Forgemaster (Book one of the Spirit Guide Saga)
Published by H. Lee Morgan at Smashwords
Copyright 2014 H. Lee Morgan

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. Thank you for downloading this free ebook. original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to Smashwords.com to discover other works by this author.
Thank you for your support.





Chapter 1

Ethan pried his tired eyes from the computer screen as he heard the familiar ‘click click’ of his boss’s ridiculous high heeled shoes on the polished tile floor and cringed. He couldn’t see Sherry’s familiar black hair just yet, which everyone knew to be heavily dyed because no woman in her eighties did that without trying to look young and not realize that their pursuit of youthful beauty is thirty years too late. Those six inch stiletto heels she always wore would even make a call girl wince, yet the sound of them getting louder meant she was closing in on the latest victim. Already he could hear his fellow coworkers start fastidiously typing on their keyboards with more speed in the attempt to not receive her wrath and be seen as a diligent worker, not that it ever worked, from what he ever noticed. In his head Ethan could barely keep the frightening images at bay of Sherry’s wardrobe options. As a man, he knew little of how to dress properly and why colors had to match or choose proper patterns, but even a gay man would rather scoop their own eyeballs out with a rusty spoon than ever look upon her daily selections.
The hairs on the back of Ethan’s neck continued to rise as she had yet to speak and as he worked at the very end cubicle meant one thing.
This chopping block had his name written all over it today!
Groaning softly, he rubbed his temples as the ‘click click click’ of those heels felt like spikes driving deeper into his skull. He checked the latest analysis of accounting options and how the business could continue to expand with its current resources when the sounds stopped and could feel those spiteful eyes glaring.
“Mr. Ethan Volorum, a word.” He heard her almost masculine voice caused by sixty years of smoking and not for the first time had he wondered how she hadn’t died from lung cancer, stroke or any of the other factors smoking does decades ago and she still chain smokes so much that when she’s not you’d still catch secondhand. She seemed to bathe in cotton candy perfume and mix that with cigarette smoke and even a person without a sense of smell would gag on the taste hanging in the air.
The man in question sighed and turned in his chair to look up and successfully hide a cringe as he noticed she had somehow stuffed her two hundred and forty pounds into a neon green, strapless tube dress. Outlandish gaudy rings covered gnarled fingers while loop earrings hung from sagging earlobes. A diamond necklace plunged into a bosom that had seen way too many miles and would be a deathtrap to any fool who had the stomach to get closer. Worst of all she wore too much makeup and seemed to highlight a mole wider than the pad of his thumb and had long curly hairs sprouting from it. Ethan swallowed down bile as he was revolted to be employed by a woman who had a demeanor that matched her appearance. In this instance the book was as bad as its cover. In a neutral voice that surprised everyone who listened he said “What may I do for you, Ma’am?”
“I do not tolerate slackers, Mr. Volorum. Pack any and all of your belongings and leave these premises immediately. You’re fired!”
“What?” He asked, dumbfounded and shocked. “What did I do to deserve to be let go? I need this job, Ms. Sherry. My grandparents just died in a car accident three days ago and I need the money for the funeral arrangements. Please…”
She sneered while holding her hand in a ‘stop talking’ gesture. “Save your excuses for someone who cares. You’re fired. End of discussion. You were caught using company equipment to play videogames and that is not allowed.”
“But only during my break. I have no money to spare to go out and buy lunch so I do something to not…”
“Leave, you sorry excuse for a man! Before I call security.” Sherry pointed to the elevator.
Humiliated, Ethan reached forward and grabbed his mug of coffee and his prepaid cell. It was all he could afford to decorate the lifeless cubicle. He stood up, towering over Sherry at six foot and carried a husky frame. It had been three days he’d gone without a proper meal, but without his grandparents he couldn’t afford so much as a drive through value meal at the corner fast food. Still, Sherry sneered and grabbed his slightly flabby stomach. “You can’t afford to eat? Don’t insult me, Lardo.”
With that last dig, Ethan straightened and glared. “You’re one to talk, Hag. And yes, I haven’t eaten much more than two small cups of ramen for the past three days. You can’t expect someone to become skin and bones that quickly.” For a moment he felt frightened when he saw Sherry’s cloudy eyes of mild cataracts suddenly clear and flickered an eerie and frightening red, but then she blinked and they returned to normal. She was angry at his comment, but he turned his back, stepped around her and headed to the elevator.
Immediately as he pushed the button he heard a soft ‘ding’ and the shiny metal doors slid open. He entered and hit the first floor button. As they closed he saw Sherry glaring, turn her nose up and sauntered off. What was revolting was with each step in her famous high heels, her flabby body jiggled. If anything was in his stomach it would have tried to escape its confines and make a mess for the janitor. When the doors closed he could hear her snarl at everyone to get back to work.
On the way down Ethan couldn’t shake the feeling that what he saw in those eyes wanted him to die slowly or receive the worst kinds of torture. And that reddish hue was disturbing in a whole different way from her usual persona. He had to shake it off and forget it happened now that he had been fired for doing something he promised not to do at work. He had to do something to raise some quick money.
The elevator rang and opened to allow a mail deliverer and his empty cart inside. He seemed so bored, not even bothering to acknowledge Ethan leaning into the corner.
Eventually the floor he wanted came and he exited, walked the hall and left the mind numbing building. He thought, Why does everything have to spiral down the crapper so fast when it will be nearly impossible to recover? Granma, Grandpa, I wish you were still alive and could help me settle your affairs. As it is, I have but one option left to break even and still honor you. I have to sell my whole collection. It would be just enough to get me by for a week and hope another job opens up somewhere before I need to beg help from ‘Him’.
Ethan found the bus bench a half a block later, sat down and grimaced while waiting for the next means of transportation to come. Positive thinking wasn’t possible. Everything I have worked so hard for and all the chores it took to use my whole childhood and teen allowance went to all my comics and games. Is the universe telling me it’s time to grow up now that I just turned thirty? All I’ve earned will be lost tonight. I cannot prolong waiting… But before I go to ‘Ol Fred’s comic store I need to tell Jenny.
Deciding to pay his girlfriend a surprise visit first, Ethan sighed and saw the bus coming ahead of schedule and stood. He pulled out his wallet, removed the necessary cash to ride and stepped to the curb. The hydraulics hissed as the city bus stopped and opened its doors. Two passengers exited before he entered alone. He gave his money over, got the change and walked to an empty seat in the back and put his head against the cool window. Contemplating.
The driver, seeing everyone properly seated, drove on ahead.
Orlando’s skyscrapers drew his attention over the thousands of cars always in a hurry to get nowhere fast. It was summer in Florida so it meant not only hot, but humid to the point where breathing the air was almost like inhaling a glass of uncomfortable water. Luckily the bus was cool and loud enough that he didn’t need to listen to any conversations or be bothered by any other problems. Ethan felt numb now that the shock of being fired had passed. It was a dead-end computer job with only cheap dental for benefits. Being perpetually healthy and born with straight teeth meant he only had to go once a year for a cleaning. His mind then went on autopilot as he only made himself take notice of the stops so he didn’t miss his.
Then it happened. “Crap!” he exclaimed as he saw the familiar spot pass right by. He knew the driver wouldn’t stop for another mile so he bit the bullet till it happened. At the next stop he exited and forced himself to walk back the other way. Ethan stuck to the sidewalks and crossed the street like an actual law abiding citizen without jaywalking. Businesses large and small passed one at a time. Being Saturday, the kids were out of school and a group found energy to play outside thanks to water hoses, balloons and squirt guns. For the first time in three days he smiled at a simple good thing as children played, but he didn’t stop walking.
	
Twenty reflective minutes passed as Ethan took the mile one step at a time, going over what he was going to say. He knew Jenny’s reaction wasn’t going to be fun, even though they have been dating four months. She was aloof at times, but had a quick temper. They met through a free online dating service. He stopped at the front of her apartment, remembering more of her. Jenny is a year younger, no children and works for an Orlando home and garden magazine, though she doesn’t own a garden or really know much about flora and fauna other than they exist. All she does is take the letters to the next person in the business ladder. She is very pretty with an average figure and thinks his hobby is completely childish. She’s been trying to change him ever since she saw his small apartment with a whole wall dedicated to an organized selection of comic books, graphic novels and the other holds hundreds of videogames from every retro console to state of the art.
“Well, Jenny, you’re going to get your wish. It’ll all have to go so my grandparents debts are settled.” He murmured and opened the front door. The lone elevator was currently being repaired still if the worker’s prominent bubba crack for the second week in a row meant anything. Stairs it is again! He thought and found the door to it after following the signs and took them one at a time up to the fifth of six floors. It was the first time using them, but he prided himself on a good sense of direction, when not daydreaming, and took two corners before finding room five thirteen and gently knocking, since it was Saturday and she never works the weekends. He didn’t get an immediate answer, but he heard odd noises inside.
The door was unlocked and he opened it as he knew what those sounds were and wished he didn’t need to find out, but after all this in his life, it was just the icing on a shit cake. The living room was empty of bodies, but shed clothes were scattered all over and Jenny not only didn’t have a roommate, but she couldn’t ever wear men’s shoes so large or long pants due to a short woman’s stature.
Then as he neared her bedroom door his fears were realized as he heard moaning and skin slapping skin. It was certainly Jenny’s voice saying “There! Harder! Ahhh!!!” Disgusted, he turned around and walked away and just as he went to the front door, he held the knob, but what drew him was a familiar wallet given as a present two years ago at the last family reunion up in Tennessee.
Heartbroken and blood boiling, Ethan slammed the front door closed while remaining inside to find his voice calm in asking “Jenny?!” He heard an immediate thump from the bedroom as someone fell from her bed as she cursed colorfully, telling the willing partner to ‘fucking hide.’ “You got company?”
Moments later Jenny poked her head out to find Ethan looking rather calm and questioning while looking down at a pair of crumpled jeans and cursed loudly within her mind, but she guessed him a bit slow on the uptake as he kicked the mess aside and smiled. She said “One moment, I just got out of the shower.” She lied to make the excuse to her flushed cheeks.
Then the smile vanished and she knew she was caught. “Oh, then tell Billy I need to talk to him too.”
She cringed and saw the hurt in his eyes and how he looked at her made her feel just like the slut she realized she was. Her anger flared at the condensation and opened the door, wrapped in a bed sheet. “Where do you get the gall to look at me like that, Ethan? A woman has needs, which you neglect. Four months! Four months of no sex, Ethan! Yes, everyone knows your shy about sex and remain a thirty year old virgin. Come on, I throw myself at you, and gave obvious signs even a blind man could understand, but you apologize and leave after seeing a glimpse of my breasts. Any man would be all too willing to have me wrap my legs around them, but you just stand there. Jeez, even a person more nerdy than you would grovel at my feet for a chance to have me for a night.”
In a calm tone he said “But not this man. I told you I’m waiting for my soul mate. And even if you could have any man alive, why did you choose my own brother?!” he didn’t yell, he rarely did because he hated what rage does to him.
Billy laid a hand on Jenny’s shoulder and stepped out in nothing but a pair of boxers, his head of black hair disheveled and a proud smirk on his lips. “Well hello, big brother. Jenny and I weren’t expecting company so soon, for a person with your old world personality I expected a call to warn us. Why is it you are here in the middle of the day when you should be working? Let me guess, they fired you, eh Tubby?”
Brushing the remark aside he looked at his little brother’s twenty six year old, pretty boy appearance and lean form most women prefer. “Billy, I’ve tried calling you for three days and you haven’t responded. I know we cannot stand to be in the same room together, but our grandparents died in an accident and the attorneys found me first. Where have you been when I needed you… Never mind, I answered my own question.” He glanced at Jenny’s burgundy hair framing her flushed face. “Listen, Billy, I need some help. Even selling all my belongings I’ll not be living off them long, so yes, I was fired. You are the only family I have left and we must honor their wishes to be buried by mom.”
Billy burst out laughing. “You think I care about those pathetic old geezers? If I remember correctly, they disowned me after a minor drunken incident when I was eighteen and never once spoke to me at the old man’s ninetieth birthday reunion. What makes you think I. Give. A. Damn? I’ve got money, your girl and great looks yet you were always the favorite. You were the suck up who never did wrong. You’re all on your own, Ethan. They could rot on the side of the street and I wouldn’t bat an eye. Family is for losers, just like yourself with all those comics.”
Retaining a calm exterior, Ethan looked between the two carefully and Jenny twisted the knife in his heart as she wrapped her arm around Billy’s narrow waist and tilted her chin up. “Seems I was right again. My happy little brother is gone because he cannot understand anything beyond the tip of his pecker and doesn’t have the stones to remember what family means and brushes it off like a piece of lint.” His gaze turned. “And Jenny, I hope you truly find the one that will bring you happiness. My gut instinct told me we weren’t meant to be, but I disregarded them because you took some interest in me. From the bottom of my heart I wish you well even though it is aching right now. Billy, Jenny, farewell?”
“Stop being so formal, Tubbs! Are you so shy and even tempered that you cannot show emotion? I distinctly remember Mr. Temper growing up. Drop the chivalry act. Mom isn’t here to tell you to always remain the proper gentleman. This is the twenty first century dumbass, not the eighteenth. You just make yourself into those comic books, pretending to be a hero. Get with it already, this is the real world.” Billy spread his arms around the room.
“Maybe, but I was raised a gentleman, Billy. I don’t want to change something good into bad and it makes me who I am. And I truly meant what I said. I can only count on myself after all. Farewell to you both.” He then turned around and left the apartment.
Only then did Jenny realize what she had lost from her own deplorable act. She knew it could never be taken back. In one day he had to grieve for his grandparents, lost his job and that of his girlfriend to none other than his brother who seemed to have come out of nowhere. There was no one to be with him and yet he didn’t act anything more than an honest fool who still believed in being a gentleman. Looking back over the recent months he always opened doors, took the curb side down late night strolls, pulled her chair out and never once lied about himself. She felt so dirty to have lost someone so genuinely good. Before she could chase after him and beg forgiveness Billy turned to her and kissed her on the lips. “Care to pick up where we left off?”
The only response came in a nod so she could temporarily forget what she had done. They went back to her bedroom.
Down and outside the apartment, Ethan forced himself calm so wrathful emotions didn’t get in the way and have an old habit return. He needed a release to lessen his troubles and chose to walk home, which was about eight miles away. He decided it would do some good and started for his cheap apartment while focusing ahead.
Never in the whole of Ethan’s life had he come so close to being that angry and it pushed his willpower to the limit to remain calm. It wouldn’t have mattered since that is what everyone expected, but he would not burden anyone with his own problems or take it out on someone else. Still… he felt cold by how callous and narcissistic every person he knew was.
Just ‘Ol Fred and his grandparents had ever truly treated him with respect. The old comic book shop owner understood Ethan’s enjoyment because he was a kindred soul who also grew up with the comics all the way back when he was a boy and bought his famous first issue Superman, first print, for just a few cents but is now valued for over three hundred million since it is still unopened and in mint condition. Even back then the old man knew a treasured investment by buying two. The other print had disappeared long ago. They had a longstanding relationship so Ethan knew that ‘Ol Fred will give him a fair price.

As he turned another block he smiled because the kids were still in a heated water war. The hot asphalt street was so saturated it didn’t instantly evaporate despite the oppressive sun directly overhead. The laugh of children momentarily claimed his full attention and washed his misery away.
About ten to twelve children between the ages of six to ten were battling to the death in their bathing suits in front of a pricy condo. Their parents were over sitting under the shade of a gazebo, knocking back one drink after another and not really watching them as they should so near the road where a pedophile could so easily snatch them before anyone could intervene. Luckily there was a bench beneath an old oak out of the way where he could rest and enjoy the sounds of joy, at least for a short while.
After a few minutes Ethan watched on as an athletic boy hurled a perfectly filled water balloon straight at a giggling six year old. She was distracted by something and moved just before getting a direct hit to the back of the head. Only when it sailed by and bounced off the sidewalk to roll into the middle of the road did she figure she could capture the enemy weapon and launch it in return. She smiled evilly and ran out to get it.
Immediately Ethan’s heart seem to stop and fall into his stomach.
Barreling down the road was a heavily loaded semi with a prominent 7UP advertisement displayed all over and going greatly beyond the posted speed limit. But the worst part is that the driver was too preoccupied with his cell phone while focusing on texting rather than the road… Right where the little girl ran out into the street to retrieve her ammunition. She held up her prize in victory, not seeing what was going to run her over.
There was a choice, let her get hit and die too soon or do something.
For Ethan, there was none. “LOOK OUT!!!” he yelled at the top of his lungs and lunged forward, dropping his coffee mug. The girl stopped and turned to Ethan with frightened wide eyes before turning towards oncoming traffic and seeing her own detailed reflection in a green bumper of an eighteen wheeler who’d yet to notice. Flying on adrenaline and fear for the girl, Ethan somehow leapt over the hood of a parked car and jumped with all he had. The girl seemed to stand frozen in time, her mouth half opened to scream her last breath.
But just a moment before the rig ran her over Ethan’s long arms and large hands slammed against her, thrusting her forward and out of harm’s way.
And then he hit the ground and saw a large black tire a moment before all went dark. There was a slight shooting pain… then nothing except darkness.
Suddenly there came the unmistakable ‘woro woro woro’ sounds of a semi’s brakes locking up and its tires losing rubber on the ground to stop as soon as possible. Then as it stopped there came the cry of a girl with adults yelling “RACHIEL!!!”
Slowly Ethan opened his eyes, realizing the darkness was from screwing them shut. He pushed himself up after learning he felt no more pain, to find a group of frightened kids and adults running to a crying little girl, but now had a name. “Rachiel.” Ethan said and sighed when he saw her get up and run into her mother’s arms. He looked at himself and found not a scratch. His shirt and jeans were still fresh and clean. All felt as it should.
When he realized little Rachiel was fine he found himself angry and turned to the trucker and give the distracted idiot a piece of his mind and stopped cold.
Parallel to the unbroken tire marks of the heavy 7Up truck lay for over thirty yards of blacktop was an unmistakable skid mark of fresh crimson blood and bits of flesh and bone. Between where Ethan found himself and the truck was a mangled, unrecognizable body.
He went to throw up, but felt nothing rise within, not even bile, but he dry heaved at what happened.
Unable to resist morbid curiosity, Ethan looked down to see he looked exactly as he did before, but no longer cast a shadow below his feet as the sun was nearly directly overhead. He knew what happened immediately, but couldn’t quite accept such proof till he went over to a nearby worried man and watched as his arm passed through solid flesh.
Ethan learned he just died and was a ghost.
His odd sense of humor first wondered, So am I a spirit like the classic Patrick Swayze movie Ghost? I feel like me. I feel my breath, but… I don’t smell anything, that’s wrong. I should smell fresh rubber, grass and feel heat of the sun. “Oh this isn’t good.” He muttered. “I wonder if I can spook people…” his mind stopped going down such a mischievous path when he heard the cries of fear of a mother and child. His attention turned to them.
“Rachiel, Rachiel, look at me, are you alright?” The worried mother fussed and saw only both knees were scraped and bleeding. She held the crying girl close to ask “What happened?”
She couldn’t answer, but one of the other children said “A man saved her.”
“What man?” Rachiel’s father asked hurriedly.
Ethan stood before the group on the sidewalk, but try as he might, they clearly couldn’t see or hear him. The child who saw everything quite literally ran through Ethan’s left leg and stepped carefully onto the street to say “That ma…” the boy stopped as he pointed to the mangled body and gasped, his eyes almost as wide as the girl’s before.
The adults hurried to the street and screamed, some turned their children away from the scene. That’s when the truck driver chose that moment to see what his actions wrought and he swayed before falling on his ass in a state of complete shock. “Call 911!” someone yelled and another was already dialing.
In a minute there came sirens from police, fire and EVAC, but Ethan already knew his place and watched along with the bystanders while a coroner was called to gather the remains of his body. The whole process lasted no more than twenty minutes as police took statements from witnesses. The firemen put bandages on the girl’s knees and left while the driver was not only caught texting from the police checking his cell, but a breathalyzer and found to be almost double the legal limit.
The only disheartening thing Ethan felt was listening to the coroner explain how his body was captured by the front wheel, pulped, drug under before getting dislodged shortly after and all his identification in his wallet and cell was shredded instantly beyond repair from getting caught beneath as the truck decelerated.
It meant there was no quick way to be indentified and who to inform.
As the ruined remains of what was once human were shoveled into a bag and water sprayed on the road to wash away blood down to the gutters and the emergency responders began leaving there came a singsong voice. “Well this is certainly an unexpected surprise! You must be Ethan. Howdy!”
He turned around at the lovely southern accent of a highly feminine woman and stopped as his jaw felt like it dropped to the ground like a Looney Tunes character to look upon true beauty. Ethan’s life would forever be changed.





Chapter 2

Standing before him was beyond what imagination could ever describe.
The woman was exceedingly lofty, taller than any person he had ever met for she had the stature of an eight foot tall athletic woman of perfect proportions. She appeared in her mid twenties and wore no makeup to hide her unblemished features. But despite her impressive elevation she was curvaceous to flawlessness as her narrow waist flared to wide hips of a woman in her prime. Her breasts were average in proportioned size, but the symmetry was perfect. Her clothes were breathtaking as she wore gold threaded into a sports bra-like top that crossed her belly in an X and attached to golden pants that hugged her curves. She wore an elegant and classy pair of silvery high heels of four inches, but to her large size it would be compared on a much shorter woman as a pair of two inch heels or quite possibly one. But that is all that had a woman’s natural shape.
Great metallic blue wings sprung from her bare back and each feather looked downy soft and Ethan couldn’t stop from imagining wanting to run his finger through them. The wings were tucked and lay flat down her whole length, adding a beautiful backdrop if one could take a picture. The curved joint apex of each wing was as higher than the very top of her head and the primary flight feathers stood just five inches from being drug along the ground. The woman’s hair was also startlingly metallic blue like her wings and short as her jaw line. Her shimmering hair framed a heart shaped face and looking at the roots proved that either she recently dyed it or it was completely natural. He felt it was the latter.
Despite all of this, it was her face that drew him close and would forever hold him in awe. She was the epitome of true beauty and refined class. Full and generous ruby red lips were smirked like she held some private joke and just above them was a small nose that couldn’t work for anyone other than herself. High cheekbones and arched blue eyebrows added to her stunning form. Her skin was of creamy alabaster and even from the distance, he knew they would be like touching the finest silks. The luminous quality of healthy skin also revealed that she was covered in fine glitter as the sun blanketed her perfection. But like the wings and hair, Ethan understood the glints of millions of glitter was actually a natural quality of her skin.
But it was her eyes that held him prisoner. They were like pure molten gold. Never had he seen in anyone’s eyes hold such luminous color. Her unique eyes twinkled with calm and subdued excitement at the same time. He felt drawn to her as his emotion surged in a way he never expected. If he had use of a heartbeat he knew it would be firing on all cylinders and racing like that of a horse getting chased by a pack of wolves.
“Well, you goin’ to answer me, Darlin’ or stare blankly?” This time Ethan listened more closely to her sweet, dainty voice belonging to that of a southern belle. He never expected such a delicate sound to come from a woman of her stature. Her accent and quality belonged more on a woman of no more than four and a half to five feet.
Shooting out of his mouth he said “Damn!”
She blinked and tilted her head some, making her loose hair shift in an adorable way. “Never had that response from a soul before.” She smirked. “Probably because I’ve never seen a soul keep his form after dyin’. Why’d you say ‘Damn’ Mr. Volorum?”
Ethan shook his head before craning his neck back. “Because I was wrong. Angels do exist and are more gorgeous than one would imagine.”
“Thank you for the comment, it’s flatterin’.” He watched as her wings fluffed while her cheeks dimpled some. “But it is a mistake to refer to me as an angel, not like the religious myths humans have twisted. I am a Spirit Guide, a ferry to show the departed where they will find rest for the remainder of eternity. But this circumstance has never happened to me before. Your soul retains its form.”
Before he could respond he looked around at all the people talking. “Ma’am, can people see or hear you talking to me?”
She burst out laughing at his ignorance, unable to contain herself. Ethan though found her laugh as wonderful as her form, which she picked up clearly from his mind and was overcome with joy. “Do you think humans who could see me wouldn’t find anything alarmin’ in my appearance? Me, a woman taller than men, with wings and blue hair? I think not. I haven’t a physical form, like yourself. Watch.” She walked confidently through people who never even blinked. She returned with a smile. “See.”
“But if we could walk through people, why aren’t we falling through the ground? I still feel the weight of gravity on my body.”
“Ah, you are a thinker. Souls are usually so distraught they cannot think critically once their physical form loses energy, but to answer you, it is part of becomin’ one with the Spirit World. Some of the laws you know remain, some aren’t… Strange, I’ve never had this kind of conversation before with a soul.”
“You said that before.” Ethan pointed out. “What does that mean?”
“Your spirit’s form remains human, somethin’ I’ve never seen or heard of. Souls naturally appear like this.” She held out a hand and gently blew from her lips. White bluish light spilled from her mouth like smoke or fog and gathered in her palm. Ethan watched as the light gathered to form a ball and almost burned a cone straight up like some kind of medieval torch or fireball. But what captivated him more was her fond expression and happiness towards the soul. “This is a human soul from an elderly man who passed over into my care this mornin’, surrounded by his whole lovin’ family. He is to be taken to the Endless Garden for his life’s deeds earned him a place where he loved forests and mountains brimmin’ with life.” She then gently breathed the spirit back inside. “Within me are twenty thousand souls that I hold to take over, just this day. Six hundred are human. Mr. Volorum…
“Ethan.” He corrected.
“My apologies, I’m Kanade Cerulean,” she pronounced it as Ka-na-day. “a family name, not due to my wing color.” Kanade enjoyed the way he brightened to hear her name. “What I was attemptin’ to say is that souls have never appeared to me the way you do. I protect the souls by takin’ them into myself so the journey is safe. Human souls never talk to me coherently, animals can’t entirely and I’m unsure what to do with you.”
“Are you going to suck me into you like that old man’s soul?” he shuttered by the thought and felt bumps rise all over.
“I cannot.” She answered calmly. Before he could ask ‘Why?’ Kanade crossed her arms and continued “I tried when you were preoccupied with watchin’ your body being collected to be disposed of. You would not be taken.”
“So what is next, Kanade? I doubt I can remain. Every movie and book turns out badly for souls who stay.” Ethan sat down on the bench he originally took to watch some good and sighed.
Kanade joined him, sitting on her wings as if it not only didn’t hurt, but was natural. Her long legs crossed and she sat her head on her raised knees. The short bench for her allowed it to be possible. Golden eyes calmly stayed locked on him, but they didn’t unsettle him as others would feel. Deep down he wanted to stare into them forever.
She studied him closely, taking every inch of him in. She didn’t say a word for a full minute while studying this unique situation and enjoying the way his mind worked through the situation and how he saw her. She knew she was beautiful, but his mind spoke of so much more. Ethan had exceedingly dark brown hair with auburn undertones, cut in a simple shortness and was very thick, enough to comb to the side. It was thick with natural waves. Long eyelashes that made women envy stayed momentarily closed. He was tall for a male and had some extra girth around the middle, but not so much to be seen as unsightly. Grey, almost pale white eyes turned on her and the way he looked at her made her breast feel warm. No male had ever made her feel so calm, not even the old ones of her kind. His face was clearly masculine and had a little fat that made him seem average to other men. Neither handsome or homely, but she could understand enough that his character was kindhearted and lacked any way to be deceitful. A rare old soul she hadn’t seen in a while from his age, not counting his shape. Finally, Kanade, answered while keeping her head on her knees. “No, you cannot remain, but not for the reasons you see in human movies or books. Souls attract Chaos, demons. Demons devour souls and will likely eat yours or take you to a greater demon since your form is odd. Nevertheless, when they come, you will cease to exist once eaten. Don’t be mistaken by how I hold souls inside myself, I do not eat them. A demon destroys the soul and takes its power. Should your soul be different, they will enjoy it more than you. And you will be unable to outrun a demon, even a lesser one. Chaos would not treat you with any kindness or sympathy. But there is another issue...”
“What now?” He said with calm fear that he didn’t let take control. “I die, demons will want to devour me because I can’t even die correctly… what’s next, you are going to say you’ll end me sooner before they get a chance?”
“Quite an imagination you have, Ethan.” Kanade watched as when she said his name he seemed to find joy in the simple gesture and truly relaxed on the seat. “Firstly, you must know that I’m unable to do harm in any way. I haven’t the power. Demons cannot harm me, but nor can I touch them in anger. I won’t be able to stop them if they sneak up and take you from me.” She laughed as he looked fearfully over his shoulder. “Do not fear, I do not sense the taint of a denizen near us. For now, we may talk. Ethan, what I meant to explain before that brief outburst is you weren’t slated to die this day, it is why I didn’t show myself to you immediately.”
His eyes grew at the statement. In a whisper, mostly to himself he asked “I wasn’t supposed to die?”
“Afraid not.” Kanade sat up and flicked her wrist. A silver sheet of what looked like paper came into existence without any sound or grand effects. One moment it wasn’t there and the next it was. Kanade grabbed it on slender fingers. Clear, manicured fingernails glistened when sunlight found a hole in the leaves. She then began to read and he focused on her words rather than the dainty southern belle accent. “Ethan Volorum, currently aged thirty years, two months, four days. Born March ninth at eight pounds eight and a half ounces. Total height, six foot, two hundred and seven pounds currently. Scheduled death would be caused by heart failure at eighty three years. Alone. Never married or had children.” She glanced to gauge his reaction.
“Well that royally sucks.” He huffed and looked across the street. “Well at least my sad life wasn’t fulfilled and found some meaning. At least Rachiel will see another tomorrow. I’m glad it’s me and not that innocent child who got hit.”
“Aaactually…” She hesitated greatly and looked away too quickly.
“Kanade… don’t tell me it was pointless too?” Ethan saw the answer before the angel, Spirit Guide or whatever replied. Kanade was too pensive.
“I’m sorry, Ethan, but at the time you died you were actually supposed to tell Rachiel Flemmings to ‘Duck!’ not ‘Look out!’. That is why I wasn’t waitin’ on you immediately. Fate had determined Rachiel would have dropped to the ground like her favorite game and the truck would have went over her. The worst of the injuries sustained would have been one scraped knee, not two. She was small enough that the vehicle would easily go over her…” she blinked and held up a finger as she felt a nudge within her mind as something changed dramatically. She flicked her wrist out again and another sheet appeared. Ethan remained patient and allowed Kanade to read it. “Well I’ll be cow kicked by a mule! Fate has changed her life because of this moment. Rachiel was scheduled to die at twenty six from excessive drinking and run off the road to hit a tree, but now she will forever be changed and will die at twenty five in combat after joinin’ the navy.”
“How is that better?” Ethan asked, feeling horrified. “Seems I shortened her life. Seems whatever I do turns out wrong.”
“False assumption. Her death will save the lives of her navy team who will then go on to kill a terrorist organization savin’ thousands more from a chemical attack on a hospital.” The awe in Kanade’s voice made him feel better. “She will later become known as a national hero, sayin’ to most she befriends how her own guardian angel died to give her the chance to save others… Ethan, you’ve saved her future soul from the Lost Lands. That is a place where souls feel sick forever on whatever substance they died ingestin’.”
“Really?” Hope filled his voice though he didn’t fully understand what she said.
“Fate himself just changed her destiny from your selfless action.” Her molten gold eyes swam with tears that didn’t spill. “Mind if I can call you a friend? It would be an honor to befriend someone so selfless and genuine as to forever change a person’s outcome. Few humans disregard their own well being for a complete and total stranger.”
Ethan felt truly uncomfortable under her straightforward personality and looked down. “Umm… I guess we can.”
The winged beauty squealed like a schoolgirl and hugged him.
Electricity shot between them. It was so sudden both pulled away and looked at each other with wide eyes. It didn’t hurt, but was foreign, unsettling and oddly exhilarating. Ethan didn’t know if it was being dead or that her breasts rubbed against him so wonderfully, for never in his life had anything felt like that. Kanade also felt it and looked down at her arms that tingled slightly and her breast warmed pleasantly to the point she blushed.
Before either could speak of the experience Kanade’s head snapped up and in a fluid move, stood. Her wings shot out instinctively, prepared to take flight. Ethan was likewise on his feet and looking down the same street she was. Even standing in front of her, she towered behind by over two feet, easily looking at what he could not. “Kanade, why do you look so scared?”
“Demons!” she hissed, her kind and beautiful features turned both fearful and angry. “I sense their bloodlust rushing this way. Hundreds of lesser demons. Goblins most likely. They come for you, Ethan. They smell your open and exposed soul. I cannot stay. I protect too many within. If they capture me, they can steal them. I won’t die, but twenty thousand souls will be forever lost.”
“Then what the hell are you waiting for, Kanade?! Get out of here!” He turned around and smiled up at her, enjoying how she appeared one last time in her full angelic glory. “I’m unimportant compared to them. If the demons want me, I’ll do what I can so you escape. It was a short friendship, but thanks for meeting me. My life might be worth less than crap, but meeting you was worth it in the end.” Ethan turned around and squared off. He didn’t know where this courage came from, but he would do with it what he could.
A great power startled Kanade as it against brushed hers. An ancient mind greater than all others spoke “Child, danger comes in force. You must fulfill your task for the many souls’ safety. Take Ethan by the hand and return to me. He is worthy to stand in my presence.”
“But, My Lord, he is not within me. His form remains that of a man! How can I transport him safely?” She asked humbly, staring into the sky.
Ethan glanced over his shoulder as she supposedly spoke to herself, but he didn’t know another spoke to her mind. “Fear not, Child, he will survive the crossing. You just do not understand what has happened. Be off before Chaos claims him!”
“Understood.” Kanade felt the foreign power recede and looked down to a good and kind soul. “Ethan, take my hand! Hurry!”
Not bothering to question her, he spun around and took her soft hand slightly larger than his own and they felt the electrical, tingling sensation return where they touched. Her finger’s curled around his tightly and neither would release. He watched as her wings lifted high, her knees bent and as she jumped her blue wings shimmered in the sunlight before slamming down. The power of her wings shot the two of them fifty feet skyward. She looked up into the sky as she powered her way ever higher.
Ethan looked down and saw the emergency vehicles leaving the site of his physical death, but before things became too small to identify he noticed hundreds of dark hairy forms running at inhuman speeds not even a car could contend with. Then came the city of Orlando which led to seeing the whole Floridian state. Still Kanade ascended higher till the bright blue atmosphere turned to blackness of space.
 He eventually looked up at his hands gripping Kanade’s with all he could so he didn’t fall, but his fear vanished as he saw her smile down in his direction for a moment before looking up. Shoulders ached from his own weight, but she didn’t even seem fazed by carrying a passenger.
It was a marvel to see her still flying straight up, but then he noticed a ball of silvery light in the sky that resembled a pulsating star. She flew right at it and didn’t slow. As they entered, Ethan was blinded as he felt his body feel itself get jerked painfully. Then he closed his eyes to darkness.

Just as the gut wrenching pull came to an end Ethan heard her lovely voice. “It is over now, Darlin’. Open your eyes.” He felt her take her hand back.
Wholeheartedly trusting her, he did and it made him gasp.
Further than the eye could see was a lush forest of green grass swaying in the breeze with grand trees of lustrous ivory that held reddish golden leaves as if Fall were in season. A truly crystal clear lake gently lapped at the grassy bank and made sweet music with the placid wind. Rolling hills teemed with frolicking animals. A herd of horses were running for sheer enjoyment while deer were hopping with mirth. All around was a calm beauty. The sky was bluer than any Ethan had ever seen with a pair of suns high above the wisps of clouds. It was so hard to describe, Ethan couldn’t fully comprehend the depth because of his limited human mind.
That wasn’t all as he saw thousands of Spirit Guides either lounging in intimate pairs in the grass, soaring on the winds, some under the shade of a tree reading or making music with instruments or their voices. His jaw continued to drop as he realized no two had the exact wing color and their hair matched. Like Kanade, each winged being was a giant at eight feet or taller, especially the men who were all no less than nine. But what really was awesome to see is some were playing with light at their fingertip and creating lines in the air which did things beyond belief.
“Kanade, are they doing magic?” He pointed to a group over by the lake.
She smiled down at him, seeing how quickly he can recover. What she found most endearing is his honest smile that was filled with intrigue. “You may call it magic. It is the simplest word to understand it. This is the Spirit World where all souls come to live. From the tiniest plants to the greatest of whales throughout the entire universe. Those are other Spirit Guides, my kin. Most stay comfortable, maintainin’ this realm’s order of peace. Those you see doing ‘magic’ as you called it are merely usin’their Spirit Energy to invoke their unique and individual talent to help the lost or in danger find their way. Some use the ancient runes to invoke an idea into existence, but all Spirit Energy is meant to benefit.” He looked up into her eyes and she felt pleasant and unsettled at the same time. Though she spoke as if nothing was wrong, her hand still tingled from his touch. “Ethan, a very important being wishes me to bring you in his presence, but first I must release the souls I contain.”
“Then lead on, Kanade. I’ll follow you wherever you wish to take me… since I don’t really have a choice or have an idea where to go… Wait, an important person? God? Is that who you speak of? He exists?” Ethan asked quickly when her words sunk deeper into his mind.
Here full ruby lips quirked again and he enjoyed how the two suns made her skin glitter even more than the last time on Earth. “Keep thinkin’ that.” She laughed as she hid it behind a hand. “No, the gods of human religion are wrong in almost every way. But there is a ruler of the Spirit World, Spirit King. He was the first life to be born from Chaos’ darkness.” She began walking slowly from her sculpted long legs would out distance Ethan’s effortlessly. He matched her pace, never looking from her unless it was to see what was ahead. What he didn’t notice were the other Spirit Guides realizing who walked with her. Fingers started pointing, drawing attention from everyone to Ethan. None had apparently seen a human spirit retain form either and it was the greatest spectacle of her kind recently. She felt a sense of pride and accomplishment that she was the one who got to be by his side. “Spirit King has but one son created from his own essence, Fate, as he has always been called. From Chaos’ darkness sprung Order’s light. But god or gods is nothing more than a figment of twisted truths human religion has used to control and poison the minds of naturally good humans. So your disbelief of god and angels is somewhat true. Those myths do not exist as believed. Religion is as useless as breasts on a boar.” That made them both laugh. “Fate is the one who wishes me to bring you. As soon as the souls go to their final rest we will meet him.”
“Still, thanks for the clarification. I’m just glad you are my angel.”
Kanade stopped too suddenly and Ethan hit the brakes to notice her expression hardened, wings stiff and her posture tense. Her golden eyes were narrowed and as she spoke he could feel the sting of each syllable. “I am not your angel. Watch what you say for you know nothing of my kind or culture. Friends are all we can be, nothin’ more. Never, ever, call me your angel or hint there is somethin’ more. Do not ever say it to another Spirit Guide unless you wish to be sent to the realm of Torment for two thousand years.”
Ethan could see she was furious, but no other person was near enough to hear her though he noticed others gawking in his direction. “Kanade, forgive me for upsetting you. It wasn’t my intention. I don’t have a clue what brought on your anger, but it was an ignorant statement. Yes, you are more beautiful than any I’ve ever seen, but you need to cut me some slack. I’ve had one hell of a day if you haven’t forgotten? I lost my job, a girlfriend, a brother and died for nothing. And in context, you saved me from demons like an angel. It’s not even been an hour so tell me how I know what and what not to say? And what is so wrong saying my angel anyway? Is it bad or derogatory? A curse?”
“I’m sorry, Ethan. I didn’t bean to snap your head off.” Kanade closed her eyes and sighed. But inside her head she couldn’t get out the comment he said of her being more beautiful than any. She knew she couldn’t fancy it, but it sounded so wonderful coming from him. He was too honest a person to lie. Ethan, why do you make me feel so? She asked herself privately. If only your words knew what they do to me. No, I cannot indulge in this. I need to find out what is wrong with me. 
Molten gold eyes reopened and first looked at her shoes in the firm grass before slowly meeting Ethan’s gaze. “I had no reason to jump to a conclusion so defensively. And I’m not angry. I’m worried for if an Enforcer heard and misunderstood, he would not care as he threw your soul into Torment. And I’m also sorry your day has been so sour. For a good person, it shouldn’t have happened.” She walked on.
“Well, are you going to explain why what I said was so bad?” He inquired as he caught up. “And what is an Enforcer?”
“An Enforcer” She began. “is the only ones of my kind that can intentionally harm another being of flesh or spirit. Enforcers wear a helmet of burning gold and hold a spear or sword of light. They protect Spirit World from the outside as well as within. Any infraction will incur their Just wrath. There are few Enforcers, but they have power equal to a great demon lord and will never stop till their judgment is completed. Only Spirit King controls them. They are unequalled in battle and have the power to kill a Spirit Guide or any other creature.”
“Frightening.”
“Indeed we are.” Came a deep bass voice.
Ethan and Kanade gasped and spun around. Behind was an Enforcer and he stood just as Kanade described. A full knights helmet covered his head and was aflame with power, but it did not hide two soul piercing violet eyes. The man stood ten feet tall and was ripped with so much muscle that not even a hint of fat touched his shirtless chest. White pants held a sheathed sword at his left hip, but in his left hand was an actual lance made of light with a height similar to the Enforcer. But not one scar or blemish marred the being. Without waiting for them to recover the Enforcer said “Fate wants Ethan immediately after the souls are freed, Kanade. No more walking. He says it is important and time is wasting.” Enormous violet wings spread and the Enforcer jumped into the sky without another word.
She recovered sooner by wrapping her arm around Ethan’s body and displayed great strength as she lifted him to hold at her side. She then immediately took to the air in haste, not wanting to tempt those to wait any longer if they sent an Enforcer.
Trees, grass, adorable animals, lakes, hills and other Spirit Guides blurred below as Kanade flew.
“If I wasn’t already a dead man I swear that guy would have made me wet myself.” Ethan said and she felt him shiver in her arm. She agreed with a nod while looking forward. “Let me take some of the burden off you.” He said and reached his right arm around her bare back, beneath her wondrous wings as she started to glide. He didn’t intend to feel her warm, silky back as he tried to make her flight easier or enjoy just how good she felt. He did feel more at ease holding her, but watched as the ground below them pass by so she didn’t see him blush.
“I’m far stronger than I look. Your weight is nothing to me, like other souls I hold.” She said, but lied some for never had she carried another in this way before. Only mothers carried young in such a way, but the way she enjoyed his arm around her felt so right, but was forbidden. If not for the orders of the Enforcer, she would rather have enjoyed the walk and longer conversation with her human friend. The threat is all that kept her from reveling in Ethan’s touch.
In another minute they came upon a place where it could be seen of other Spirit Guides flying in and out of a domed building made of the purest marble Ethan had ever seen. The building was more of a supersized stadium with over a hundred open entrances. Kanade aimed for a patch of soft grass and landed with such ease that he didn’t feel any jarring sensation. The grass crunched as his weight returned and he released his hold reluctantly. Others were so busy flying around and landing also that none looked at them, of course he seemed a child beside her. “Quickly, stay by me. If you get lost inside, run back to this spot and wait.”
“I promise.”
Fear of another Enforcer sitting on the very top of the stadium roof made Ethan jog to match Kanade’s lithe steps. They made it to the marble building, but now at a closer inspection showed gold veins running all over the structure. The Enforcer wasn’t looking their way, but it was clear he was the guardian. Once they passed the opening, he found the room echoing with conversation. He found himself in a room full of giants. If not for Kanade’s metallic blue coloring, he would have been instantly lost. Just to be sure he wasn’t, he grabbed the side of her wing. She immediately stopped and looked down to shake her head. With all the noise she couldn’t be heard. He released his hold and nodded with understanding.
Touching was a no no.
Deeper she moved and he tried keeping pace, but he found quickly that now that he was dead, he didn’t get winded. Cool! Ethan thought, but kept focus on her wings. He got smacked in the face by a green winged woman, but when she turned, whatever she felt was gone. The hard marble ground was oddly spotless especially since everyone walked in off the grass, but he realized that his guide’s high heels didn’t show any signs of walking on dirt or grass. In fact her shoes remained spotless. Must be a Spirit World thing. He guessed.
It felt like a half hour passed as he followed her, sometimes she would glance back and find him weaving though the crowd and felt sorry. She eventually passed the thickest part of the crowd and strolled up to a desk where a Pixie sat. She was no more than four inches tall with the wings of a Matriarch butterfly and the body of a woman with green skin and purple eyes. She wore a breast strap and loincloth. The Pixie smiled and waved. In a crystal clear voice as if someone made of glass could sing the Pixie said “Kanade! Hello girlfriend! I was getting worried. You’re late. Did you run into trouble again?”
“Good day, Floa. My day has never been so interestin’ before, but I do not have time to chat. I carry a little over twenty thousand. The first group goes to the Realm of Peace, second to Fields of Rest, third belong to Endless Gardens and the last batch go to Torment.”
“Torment?” Floa’s face scrunched up like she smelled rotting eggs. “Let me guess, terrorists from Earth again?”
“Nope, rapists and pedophiles from China. Two hundred and sixty eight of them. Eleven from America and two from Zimbabwe.” Kanade shivered and her feathers fluffed just thinking about it.
“Two thousand years isn’t long enough for the likes of those humans.” Floa commented. Her wings fluttered as she flew up to an open space in the open heart of the room and slapped her hands together to open a space for the souls to cross to their reward.
Ethan watched as the little person created a portal to a place where clouds and vast blue skies stretched endlessly and souls of all different sizes and colors danced around one another, seeming to enjoy themselves. The opening filled him with the feeling of release and contentment, a place where he could kick back and enjoy graphic novels and games for all eternity.
He then looked closely as Kanade’s lovely eyes closed and was shocked when they opened were glowing an iridescent blue, lighter of color than her hair and wings. Her moistened ruby lips pursed some as she blew out a torrent of white/blue smoke, but as she blew, souls formed burning light blue balls and floated with clear sense of direction to their new home. Still she blew first one, then dozens then hundreds at the same time as more essence left her body. She did this for two entire minutes, not taking a breath as it seemed this world didn’t require that function.
Blue light in her eyes returned to gold as the first release was another success. The last orb souls entered their new home and Floa closed the gateway to open a second.
This window was filled with flowers and waterfalls in the distance. It was by far the most beautiful land he had ever seen before. This space made Ethan feel true comfort without a single dangerous threat. A place of beauty. It had been aptly named Fields of Rest. Kanade, like moments earlier, spilled out more souls which headed straight forward, bouncing up and down as if dangling from a string. Each made way for that place, earning it for a hard life of work.
The third proved to be close to the second portal, but with much more trees and animals bouncing around with birds singing. That one was especially hard to not go to and spend eternity. Floa clapped her hands as the last spirit crossed.
Torment was an experience worse than anything that had happened to him all day. The Torment entrance led to a place of heat so strong it made Ethan understand this place was a true Hell. Much was red and black, giving off pain, misery and torture. Screams from other souls filled the stadium room, making all conversations pause. Dread and wanting to flee the portal opening doused him, but the horror of it all gripped him still.
When Kanade this time released the departed individuals, the newly formed souls seemed to realize just where they were headed and tried to turn tail and escape, but black chains shot out and encircled the balls as fast as Kanade released them. None escaped Torment. The chains drug the wicked souls in.
But then Ethan screamed as the worst searing and intense pain in his life shot up his leg and was irresistible to block or overcome. It was a blood curdling scream that couldn’t be matched if ever he tried. There was an immense jerk which snapped his legs out from under him. His head made an impact with the ground so hard it would have cracked his skull and killed him if not for already being dead. But the impact made stars appear and being dazed made it easier for the dark chains of torture and pain to drag him under the desk.
Fear the likes not even an Enforcer could deliver shot through Kanade, hearing his scream. Everything stopped for her as she saw him being grabbed. “NO!” she shrieked and vaulted over the long circular desk to grab him. She reached him about halfway to the opening and tried pulling him back. Her heels couldn’t find purchase on the slick floor as both were being pulled in now. Her wings began flapping with all they could. Realizing all she could do is slow it down she yelled “Floa, close the gate. NOW!!!”
The Pixie stared in complete shock at what was happening before her. She recognized the absolute terror of her friend and the futile struggle. The scream for help snapped her out of it. She clapped her hands, but nothing happened. “Kanade, it won’t close!” Her own scared voice rose to even those in the back. “The chain! It won’t close till it claims its target…”
Up on top of the building the Enforcer heard the terrified screams and could effortlessly distinguish those from Torment. And the fear of losing someone important called to him for aid. He stood and felt the need for his assistance and drew upon his power to move instantly and reappear in the heart of the building. The room was entirely still from shock and screaming had him turn around. A Spirit Guide struggled in vain to pull another from Torment’s grasp. His powerful voice passed through his burning helmet. “What is this disturbance!”
Kanade yelled when she saw him “Enforcer, cut the chains!”
“I will not!” he responded as his anger made his helmet burn hotter.
“Fate himself calls for this soul! He is not to be taken to Torment!” She yelled as she pulled with all she had and he could see her desperation. But then he heard the human man’s scream. The ancient warrior of Order could hear and feel that this one’s sins weren’t slated for Torment. He felt it was an unjust claim.
Acting instantly, the Enforcer drew his sword and brought its brilliant light edge down with a mighty force that shook the entire building. Sparks flew as the severed chain was sucked back. “Close it before another comes to claim this soul!” he ordered.
Floa clapped and instantly Torment’s opening, closed.
Without the connection to Torment the chain that wrapped around Ethan’s ankles and legs went slack and disappeared like burned off fog. Kanade fell back, holding him to her chest and in her lap, her chest heaving from effort though it wasn’t necessary, but instinctive. Her hot tears of relief barely resisted spilling. But her relief wasn’t long.
A strong hand grabbed her jaw painfully and pulled it up to stare into the eyes of an angry Enforcer. “Explain, Kanade. What is the meaning of this? Why have you brought a soul who Fate requires, in here?”
“Take your hands off of her.” Ethan demanded coolly as a growl rumbled in his chest. He then quickly recovered and grabbed the Enforcer’s wrist when he could see the pain in her eyes. He stood and the old warrior glared at the human, but instead of fear, the human glared right back with the promise of danger written in his fixed grey eyes. The grip wasn’t painful as humans weren’t strong to begin with, but something in those grey eyes flickered for a moment as heat warmed the Enforcers wrist where he was held. The overly muscled Enforcer released his hold on the Spirit Guide and the moment he did, so did the human. “Thanks Kanade. You alright?”
The warrior sheathed his sword and snapped his fingers for a light lance to reform in his hand as he stood tall and waited. Kanade looked between Ethan and the Enforcer to reply “More afraid for your sake, Ethan. I didn’t think bringin’ you here would be so dangerous. You recovered quickly.” She knelt and looked him over. “Good, your form hasn’t changed.” She then stood and bowed to the warrior. “And I thank you for savin’ him. I’ve forgotten only your blade can sever the chains. I hoped being behind the desk would protect him.”
“Foolish child!” he billowed and the entire room cringed. “He should have waited outside! I’m surprised he didn’t willingly walk straight into the other realms of Spirit World. His willpower is impressive to resist, but Torment claims all nearby souls other than ours and only the Pixies can easily open the sealed realms. The chains do not distinguish. Kanade, there is a reason only the most vile souls are released last! It doesn’t differentiate like we can. We do this in a building for a reason, it protects all souls outside from Torment’s shackles. The desks are merely meant for the Pixies to flit around in open air so they have room to open the gateways… wait, what is that I feel?” he stepped closer and looked down upon her. “Open yourself!” she hesitated for just a moment, but none could resist one such as he. She allowed his power in. “So I see.” He stepped back and mumbled. “No wonder your fear reached out to me so strongly. This cannot be…”
“Uh, Muscles, you’re mumbling.” The Enforcer jerked his head to Ethan’s calm form.
“Kanade, speak to Fate of what you hide.” He ignored the human’s attempt at levity. “If I learn you did not, I will personally throw you in Torment myself. Leave my sight immediately, others need to release the souls. I will allow ten minutes to recover your wits and two to reach Lord Fate. Be gone.” Then he disappeared to return to lounging on the roof.
Ethan looked at her shell-shocked expression and cleared his throat. It echoed throughout the room. “Come on… ah, Floa right?” he looked up at the tiny green woman with great sex appeal with colorful butterfly wings. She nodded. “Take a break, I think Kanade will need the help of a friend.”
“Good idea, Human!” she flitted down to land on Kanade’s shoulder and tugged on her ear and spoke into it. “Girlfriend, we need to leave the sacred floor.”
She snapped out of it when she felt the pleasant sensation of Ethan grabbing her hand and pulling her forward. She bent to crawl under the table while Ethan had to just bend in half and as they straightened, the crowd of Spirit Guides parted to make a clear path to the nearest exit. He didn’t hold her hand, but they did walk out side by side. The two of them looked down mostly as every eye watched them critically and the oppressive silence was worse than all the earlier noise.
As soon as they stepped out onto the grass the chatter inside doubled to its previous level about it all. But before Kanade could say anything, Ethan stepped away and walked over to a tree all on his own and sat. Her emotions were at war, but she could not force herself to move and console him. She knew he wasn’t as calm as he projected himself, nor that she read his mind.
“Girlfriend, what in Spirit World were you thinking!?” Kanade cringed as Floa beat her fists against her cheek, but lacked the strength for it to hurt. Pixies weren’t known for physical strength. Biting on the other hand. “Bringing an innocent soul for Torment to take. Bah, you should know better… Especially one with a body. How could you do that? Do you know what an honor it is to keep a whole body?”
This prompted the question “Wait, you know why he isn’t like other spirits?”
“You mean you don’t?” The Pixie asked in total seriousness and flapped her wings to hover in front of the Spirit Guide’s face. Kanade shook her head and her tiny friend let out a ringing laugh that was contagious. Despite what recently occurred the larger woman smiled. “Oh, Kanade, in my whole existence do I remember just two others like him.” She pointed to Ethan as he pulled up his pant legs to see if those agonizing chains left a mark, but nothing lingered other than the intense pain seared into his mind. She could see it in his eyes. “You need to go stand before ‘Him’” Floa quoted with her fingers as she learned from the human world. “and listen to what is said. You’ve cause more than enough trouble here and things need to settle. I don’t know what is going on, but it is important, more than your feelings for the human.”
“But I…”
Floa used both tiny hand to shut Kanade’s lips. “Don’t bother lying to me Kanade. Even if I didn’t know you before even your mamma and daddy hatched and became mated to have you and I didn’t just watch you grow up on Earth, you cannot lie to my kind. Your pumping so much power out I can taste it, literally. You know of what I speak!” That cute green face flew up and stared in one molten gold eye. “I first thought you were just in a hurry to meet one you fancied, but your reaction to that human a moment ago just sealed your life. No Spirit Guide would dare cross our desk for a soul. Not even you. The Enforce is correct, you need to speak with Fate.”
“Why him and not my parents?” she asked, breathless.
“My sweet little girl… oh don’t patronize me, I know what I said is ironic.” Floa laughed when she realized the size of the pun. “Fate will explain and know how to handle such a delicate matter. He will help you understand. Not even I can give advice in this matter. Good, you’re looking better, go take the boy to ‘Him’ and learn his plan well. And if he allows it, find me and spill everything.” She nodded and Floa flew close to give a kiss on the cheek. “I love you, Girlfriend. Remember that always and if you ever scare me like that again I’ll poke you in the eye.”
Kanade smiled and blew her friend a kiss who then flew back inside. She approached Ethan who stood when she was done and met her half way. “How ya feelin’?”
“Just give it to me straight, are there any other dangers left? How much worse can my life get today? Seriously, I was nearly dragged to the embodiment of Hell for the next two thousand years. I’m barely holding onto my sanity by a thread, Kanade.” He answered truthfully.
“I promise there is no more danger I’m aware of. We are goin’ straight to the head honcho. There, we’ll get answers. I ask you to trust me once more.”
She didn’t expect him to chuckle. “Strangely enough I believe you, but what did that feathered hot head do to you that made you so uncomfortable?”
“Ethan, I really would rather not speak of that particular experience. It was worse than containin’ the vile souls I delivered.”
“Alright, it really isn’t any of my business now is it… Let’s go, Muscles is watching.” She looked up and saw what he did. The Enforcer aimed his lance to go immediately. The ten minutes were over.
Hating the circumstances and misunderstanding, but wanting to touch him again she held him to her side as before, using some power to keep him safe and nearer. She took off, heading to where Fate waited. During the short flight he asked a reasonable question and she explained that Floa was a Pixie, masters of gateway travel.

It was an amazing experience at how fast Kanade could fly, even gliding, Ethan felt. He held on tightly as before, but his attention focused ahead for he spotted the second building among what could only be a forest of gold. Gold leaf trees grew as far as the eye could see, but aside from the stadium he was almost snatched away to hell, this one was a palace of sparkling ice. It was shaped like a medieval castle, but the closer they got the more puny Ethan felt. But the scale was immense, making it larger than any mountain he had ever seen. This castle alone would make any Appalachian mountain seem a dwarf. He’d only seen the majestic mountains for family reunions, but Florida didn’t have mountains and he certainly wasn’t there.
Nothing on Earth built by mortal hands could ever fathom such a creation.
But as they glided directly to the castle he found it wasn’t made of glistening ice. It was made of glass or some form of crystal. Grand works of engineering must have went into it. He figured. But unlike the last building there weren’t any Spirit Guides flying anywhere near it. Enforcers though patrolled from up high where they were barely specks of sand in the atmosphere.
Facing them was by far the largest entrance that he had ever witnessed. A small mountain could easily fit through it. Despite its beauty he figured it to be void of life as it was too beautiful to be real and could only be a painting.
He was proven wrong.
“Ethan, this is Spirit World’s palace.” He heard Kanade say reverently as she angled forward.
She landed in another soft patch of grass about a mile away and he pointed forward when he noticed movement at the entrance. Thousands of humans walked around, at least he figured they were. “Hey Kanade, why is the palace so freaking big? Why don’t you fly us inside? There is plenty of room and I thought I was the only human walking with a body.”
The Spirit Guide shook her head slowly. “In order of those questions… let’s see how to answer so you can understand… hmm… Well it is so large because when Spirit King takes a physical appearance, he is so large that the entrance will allow him in. I’ve never seen the great one, but that is what I’m told. The palace belongs to Fate, but is large should his father physically visit. As to flyin’inside, it is forbidden to all except Enforcers on duty. We must walk forth from here unless I’m told otherwise. We cannot ruin the sanctity of the palace or face severe punishment.” She set a quick pace which made him jog again. Her voice was too lovely to miss anything and if a jog was the price, he’d pay it. “And you’re mistaken, those are not human souls. They are Ogres, Fate’s aids and administrators of Order.”
“Ogres, as in giant creatures who grind your bones into bread kind of Ogres?”
She put a hand over her mouth to stifle a laugh. “Silly Ethan. Not all creatures are as they are portrayed. Not all is as they appear.” She smiled knowingly.
Nothing more was said as they hurried and soon he found out what an Ogre is. They seemed men and women from distance, but up close they were human in height, but all had light blue skin and protruding from their forehead was a small spiral, ivory horn of about three to four inches in length. Men had shoulders almost double that of human width and wore simple pants while women sported flattering dresses and were fairly normal, not having large shoulders and torso. Most males had long silver hair braided down their back while females had black hair and left it loose. Like everyone else he’d seen so far in Spirit World, none had any excess girth. Ethan felt like a hippo around them though he was just husky. Men were all heavily muscled and women had fit yet sensual figures. The Ogres all seemed to be in a hurry, carrying stacks of paper, envelopes and all sorts of office materials.
“I’m surprised you are taking all this so well.” She commented while the Ogres were too busy to stare at them.
Again he shrugged. “Seeing is believing, Kanade. I cannot lie to myself… besides, I’m learning more today than I ever hoped. I always wished there was more to life and here I find demons, winged beauties, Pixies and now Ogres exist. I love D&D and always wished things were different. I’m kind of a nerd and seeing all this makes me feel like my childhood wasn’t entirely wasted. It feels like I’m on an adventure I dreamed of having. I might be having a horrible day, but the little things are worth it. Since we got a few minutes before we reach the palace, what other creatures are there?”
She smiled beautifully and her gold eyes were back to being merry. “I would, but I get the feeling someone else would be more qualified to explain. If there is time and your questions aren’t fulfilled, I’ll do what I can. For now, you should run. I’m in trouble enough as it is and many don’t have great patience. I’ve monopolized you too long already. I’m sorry.”
“Don’t be! You’re awesome. No one else had even reacted when I was grabbed. If anything I owe you twice. First from getting me from the demons and second from getting sucked in by chains that really hurt.” He shot her a smile before running as hard as he could. He didn’t like how his body moved in front of her, but there wasn’t a choice as he knew that no matter how much he too enjoyed her company, he wouldn’t put her in any more trouble.
For Kanade, it was little more than an advanced jog to run beside him. She couldn’t help her eyes from wandering down to him and admiring his determination despite all that has occurred.
Ogres started to notice them as they hurried, but since their own duties were more important, they didn’t pay attention for long. Besides, none would be allowed in except on official business.
In another minute of flat out running they reached the entrance where they found an Ogre wearing glasses behind a desk. His blue skin shone almost as impeccably as his grander horn of eight inches. He stopped writing as two approached and the Spirit Guide spoke in a calm voice “This is Ethan Volorum, here to see Lord Fate.”
“As, so this is he.” Came an inhumanly deep voice. Ethan saw that the Ogre had human like teeth, but the canines were slightly longer. Their eyes met and a kind fatherly smile appeared on the powerful Ogre’s blue lips. “Fate is awaiting your arrival. Remember to show respect to him and listen to all he says.” He looked up into the Guide’s pure gold eyes. “Ms. Kanade Cerulean, Fate grants permission to fly to his office immediately. His offer is time sensitive. The longer he waits the worse Ethan’s position becomes.”
“You heard the man.” Ethan looked up and smiled, glad to get yet another chance to fly with her.
“Thank you for permission, Head Administrator.” She bowed respectfully and received a warm smile from the shirtless Ogre. Feeling obliged, Ethan also bent in respect. “Ready?” she asked Ethan. He nodded.
As she flew him through the crystal palace he was in awe of every facet of the journey. Lush velvet carpeting lay across an expansive hall miles wide and from flying one could see a diamond pattern of indigo and gold and it made him feel that the Spirit King would be one who inspired fear and awe if only he could see the carpet’s tasteful pattern. Even if they had walked like the thousands of Ogres, he wouldn’t have noticed the pattern that could be walked on. On the walls hung rich tapestry depicting lifelike scenes of ancient battles and majestic scenes. Some were of humans wielding lances and swords against fearsome monsters while there were other creatures he’d never seen before. One thing all the tapestries had in common were opposing sides of good and evil battling. Of all the creatures, he knew there was more than he would ever comprehend. Kanade though flew quickly as her task to hurry pushed her to reach the destination in a timely manner.
Then one such giant hanging wall tapestry captured his full attention. There were five Enforcers circled around what could only be described as a demon of great and awesome power. This demon stood above even the awesome height of the angelic warriors with blazing helmets. He was a being wrapped in red and violet fire. Giant, bat-like red wings were fully outstretched from his back. His skin was of alabaster and hair as red as blood fell down his back in a long braid. A short beard matched the flowing crimson braid and if ever Ethan ever found a man with a beard handsome, that guy had it in spades. Instead of fingernails were curved claws like that of a tiger’s. Muscles were impossibly defined and made even the Enforcers look puny. But instead of feet, the demon had hooves like a goat and black pants. A set of horns twisted from his temples and bent back like a gazelle’s, but along the topside length were spikes meant to gore. The horns melded at the back and created a natural crown surrounded in crimson flames that didn’t obscure an unlined brow. But it was the face of the demon that was inspiring. He wasn’t gruesome. He was impossibly beautiful for a man. Thought the only disconcerting aspect were catlike eyes that were as crimson as his hair and were filled with cruel mirth.
“I know your busy and all, Kanade, but who is that depicted? The demon.”
Her golden eyes looked and he felt her shutter. “We speak not his name. Just know he is a powerful great demon lord, more powerful than can be measured by anyone. Be thankful he resides in demon world and cannot harm any on Earth or in Spirit World.”
“Is he that bad?” The look she gave him was answer enough. Changing the subject he asked “I got the feeling you’ve never been here. That few ever have. Do you know where we are going?”
Her wings flapped, beating against his back to go higher. “Of course I’ve been here before, all Spirit Guides do. As a child we learn about the palace’s importance and the vital function it serves. Without it, Chaos will run unchecked. Now hold me tightly, we’re going up.”
Turning in the wind, Kanade angled to a vast hole create by a stairwell spiraling high into the building. She angled to the center and flapped hard, shooting straight up. The power of her wings left him speechless, but he held tight and above were the two suns that allowed light to fill the whole building. A minute later Ethan felt that if he were human he would have suffered hypoxia if not for his lifeless condition, but as she reached the top floor she flew straight down another hall with purpose.
This expanse of crystal was almost as green as flawless emerald. The floor was carpeted a dark blue with silver trim and lined the entire way. Ahead, about three miles, stood a door only a giant could open. It was made of what looked like oak, just more grand than any tree could ever become. Kanade flew straight at it.
Then she slowed down and landed several feet from the center and sat her passenger down. Kanade patted down her shimmering blue hair and fluffed her wings. She fixed her top while keeping her back to Ethan so he couldn’t see what she was doing and checked the crossing over her taut abdomen before straightening her snug gold pants. Lastly she checked her heels remained unmarked.
Hint taken about meeting someone of great importance, Ethan tucked in his white shirt in his blue jeans and retied his shoes. When he stood Kanade knelt in front of him and ran her fingers through his hair. “The wind tussled you hair. Let me tame it some.” He held still, but then she realized she longed to do that in the short time they’d become friends that she couldn’t resist enjoying the sensation while doing as she said and correcting his appearance. “There, that will have to do.” And she stood again.
Both took a deep breath and she knocked on the door.
Ethan knew there wasn’t a single way to open such a set of doors. The logistics alone would be impossible for anything less than a being with the strength of an entire mountain would even budge it. Nothing man ever created could even open it a crack.
A soft hum grew in the air and they watched as a thin white light made a line ten feet off the ground, horizontally, and dropped straight to the carpet after five feet. Then the natural joint of the gargantuan doors began to swing open on one side, but only where the line of light permitted.
A smaller doorway opened soundlessly for even Kanade to walk in. She led the way and Ethan followed. They entered a room where a mountain could reside, but in the air floated soothing music in a language Ethan had never heard before, but whatever was being said was beautiful and the musical instrument could only be played by a harp. The room was warm with light and sparkled from giant gemstones, but as he looked at them he noticed billions upon billions of faces moving around soundlessly. But from such a distance and as the faces filled the walls of the room, not all could be distinguished. As he stared at the walls he began to notice the pictures weren’t still, but alive and moving like a TV of a person’s life. Ahead was a pair of huge chairs two monolithic beings could sit in, but were currently empty.
“Hey Kanade, I think Fate isn’t here. Look, the giant seats are empty. No one other than us are in here.” He pointed as she too was in awe of the room.
“Really? Actually, you two aren’t alone.”
Spinning around came the entirely unexpected of anything ever assumed in Ethan’s entire life. A teenager stood leaning against the giant’s double door wearing a black business suit of the highest quality. He seemed entirely at ease as he looked at the two before him. He appeared like an All-American football player in middle school. Blonde hair, blue eyes and a complexion without acne emphasized his handsome outlook.
Recovering quickly to the boy’s appearance Ethan said “Uh, sorry, Kid, I’m supposed to be here to meet Fate. He wants us for something important. Do you know where the big guy is?”
The boy smirked.
“Ethan!” Kanade hissed through her teeth in a hushing only he could hear and he turned to see her kneeling deeply in the carpet. Her golden eyes met his grey and she said quietly “That is Lord Fate. Kneel quickly before you bring dishonor to yourself and upset him.”
“Oh shit!” Ethan yelped in surprise and bowed awkwardly before kneeling. “Uh, sorry kid… I… I mean Fate. I expected someone huge to fit in the chair or open the door. I’m sorry, for the assumption.”
Fate smiled as the two looked down. “That is quite alright. You may both stand.” Both quickly obliged. Kanade barely looked his way as Ethan’s curiosity was too much to ignore. “Ethan, I rarely assume my true form for I do not like to step on my workers. It wouldn’t kill them, but it would hurt… a lot.” He snapped his fingers and suddenly there was an astounding mahogany desk with a high backed leather chair along with two more in front of it. It appeared out of nowhere. He pushed himself off the door and gestured “Please, sit. You’ve certainly had an interesting day.” Fate took his seat in the leather and laid his long arms on top the desk.
Hearing the underlying order, Kanade took the larger chair and Ethan the other.
“Your confusion is only natural, for both of you, I imagine. I know, Ethan, you find a human with my looks hard to take seriously, but I am older than Earth itself. Try to keep an open mind.” Fate began.
“I am pretty good in that department. I haven’t gone wacko yet. Seeing a kid who can fit presumably in that” He threw a thumb in the larger chairs direction. “isn’t as much a stretch as the past hour of my life.”
The deceptively looking boy grinned. It was then that Ethan noticed this wasn’t a mere boy for Fate’s eyes lit with power and the way he carried himself wasn’t like the gangly uncertainty of youth. “That is quite possibly the greatest truth I’ve ever heard in all my years. Since I’m a busy man and there are things I need to get back to I will be straight with you and get to the point.”
Leaning forward, Ethan said “I’m all ears.”
“How would you like to live again?”





Chapter 3

“Uh, come again?” Ethan replied.
Kanade gasped as she heard the offer and stared with an open mouth.
Fate leaned back in his chair for some added comfort and he propped his elbows on the armrest. “I do not believe I stuttered. I’m offering you another mortal life.”
“Alright, now I’m completely lost. Fate, can you explain more clearly what you want. I’m not sure I want to die again if that is what you’re getting at.”
“I guess your ignorance is to be expected. At least I know the plan still works. Very well, I shall explain.” Fate placed a hand over his sternum where a classic black tie draped beneath his jacket. “I am in a bit of a conundrum as of late. I’m unsure all of what young Kanade here has explained,” he then gestured in her breathtaking direction as she remained stunned. “but if I repeat anything, do not interrupt me till I’m finished.
“Since the moment my father, Spirit King, sprung from the womb of Chaos, there has been a great and endless conflict. Chaos feeds on life, but destroys it. My father chose to instill Order and a way to protect the universe from being utterly consumed in darkness. Spirit World was made to save the souls of the dead and use the power of souls to keep life flourishing. The power of a soul from an ant holds the strength of a nuclear reactor, I guess would be an analogy you can understand.” He saw the human accept it with a nod. “So long as a soul survives their power continues life on the material world indefinitely. But for demon world, souls that are consumed feed the individual demon’s own hunger for more power and prestige.
“When my father made me, I took on the task of guiding…”
“Sorry to interrupt, but it’s been bothering me ever since Kanade told me about destiny, what about free will? Is that all an illusion? Do you dictate how a person will live and they have no choice except to play this little game?”
The calm outburst only made Fate smile and Kanade shifted uncomfortably. “You were tasked to die in fifty three years, but here you sit before me, no?” This time Fate laughed at Ethan’s open expression. “I will get back to what you speak of quite soon… When I was born, I knew my calling and do what I can. As Fate, I give each individual a path with which to follow, for I am a being of Order. My task is to maintain a person’s destiny so they reach Spirit World properly.
“Denizens of Chaos though have no reason to conform and my power cannot foresee anything they are likely to do. We of Order are forever at war with Chaos for we are two sides of the same coin. We build and maintain. They rot and destroy. Humans call it good against evil or light verses darkness. It all means the same, but Order and Chaos is a more apt description of our sides and beliefs.
“When a mortal body dies, and their spirit is released, those like Kanade and other Spirit Guides fly all over Earth and other soul rich worlds and suck up their immortal soul before any demons can consume them. Most demons feed off a living creature’s emotions, but should they see a soul, it is fair game. And I know all about your problem in the dome earlier so I needn’t the explanation. This is where I can answer your question.” Fate promised. “Yes, I draft every individual’s life from the moment of conception, from humans, all the way down to the tiniest microscopic organisms. All living things have a soul, but plants are easier to draft. Humans are by far the most complex, but the power of their soul is stronger than any other. The life force of one human is like a sun to the speck of dust is for an ant.
“Spirit Guides collect each soul that I’ve given them orders to collect. They must be quick, as they are. Things die all the time and only their kind can safely carry an innumerable amount of souls. But I have them take turns so they do not overextend themselves and make a mistake where a demon can capture them and eat the souls by torture. Since only Enforcers can fight, Spirit Guides cannot harm a demon and are released to go claim more spirits.
“This is why I make a person’s destiny, so my Spirit Guides can get to each soul as swiftly as possible. I merely create a guideline for each person. Humans are all born good and pure, but in time and with each new experience they change. Some for better or worse. What the person does is influenced constantly by my evolving estimation. Yes, human’s have free will, but routine and habit are hard to break. Each experience defines that person and shapes them. The stronger the experience, the more powerful the soul becomes. But because free will remains, the evils of Chaos’ influence corrupts the soul. Because there is choice, if the individual chooses a darker path, their final destination as a soul is selected. The worse souls go directly to Torment on average of two millennia, some earn more time some less depending on my mood or my father’s. There are more realms for a soul to earn a place forever than you can imagine, but Spirit Guides consume a specific list and release in larger numbers so the specific souls that are grouped, all go to the same place. They usually take in souls tasked for three or four specific realms. It simplifies things and they don’t need to worry which goes where, when they return here. But souls I’ve tasked with more vile destinies can change. In fact I welcome it, but demons can sense those of the darker destinations and stay close to make sure they remain corrupted.” Fate ran his fingers through his blonde hair. “I will not bore you with all the complexities as time remains short.
“I try to get as many humans to old age as I can because their life experiences make their soul’s power greater, but to continue making the human soul as powerful as I can, bad things must happen. Order is all about balance. That is why there are good and bad days for everyone. It is same for people.”
“Must suck a sour lemon to be the one to determine such things.”
“Indeed. I’m glad you can see that.” Fate sighed deeply. “It is a thankless job, but is better than the alternative, allowing Chaos free reign… Back to what I was explaining… Demons are all over the mortal worlds, always hungry to destroy, feed and get stronger. They blur my path to push it to a better tomorrow. My powers to determine who lives and dies is difficult to deviate from, but you completely went off course today.”
“I did? How?” He asked with concern.
“You took all I estimated of your life’s experiences and patterns and threw it all away without realizing it. It is by far the rarest probability to break the path I set for you. Today with Rachiel, you were supposed to be frightened and locked in place, something opposite of your background. You would have went home, sold all your belongings and later become a recluse up in the Alaskan Klondike for the remainder of your days. Such a change to my plan in any human happens only two or three times a year, but” Fate held up a finger “to die so unexpectedly without a nearby demon’s influence is even rarer. When you died there wasn’t a demon for over five miles. Your death went beyond expectation and is so atypical that in all of human history, there have been sixty two who became like yourself. Out of the trillions upon trillions of human souls, only sixty two have done as you.
“Because of your severely unexpected death, you retain form of your original body.” He stated directly. “Kanade is too young to realize such importance of a soul like yours. It was why she couldn’t bring you into herself. She listened to me and brought you here because even the demons were caught unaware of your death… It is a misconception, Kanade, that souls must be inside you. When I entered your mind I could feel your indecision. Souls can travel safely to Spirit World, but you cannot hold so many in your hand is why you were taught to inhale them.”
“Oh.” She blushed when he knew what was likely coming next.
“Now here is where my offer for new life comes in.” Ethan leaned forward. “As you’ve seen in the news, bad things are getting steadily worse in the mortal realm. School shootings, famine, war over useless religions, power hungry officials oppressing keeping the lower classes from being equal. Mothers drowning their own babies, abusive parents, unsolved murders, rampant drug use… I could go on but I bet you can guess where I’m leading this conversation.”
Ethan closed his eyes slowly and then opened them. “Let me get this straight, you say you embody Order and Chaos is destruction?” Fate nodded. “Bad things happen, but you are insinuating that demons are behind the most horrific problems back home?” Another patient nod came. “And if the world is so bad and getting worse… does that mean Chaos is growing?”
“Exactly.” Fate stated with certainty. “Order is losing the battle bit by bit on Earth. There is no way to win decisively. Both Order and Chaos are too powerful for such notions to be decided, Ethan. Too much Order is just as bad as it is for Chaos. Nothing grows if not for Chaos’ function for change. Change is inevitable. Chaos doesn’t care though, as the name implies, but a cataclysm is bound to happen if something isn’t done soon.
“What you’ve never seen is the war on the mortal realm between the denizens of Chaos and the integrity of Order.”
“You want to enlist me?” Ethan asked as the explanation on how bad things are started making sense.
Fate slapped his hands against the desk, making his two guests jump. He smiled. “That’s it exactly! I need more within the mortal ream’s Order to hold Chaos at bay. I have many warriors, but compared to Chaos’ numbers… well we’re barely keeping things afloat.”
“But why me? Surely you can bring the dead back if you offer me the same choice. I’m not a fighter.”
“In that you are mistaken.” Fate cleared in seriousness, his blue eyes held grey. “You went against my plan for you without a demon’s involvement. It proves you are more dangerous than any Enforcer or warrior of Order. You, my dear boy, are unpredictable.”
“Lord Fate, you tread on Chaos’ corruption. To send Ethan back as you say is against all we of Order represent.” Kanade couldn’t contain her thoughts and when she was done and realized what she said she slapped her hands over her mouth. “Sorry, forgive my outburst.”
“Kanade,” Fate spoke softly and sounded odd that such words of wisdom came from the mouth of a being in the form of a teen. “in any other situation I would agree. But my proposal isn’t heresy. Chaos knows my warriors on the mortal world too well. I need someone who can be just as unpredictable as they are if we are to have any chance. There is a saying I feel is prudent, one quite common. To make an omelet you need to first break the eggs. I need someone raw and messy to make something good benefit the continuation of all life.” He looked to Ethan. “I need an answer. I need to have it so I can make you an exact copy of your body before it rots. I need it in five minutes or it will be too late.”
“Seriously? Five minutes!?” The soul barely controlled his anger. “My life in the past few hours has been freaking impossible. You should know what I went though if you’ve been watching. Why would I want to go back? I’ve got nothing there. I’m already dead! Why should I accept? More misery and pain. Who would say yes?”
“Seems I missed the point apparently and Kanade failed to mention it…” Ethan’s eyes narrowed between both figures. “Your path would have sent you to Nothingness. Purgatory if you will. You would have given up on others because they gave up on you. Your reward was to float alone in an endless void. The only company would have been your thoughts when you would have died and will eventually go mad.” Fate stood up and walked around the desk to lean against its front to drive the point home. “As it stands, should you refuse my offer, you will be taken directly to Nothingness and thrown in. You would never see your departed family or ancestors. You would forever be alone.”
Horrified even beyond getting drug into Torment he turned to Kanade and asked in a whisper “Why didn’t you tell me?”
The words stung like actual blows and she flinched before looking down to her fidgeting hands. In a small voice she said “I knew, but when I found out what you did for Rachiel… well, I wanted you to know you found a friend at the last moment in me… in Nothingness. It is a cruel realm of solitude, worse than Torment. At least after a sentence of two thousand or so years you get judged to either return to pain or found your soul learned its lesson and released to another realm. Once in Nothingness, only the Spirit King has the power to pull you out…”
“And my father has done that only twice since he became.” Fate finished.
Head in his hands, this news was painful and he barely held on. In a humble voice he couldn’t look at her, but he said “That is more kindness than I’ve had in a long time, Kanade. Thank you, Friend.” From the corner of his eye he saw her wipe a tear before it could fall, but he looked to Fate. “I’ll do it. If I can avoid being alone for eternity, I’ll be your newest pawn.”
The ancient entity smiled. “Again, you do not understand my generosity, Ethan. What I’m going to do is relinquish my control over your entire life.” Kanade gasped so loudly that it echoed seconds later from the giant room. “When I give you your body, your next death will be determined by your deeds from here on. My influence will be taken away. You will not be my pawn anymore.”
“I’m sure one day I’ll understand. But if my time is ticking away, what do I need to do?”
Fate pulled a beautiful blue rose out of thin air. Even Ethan knew a blue rose was a myth, but he could see it. “This is the Blue Rose of Truth. When you take this, it will imprint on your very soul. It will be the catalyst necessary to create your new body back on Earth.”
“Why not fix the old one?” Ethan stood, mesmerized by the flower.
“Because not only was the damage too severe, I need to know what kind of latent power our body has so you aren’t just easy pickings for some random denizen.” In his other hand appeared a clear crystal ball. “This will tell me and the rose just what power you are compatible with. Since your spiritual power didn’t manifest in your first life, activating the wrong ability would kill you. Simply place your hand on top.”
Doing as instructed, Ethan tentatively touched the cool ball and watched as it began to glow and grow warm. With a flash that dimmed there flickered a cheery flame burning within. Not understanding the reason but enjoying how it felt to see something he understood for once, he looked up and froze.
Shocked could not compare to the look Fate gave the orb with a burning flame in its heart. Kanade was just as dumbfounded as her entire expression was easy to figure out. Then just as suddenly the ancient teen laughed, frightening the other two occupants in the room. “Oh, this is entirely unexpected. We got an Elemental on our hands. Quickly, touch the rose before it can’t use your corpse to rebuild.”
Ethan picked up the rose and felt power come from it. It started to glow a lighter blue and his skin felt as if being touched. He could feel tendrils caressing his skin but couldn’t see anything and his clothes didn’t move either. When the foreign power fully encased every inch there was discomfort, but not pain as heat soaked deeper and deeper. The rose took a fully detailed analysis of his whole spirit, saving his heart for last. Then the feeling pulled away, getting sucked back into the blue rose.
Getting what it needed, the rose simply disappeared.
“What now?” He asked after noticing Fate returned to his desk and the crystal ball had likewise vanished.
“Now you wait for twenty four hours back on Earth. Do not fear, I will create a protective area that will hide your soul’s scent.” He then magically pulled out a golden egg, similar to a chicken. “You will take this and not let go. When it begins to vibrate it will return you to your body. If you lose it you die and get a one way ticket to Nothingness.”
As Ethan reached for it Kanade felt renewed fear, but she was silenced with a cold blue stare. She knew it wasn’t her place to say a word about what Ethan now held, but she felt Fate’s power bind her from speaking of the danger contained with the egg.
The human didn’t even notice the tense exchange going on while looking closely at the golden egg. When he had seen enough he stuffed it in a pocket. “Wait, it won’t break will it?”
“Not unless certain objectives are met will it hatch. Keep it in your pocket.”
“Oh, right, what was that look for and about being an Elemental?”
“Well, I’ll let Kanade explain about Spirit Energy and what it can do. But I believe Kanade needs to speak to me privately. Just wait outside for her. It was an interesting meeting, Ethan, and you’ve made my day. Farewell.”
“Uh, thanks for the second chance.” He bowed again and moved over to the door that started opening again. Before he left he saw Kanade smile softly and gave him a wink. New purpose filled him as he stepped out and watched the door shut.
“You will not breathe a word of what you know about what he holds, Kanade.”
“But sir, you just set him up to fail.” She finally spoke when Fate’s power receded from her.
Fate leveled his gaze and she could not hold it. “I have my reasons and will let my plan be revealed when the time is right. Only then. All I do is for the good of Order, Child.”
“But you are deceiving Ethan. That egg will…”
“SILENCE!” Fate demanded and she shook frightfully. When she didn’t move or meet his gaze he threaded his fingers together atop the desk. In a calmer tone he asked “And just what is your interest in that soul? Your actions are peculiar today, ever since you were called to get his soul. Kanade, you are one of the most promising Spirit Guides I’ve ever seen. A powerful caster in your own right. Your power is great and your abilities in magic are highly impressive, even among other Ceruleans. Your parents are proud and you do your tasks without upsetting or abusing Order. But then I get word you bring Ethan into the dome and risk your own being to keep him from Torment and require an Enforcer to cut the chains. Never has a Spirit Guide stepped into the sacred circle. There have been accidents where a soul was accidently brought to a wrong realm and the Enforcer corrected the mistake. I didn’t foresee any of this. Tell me directly.”
An uncomfortable minute passed as Fate felt her trying to grasp how to begin answering. “Sir, I do not understand what is wrong with me either. Floa says she can taste my power after we stepped out. Lord Fate, I feel trapped like a horse in a cat carrier surrounded by wolves. I find my emotions at war in a way that cannot be explained ever since I first hugged Ethan on Earth. The Enforcer seemed to know something when he entered his power in me. And each time Ethan touches me, even barely brushin’ against my wings, I feel all tingly like another’s power is touchin’, but unlike usual powers who make me feel violated, his touch is well… pleasant.” Kanade began to flush and fan her face with her hand. Still she could not look at him.
In a kind, fatherly tone Fate said “Kanade, look at me, child.” Slowly her bright red face lifted and her glittering skin seemed to shimmer even more. She was clearly unsettled from everything. “Few know this, but if you give me permission I can alter my power to feel more like your own. I will make it easier and less violating to tell you what is happening and give instruction. Your recent actions need answers to ease many others who think Chaos has touched you.”
“You have my consent.” She hastily said, needing answers more than anyone.
A new power mingled with hers and didn’t feel so alien. It was gentle and more controlled than any she ever felt before. The time it took was short and she watched Fate first seem calm then instantly his eyes bulged before he threw his head back and laughed. His voice echoed loudly thousands of times as he struggled to contain himself. He held his sides, but Kanade was growing concerned and moved to stand behind the chair he had created for her. The strangeness was disconcerting and Fate’s power could destroy her with a thought and his laughter almost hurt her ears. Whatever it was he found was hysterical. Finally he wiped tears of mirth from his eyes and said “I’m going to be looking forward to what is to come.
“Kanade, the reason you’re so absolutely confused is quite understandable and natural. It explains why you tried to save him and he faced an Enforcer for touching you and stood his ground even though he could have been destroyed… oh this changes everything. I think I made the right choice after all.” Fate shook from some unspoken joke.
“Sir?” She timidly asked.
Fate recovered and realized he had yet explained. He stood and walked around the desk. He snapped his fingers and the desk and chairs disappeared. He walked straight up to her and grew in height till they looked at each other eye to eye and took her hands in his own. In a deeper man’s voice Fate said “Kanade, if he had wings and power those born of Spirit World do, your confusion would be easier to understand, celebrated even. Ask yourself why your power has changed so that even a Pixie can taste it.” He smiled while his blue eyes shone with unquestionable and absolute power. “I do not know how this has happened for never has it occurred between a human, but Ethan is your soul mate.”
Power from Fate kept her from collapsing. Her eyes widened while her lips parted. “He’s mine? But how can…”
“I haven’t a clue. Somehow this escaped my notice. I’m not omnipotent like my father says, but for something like this to escape my observation is odd. A Spirit Guide and a human has never occurred before. I cannot see how this will end since I promised Ethan that his life will be written as he sees and it appears I’ll need to do the same for you too. From this point on, you must figure out how to proceed. You will only have one mate for the remainder of your existence and it seems he is yours. He is your angel, Child. Of this I am certain.”
“But he I…” she was baffled by such a revelation.
“Figure it out for yourself, that is my final judgment. But he is going to return to Earth. You are not permitted to speak of the egg and if he survives you will need to make a great choice. Him or remain as you are.” He then kissed both of her cheeks. “Leave me now and let me know your decision later. Just think of me and I’ll be listening.”
Bursting in a brilliant flash of light, Kanade found herself alone, but the mountainous room hummed with Fate’s power at work. Without his hold she dropped to her knees and wept.

What seemed a half hour later, Ethan looked up when there came the magical lines shooting through the mountainous door that opened merely a section. Out came Kanade with puffy, red rimmed eyes. He stood up quickly and returned the egg he had been playing with for entertainment to his pocket. “Was it that bad? What did he do?”
Startled to hear his voice, she looked down into those calm grey eyes and soaked him in. So this is my mate? She asked herself. As soon as she asked she knew it was true as she felt better and mentally kicked herself for crying for so long. Yes, I do not know anyone who could be better. He is so kind and little I could just eat him up. Kanade suddenly couldn’t help laughing at her pun, realizing what it was like for Floa and her sexual appetites. She knelt before him and placed her hands delicately on his wide shoulders. “All is well now, Ethan. My questions have been answered, but give me time to sort through them before asking. I’m to take you back to Earth now.”
“Oh, alright. It’s not really my place to butt in. New friendships are easy to screw up and as you probably read on that silver paper I do that too often. But can I ask some questions before you go to drop me off.”
“Don’t assume so much, Ethan.” She smiled so beautifully he expected his heart to start hammering. No heart left to pump blood. “I’m going to be by your side the whole time till you are called to get your new body back. I’ve wasted enough time, come over so we may leave.” She spread her wide wings.
He grinned and she found it endearing he could do so despite all that happened. “I’m beginning to like flying with you.”
“As do I enjoy the company.” She pulled him close and took off. Kanade made her decision the moment he touched her. She knew where her heart now belonged and in her mind she heard “Very well, Child.”

It took longer to fly out, but Kanade this time spoke of the huge tapestries of the great hall and of the most famous battles between Chaos and Order, but Ethan didn’t question her skipping of the great red demon who appeared a king in his own right. She didn’t spend long as she had to fly straight out, but the speed she left using was slower. Ethan really didn’t pay attention to the stories as he enjoyed her soft words and how great she felt against him.
As soon as she left the giant crystal palace he asked “Uh, Kanade, is it just me or is it still noon? The two suns are still overhead.”
She laughed. “Spirit World is always alight. And those aren’t suns, they are just a fragment of the Spirit King’s power. All the stars in the universe are part of him.”
“I thought stars were just giant balls of dust and gas.”
“That is what he is, in the material aspect. The warmth you feel is his power as he feeds and protects your world, like he does for the whole universe. I could explain all I know of the Spirit King for ten years and it still wouldn’t be enough to be comprehended in words… now hold on, were going back to the mortal realm.”
He held tight as she shot straight up into the sky and flew directly for the nearest portal to Earth. There was a painful wrenching feel again, but then it was over.
The aerial scene changed immediately from one of vast fields of grass, trees, clear lakes and one giant castle made of crystal and into a very familiar city that was dark as night settled in and streetlights and other buildings were all on. It wasn’t of space. Must have used a different portal. His hearing picked up honking from the I-4 interstate was gridlocked… again.
“Back to Orlando, huh?” he asked as she landed to the street he was run over on. “Why on earth would I need to come back here?”
She eased him down with a wry smile. “It was fitting really, we met here after all.” Kanade looked at the darkness. “Fate chose this place for you to stay till your physical body is finished and you live again. This whole area within a half mile is magically protected from demons. So long as they do not drive down this street and see us, we will be safe and them oblivious. I would sense them before they get close so we are safe.”
“Hold on, demons drive?” He asked as he watched her sit on the bench that they first used together, he even saw his coffee mug in the grass where he lost it in the moment.
Kanade held up a finger and spoke like she read from a book. “To affect the material world one must first be material.” She giggled at his expression and patted the bench beside her. He came casually over and sat at the other end to stare into the pools of gold. Ethan got the sense she found peace over something troubling her. “I’ve only heard stories of Fate bestowin’ a second mortal life, but here I am explainin’ though I’m clearly unqualified. But I’ll do my best.”
“You seem to be doing pretty good so far.” Her cheeks reddened at his words. “Well after I was dismissed from the room I had time to think about all that was said. I went over and over it, but things are nagging at me.”
She crossed her arms beneath her breasts and tilted her head adorably. In this lighting her blue hair was almost a shining indigo under the streetlamp and tree. “Well while we wait I’ll do what I can to answer your questions.”
“Well Fate said something about a plan after his first offer to return my life. What is this plan?”
“Good first question.” She giggled and he wondered why she seemed so relaxed and figured it must have been a good, long talk with Fate. “Well it has to deal with why you’ve never seen any kind of demon.”
“Kind? As in more than the redheaded winged dude you are afraid to speak about.”
“Weren’t you listenin’ to what I was saying through the palace?”
“Uh, I was a bit distracted.” He admitted.
“How so?” She guessed it was how good it felt touching.
“It’s a bit personal, Kanade. I’m not ready to speak of it… uh back to my question?”
“Oh… Well that I can understand then. When you’re ready, I’d like to hear what it is you too hide.” She smiled. “Back to the plan Lord Fate hinted of… well the clearest way I can explain is that both Chaos and Order made a truce about five hundred years ago.”
“A truce? The sides agreed on something? I thought that was impossible.”
“I wouldn’t know. It was long before my time. My parents haven’t spoken of it, but they were crucial to the creation of rules both sides abide by. All I know is that there was a huge battle between our two sides that threatened humanity, a plague ran rampant and it was decided a permanent veil be created to hide ourselves from human eyes. Demons didn’t want to lose their favorite food and Order wants to save souls, humans in particular because they have more power than any other mortal livin’ bein’ in the entire universe.
“The sides decided on a great law none will break for it is permanent. For Chaos, the greater demon lords are forbidden from intentionally killing humans and stealin’ their still living souls, but the tricky demons can suggest suicide or murder through influence. Order created a spell that all supernatural physical beings and powers cannot be seen correctly by human eyes or any objects they create. But to fit in, both sides sometimes use human technology to move about to keep appearances. As in cars.
“You will soon learn just how amazin’ your world is when it’s fully opened up tomorrow.
“This leads to kinds of beings. You see me, thought me angel and you’ve seen Floa… Well many mythical beings are real.”
“Really, wait, when I return to my body will I not see anything again?”
Kanade shook her head. “No, your sight will be uncovered. Things will be as they really are in your new body, along with your power over the flame, but hold your questions, you’re pullin’ me down a different fox trail. I promise to return to it.” He nodded. “Well demons are just a broad definition. There are dragons, Elves, Kelpie, Necromancers, Goblins and so on. Greater demons have greater power and influence over lesser and demon lords are greater still.” Her tone became serious. “If you see one of them, run. You would not be a match for a good while against one of them. There are dozens more demons I could name, but that can wait. To an veiled human though they will seem just like any other person or animal and be easily forgotten.
“Order also enlists the aid of creatures born with souls from Pixies to Pegesai and Nagai to Gargoyles and wizards… and sometimes there are humans with supernatural abilities able to harness their Spirit Energy for something specific. As you will be the pinnacle of what we call Specialists.
“But unlike the kinds of creatures, it seems only humans can be more easily swayed to fight for either side.”
Ethan grinned. “Good thing I’m a nerd. I played D&D a lot and can’t wait to meet some of these beings. Now I’m getting excited about this new life. Are vampires real? Werewolves?”
“Humans have twisted most myths, but vampires are just another name for a demon, but they do not suck blood. They suck energy and souls, hence the mythical name. If they have a mortal body, they eat food, but require emotion from living creatures and inhale that desire. There are a demonic few animal shifters, but most tend to stick to Chaos since their animal instincts are feral. And no, it is a genetic trait, not bitten or transmitted.” She explained. “We have all night to talk of the creatures you’ll soon be meetin’. Now I want to talk about you being an Elemental.”
“So do I. I’m going to be able to use fire right!?” she nodded. “Cool!” Kanade laughed aloud and Ethan joined her. “So why were you two so stunned earlier?”
“In all seriousness, it was unexpected.”
“How?”
“Because human spiritual powers vary greatly and are determined usually by personality. You could have been able to summon daggers, see in the dark, grow plants rapidly, find fish blindfolded, smell with the acuity of a dog, enhanced strength or even use blood as a weapon, but then its revealed you’re an Elemental and not just any Elemental at that. You’re a fire thrower.” Kanade didn’t want to resist taking his hands and acted. He enjoyed the connection. “When I saw you were compatible with fire I was deeply impressed. You’re personality is the opposite of past human Fire Elementals.” Her southern drawl was do endearing he couldn’t resist smiling back. “Even Fate didn’t see that outcome. Fire Elementals are sooo rare in humans it is one in a billion shot, but since humans cannot see the supernatural anymore, few can reach their potential and unlock their skill. Usually those have a temperament akin to great rage and enjoy destruction. Not someone of a mild temperament. Fewer still are sensitive to Spirit Energy.
“What was frightenin’ me is that fire is also known as a high class demon’s specialty. You’re potential can save lives, Ethan.”
“So fire against fire? Is that why Fate laughed?”
“Somethin’ like that.” She replied cryptically. “But this means you will potentially be a powerful influence for us. One human Elemental is worth more than a thousand sword wieldin’ Nagai. And to my knowledge, Order’s last human Fire Elemental was King Solomon. So you are greatly important and have much potential.” Her enthusiasm was energized, even her wings were excited.
Ethan’s jaw dropped with that bomb of information. “So he was real?” she nodded, enjoying his reactions. “He was the only one? How many others?”
“No, Order has had two Fire Elementals, to my knowledge of history, but like I said before, human Fire Elementals have, no pun intended, hot headed and destructive personalities and usually join Chaos’ ranks.”
“So how will I do it? Will I be like the Human Torch from the Fantastic Four and yell Flame On! to use fire? Will I be able to fly?”
Kanade realized she still held his hands and reluctantly let go to laugh at his mounting excitement. “I do not believe I know what you are speaking of. Can you explain?” He was all too eager to explain the comic book reference and the character who was altered in a solar storm and all he could do with his powers. He then said he’d show her the books when he gets his body and can bring her to his apartment. “We’ll see.” She said and so wanted to speak her mind, but she couldn’t resist an order. “But from what I remember as a child on my father’s lap, no Fire Elementals cannot fly. Only Spirit Guides and upper demons can fly. Wings are a necessity.”
“Well, may I ask a personal question?” He asked bashfully.
“Anythin’.” She allowed.
“I know it’s rude to ask a lady this, but how old are you? I get the feeling Spirit Guides are immortal so… well…”
“Oh Ethan,” She let out a lilting laugh that made his insides warm. “yes Spirit Guides are immortal like any spirit being, but in terms of age, I’m exceptionally young. I’m actually only twenty nine.”
“Really? You seem so mature yet look so… well. You know…”
“Tell me.” She tilted his chin up with one slender finger and looked longingly into his eyes. “I want to hear what you mean.”
His Adams-apple bobbed while swallowing before saying “Beautiful. You look no more than twenty five, but all the other female and male Spirit Guides were all in their physical prime and I didn’t see any old people… I was curious.”
Her blue eyebrow quirked at the mention of other ‘females’ and it raised her ire. “And how did I compare to the other women? Would you have chosen another to be your guide, given the option.”
His answer came quick and flat. “Not a chance. Those others couldn’t hold a candle to you.”
This reaction solidified her choice for it made her feel sure he wanted her too. She could see it in his eyes before he realized what he said and looked away shyly. As a reward she said “Mighty kind of you.” and leaned forward to gently press her full ruby red lips to his forehead. Heat grew instantly between them and then she pulled away, unable to bring herself to do more as another monitored her every action.
“Thanks.” Ethan mumbled and looked down at the grass and tried to pick up his coffee mug, but his fingers passed through the physical object, unable to interact with it. He grumbled.
Sensing his hesitation to continue the best conversation of her existence Kanade asked “I do not know where you will go when you get your body back, but would you like to hear of the beings you’ll likely come across in Order?”
“Yes! I mean… Please!” he allowed and sat an inch closer and listened to all she had to say and impart to what is likely to occur when his life is returned.

The night passed in a blur and being dead did have some advantages. Neither had felt the need to eat, drink, use the restroom or stretch their legs. When sunrise lifted off the eastern horizon he noticed he wasn’t remotely tired, but he learned so much from his incredible companion. The world he thought he knew of was wrong on so many levels and he’d just thrown himself into a conflict he knew nothing about. Kanade was a great teacher, explaining about the hundreds of creatures he’d fight beside or against and usually he felt nauseous at her descriptions. Sometimes he thought she was exaggerating folklore, but deep down it seemed all the myths he knew, and many he didn’t, all had the basis of truth.
Once, in the bright morning sunlight, Kanade pointed to the sky where Ethan noticed a silver winged Spirit Guide sucking up a soul from a building. But as the soul was taken he noticed a dirty white dot rapidly climbing the building, but before it got near the Spirit Guide, who flew off, it suddenly dropped as an arrow protruded from it neck by a person standing on the roof of another building. “Wait, what just happened?”
“One of my brethren saved a soul before that Goblin could climb the buildin’. One of our warriors just killed it since it so stupidly exposed itself. Filthy creatures.” She sneered in an adorable way.
“But what would have a human had seen? Even from here I saw blood splatter.” Ethan asked.
“If I had to guess, it probably seemed a large bird hitting the window. Don’t worry, the Goblin won’t leave a corpse and the arrow will likewise vanish.” She shrugged.
“But who, or should I ask what, was that? I’ve never seen someone that good with a bow and arrow and shoot from such a distance.” He watched the other Spirit Guide shoot off like a bullet and disappear. “And were you attacked like that before?”
Her molten golden eyes grew distant as she watched the city coming alive. “I’ve been attacked each and every day for the past eleven years I’ve ferried the dead, but only once in my first year was I split open and released my souls to a band of Succubai. Sixteen strong Succubai held me down and devoured three thousand souls. Since, I’ve not been caught again. I learned my lesson… As for the archer, it was likely a either a Centaur or an upset Nymph away from her tree. Both beings are renowned for their unparalleled archery prowess. And before you ask, I know humans rarely carry swords and bows anymore, but the spell which hides the supernatural from humans also hides our weapons… so long as they are properly enchanted.”
“Actually I was about to ask what happened the time you got caught… if you don’t mind me prying.” He placed one hand atop hers for comfort and she didn’t acknowledge the touch as her mind was somewhere else, but she did seem to hear it.
“Seven months after my eighteenth year and I became a true Spirit Guide to ferry souls to Spirit World. I was cocky for I was fast and too sure of my abilities. One mornin’ in Russia I was acting brash and darin’ while taking in the soul of a squirrel when I noticed a lone succubus saunterin’ down the street and I decided to taunt her. I couldn’t harm her because my powers do not have that quality and I knew I could always stay out of reach, but my mistake was guessin’ she was alone. Five others were hidin’ in a tree with ten more camouflaged and they threw a net over me when I got too close. They staked the net in the ground and stabbed a dagger into my stomach to rip me open. The pain forced me to release the souls to those waitin’ harpies who gobbled them up like chicken on corn. When they took them all they released me since they weren’t able to take my soul too. I learned my lesson that day and never want to see it again. All those souls were eaten. Eternity robbed.”
She rubbed her flawless stomach and Ethan said “But I don’t see a scar and how did they hold you down let alone stab you? You said those creatures are flesh and blood.”
She finally looked at him and saw his concern. “Just as Order has enchanted weapons, so does Chaos… and as for the wound, as soon as the knife was removed and it’s power gone, my form repaired itself.”
Silence was short lived between them as movement drew Ethan’s attention to across the street where three individuals came outside an apartment and walked down a concrete path. “Hey, it’s them!” He stated as young Rachiel, her mother and father approached the road wearing all black. He knew it would be odd if the family could see across the street and see the dead man who pushed their daughter out of the way sitting beside an eight foot tall woman with blue wings and hair and wore gold pants and a top resembling a bikini. Glittering alabaster skin would be the least of their astonishment if they could see, but Ethan knew this magic Kanade spoke of that hid the supernatural from humans was quite powerful.
The family though carried flowers while Rachiel held a cross that she had clearly made and decorated. “Let’s go hear what they have to say!” Kanade suddenly stood and walked across the street. Ethan followed as his curiosity was piqued. The family moved up to a lamppost and placed the items against it and then looked at the fresh tire marks that had started all this. “Go ahead, Sweetie, tell him.” The mother said and held her daughter’s hand.
Rachiel said to the cross more than anything “Thank you mister for saving me. When I get to heaven I hope to get to say thanks to you for saving me.” Then the little girl began to cry earnestly and turned around to her mother for comfort.
“No need to wish, Kid. I heard you!” He yelled, making Kanade jump and flap her wings indignity before laughing as Ethan began to dance around and through the family yelling “I’m right here! Boo!” he forced his face through the mother’s chest and tried to scare the girl, but didn’t get a reaction.
Kanade was doubled over as she laughed too hard. “Stop, I can’t take it anymore!” She dropped to her knees as her eyes began tear up.
The jokester grinned and patted her wing saying “That was fun.” She just shook her head. The family remained silent for another ten minutes it prayer, said their thanks and left to finish out the reminder of their days.

Back on the bench Ethan fished out the gold egg and watched as how the light played off its surface. Kanade too gazed at it but was locked in place. Its surface had warmed up over the hours, but hadn’t started vibrating as Fate explained.
When the sun hung high overhead at about the noon hour Ethan knew the twenty four hour waiting period would be coming soon to an end, he would get his body back and start his new life working for Order in some way.
Some pedestrian gave a shout and pointed suddenly.
Thick black smoke began billowing high. Ethan stood, putting the egg away and stepped into the street for a clearer look to stop and get locked in place. Flames started pouring from the second floor and consume the apartment.
Jenny’s apartment! Even a bystander with limited knowledge of fires could see it was deadly. Windows on upper floors opened and people screamed inside who were trapped. No fire escapes were built outside and by the amount of smoke rising and choking all six floors, no one could flee once trapped. Except by jumping from a window to their death. Off in the far distance one could hear the siren of the fire department, but Orlando hadn’t had rain in nearly two months and the apartment was made of old wood that flames greedily ate and grew. In seconds the fire started rising to the third floor as people screamed.
“The fire trucks are too far away!” Ethan yelled in impotent desperation to do something and turned to Kanade. “People are going to burn alive in there. Can’t we do something? Like call someone who can at least slow the fire till help arrives? Someone from the Houses? A Witch? In two minutes the whole apartment will be engulfed. In half that people will burn.”
Kanade looked between him and the building on fire and heard the screams for help. Then she felt held in place as Fate’s power spoke to her mind. “Now tell him what his options are, Child. Speak for me.”
“Ethan,” Kanade said sadly and shook her head. “I cannot do anythin’. But you can.”
“Really?” He asked hurriedly. “Then tell me quick! What can I do?”
She pointed to the round bulge in his pocket. “The egg. It has been feeding on your Spirit Energy given off by your soul and has the power to quell the flames, but if you throw it onto the fire you can kiss your second chance at life goodbye and be forced to return to Spirit World and sent into Nothingness forever.”
His hope died and as his shoulders slumped. “Whaaat?”
Kanade nodded and looked up at the smoke, unable to stop herself from saying “Jenny Pakster and Billy Volorum are in there. Despite what they did to you, would you relinquish your second chance at life and watch as I take their souls to Spirit World too…” then she looked down too see him already gone and running to the fire. “What?” she asked herself while watching him go as fast as his legs could carry him. “Interesting!” she heard Fate’s comment.
Not needing some lengthy explanation as the fire every second grew, Ethan rounded a corner and right through people unable to get close as the radiant heat of the flames were too hot to get close and be forced to watch helplessly. Being a disembodied soul, Ethan didn’t feel the heat and got in close to find a broken window on the second floor. He pulled out the egg, kissed it goodbye and threw it with all he had. The gold glinted farewell and disappeared inside.
Seconds went by and nothing happened.
Then when the egg felt a condition of selflessness come to be it cracked and released power which blew out the majority of the flames. There was quite a few embers glowing, but Ethan stared openmouthed as the people recovered and brought out running gardening hoses to start spraying now that there was a chance to actually do something.
Over the commotion someone said “That was strange, the fire going out like that. What do you think happened?”
“Maybe the sprinkler system finally kicked in, but that explosion that really could be felt might have been a fire extinguisher exploding. I hear they can do that.” Another guessed and the group seemed to agree with it. It was the veil at work supplying an idea so nothing seemed supernatural.
Residents of the building began running out, most choking from smoke inhalation. Ethan sighed as he found Jenny and Billy come out and about that time is when the fire department came rolling in to take care of business.
Knowing it was all over now, Ethan turned around to see Kanade standing with her arms crossed. “Sorry, I couldn’t think of all those people getting burned alive over my own selfish sake. Even them. That kind of luck isn’t something I’d wish on anyone, even them. And if given the choice again, I’d do it. Sorry, Kanade, I guess I just ruined my chances. Best take me back now.”
“That will not be necessary.” Came a youthful voice from behind. Kanade stared openmouthed and Ethan turned to find Fate standing there still wearing his black tailored suit. “Follow me, both of you. It’s too noisy here.” He turned around and started walking straight through people and buildings.
Not wanting to be left behind, they quickly followed. Ethan seemed to find it disconcerting to walk through a wall, but he didn’t mention it.
Soon the guide of the universe stopped in a vacant alleyway far from the hustle and bustle of the now extinguished building. Ethan and Kanade stood awkwardly in his presence and waited for him to speak. The wait wasn’t long. “Ethan, you passed.”
“Uh, a little context would really help out, Fate.”
The ancient being in a boy’s youthful appearance was willing to supply it. “For starters, Kanade isn’t going to take you to Spirit World and watch you be sent to Nothingness.”
“But I thought the egg was a one shot deal?” He asked in confusion to both.
Fate shook his head. “The whole fire incident was your test of true character. I watched you though Kanade when she told you how the egg could save those humans from the fire at the cost of your new life as a mortal, but when you realized others were in peril and in danger you took off running and selflessly threw away your one chance at redemption for others you do not know and for two who scorned you so deeply. The egg had fed enough off your Spirit Energy to vanquish the blaze I set up.”
“You? This was all a test?” he asked as if he couldn’t believe it. “You would have killed innocent people as a test for me?” When Fate nodded Ethan couldn’t stop himself from taking a swing. Such callous manner and toying with lives was wrong on too many levels. He connected with Fate’s jaw, but then yelped as if he just punched a brick wall. Fate’s cool expression remained undaunted as Ethan hopped up and down, cursing so loudly that Kanade blushed. When the momentary pain and throbbing subsided he growled “How can you be so cruel?! Toying with lives isn’t some fucking game!”
“Be silent, Child, I never play games! Everything I do has greater meaning than your limited intellect can comprehend.” Fate said evenly, but the weight of his words were unmistakable. “Now that I see you have a backbone to punch me you can hear me out. And listen good.” Ethan flexed his fingers, but was silent. “I tested you for good reason. Out of the sixty two who have retained form in death, only nine were worthy of a second life. The first two were power hungry and betrayed Order because their character was weak and self serving. They caused great damage and I learned my lesson. And none turned out to be an Elemental like you. If I had given you a body and you turned on us, your powers would be worse than anything you can imagine. After the first two were killed off I created Spirit Eggs to test for those that were truly worthy of a second life.”
“Why do I got the feeling that was no ordinary egg?”
“Because it is not. Ethan, what do you think happened to the fifty one other souls who failed?... Time’s up. The answer is the egg hatched and a spirit beast ate them whole and were destroyed in a way far worse than a demon could do to a soul.” Ethan stared blankly in shock. “Yes, if you had stood by and watched others die, you would he been eaten. Instead, without hesitation you again leapt to save another, falsely believing you had given up your last chance for redemption. Due to your reaction to save others in selflessness has earned you my trust.”
“Is that why you were so quiet when I held the egg?” He asked Kanade who looked away. “And you didn’t warn me? You would have just watched as that egg hatched and ate me?”
She looked at him crossly. “No, I too would have been devoured, no matter which choice you took. Do you think so little of me? I wouldn’t have left your side for moment.”
Ashamed at his assumption, Ethan looked down and struggled as his emotion fought one another. “Sorry.”
“So long as we are in open disclosure, Kanade wanted to tell you all this sooner, to prepare you, but I ordered her to not speak of the egg’s purpose.” Fate announced. “Also, she truly would have been destroyed with you. She decided it before you left my palace. If you fault her, I’m the real one to blame.”
“Oh, I can easily tell who’s responsible.” Ethan replied dryly. He then turned to the winged goddess. “But why would you willingly be destroyed with me?”
She met his gaze. “Because I wouldn’t allow somethin’ so cruel to happen to you alone. I wouldn’t abandon you. It is my responsibility…”
As soon as the words left her mouth his expression tightened. Responsibility? He thought internally. Is that how I am to you, a burden? Kanade’s eyes widened as she read him without intention and she mentally kicked herself again when she realized how cruel it sounded.
To Fate, Ethan asked to proceed and not think of his newfound pain “So how much longer must I wait? And how do I return to my body?”
The deceptive teen simply snapped his fingers and suddenly Ethan was looking at a mirror image himself beside the boy. He was dressed in a similar white shirt, jeans and shoes he currently wore. The only differences were the body’s eyes were closed and cast a shadow beneath the sun. “The Blue Rose of Truth finished recreating your new body by using the material from your corpse. Everything is exactly as it was except that now you’ll be able to pierce the veil placed on normal humans and will be capable of utilizing your new powers quite soon. Ethan come over and stand with your back to the front of your body.”
Following instructions he moved and did as directed. Fate then pushed him forcibly in the chest.
Arms flailing and losing balance, Ethan toppled backwards and landed hard on his backside. Pain shot up his spine from the jarring impact on his tailbone. “Ow, what was that for?” And then he stopped as the pain didn’t vanish right away.
Smoke permeated the air while the unforgiving Florida sun made the ground hot and warmed the skin in an uncomfortable way. But the heat wasn’t as unbearable as he remembered and chalked it up to shock of being dead for a day. A warm breeze carried humidity so thick it made sweating more prominent and tacky. Looking down, Ethan waved his left arm over the ground to see a cast shadow. The nearby wall became the first test and the solid surface resisted his touch. Next he found a pulse. A smile broke out as he could feel, breathe, smell and manipulate solid objects again. “I’m back!”
Smiling in front of them were two figures, but he tilted his head in confusion. “Uh, why do you two have a shimmer around your bodies? It wasn’t like that before.”
“You’re mortal again, not spirit.” Fate returned. “This is how those without a mortal body look. I must return. Ethan, go home and pack your belongings. I’ve scheduled you to be taken at eight thirty six in the morning. Be done by then and good luck.” He received an acknowledging nod. “And as for you Kanade, it shall take another week. In the meantime I expect you to continue your duty.” With that said, Fate vanished in a short burst of white light.
Getting up was just as usual. Ethan learned and felt as normal as ever. He brushed off his backside and looked up at her. Despite the heartache of how she saw him Ethan couldn’t resist smiling. “Don’t worry, I won’t ask what that was about. Seemed another personal matter you don’t want to discuss… Well I guess this is farewell?”
“For now.” Kanade replied, returning a pleasant smile of her own.
“Oh, duh!” he smacked his head. “I’ll die again since I’m human. Just be sure that when I do, you take me. I don’t want another Spirit Guide.” He held out a hand to offer to be shook.
Unable to verbally respond and struggling to not burst into tears or tell him everything, she went to reach forward and her hand passed through his. She wasn’t ready to not feel his electrifying touch again and his reaction seemed similar. It felt wrong to be separated like this and not be able to part without touching. Swallowing her emotions Kanade said “Be well,” took to the sky and said “My Angel. Do not die before I’m ready.”
Ethan stared up, not hearing her parting words as she disappeared too fast.
“Mister? Who ya talkin’ to?” He spun around to see a greasy mechanic throwing stacked crates behind his shop and had seen him talking to no one else.
“Sorry, but I’m trying out a new Bluetooth receiver in different locations to see how it works. It is just like a clear hearing aid now. It was expensive, but so far, everything works. Again, sorry for bothering you.” Ethan quickly lied and the response would be believable. He hoped.
“Oh, alright then.” And the mechanic went back inside, closing and locking the door behind him.
Ethan sighed and checked his pockets to find them empty. No cash meant only one option, walk eight miles to the apartment.
“Figures… at least it will give me time to think.” He said quietly to himself and decided to avoid both the fire and the place he first died in the unlikely event Rachiel or someone else would notice a dead man walking again. That thought made him smile and he started for home.





Chapter 4

So much had happened recently Ethan was finding it difficult to process everything. Luckily the walk was long and it gave time to reorient to his new position in a second life. But as he crossed an intersection, when the crosswalk light turned to say it was safe, he couldn’t get that diabolical test Fate had created out of his head. And the more he thought about it, the more it made sense. Ethan also had trust issues and could understand that it would have risks, returning the dead and granting powers to the powerless. You hear it all the time in the news, someone having a mental breakdown and going on a rampage with a gun. Ethan figured. Fate worried I might start fires if I snapped. Ethan shivered at the thought of hurting people.
Part of his mind was still processing his most recent life’s events while the other looked ahead. Good thing too because a large bug, bigger than any he had ever seen buzzed in front of his face. It was like a bird sized dragonfly with six fixed wings blurring up and down. Instead of two large insect-like eyes it had three. At the end of a segmented tail was a terrifying stinger.
Reacting out of shock, Ethan backhanded the oversized bug with a yelp. The bug wasn’t as quick and the swat knocked it into the path of a truck’s shiny grill. He watched as the thing exploded and disappeared with the vehicle acceleration.
Ethan shook some at how frightening that surprise encounter was and his newfound heart raced. He remembered seeing one of those flying bugs before while sitting beside Kanade last night. She explained those were common insects spawned from Demon World. They weren’t dangerous at all to him, merely a nuisance except in a swarm. Usually other demons would eat them if there weren’t any human’s to feed off of. The insects did feed off humans by using that stinger to feed and was the actual cause of spontaneous confusion or lightheadedness. Still, Ethan figured, it’s arrival right in front of his face wasn’t a good sign.
Not even a half hour in the new body, he and the lowest of minor demons came too close.
Eventually his heart slowed, but now his focus was to return home in one piece. He set a brisk pace and took as many shortcuts as he knew.
When no other incidents occurred after two more miles, his legs were burning and sore, but he continued since complaining didn’t do any good.
But as he came upon a small marketplace and saw an employee throwing cardboard boxes in an industrial recycling bin, it reminded Ethan of Fate’s last words. He decided on a course of action and walked over. “Hello there!” He called.
The employee turned around and she smiled. “Something I may help you with, Sir?”
“Yeah, actually.” He pointed to the collapsed brown boxes. “I’m moving tomorrow and wanted to ask if I may have those?”
“Please, be my guest. Take them all for all I care.” She replied enthusiastically. “Throwing these out is killing my back.”
“Thank you, Ma’am.” He smiled and knelt down to the stack beside the side door. Ethan opened a box, folding back into a storage capable container. He meshed the four panels on the bottom since all the clear tape had been cut. He sat the first down and opened a second large one to begin sliding the flattened boxes to fit as many as possible inside.
In the end he procured sixty boxes between two that held together rather well.
They were heavy, but he managed to hoist the two to either shoulder after helping the woman throw the remainder away. He felt better since he was able to relax his aching legs some while collecting the moving supplies.
After yet another mile his legs were fatigued, but his shoulders hurt from the sharp corners, but he couldn’t carry them any other way. He’d tried holding them stacked in front, but couldn’t see and the position was precarious, tempting to fall and make a mess.
But around the next corner of an old office was a creature that was more frightening up close. It sat in behind a patch of well maintained hedges. From the description Kanade gave, this beast was another common Goblin. Unlike the stories he knew about them being green skinned, short, bulbous headed and were cruel eyed, these were misinformed and lacking in description. Actually the Goblin was covered in matted fur all over. It was short legged, but had arms three times as long and had four long fingers and a small thumb somewhat resembling a dog’s dewclaw. This thing was deceptively strong and could climb faster than it could walk and if those long arms got hold of anything, it would be inescapable and crush whatever it desired. The Goblin had eerie yellow eyes that glowed with malice and two tusks sprouted from its jaw and one bite could break bone. It had two slits where a nose would be and was currently scenting the air.
A group of teens came around the corner, nearly running into Ethan and their surprised gasp caused the Goblin to turn in their direction. “Mister, don’t block the sidewalk… oh look! A dog!” one of the girls gushed and walked around Ethan, straight up to the Goblin who sat in a dark corner and moved a few leaves for a better look. Her friends forgot all about Ethan and a bunch of ‘Awe.’ and ‘How cute.’ cooed from the teens. The Goblin held still when one stroked his furry face.
Ethan felt sick, but felt safe in the knowledge the girls wouldn’t be harmed. It could have killed all three in an instant, but instead it tentatively came closer and deeply inhaled very near the girls’ faces. Ethan just realized it was feeding off the emotions of the girls as its matted coat started to look strangely healthier and its yellow eyes burned brighter. But behind it Ethan noticed several piles of feathers from dead birds. Spirit Energy and physical food was necessary for its survival.
If not for the law protecting humanity, Ethan knew without a doubt that that Goblin would have killed those girls to feast on both their soul and flesh.
Act normal. Don’t let it know you know. He said internally as a mantra. If it knows I can see it for what it is it will be bad. Very bad. The law doesn’t pertain to those who can see the supernatural. Just leave, the girls will be safe for now. Once it has fed the kids will be irritable. I don’t want to be near three temperamental teenage girls. Dying again would be better than that.
Ethan moved forward, not looking at the Goblin again to keep up pretenses and retained a calm and stoic appearance. The girls were still gushing affectionately.
Not even before turning a corner one of the girls yelled “Why did you make him run off! He was so cute! We’re no longer friends!”
Got out just in time. He thought.
Twenty minutes later he heard something tapping behind him oddly, like a dog with long fingernails scratching the ground. He turned and looked down to realize the Goblin from earlier had followed him. Its grotesque features and dripping slobber were focused at him. Ethan fought every instinct to not run away or stare in horror. Even the smell this thing gave off was rotten. “Go home, Mutt. I don’t have any food for you and my apartment doesn’t allow pets. Go on! Get!” the Goblin flinched and started chattering in a guttural language. “I said go!” Ethan stomped and the Goblin growled, but quickly seemed to remember the human couldn’t see him for what he is and shot off to the nearest alley. “Crazy dog.” The Goblin heard from distance and it shrugged.
Ethan said the last part because Kanade warned him most supernatural creatures have greater hearing than humans and so long as he acted ignorant, the better things would be. The advice was taken and put to good use.

At about five in the afternoon Ethan was really hungry, but without money he couldn’t eat. Instead he finally reached his apartment safely and went to the elevator to go up to the second floor. Air conditioning felt oh so good as soon as he walked in, but as he reached his low rent apartment and sat the boxes down he went to his pocket out of habit and felt it empty. No keys or even the wallet that had been destroyed under semi truck tires. He groaned, but left the boxes by the door, returned to the first floor and walked straight to the door labeled ‘Apartment Manager’ and knocked before entering.
Behind a simple desk was a portly, balding old man watching some game show, too consumed in it he didn’t hear the knock. “Sir?” the older man jumped and turned with his hand over his heart “Oh, it’s just you Ethan.” He sighed in genuine relief. “You didn’t come home last night, Son. Finally get lucky?”
“Hardly.” Ethan laughed sourly. “More like unlucky. Got fired yesterday and found my girlfriend with her legs wrapped around my backstabbing bastard of a brother.”
“Damn, Son, no wonder you look so tired.” The manager shook his head slowly. “You look better than I would if our lives were reversed. You didn’t come down just to chat did ya? Get a new game you need me to beat you in again?”
“Sorry, but I’m broke at the moment. I seem to have misplaced the keys to my place. You mind?”
“Not at all.” The manager pulled out a desk, grabbed the building’s ring of keys and got up. They walked out together and the man locked the door to meet at the elevator to reach the second floor. “Your rent’s not due for two more weeks. I can give you an extension if you need it. You’re no deadbeat like other tenants.”
The elevator doors dinged and Ethan shook his head. “Sorry, but when I was wandering I got an offer I quite literally couldn’t refuse. I’m going to be leaving in the morning.” The manager took notice of all the large boxes. “Kind of a short notice deal I’m afraid.”
“So it seems. I have more boxes down in storage if you want them. The boxes you have won’t even hold all your comics.” He said in some disappointment. Ethan and he would once a week play games and have a good laugh.
“You’re a life saver.” He admitted to the manager as his door was unlocked.
The man nodded and left to gather the extra boxes as Ethan went inside. The apartment was small, but its occupant was meticulous and orderly. The far wall was shelved with comics neatly stacked to the ceiling while the other had figurines and half of it was dedicated to over a thousand games. By the window was his computer station, TV and every game console from the original Nintendo to the latest and greatest PlayStation and Xbox. He had it all. The only piece of furniture was a sofa bought at a garage for twenty dollars when he first moved in. A door to the right led to the bathroom and beside it was the even smaller kitchenette. Across from it was a door leading to the twin mattress bed.
First thing Ethan did was peel his soaked shirt off and went to the bathroom to relieve himself. Afterwards he washed up and went to the kitchen to open up a can of beef stew and a cup of ramen. One minute after he put a cup of water in the microwave it came out steaming and was transferred to the dry cup of noodles. As it went to work he put the glass under the sink and drank four glasses for his thirst was greater than hunger for the moment. He ate once the ramen cooled enough and was hungrier than expected.
Then he laughed as he remembered this body had never eaten before.
Just as he drank the broth and put the stew to be heated there came a knock and the manager came through with another thirty three boxes and offered a tape gun with a new roll.

Hours after the first barely satisfying meal, Ethan sighed when all his comics and action figures were put away and came to a decision. Before acting on it he boxed the entire apartment up and crawled in bed to get a few hours rest.
Sleep never came as his mind couldn’t settle. He worried what is to come in the morning, what new horrors awaited, if this was another trick Fate had in store, what creature would be waiting just outside and more morbid thoughts. His wild imagination as a kid was his only saving grace, he figured. If he didn’t already believe the world held more magic and supernatural things he would have snapped and went insane long ago. That Goblin earlier was frightening and if not for Kanade’s explanations he would have shown his hand and likely have had it bitten off. He didn’t know when he would be able to summon fire or even how and if that critter chose to attack he would have been dead in a heartbeat.
Ethan watched the fan spinning above his head and liked the feeling on his body and it was hard to think it was a clone, made from wherever his first remains were. It had no changes. All the scars of youth remained in their right place. Every hair was just as it had been before dying. It could have been his first body for all he knew, just fixed up and recreated by a magical blue rose. Rationalizing it didn’t help at all, but he enjoyed the sensations of life again. The cool breeze from the fan, how his heart beats, touching solid objects and even how discomfort lingered. It made him respect being alive again.
The only drawback was missing Kanade with a desire so strong he’d never see another woman the same way again. He had fallen for her hard in that one day. It was the worst day of his life, but she was so amazing he knew he would do it again just to see her again, feel her. He knew it could never be though, a human with a Spirit Guide. She was the embodiment of beauty and power of an angel combined. It felt so right to be near her, but nothing could come of it. Unlike all the other attempts at finding a girlfriend and the uncertainty he had always felt with them were all nothing beside her.
He touched his forehead and could still feel the impression her sensual lips left behind. It was something so simple, but he knew deep down that no woman would ever make him feel so special as she had.
“Ah, what am I thinking!” He chastised himself and sat up to look at his darkened hands in the bleak room. Only a digital alarm clock gave any light and it read 4:19 a.m. “She just felt responsible for me, not that she liked me more than a friend... I’m doing it again, going to a girl who shows even the slightest interest in me. It looks like being alone is what I’ll always be.” It came out as a bitter whisper, but his heart ached deeply for Kanade. She was never his girlfriend, but he had never felt so broken inside. No woman had ever made him feel so… “Complete.” He whispered and balled his fists.
Realizing any sleep tonight was impossible and his body had recovered during the rest, Ethan rolled out of bed and slid on a pair of boxers before tugging on a clean pair of denim jeans. He had a quick snack of granola and brewed a single cup of tea before cleaning the floor one last time and stacking his belongings.
The busy work allowed time to pass more quickly and when the outside began brightening and six rolled around, Ethan picked up the heavy boxes with his collectable action figures before leaving the apartment. He exited the building without seeing anyone out and about. Three packed boxes slowed his pace considerably, but he went down the block and turned the corner.
Across the street was his favorite place to kill some time, ‘Ol Fred’s. He crossed the intersection once again and saw the lone worker busy opening the store for Monday morning. The local kids usually stop by for a half hour before the bus comes to pick them up for school, even though it was summer break right now. Ethan walked right up to the front door and gently kicked it.
Fred looked up from sorting out new comics and broke into a wide grin when he saw who stood outside. Even at his advanced age, nothing seemed to slow him down, not even after a quadruple bypass. The proprietor moved quickly to open the door to say “Ethan, good to see you! You haven’t been here so early in the morning for ages. Eight years maybe?” he tried thinking and shook his bald head. “Never mind. What do you have there?”
“Collectables I need to sell, if you’re willing?” he quickly added.
“For my favorite customer, sure!” Fred smiled and held the door open.
Inside it smelled of freshly glossed paper and already Ethan would miss this place. He went straight to the glass desk where thousands of dollars were traded for most he had back in his room. Standing proudly on the glass counter was the mint condition Superman comic behind a reinforced glass window that had no visible opening anyone could steal it and is bolted into the foundation so it would never leave the store. One quick look at the room and the countless hours browsing the racks clinched his heart, but the memories were fond.
Rare and valuable figurines and memorabilia started being carefully placed all along the table and Fred looked on in disbelief. “Oh I haven’t seen one of these in…  twenty years.” He picked up a Batman and Robin set still in package. “Less than fifty are known to even remain mint… Oh!” Fred then grabbed an original six-armed Spider-man. “My grandson always wanted this one!”
“How much would you be willing to buy for the lot, ‘Ol Fred?”
“All of it, Ethan?” Fred gently sat the goods down and looked at him closely. “What’s going on? You in trouble?”
“Seems I’m leaving town and need some quick cash. I don’t have a dollar left to my name… well I have only three at the bank frankly. Name your price.”
“You’re not willing to haggle are you?” Ethan shook his head. “Well, most of these are highly sought after and will have a quick turnaround, others… not so much.” Fred tallied the items and estimated “You could probably get a minimum of sixty thousand, but I don’t carry anywhere near that much in the store for safety reasons and not want to get robbed… but I can offer five grand outright and a note good for another ten… should you come back in ever again to exchange.”
“We have a deal.” Ethan offered a hand and Fred took it.
“Give me a moment while I go count out the money. Could you repack them and set the boxes behind the counter?”
“Sure.”
Ten minutes later Ethan walked out with five thousand safely hidden in a pocket.
On the way back to the apartment Ethan felt his hunger gnawing because the granola bar wasn’t enough. Since he had a good hour to kill he went next door to the diner and ordered a large breakfast. It took twenty minutes and the only oddity outside was seeing another one of those giant bugs flitting around. A plate was laid before him soon and ten minutes later he was full, paid the bill, tipped the waitress a five and left for the apartment.
He sat down on his couch ten minutes after eight and stared outside. Now all he could do is wait and digest quietly.

At exactly eight thirty five Ethan turned around and watched the door. Fate was quite specific on when he should be ready.
After all he had been through, he didn’t know what to expect.
Then there came a soft rasp on glass sixty seconds later. Ethan spun around quickly and looked at the window for outside was a familiar, green skin, four inch tall Pixie. The vibrant butterfly wings fluttered as she held position.
He moved quickly and opened it. “Floa?”
The Pixie fluttered through the new opening and danced in the air. “So you remember me? I’m flattered. Hold your hand out.” She chimed like tinkling glass.
He did so and she lightly landed in his palm. “What are you doing here? Shouldn’t you be back in Spirit World? Wait, you have a body. I feel you.”
Floa let out a lilting laugh. “Of course I have a body. Pixies and Ogres can easily take mortal bodies instantly. Our magics are quite strong in that area. I see you look better alive. You are quite warm. Being a soul did you no justice… as to my being here, I decided I needed a change and it’s been a few centuries since I’ve actively aided the mortal side of Order on Earth. I’m looking forward to reconnect with an old lover, but I’m here actually for you.” She took in the barren room and the boxes neatly stacked in the center. “Is that everything?” His nod made her look at the boxes and clap her hands. Instantly the mound disappeared.
“Where did it go?” Ethan asked. “Floa, can you give me some answers?”
The Pixie smiled, showing extremely tiny white teeth that were all pointed. “I’ve simply sent your belongings to the Earth’s Order’s First House. You’ve not been alive for a day and of the fifty head houses there has been a dispute over which gets you. A human Fire Elemental, hadn’t seen one in a thousand years. When Fate himself spoke to the heads about your circumstance, all want to use you and boast to Chaos that you are on our side and that to come near them is to die… but then that old Viking stepped in as he runs the strongest house of Order and has most influence and got you under his wing. You will love that place, Ethan. The First House is so much fun. You’ll never find a better place to learn to use your gifts. Oh, have you tried?”
She spoke so fast he could barely keep up. “How many more times am I going to get confused?” he sighed and she seemed to find it amusing. “First, where in the world are you taking me?”
“Scotland!” She piped quickly. “To be more precise we’ll be going to Gairlochy with a nearby human population of about a hundred. A couple miles to the northeast lies the hidden House.”
“Scotland?! Seriously? I don’t have a passport and I cannot exchange that much money with what I have. That much will raise suspicion…” Floa laughed again and lightly slapped his wrist. “What? What’s so funny?”
She shook her tiny head. “Silly boy, you will not have need for anything, least of all money and a passport… Oh that reminds me…” she clapped and suddenly golden bands appeared around both of his wrists and magically tightened till they fit properly. The gold was seamless and circular. For a moment they looked like handcuffs. Before he could demand an answer she kicked the band to smile “They accept you, good… Oh, sorry, Ethan, but you do not need to worry. My girlfriend Kanade made these for you when she returned home to Spirit World. They will translate any and all language you’ll come across instantly but to you and any who hear you. Many beings hate human language and prefer their own native tongue. She said that it will help lessen misunderstandings. And they are fireproof. I’m glad she’s such a smart girl.”
“She made them? For me?” he asked as he looked at the other up close.
“No, for a tree… of course she made them for you.” Floa teased.
“How?” he didn’t pay attention to the Pixy’s sarcasm. “This is real… and gold.”
“Well aren’t you a master detective.” She rolled her violet eyes. “Just because she can’t touch the mortal world doesn’t mean her power cannot. You will greatly need these today. So have you used fire yet?”
Ethan sighed, feeling grateful Kanade made something so wonderful and beautiful. Gold really wasn’t his thing, but the gifts were invaluable. Universal translators would likely keep him out of trouble. It touched him greatly that she made it. Then he looked at the tiny, practically naked Pixie. “No, I don’t even know how to do it.”
Floa pouted and sat down in a huff. “Well this wasn’t what I expected… I wanted to see it before everyone too.” She then flapped her black, white and golden butterfly wings and stood. “Better close your eyes, I cannot keep the old virile Viking waiting. We’re leaving now.”
He closed his eyes and heard her clap.
Immediately he felt the sun on his back and no longer were there the sounds of the city. No cars honking, neighbors screaming, sirens blaring, TV’s talking or any other industrial sounds. “Welcome to Gairlochy, Scotland.” Floa announced.
Ethan opened his eyes to a huge sprawling forest to the left. Back in Orlando it was almost eight forty, but from the sun’s overhead position it was clearly past one in the afternoon. The air was so fresh and clean, with barely the hint of salt. Birds chirped and the forest was alive. Behind him he found more docks over the water than houses to own them. It was so isolated and quiet, Ethan couldn’t resist enjoying the moment. It was short lived and there came the clopping of a horse galloping.
When he saw it, his eyes nearly popped out of his head. “Is that really a…”
“Pegasai?” Floa supplied with a pleased grin. “You bet he is.” She fluttered over shouting “Storm-shadow!”
Ethan suppressed a laugh. The Pegasus had the same name as his favorite evil G.I. JOE character.
Storm-shadow was truly magnificent. He was a huge black stallion with a single patch of stormy white hair between large brownish blue eyes. Large ebony feathered wings were folded against his round middle and his tail flicked side to side. But this horse was truly intelligent by how regally it held up its head and displayed a fine gold chain around his neck that miraculously held a fist size oval ruby that twinkled with some kind of inner power. The stallion was shoed with some kind of off gold and his hooves were polished with care. Storm-shadow opened his mouth to say “Fair winds, Floa. It has been too long since you’ve visited the herd. All my foals are grown and have had their own young. Three hundred years you’ve been gone. Much has happened in the world.”
“Oh, I certainly keep up on all current Earth events, Prince. I love watching movies and playing racing games. Not even my young can keep up with me.”
“Good to hear it…” Storm-shadow turned his attention to the human. “You must be the Elemental known as Ethan.”
“Uh, yeah, that’s me.” He rubbed the back of his head.
“Perfect, we can understand each other… ah, the bracelets have enchantments to allow open conversation. Good, that makes things much easier.” Storm-shadow turned to the Pixie. “Floa, go ahead and inform Odin we will be arriving in a few minutes. I must speak with Ethan privately.”
“Okay, Storm!” she kissed the side of his head and shot off into the trees.
“She certainly is quick witted.”
“Floa definitely makes other Pixies seem dull and boring.” Storm-shadow agreed with the human and approached. “Greetings are in order… by how you stare upon me, may I assume this is the first time you’ve gazed upon my kind?”
“That obvious huh?” Ethan looked down as the Pegasus’ eyes were glued to him.
“Quite so, but you seem to be handling all this better than other humans who first learned of the existence of others.” Storm-shadow shook his mane and the overhead sunlight made his coat and feathers shine.
“Well after dying you kind of learn real quick to accept things or go insane, but after all I’ve seen I’m glad to have the experiences. I once took a course in college about ancient myths and legends and the Pegasus was always my favorite good myth. I’m amazed to see the myth was exaggerated.”
Liking this human’s honest and humble nature immediately, Storm-shadow whinnied a short laugh. “Before I take you to the House I would like to inform you of the rules and reasons to my being here. Primarily I need to ask of your knowledge concerning the other beings within Order’s ranks.”
“I got a crash course the night before.” Ethan admitted and named a half dozen creatures and how to approach them.
“Good enough.” The stallion interrupted. “The House and grounds are quite excited to meet you so be prepared for questions. As to my being here, my sire is leader of the Pegesai herds here in the First House and has sent me to be your companion till you get comfortably bedded down. In event of an attack I will protect you from harm to the best of my abilities.” Ethan gulped. “I know much is confusing at the moment, but you will adapt. Humans are quite versatile despite being physically weak. If ever you need me just shout my name and I will hear you. I will not be far often. Any questions?”
“Yeah, before Floa shot off you said Odin? As in the Norse god Odin?” Ethan quickly recovered.
Storm-shadow revealed pearly teeth in an equestrian smile. “If you’ve died, you should know there is no such thing as a god from religion, but in this instance, yes.” The stallion laughed and flapped his wings slightly. “Odin is the being the Norse based their beliefs off of. Come, he and others are awaiting our arrival.” Storm-shadow dropped his chin and touched it to the huge ruby and immediately it shimmered. Ethan watched as a saddle appeared on Storm-shadow’s back, with a strap wrapping around his girth. Leather creaked as it adjusted itself to fit like a glove. Then he opened his wings and the human was struck with awe that made him snicker. “Climb and mount yourself.”
“Uh, how?” Ethan turned red with embarrassment. “I’ve never ridden a horse before, let alone a huge Pegasus.”
“Truly?” Storm-shadow stared with wider eyes and shook slightly to resist laughing and making the embarrassing moment worse. “All is well and it is good I sent Floa away. She would have harassed you for months if she heard this. Come to my right side and put your foot in the stirrup after grabbing the saddle’s horn. I will hold still.”
A slow approach allowed Ethan to take in the magnificence of the winged stallion. Storm-shadow was easily sixteen hands tall and beneath the sleek, glossy ebony coat were thick muscles of a truly powerful animal. Few times had Ethan got the chance to approach a simple horse, but never has he ridden. Tentatively he reached out and felt the sun-warmed feathers that felt like satin. Storm-shadow kept watch of how he progressed and seemed glad to be so respected upon first encounter. The steed’s sides swelled and contracted with each powerful breath and were controlled, telling Ethan that the stallion was calm and relaxed.
He grabbed the horn, slid a shoe into the stirrup and pulled, but suddenly his foot went forward, his grip slacked and next thing Ethan knew the wind was knocked out of him. Sunlight stabbed him in the eyes before an outstretched wing passed overhead. Then Storm-shadow’s long face looked down upon him and Ethan could tell by the watering of the steed’s eyes that he was suppressing a laugh. “Oh go ahead!”
Storm-shadow couldn’t contain himself as he pranced while quivering from mirth. “I’m sorry, but I could not contain myself. Please get up and try again. This time push down on the stirrup, not forward. Otherwise you will find the ground intimately again.”
Ethan stood with a groan, brushed the grass off and felt a twinge of pain in his lower left shoulder as he had landed on a sharp rock that didn’t break the skin, but taking the advice he tried again. This time he managed to successfully straddle the powerful animal. Storm-shadow seemed impressed as he nodded.
“Hold the horn while squeezing your legs and do not even think of kicking my side like some common horse. Do it even once and I’ll throw your human flanks on the ground before you can blink.” Came the only warning.
Storm-shadow didn’t bother waiting for a reply as he felt Ethan clinch properly and took off at a progressive pace. A trot turned to a gallop before becoming a flat out sprint. Ethan was so scared he locked up, but when the Pegasai opened his wings and left the ground he stared at the wonder of the sprawling and wild landscape. Compared to Orlando, Gairlochy was a wilderness. The air was cool and cleaner, considerably so, but the majestic landscape and mountains were a sight to behold. To the west lay a river Ethan didn’t know the name to or even where Gairlochy even was on a map. Research was needed. Scotland he could point out, but that was the extent of his personal knowledge.
Miles ahead Ethan noticed something odd surrounding a gigantic area of forest. “Storm-shadow, what’s that odd shimmer?”
“Protection. The First House is protected from demons and keeps humans out of the area. They cannot step foot onto our land without permission. Also it alerts us to any beings that have malicious intentions. Chaos is restless, but thankfully they prefer night to attack.”
“Do you get attacked often?”
“Truthfully… some demons come each night, but those that do rarely make it out alive. But full battles occur rarely on our land. We’ve never lost a battle here. Mostly our forces are sent to major cities all over the world, to pick off any demons who step out of line. Likely you will be a great asset in some way. So long as you pass the barrier with beneficial intentions, you will not be harassed by the Gargoyles or perimeter guard. They can be temperamental and have little care who they get to fight so long as they get a challenge. If ever you are halted by them, do not proceed unless you want a claw stabbed in your soft belly.” Again Ethan gulped. “Welcome to the First House of Order!”
The shimmer they flew at tingled the senses, but then Ethan’s jaw dropped as far as it could naturally go.
Behind the protective curtain baffled Ethan’s mind again as what he first saw as a sprawling forest changed into a neat and orderly landscape of fields of lush grass where Pegesai herds were either busy eating from the lush meadow or running around for sheer enjoyment. Among the Pegesai were Centaur herds also playing or laying around, but one thing was clear, heads followed Storm-shadow. Another area held a lake clearer than any he had ever seen beside those in Spirit World. Below was a large stone wall that likely encircled the entire property as far as the eye could see and then some, where living Gargoyles stared up at them from atop, ever the vigilant protectors. But instead of being stone during the day like the myths, Gargoyles were hairless and even at a distance Ethan could see their monkey-like bodies, bat-like wings and muzzled faces hiding thick, deadly teeth. But their large eyes didn’t seem threatening for now. A half dozen suddenly jumped and flew near to get a closer look at the newest arrival, but Storm-shadow’s calm flight eased his rider’s worry. The Gargoyles wouldn’t win any prizes for beauty, but they waved clawed hands in a friendly way. Ethan returned the gesture, but maintained a death grip with his other on the horn. The friendly Gargoyles revealed thick canines in a gruesome smile before flapping away.
Over a ways grew a neat and orderly area of dense forest where about a hundred pale women, which looked butt naked, but were scantily clad women suddenly burst from the grove. Their greens and brown tops led Ethan to believe those were Nymphs, forest dwellers who were all female. Aside from their milky white skin, it was the shocking green hair that they all had that led him to believe it. They all ran, almost like they were late and the direction was clear as the open land had a prominent feature.
Few dwellings were built here and there, but he suspected they weren’t for living in. likely weapon lockers or prisons.
A huge granite castle stood proudly atop a gigantic hill where even a blind man could see it. It was a mile wide, long and a quarter tall. It was by far the largest building Ethan had ever seen or heard of on Earth. It was ancient, but was still strong even from such a distance. The castle rampart stretched all along its roof and would be a good defense for archers. Sitting in the center of the castle was a domed tower capable of overseeing everything. There were many entrances all around it. But unlike castes he’d seen in movies and pictures, Ethan was amazed by how bright and vibrant the structure was. Trees also grew on top of the roof and the spacing was too neat to not be natural and unplanned. Other beings with wings could also be seen flying around it. It didn’t fly a banner on a pole for just looking at how precise everything was maintained, screamed of someone with obsessive compulsive disorder, but kept everything so beautiful it was impossible not to stare. Decorative vines crawled up the giant building’s walls and were flowering brilliantly. The air was fresh and clean with a hint of fresh rain and flowers. Birds flew around, some carrying a mounted Pixie who wanted to ride, but Ethan noticed that absently.
“Impressive, isn’t it?” Storm-shadow asked and snickered as Ethan could barely nod. “It will take another minute or two to get there. As you can see, it is quite large. Most of it is empty year round, but out of all fifty Houses, this is the strongest. Its sheer size alone could safely hold every one of our worldwide forces, if we squeeze together. But it hasn’t served that purpose in over four centuries thankfully. There is no safer place in the whole world than right here and no human-made weapon could ever put a dent in the castle and no evil demon has ever set foot in its halls.”
“Just how old is it? I can’t tell.”
“I guess about four thousand or more years, but that was from its original concept. Over the years it has grown considerably.”
Then Ethan’s attention turned to the running Nymphs again as they swiftly ran on a wide path and eventually came to a stop where in front of the grand first entrance was a huge group waiting. When Ethan realized it was a reception his fear of standing in front of crowds went into overdrive. The Gargoyles went ahead to land over in an open space while Storm-shadow tilted forward and slowed the flight considerably.
A paved road grew larger and then Ethan was jarred some from the landing. The gold shoes loudly clopped forward as wings folded up against his side. All around them were wide eyes, pointing and whispers. Nearly all with a human shape carried either a bow or sword. But now that everyone was closer he could see a group of scaly Nagai, sensual and exotic Nymphs with a bow wrapped around them, Centaurs too were armed with a bow and some carried huge swords, other Pegesai, Pixies, several blue-skinned Ogres, Gargoyles and there were other creatures he didn’t quite know just yet. “Now you best dismount.”
“What? … oh, right.” Ethan was very self conscious at the moment and didn’t realize just how much his arms and legs screamed to relax. He forced them to and to dismount. He got his left foot out easily enough and when he went to climb down his right went forward again.
With a yelp of surprise, Ethan lost his balance and fell. The pavement was doubly more unforgiving and after the pain lessened he heard a crowd wide laugh at his expense. His right foot was still caught and made it unable to recover some dignity, but then the saddle disappeared when Storm-shadow touched the ruby.
“Certainly the worst first impression of my life.” Ethan mumbled.
“I have seen much worse.” Came a deep, humored voice.
Ethan turned around to find a huge man standing right behind him. The man stood a good seven feet tall and appeared early forties, but was knotted in muscles over every inch of his body. Bodybuilders would be envious. A head of thick blonde hair lay down his back to the shoulder blades in a single thick braid while a single ocean blue eye stared down at him as a wide beard braided in three sections couldn’t hide a smile. Where the other eye should be was just a hallow patch of white skin from scarring. In the man’s right hand was a seven foot tall lance made entirely of a dim gold metal with odd runes running its length. It had a dull orange sheen, but the business end was wickedly barbed and sharper than a razor. Belted at the man’s left hip was a wide-bladed broadsword with an overall length of four feet and it too also had the lance’s colorings. He wore dark brown pants with soft leather boots. Covering his torso was a white wolf’s pelt that did little to hide the deeply etched muscles.
“You must be Odin?” Ethan asked, feeling insignificant before the great man.
“What gave me away? Gungnir or the missing eye?” Odin asked.
“Gungnir is the spear right?”
“Aye. It has been with me for the past nineteen hundred years, Lad.”
Ethan choked. “Nineteen hundred? How can that be? You look human.”
Odin laughed and painfully slapped Ethan’s shoulder, not realizing his own strength. “Aye, I am human, but I offered Fate my eye in exchange for immortality and eternal service for Order’s just cause. It was a steep price to pay, but I enjoy a good fight.”
“Spoken like a Viking the Norse call the All Father.” Ethan commented and Odin flashed him a bright grin. “Sorry, where are my manners.” He bowed quickly and offered a hand. “Hello, I’m Ethan Volorum.”
“Well met, Ethan.” Odin grabbed the lad’s forearm tightly and Ethan hadn’t expected such a greeting. “I am Odin the All Father and leader of the First House of Earth’s Order. Now what gave me away?”
“The missing eye.” Ethan responded as soon as he was released. “So what’s the plan?”
Odin shook his head some and gestures to the crowd. “Now that is your decision. Fate was clear when he summoned the heads that whomever claimed you would give options for you to choose since he no longer writes your destiny. And since my influence is greatest I’ll give you the choice, but without knowing the extent of your abilities I cannot express where you’ll be most valuable.”
“Well I’m just as clueless. I don’t know how to use these powers I’m told I have. Fate didn’t give me an instruction manual…” Odin’s eye suddenly bore down in complete seriousness on Ethan. “Did I say something wrong?”
In a deep, commanding voice that wouldn’t allow any lies to pass, Odin asked “So you’ve not learned to use your Spirit Energy, Lad? You’ve seen no sign of your manifested power?”
“No.” he answered shakily.
The ancient Viking turned to the crowd and ordered decisively “The reception of our new brother will have to wait. For your own safety I must ask everyone to leave other than the Gargoyles. Ethan has not learned to use his power yet.” Many gasped and started immediately backing away, especially the near naked Nymphs. “When he learns about himself we will accept him.” Odin turned around. “Storm-shadow, you too must stay far for your own safety.” The Pegasus bowed and left stiffly.
“What’s going on, Odin? Am I that dangerous to be around?” Ethan asked. “And why are the Nymphs running away?”
The leader of the house fixed his one eye on a pair of grey to speak in a neutral tone. “Nymphs are fearful of untamed fire. They are one with the trees in which they live and will burn like any other wood. They might look like pale women who dye their hair, but that is far from the truth. They are plants, not animals. You are a Fire Elemental, of course they’d fear you, Lad. Only I and the fire resistant Gargoyles are safest near you. If you got angry and don’t know how to control your power it would be disastrous. Your tool would be a merciless weapon. One accidental spark could kill a Nymph and I will not endanger them. Fate is still a sneaky little bastard. I cannot believe he would leave you alone and not understand what now lays within you.” Odin shook his head.
Ten hairless Gargoyles approached and the largest of them said in a growling voice “Odin, we can use my den. The last fire-thrower used it to hone his skills and the magic users in particular use it for their more volatile experiments and dangerous tests.”
“Excellent idea, Kiroq. I had forgotten about the original purpose of your den.” Odin turned his head. “Ethan, this is Kiroq, general of the Gargoyles. I know you cannot understand him. Their kind can’t mimic human…” pronounced Key-rock.
“Actually I heard every word.” He interrupted and displayed the gold bands around his wrists. “My friend Kanade, a Spirit Guide, made me these fireproof translators.”
“Then it will make things simpler.” Kiroq stood on his hind legs and walked forward. His large ears were angled forward as he stood about five feet in height, but one swipe of those claws would eviscerate and disembowel with minimal effort. “Spirit Guide magic is potent and lasts so long as they do. They are invaluable gifts, treasure them.”
“I do, more than you will ever know.” Ethan replied.
“We must begin immediately. The entrance to my den is near. Until you learn control over the flame, you will not leave it.” Kiroq grunted and led the way towards one of the trees that line the road.
“How long do you believe it would take?” Ethan asked Odin as the muscled giant lifted Gungnir and walked beside him.
“Not long. Once you can harness your Spirit Energy it should be a simple matter. The only danger lays in emotion. One burst of uncontrolled anger could level acres in an instant. We should be safe to leave by the evening meal.”
“Speaking of, what things should I need to know about this place? Where can I buy food and things and just where did Floa send my belongings?”
“Ah, Floa.” Odin looked into the sky fondly and with lust. “It is good to have her back. Our children missed her.”
“Wait children? Between the two of you? How did that work? Never mind, I don’t think I want to know.” Ethan shook his head to clear out those thoughts.
Odin burst out laughing and slapping the younger man on the back. “Aye, she is feisty and no woman is her equal in bed. You need to remember Pixies are quite powerful, but when they take a human’s size they cannot fly. Don’t be fooled by her size, Lad. Floa can surprise you in many ways, but if I catch wind of her in your bed I’ll be quite…”
“Don’t worry about that, she isn’t my type at all.” Ethan waved his hands before a misunderstanding would happen. He wouldn’t want to anger an immortal Viking in any way.
“Oh, and what is your type? A Nymph? They are fun and spirited, not so much as a Pixie. Ogress’ are passionate and calming. Nagai are good lovers too… or are you already married to a fine woman who’ve given you proud sons?”
“None of the above, Odin.” Ethan looked at the bracelets as they were his only reminder of the one who had his heart. “Who I want I cannot have. I do not have a desire for another.”
“Ah.” Odin said as if it explained it all. “Time will tell, Lad. It always does.” Getting back to the earlier questions, the spear toting warrior said “What you need to know here at this House is to always be honest. One lie will land you in a heap of trouble and here we settle our disputes in combat or some form of acceptable trade in a quest. Here, one’s word is unbreakable so never give it if you intend to destroy everyone’s trust. Come when summoned and arrive on time. Being late without a legitimate excuse will automatically send you alone on a demon hunt as punishment since you were told to be a new warrior in our ranks. Any emergencies must be attended to and a call to arms must be answered. I do not abide cowards, nor do any Houses.
“Your quarters will be decided once an occupation is found. Cook serves three meals a day in the hall at six, noon and six at night. Food is free and she’ll ready anything you ask for. We do not give coin around here. We earn by working for points, which can be used around the world. Slacking in any way will only allow the demons a greater foothold. To get objects from the outside world will cost effort. I’ll have Storm-shadow introduce you to Tattoo, my second in command. He can get you anything… and I do mean anything.” Odin’s one eye twinkled meaningfully. “Any questions so far?”
“I wish I had a pen and piece of paper.” Ethan remarked and earned a grin beneath the beard. “Ok so it’s be honest, lies get your ass kicked, punctuality is key, tardiness is punished by demon hunting, if danger nears all must fight, you don’t know where I’ll stay yet, free food, get stuff through effort or slaying, talk to someone named Tattoo right?” Odin nodded, seeing the lad hadn’t lost his cool yet. “What else? Is there a curfew or something?”
This question prompted Kiroq and the Gargoyles to stop and face the pair. The Gargoyle general opened his short muzzle to say “From what I’ve seen of your skill so far I cannot permit you out on the grounds at night. At least not till you lose some weight and find a mentor to teach combat effectiveness. You cannot even dismount Storm-shadow properly. You are going to be a hindrance and get yourself killed… again. An untested Elemental is too dangerous if a demon wave attacks and breaches the perimeter.”
The honest bluntness of the words slapped Ethan in the face. But the embarrassment turned to anger and Ethan felt a rumble grow in his chest.
The ten Gargoyles jumped back as one and growled back with danger written in their fearsome expression. Their yellow eyes burned angrily.
“Enough!” Odin commanded and slammed Gungnir’s round end on the ground and the forceful impact made the ground tremble beneath their feet.
Realizing what he just did, Ethan felt mortified and bowed to the cringing Gargoyles. “I’m so sorry, I didn’t mean to growl. I thought I finally got rid of that old childhood habit. My anger was misplaced, Kiroq. It’s just… I know my own faults and don’t need them thrown in my face. I’ve never been in a serious fight before… other than getting my butt kicked in school from bullies and the first person I ever really punched was Fate.”
Odin roared with laughter and slapped Ethan back so hard it threw him forward and flat on his face. His head turned up when he saw a pair of dark brown clawed feet and his heart sped up till all he heard was his pulse and knew he was at the mercy of Kiroq now. The street was warm beneath the sun, but inside he felt a deep chill. Ethan didn’t move till strong, but gentle hands pulled up on his arms and leaned him back. Ethan stood on his knees and stared face to face with the largest of the Gargoyles and didn’t budge while Odin continued laughing. “You are humble for a human, Ethan Volorum. I did not mean offence, just stating a fact for your own well being. We just did not expect a growl and our instincts made us react. You say it was a habit to growl? But humans cannot growl.”
“As a child I had anger issues and would growl when mad. I try to keep my anger in check, but it’s been more than ten years since I’ve done it and got caught. I do not ever wish to challenge you and I was told that your kind do not let challengers live once a fight begins.”
“In this, you are correct, unless it is stated that the challenge is to train.” Kiroq brushed off Ethan’s shirt. “Stand up… wait… look at your hands.”
Odin and everyone stopped moving and looked to Ethan’s hand.
Both had turned a deep mottled red like it received too much blood and tingled almost like they were somewhat asleep, but Ethan looked down to see the ends of his long sleeves smoking yet felt no heat. An image sprung in his mind of both hands being bathed in flames and Ethan felt he wanted to see it.
Suddenly the angry red in his hands burst into bright hot orange flames that made his skin almost glow. His sleeves caught instantly on fire and the suddenness of being on fire was too much. “AH!!!” Ethan flailed his arms as if the fast motion would put them out. It was instinctive. Then he started rolling on the ground as he yelled more to himself “Stop, drop and roll! Stop, drop and roll!”
Kiroq gestured and immediately ten heavy Gargoyles leapt on him and pinned him down. Flames didn’t bother Gargoyles who were naturally resistant to fire thanks to skin as hard as granite, which is where the myth actually originated. Their flesh might be hard but they felt smooth like sculpted marble. They spread their wings and wove them together like a dome so the fires didn’t escape and cause havoc. The leader looked into the Elemental’s frightened grey eyes and in a surprisingly calm voice said “Relax, Ethan, you control the flames. They obey you and you alone. Tell it to snuff itself out.”
The wild, frightened look in his eyes slowly returned and the Gargoyles purred when they felt him stop resisting beneath their touch. The mental image of his hands on fire came back, but Ethan felt it was enough and with a soft ‘whoosh’ the flames died like a candle being blown out. Only then did the Gargoyles release their unbreakable grasp and step back.
Ethan smelled the smoke of burnt cotton as he sat up and took in his arms. His sleeves were now ash and his shirt had been ruined beyond repair, but his arms were unharmed. The gold bangles were unscathed and without blemish, but aside from soot on his arms, nothing happened and the mottled redness in his hands had turned a more healthy pink again. When his inspection ended he looked around at the ring of Gargoyles who all seemed impressed.
“Now you see why you are dangerous, even to yourself.” Odin said as he stepped behind three of the shorter creatures. “We leave to teach you control.”
“Agreed. Stand and we will make haste.” Kiroq then turned around and moved quickly.
Standing again, Ethan didn’t yet remove his tattered shirt, but thankful his pants were just slightly singed. He and Odin quickly moved thirty more yards in silence to a large tree. He wondered what was going on. Then he got an answer.
The Gargoyle general stuck a long arm in a hole of the tree and there came a click along with a grinding noise. All watched as a section of grass lifted up out of the ground to reveal a thick roof/door to a cave, but instead of it being dark, dank and depressing it was cool, bright and inviting. The general led the way and as Odin followed last down an ancient stone stairwell the entrance lowered and sealed them all inside. Oddly enough sat a blazing feather sealed in a crystal ball contained in a brazier all along the wall down. The feather was a mix of orange and red, but Ethan felt need to ask “What kind of feather is that that burns without oxygen and doesn’t eat up the feather itself?”
Odin smiled and his eye opened wide at a sudden thought, but he’d need to wait till he knew if the idea was possible so he hid his expression quickly. “These are phoenix feathers. The eternal bird. Their fire burns forever and can be harnessed and trapped in a special glass to give light for all time. A shed feather is quite rare and it is what lights most everything the houses need.”
“Really? A phoenix? Do they really combust and from the ashes are born anew?” Ethan excitedly asked, taking in the next feather down the steps.
“Not exactly. They live forever, consumed in their own flames. The only way to kill one is to soak it with enough water to put out all its flames. But they can lay a few eggs every five hundred years so they are by far the rarest living creature. Only two hundred and six still live. It is quite sad to see a phoenix die. When their mate goes, the other will dive into the nearest body of water to join them. I’ve seen it once and the sadness is great.”
Eventually they reached Kiroq’s den and Ethan saw it was a lavish cave with three doors, but this first room had three large sofas and the biggest flat screen, HD TV one could buy with a whole wall entirely dedicated to movies. Ethan was impressed with the collection, but he couldn’t take the time to admire the collection. The group walked to a door with some form of runes etched into solid stone with even more symbols on a solid steel door. When it was opened it turned out to be fifteen inches thick, like a bank vault, but once opened completely the inner side was jet black as if scorched countless times. Kiroq then said “This room is enchanted against all manner of dangerous Spirit Energy. These symbols contain and dissipate any dangers while also dampening sounds. It helps greatly when I’m off duty and want to watch something and not be bothered.”
Inside was just a slightly smoky smelling black cave. It was little more than fifty feet across and twenty high. Only a stack of fresh wood waited inside. Then the door closed and sealed all twelve inside. “Is this place air tight? I don’t know about you, but I don’t want to burn up all the oxygen now that I know I can actually make fire.”
“Air comes in from the floor and smoke is released above.” Odin lessened the worry. “Now we must begin.”





Chapter 5

The Norse All Father had Ethan move and sit in the center of the room, which he didn’t object to. The Gargoyles spread themselves out, but Kiroq stood and held Gungnir when offered and popped his knuckles as if readying for battle. “Alright, Lad, now we can safely let the sparks fly. You sure did a warm display outside for the first time. And do not fear, you cannot harm anyone in this room. Tell me how it felt.”
Ethan knew this man wanted facts, direct ones. “Well… I remember a tingling sensation…”
“Good. Manifested Spirit Energy does that. Did it feel like when your leg goes to sleep and it’s like ants crawling under your skin?” Odin asked as if he’d done this thousands of times. Ethan knew at least that was common for a man of his age.
“Yes, Sir. Exactly like that. It was odd… then an image of my hand on fire just popped into my head and I wanted to see what it was like and then suddenly my hands were really on fire. When I saw it I well… freaked out.”
Odin laughed and put a hand casually on his sword. “Aye, it was damn funny. Stop, drop and roll! I nearly wet myself.”
“But something’s weird, Odin.” Ethan blanched as he tried not to laugh as well when he thought about how childish it sounded for a man to yell that.
“Oh? How so? Speak up, Lad.”
“Well it was the flames… I couldn’t really feel any heat.”
“No heat ya say? Hmm…” Odin stroked his beard thoughtfully. “Well you control fire so it wouldn’t be good to burn yourself alive. I sure felt your heat though. The Gargoyles restricted the flames well enough with their bodies topside, but it was right crispy from where I stood. If your immune to fire, as it seems, then no heat will affect you like the rest of us. Fate said you come from the States, Florida I believe?” he got a nod of confirmation. “Been there and hate the summers. Think back, did you get overheated after you came back to life?”
Ethan thought of yesterday’s walk home and his eyes widened. “Now that you mention it, no. I got warm, but my shirt wasn’t soaked as it would have been. It was a bit sweaty from the long walk, but I didn’t need to stand in the shade and cool off like usual and when I fell down outside from you slapping my back, the road wasn’t anywhere near as scalding as it should have.”
“Then only when you work up a sweat you heat up. Warm to hot atmospheric conditions won’t affect you. Later we’ll see if ice or boiling water works.” Odin leveled his eye. “What? Just because I’m old doesn’t mean I’m inarticulate. I adapt to the world, Lad. Now focus on the task. You know you won’t burn yourself from your first accident.” He began the lesson. “All beings have energy, even demons. Spirit Energy come from those with souls. Our power manifests as a tingling sensation and each being has different limits. Your ability is potentially among the most powerful, if history is any indication to a human’s limits. I fought a Fire Elemental once and killed him, but I had to regenerate nearly a thousand times before Gungnir could skewer the fool. It was by far my most painful week of life. He was so hot even the Gargoyles couldn’t approach and they can withstand temperatures up to nearly three thousand degrees Fahrenheit or sixteen hundred Celsius, whichever you prefer. But it’ll take a while for you to learn that kind of control.”
“Besides immortality, do you have any other powers?” Ethan asked while he had the chance since the man seemed busy.
Odin nodded as it was only fair. “I no longer sleep except one week each year. The Odin’s Sleep. Also I’m slightly stronger than when I was a true human with no talent to mold my Spirit Energy. And over the years I’ve picked up a few spells from our casters. But only Gungnir and my sword are my main methods of vanquishing foes. No matter where I am, I can call upon them to fight at any time.” The Viking’s one blue eye focused. “Now that you felt the sensation of your Spirit Energy, remember it and do as before, but no jumping around.”
“Won’t happen again, Sir… I mean I’ll try my best. Catching on fire intentionally is still hard to take in.”
Ethan went silent and looked at his hands while remembering what it felt like. A whole minute passed, but he gasped as he didn’t realize he held his breath. It didn’t work, but then he remembered his emotions at the time and saw his hands go from healthy pink to angry red. As before, his hands ignited and he stepped back from just how quickly the flames burst, but he recovered before a Gargoyle needed to step in. He then smiled while saying “Cool!” and watching as the flames engulfed his hand like a glove doused in gas, but without the feeling of heat or the smell of the flammable liquid. He turned his hand this way and that, taking everything in.
Suddenly a large hand grabbed his and there came an instant sound of sizzling skin and burnt hair. Ethan gasped as Odin had silently came close and grabbed on. Appalled to hurt the man, the flames seemed to shift a moment before dying instantly. Odin took his hand away. “Are you okay? Let me see your hand.”
Instead, Odin held up a calloused hand had that instantly bubbled and burned, but Ethan watched as the skin repaired itself in seconds. If not for the profuse sweat and momentary pain in the one remaining eye it would seem the man was immune to physical pain. The man balled his fist as if nothing occurred before saying “A moment before your flames died I found you can chose who and who not to burn. Do it again, but this time think about not hurting me.” The flaming hands reappeared much more easily the second time and Odin grabbed the flame without pause. “See? You control the fire and how it reacts. Like any tool it is all about intent. I does not burn me, but I still feel the heat it gives off everywhere except for my hand.”
A moment later Ethan said “It won’t stop the radiant heat. Last time it took just a thought to not burn you. It isn’t going to work. For some reason I just know it.”
Odin released his hold and stepped back. “Expected as much. You control fire, but the heat it produces is much more difficult to stop. Now that you can chose who and who not to burn alive, try keeping only one hand lit.” A thought was all that was needed to succeed. “Well done. See if your clothes can resist the flames.”
His hand went to his abdomen with the intention of not burning and Ethan let out a whoop of joy when what was left of his shirt remained. He then knew it was ruined so he told the fire to spread all over his body and the flames obliged. His intention to keep his pants good and not his shirt, immediately vaporized. “Oh, this is so cool!”
The others chuckled as they watched his whole body lightly aflame. The room’s temperature started rising, but only Odin seem must uncomfortable. When the new guest realized this he made the flames go away. They quickly vanished with a ‘whoosh’. “I knew you would learn quickly. Now try to see if you can extend the range of your flames. Shoot a stream of fire at the logs.”
Fire shot from Ethan’s palm for over ten feet like a human flamethrower. It was too easy a task. In seconds all the wood was blaze.
Once it sustained itself he was forced to make it die and again it was as simple as putting out his hand. Odin walked him through every method conceivable. Next he merely told the logs to relight without fire shot from a hand and in seconds it flared out of seemingly nowhere. It was also proven exterior fire was useless as he grabbed a random log completely burning on its own and other than a soft warmth, he felt nothing other than the flames tickling.
After an hour of tests from both Odin and Kiroq to see the extent of his abilities the leader of the First House asked one of the Gargoyles to go find a glass of water. It opened the thick steel door silently and left to shut it. Meanwhile he said “Ethan, it is abundantly clear now you are aware of your powers and how to safely execute them. We will not start combat training till tomorrow, but prepare yourself.” Odin warned. “You can take and withstand great temperatures, but I’m going to make it cold in here.” He then pointed a finger in the air and started drawling invisible lines with a faintly glowing fingertip, but Ethan knew something was up.
The warm and comfortable feel of the room bottomed out. It dropped ten degrees per second and without a shirt Ethan felt it more so. The Gargoyles might have been naked, but they were a hearty race and could instantly adapt unlike other beings. Frost started forming on the floor, walls and ceiling and crept faster and faster. Soon Ethan felt himself shivering, but Odin, as the invoker of the power, was unaffected. It went below zero and continued till Ethan knew he could withstand no more.
Summoning his newfound powers, flames shrouded his body in a protective cocoon of self-preservation. Stark white skin over his entire cold body became bright red. It was so cold he could barely think, but his instincts saved him and in moments the shivering stopped as his blood warmed. His mind cleared and violent shaking ceased, but he retained the protective flames. When Odin didn’t stop, Ethan figured it was yet another test. The flames covering his body, as he imagined, were like Johnny Storm’s from the Fantastic Four, but he could be seen through the blaze and flying was beyond impossible. He tried in the privacy in his mind, but failed. Focusing, the flames grew larger and hotter. Odin nodded for him to continue while his finger kept air-writing.
Heat doubled and soon the frost began to recede in the war of climate. It got hotter and hotter till the room returned to balmy. “Enough!” Odin said and Ethan ended his flames a moment before the All Father stopped what he was doing. “You just defeated the strongest ice spell I can create. I’m by no means a master as a natural born Wizard, but that display was evident you are susceptible to cold as any person, but can protect yourself from a strong enemy. Fire truly is the strongest element. How did it feel?”
“Easy as breathing once I warmed back up. I felt I could have gone much hotter.”
“You are not yet ready to go to such extremes.” Odin decided. “You show remarkable talent with your gift, but precise control still eludes you. Do not tempt it.” The door opened and the Gargoyle returned with a full glass of water. “You will need much practice, but at least now I do not need to fear my people getting accidently set on fire. There are many skills an Elemental can use that even I am not aware, but you are on the correct path.” He took the glass offered up and said “Thank you.” The Gargoyle bowed and resumed his place. “Ethan, now we need to see if it’s actually just warmer temperatures you are immune to. Take this and bring it to a boil.”
He took the glass and hesitantly brought it to a rolling boil in seconds. Then he quickly stuck a finger in and quickly removed it. He blinked as the visibly hot water felt little warmer than a hot bath. He brought it to his lips and prepared to burn his mouth, but nothing happened. He drank, but his stomach didn’t react in any way. He was startled from his mental muteness by Odin’s clapping.
“Wonderful, Lad. Heat doesn’t harm you whatsoever. No wonder the other House heads want you. Your potential is just astounding, but now we must decide on an issue.”
“Issue? What did I do now?”
Odin ginned manically. “I know recently your life has been worse than most in so short a time and you made honest mistakes, but what I’m referring to is where your quarters will be and what occupation will best suit you before your ready to help defend against Chaos.”
“Oh!” Ethan blushed in embarrassment as he made yet another wrong conclusion. “Well where is there a lacking need you think I might fit in?”
Odin knew the best place, but he would give options as he had promised. “Until you can earn your keep in combat I would suggest… oh helping to shoe the Pegesai, create new bows for our archers through fire hardening, clean the main house since it does require much maintenance, aid Cook with the dishes, help our blacksmith forge new weapons, tend the yard and make sure all is trim and orderly, maintain our arsenal of close and ranged weapons…”
“Wait what was that about forging weapons?” Ethan interrupted.
Suddenly all the Gargoyles howled in laughter, but Odin said “Don’t mind them, Lad.”
“What did I say? That one hit the floor and is rolling around he’s laughing so hard.” Ethan pointed to one who went into another fit of laughter.
“I repeat, Lad, pay them no mind. Actually I was hoping you would consider that option. Our resident Forgemaster is working as fast as she can, but it takes more than two weeks just to produce a simple sword that might last for a century or two before its useless and until we get a new Enchanter to immortalize the weapon we’ll need more swords, lances and other tools with the greatest quality. She is a bit… picky who she allows into the business and if you can win her over you’ll find your place here quickly. You’ll find no better master than her anywhere in the universe.”
“Well when I played Dungeons & Dragons I always preferred dwarves as my character since they were always known to be excellent smiths. And since I can’t be burned it would be a great skill to learn… If she allows it. Sir, if it doesn’t work out I can try other things, but if I’m to fight, working as a smith might help me shed a few pounds.” Ethan said optimistically. “Any advice on how to get on her good side though?”
“Not that I know of, Lad. She is a right piece of work, that one. Storm-shadow will take you to her tonight. She usually sleeps during the day as it is easier to see the metal and work it in the dark.” To the others Odin gave a silencing look which wiped the smirks from their muzzles. “Let us return to the surface and give a proper introduction.”
“Sir, I think I’ll need a shirt if you’re going to parade me around.”
“Here, take my pelt and return it after you change.” Odin tossed the white wolf skin over and revealed there to be more muscles than one could imagine.
As Ethan gave thanks and slid it on he said “Odin, did dwarves forge Gungnir like the myths say?”
The old man in a middle age body shook his head. “No, Celestia, our Forgemaster, you’ll meet after the evening meal is who created Gungnir for me when Fate granted me mortal immortality. Dwarves are imaginary tales and were simply small humans with a genetic quirk. Rumors grew, but were false. Come, let us rejoin and welcome you properly.”
On the way back through the room and while Ethan was tugging the wolf pelt around, he felt less self conscious with something on, but knew he would never fit the style as well as the old Viking who probably killed the poor animal, skinned and treated it into clothing. Then he was surprised yet again as Odin asked “So did it feel good to land a blow on Fate?”
“Hurt like punching a stone wall.” Came the answer after a pause of consideration. “As a test he set an apartment on fire that would have killed all the tenants, my ex and brother among them.”
Odin’s expression hardened and he nodded. “Aye, I’d punch him for even thinking of harming my kin for a trial. So, what happened?”
“I threw a spirit egg into the blaze and stopped it. I don’t think anyone was really hurt. My brother and my ex got out…”
A large hand against his chest stopped Ethan cold. “Fate gave you a spirit egg?”
“Yes, Sir. That was the test he gives those for a second chance. If I had held onto it, it would have hatched and eaten my soul and destroyed it.”
Odin shook his head slowly and started climbing the stairs. “Good thing the little bastard doesn’t hold much of a grudge. I’ve also landed a blow on Fate and it’s as you say, hitting a wall. From the way you spoke of your kin and former mistress, I take it your parting didn’t go well.”
“How would you take it if you caught your brother nailing your girlfriend?”
“Personally? I would have beheaded him or given him the blood-eagle. But all the lovers I’ve had over the years… well I’d be killing too many if I still stuck to the old ways. And my children would get mad at me. But Ethan, is your brother with the woman who you want and cannot have?”
“Not even close. Jenny can’t even hold a candle to her. We met only recently, but I won’t ever find anyone as special as her. Every time I close my eyes to blink I see her. I can’t get her out of my mind… But enough about me for now. I’m curious about what you said earlier about your… well lifestyle. You and Floa have kids, but are they half Pixies?”
“Hardly.” Odin chuckled as Kiroq opened the front and outside sunlight streamed in.
“ODIN!!!” came a small but chiming voice as Floa flew down the tunnel and flitted to his muscled shoulder. “My nose itched. Were you talking about me?”
The Viking laughed. “Actually Ethan was curious about our children and wondered if they are half Pixies?”
Floa twinkled a laugh as if that was the funniest joke of all before turning her tiny face in Ethan’s direction. “You have so much to learn, but no. Interspecies couplings are quite common in all but the Centaur race. As for all of my babies, all females are Pixies like me, but my sons take after whoever their father is. Pixies are all female, like Nymphs. We can breed with any creature with a stiff rod. But out of all my lovers Odin is by far the most handsome.” She smile and pat his bearded cheek. “Nymphs are the same way. All Nymphs are female, but their sons reflect their father… I just visited all our daughters who still live here and they all want to meet Ethan. How did his training go?”
“Show her.” Odin prompted the Elemental.
Deciding on how to surprise Floa best, an evil grin spread on Ethan’s face. Without any warning Floa and Odin’s entire shoulder was enshrouded it flame. The Pixie screamed and instinctively took off and escaped to pat her fair green skin down and circle in the air to see if her wings were on fire. Ethan canceled the flames when she saw she was unscathed.
Hands on her tiny round hips, Floa said “That wasn’t nice! But at least I didn’t get burned. I know you can control actual flame and not simple illusions because the heat is still prickling my wing-scales… Still if you do it again you bastard I hope you can fly or you’ll suddenly disappear and find yourself a thousand feet from the ground without a parachute.” She flitted back down to Odin’s shaking shoulder as he resisted another laugh. “So what is next, Handsome?”
They all stepped outside and onto the relatively empty road just before the entrance automatically dropped and became hidden among the rest of the ground. “Actually I would like to ask if you could go to wherever you stashed the lad’s belongings and bring him a tunic. While I’ve got you here and all.”
“Be right back.” She chimed and clapped her hands to disappear. While she was gone Kiroq told the other Gargoyles to fly to the Nymphs and tell all is safe and to meet in the main hall after. Odin though shouted loudly for Storm-shadow who was grazing far away. In a minute she reappeared on one of her many lovers’ shoulder again, struggling to hold a silver long sleeve shirt Ethan recognized instantly. With all the strength her tiny body could hold she grunted.
Ethan reached out and took it while saying “Thank you, Floa.” She sighed and lounged on Odin’s collarbone as if it were a seat while Ethan took off the pelt and returned it to its rightful owner. He quickly pulled it on and felt much more comfortable around everyone.
“A few hours still remain before the evening meal.” Kiroq mentioned while looking at the position of the sun. “What would be best, Odin?”
“I’ve already allowed the entire House a day of leisure for Ethan’s arrival. Many wish to meet him and the sooner he learns his comrades and they learn to trust, we should immerse him so his initial impression doesn’t make the rest of the House think he’ll be a hindrance. We need to correct the misunderstandings.” Odin and the others looked up when a sleek black Pegasai swooped around and down to walk over. “Good timing, Storm-shadow. We were just heading inside. Please take Ethan to your stables while everyone comes in. I’m going to invite all who wish to come and greet out newest arrival, but find Tattoo and Gra to meet Ethan in private first and explain how we run the house.”
Storm-shadow bowed his head. “It will be done, Lord Odin. Come along now, Ethan.”
Never in so short a time had Ethan been dismissed so many times before, but his curiosity could wait. These were important people who all had a lot on their plate. As Ethan walked off with the stallion he glanced over his shoulder as the Viking, Gargoyle general and Pixie spoke in hushed toned. He so wanted to hear what was said, but so far he had been treated with open honesty. The single road was lined with ancient trees that made a canopy overhead like some kind of open tunnel as it led straight to the gigantic castle’s primary entrance. After getting out of earshot Storm-shadow asked “How did you manage? Did you learn to use fire?”
“See for yourself.” Ethan lifted a hand which grew red in an instant and burst into a flame glove. Enjoying Storm-shadow’s reaction, Ethan said “And I can control it so easily. Just a thought of intention and I can even select what I want and don’t want to burn. Watch.” He quickly stepped over to the edge of the road and collected two blades of grass. Both fit between his thumb and forefinger before being surrounded by flame. Though the twin blades were side by side, only one charred before turning into ash. “Cool huh?”
“No, it is hot.” The stallion responded directly. “I’m glad you found your skill effortless to use in so short a time. Tell me what else you know how to do.”
Ethan was all too eager to resist and went in detail on all he tried and learned of his newfound power. Storm-shadow was highly attentive and asked questions, some were unanswerable, but the Pegasai has a relaxed and sagely personality.
Along the way Ethan spotted tiny faces of Pixies in the trees and when he waved they giggled like little girls and disappeared. Well they were little women, but that wasn’t the point. Also Ethan got a closer view of the provocatively clothed Nymphs when one was lounging on a tree limb and sang to a group of birds. The Nymph had mossy green hair that draped down her back in ringlets, but long pointy ears stuck out like an Elf. She had creamy olive tone skin and bright green eyes. For clothes she wore a carved bark top to hold well endowed breasts threaded with vines to act as a natural bra while a thong made of some leafy fabric rode up between her butt cheeks while also covering enough of her front to not be considered naked. But on her skin were faint scars earned through years of combat, but her entrancing birdsong proved her spirits remained high. She didn’t bother to look down as they passed her perch.
Each step brought them closer to the giant southern main entrance. It wasn’t even near the mountainous Spirit World palace’s front entryway, but the front entrance stood over a hundred feet in the air. Pixies and Pegesai zipped in and out of the opening while many others who were land based did the same. Now that they got closer Ethan noticed a moat that presumably encircled the entire hill the castle occupied. More like a river. They walked to a drawbridge made of wood so thick that whole mature trees of some kind were used. Foot thick circular chains were angled and bolted into the lowered bridge and the end disappeared through a hole to either side of the stone wall. Slightly hanging was an open portcullis that could be dropped to prevent anyone from entering in an emergency. All around it were protective runes, on the walls, wood, chains and even on the portcullis.
Ethan poked his head down towards the crystal clear moat and gasped as a pair of slit green eyes the size of a boulder looked back. The eyes were attached to a giant snake with a flicking tongue scenting the air and was twice as long as Storm-shadow. He gasped and jumped back. “What is that?!” He demanded and though the snake’s head couldn’t be seen, the exceptionally long body in clear water was. “It’s a colossal freaking cottonmouth!”
His surprise drew heads from three nearby large male Centaurs, four Pegesai and two Pixy before they looked into the moat and started laughing.
Storm-shadow snickered while the giant snake in question reared its neck up and out of the water to fix those mesmerizing green eyes on the tiny human creature and its white mouth opened to reveal two tucked fangs and rows of curved teeth that would never release its prey and hissed like a roaring tidal wave. Big, fat drops of water tinkle off its shiny dark orange and black striped scales. “I am Jormungandr, the World SSSnake. Who are you? I know not your ssscent.”
“Sorry, I do not think I can pronounce your name, but I’m sorry for insulting you. I’m Ethan Volorum, uh… the Fire Elemental.”
Jormungandr came closer and Ethan stepped back in fright. Storm-shadow whispered “Hold still. You are not an enemy so do not fear him.”
Fighting against every screaming instinct to run for it, Ethan shook yet held his ground, but then the giant surprisingly said “Jormun is assseptable. SSSo you are what the houssse isss ssso alive for today. SSShow me your flamesss.”
Not bothering to try the super-sized snake’s patience Ethan burst completely in flames out of sheer terror. Storm-shadow leapt away in surprise and the other creatures stared with wide eyes. Only the World Snake’s eyes didn’t show fear. Its giant head nodded as if this reaction were just as he believed. “Good. Elementalsss tassste bad and alwaysss gave me indigessstion. I didn’t mean to frighten. I protect the houssse from all large threatsss. In winter I will likely call for your asssissstanccce.” Jormungandr then lowered his scaly head into the water as he finished speaking and all that came next was crashing waves till the water settled.
The fire vanished and Storm-shadow returned when the heat dissipated. Nothing of Ethan was harmed, but he had been deeply rattled. “Are you well?”
Instead came the question “Didn’t the myth say Thor and… uh Jormun? were to fight in Ragnarok, the end of days? That was one topic I remember in mythological studies.”
“That was a bit of an exaggeration. Actually Thor and Jormun like to play-fight every time they see each other. A mortal mistakenly saw them playing a thousand years or so ago and the rumor turned into an exaggerated myth. Thor heads the Fifth House just so you know and yes, Odin sired him. His mother was a Naga and is the only one alive to carry both traits after he hatched and his strength is second only to Odin himself.” Storm-shadow informed.
“How could anything fight” Ethan almost said ‘that’ but thought better of it and went with “him? Jormun just scared the living hell out of me. How can a snake get so big?”
“Come, I will explain along the way.” The stallion moved forward. All other beings moved back after seeing Ethan’s fiery display. “It is told that in Odin’s earlier years in Order that he was almost eaten by a powerful dragon, but Jormun was like any other snake at the time and bit the dragon, delivering all his venom. The effects slowed the dragon enough for Odin to pierce its heart, but it fell on Jormun, flattening him. Odin pleaded that the snake be spared since it saved him and the Spirit King actually intervened to change Jormun into what you just saw. Ever since, he has been the moat monster that has been faithful to Order. But he loves fighting dragons and eating smaller demons who foolishly get close. He’s actually a good being to know, once you learn to look past his immense size and appearance.”
“I’ll keep my fear thank you. It seems to be all that is keeping me from getting killed… again.”
Storm-shadow laughed at that. “Ethan, you might be a foal to the rest of us, but in reality, we are more fearful of you.”
“Doubt that.” Ethan shivered while looking over his shoulder to the undulating river-moat.
“Blake! Just the Naga I was looking for!” Storm-shadow snickered as they finished crossing the enormous drawbridge.
Ethan looked at the Naga approaching. At a distance it looked like a man, but up close it wasn’t close. Snakelike scales covered every inch of Blake’s six and a half foot height. A long articulating tail maintained balance, but he wore black pants without shoes. Three clawed fingers and a thumb were on either long arm. His scales were a dark brown except for the pearly white of his chest, just like a snake’s underbelly. Slit eyes were a bit disconcerting, but were open and honest. His thin lips were pulled up in a smile, but revealed small, sharp teeth. Hanging from either hip were long bladed katanas while a baldric crossed over the shirtless chest carried a broadsword strapped to his back. “What can I do for you, Storm?” the speckled brown and gold reptilian eyes looked between them.
“I would like to introduce Ethan, our newest ally and my companion. He is doing well considering, but Odin says Tattoo and Gra need to speak with him. Can I ask for you to find them and ask they meet at my stable?”
“I’m not doing anything, Old Friend. Sure!” Blake then turned his attention and took in the newest recruit. “So you’re the new famous Elemental? Quite the entrance earlier. From what I saw it was your first time riding?” he got an embarrassed nod. “Figured. Well you’ll learn quickly enough. Never a dull day. While I’ve got you here, have you considered a combat instructor?”
“Not really…”
Blake cut him off with what would be a dazzling smile to a Naga. “Great, you’ll be my pupil starting tomorrow morning. Meet me here on the bridge at eight in the morning.”
“But…”
“Ethan,” Storm-shadow interrupted and spoke directly. “take his offer. The Naga are all masters of the sword and Blake is of the best who ever lived. His records are indisputable. I would insist Blake tend to your lessons because if Gra hears you require a teacher she’ll send one of her elite Amazons. Believe me when I say you’re better with Blake for if an Amazon is selected your bruises will be greater and you’ll learn far slower for they teach weaker males to either kill them or be killed. Amazons teach males for only four months and challenge them to a death match, rarely do both walk out and that only happens if the male forces surrender from her lips or grants mercy.”
“Then I’ll be here in the morning.” Ethan decided and Blake nodded before walking off to go find Tattoo and Gra.
“Now we go to my stable and I introduce my mate while we wait.” They walked inside.”
Wonders continued humbling Ethan as he looked deep into the castle. The long hall was filled with dozens of exceptionally long tables that were each no less than two hundred feet long and had accommodating sections for each being’s needs. There were benches where humanoid beings could sit while pallets filled with soft looking pillows where Centaur and Pegesai could lay down at the table. Along the walls flickered glass orbs, each containing one phoenix feather. Running down the center of the expansive hall was bright tile with three burning hearths where smaller tables merrily basked in the flames and Ethan noticed a blue-skin Ogre clinking a glass of wine with a Nymph that seem to enjoy each other’s company. A group of Nagai were all passing around a new sword imbued with expensive gems while a Pixie played tricks on what could only be an Amazonian woman.
Ethan didn’t expect Storm-shadow’s words to come true to his imagination, but these women were unmistakably body builders, but by how relaxed they were it was clear they didn’t need to do much to remain so frightening. If Amazons were regular human woman they would each need to work out for hours each day and would make even a young Arnold Schwarzenegger feel pitiful. But Kanade once explained that Amazons were stronger than any living male human as their supernatural power lay in superior strength. He could now see Amazons earned their fearsome reputation. His sweeping gaze found dozens more tall and muscular women and their style wasn’t as revealing as a green haired Nymph, but each Amazon had a similar style of dress, a two piece metal bikini or wore a chainmail bra. Just like most others, they too carried a deadly weapon, either a lance, sword, dagger or bow.
A small herd of Centaur women, all females seeming to have a white horse half while males were either ebony or chestnut colored, were merrily washing dishes in a modern sink and watched fondly as their foals galloped and played over in an open section. Many of the half human/horse men watched Ethan very closely and seemed to naturally put themselves between him and their foals, but didn’t seem rude about it.
The castle though seemed to have blended ancient ways with some modern technology. A group of Pixies and two bare chest female Nagai sat in front of one of over a hundred flat screen TV’s and watched some romantic chick-flick. Like humans, female Nagai also have a pair of breasts, but without a nipple.
Around all these strange and amazing creatures Ethan noticed a few humans, mostly women in colorful dresses. Many carried a book, likely of spells which made them some kind of Witch. Several men of varying ages carried a staff etched with runes Ethan began to associate with magic. One man though was followed by a pack of six Timberwolves and looked like a Wildman himself.
Ethan knew that certain species had usually a particular trait and power, but human’s could have any power imaginable, if they were blessed to see beyond the veil of the supernatural by either Fate’s plan or through some immense traumatic event which would bring forth their hidden power to protect themselves. Casters though were born from bloodlines and weren’t like normal people. Least not entirely. He himself was proof for though he could control fire, he couldn’t do things that other humans he looked at would be capable.
But then Ethan’s heart stopped when he saw a large pair of feathery wings, but then the muscle restarted when the color wasn’t right. Off towards the wall stood an eight and a half tall Spirit Guide woman with bright blue wings, matching long hair and brown eyes. She had a haze around her as a spiritual being has, but she spoke with a club toting Ogre with a polished horn as if they were old friends.
“Daydreaming won’t get you to my stable any sooner, Ethan.” Storm-shadow said to break the Elemental’s reverie and smiled as he forcibly closed his mouth.
“Sorry… it’s just so much…”
“No apology necessary. In time you will adapt and so far you are doing quite well.”
“Storm-shadow, introduce us to your new friend.”
They turned to a silky feminine voice to see a voluptuous woman in her early to mid twenties stepping closer. She stood no taller than five foot, but her proportions were developed to say the least. She wore a fiery red dress that was extremely too thin and emphasized her luscious curves. The neckline plunged all the way down to her navel and provocatively allowed the world to see much of her ample bosom, but hid the important parts. And the dress’s cleavage proved she didn’t wear a bra and couldn’t in such an outfit. A lone slit ran all the way up to the top of a round hip and showed off expensive, ruby red high heel shoes. Her fingernails were manicured and painted like her dress. Silky brown hair was piled atop her head expertly and just the right amount of makeup touched her beautiful face and dazzling smile. She was clearly a supermodel and belonged on a runway or photo shoot for a famous magazine.
At her hip hung a thick tome instead of a purse.
“Us?” Ethan asked as she stood alone.
“Great, another throwback dumbass. Just what we need, another fool.” Came a male voice.
“Who said that?” Ethan asked and looked around again. The voice of derision was male, but no one was near and the other beings either looked at him curiously from afar, whispered about him or were too busy in their own little worlds to look his way.
The woman suddenly punched the thick book hanging from her shoulder. “Ken, how many times have I told you to keep that bigot filled trap of yours shut!”
“Bite me, Slut!” The book responded snidly. Instead she dropped the book and slammed her stiletto heel on the book’s aged leather face. “Ow!” She drove the heel deeper. “Fine! Bitch! Damn! Stop it, I apologize!”
“Be sincere, Ken!” Ken, the book was silent. She worked her heel back and forth. “Say it!”
“What? That you need to wear underwear, because I Pussy… Ow!”
“Ethan,” Storm-shadow began as he shook his large head. “This is Kira Penbrooke, one of our Witches. She comes from a long line of powerful Scottish Witches and is of our most powerful female casters. Her most famous ancestor was Isobel Gowdie. And that bright ray of sunshine under hoof is Ken.” His golden shoe gestured to the tome getting stomped on by Kira. “Ken is her spell book that had his soul trapped as eternal punishment for siding with Chaos, was captured by his family and is forced to serve his descendants for the remainder of time. The problem is to getting him to shut up.”
“Why not get him Barbie? Ken always needs a Barbie?” Ethan remarked.
Kira’s bright green eyes and Storm-shadow’s brown turned to him and started laughing. The Witch took her heel off the leather-bound book and smiled. “You’re going to fit in well around here. You just made Ken go silent. That is a greater feat than most can manage. I look forward to getting to know you… intimately. There are so few human men around here.” She purred.
Ethan blushed at the insinuation and couldn’t stop his eyes from glancing at her breasts and it made her grin more deeply and make him feel more uncomfortable. But because of his reaction, she had to take a step back and fan her face. “Good to know there is a hot blooded man beneath that calm exterior. Look me up.” She flicked her wrist and there magically appeared a business card between her fingers. She handed it to him and he read ‘H-3-306 For a night to remember!’
“Uh, I don’t get it.” He admitted as Kira picked up the strap off the ground and lifted Ken back to his original place at her hip. The book was quiet, but Ethan felt waves of hostility rolling from it. “What does H, three, three oh six mean?”
Kira gestured along the hall and stopped at a large archway with the carving of a Pegasai in flight etched in stone was, the same one Storm-shadow was leading them to. “This is the Pegesai hall that lead to their rooms. Over there are the Centaur quarters. H stand for human quarters, the first number three stands for the third floor and three oh six is my room number. Where is your room and floor?”
“I don’t know. Odin said I first need to talk with someone called Celestia the Forgemaster after dinner before getting a room.”
His response brought all who heard up short. Kira recovered first. “Did you just say Celestia? Odin wants you to meet her? What for?”
“Well I want to try my hand as a blacksmith… Why are you looking at me like that? Kiroq and the Gargoyles laughed when I said I wanted to try. What am I missing? Is she really so fearsome?”
“If Odin has his reasons for you going to her then I’m not going to question.” Kira saw Storm-shadow give her a look that said ‘shut up’ and she did. “When things settle I look forward to getting to know you.”
“If you survive that long.” Ken, the book added with a sneer. Kira punched the surface, turned around and left.
“Know this, Ethan,” Storm-shadow began. “Kira is the strongest Witch at this House and once she sets her mind to something, nothing will stop her. Be careful to not give her your heart or anything else for she makes Pixies and Nymphs seem celibate by comparison.”
“Kind of got that impression.” With the card in hand, Ethan crushed it in his palm and blasted it with a short burst of fire which reduced it to a fine white ash and moved to a trash bin to wipe it off. Kira’s sauntering exit didn’t turn around. Storm-shadow nodded that that was the best idea.
They moved to the Pegasus archway and Ethan asked “Do all races have to be split up? It is segregated? If it is, I’m not comfortable with that. What are the rules regarding where and where not to go?”
The hall was long and lit with more phoenix feathers sealed in glass and went to reveal a cavern where over a dozen levels for over a half mile opened for Pegesai to fly up to their homes or could take stairs if needed. “Only closed minded and religious fools believe themselves superior. Here, we are who we are and aren’t determined by our looks… The only restricted section is the tower. Anyone may go wherever they choose and visit whomever they will, so long as the room’s occupant is welcoming to the idea. To enter without authorization is forbidden and is punishable by pulling duties I care not to mention.” Storm-shadow’s hooves loudly echoed through the cavern as they made way for the nearest steps. “Forced entry is likewise forbidden and theft will cost a limb. We of Order are honorable and that punishment hasn’t been dealt for more than four decades. You may couple with whomever you wish, but do not make an enemy out of a spurned lover for when attacked, we cannot afford distractions.”
“Don’t worry about that for me. I want only one, but cannot have her. I cannot see myself with another, least of all Kira, if that is what you are aiming for.”
“I’m simply trying to help ease your transition.” The black stallion continued ahead past the second level. “This House is quite relaxed, but for one hour each day our warriors, who take the oath of protection, must all do combat so our abilities remain honed. You will have it harder since Blake will teach you for six. It is his way, not mine so do not ask. We all work to benefit one another and offer aid to the struggling. And it is required that once every six months that all warriors be part of a demon hunt. Groups offer safety, unless you are on a punishment hunt and must do so alone and fulfill a quota determined by the severity of the infraction. I will later get you the house rules and punishments if you prefer?”
“Please. I feel like I’m drowning with information.” Ethan huffed with exertion.
“Then it shall be done… here, the fourth level is mine.” They turned off to a long stretching platform that was thirty feet wide and every hundred or so feet was a pillar supporting the level above. The pillars were artfully carved in a spiral pattern while Ethan could nearly see his reflection on the cool and polished granite below his feet. To his right were large doors and a wedge of stone with a circular center where a horseshoe impression was cut into stone. Ethan looked at one in passing and it reminded him of an access keypad the rich have to access their own homes, but these were meant for hoofed creatures. “This is my stall.” Storm-shadow proved Ethan’s assumption by placing his right hoof onto the impression, gave a twist and stepped back as a set of stone double doors with the number 403 carved into them began to swing open. As they silently parted there came a faint odor of oats and molasses. The aroma was clean and fresh, but that wasn’t all. Classical music from a piano flowed out.
Inside, Ethan was once again surprised for instead of Phoenix feathers for light there was electrical lights, a turned off TV in front of a large round bed with a gigantic remote with buttons a Pegasai’s hoof could press. The walls were somehow painted of a realistic landscape of an oceanic view from the point of some cliff. There was a door just past the entrance with a plaque that read ‘Bathroom’ and it also had a raised section for a hoof to open it too, but instead of stone, this door was made of aged, but sturdy wood.
The classical music led them into a large living room and came from an expensive sound system and to the center of the large room is where Ethan spotted a beige Arabian Pegasus mare with her hindquarters facing them. “One minute husband, I cannot seem to restart the hearth. The tender won’t catch spark.” She swung her head and there came a striking sound and she dropped a piece of flint held by metal and wood made in a ring so her teeth could hold it. “Please find someone with… Oh!” She turned her head and noticed her mate brought someone. She turned around and fluffed her wings. At her chest was a ruby nearly identical in size and shape to Storm-shadow’s. “Forgive me, I wasn’t expecting company.”
“Ethan, this is my life and soul mate, Star-bolt.” Came the introduction. “Star-bolt, Tattoo and Gra will be arriving shortly to speak privately with Ethan here until the evening meal.”
Star-bolt shot her mate a cold look for she wasn’t expecting company.
To ease the room’s tension, Ethan looked over to a circular ring inlaid with stacks of wood and stuffed with hay and shredded newspaper. The interior was blackened from years of fires and ten feet above on the ceiling was a cone that would funnel out all the smoke. He offered “I can start that… if you’d like, Ma’am?”
The mare blinked and remembered just who stood there and quickly nodded. “It would be a great help. The castle gets cold quickly and I was too far today and forgot to feed it before leaving this morning.
Ethan looked at the hearth and willed its heart to warm. Smoke began rising and when flames were seen he stopped using his power. Star-bolt seemed impressed and said “Thank you. Unfortunately I have nothing to offer in return. It is rare for anyone other than my foals and grand-foals to visit. Few of your kind visit our stable.”
“I wouldn’t mind taking a breather over on one of those cushions. So much has gone down today that a few minutes of peace and quiet are in desperate need.”
“By all means, go ahead.” She allowed.
The two Pegasai watched as the Elemental moved over to a large pillow where the winged horses would lay and watch TV. For Ethan it was more like an overlarge bed, but he groaned in pleasure of the softness contained within and looked at the painted ocean scene. It was so easy to relax with the soft piano music while staring at the majestic wall. When his spinning mind struggling with all that’s happened in the past few hours began to still and organize itself, he looked at his hand and gently created a soft flame that danced between his fingers. He was grateful to have such a wonderful skill and that his hosts left him alone and spoke quietly by the hearth.
This is so cool! Ethan thought as he stared at the flames playing around his hand. I always enjoyed a campfire as a kid and would stare at it for hours and feel at peace. Now I can summon fire whenever I choose, and no one will get hurt.
He smiled contentedly at the yellow and orange flames.

All too soon there came a chiming sound from a doorbell that Ethan hadn’t noticed, but Storm-shadow got up and moved to the entrance, put his hoof into a recess and the double doors opened. “Good, you both made great time getting here.” The stallion said as his hooves clicked loudly on the stone floor.
“Blake said you needed us by orders of Odin. We came.” Said a deep man’s voice.
“I want to meet this Elemental.” Said a strong female voice that had a ring of command to it.
“Come in then.”
Ethan killed the flames, stood and after Storm-shadow entered he was immediately followed by a seven foot tall woman etched with power dominating muscles. Out of all the Amazons he’d seen, this woman outranked them all. Gloves with metal spiked knuckles surrounded large hands while she carried a belt of a dozen sheathed daggers. Strapped to her back were twin swords sticking above either shoulder. She wore soft leather pants, steel toed boots and a chainmail shirt that didn’t hide her womanly figure at all, nor her watermelon size breasts. But unlike the other Amazons who were more masculine than feminine, she was a beauty with long auburn hair and a creamy dark tan. But upon her brow sat a gold circlet.
After her was a man in an unexpected situation for he rolled in on a wheelchair. The man had a short, trimmed beard, very few strands of grey hair sprouted from brown of a human man in his mid thirties and striking black eyes. He was seated in a highly mobile manual wheelchair whose tires squeaked on the slick floor. His arms were large and being in a chair would mean that anyone who got that close would be crushed. Long black pants couldn’t hide frail legs that haven’t walked in decades, but within those black eyes were a man not to be underestimated. Along every inch of his arms were vibrant and realistic tattoos of animals and when he turned his head, his neck was also covered. A wooden board lay across his lap and draped behind the short back of the chair was a pack filled with something. The wheelchair man smiled to say “Hello there. You must be Ethan, our newest ally?”
“It is a pleasure. You must obviously be Tattoo?” Ethan offered a hand.
Tattoo took it and gave a firm grasp, but not like Odin’s forearm clutch. “That I am.” He then looked up from his ever present seat. “And this is my wonderful wife, Gra, queen of the Amazons here at the First House.”
Ethan and Gra shook hands, but he gave her a quizzical look. “Is something the matter, Recruit?” She asked while looking him up and down like some new object and is gauging its worth.
“Sorry, but I didn’t know Amazons got married. If I remember correctly they only consort men every five years for children and keep their daughters and if they have a son, they get rid of them and do not care if they survive. And no offense, I thought Amazons chose only strong men to mate with.”
Tattoo burst out laughing while Gra’s eyes narrowed, but she didn’t detect anything malicious in his honest inquiry. She then laid a hand over her love’s shoulder to explain and clear the misunderstanding. “The myths, as I’m sure you’ve discovered, are stretched too thin. My subjects are only fertile for a week every five years. That is where the myth stems from. And the only way to permanently bond with a man, we have to be forced in submission through combat. Do not let my husband’s condition fool you, he is Second of the House for a reason. Only he has ever in all of Amazon history had a first queen become his wife. None of my sisters are stronger than I, but a man has made me his.”
“Would you like a demonstration of my powers?” Tattoo asked.
“Wouldn’t mind.”
The chair-bound man applied the levers to either wheel as brakes to hold him still and lifted a sleeve tattooed arm. Ethan saw a wrapped snake head inked into the man’s palm and spiraled its way around his wrist like a diamondback rattlesnake. There were spiders wrapping his fingers, insects dotting the tips and dozens of more animals covering every square inch of the limb. “Over eighty five percent of my body has been tattooed with thousands of animals and my power is to bring life to the creations.”
Ethan stepped back as suddenly the rattlesnake’s went from a realistic body art and turned into a real snake. Skin moved as it reared its head from Tattoo’s large palm. Its forked tongue flicked in and out and stared at Ethan in a frightening way. It rose out and uncoiled itself from his wrist and made its segmented tail rattle warningly. It slid onto the lap table and coiled itself into a ball. Left behind on Tattoo’s skin was no remaining ink, just unblemished flesh. “Does it have venom?”
“It does. All of my illustrations have the exact same quality as real animals. This is my power. Just because I’m physically incapable of combat, when I release my power few can defeat me.”
“Do they retain the same size as the ink or do they grow realistically?”
“Excellent question.” Tattoo smiled, liking how the Elemental thinks. “They become as large as their species is. I have a small bull elephant on my right shoulder who, when released, becomes as big as an African bull that is completely under my control. The only limit to my power is singular to the ink, meaning I cannot create duplicates of the same creature.” Tattoo grabbed the snake’s head and it wrapped itself back around his wrist and sunk back into flesh as if nothing happened. “It took two wolves, an anaconda and an elephant to hold Gra down and accept the proposal to be my wife.”
The Amazon queen smiled tenderly. “It proved to everyone just how much he loves me. And we have been together for forty years.”
“Forty?” Ethan gasped. “How can that be? Tattoo, you don’t even look forty and you Gra barely look twenty. Aren’t you both human…ish?”
“His knowledge is severely limited.” Storm-shadow said. “We have two and a half hours to speak. We should all get comfortable on the bedding in the main room.”
The two newest arrivals agreed and without any hesitation Gra picked her husband up out of his chair as if the man weighed nothing and sat down beside the stallion, sitting Tattoo in her lap. Ethan could see how much they loved each other and wished for something, even a sliver of what they had. Ethan sat a comfortable ways away as Star-bolt also laid down with her own winged equestrian husband.
Gra began once her love sat comfortably and snaked an arm around her lower back. “Ethan, the quicker you learn, the less trouble you’ll find. If you had spoken ill of my husband in front of my sisters I would have challenged you for a dishonorable question.”
“Well that would have been foolish, Ma’am.” Ethan set his hands on fire and the Amazon queen was actually startled. “I might not survive a physical confrontation, but my flames won’t let you get that close.”
“Very good, my sisters respond to power.” Gra recovered.
The flames vanished and he scratched his head from embarrassment. “Actually Kanade, a Spirit Guide, told me that I should never back down in front of an Amazon. Otherwise they’d chew me up and spit me out. It was a bluff.”
“A good one, Elemental. Fire is a great deterrent, but there are ways around it. This Spirit Guide knew what would happen to weak men. No man can outmuscle my sisters, but we do not have powers outside our bodies.” Gra explained. “But since we speak privately I do not feel the need to inflict pain on your honest ignorance, but after we leave for the evening meal you will be more prepared and educated. I will not tolerate such questions afterwards.” Ethan could only nod beneath her penetrating gaze. “You ask how we can be married for so long and look as we do, but you forget, laws are different here.
“Some beings are immortal, but some are not. Pixies, Pegesai, Nymphs, Ogres, Gargoyles, Jormungandr and Casters do not die a natural death. We Amazons age in what some might call reverse dog years. If the average mortal death for a woman is around eighty just multiply that by seven. You get five hundred or so years my kind naturally live. I do not know the name of the Witch who created it, but she made a potion that lengthens the human lifespan similar to we Amazons. It is good because humans who serve Order are usually only good for thirty years in terms of combat. With the potion, that number becomes four centuries. Tonight, Odin will give you the potion so you may live longer. It is mandatory humans drink it, especially when taking the Warrior’s oath. The potion does not affect me or my sisters.”
Tattoo added “It might not look like it, but I’m really sixty four years old. Gra is sixty.”
“Do not tell him my age, Love.” She said. “You still see me as a woman, no? Women never expose their age.”
“You can spank me later.” Tattoo teased.
“I’ll do more than that.” She bumped his shoulder with her chainmail covered breast. Tattoo grinned in anticipation.
“So why are you in a chair?” Ethan blurted out. “And how did you get up those stairs? I didn’t see a ramp or elevator in this part of the castle.”
The inked man leveled his black eyes to ask “And just how does my condition concern you, Ethan? Isn’t it a taboo subject to ask such questions so openly?”
“Would you rather I made up an assumption? Besides, it doesn’t bother me. My mother was a quadriplegic in a swimming accident when she was sixteen. She died about five years ago, but she always told me to ask questions, even if they sound stupid. There are no stupid questions, just answers.”
“Wise woman.” Tattoo responded. “Well I had a bit of a confrontation with an Elf when I was twenty six and didn’t know about any of this, like you. The Elf shot me in the back with a bow when I got between him and one of our Centaurs. The action and pain caused me to see beyond the veil. The Centaur died trying to save me and the Elf knew my time was short and just waited for me to die slowly so it could eat my soul, but my fear caused my first wolf tattoo to come alive and rip the throat of the demon out. It sure wasn’t expecting that to happen.
“Just when I was about to die, Gra and a few of her Amazon handmaidens were hunting nearby and saved me. The damage had been done for when I first used my ink to come alive, it prevented Witch healing magic from properly fixing my spine and ever since I’ve been a low level paraplegic.” Tattoo felt his wife lovingly stroke the spot where he had been wounded. “As for getting up here, Gra carried me and my chair. Such weight is nothing to even her pinky finger. This wing of the castle is the only one without an elevator access and is next on my list to be outfitted. Everywhere else I’ve modernized. Speaking of…” Tattoo stuck out his left arm and out jumped a chimpanzee who walked over to the chair and deftly brought over the large pack, sat it down and then started shrinking to return to its original location. Gra held him up as both his arms opened the zipper and he removed a book with what looked like a credit card as a bookmark along with a thin tablet computer. “Ethan, these are for you.” He handed both over. “The book will be everything you need to know about the house and how it works. I wrote it myself just incase anyone was as clueless as I was. You aren’t the first in need of it and the castle and grounds have full wireless coverage for the tablet. If you need anything from the outside world, I created an icon that you can use to contact me and I’ll order whatever you desire if it can’t be automatically delivered, if your account has enough points to buy the item. The card is like debit, but the points can be exchanged for any earthly currency as payment if you buy something from the outside world of humans. Dollars, Euros, Pounds and so on you can pay with points. Every room has free electricity supplied from a fusion drive I invented down below the dungeons. And the answers are all in the book, if you’re wondering.” Tattoo grinned.
Ethan stared dumbfounded at the information overload, but more so that a man who looks like a broken biker was actually a fucking genius. First he had to ask “Account? Points? How does that work?”
Gra instead answered while her husband zipped up his bag. “Everyone gets points depending on your job and what you can complete on quests or hunts. If you become a hunter you’ll find demons are categorized and have values. The filthy, hairy Goblins are about five points each which will buy you a can of soda, but if you drop a dragon you can buy the factory the drink was made from. Order has businesses all over the world we own and our members get the very best. A tradeoff for the danger we must face. Booze, gadgets, clothes, hookers or whatever you are into that are outside these grounds, that you want, my husband can procure if you cannot… for a fee of course. Nothing other than food is free here, not even our weapons. If you want a better weapon, especially forged by Celestia, you better have plenty of points. But since you are a Fire Elemental, you’ll likely not need to get so close to vanquish your prey…”
“Ethan is going to visit Celestia after the meal ends. He wants to learn from our Forgemaster.” Storm-shadow stated.
The room silenced, but Ethan saw he still wouldn’t get answers other than what he already knew.
“So Ethan,” Tattoo began to end the silence of the last statement “what kinds of things are you into… so that I can keep my eyes open and maybe procure until you start earning points?”
Ethan sat down the book an state of the art tablet. “Well this morning I was stupid enough to make an assumption and sold my most valuable collection of action figures and memorabilia because I thought I was going to need cash…” He sighed and shook his head. “Oh well, it was time I got rid of them… Actually I like comics and games. What I really need to make my marvel Spider-man collection complete is the Amazing Fantasy number fifteen, first introducing Spider-man.”
Tattoo split into a grin while Gra rolled her eyes and shook her head. “You’re a comic junkie too? I have just that issue in mint triplicate, but you’ll need thirty two hundred thousand points to get it off me… or we can trade if I find something you might have… if you collect?”
“Most of my belongings are packed comics and games… if I can ever find them. Floa sent them somewhere and I don’t know if someone is rummaging through them or not. I don’t like people going through my stuff.”
“I don’t know any Floa,” Tattoo admitted. “but your personal effects are likely safely tucked in an empty vault our Pixies guard. When you find a room to your liking they’ll send it all there. It is standard procedure so any new recruits aren’t overburdened hauling their belongings everywhere. Don’t fret, your things are safely tucked away and untouched.”
Yes, except Floa had to dig around to find me this shirt. Ethan thought. “So what are the basics I’ll need to look forward to in the hall tonight? I get the feeling Odin is going to do more than make me take a mandatory magical potion to prolong my suffering”
Gra and the other three laughed. “You’re learning. Good. You will need to display your powers, drink the potion for longevity and choose a combat instructor.” She grinned prettily. “I know a few sisters who would love to teach a fire thrower. I could make introductions if you’d like?”
Storm-shadow gave Ethan a pointed look and he said quickly “Thanks, but, uh… I found a trainer. A Naga named Blake wants to teach me at eight tomorrow morning.”
Gra’s excitement faltered and Ethan shot the stallion a look of gratitude before she said “Blake… well he is highly skilled. You will learn well. His students usually survive longer than other Naga taught disciples. And if Celestia approves to take you on you’ll find a good role around here.”
“Don’t be disheartened, Love.” Tattoo pat her hand. “I don’t want you to see a sister killed if Ethan turns up the heat. Few can match an Amazon’s prowess and his command over fire will be ill matched. Even broken and bloody he is going to overpower near everyone in Order quite soon.”
“Oh, I hadn’t thought of that.” She admitted.
“Probably because I’m male and Amazons truly do dislike men.” Ethan responded and earned her narrowed eyes and a flex of a bicep.
“It’s not that we dislike men, we dislike weak men. Enough of this talk, I want to see your capabilities as an Elemental. I’ve only ever seen a Water, Air and Earth before. Prove you are stronger.”
“It will wait, Gra.” Storm-shadow decided. “This is my stall and I can tell you he personally impressed Jormun. His heat is too much and my home isn’t protected from flames or explosions. You and Tattoo are here to teach Ethan of the House and our most strict rules that cannot be broken.”
Ethan sat still because the command in his tone challenged Gra’s orders and her tanned expression reddened, but she said “Very well, Prince Storm-shadow. We are your guests.”
“Thank you.” The stallion replied.
“Prince?” Ethan asked.
Star-bolt answered at her mate’s side. “Yes, Storm-shadow was sired by none other than Pegasus himself, the most famous Pegesai in all of history. His deeds are where our name as a species originates. Pegasus is king of the herds and it is he who sent you my mate as companion. Pegasai often pair with another rider with powers who cannot fly, to combat demons who can. Until one of you die and go to Spirit World, you shall fight as a team.”
“Really?” he had to ask.
Storm-shadow nodded. “It is how things are. Many among Order die all the time, but to lessen the risk, you and I will be partners. I just have not gotten around to speaking of it yet. Other than Pixie magic of gateways, Pegesai are the fastest ways to travel. I promised my sire that my only partner would ever be an Elemental and until you arrived, I had no companion.”
“I want to hear more later, Storm-shadow, but, Gra, do you have a companion Pegasus?”
“She is my rider.” Star-bolt announced. “I only allow queens to ride me. I carried Gra’s mother and grandmother before her and she is by far my favorite.” Gra smiled at her winged friend. “We have fought many glorious battles together.”
Tattoo looked into grey eyes. “Ethan, start the computer and come over here and hold me up so I can walk you through the most vital information you’ll need tonight.”
“But…” The Amazon queen began.
“I’ll be alright, Gra. You just got back a couple hours ago from your latest challenge. You need to rest. Ethan said he had a mother in a worse situation than mine and he looks plenty strong to keep me sitting properly.”
To Ethan she said “Make sure his legs are straight. They’ll break if bent and turned to the side. He’s still recovering from knee surgery after a foolish stunt. If his legs break, so will yours.” She promised.
“Understood, Ma’am.”
“Your highness.” She corrected as she eased her husband to the pillow and off her muscular thighs.
“Yes, ma’am… I mean your highness.” He caught himself and moved over to the seated man, grabbed the back of Tattoo’s bull neck and held him up. Gra nodded as Ethan held him well enough and that both of the man’s legs were straight. Tattoo turned on the fast tablet and pulled up a three dimensional diagram of the First House’s entire grounds to begin quickly pointing out areas of interest before going in detail of the castle’s structure. Ethan watched the screen moving along while listening to every word and holding the man up.
The Amazon and Pegesai moved away to give them privacy and spoke in hushed tones. Ethan tried eavesdropping, but couldn’t make out anything of interest.

Next thing Ethan knew there was a chime that seemed to vibrate from the very castle itself. The melody was refreshing and had a soothing quality that put ones focus aside. Tattoo closed the tablet and handed it over before Gra scooped up her husband and placed him back in the wheelchair. He saw the Elemental’s confusion and said “It’s six. Time for dinner. The castle makes the sound that pushes aside your concentration in a gentle way to let you know it’s time to eat. Sometimes we get so busy that we forget time. It helps everyone keep a healthy schedule. You hungry?”
Ethan’s stomach rumbled.
“Best answer I ever heard!” Tattoo roared with his wife.
The Amazon queen properly placed her love in his rolling throne as Ethan tucked the computer and book beneath an arm and stood beside Storm-shadow. Star-bolt though said “Stop by anytime, Ethan. And be sure my husband returns early tonight. Much needs to be done before morning.”
“No promises. I can barely keep from tripping over myself. If I try to rush, your husband will likely be too busy covering my ass.” She smirked in a horse-like way at the response.
The four exited the room and watched it close almost seamlessly. Ethan marveled as the area was clopping with hundreds of hooves on stone or the beat of wings. Now that Ethan was able to think more clearly and not feel so utterly overwhelmed he watched the flying Pegesai. What he didn’t notice before was how they actually flew. He wondered how so large, powerful and heavy beings could ever lift off the ground. He could now see Pegasus magic allowed them to actually run on air as if solid ground and their wings were solely used to alter flight. Flapping made them rise, outstretched glided gently and tucked dropped. If he looked closely, Ethan found he could see a tiny disturbance in the air as each Pegesai ran through it. It lasted just a moment, but that is all they needed.
Gra gently wheeled Tattoo to the stairs and then bent over to grasp the left wheel while lifting to put the right on her hip. Neither a grunt or grimace revealed itself as she effortlessly lifted her love and carried him down the steps while being followed. Ethan also noticed how other winged horses gave a quick bow with their head whenever they saw Storm-shadow and further proved the newest member of Order just how fortunate it is to be led by none other than the prince of all Pegesai herds.
It wasn’t long before they entered the rapidly filling hall. Many Centaur, Nymph and Nagai walked briskly through the castle entrance while Gargoyle, Pixie and two Spirit Guides flew above the crowding front.
A familiar little form fluttered over and Floa huffed “Thought I’d never find you four. You kids must be Gra and Tattoo? I’m Floa. Odin wants all four of you to meet him by his throne with Pegasus and the other house leaders.”
“My sire returned?” Storm-shadow asked in surprise.
“About ten minutes ago. Hurry up, Odin wants to show off Ethan and start the ceremony so we all can eat.” Without anything else to tie her there any longer, Floa shot off like a bolt.
“Ethan, follow me along the side.” Tattoo said as he pushed his wheelchair near the wall. Despite his handicap, every being who was in his way moved and gave a kind wave. Tattoo seemed well liked and Gra seemed happy how everyone moved out of his way. It wouldn’t be healthy to insult the queen’s husband, especially since he got everyone whatever they wanted.
The noise level continued to grow as more and more entered and took a seat at one of the many long dining tables that lined the hall. Ethan wondered when they were ever going to find the end and eventually got his wish.
The hall ended about a half mile from the main entrance to a huge wall where a set of stone steps spiraled up into the floor above, but to either side were stainless steel doors that could only be elevators due to a panel off to the side with buttons to either go up or down.
In front of the wall was a long table sitting perpendicular to every table in the massive hall where a video camera pointed to the leaders of the First House. Sitting in a gold throne, dead center, was none other than the massive one eyed Viking Odin himself. To his right was by far the largest Pegasus wearing an ornate necklace unlike any others. Sky blue eyes contrasted with a pure black coat. It could only be the Pegasus, since none other stood as tall as a Clydesdale as he did. Beside him was a wild looking old man who took the crazy Wizard outlook to an art form. Beside him was a sensual woman wearing a crown, but when the Wizard said something inappropriate she flicked a red fingernail and a small spark of lightning shot from it and hit him in the back of his head. He stopped to smile at the woman who shook her head. Beside the crowned Witch was a massive Centaur and his mate who was just as fearsome. Next to the pair was a huge Naga to say the least. His scales were by far the most prominent and bony as he had two long swords resting against the table. To the right of Odin sat Kiroq, the Gargoyle general. There was an empty space, then a wood vacant throne and then a human sized Pixie with a crown of reeds and her lighter black hair was flipped down the left side of her chest. Beside her was a Nymph with a blue ribbon holding her green hair pulled back and shared a seat with an Ogre with a seven inch long horn growing from the center of his forehead, by far the longest one Ethan has seen.
Tattoo rolled straight up to his empty spot between Kiroq and Gra as she took her own throne. Their arrival didn’t go unnoticed as the area hushed rapidly.
“Ah, Ethan, good of you to come, Lad!” Odin’s voice called out loudly as if everyone’s eyes and silence didn’t bother him. Likely nothing does any more. Ethan thought when the head stood from his throne. Odin moved around the table and motioned him forward. “I will give introductions.”
When the Elemental stood with the immortal Viking the latter said “This is Morom, Magistrate of the Ogres. Edda, Priestess of the Nymphs and his wife. Chillie, the Pixie princess. You already met Gra, Queen of the Amazons, my second Tattoo and General Kiroq. This is Pegasus, High King of all Pegasai and my ancient companion. Next to him, I am not exaggerating, but they’ve gone by many names yet these will be most familiar,” Odin grinned and slapped Ethan’s back. “High Wizard Merlin and his wife the High Witch Morgane Le Fay.” Odin whispered in the lad’s ear. “Close your mouth, Lad, it isn’t polite to gawk.” He then went on as Ethan’s jaw snapped closed. “These are the Centaur leaders Coolu and Mia. Beside them is Criat, Naga High Champion.”
“It is a pleasure to meet all of you.” Ethan bowed uncomfortably under all their penetrating stares. “I’m Ethan Volorum.”
“Come boy, show us some flames!” Merlin excitedly bounced in his chair.
“Caution would be in my best interest, Wizard.” The Nymph priestess Edda said. Her Ogre mate coolly wrapped a protective blue hand around her shoulder.
“Agreed.” Morgane flicked her wrist and suddenly Merlin’s seat came alive and bound him still. The wily Wizard grinned and whispered something that made Morgane blush and shake her head at the same time. Something about bondage.
“Lad, before we begin, did Tattoo explain you’ll be televised to every TV all along this hall?” He got a headshake as no. “Well the hall is just too big to scream out our lungs for an introduction to the whole house. The past few years of technology really helped speak to everyone at once.”
“But I thought the spell hiding the supernatural would also prevent technology from picking us up?” Ethan said as he remembered a similar lecture.
Morgane Le Fay herd this and said “Quite true, but I crafted a spell that can peer through the veil with technology. If by some chance mortals got their hands on one that can they too would be able to see us, but that won’t happen. Another spell will destroy the object. The camera will begin recording so all in the hall may see and hear us equally.”
“Okay.” He looked up towards Odin. “Let’s get it over with before I lose what few nerves I still retain.”
“Soon, Lad. Soon.” Odin promised. “Wait while everyone takes a seat. It won’t be for five more minutes at the latest.” The man walked back to reclaim his throne.
While he waited, Ethan listened to the growing chatter and excitement building. Storm-shadow went to speak with his father to pass the time when Ethan looked as if he needed a moment alone.
Disconcerted is the mildest word Ethan felt as he took a seat at a padded wooden bench that sat at a long table beside a small Pixie ogling him up and down. He couldn’t help noticing all the attention he received by everyone, especially the unattached females. There were many children flitting about, but their parents restrained them from getting too close to the elemental. Curiously though, Ethan noticed one Nymph cradling a rather large acorn and showing it off. It then clicked when he remembered Kanade’s explanation by how Nymphs gave birth to acorns that when planted will grow into a Nymph or if it is a boy will look much like whoever the father is. And Nymphs gave birth to a seed rarely and never lose their figure like human women. The thoughts turned back to Kanade and he relaxed at their brief day together.
All too soon there came a hush after a thump that reverberated throughout the entire castle as Odin slammed the balled end of Gungnir into the floor. Almost instantly the chatter of the hall went deathly quiet. The camera in front of the table of leaders turned on and every flat screen throughout the hall changed channels to the most powerful leaders at the First House. Storm-shadow took his place at Ethan’s side by touching the ruby at his chest which changed the bench section into a palate where the Pegasai could fold his long legs and lay.
Odin rose from his throne and his voice retained its command quality, even through the echoes of the TV’s. “I hope your day of respite was well spent, My Family. It has been many months since we’ve had one. The occasion is as the rumors have spread. Today, as many have witnessed, a new arrival and celebrity has risen. A man who died and was granted a second life through selfless deeds. His power alone, I can attest, is greater than my own, but is so awkward I do not fear his humbleness a threat.” Over all the TV’s there came a groan and Ethan realized it was him as suddenly the camera automatically zeroed in on him with his appalled head buried in his hands. He was so embarrassed he turned three shades of red, and when the hall began to laugh he earned a fourth shade. “Aye, Lad, the truth cannot be disputed.” Odin chuckled. “Come forth.”
Ethan felt as if a puppet having his strings pulled to stand and awkwardly be followed every embarrassing step by the transmitting camera to stand beside the chiseled Viking. He earned another backslap while hearing “For a man returned to the living for little more than a day, he is doing well and not breaking down like most men who find the universe a bit more unique than once believed. Yesterday I heard he has control over none other than the rarest of all known mortal powers. Not only is it rare, it’s power alone is greater than any other human’s be they Wizard or Witch. He is an Elemental and more than that, a Fire Elemental.” A brief burst of whispering filled the hall. “As leader of the First House I chose to claim him. His power is too great to squander and our House is the oldest and most powerful.” There was a loud roar of feeling at this statement. “Today I and the Gargoyles learned much of Ethan’s powers and my opinion is that he will be a great asset in our never ending war with Chaos. He also vowed to Fate and will soon take the Warrior’s oath. With him as our newest warrior, more of our hunts and battles will see our brothers, sisters, parents, children and lovers returned safely while he quite literally lights a fire under their arses!” another roar filled the room from everyone agreeing. “And if you are skeptical of his power I have a great demonstration for everyone.” Odin turned his eye to the High Witch. “Morgane, if you would please?”
The ancient Witch stood and started tracing a delicate finger in the air as the very tip glowed with a blue/white power. A moment later there came a chunk of square stone out of nowhere. A cube about three feet high in each direction. Kiroq jumped from his seat to glide over on his wings to sit his naked backside down on the stone cube. He held something hidden in his clawed hand.
“Now Ethan, melt the stone and not Kiroq.”
“Are you nuts?!” Ethan returned, flabbergasted.
Odin grinned and the room burst out laughing along with everyone at the table, none louder than Tattoo. The All Father said “Little bit, but General Kiroq chose this demonstration.” To the camera he continued. “The rock has been sampled and it will take no less than twenty five hundred degrees to even begin to melt. Earlier, not even High Wizard Merlin could create a flame potent enough to make its surface reach nineteen hundred. Ethan begin.” He said it with a smile, but the Elemental heard the direct order in the silencing room.
He sighed while saying “Fine, but if I screw up and deep fry Kiroq, just know it wasn’t intentional.” The Gargoyle seemed unconcerned.
Ethan rounded the table with all eyes glued to him and noticed that for over fifty feet there wasn’t anything combustible and hoped he didn’t make a mistake. Kiroq sat and crossed his legs along with his arms over a wide chest. His pointed ears and pink/brown skin seemed relaxed. He didn’t want the Gargoyle to feel any heat whatsoever, but he had a task to fulfill. In his mind he wanted to work from the inside first and felt the pins and needles tingle crawling over his face. He felt the heat begin rising in the cool castle and so could everyone nearby. No hearth could put out near the heat they felt. Kiroq though smiled and showed his fangs.
“Where are the flames?” Crait the Naga High Champion voiced.
Edda, the Nymph priestess commanded “Turn out the lights!” A group covered the nearest burning Phoenix feathers while another flicked a switch that ran electrical lighting. When darkness mostly plunged the near area she said “Look, he heats it from within. It glows red and has not even been half a minute.”
“Fire Elementals should show fire.” Crait grunted.
“By your wish.” Ethan calmly said as he could feel his own power under complete control. He felt how the stone reacted and how he could increase output of his power or decrease it.
His hands turned an angry red an instant before being engulfed in a halo of fire. He aimed his palms as it felt completely natural and two roaring streams of pure flames slammed into Kiroq, but Ethan’s control contained any stray sparks. The fire was so bright and hot that everyone other than Ethan and other Gargoyles could look without pain, but the general could no longer be seen inside the inferno.
Through the blinding flames, Ethan’s power for the second time fed an image to his mind, but this one showed the stone melting and he could feel it doing so. He was in full control and could now see what his eyes couldn’t. Only a black void in Kiroq’s exact shape was outside the image, but the elemental learned that as he chose to not allow flames to hurt the Gargoyle, the flame ignored him as the darkness in a bright flame.
Calmly there came a voice in the fire “That is enough, Ethan.” The fire winked out and it revealed a standing Kiroq in a molten soup of stone. It retained a white hot glow, but clawed feet were tolerant. The general of the Gargoyles stepped out and approached the table saying “Edda, touch my hand.”
“No.” She said flatly to the closed fist. “The power to melt stone would set me afire and you sat in there.”
“Do it and you’ll understand.” She didn’t seem convinced until Odin fixed her in his lone eye.
“Your skin is barely warm!?” She shouted as she gently sat the tip of her index finger on top. Light returned to this section of room as she reached over and gripped him. “How can this be?” Kiroq then opened his hand and the Nymph gasped for he held a baby squirrel in his palm and it looked at her before scurrying away. Edda stared dumbfounded.
Kiroq turned to the camera that had somehow survived to state “Unlike those who use magic to create flames, Ethan’s control is superior. Only he can choose what and what not to burn. I sat in his flames with an animal who would have been cooked alive if it were any other flame used. I and the squirrel weren’t touched by a single tongue and nor will he harm anyone unless he decides. This is the true benefit and power of a Fire Elemental.” Clawed hands gestured to Ethan. “His power over flames is absolute and the demons will soon learn their sole dominion over fire has just met its match.”
 Great cheer filled the giant hall.
Odin stood from his throne again as the Gargoyle general flew back to his seat. Another hush settled the room. “Ethan, come stand before me.” There wasn’t any hesitation since he knew what came next and especially after his show of power gave a little boost of much needed confidence. The camera rose from the ground on a pole from some mechanism beneath, so its aim could peer over the table. In a tone so serious and heavy Odin said “Ethan, Fate has allowed you to be taken under my care. Everyone at the First House is my family, kin or not. We support each other to oppose Chaos’ corruption. In Order, we strive to make the world a better place and limit our influence, so it may progress naturally. Fate said you vowed to be a champion and I will see it come about. Kneel before me to take the Warrior’s oaths.” He did so and thanks to Tattoo’s coaching he didn’t feel so lost in this moment. “Today will be the beginning of yet another new life, but always there is a cost. We all fight, if in different ways. Many die in our service to Order. None under my influence are here against their will and have sworn to me their fealty. Do you swear to place your honor to me and all of us, even at the cost of your very life?”
“Yes, Sir.” Ethan said.
“Do you swear to uphold that honor no matter the cost and endanger yourself to save another?” he got the same answer. “And do you swear to never harm another out of malice except only in self defense?”
“Yes, Sir!”
“Then rise.” Ethan did so and saw Odin holding a silver chalice that looked ancient, but retained a luster and shine that would last for all time. “This drink is an elixir created by Morgane Le Fay which will extend your natural life so that your honored service lasts longer in the hopes that others will be saved in the future with your rare and powerful gift. By accepting the elixir you will be a Warrior of Order till your very last mortal breath.”
Reverently the chalice came in his possession. Ethan looked at the liquid that was as clear as water, but had a slight syrupy consistency. It didn’t have any smell at all, but Tattoo was quite clear that it be downed all in one go. “Bottoms up!” he said and raised the drink.
Ethan’s eyes widened as the drink shot down his throat and choked. It hit his stomach, burning the whole way down like molten lead. Not even boiling water could match the burn blossoming in his stomach. “Sonofabitch!” he shouted and looked for another cup. Snickering grew to a chuckle at his reaction which turned again into side-splitting laughter. “It burns!” he hopped up and down, clutching his throat and gut that was wrenching with cramps. “Water! Milk! Anything!!!”
 “Here, Lad.” Odin pulled out a cows horn full of mead from somewhere.
Ethan drank and before he knew it he didn’t know which drink burned worse. “Are you trying to kill me again!?” he then started stuffing the collar of his shirt in his pie hole to wipe his tongue. The burn was so hot actual flames shot from his mouth by accident.
The room roared and some laughed so hard they fell out of their chairs, Merlin somehow escaped his confining chair and was among those on the floor rolling around. It somehow got louder when Odin slapped Ethan’s back and said “Now you are a man!”
Chillie, the Pixie princess in an enlarged form of five feet tall sauntered over with a clear glass of milk and handed it over. “Thank you!” he shouted and chugged after a sip. He didn’t risk a third drink like the first two. The fire down his esophagus and stomach settled marginally, but anything was better than before.
“Go take a seat with your companion, Lad.” Odin grinned.
“Gladly, but what do you want me to do about the rock soup?”
The All Father looked at the still heated mess. “Pay it no mind. It will be cleaned.” To the camera Odin said “We may now eat!”
Ethan hurried back to Storm-shadow’s side and wondered where to get the food, before he could ask there suddenly appeared a green orb, like a soul, but this one had a single violet eye staring at him. Less surprised at something new and unexplainable he listened as the ball spoke with a feminine quality. “It is a pleasure to meet you, Ethan. What would you like to eat this evening?”
“Who? Or should I ask, what are you?” He blurted.
The purple eye twinkled merrily as it hung in front of his face, above his empty plate. “My name is Cook. I am a Dimpthum, a Will-O-Wisp you can call me if preferred. I feed the First House whatever they desire. It is my gift along with separating myself so all may eat together. So, what will be your pleasure?”
“Anything I want?” he asked.
The mouth-less orb replied “Anything edible.”
“Then may I have spaghetti with venison meatballs, a glass of mild sweet wine and garlic bread sticks?”
“Enjoy!” the Wisp lowered to the plate and with a green flash of light there sat a full course meal steaming of heat. Red sauce was artfully poured over the pasta with six hearty meatballs bulging within. The empty glass now was filled with a decadent ruby liquid and six thick breadsticks lay beside a napkin. She waited as he picked up the fork and took a bite. Cook watched attentively as his eyes widened and watered. “What’s the verdict?”
He swallowed and gushed “Cook, that is by far the best food I’ve ever tasted! The flavors are awesome! Where did it come from? Did you make it? If you feed me like this I’m glad to have already died to get here.”
“Flattery will get you everywhere, Cutie!” Cook’s eye sparkled and the green coloring seemed to brighten with pride. “What you are tasting is a proper meal. There isn’t even the scent of preservatives, food coloring or artificial chemicals. The meat comes from animals who Fate chooses to die at just the proper time. The soul is carried away while the Houses get the carcass. You’ll never find fresher food than what I make. You taste real food and is packed with all the nutrition you’ll ever need. Not even pesticides touch my ingredients. And yes, I made it just now. My magic prepares raw food from storage and instantly makes it perfect. I’m glad you like it. I will see you in the morning.” With that she disappeared.
Ethan ate as if he starved, noting Cook’s presence in front of dozens more all at the same time. There was another flash and then food appeared before the individual. Beside him, Storm-shadow loudly crunched on a huge carrot with a plate filled with crisp vegetables and juicy fruits. Ethan was too absorbed to notice others and when he saw everyone eating and enjoying one another, he dug in. He finished all too soon and sipped on the glass of wine and nearly choked as Odin picked meat off two whole chickens, had a hearty soup bowl, three more horns of strong mead and an assortment of other things. He held up a leg in salute when he noticed Ethan’s gaze. The Elemental shook his head.

Just as Storm-shadow finished his last carrot there came a deep yet soft voice. “My foal, Odin says to take Ethan to Celestia before it gets dark.” They looked up to see the giant black stallion Pegasus himself looking down at them. “Kiroq persuaded the other heads that until he can protect himself physically as well as he can use fire he is not to be in danger during the night as a precaution.”
The smaller, but no less amazing stallion stood and bowed. “It shall be done. Will you be staying? It has been a fortnight since you returned.”
Pegasus shook his head slowly. “Sadly I cannot. I am still tracking a greater demon dragon that is responsible for hospital destruction down in Afghanistan that needs to be put down. The humans still believe it to be terrorist attacks from zealots, but soon not even the veil will cover up all the true evidence.”
“Do you need assistance?” Storm-shadow wondered.
“Unnecessary. When I catch his scent Odin, a contingent of Gargoyles and I will eliminate the threat. When it is over I expect to see how you and your partner have progressed. Tell your brothers, sisters and my descendants I give my love.” The great Pegasus received another bow and left.
Storm-shadow stood from his seat, touched the ruby and the bedding transformed back into a padded bench. “Come Ethan, we leave for the Forgemaster before nightfall. Please grab my plate along with all of your dishes.”
Ethan collected all the dirty dinnerware, neatly stacked it all together and stood. Others were also finishing up and leaving to do whatever it is they normally perform. Storm-shadow led the way to a reasonably large square hole in the wall and found it was where all the dinnerware was deposited. Inside was a slow moving conveyer belt which carries the objects to be washed and cleaned for the next meal. He put everything inside and watched it disappear down a dark tube behind the stone wall.
Along the way down the mostly empty wall to avoid traffic in attempt to leave the area Ethan felt it time to ask “So what is the deal with you as my companion? What is that all about?”
The winged prince looked to his side as Ethan kept pace. “It is a longstanding benefit to my kind to work together with other warriors. For many millennia humans, Nymphs, Ogres, Amazons and some Nagai have benefitted with we Pegesai for mutual benefit. We get better protection and hands to close or staunch wounds that would kill us while our companions get swift transportation, aerial advantage and some measure of safety to kill our enemy using distance. Also it helps to fight off winged demons, having a partner fight while we evade. Yes, my kind can fight demons, but your limbs are more adept at slaying. A sword kills more quickly than stomping a demon to death.
“Until one of us dies, we will fight as one. I accept you as my only rider while you protect me.”
“So in essence… We’ll have a symbiotic relationship?”
“Indeed. It also means you will need to learn how to mount and dismount from my back often till the skill is natural.” Storm-shadow smiled slightly with his large, flat teeth. “It will do no good to be seen as clumsy. Discord will result among the House if you cannot show them you can be trusted to watch their flanks.”
Brushing the comment aside, Ethan asked “Your father is the most renowned Pegasus in history, but I thought he was only ever ridden by Bellerophon?”
Storm-shadow whinnied with amusement. “Odin is Bellerophon! Odin, as have many of these more elder beings, have carried many names, and during his time in Greece he took that other name because Romans detested the Norse and English. My sire has only ever accepted Odin as his companion. None other has ever ridden him in eighteen hundred years. Fools have tried, but any Pegesai’s honor demands to kill any who try and ride us so long as we are partnered.” Those dark brown eyes bored into grey. “Only you have the right to climb. I’ll never carry another, even if someone else is dying.”
“Why is that? Aren’t you the good guys?” They still walked.
“You misunderstand. It’s not that I won’t, I cannot. This goes beyond honor, Ethan. This afternoon when you first touched me, I accepted you as my sole rider. My power can only extend to a lone individual. I cannot fly with another on my back. I can run, yes, but flight won’t happen for another. It is an unbreakable magical contract of my kind. Many have tried, but none succeeded.”
“Hmm.” Ethan said through his nose.
They didn’t say another word as the information had to settle.
The half mile hall sped by quickly and Ethan stopped when he realized they neared the castle’s entrance. “Storm-shadow, where are we going?”
“To Celestia.”
“Doesn’t she live somewhere in this giant castle?”
“Not at all.” Storm-shadow’s hooves changed sounds from stone to the wood of the giant drawbridge. “Celestia resides in the only other surface built dwelling that is lived in. It will take near an hour to reach it at this pace, but if we fly it’ll take no more than five minutes.” The answer was clear, especially as only a ball of sun could be seen sitting over the treetops at distance.
“Practice makes perfect.” Ethan said as armed warriors began leaving the castle. Some even disappeared when he noticed Pixies clapping and teleporting warriors wherever he didn’t know.
A leather saddle reappeared on Storm-shadow’s back. Ethan stretched his foot into the stirrup behind the extended wing and grunted with effort. He laughed as he successfully threw his leg over and hooked his other foot into the other stirrup. “Made it on the first try!”
“So I see.” Came the pleased response. “That was almost flawless. Now we go.” Storm-shadow began a quick run before extending his wings and running through the air. In moments the stallion rose above the castle and veered to the East, up and above the castle and growing trees on its roof. The question as to why was answered “Because during the summer the trees offer shade and a fresh supply of sticks for our archers. The trees on the roof also serve a purpose in the castle’s defense, especially for Nymphs who rear their seedlings in safety.”
The bright orange sky before twilight made Ethan wonder if this landscape was the same he had first seen outside in Gairlochy for nothing other than the castle seemed similar. It still remained a majestic place to be sure, everything having a proper place and natural beauty that seemed so right. They flew over a clear lake where several Pegesai were drinking their fill, but Gargoyles and several other races were moving quickly to the perimeter to watch over the land and kill any demons who might come since Tattoo explained that demons all knew about the Fifty Houses and usually there was an attack or two each night, but the skirmishes were small and dealt with quickly with minor injuries. Few ever died, but those were accidents. It was also why Spirit Guides always remained on the premises so that if the unfortunate occurred, the fallen warrior’s soul could be taken safely away rather than eaten.
Past several sections of orderly forests, pastures and lakes there came a large home sized two story dwelling. It was just two stories tall, but made of black granite. The ground was flat and cobbled with flat stones and even from a distance Ethan could see countless scorch marks. Racks hung outside a large arched door with unfinished weapons, shields and armor dangling. Large cords of wood were stacked to the side of the building beside a large box of coal. The upper floor was dark, but below there was a flickering orange glow escaping the floor as one of three bricked chimneys billowed smoke into the cool Scottish air. The other two were still. Surprisingly though there was a small satellite dish on the roof.
Storm-shadow began a slow spiraling descent and just before the Pegasai touched down there came a loud hammering sound of metal clearly being worked. The sound was muffled thanks to the closed iron door, but no other sound could mistake metal being worked by hand.
Feeling a surge of excitement, Ethan forced himself to slow and carefully take his leg off and slowly land before removing his death grip on the saddle’s horn. His other slid right out. “I’m getting better.” Ethan joked and received a toothy horse smile from his new friend. “Can’t wait to get started.”
Ethan crossed a dirt path and quickly made way onto the stone ground to stop as the familiar ‘Clop, Clop’ of Storm-shadow’s hooves were silent. Not even the hammering sounds would have hid his golden shoes. “Storm-shadow? You coming?”
“I cannot.” The stallion replied, drawing his head back regally. “This is the task you have selected, not me. I shall wait here for one hour. If you do not return I’ll know Celestia has accepted you and have your belongings sent to the assistant’s room and be here at five thirty in the morning to retrieve you. Few in history have ever apprenticed under Celestia so prove yourself. She will expect complete dedication and hard work. Do not show weakness or you’ll fail like many who come to her. Go now and prove you have what it takes to be taught by the best Forgemaster to have ever to exist.”
“Then I’ll see you in the morning. I do not plan of failing.”
“Good luck then.” Storm-shadow watched Ethan turn around and approach the thick iron door. He paused a moment to look at the unfinished weapons and decided to lift a blackened short-sword by the bare handle where a grip hilt had yet to be created. He didn’t say a word, but it did make him wonder.
Ethan held the heavy blade and pounded his fist on the door. The hammering continued so he waited for a strange hissing sound and then tried again. “DO NOT BOTHER ME! I’M BUSY!” came a sharp feminine chirp with a rich English accent that was instantly irritated at the disturbance.
“Miss Celestia, My name is Ethan Volorum and I come here to learn from you! Odin says I can ask to be a student.” he shouted back, but didn’t open the door.
“PISS OFF! I HAVE NO TIME FOR INTERRUPTIONS!” she screeched.
“I’m coming in!”
“THEN DIE!”
Opening the door wide, Ethan heard the threat too late and could barely gasp instinctively as a wall of bright orange fire slammed into him standing in the open entrance. The power of the blow knocked him back several steps. A stream of fire in the shape of the arch shot outside like the engine of a jet using afterburners.
For a moment Ethan feared being burned alive and died again, but the shock faded as he realized there was no discomfort. As a Fire Elemental the flames brushed harmlessly against him. His clothes were also immune to the flames and the warmth knocked off the chill he got during the short light from the castle.
Then the flames died and Ethan looked inside to see who tried killing him. The greatest Forgemaster Celestia wasn’t as expected.
Celestia was none other than a Phoenix!





Chapter 6

Alone in a room full of medieval age looking equipment of a trademark blacksmith stood a giant fiery bird. The top of her Phoenix’s head stood close to eight feet with a long, elegant neck thick layered with muscle beneath vibrant feathers of red and gold. For a moment Ethan liked it to an ostrich, but the two were polar opposites. The Phoenix had a long neck that was similar to a goose, but with a predatory curved beak. The thick neck connected with a large body supporting long folded wings and made it the largest bird he’d ever seen. Bright orange and red plumage were sleek and glossy, but the bird’s entire body was shrouded entirely by fire which constantly blazed. Long, thick running legs stood on eagle-like curved, sharp talons which could grip any prey and carry it off. Burning tail feathers were long and caressed the floor behind her. The oddest thing in Ethan’s overall description of the large mythically real bird is that at the primary wing-joints were three fingerlike appendages holding onto a rounded head hammer while her other wing held a dented helmet glowing red quickly in her powerful grasp after being recently quenched.
Celestia’s beak was parted while hypnotic green irises were wide, almost mirroring Ethan’s human reaction. She was as surprised to find him standing as he was to stare at such a beautiful avian.
The Phoenix recovered first by throwing down the hammer and helm to ask in a far gentler and far away tone “How is it you still stand? No man who is a Wizard have lived through my flames.”
“I’m not a Wizard.” Ethan clarified. “So you are the infamous Celestia everyone praises and fears?”
The most dangerous bird of prey cocked her head and took a step closer. “I am Celestia, Order’s greatest Forgemaster. Answer my question hatchling. How do you still stand?”
“I control fire too. Everyone calls me a Fire Elemental. Fire and heat do not harm me.” He answered, looking up higher and higher as those curious and luminous emeralds approached without blinking.
“It’s true…Bloody Hell.” She chirped in almost a whisper when her breast was less than three feet from him standing outside the shop. “Only dragons and Gargoyles can stand this close to me without running or catching afire. Last Fire Elemental to stand before me was little Solomon, but he died thousands of year ago… What is it you require? No dawdling now. I’m quite busy.”
Ethan felt he stood before a queen above all royalty and did the only thing he knew might please her. He knelt down on both knees and laid the unfinished sword onto the ground, bowed his forehead all the way down to the cool stone and said “I come to learn from you. I just arrived today to this place and Odin said I need a beneficial job for this house. He gave me options, but becoming your apprentice sounded best and most rewarding. I will put my everything into learning your craft and ease the high demand and burden placed solely on your magnificent… wings.” He nearly said ‘shoulders.’ “Will you please allow me the chance to learn from you?”
Celestia looked down at the prostrating human closely, listening to every word. Few had shown her this much respect after her fire assault. Fewer more had ever sounded so sincere and humble rather than fleeing or challenging her. Her critical eyes betrayed nothing of her inner assumptions, especially about Odin’s meddling. She vowed to have words soon about this unorthodox interruption. Then she noticed the blade at his side and her eyes narrowed dangerously. “Were you trying to steal one of my creations?” her seething tone wasn’t lost on him, she noticed him cringe.
“Never.” He kept his forehead glued to the ground. “I hate theft and immoral issues. I saw the unfinished blade hanging outside here and saw it has been neglected for some time for it has begun to rust. I took it to show you how I can be of assistance.”
“Oh?” she sounded unconvinced as her fiery body illuminated the nearby area brightly in the darkening landscape. “Stand up then and show me how you were going to appeal to my sensibilities by taking one of my creations.” Doing as ordered he quickly stood, lifted the dull, rusty blade and stepped back. “And just where do you think you’re going. One more step and I’ll really kill you. That sword is meant for another client.”
“I just merely wished you could see my power to warm the blade and not be seen as done so from your own flames.” He said after stopping mid step.
“Then you are far enough.” Her tucked wings fluffed and slightly swirled her fire around. Ethan held still and grabbed both ends of the sword, holding it outward and could feel the telltale tingling signs of using fire.
Celestia watched with critical eyes as the black and slightly rusty blade began smoking. Chunks of accumulated debris began falling and then she began to see the metal glowing cherry red, but didn’t stop. It grew brighter and brighter. When it got white hot she about lunged over to pull it from his grasp before it was irreparably damaged and be forced to start over completely, but then he took the malleable ends and easily folded it in half as if it were a wet noodle. Even from eight yards away Celestia could feel the intense heat the folded metal brush against her own fire. She then asked “Why did you fold the metal at just that moment? Why not wait another second or two?”
Ethan made her wait a second as he sat the metal down and used his bare hands to line the fold out before pulling it back to an average closeness of its original length and pressed the pieces together like a sandwich. He meticulously used the ground to hold it while saying “My power told me the metal was about to melt and lose its structure. When my power first began heating it I felt the seventy previous folds inside and added another. It is a common technique I once read about, but it also makes the material more durable and less likely to break under tension. But that is as much as I know regarding metalworking. Oh, and it needs to be hammered. My hands don’t give enough of an impact.”
“Pick it up and come inside. I wish to see how well you can use a hammer.” Celestia spun and her talons clicked on the ground as she walked back inside. Ethan lifted the superheated metal barehanded and followed eagerly.
Standing alone and hidden beside a tree was Storm-shadow who said more to himself “Good luck, Ethan. You’re off to a good start.” And he left.
Inside, Celestia pointed one of her wing’s three fingers to a wide top anvil and procured a flat hammer while Ethan shut the door. “Place the work here and show me your novice technique.”
He stepped quickly while taking in the room. The roof was over fifteen feet high and blackened from countless years of work. A billow one would pump stuck out from a blazing furnace with aged wood and coal for fuel. Hanging from racks inside were dozens of varying hand held weapons, shields and armor, some even had horseshoes and what look like large teeth. Along the wall of the furnace were hundreds and hundreds of tools specifically geared toward the crafting process. To the opposite wall were a honeycomb of openings stuffed with two dozen or more types of specific twinkling metals just waiting to be smelted. All were already in processed and sat as pure ingots or like fine sand. A hundred hanging racks were full of creations, just waiting to be finalized. Over by a door seemed to be the only simple machine, a lathe-like, foot powered machine about five feet tall was well used and waited for someone to pump the foot petal to start the spinning process. But unlike how he always imagined a blacksmith’s workshop to be, Celestia kept everything highly organized and out of the way so none could trip or feel crowded. Ethan figured a bird of her size would need the room.
Ethan took the offered, solid metal hammer, suppressing a grunt to heft it. It weighed a good ten pounds. Celestia remained close with her long neck watching every moment. Few creatures could stand near her, but Ethan’s immunity didn’t even make him sweat. He felt warm like on a summer day, but not overheated. He silently thanked his powers while concerned with her proximity.
He lay the still hot metal on the anvil and held one end in his hand. He considered carefully where the strikes would start and lifted the hammer and brought it down. Showers of sparks startled him, but he didn’t let it show as he aimed for the tip again. He did it over and over, sometimes turning it to add a sharp point to the front. He brought the hammer down time and again. Fatigue coupled with the hammer’s extensive weight soon started becoming labored. He was forced to change hands and Celestia silently watched and observed without comment. When the white hot glow diminished he reheated it easily.
When he felt the hammering sufficient he sat the hammer down and looked up to ask “What do I do next? Put it in water?”
She shook her head. “No, quench the metal first in purified oil for ten seconds and then in water.” She pointed to a series of liquid filled buckets. When he hesitated and couldn’t differentiate one dark liquid from another she said “Far right is the oil needed for that stage of working. Water is adjoining.” Flames erupted as soon as the hot metal was entirely submerged for the allotted time. He then stuck his hand in the oil and pulled out the flaming, oil dripping material which he even went so far as to use his own fingers to wipe the excess back in before dropping it into the dirty looking water. “Leave it and come here.” He brushed his blackened hands on his jeans before standing before her. “Name?”
“Ethan, Ma’am.”
“Ethan,” Celestia began. “Tell me why you hammered from the tip fold and work your way down to the pommel.”
“Because I thought if there were any tiny air bubbles trapped it would first be in the tip so I worked my way down from the top, slowly making sure I didn’t miss a single bubble. Celestia, is it too early to ask to become your apprentice?”
Her neck arched and her head tilted considerably. “I saw a clearly untrained human hand beating away at my most precious livelihood like a mindless Neanderthal. The hits were sloppy, weak and your hands are soft, telling me your life has been leisurely.” Ethan gasped as he looked at his bloody hands. They were so numb he didn’t notice and shame filled his expression. His head dropped, but three clawed fingers lifted his chin to look into her green eyes. “But untrained as you are, Ethan, I saw your focus only on the task and no outside thoughts broke that concentration for a moment. I noticed you are right handed, but when the pain in your shoulder became too much your left struck well enough and didn’t compromise the straightness I saw when the blade lifted. You even forgot I was right behind you once a personal rhythm started.” She withdrew her wing. “Your promise of hard work and dedication wasn’t false. You have much promise I can work with. More than I have seen in many centuries and never in a human. Yes, I will be your master, but for now go to the sink and clean your wounds. In the stone cabinet I have fire resistant linen you can use for a bandage. Your apprenticeship begins at once. Tend to your wounds and return to my side. You have three minutes.”
Celestia was startled as Ethan unceremoniously cheered and wrapped long arms around her neck for a hug and then rushed over to a sink to grimace and rip the ribbons of broken skin from them. The numbness of hammering is all that saved him. The Phoenix blinked at the show of affection, shook her head and lifted the helmet she was working on earlier and began heating it again.
After a few swings she heard the sound of linen ripping and a minute later Ethan stood at her side as her wing came down to hammer the heated helm. She noted his bandaged palms only an amateur could do, but said “Hold the helmet over the horn and turn it slowly each time I hit it.”
“The what?” He asked in ignorance.
“Horn. The horn, Boy. Here on the anvil. This here is the horn, the table, the face, the hardy hole and the pritchel hole.” Celestia pointed to the areas of the giant anvil and expected him to remember. He took the heated helm and put it over the horn, careful to keep his fingers from powerful and controlled strikes. She heard him whispering the names over and over, committing them to memory and she was satisfied with it. “Turn more slowly, Boy… That’s it.” She slammed the hammer again. “I do not allow a single creation leave my sight without utter perfection. No smith makes better quality than I for that very reason. Nothing else compares… A little more for the eyelet… good. Now go put that in the forge for the remainder of the night and bring the a scimitar.” The blank look she received prompted her to say “The curved saber that broadens more at the point.”
“Yes, Ma’am.” He stuck his arms confidently into the flames and placed the helm on an open spot and then lifted the long weapon. “This one?” he asked and noticed his bandaged hands still intact as if the furnace’s flames were useless.
Celestia nodded, had him hold the raw hilt and watch as she worked. Her grip on the hammer he used earlier went up and down repeatedly and her precise movements and rhythm couldn’t hide the strength used or that the endurance was far superior to his. “Turn.” She said and he quickly obliged. “Heat the core to three thousand degrees just beneath the flat spine.”
“Celestia, I don’t have that knowledge yet. I just learned to use my flame today.”
His statement stopped her next blow half way midair. Her sharp, hawk-like green eyes shot to his honest grey. “Say that again. You learned this power today? How? Were you not born with it? I see no trauma which would release it through recent self preservation.”
“I didn’t get it till after I came back to life yesterday. Fate used a Blue Rose of Truth to make me a new body after I died way too soon and veered off his path he created for me.”
Celestia sat the hammer down to look at her new pupil in a new light. “So you died? Only the eldest and heads know of Fate’s blue roses that restore mortal form to the spirit and he hordes them more than my own craft’s secrets. I now see why you were so open of expression to see me. You know so little about all this, Yes?” She spread her brilliant wings and filled most of the room. All he could do was nod. “Bloody hell… The control of fire you demonstrated for me on the Gladius was so precise I thought your control was based off years of practice… hmm.” She cocked her head and clicked her beak. “Your folding was impeccable in timing, but you’ve never learned the nuances of our rare gift. Go to the cabinet beneath the sink and locate the thermometer to learn the exact degrees I call out. Until I know you can instantly modify temperature you must not assist me. If you have a strong mind you will learn rapidly.” Celestia picked up the sword and hammer to use her own flammable powers to accurately do what she wished.
Ethan moved over and opened a sliding stone cabinet beneath the sink and inside the blackened place were many specifically placed items. Most of all had a metallic, dull gold coloring much like Odin’s spear. These were all instruments meant for specific situations. “Thermometer… Thermometer… Is this it, Celestia?” He brought out a contraption much like a metal crock-pot with a lid welded to four, five inch long metal bars welded to a wide base so it would never come off. One thin tenth of an inch wide line sat vertically over three levels of circular numbers. The bottom level had bold numbers starting from zero to ten and from the same start were negative to ten. The middle of the device had the same, but in hundreds and the upper had thousands with the letter K next to the number as representation of the thousand symbol. On the lid though were more runes of protection. Some he remembered from the room in Kiroq’s underground home.
“Correct. Set your hand afire and place it on the top. I invented that myself, a more accurate version to Fahrenheit, but very similar. By your accent you are American. You will be more familiar than others who use Celsius.” Her head turned back around.
Ethan carried the device over to a stone workbench and sat. He looked closely at the intended line and whispered “No way! It’s nine hundred and thirty one degrees in here? One forty would kill anyone.” He gulped, realizing most of the heat came from the Phoenix herself and figured it wasn’t her only her personality that kept her away from the castle. For everyone else, Celestia was too dangerous to be near.
He wiped a few beads of sweat away, not from the heat but from exercise and realization of where he was. To fight his scattered thoughts he focused on the bright and shiny device. A gentle flame came alive over his hand obediently and as soon as he placed it over the top the dials began to spin. It jumped to fifteen hundred and that was a weak temperature. He told his flame to remain steady and after a bit of work the dials held constant. He dimmed the flame and it dropped one hundred and then two. He weakened it further and tried to drop it one single degree for every minute, learning how to more accurately do so. He remained solely concentrated, bringing the heat back up when the natural room temperature was higher than the flames. He learned quickly how to measure his heat by number and could even cool the metal by pulling the heat inwards with a thought.
His concentration was so focused he didn’t notice Celestia had worked another three blades and stood directly in front of the table or sitting down the protected tablet and guidebook. She admired concentration for a blacksmith of any worth needed relentless concentration to ever make a worthy creation. Then she broke it by saying “Ethan, it has been six hours and you are in need of rest. Before that, would you like a test?”
“Huh?” Six hours? He thought. “It’s been that long, really? Didn’t feel like it?” he then groaned when he sat back. “Never mind, my body answered the question… Ah, no, not yet, Celestia. I need much more practice.”
“Very well. Head through that door and go up the stairs. Your nest will be the door to the left. Mine is right. I’ve already checked and all your belongings are there. The nest is bare, but comfortable. Bathe and rest. Return here directly after the House’s evening meal.” She then walked forth to the front door.
“Where are you going?”
Celestia paused and said “I must go visit Odin about a certain matter. Now do as I say, Boy.” She then left the room.
Ethan stood and before doing her bidding, noticed the floor had gotten wet from quenching and large shards of metal were around. A metal broom of the same odd metal stood alone in a corner so he trudged over and personally swept the whole floor and used a rag to wipe up the warm water and spilled oil off the ground.
A half hour later he could barely move, but he stored the temperature device beneath the sink, grabbed his things and headed for the door and walked up the stone steps, turning left and headed to an ancient iron door that opened with a single ring instead of a doorknob. The darkness was greater than human eyes could navigate by, but one torch lit fist fixed that problem. He expected it to be heavy, but the door swung in with little effort and without a sound from oiled hinges.
Inside the room, Ethan’s lit fist revealed a light switch which he flipped and ended the fire. He was so tired he barely saw his boxes stacked in the center beneath a ceiling fan, but he did set the tablet and book down on the stack and headed for another arched door made of some old wood which revealed a large bathtub, toilet and sink with a mirror.
Instinctively Ethan moved to the tub and turned the red hot water knob and plugged the drain. He then shed his dirty clothing, removed the linen from his now angry and pained hands and sunk down into the filling tub.
As a hot bath seeped into an aching body, it returned some temporary vitality and promoted relaxation. He forced himself to not doze off, but as soon as he felt his lids closing he forced his limbs to exit and unplug the drain.
Too tired to properly dry off, Ethan walked back into the main room, spotted a naked bed void of sheets with two large pillows and as soon as he crawled in oblivion claimed him completely.

“Wake up, Handsome!” came an unfamiliar voice at the edge of a dream. “Wakey, wakey! Haven’t seen such a fine looking butt in ages without hair while the rest of your torso is like a teddy without all that nasty back-hair.” The voice was male and gay by the lilting ring to it. Ethan immediately knew something was wrong and his eyes opened groggily. “Finally! I thought you were never going to rise.”
Ethan yelped at the voice when he knew he wasn’t dreaming and someone was near. He fell out of an unknown bed and cursed as his naked backside felt the cold of uncaring stone. The cold gave the needed jolt as he jumped behind the nearest obstruction which turned out to be a small mountain of boxes. Ethan then stuck his head out to glimpse at the uninvited intruder and likely burn off his eyebrows for entering without permission.
The room was eerily empty. Ethan poked his head out more too finally realize more of his surroundings. The iron door was shut with a thick iron bar slid over into a locked position in the wall. On the calm grey wall was a full length mirror opposite the one with the light switch. A lifeless fireplace was cold and hadn’t seen use in decades at least. An open door leading to a bathroom with a light still on added to the glow coming from the ceiling fan slowly circling overhead. The whole wall with the bathroom door was clean granite. There were two electrical outlets, one side showing a bare stone work desk with a metal seat and the other had a stand complete with a brand new flat-screen and DVR with a remote beneath. To the western wall were shelves rising twelve feet to a stone ceiling. All around the open faced stone shelves were more runes. Behind, to the south, was a bare bed with a dry water stain from absorbing moisture from his lazy bath he faintly remembered. Beside the bed was a nightstand and next to it was the most exquisite wardrobe cabinet and dresser combination. It stood nearly as tall as the room and the front doors that were shut depicted a roguishly handsome face delicately drawn with gold filigree over glossy mahogany. The handles were creatively used for luminous blue eyes.
Then the blue eyes blinked.
“Holy hell!” Ethan was so surprised he tripped backwards and fell into his boxes that didn’t give and corners stabbed him in the back. The gold lined face changed and smiled.
“It seems all the talk of you yesterday was true. Here, handsome, try this on.” The double doors parted and out shot a man’s green robe right to Ethan’s feet, which he grabbed immediately. By the time the doors shut Ethan was modestly covering his front. “Now don’t you look scrumptious!”
“Who or what are you?”
“Ah.” The cabinet said and closed his handle-eyes. “Our introduction is needed. I would have greeted you when you first entered your new room, Ethan, but you were dead on your feet and went straight to bed after a steamy bath. I didn’t wish to wake you, but Storm-shadow will be here for you soon.
“I” the cabinet said with a dramatic flourish. “am Dressor, but everyone calls me Dress. A very long time ago I invented the dresser as I worked for Order. For my contribution over ten thousand years ago Fate gave me the gift I wanted and I became Order’s most amazing seamstress. I make or alter everyone’s clothes and am used to send messages to whomever asks kindly. And the perks of my work just keep coming. All night I got to stare at that juicy backside.” Dress winked. “Oh, I’m just teasing you. I looked away and gave you privacy till I was asked to rouse you.”
“But what… how?” Ethan fumbled to tie sash secure around his waist.
“I’m connected to every room in every House all at the same time. You seemed to have missed me in Kiroq’s room, but I listened to you speak in the prince’s.”
“Kind of like Cook?” he asked, trying to focus on not being embarrassed further.
“Good analogy… Yes, I guess you can say that, but unlike her, I’m in every bedroom in Order throughout the world. That Wisp can only feed one House while her sisters work at others… I know you’re disturbed about me, but unlike others, if you ever need to speak in confidence, it’ll go no further. I’m like everyone’s mental therapist, keeping all sane. None other than Fate or Spirit King can make me talk. Not Odin, Celestia or any being can make me spill someone’s secrets. I personally protect your room from others when you sleep and also serve to wake others up. I overheard you earlier with Tattoo and the others you were brought from America. I know your biological clock is off, but in a week or two you’ll get used to it.” Dress smiled knowingly. “We will have more time to speak later. Go hop in the shower. The sun’s already up. Storm will be arriving in ten minutes. Oh and there is a wall closet Floa helped me stock with towels and washcloths. This time don’t traipse wet and naked unless you want me excited.”
“I’ll keep that in mind, but fist, is it possible to move you over a bit so you don’t stare at me in bed. I prefer sleeping nude.”
For an answer Dress suddenly hopped loudly over and angled slightly in the corner. “Will that make you more comfortable? I cannot see the bed, Spoilsport.”
“Thank you, Dress. It is just really embarrassing.”
This made Dress snort with laughter. “I’m teasing you, Ethan. Normally suites in the castle have a recess I can fit into so everyone can have privacy and I don’t need to hear all the moaning, grunting and screaming of our warriors getting it on. I’m glad most Nymphs though take their pleasures outside… back to what I was saying, most have a place for me when I’m not needed. Only this room has been neglected because the infamous Celestia never takes on an apprentice. The last one was over eight hundred years ago. From what I’ve witnessed in my time, she’s taught only five… well you now make six. I’ve already told Tattoo and he’ll have it corrected by this afternoon. Oh, and don’t take your shoddy clothes. I won’t permit it, especially since Blake will be training you. You’ll need something appropriate… maybe a little padding armor would help. Go then, eight minutes.”
Ethan sighed, looked out at the bright window and stepped inside to take a quick shower and towel off. He wrapped the towel around his waist and held the robe over an arm while stepping out. “Dress, what do I do with this? Where do I return this to get cleaned?”
“Well that was quick, but you had a shower not five hours prior so you’re good enough.” Dress commented before answering. “Laundry, that’s my department. Just throw it in as is, Ethan, but first…” Dress’s face parted as the door opened and out shot out folded blue jeans, a leather belt with a simple buckle, a pair of blue boxers and a grayish black long sleeve shirt. With the dark interior open came “Throw it in.”
The robe vanished and the door shut. As he picked up the neatly folded apparel he said “Wait, these are my boxers!”
“Well I won’t let you wear someone else’s undergarments. That’s gross. When Floa was sent to collect you a shirt I had her toss that set in me. I repaired all the damage and problems of the fabric and customized it some to not be inflexible or in need of immediate repair. The belt though is a leftover gift from me from one of our fallen warriors a decade ago. Until I know every measurement of your body I cannot custom make you anything. I don’t want our secret weapon to be seen in anything but the best. Hurry and change now.”
It took just a minute to slide everything on in the bathroom, but the belt took a little longer. The shirt was tucked in the pants and as he stepped out Dress exclaimed “You look Faaabulous! I am a good at restoring clothes and bringing beauty to whomever wears my designs. Now go put your shoes on and head outside… Wait, do I have your permission to ask one of the workers to give me all your clothes?”
“No, I don’t like people touching my things. I’ll do it after Blake is done with me. May I ask though if you’ll make sure no one else digs through my boxes? Shut them in like you closed and locked the door when I was too tired to do so.”
“No one will steal or snoop, but if they do I promise to detain them.”
“Thanks.” He said and jumped into his sneakers, found his box of toiletries and quickly applied a stick of deodorant, but as he slid the bar back and glanced over a shoulder he noticed the book Tattoo loaned and wondered how it survived, but he had the feeling it would be needed so he picked it up and hurried downstairs.
Aside from the crackling of the forge downstairs Ethan noticed everything as he had left it except for the Gladius he worked on last night hung on a rack. He smiled and remembered his place and made way for the door.
Waiting just outside in the morning light was a large silhouette which became Storm-shadow. “I see you made a successful venture to learn from the Forgemaster herself. Learn much?”
“Yep, but why wasn’t I warned about what I would be walking into?” Ethan poked his new companion on the grey star-like patch of hair that contrasted with the rest of his sleek ebony coat.
The answer was direct and couldn’t be more true. “It wouldn’t have helped. She would have burned anyone else. Your ignorance is a blessing and seems your clumsy yet heartfelt and sincere clumsiness had made you easy to like. Celestia chose you for a reason we all could see. Be proud that she is teaching you. Many would rush into a nest of dragons unarmed for a chance to be her student, but she doesn’t care about acts of heroism or strength. No Phoenix can be manipulated or told what to do. They are without a doubt the most stubborn yet strongest beings in Order. Not even a dragon would challenge a Phoenix alone. Even Jormon fears her. Believe me when I say Celestia has no equal.”
“You don’t need to remind me.” Ethan revealed his scabbed and raw hands. “Her strength is beyond mine for sure. She wielded a hammer for hours that did this to me in one and Celestia’s wing… arm or whatever, never got tired or weakened. And I do feel honored and grateful I didn’t wet myself.”
“Your hands will heal and harden in time. This will be good, especially for training with Blake. He will train you while Celestia makes you stronger and we get more of her most vital creations. Come, we fly back for breakfast.”
“Alright, but this time can we eat closer to the gate? I’m not comfortable near all the leaders and being center of attention.” Ethan hoped for the best.
“If that is your wish.”
He sighed and quickly mounted after stuffing the book in the saddle pack as he found yesterday. “By the way, why is it so bright this early?”
“Sunrise was around four. You’re no longer near the equator. Days and nights aren’t as predictable as you’re familiar with.

Not really an early morning person, Ethan looked into the main hall and groaned inwardly as everyone he met seemed bright eyed and bushytailed. He didn’t even get eight hours sleep at all back in the States and worse yet he had a mild hangover from Odin’s concoction and the sweet wine at dinner, but he didn’t complain. Never does any good. Storm-shadow led his partner over to an empty table, but along the way Ethan went to a wash area where some supernatural children who were being punished for some broken rule were cleaning dishes. A small Naga boy gave Ethan a glass and let him use the clean water to fill it for a much needed drink to rid himself of a headache.
They soon sat together at the table and Ethan cracked open the book, starting with the rules that govern this place. It was written in sections, but the first were the general unbreakable laws followed by the species individual laws. He immersed himself to block out the noise. Storm-shadow took it upon himself to politely tell any and all welcoming persons that his human was busy learning the rules. Already though the Pegasai was approached by the spreading news of Ethan’s apprenticeship with Celestia.
“Yes, she has taken him under her tutelage.” He again told a group of highly impressed Centaur who wished to commune with the Elemental and learn his secret. “I’m sorry, but Ethan is familiarizing himself with our ways. Have you forgotten he has not even been here for a day? Please inform others that for the next few days that until he assimilates to our ways, that he is not to be disturbed.” He had to say this several times, but the point did eventually spread.
“Hey cutie, put the book down.” Glowed Cook as she settled her glowing green form right between the pages. Ethan mumbled an apology and did as she asked when finally getting his attention. “Good. So what shall it be for breakfast?” Her eye looked him up and down.
“I’m hungry, Cook. Could I have some apple-cinnamon oatmeal, three eggs and two slices of unbuttered bread?” he sat the book aside.
The wisp bobbed up and down. “What kind of bread? Toasted or untoasted? And the eggs, how would you like them? And what would you like to drink?”
“Oh, uh. I like my bread to be wheat and lightly toasted and scramble the eggs please. And strong black coffee. No sugar or cream.”
“Coming right up!” She said cheerfully and then appeared the instant meal.
It all was a little much in quantity, but then again everyone ate a fair in excess for the sole reason that their bodies required it. Not one person other than himself had as much extra padding. Ethan knew he was slightly overweight, but not morbidly so. Here though he felt like a blimp. He ate and told Cook how perfect everything was. She glowed cheerfully and he couldn’t lie. Last night wasn’t a fluke, the breakfast was just as memorable as the spaghetti dinner. The oatmeal had chunks of steaming apples with both sweet and tangy flavors mixed in with the meal. The eggs were fluffy and golden like clouds and the bread was just the way he liked it. Before he knew it all had disappeared and the freshly squeezed and hot coffee washed it all down. Storm-shadow hadn’t finished munching on a few sugar cubes and carrots so Ethan went back to the dog-eared page he left off on and learned more about Naga law before starting on Gargoyles and what not to do. The book was for humans and Ethan found it to be enlightening.
“Ethan, let us go find Blake.” Storm-shadow said after nudging his shoulder.
With the book under his arm and dirty plates in hand Ethan deposited the dishes in another hole in the wall and hurried towards the entrance.
Waiting by the drawbridge sat Blake in long black pants and the closer they got, Ethan realized the Naga was meditating. Blake’s legs were crossed, his long dark brown-green tail wrapped around him, eyes closed, hands laying on knees with palms facing up. Two ebony sheathed katanas and a leather sheathed broadsword lay beside him. Ethan asked privately “Storm-shadow, is Blake sunning himself like other lizards?”
“No, Nagai are warm-blooded. Blake, like most Naga warriors, are highly aggressive and they meditate to focus that aggression in a productive way. I’ve known my friend for centuries and his methods. He will not respond to us till he comes out of the mental training… unless threatened. Never attack a meditating Naga. You’ll die. Their kind are the fastest to strike. For brief moments, they can even outrun my kind. That is plenty of time to kill.”
“Got it. Don’t poke the viper.”
“Naga have no venom.” Storm-shadow said, misunderstanding the metaphor.
“Never mind. So what do you want to do till he wakes?”
“Best you continue reading. Knowing Blake, he’ll wake at eight to start.”
Ethan was glad for the suggestion and sat near the oblivious Naga, just out of reach should any of those swords be unsheathed. Storm-shadow patiently waited on the stone section just outside the bridge trimming the grass. The book filled many of Ethan questions and answered concerns he’d been afraid to ask and the progress was steady. Nymphs had by far the fewest laws. Humans though were the only kind who were divided into the magic casters and specialists. Ethan knew he was a specialist, like Tattoo while Kira and other Witches and Wizards were also known as Casters. Amazon’s weren’t considered entirely human, which wasn’t a stretch. He also learned it was rare and difficult for Specialists to learn and practice casting and were no replacement for a born Caster. It explained why Odin hinted his prowess in spells were weak. Pages flew and Ethan immersed himself.

Blake’s honed body told him it was time and his meditative state melted. Speckled brown and golden eyes opened to an invigorating sunrise before sensing a calm pair of presences. “Ah, you are already here Ethan. Good morning, Storm.” The glossy scaled Naga stood to his natural six and a half feet in a smooth movement. “Waiting long?”
“Hello, Old Friend.” The Pegesai said. “Hour and a half at most.”
The Naga’s opaque claw scratched a scale at the other elbow. “On my way to my nest I saw Celestia in the middle of the night. She rarely leaves her dwelling and it’s said Ethan here is her apprentice?”
“That is correct.”
“I smell blood.” Blake’s nose-less nostrils inhaled the air and a flat, pink, forked tongue shot out for a moment.
“Probably me.” Ethan showed his hand. “Did that last night with Celestia.”
“Very well.” The Naga sighed deeply as his tail lay flat on the ground. “Ethan, we will begin your training immediately with a five mile run around the castle. Take this for now.” Blake handed over his broadsword. “Slide the baldric over your head and tighten the strap till it feels comfortable. The weight will add another element to the run. It will build strength while the run enhances endurance… Take off your shoes as well. Your feet must harden too.”
“But what if I cut my foot on a stone or debris? I won’t be worth anything.”
“You will heal in time.” Blake said uncaringly. “Get to it!”
Ethan kicked off his shoes and socks before struggling to fit the sword’s strap over his chest. When it was clear he didn’t have a clue, Blake stepped forward and used his scaly hands to properly strap it on.
“I will wait here and watch over your belongings.”
“We will return soon, Storm.” Blake said before telling his new student to start running down a dirt path that stayed just outside Jormungandr’s river-moat. Blake matched Ethan’s fast pace while sliding a katana into position on either hip. The Naga could see the Elemental had potential and a drive to get stronger though he rarely ran anywhere frequently. After just two minutes sweat started forming. “Pace yourself or you’ll collapse.” Blake lectured calmly while his hard reptilian feet gouged the path many use. “Learn to breath in through your nose and out your mouth. It will help your from sucking air and collapsing… That’s it.”
After traveling a mile, Ethan stopped and bent over his knees, trying not to vomit while gasping. Blake silently watched the struggle, but saw the food remain down before his student started a jog which was more reasonable. Each step became more labored than the last and the heavy sword strapped to his back grew heavier. It was awkward, it bouncing around, but it made it that much harder. Ethan didn’t want to be seen as lazy anymore, but as he rounded the third corner his soft feet found a rock that inevitably brought his earlier prophecy to light and he stumbled from the shot of pain, landing face first in Scottish soil. Blake still remained a silent observer and the unsettling feeling of being watched forced Ethan to suck up the pain and continue on.
Ethan collapsed as soon as they arrived back at the front of the castle where Storm-shadow loyally waited. “Return my sword while you recover.” The Naga said. “Jormun’s water is clean. Go wash the dirt from your foot.”
“May I ask you accompany me down there?”
“Why?” Blake asked with skepticism.
Ethan looked embarrassed. “Actually, it’s embarrassing, but I’m afraid of deep water… drowning actually.”
The Naga nodded as if it made since. “A Fire Elemental afraid of water? Very well, I can understand a weakness like that.”
The sheathe was all too eager to get off the completely soaked shirt and returned. Ethan though walked down the bank that led to the clear water where the World Snake’s body undulated beneath its surface. Ethan saw Jormun’s head and realized the colossal snake was a good half mile in length. Those eerie eyes followed Ethan and Blake down to the water and watched as he very cautiously sat his throbbing foot in to clean it. The grass was lush and mildly wet from lingering dew and Blake stayed close to keep a close eye on his frightened student, but didn’t know the real reason Ethan was terrified of water and he would keep it secret. Carefully, after the dirt came from the shallow wound and blood ran clean did Ethan remove his drenched shirt and soak it in the water to remove the sweat and as he put it back on it cooled him off fast. “Thank you for letting me use your water, Jormun!”
Jormungandr released a grunt before his head sunk below the clear water.
Back up safely on the road Ethan was allowed to put his shoes back on and followed Blake down the road which worked out growing leg cramps. The teacher then took another path that led towards one of the lakes. The closer they got the clearer a distinct sound became.
Metal struck metal or wood cracked wood while battle cries roared. Soon Ethan found himself gawking at a training area he hadn’t seen yesterday. All around the lake were warriors either sparring or working out in the open as if it were a gym. It was just a dozen fighters currently, but they sure made some noise and exchanged blows honed through years of rigorous training. The Naga walked soon on level concrete ground that led to an overhang pavilion that protected the training equipment and gave Ethan a pair of ankle and wrist weights set at five pounds and then handed over a long oak staff with runes etched into the grain.
“The fastest method to learn how to fight is by experience.” Blake said and grabbed an almost identical staff after laying down his three deadly weapons. “For ten minutes you will defend against my attacks and we’ll exchange roles. The hardest terrain to fight in is water, but since it is your weakness it’ll have to be sand. Come.” A minute later they stood in a circular arena of twenty feet of sugar sand, sand Ethan was familiar with from Florida.
Without warning or hesitation Blake attacked with an overhead strike. Somehow Ethan managed to grasp the staff in both hands before receiving a splitting concussion. It was a successful block, but the blow was so heavy he yelped and dropped it. “Your grip was too loose.” The master chastised while flicking the dropped staff back into the air with a flick of his own. Ethan grabbed it and as soon as he did a slap to his thigh made him yelp and curse. “Just because you are an Elemental doesn’t mean your power will always save you. Never drop your weapon no matter how much pain you are in. A demon would instantly take advantage of such weakness and consume your soul.” The next strike was slow and parried and Ethan didn’t see the hit from where his thigh throbbed. Blake was going easy, allowing him to see the attacks and could go much faster. “Without your power you are dead. A weapon is your life. Treasure it above all things or death will find you again. This time permanently.” Ethan was knocked back by a quick blow to the sternum. “Defend! Your life is the ultimate treasure. If it is squandered you die. Do not count on another chance. None in Order’s history has ever been revived like you. Our service in death remains just that.” Blake came again with a powerful overhead strike. “Good, you didn’t drop it this time.”
“But it stings like hell! Why am I wearing weights?” Ethan huffed, barely maintaining balance.
“To slow you down so you have to force a reaction, not do it easily. Your body will adapt swiftly. Once a week I will let you rest and recover, but I will not give permission to remove those weights except to bathe. From this day, every day, you will wear them. Understand?”
Ethan missed the hit and felt it at his shin, right above the ankle-weights. “Fun fun!” he said sarcastically after cursing under his breath.
A minute later his arms ached and his legs felt like rubber. Numbness in his hands barely held the staff. After a second drop he was walloped twice, one in the knee and the other across the cheek. Ethan so wanted to quit immediately, but compared to the others fulfilling their one hour mandatory daily exercise he was glad Blake was his teacher for there were brutal, often bloody lessons learned.
At the ten minute mark Ethan couldn’t even lift his arms. Blake called for a break and left Ethan sitting in the sand to go retrieve two bottles of water refilled from the lake. He handed it down and Ethan chugged the cool liquid down before asking “Where’s the bathroom?”
Blake pointed to the trees while he wiped water from brownish lips. “The trees. Relieve yourself on their roots. Follow the path and find one of the sinks to wash your hands afterwards. If you must defecate, find a hole the Nymphs made so the trees feed well. If full, find another.”
“Thanks for the tip. You forgot to tell me to avoid the triple leaves of poison ivy.” Blake chuckled at that.
Ten minutes later Ethan returned refreshed, sore and stiff at the same time. Blake rose from the sand and tossed the staff over. “This time you attack.”
Just as it was done to him, Ethan struck with an overhead strike. Blake deflected it with a single hand as if swatting away a fly. Ethan spun towards the opening, bringing the other end into a thrust which was again deflected. “Impressive.” Came mild praise. “I thought you lacked combat training.” Unable to retort, more strikes flew, all either missed or were turned aside. “Breathe how I told you, Ethan. In through the nose. Out the mouth.” The knowledge helped, but not long as pain and exhaustion made him fall on his knees. “Three minutes you say, Storm?” The stallion watching nodded. “I estimated two twenty. Forty more is good. Means you might have a knack that’s been laying dormant.” Those slit eyes focused on the kneeling student. “Up now, I could have taken your head six hundred and thirty four times already. For an overweight novice human that is good.”
A grow rumbled in Ethan’s chest and his anger brought on by pain filled him with strength. “Rhaaa!” the roar left his voice and without the staff he lunged at the Naga, grabbed his shoulder and with the burst of adrenaline picked up the reptile master over his head and threw him.
Blake, caught by surprise was launched and showing catlike reflexes, spun midair, landed on his feet and lunged at the enraged Ethan with the explosive speed only a Naga possesses. There was not time to see let alone duck the staff blow to the back of Ethan’s skull which dropped him heavily onto the sand and was unconscious before falling.
The Naga coldly held his staff ready in a crouched position while his long tail whipped dangerously around. In a remarkably calm voice that didn’t look away from Ethan limp form he asked “Storm, what in all of Spirit World was that? Ethan just picked me up and threw me fifteen feet at least. I weigh close to four hundred pounds. I doubted even refreshed he could have done that.”
Storm-shadow was already on his hooves. “I don’t know what just happened. Did you hear that growl? Humans cannot growl. Blake, your shoulder, it’s burned and your left pants leg is smoldering!”
Sure enough his shoulder was blackened by a human handprint and his calf muscle smoked, but wouldn’t catch aflame.
“Calm yourselves.” Came a voice which turned out to be Kiroq. The Gargoyle spread his wings and glided down off the roof above the training equipment and into the arena and put one clawed finger to Ethan’s neck. “He lives and the beat of his heart has slowed.” The dark eyed general turned back around to see the Naga and stallion standing together rigidly. “I’m here to oversee Ethan’s training. Yesterday he growled at me too and he explained it was a childhood habit he thought he shed long ago. It worried me and my sons. He may seem calm, but this human has a suppressed rage likely equal to my kind. That last attack only proved it. He seems to hate his current attributes and getting reminded over and over of his faults. I wondered why he was a Fire Elemental for they are known to be the embodiment of human rage. Ethan hides it well, but his rage is great when released. It seems I must send my kind to watch over him. He is an untrained Berserker. If he loses control, many might die. This is troubling.”
“Maybe not, General. And I do not believe he is a true Berserker. That was… something else.” Blake said thoughtfully as he approached and rolled Ethan on his back.
“What are you thinking?” The five foot tall Gargoyle said.
The Naga sat on his heels, staring at the human. “His moment of rage revealed that although he was already tired he could actually pick me over his head and throw me. If he continues to suppress that rage it will only slow his progress and get himself killed if he cannot find it when needed. I want to bring it out. My own kind also has such natural aggression, like all creatures with the will to survive. If he learns to focus that raw anger like my kind, he will grow exceptionally more dangerous. Berserkers do not show the level of focus he does.”
“You wish to make him realize his anger? You were charred just from his touch and still you want to release someone so dangerous?” Kiroq wondered.
“Yes. The wound will heal by tomorrow. I would rather he learn control here with us that look out for his well being rather than in the heat of battle he goes berserk. An uncontrolled fire-thrower would be too devastating, but may I ask for assistance from your kind? If my idea should fail, none other than the Gargoyles can get near enough to knock him out.”
“That will be my condition to this plan. I will not permit sparring without one of my strongest warriors present. Physical training should be allowed.”
“We are agreed then. I would like to get started as soon as he wakes.”
Kiroq responded by throwing his head back and opening his short muzzle to howl for off duty Gargoyles. Three answered the summons and flew straight for their group. The general explained the situation and the three agreed with the plan.
A bucket of water upended over Ethan’s face and he sat up, choking. His eyes blinked and found Blake smiling with a mouthful of short, sharp teeth. Pain returned in full and the worst was a lump on the back of his head. “What happened? Where… Blake what happened? Your shoulder is… Wait, I did that didn’t I?” The Naga nodded seriously. “I’m so sorry, I didn’t mean to…”
“No apologies. It was enlightening. While you were unconscious we came up with a plan.”
Ethan listened calmly to everyone, especially Kiroq, but after it ended he asked “So you want to make me angry?... So I’m like the Hulk. Great.”
“Precisely. Yes I’ve seen all the movies.” Blake smirked. “You must learn to use this anger instantly, not hide it behind a mental wall. Rise, we start now.”
“Not much for small talk are you? Fiiine.” He grunted and stood on wobbly legs. The four gargoyles spread around the sand ring.
Blake’s reptilian features hardened. “Come at me. You cannot even hit a fly you’re so lazy. No wonder you are so clumsy. That gut would trip anyone. No wonder you died so pitifully and you couldn’t even do that right.”
Though Ethan knew Blake was taunting for a reason it didn’t make it any easier. His chest began rumbling into a throaty growl before the rage took over and this time Blake was prepared. Blake could feel the power of each strike double over their first session. Despite the power of each blow, the expert Naga deflected everything and stayed always out of reach from large hands.
With the increase of the rage came the side effect of tiring far faster. When it disappeared he collapsed to his knees again.
Kiroq gave Blake the nod of approval that the idea had merit.
The Naga wasn’t done and taunted more and more which worked every time. Somehow Ethan found new deposits of strength which rose to renew the lesson.

There came a loud ringing sound and only Ethan collapsed. “Lunch time?”
“Correct.” Storm-shadow answered. “Ethan you need to wash up. You’re bleeding, sweaty and swollen. I will show you to the showers.
“After lunch, meet me immediately where we did this morning.” Blake ordered.
“Yes, Sir.” Ethan replied tiredly while dragging his aching body away.
Outside stalls appeared ten minutes away and were mostly occupied. Creatures occupied most and washed off quickly. Ethan found an empty one and entered, glad the wooden walls were boarded. He stood under cool water and could see blood, his own, washing down the drain with dirt. He took his clothes off and the water stung his throbbing face yet helped.
Ethan felt eyes on him and looked left to find no one, but then he yelped as a beautiful Nymph had her arms over the privacy stall while her eyes openly roamed. Thankfully the rest of her naked body was hidden. She had a private smile humorously twitching on full red lips in contrast to her alabaster skin. Her forest green hair was wet and was full of curls and made her slightly pointed ears poke out more prominently. “For an Elemental you sure don’t fail to impress.” Her provocative eyes hinted below the waist. “I like hairy chested males… Care for a good romp after lunch? It’ll feel much better than getting throttled by Blake. Mind doing it in the shower with me? It’s all the fire protection I’ll need.”
Ethan was too embarrassed to answer so he quickly pulled on his boxers, pants, shirt and shoes while wet and exited in haste. His cheeks were red, especially since she watched him go away quickly. In his hands he put the weights back on. The Nymph laughed as said “Maybe next time then?!”
“What was that about?” Storm-shadow asked.
“Don’t want to discuss it.” Thankfully the stallion let the matter drop.
They walked back to the castle, especially since Ethan was too tired and sore to climb up.

Lunch was just as amazing and filling. Even with a sore jaw he ate quickly. And just as he was told to do, Ethan arrived to find Blake under the shade of a nearby tree. “So what new tortures do you have for me this time?”
Blake grinned and shook his head. “Nothing so strenuous or physical till after breakfast tomorrow. Come. Sit before me like this.” He complied stiffly from pain. It was the same meditative arrangement saw from morning. “For the next hour and a half you will focus your mind inwards. I will help guide you to finding balance. Right now you have none. Your rage leaves you blind to clarity and focus needed to attain balance and think critically. Neither your mind or body are even remotely trained. Tomorrow will be harder, but after lunch every day we will focus like this until I feel you are ready to set out on your own.
“Now close your eyes and listen. Breathe slowly until your exhaustion and pain diminish…” Ethan listened and several times Blake had to wake him because he fell asleep rather than finding a mental center.
Then before he knew it Blake stated “That is time. It has been six hours under my teaching. Go home and rest. Sleep would be prudent. I’ll also have someone send ointments for your wounds. Until tomorrow.”
“How did I do?”
“Well enough at this point. I have other duties. Farewell. Same to you, Old Friend.” The Naga left.
Storm-shadow nodded. “Ethan, I think you should ride on my back. I will show you the best paths to Celestia’s and the castle so you don’t overly rely on me. You still need to settle in and I’ll wait for you tonight for dinner.”
Too tired to argue, Ethan managed to mount. Instead of flying, Storm-shadow walked and gestured to all the trails Ethan would need and where they led.
An hour later Ethan was dropped off and collapsed in his bed after telling Dress, in his new space, when to wake him in two hours.





Chapter 7

Dress kindly woke Ethan at the appointed two hours and grimaced. “Blake sure did a number, Handsome. Do you feel as bad as you look?”
“That good huh?” Ethan croaked and moved over from Dress’s new space and gazed into the full length mirror. Never in his whole life could he remember looking so beaten up. In only a few hours bruises began setting in to color the skin that remained swollen. His lower lip had a nasty split crusted with dry blood. His right jaw and left temple had most of the goose egg quality and his left ear also bled slightly, but had since dried. He forced himself to remove his shirt and it revealed welts, early bruises and a few more minor cuts.
“Ethan,” Dress said and watched the Elemental spin around to look at him. “While you slept Blake had me deliver special ointment to you. Best you take another shower before applying it to every wound and swelling. Right now it’s in the topmost drawer.”
“A hot shower would be welcome.” Ethan said and walked over to Dress and retrieved a small ceramic container with a lid. He also grabbed fresh clothes with hair and body liquid soap and made a beeline for the bathroom.
The shower was too short and barely eased discomfort. In the jar was a cool blue paste and Ethan dipped two fingers into it to apply a thin coat over his jaw. He fought the tender pain, but after twenty seconds the throbbing subsided and the mirror’s reflection showed the ointment’s color disappeared, leaving a barely visible, glossy coat behind. It had a cooling effect and his busted lip eased up just as quickly. In ten minutes every sore ache had numbed, but fatigued muscles were untouched.
Soon Ethan returned to his room and began unpacking. After just two boxes he took off the wrist weights knowing he had broken his teacher’s order. Couldn’t be helped. Dress was all too eager to take every article of cloth and proved to be valuable company. For a gay closet, he was kind and a good listener, sometimes cracking a joke. Dress was the kind of person everyone could easily befriend. The being had many interests and was full of knowledge, but never once would he speak of another that wasn’t commonly known. Comics went straight to the shelves of stone and Dress explained the runes imbedded in the rock wall are protection that safely guard from outside powers and as he is the new owner of the room, only Ethan could retrieve the items. Ethan was glad his prized collections were safe, even from his own fire. He tried burning a worthless scrap of paper for a test and the runes didn’t allow even a spark to touch it.
“Alright, it’s five, Ethan. Better get going.” Dress said.
“Thanks again. You’re a good distraction. I nearly finished unpacking, but now that I’ve got a new TV and tablet, what do I do with my old ones? Do I just throw them away?”
Dress’s knobs of blue eyes rolled. “Of course not! We never throw anything away. Everything is repurposed or recycled. Throw the electronics into me and I’ll give them to Tattoo or one of our electronic specialists. I’ll tell them you donated it, if you want? Is there anything you want to keep private on your computer?”
“No, I mostly played online games or watched shows I missed… and thanks, I’ll take the offer.” Ethan brought the boxes containing the computer, monitor, keyboard, mouse and TV over to the golden face. Dress opened his doors to show a black void and accepted the heavy boxes set to be taken away.
Ethan reapplied the wrist weights, grabbed the book from earlier and left. As he was heading for the stairs he heard a TV running in Celestia’s room and knew she was awake. He knew he didn’t have time to chat so he left.

Twelve minutes before the castle resonated the sound for dinner, Ethan entered the main hall through the Ogre area since it was the shortest path from Celestia’s. Waiting as promised was Storm-shadow. They greeted shortly and took a seat. Ethan could see others looking at him and it was easy to see how badly he was beaten. Thankfully the ointment remained effective.
“Why are the two of you sitting by yourselves, Lads?” Came a Scottish feminine voice.
The two turned and Ethan said “Kira, right?”
“Forgot me so soon? I’m hurt.” The sultry Witch slid in next to him. “And here I thought I made an impression after getting all dolled up.” Kira twirled a section of her long brown hair around her fingers absently. When she looked closer her eyebrows shot up. “Well aren’t you a pleasant sight.” She leaned in closer and lightly touched his swollen cheek, her ample bosom’s cleavage filled his vision before he had a chance to avert his eyes. This time though her new blue dress wasn’t so risqué. It covered more of her fair skin, but still left little to the imagination by how thin it was. “Naga work I’d guess?”
“He looks the same to me. Dumber than a bent nail.” Ken commented.
“How can you tell?” Ethan glared at the brown leather book. “You have no eyes?”
“Bah!” Ken said and Ethan imagined the trapped soul inside was giving him the finger. “I don’t need eyes to see, asshole! I can see everything within twenty feet. So how do you feel with that knot on the back of your head?” Ken asked a little too kindly. The book poured it on thicker than frozen molasses.
Kira went to check, but Ethan’s large hand caught hers and pulled it back, he was already uncomfortable physically and didn’t need to be smothered. “Thanks for worrying, Kira. My grandfather used to say if the first day is bad, wait till tomorrow. I expected Blake to be a hard teacher.”
Kira pulled her hand back, but not before her soft fingers caressed his. “Be thankful you weren’t taught by one of the Amazons. You’d be in traction for days. Why are you wearing weights?” He explained. “Well don’t overdo it. If you want, I can make all your hurts go away?”
“Between your thighs I’d wager.” Ken remarked in a offensive manner.
Storm-shadow intervened. “Kira, Ethan is wearing tournikka ointment. And I do not permit any Caster to use magic on him. He is unfamiliar with the costs. High Witch Morgane should have spoken to all Casters.”
“What am I missing this time?” Ethan asked.
Suddenly Kira looked away under Storm-shadow’s glare. “I’m sorry. My leader did speak to us before the first meal. I forgot, Prince Storm-shadow… Ethan, I could have made a spell which would heal you in half the time, but it would render you asleep for three days.”
“Oh… well, thanks for the offer, but I don’t think Celestia would be impressed if I took the easy way out or that Blake would only increase his methods if I skipped three days for just a little pain. Right now the ointment is a blessing and effective.”
“It should be.” Kira smiled with dazzling teeth. “One Tournikka leaf goes for three thousand points and to make ointment would require no less than twenty.”
Ethan sat stunned. “Really?” She nodded while glossing her lips with her tongue. “Storm-shadow, why did he give me something so expensive? I can’t pay him back and Tattoo said I couldn’t exchange my cash for points.”
The stallion shook his mane. “Do not think on it. Blake and I are both over a thousand years and we have more points than we could ever spend in a human’s lifetime. So many demons have fallen beneath us we’ve lost count. Besides, Tournikka is the most effective natural healing concoction to exist. The blue leaves reduce swelling, clot blood, extract poisons and infection and the cool warmth promotes better localized circulation to heal all but the most grievous wounds. Blake gave it as a part of your training so you do not wear out and live in so much pain you cannot move.”
“Do you know where he is so I can thank him?”
“Busy.” Is all Storm-shadow said. “Wait till tomorrow or have Dress send the message or send a message from your new computer.”
“So do you mind if we join you tonight?” Kira asked.
“You may so long as you keep Ken quiet. I do not wish to listen to his ignorant comments.” The stallion stated.
“Fine by me. At least you don’t need to listen to him all day long.”
“Oh no, Lass. My words are wisdom itself without caring about a person’s feelings you big breasted whor…” Ken’s words were cut off as Kira snapped her fingers and a green bubble surrounded the book.
“Quiet at last.” Kira said with a sigh that nearly made her enormous breasts come flying out of the dress.
“Why do you even put up with that? If Ken’s just a spell book and Witches use spells to revert to a younger age to have a sense of immortality, wouldn’t you have time to copy or even memorize the spells so you don’t need to listen to him?” Ethan asked while waiting for Cook to show up.
“Family curse you could say.” She replied in a light Scottish accent. “I’m one of the youngest Witches even though my power surpasses even High Witch Morgane Le Fay, but I still have a lot to learn. Until my little sister comes of age and harnesses her energy, I’m stuck with Ken. He might be a right git, but only the women of my family can read the words within or if asked for a spell he can find an appropriate one. Ken is also spelled that anything in his pages cannot be duplicated and many of his pages have powerful and dangerous spells so only he protects them.” She sighed again. “Believe me, I’ve tried to copy his contents. Nobody likes him, but he has his uses. .. however few. Worse though, he’s mine till my sister come in need. He has magic that always keeps him in twenty feet of me too.”
“Well that royally sucks.”
“You have no idea.” Kira grabbed Ken’s strap and dropped him beneath the bench with a light smile. “So you figured a way to learn from Celestia?” she poked Ethan in the ribs and drew a gasp from him. “Sorry, I didn’t know you were hurt.”
“Yep. All over to be precise.” He returned.
“So… has anyone caught your eye? A good looking man like you shouldn’t find a willing woman hard to find around here.” Kira turned and put an elbow on the table and struck a sexy pose that was clear of inviting meaning.
“I’m flattered, really Kira, but I know I’m barely average in looks. Besides, right now I need to focus because enough distractions fill me. Blake and Celestia take up most of my time.”
Kira’s green eyes didn’t look convinced. “You really have no idea how good a man looks to a woman who works so hard and doesn’t complain. Humans especially make the best lovers in my opinion. I always had a thing for lumberjack looking men. I love wide shoulders too. Just grow a short beard. Your strong jaw line would do well with one. And don’t sell yourself short, you do have a humble charm that will have females flocking to you, especially since even Celestia took you in. And before you know it you’ll be so fit you can please several women at the…”
“Please stop, Kira. I’m uncomfortable with this conversation.” His bruised cheeks reddened.
Then Kira sat up straight and her eyes widened with realization. “You’re a virgin?” It wasn’t a question.
“Thirty years old. Is there a problem?” He asked coolly and Kira knew she struck a nerve as the air grew suddenly warmer.
“Not at all.” She recovered quickly before licking her lips again. “So are you celibate, taken a vow like monks? Or is it you’re waiting on your one true love?” Her eyes narrowed. “Don’t tell me you are some religious nutter?”
Ethan shook his head. “No, I never believed in religion and as for my virginity I want to be with some who I felt was right. And the one I hoped to have a shot with is impossible to reach. I doubt I’ll ever feel the same way than when I was near her.”
“I always liked a bit of a challenge. So who was this girl that earned the affections of a Fire Elemental?”
“It hurts thinking about her. I cannot speak of it right now. I’m sorry for disappointing a lady so much.” Before she could further that line of conversation he changed it. “So Kira, how old are you really? I know it’s rude but I’m curious.”
She smiled tightly, realizing what he had done. “I’m twenty three though my ma’s ninety four. And you are?”
“Turned thirty, three months ago. So what kinds of things do Witches do?”
“Mainly we research where to fight Chaos or act as support for our warriors. If demon numbers are too high for our fighters, we occupy the denizens with our spells or if we have time to focus and create we can bring down the enemy. I must say though that last night’s show with you melting that stone was impressive. I heard many of the Nymphs wanting to bear seedlings for you.”
Ethan laughed. “One already proposed just that at noon.”
Kira laughed too.
Cook suddenly showed up and created them a large meal. Ethan praised the Wisp and she glowed. He also was impressed by just how much Kira ate. He’d never seen a girl put food away and not be uncomfortable. She noticed his gawking to admit “Not only is everyone fit to fight at any moment, Casters require the energy to do our spells.”
Five minutes later Ethan got up. “Thank you both, but I’ve got to head out.”
Whatever spell on Ken seemed to have worn off. “Don’t forget me, Fatass!”
Ethan growled in a low rumble that a human couldn’t hear, looked on the ground and shot a spark of fire at the tome which made Ken yelp. Kira dropped her fork and stared at the book. “How did you do that?! He’s protected from fire and other offensive effects.”
The Elemental shrugged. “Maybe the spells have worn off. I didn’t hurt him or singe it. But hey, if you want I’ll destroy it if he doesn’t behave.” Ken yelped and Kira stared openly. “You hear me Ken? All Kira has to do is give me the word and your prison will be destroyed. If you are more trouble than your worth you’re already dead right? What do you have to lose?”
Kira squealed when the tome was silent and ran up to hug Ethan. “Thank you! No one ever had the power to do what you did. His soul is tied to the leather that was once his skin. If you burned just that he would be destroyed and sent to Spirit World, destined for Torment.”
“Don’t even think about it, Utters! I don’t know how he did that, but he shouldn’t have.”
“What did you call me? Do you want to be released? You know you got it good old fool. I’ve been touched by Torment’s chains. It’s more painful than can be described…” The book was silent so he went on. “And you’ve never been on the receiving end of a Fire Elemental’s power before. The protective spells on you might not resist my ability. For once you aren’t indestructible.”
“I will have vengeance on you, Ethan. Somehow, someway you will feel my wrath.” Ken vowed.
“He can’t do spells can he?”
“No.” Kira stomped a heel into the binding of her book again. “The only thing that has a bite is his words. His soul is confined and feeds the spells protecting him. Finally, for the first time in my family’s history someone can shut him up.”
“Glad to do it. I despise bigots. I’m off.” Kira waved goodbye while Storm-shadow snickered at the seething book who finally met a match. None in the house would stand in Ethan’s way if he destroyed him. Some might even cheer him on for everyone wanted Ken gone and sent on his merry way.

Night fell quickly, but Ethan now had a neat new trick. He literally ignited a hand and could see whenever he wanted. No more relying on flashlights or worrying about stumbling in the dark should a light blow out or batteries die. Luckily the paths were direct and simple. Along the way to the forge and home he walked with a group of four Centaur warriors who all carried a pair of claymores along their horse half sides and a pair of curved sabers over their hairy, human half backs. The company was welcome and they appreciated his ability to use fire so they didn’t trip on a rock or sprain a hoof. Ethan doubted the Centaurs were half as clumsy as himself, but besides being uptight giants, none being shorter than nine feet from head to hoof, they were quite sociable. Two even hinted that if he ever got good in physical combat they would be willing to teach him their ways.
Eventually though he found his new home and the downstairs was lit with flickering orange light. He walked straight to the door and opened it. “I’m back.”
“So I see…” Celestia glowered and stopped when she looked closer. As he shut the thick metal door she approached and lifted his chin. “Who did this!” she demanded.
“Combat training.” He said under her penetrating gaze. “Today was my first real fight and I got my ass handed to me on a silver platter. Don’t be mad, Celestia. It’s my fault for not knowing how to even defend myself. I actually learned a lot.” Those green, predatory eyes didn’t seem impressed but she pulled her fingers and wing back. “It seems it’s my problem.”
“Unless it affects your focus and my creations. You are my apprentice first and foremost, do not forget that. I cannot trust anyone to touch my creations till they are ready and if you are compromised for being injured it will only slow me down. What do you have to say for yourself?”
“Besides that it is unfair to criticize me for holding it together this long, nothing. I’m not a damn child, Celestia, don’t treat me like one. I promise that I’ll do whatever you ask of me without complaint and if my work is affected then I’ll just have to slow down and get it right. I’ve been practicing so I can get better. Bear with me and I’ll try not to disappoint you. That is all I can say. No one is perfect, I won’t claim to be. Nor should you.”
Celestia leaned back to look over him. “You pass.”
“I what?” Ethan sat the book down on a stone table.
“Pass. You didn’t pass blame for your condition. Instead you accepted it. Only a person who would do that can truly learn. As for being perfect, only a fool could claim themselves so. The only things that are close to perfection are my creations. Return to practicing on controlling your flames. Call me when you feel you are ready.” Celestia spun and her flaming talons clicked.
Confused at the exchange, Ethan did as he was told, but first grabbed the book and ran it up to his room and hurried downstairs, but this time he had Dress make a pair of cotton earplugs that didn’t take but a second and fit well.

An hour later Ethan spoke up. “Celestia!” her head spun completely around after the last hammer fall. “I think I got it.”
She laid a hot, nearly complete cutlass down with the hammer and approached. “Very well, turn the gauge line in my direction so you cannot see it.” He spun the device around. “Eleven hundred.” She started. He ignited his hand and focused before setting it on the top. The three levels spun until it stopped. “Three thousand.” Ethan cranked the heat up. “Five more degrees.” Only the bottommost moved. “Drop six hundred.” The intensity of his fiery hand lessened. “Four thousand…. One thousand… Drop by three… Up two hundred…” Celestia continued the test for ten more minutes before saying “Well done. Your control is impressive. Now read…” she walked over to a shelf where some metal sat and withdrew a flat piece of etched metal. “this and memorize it.”
He looked at it before saying “I cannot read this? It’s not runes… what language is this?”
Celestia stopped and peered at him. “It is the language of the Phoenix. It has magic. Only great fire can unlock its secrets. Your bracelets cannot translate them for my kind share our written language to a rare few. Burn the back up to five thousand degrees and sustain it and then you will be able to read it.”
He struggled with the blast of fire for it was difficult to sustain such an intensity, but soon the odd writing began melting. He was worried he was ruining it till the writing reformed into English letters and numbers. He read silently to himself, Lead - 327, Zink - 787, Aluminum - 1218. He looked up and asked “Aren’t these melting points for the metals you carry?” She nodded and cocked her head. Ethan grinned and sat the tablet down, killed his burning hand and stated “I was a whiz at this when I took chemistry in collage. Test me.”
And that she did. Over the next minute he answered immediately. “Good, so my apprentice has the proper knowledge of something, but do you know what the metals do?”
This confused him greatly. “What they do? I do not understand.”
“What do you know of demons? Ever seen any?” She lowered herself as if to nest, but kept her head tall when she realized just how much knowledge he lacked.
“I swatted a bird-size bug and met a Goblin up close, but managed to have it think I saw it as a dog. That’s the most I’ve came close to seeing.” He admitted.
Celestia shook her head and clicked her beak. “There is a reason why I specialize in crafting weapons. All of my metals are mixed together in a very specific and purified ratio to broadly combat most demons. Shifters are vulnerable to silver, dragons are allergic to copper, Kelpies fear gold, Elves burn on iron, Sirens only feel pain from aluminum and I can keep going, but you get my meaning.” She lifted a wing to point with one finger. “Every blade and piece of armor all damage every demon ever to be faced. It won’t directly kill the demon, but it will slow them down and bloody hurt…”
“Then how…”
“I’m not finished.” She interrupted back. “What do you know of energy regarding Order and Chaos?”
“I’ve heard Spirit Energy thrown around a few times.”
“Your lack of knowledge is astonishing.” The huge fiery bird said directly, almost like an insult. “Not your fault really, the veil placed upon humans was quite powerful and has actually saved billions of lives. When you get to be my age you forget these things… and no, don’t even ask unless you want your eyes pecked out.” Ethan could hold back a smile which also made her hum. “Listen, Boy, there are two kinds of energy which cannot be bridged. All beings have one or the other. We of Order have Spirit Energy while the denizens of Chaos have Demon Energy. Humans have immense Spirit Energy. The two energies do not mix, especially when one of our warriors carry one of my weapons.
“My creations act as a medium which focuses Spirit Energy so that the demon being faced will stay down and won’t regenerate. Nagai and Amazons rely heavily on blades to slay their enemy. Hand to hand kills more efficiently for them because they cannot mold their energy into an exterior weapon like a Witch or we fire throwers can. With one of my weapons in the hand of an expert they will be near invincible against every demon faced. They must kill the demon while holding the blade and when Demon Energy is touched by Spirit, if the mortal wound is grievous enough, the demon will die. The reason my swords and armor are so sought after and coveted is because my methods not only create a weapon that will last centuries, even without an Enchanter to add protective runes to immortalize it for the recipient, it delivers an internal spiritual attack second to nothing else. Billions of demons have fallen from my weapons. Not one other smith can boast half that effectiveness. Many centuries of trial and error on my part have honed the final products that leave my sight. Now they are harder than any manmade steel.
“Just a simple knife I make is worth a billion points, but still I have a century’s waiting list for weapons that go for trillions. I never shirk quality for other lives depend on my name. Some of our warriors wait to hunt the more dangerous demons till they get their own weapon.”
“But what of Nymphs and Centaurs who use archery? I saw a Goblin fall from an arrow once.” He admitted.
“Again, Spirit Energy. Archers imbue their energy into the projectile to strike down their quarry. I do not craft arrows for if any went missing, the priceless projectile would be lost. Tipped sticks hold a fair amount to kill a demon well enough.”
“What about guns? Surely a bullet would be more effective than a sword or bow.”
Celestia again shook her head. “Bullets are useless. I’ve tried before, but not only does Spirit Energy not last long in any lifeless object, demons are all impervious to most manmade technology, all except bugs. You can shoot a hungry Goblin all day and not one will get through that horrid fur coat… That is the reason why swords, shields and arrows are still around. Even humans can feel deep down even a rusty sword is not only more beautiful than a gun, it is more effective and never needs to worry about ammunition. For others to dispatch a demon requires skill, cunning and close range to use their energy. You and I can just blink and demons will become ash because to produce fire requires tremendous Spirit Energy.
“But, just as our energy truly kills them, Demon Energy is just as deadly to us. Not only are we severely outnumbered, demons are everywhere and they are all deadly. They rarely hesitate and numbers can swarm like locusts.”
“Quality verses quantity?” She nodded. “Okay, at least I’ve finally figured why most of the metal’s I’ve found odd have a dull gold color. Others metals are mixed inside.” Celestia dipped her beak again. “How about we work now that I know just how important you are to our fighters. Knowing lives are desperately in need of your creations I’ll shut up and work.”
“Glad you finally understand the importance. Grab the Gladius you worked on yesterday and fold it thirty times more to make a hundred folds. But after the folding, wait for me to talk you through its exact final requirements. All creations are customized for only one individual.” She stood and returned to the Cutlass.
Ethan hefted the short sword and began heating it white hot again while selecting a nearly identical hammer to Celestia’s off the wall. Thankfully the anvil was more than wide enough to work together and not be in each person’s way.
They hammered together for hours and Ethan learned he needed to buy safety glasses because twice a spark of hot metal hit his cheek and it would only be a matter of time before a shard jumped into his eye. It was doubly more difficult hammering with an extra five pounds resisting on each wrist, but each downward strike was harder. When one arm grew painful, he alternated.
When he finished and quenched the dull weapon again for the last time Celestia taught Ethan the exact measurements with a thread of notched wire. She told him how to stop just short after stretching as hammering would lengthen it to the exact centimeter she had memorized. Her words guided his numb and bleeding hands with each strike, teaching him where to look and heat at precise moments, at certain heats.
Over the next four hours the sword began taking shape. Different tools were used to accurately define and smooth out all tool marks. He learned how to properly sharpen the sword most effectively with a special hand stone.
“Well done, Boy. Heat it one last time to fifteen hundred and put my maker’s mark on the end and hook it on the rack to slowly cool. It doesn’t need to be quenched this time.”
Ethan took a metal, stake-like tool and looked at what he assumed was a blunt tip, but it really held a Phoenix in flight. He placed it where the hilt would later be and with one blow, the mark was set. It soon hung to slowly cool. “What next?”
The Phoenix said “Sweep the floor as you did for me last night and put it all in that bin. After it is full I collect all metal fragments and reuse them. Go refill the logs in the forge from outside and one bucket of coal. When you are done you may turn in for the rest of the night.”
He spent the next hour transferring armfuls of heavy wood to a fireproof bin that sat near the closed door forge and refilled the coal. Celestia was busy working on another sword and Ethan swept up around her and put it in the trash bin.
Afterwards he trudged upstairs, took a needed shower, applied more ointment to his raw palms, used the new tablet computer to locate the shopping icon and sent a request for safety-glasses, better earplugs and went directly to bed.

Morning arrived all too early as Ethan felt the full effects of yesterday’s adventure. Stiff joints, tired and screaming muscles and aching wounds along with deep bruises. Dress watched and heard him groan with the pain racking his whole body, but he didn’t complain. He dressed, reapplied the weights and found his order came via Dress to deliver a spare set of safety-glasses at no expense. Thankfully Storm-shadow was waiting outside and was kind enough to give him a lift. Even in the dawn light the stallion could see two black eyes among the facial bruises on his partner.
Breakfast went by in a fleeting breeze and afterwards he finished the book given by Tattoo before Blake exited his morning meditation and forced him to run barefoot around the castle again, earning more cuts and compared to yesterday, his time had extended no matter how hard he pushed. Blake though seemed at ease and the burn print on his shoulder had surprising new scales that had shed the old. Ethan’s body wouldn’t respond as it did before, but Blake didn’t say a word and those reptilian eyes gave very little away of what he was thinking.
Afterwards was another grueling sparring session with the hard wooden staffs. Four new Gargoyles also stayed near as the Naga kept pushing Ethan’s rage to the surface and for once he didn’t resist letting it loose. The rage and repressed anger was a bittersweet release. The explosive rush numbed the pain and fortified him in a way he never knew. Blademaster Blake was in his element and enjoyed knocking down the unrefined human so he could learn not only more of himself, but also grow into a more confident individual. Pain and anguish was chipped away more and more with each taunt and strike. Blake knew the inner workings of the mind as well as the body. Each moment there came something new and he was in complete control. Ethan fought as hard as he could and some part of him restrained his anger enough to not rely on his flammable power. The Gargoyles tasked with keeping him under control was all the incentive needed for their resistance to fire made him not lose control or they would inflict more pain to knock him down than Blake ever could.
After lunch he spent another hour and a half learning how to control himself through meditation and what made him who he is. Blake might be a Naga, but Ethan felt a friendship the likes he never had before with any other in him. Storm-shadow also would be there, he knew. Ethan, under Blake’s and Storm-shadow’s request, spoke of his life, interests, childhood and other mundane things. He learned that every fragment of his life wasn’t cohesive because his anger wasn’t released in a healthy way growing up. Now, as an adult with the singular most deadly ability, it needed to be corrected as soon as possible. The one true benefit Blake said he had was that the dam of anger he had built over the years was held in place by a calmness rarely seen in all but the most well trained meditations.
Ethan was released till dinner in which time he went back to his apartment and finished unpacking, took a shower, applied more ointment and napped for two hours.
Kira, Ken and Floa joined him and Storm-shadow for dinner. Ethan near choked at Floa when he finally met her in her larger form at five and a half feet and looked maybe eighteen years at the most. The green Pixie was truly beautiful like an Orion Slave-girl from Star Trek, but with huge monarch butterfly wings. Despite her new size, she was just as excited and cheerful, boasting how good it was to be alive again and how great sex was in a mortal form, hinting Odin was all too eager to help in that department. Kira was all too eager to laugh and joke, comparing notes, which pleased Floa. “For a human he sure has some stamina, doesn’t he?” The Pixie wasn’t at all abashed.
Kira shook her head with a grin. “I had the pleasure only once, but his reputation in that department is well earned.”
“The man’s a slut!” Ken said, exasperated.
Floa grinned down at the book. “No, you were just a prude who no one wanted to touch, even when you were alive. Sex is fun!”
“Especially when you’re not alone.” Kira added.
“Child, I like you!” Floa laughed and patted the Witch on her back.
“Ethan, between us, who would you rather help warm the bed with?” Kira said as she threw an arm around Floa’s evergreen shoulders. “Or for your first time would you rather have us both? I haven’t had a three way with a Pixie before, but I wouldn’t mind.”
The Elemental’s bruised features reddened.
“Child, he has eyes for only one.” Floa said, her smile dropping. “I’m flattered and if it were anyone other than Ethan you’d propose bedding, I’d be there, but…”
Kira pulled her arm back and looked between the Pixie and man. “Oh really? So who is this woman I still don’t know of? Maybe she might be open-minded? Tell me Floa, who is she? Ethan still hasn’t told me.”
Floa tilted her head and used a hand to pull forth her long black ringlets over her ample bosom covered with a blue silk wrap that matched her bikini bottoms. “Kanade is my dearest girlfriend back on Spirit World. Ethan, why do you not speak of her?”
“Because it hurts.” He dropped his fork. “I’ve lost my appetite. Bye.”
“Oh, no you don’t!” Floa challenged as he started walking away and clapped her hands. He teleported back to his seated position. Floa’s violet eyes locked on his. “You’re not leaving my sight without an explanation.”
“If he wishes to not speak of it, it is his business.” Storm-shadow challenged. “You will let him leave, Pixie, I he wills. We are old friends, Floa, what claim do you have to force my companion to do anything?”
The Pixie kept her steely eyes on Ethan who finally broke the silence for he could see she didn’t care what happens as long as she got answers. “Fine, you want to know why? Because she told me I was nothing more than a responsibility, Floa. Yes, Kanade is amazing and breathtaking, but it can’t happen. I’m just a pitiful human wishing for something that cannot be. There is no use fanaticizing over someone who you cannot have. Do you get it yet, Kanade doesn’t want a human. I thought I’d never find someone like her in my life, but then each time I think of her I’m reminded of how she really feels. A Spirit Guide? What was I thinking. Is that what you wanted to hear or do you want to kick a man while he’s already down? May I leave now or are you going to bring me back?”
Floa was speechless. Her lips were parted and the rest listening were dead silent. Finally she said “I think you’ve got the wrong impression. Kanade…”
“I’m done. Don’t teleport me again Floa unless you want to have singed wings.” Ethan angrily grabbed his dishes and left.
“Let him be!” Storm-shadow ordered when Kira went to stand and go after him. “He has had a difficult day and wants to be alone. You might not have heard it, but Ethan was serious about using his flames. Let him cool off and do not speak of this matter again. Am I clear?”
“But Storm, he is assuming wrong.” Floa protested. “Kanade doesn’t think that way she…”
“I do not care.” Storm-shadow interrupted. “Tomorrow you will apologize or I must request you sit elsewhere. As an old friend I understand why you did that, but his wounds go deeper than his body. Remember this, Floa, you illegally Translocated my companion without permission. Do it again and I’ll be forced to report you.”
“Yes, Prince Storm-shadow.” Floa looked down in embarrassment before saying “I need to resolve the situation…”
“Floa.”
“Relax, I’m going to speak with Kanade. She needs to know how bad he is doing without her and what he just said needs correcting. And you cannot stop me!” The Pixie clapped her hands and vanished from sight.
“Uh, I think I’ll also retire, Prince.” Kira said quietly and picked up the cackling ancestor trapped in a book.

Ethan threw himself into his new life and immersed into the changes that came with it. The next morning Floa respectfully apologized for her actions and was forgiven and he too apologized for the threat and snapping at her. Kira was a bit more respectful now that she learned why he is so hesitant and kept her innuendoes to one per meal. From time to time other races shared a meal, wanting to learn about the Elemental, some even gave pointers for training.
Then four days later Ethan felt from time to time as if someone followed him at a distance, but didn’t reveal themselves. It was disconcerting. Storm-shadow and Blake listened to him speak of it in private, but they attributed it to hyperawareness due to pain. He didn’t believe it, but he kept quiet from then on.
Before Ethan knew it, over three weeks had passed.
Daily training progressed and intensified more and more each day. Now Ethan’s morning run comprised of two circuits around the castle barefoot. Blisters grew and popped, but the first signs of calluses were starting to reveal themselves, especially on his hands. But it wasn’t till a full month had passed since his second life that the tougher skin was strong enough to stop bleeding on the tiniest rocks. Tired and aching muscles began adapting to the new routine and grew stronger. The best healthy food combined with rigorous exercise quickly transformed Ethan. Time spent learning from Celestia and using his hands to create weapons and armor had turned his arms into sinuous knots. Running speed steadily increased and Ethan could start to see his calves start to bulge rather than be smooth curves and quadriceps over his thighs had near doubled in size.
Best of all his spare tire had found a flat. Ethan didn’t have a six-pack by any means, but he was solid. His overweight appearance melted off into healthy lean muscle. Even the slight fat beneath his chin had vanished completely.
Blake’s lessons were brutal, but after a month of experience Ethan learned how to use a staff properly as well as how to release his anger in a healthy way without taunts. The Naga periodically would try to set him off, but the explosive rage found a way to be released when matched with his calm nature and became Ethan’s new trademark was a cold rage. Meditation played a huge part in finding that tenuous balance. After graduating from the staff, he learned how to use a wooden sword. The sword hurt much more and was much more difficult. Blake commented by just how quickly Ethan adapted even though he always ended up beat and bloody. Ethan didn’t know if it was true or not, but he did notice the exchanges getting faster now that he could take the pain better than before. Ethan also learned Blake’s tail was a powerful weapon too as not only could it be whipped to score a nasty slap, but was also sneaky and could wrap around an ankle to grasp and make him trip. Experience grew like the bruises and welts. And several days ago Kiroq congratulated Blake’s idea and knew Ethan wasn’t a ticking time bomb any longer and no longer required to staff more of his troops to watch over the Elemental.
And as promised came the much anticipated seventh day, three times so far, in which Ethan was free from Blake’s wrath and harsh training regimen. Unfortunately those days weren’t as relaxing as he had wished and could lay in bed all day. Storm-shadow took up most of that time leading him around the grounds, getting to know more of each other and he got to meet other Pegesai. Ethan learned Storm-shadow was the firstborn son, of twins mind you, of Pegasus and his wife Pirrina, a truly pure white mare. Storm-shadow has over two hundred siblings and four older sisters. But in his sire’s stead, Storm-shadow leads and governs the herds. Mares run the herds in all but combat situations. And during those three free days Ethan learned how to properly ride during combat on his partner’s back. Storm-shadow’s ruby has two different saddles, the one Ethan is used to and a battle saddle which has extra straps that can be tied on his legs and hips which will keep him in the saddle, even should his mount flip upside down. It was dangerously disconcerting, but the leather held him secure. It was an amazing experience nonetheless.
Confidence began to fill Ethan as he became more accustomed, but he retained a polite and humble manner, even on really bad days.
Time spent with Celestia though was by far the most fruitful. She was a strict and precise teacher, but Ethan learned he had a knack for working metal which even surprised the Forgemaster. He could handle the tools longer and hit harder and with more precision than ever before. Working metal complimented his ability over fire and each use of it became effortless. He took many mental note for she would not allow him to write anything down. Celestia didn’t want her knowledge being written should someone with foul intentions learn her art and use it against Order. Even she couldn’t deny that his help did progress production.
He learned how to mix molten metals with his bare hands after precisely weighing only a metal with the highest purity before pouring it in a cauldron protected from all but the greatest of all temperatures. Celestia had dozens of different metals all for her craft. If Ethan were a greedy man he would have been tempted because the Phoenix had close to a half of a ton alone in pure gold ingots. Just one armful would set him up for life, but their need against Kelpies was of more worth, especially to the Pegesai and Centaur herds who were natural enemies. Storm-shadow’s hooves in particular has a higher percentage of gold for he was a Kelpie hunter before being bound. But every shard of metal had a purpose and use against Chaos.
In one month together they produced four swords including the Gladius Ethan finished, once lance, two maces, a targe shield and a full set of plate armor for an Ogre appropriate owner. Those were easy to tell for the helmets had holes in the forehead where an Ogre’s horn could fit and no human or Naga had shoulders or a chest plate so wide. If it were her alone, maybe half would be created.
Ethan was told by Celestia one day that an Enchantress now lived in the castle about three weeks ago and each finished item was his duty to safely deliver to her in the castle. The Enchantress, he learned, wasn’t a Witch at all, but a Spirit Guide that had a physical body. It seemed only Spirit Guides on the physical world could establish the more powerful runes on objects that no Witch or Wizard could ever implant. Ethan did as told, but each time he brought over a priceless object he could hear someone always go quiet behind a thick door that was never unlocked. He was curious as to who this new and valuable person was and meet them, but a sign saying ‘Leave it in the box.’ made him follow orders and carefully place the objects into a large wooden box. He had knocked and asked to meet the Enchantress, but no answer was returned. By the time he heard a hum, the box disappeared by some magic and seconds later it reappeared in its original place empty.
But each time as he left the hall the Enchantress’s door secretly cracked open and a golden eye watched him leave before closing as silently as it opened.

“Well done!” Blake congratulated at the end of another day’s sparring session. “This makes three days your face has come out uninjured. You’re almost pretty again. That bruise on your neck will be gone tomorrow with the ointment. Do you require a third jar?”
Ethan gasped as he thrust the end of the shaft in the dirt and breathed slow and deep as he had been taught. “No, still have a half jar left.” He still felt as if he were still being watched, but had give up caring since no one seemed to believe him. “So when can I finally take off the weights…?”
“I was just about to say they are no longer required.” Blake smiled while flexing his three large fingers and rolling a thumb. “You survived three whole days against what would be a skilled human. The weights were meant to slow you down, but this past month you’ve grown faster, fast enough the weights aren’t hindering you.”
“Finally!” Ethan hollered and began loudly pulling on the Velcro with a ‘Skrrt, skrrt’ sound and dropping them. “Much better!” He rolled his shoulder to say “I feel so light now. Blake, can we have one more exchange so I can see how much of a difference they made?”
The Naga considered it for a few seconds. “Sure, twenty strikes between us on alternating exchanges.”
The Elemental lifted the wooden sword in a stance he had learned though watching and copying. The Naga also took a battle ready pose before lunging. The sword in Ethan’s hand flipped up as if it were a feather and deflected. He stepped forth from the deflection and swiped the round edge for Blake’s throat, but was in turn dodged. He recovered before leaving his side vulnerable to a counterattack. Blake tried using his tail, but without weighted ankles the grasp was negated by a sudden lift without compromising balance.
Blow after blow for forty independent moves lasted eleven seconds. Ethan knew Blake held way back, but for once he didn’t get hit or gain a new injury. Blake, unsurprisingly, still hadn’t been touched in combat except that one time when his student lost control and laid his hands on him.
“Oh sweet!” Ethan crowed. “Actual results!”
Those watching laughed. “Quite so, Ethan, quite so.” Blake sat a proud hand on the human’s shoulder. “Go return the weights for others to use now before showering…” Blake suddenly looked up when Storm-shadow jumped to his hooves. The distress in his old friend put him on alert. “Storm, what is it?”
He didn’t need to ask as a Nymph in the distance shouted in distress “MY SEEDLING! SOMEONE HELP! AN ELF STOLE MY DAUGHTER!!!”
Silence blanketed the whole area before a horn was raised and blown. The distressed Nymph pointed to a small form in the distance fleeing. Two Pegesai were already in hot pursuit with four Gargoyles closing in. Even from so far away Ethan saw the speed of the Elf. It was faster than expected considering its size. The whole area around the lake roared in anger and took chase, but Ethan saw that the winged steeds and hearty Gargoyles didn’t attack straight away even though they had the advantage of flight.
Instantly Ethan realized the actual problem and dropped everything to run for his friend. “Storm-shadow, fly me over quick! The Elf needs to be stopped before it reaches the wall and teleports.”
Without asking any questions the stallion created the saddle which was quickly mounted and took off as fast as possible. The alarm stirred the grounds to action and many were charging. Down below the Nagai flew across the ground like lightning. Arms and legs used in unison. Behind them were the Centaurs. Ground forces wouldn’t make it in time.
Up ahead of the Elf suddenly appeared Odin on the back of Pegasus himself with Gungnir aimed and glowing with a brilliant blue aura. The lance held position, but the Elf veered over some, running as fast as any Naga. The Elf stood just over three feet tall with a sickly yellow skin beneath a dirty fur coat in desperate need of repair. Pegasus’ massive body charged to block off the creature holding a baby Nymph to his chest before reaching the five story wall. The little girl bawled, but wasn’t strong enough to get away or even know what was happening. Fear and anger gave the Elf what he needed, another burst of speed.
“He’s going to make it to the wall, but we can’t stop it without endangering the child!” Storm-shadow shouted in impotent rage as he shot through the air and outran the two earlier aerial steeds.
Suddenly an image popped into Ethan’s head unexpectedly, information he did not know or consider to be possible. It hadn’t happened since he first found out his power was real. The image in his mind’s eye was that of his hand grasping a ball of flame. He thought internally while growling in anger as he could see the baby’s porcelain skin and green hair. Fine, I’ll give it a try, but kill only the Elf. Do not harm the baby or anyone else!
Ethan gasped and the tingling in his hand became painful and the skin nearly looked like blood before an awesome ignition exploded above his open palm. A orb of fire the size of a softball came to life, but it looked like a compressed ball as the fire didn’t lick upwards. It was as if it was held in a sphere like Celestia’s feathers were in glass. The image in his mind prompted him on what to do.
Fingers curled around the fireball as he cocked his arm back and roared as he threw it at the despicable demon.
The ball shot past Storm-shadow before a trail of fire propelled it forward like a missile and flew faster and faster till it whistled like a mortar shell full of explosives were about to land.
The Elf stopped when it heard the high pitched whistle despite its own terror and looked up to see an incoming weapon. Gnarled black teeth hissed before short legs blurred and took off running for the wall when the blazing projectile was expected to hit where he had left. Two feet from the ground the ball of fire changed direction and flew with a fifteen foot long jet stream of fire bent on annihilating the enemy. “What?!” it cried in surprise as the conjured fire continued pursuit. The child-snatching demon turned, but kept running. The fireball only grew more determined and rocketed for its target. The Elf ran back and forth and the fire followed its every move, getting faster and faster. Nothing alive could outrun a fireball that moved faster than a bullet and nothing would get in its way.
Before the creature got to the wall, the ball of fire connected and entered it through the back as if it weren’t there.
“Ethan?” Storm-shadow asked as the Elf stopped and looked confused.
“It’s already over.” The Elemental said with growling confidence.
The demon suddenly released a scream the likes of which were never heard before. The agony made it drop the swaddling Nymph as it clawed at its smoking chest before a bright orange flash blinded everyone and as it ended there was nothing but a gray form of the desiccated Elf being blown away by the wind.
First to arrive were Odin and Pegasus. The All Father jumped skillfully down as Gungnir’s glow faded back into the dull glow it always had after a sweep through the body made the form of ash scatter. He scooped up the naked baby Nymph with curly green hair to hear her bawling as Storm-shadow and Ethan landed. “Is she alright?!” the Elemental called as he jumped down and ran over.
Odin sat his lone eye on the human flame thrower to ask “What was that, Lad? I’ve never seen fire do that. You were further than us, but we couldn’t risk killing it without hurting the child.” Pegasus snorted, but remained a silent giant.
“Not sure what that was. I did though know my fire could deal with it without putting the baby in any greater danger, but my flames can’t reach beyond fifty feet in a stream. I’ve tried. All I do know is an image popped into my head and it immolated the Elf from the inside out. To me it looked like a missile.”
Odin shook his head. “More like a Drone the military uses. It’ll be called a Drone from now on…” his eye turned as a horde descended upon them. “Prepare yourself, Lad.”
Gargoyles arrived with Pegesai before Nagai reared back and snaked in on two legs with drawn sword. Odin roared “The child is safe! Search the grounds! I want to know how an Elf got on the grounds and where it’s been! In broad daylight at that. There may be more. Hunt the bastards down! Capture first, kill if you can’t. Go!”
All the Nagai scattered with the Gargoyles. Pegasus ordered all young into the castle and the herds flew away, except Storm-shadow.
Riding on the back of a large Centaur woman was the baby’s mother who jumped as soon as she could and dropped to her knees to cry in relief while holding the maybe year old girl to her breast. “Vina, my seedling!”
“Odin, a word?” Ethan asked and the ancient Viking held up a finger before telling the advancing Centaur warriors to aid the others and then came over to the Elemental.
“What is it, Lad?”
“Why didn’t the Elf simply kill the baby and eat its soul? What was the point? It should have known it would die. I know you were about to throw your spear and hope for the best, likely killing the girl before it got away. It was slowed down with her in its arms. Was it some kind of hostage situation, the baby being used to leave when it was found?”
“Don’t know, Lad. Possible, but more likely is it wanted to steal her, raise her to maturity and breed her dry before eventually killing her. She got lucky. If it had gotten past the barrier and Translocated, she would have been lost. And yes, I was about to hurl Gungnir. Her death now would have been seen as merciful… When I get better facts it is all assumption at the moment. Regardless, you stopped and killed it. I’ll see to it eight hundred points enter your account before supper.”
Suddenly Ethan was tackled by the overwhelmed Nymph mother to the ground and she planted grateful kisses all over his face while saying ‘Thank you!’ over and over while crying openly. The baby was now in the hands of her worried Ogre father. The Ogre’s club laid by his hip.
“Let the lad breathe, Woman.” Odin said with mirth before laughing at Ethan’s startled expression. “Take your family to the castle for safety.” The Nymph got up, gave Ethan another kiss on the cheek and hurried to her child and mate before running together for shelter.
“Odin!” A Pixie suddenly appeared several feet in front of the head of the house. “Crait and his Nagai have found a hidden den where the Elf holed up since last night’s skirmish. He says he found it was trying to burrow, but the mother and child startled its work when they got too close. Crait says the Elf was alone and can’t smell another in the area.”
“Take the four of us there immediately.” Odin ordered.
“You got it!” The tiny Pixie said and clapped her hands.
Ethan suddenly found himself transported with Storm-shadow, Odin and Pegasus to a thick grove of trees where a dozen Nagai were scouring the area with their noses to the ground or licking the air with forked tongues. The High Naga Champion Crait stood tall and powerful with three swords and two daggers sheathed to his person and waved them over.
Crait hissed and pointed to a freshly dug hole. “The demon hid here during the night. How did it enter the grounds? The skirmish last night was easily dealt with and I heard the wall wasn’t breached?”
Pegasus looked down a hole dug into the roots of a tree before snorting “The attack was weak. Only five demons attacked. The Elf must have had some magic which allowed it to enter unnoticed. Ethan destroyed the body so I cannot say with certainty without its corpse.”
“Did he now?” Crait asked, focusing his reptilian eyes on the human. “Wish I was there to see our Elemental in battle. I look forward to the report.”
“Crait, are you sure the demon was alone?” Pegasus asked with cold blue eyes while he fluffed great black wings.
“So far. I smell no other demon taint to wet my swords gluttonous appetite.” The Naga leader rubbed his palms over the pommels of two belted swords.
“Just to be safe I’ll order all children wait in the castle till morning. This breach is rare.” Odin decided grimly. “Finish investigating what you can Crait and submit your report. I must go speak with our Enchantress and Casters to figure out how an Elf went undetected all morning. The situation could have been much worse.” The Naga leader nodded his bony scaled head. “Ethan, you and Storm-shadow go eat lunch and go to your homes till dinner. Ethan, send me a report of your actions and what you did with the Drone via e-mail. That skill will come in handy, Lad. It must be researched, but later.”
“But what should I say? I’ve never made a report like that.”
“I will help.” Storm-shadow said.
Star-bolt and Gra came riding in with news and purpose. The Amazon queen and Pegesai princess stopped to say “Odin,” Gra said loudly and gained attention from everyone. “my Amazons just found a second Elf in the northern orchids. We got her. She’s marked by Sheedan and has a rune branded to her forehead Morgane says is what hid her. She’s being taken to the dungeons as we speak, but besides the male elf, she said they were alone. The minor incident was just a diversion last night.”
“Good work, Gra. Things are now making more sense. Only that whore could do this. Glad her kind is so bloody rare… Take me to her, the Elf, and make absolutely sure it isn’t lying.”
The queen grinned and said “Morgane put a truth, paralysis and an agony pain rune on it. The Elf couldn’t lie even if it wanted.” She patted her companion’s strong neck.
Odin quickly mounted Pegasus who followed quickly behind Star-bolt and took to the sky once out from beneath the tree canopy.

“That will suffice.” Storm-shadow said as he laid beside Ethan on the giant bed in his room. Ethan sent the e-mail and closed the computer. He then fell back with a sigh while remembering how much attention he gained at lunch and barely got away without being trampled. Nymphs were most grateful and one was even bold enough to grab his groin and wanted to thank him intimately for saving the child. Storm-shadow explained that that particular Nymph was the baby’s aunt. It was embarrassing being groped, but others laughed. The woman though was serious about wanting him between her thighs and giving thanks in her own way.
When he got home an hour ago with Storm-shadow he checked his account to find he got the extra points on top of his thousand from apprenticing under Celestia. He learned she spoke with one of Tattoo’s aids on a fair point income she regulated based on his performance and quality of work.
“Storm, who is Sheedan?” Ethan asked as the name suddenly popped into his head while staring at the rotating fan. Storm-shadow only allows certain people to shorten his name and him being a companion is among that short list.
“Sheedan is a demon lord, quite old and strong. She is an Agas. A seductive type demon who’s power manipulates vision. Agas are rarer than a Phoenix, but killing them is tricky. Sheedan is their leader. She likes to present herself to humans as a voluptuous human female, bed them and eat so much of their emotions that her victims end up comatose forever. Odin hates her above any other demon for she used her powers on him and his regenerative power made him her slave for nearly a whole year before he could escape. She is a deadly adversary…”
“Spill it.” Ethan said as he sat up and knew Storm-shadow enough now that the steed was holding something back.
“Well, she bore a child with Odin and it was centuries before he found out. Odin was attacked by his own son who had been warped by Sheedan’s morals and in the end the father had to slay his own son. Since then Sheedan’s minions taunt Odin and he has been trying to locate her nest and end her once and for all. Sheedan also hates the veil as humans once worshiped her and she cannot kill them anymore for their souls or invoke the wrath of whoever her greater demon lord is who worked with the Spirit King to create the laws protecting the humans.”
“But how did Odin get tricked? Couldn’t he see her? Is her power like the veil?” Ethan asked.
“The spell was actually influence by the Agas’ ability to shift perception on humans so the supernatural seems less harmless and deadly to humanity. On the ground I probably look like a common horse or a large bird in the air. Naga will look like any human. Before you died you might have seen millions of demons without realizing it. But the veil over humans can be applied to anyone, even our esteemed leader. Odin was tricked and will stop at nothing to spit Sheedan’s head on the end of Gungnir for her crimes.”
“So what does she really look like?”
Storm-shadow shrugged with his wings. “Nobody knows. None who have seen her true form have lived. Not even Odin has seen her natural form and he was her prisoner for a year. Besides, I’m more worried about the Elves entering without detection. Sheedan has never sent her subordinates with such a skill. How it masked their presence and scent from the Gargoyles, Naga and my kind are baffling. I didn’t even smell the Elf till the Nymph raised the alarm after grabbing the foal.”
“You think that once it touched the child whatever power hiding it wore off. A couple weeks ago Celestia told me how Spirit and Demon Energies don’t mix. Maybe the baby’s energy broke the Elf’s demon spells?” Ethan proposed.
“That is… plausible.” Storm-shadow mulled it over.
Then Ethan asked “Storm, this might seem a stupid question, but it’s been nagging me ever since Celestia told me about the two energies. How is it demons can eat souls of humans and others of Order to get stronger if their own Demon Energy cannot mix? And how do demons get stronger off souls? I’d think that everyone in Order would be much weaker if soul charged demons attacked us who do not get stronger by eating souls. The Elf today was fast, faster than any human and the Nagai would have been hard pressed to capture him…”
“It seems whoever explained demons and souls hadn’t told you everything.” Dressor suddenly entered the conversation as he jumped his wooden body out of his hole in the wall. The filigree face and blue eyes looked upon them. “Oh, Hun, don’t look so skeptical.” Dress smiled. “It’s more of a misconception really. Demons are only as physically strong as their natural species can get, just like everyone else has a limit. Their powers are also limited to their kind, but through intense training they can, in a sense, power up. Age also determines power. Demons don’t really get stronger by eating souls. Think of it like a person on PCP or Angel Dust. Souls are like an irresistible drug for demons. They lose themselves and can never get high enough. Souls make it seem a demon is stronger, but in reality their weaknesses are just released. If a human on drugs exhibit enhanced strength and maniacal tendencies, you can imagine a demon going bat-crap crazy. Their limits remain the same, but their inhibitions are lowered. Demons full on souls need to be dealt with immediately or their inhibitions will bring the notice of humans. Those kinds of demons are who gain our attention and must be hunted down. As for mixing energies, a consumed spiritual soul that dies is what stimulates the demon. One life and their hooked forever.
“Greater demons in particular are more dangerous. Think of it like this, Naga are strong swordsmen, Amazons, in terms of physical strength, are stronger. Above them are Centaur then Ogres. Their raw strength is nothing when faced with a Witch or a Specialist who can use their power externally to create something. Greater demons are like what High Wizard Merlin would be to a Naga. With just a flick of that crazy Wizard’s wrist the Naga could be picked up and thrown against the wall a hundred feet away or turned into a bug and squashed. Imagine this Sheedan as him and the Elf you killed today as a Naga. And it is no secret that that man stealing harlot enjoys souls on a daily basis.”
“You sound a bit jealous.” Ethan remarked.
Dress gave Ethan a forlorn look. “She hurt my dearest Odin. I want her gone more than anyone else. The only one allowed to screw with his mind is me… and maybe Floa. She’s fun to team up and tease too.”
“I didn’t know you have a thing for Odin.”
“Who wouldn’t?!” Dress laughed richly. “If I had a heart it would race. That man is manly perfection in the highest degree. I love making his clothes that show off that steamy physique.”
“No wonder he’s normally half naked all the time!” Ethan remarked and the three laughed together. “Just don’t go altering my clothes the same way.”
“And why not?” the golden face pouted. “You’ve put on a sexy amount of muscle in a short time, Ethan. Maybe I should expose more of that hairy chest. Real men have hairy chests. My boyfriend does. I like how you’ve let a short and trimmed beard grow in. Many females like it. Old world never looked so good on someone born in today’s society.”
“Don’t even think about it!” Ethan fired back. “I grew it some so Floa and Kira would stop touching my face to hide the bruises from training. And you know I don’t like others seeing my body. If you start changing my attire I’ll burn off your lashes.”
Dress looked aghast in a comical way. “You wouldn’t!”
Ethan held up a finger on fire.
“Love a man with a fiery personality… Oh fine! I promise.” Dress rolled his eyes and hopped back in his hole to watch TV that ran constantly so Dress wasn’t bored and slept whenever the resident was gone.
“Thanks guys for clearing up my confusion.”
“No problem.” Storm-shadow said.
“Always here to help!” Dress said sweetly.
“So Storm, want to go for a walk? Celestia won’t let me work till after supper.”
“Why is that?” The stallion turned his head.
“Because the metal is easier to work at night. I’ve found that to be true, but only in the finalizing of the object. Several projects really don’t need it, but I can guess her nocturnal habits are hard to break and having an apprentice is still new to her. I think that she might believe I may make a mistake and ruin something. She may be right, but who knows. At least I’m finally showing progress.”
“Ethan, what I really want to do is learn more of that Drone you did today. I too have never seen such a skill. I think it would be good to practice using it. It was a lethal weapon.”
“I don’t need reminding, but how do you propose we test it?”
“Hold that thought.” Storm-shadow got up off the large bed and his hooves clopped loudly on the stone floor as he walked to stand before Dress and asked “Is Kira in your sight?”
“She is in her bedroom working on another potion.” The living furniture responded after a moment. “Why?”
Storm-shadow explained and then left with Ethan.
“OOOh Kiraaa Love!”
Kira lifted her head from a vial on the desk of her room and sat it down. “Yes, Dress?” She smiled.
“Storm-shadow requests your help to aid Ethan in developing a new skill that just manifested. He’ll pay you a thousand points for your time if you’re busy.” Dress said from his corner of her bedroom. Dress’ form was exactly same throughout all the Houses and the tens of thousands of rooms he watched over tirelessly.
“Tell him I’d be glad to help and the points aren’t necessary.”
“Sorry, Love, he and Ethan already left their room and Celestia will singe my surface if I yell. Her room is next to Ethan’s and you never want to wake a Phoenix, trust me. That ornery bird already burned down one of me once before it was mandatory that my wood be protected from harm.”
“I don’t want to see that lardo’s ugly mug again.” Ken groaned.
“He’s more handsome than you ever were!” Dress defended Ethan.
“Oh go glue your doors shut, Woody! No one likes a Homo!”
Dress glowered dangerously. “What was that, Traitor?”
“Here, Dress! He deserves punishment for that remark.” Kira threw the book before the angry closet. Ken gasped as Dress grinned evilly.
Dress made his inanimate body jump and one of the four heavy legs slammed on the book’s face. “OW! Damn it!” Ken howled, but Dress jumped up and down to cause as much pain as the tome deserved. Kira laughed at the strangeness someone else would see it as a gay closet kept jumping on a bigoted book. Neither could do any real harm to each other, but it was funny to watch. Dress eventually huffed “That makes me feel better. Thanks, Kira.”
“Any time, Love.” She put on a pair of sexy heels from her huge collection and picked up Ken to put his strap over her shoulder. “So where am I to meet them?”
“Archery grounds. The open space and nearby water of the lake would be ideal for Ethan in the event his flames do more damage than expected.” Dress smiled. “Take care of him, Sweetness.”
“Oh how I wish he would let me. I swear his sexual tension grows by the day with him. I think I’m wearing him down. He’ll be awesome in the sack, I can feel it deep down.”
“Oh you!” Dress laughed. “You can try and I’m quite surprised.”
“By what?” She asked as she looked over her room full of potions and shoes.
“Not since the day Ethan came in have you had any daytime visitors other than that handsome Ogre. Do you really like Ethan that much? It’s been a good month since you’ve brought anyone over and that has never happened since you turned eighteen.”
“Well he is special. And most males can’t wait to follow me around after catching my scent. Ethan is like a quality chocolate. I want to savor him before gobbling him up.” Kira’s eyebrow jiggled. “See you soon, Dress.”
“Bye, Girl!”

Under the canopy of a tree Ethan spotted Kira’s tone body and sultry walk coming along the path. He and Storm-shadow jumped out on the trail. She wore a sexy silver dress and matching heels. How she walked without breaking an ankle Ethan didn’t know. She waved when she noticed them and said in her soft Scottish brogue “Hello Lads, warm day it is.”
“Really?” Ethan scratched his head.
“Yes, you just cannot feel heat like the rest of us anymore.” Storm-shadow said.
“Oh, right. Sorry, I forget that a lot.” He blushed like usual.
“So, what can I do for this mysterious training Dress spoke of?” Kira asked as Ken gagged in an annoying way.
“Ethan has manifested a new power…”
“Yeah, the Drone everyone’s talking about.” Her lipstick red lips smiled. “So what can I do?”
The elemental asked “Can you make an object fly around really fast and dodge so the Drone can chase it. Odin wants to know more about it and its limits.”
“Not a problem. I can do several levitation spells and movement. Would you prefer it’s done over the lake?” Kira said.
“If you don’t mind.” Ethan kindly asked.
Kira extended a hand and the tip of her finger began to glow a soft blue-green as she plucked four straw training dummies off the ground from over a hundred feet away. Some Centaurs and Nymph archers put down their bows and watched while an Ogre fishing on the dock realized what was about to happen and reeled in the line before getting back to shore.
“I’m going to target the dummy that’s missing a head. Kira, this time just make the drone play keep away. Move the dummy as fast as you can and do whatever it takes to keep it from being destroyed.”
“Whenever you’re ready, Ethan.” Kira lazily put a hand on her round hip while lowering three dummies with a gentle motion.
Ethan walked forward to make sure no one would get hurt and recreated the Drone. Now that he knew it could be done the fireball came back to life, even if it was an uncomfortable creation as the tingling was intense and the bloody color of his hand didn’t seem healthy. He cocked his arm back and let loose.
Kira lazily moved the dummy with her finger and her jaw dropped as the ball of fire rocketed after it. She changed direction and the projectile followed without pause. Every moment it got faster and faster in the chase. If the dummy jumped up into the sky, so too was it followed by a trail of fiery smoke. Kira focused harder, not wanting to fail and made the dummy fly faster and faster, dodging more and more quickly. No matter how swift she was, the Drone was faster.
In a bright and soundless light the Drone connected. Only ash and smoke flitted down to the lake, drawn by gravity. Kira said in astonishment “Amazing. Ethan you have much control.”
“Kira, once I threw the Drone it did all that on its own.” He corrected.
Flabbergasted would be the best description on Kira’s face. “That cannot be. The Drone took on a life of its own? Every Caster alive cannot hope to make a spell work without setting and controlling conditions that take hours to clearly state. Do it again without looking to prove it attacks relentlessly once released.” In a minute another dummy was destroyed all while Ethan’s back was to it. “It’s true! After this I must tell Morgane Le Fay and other Casters… This must be another specialty of Elementals.” Ethan just shrugged and scratched his full, but short auburn beard. “What next?”
“We all saw it’s destructive capabilities are great, but what if I accidently loose a Drone and realize it was a mistake.”
“Understandable.” Storm-shadow said. “What good is a weapon without control. That weapon is much deadlier than an arrow and in a few moments became faster than a bullet. We need to know if it can be stopped.”
Ethan conjured a third Drone and threw it, but Kira held the dummy aloft with her magic when Ethan found out one wouldn’t be created without a target to chase. As it fired Ethan learned he felt the immense power held within the ball and willed it to stop. The ball immediately halted as the tail of propelling fire stopped. “Good, I can control it if necessary.” He looked over his shoulder. “Kira, can you do a magical spell that can surround it, like if someone was surrounded in debris or hiding in a room or behind a wall?”
She nodded and the green dot of magic on the tip of her finger turned pure blue and she began air-writing runes which created a square cube barrier of light around the straw dummy. It took a good minute to properly craft such a complex protective spell out over the water. When done her finger’s light returned to green. “I’m finished, Ethan.”
The hovering ball of fire shot off like before, but the target held still. The blue barrier didn’t even slow it down and after the light subsided the barrier is all that remained.
“But…”
“Ethan,” Storm-shadow interrupted Kira. “Shoot a stream of fire at the magic.” He did just that and a stream of white hot and orange flames left his palm and bathed the cube. “Unlike the Drone, your fire didn’t pass through. Interesting.”
“It did it to the Elf too.” Ethan remembered and spoke his mind. “It’s like the Drone passes through solid things and releases its energy inside the target. It stopped before dropping the child. I remember it looking around confused before flashing into ash.”
“You’re right… We can test that too. Kira, take the last two dummies and put them back to back. Ethan, target the one behind, but go through the first as if it were a hostage.”
The growing crowd watched as moments later the Drone passed through the first, but the second became smoky ash. Up close, the first dummy didn’t have a mark where the ball passed through the chest.
A half dozen more tests proved the Drone was highly effective, more so than any magic Kira could ward against or craft. Not even Ken could dispute such a weapon.
At dinner they discussed it at length, listened to Odin from a nearby TV about what had been learned, and spoke of it some more. Before Ethan left to go work Merlin popped up out of nowhere and said to meet him after training. He wanted to see the Drone for himself. Likely to play with it like a kitten with yarn.

Ethan stoked the fire in the forge after replacing a Centaur’s new set of shoes which were nearly done and hand mixed molten metal destined for a claymore in a bucket. When all was evenly mixed he pulled out a heavy mold blank and gently poured it in the recess beneath Celestia’s gaze. He poured slowly although it weighed over eighty pounds and his arms felt like they were about to fall off. She reminded “Be sure to pour from one end so gravity will fill every spot. Air bubbles, even at this stage will cause nothing but problems. The metal still has yet to absorb enough carbon from the wood to retain adequate strength.”
“Yes, Ma’am.” He grunted and finished pouring every last drop into the mold.
“When you’re finished, take the finished pike to the Enchantress and call it a night.”
An hour and a half later Ethan safely arrived at the castle and took an elevator ride to the fifth story in the heart of the castle and stepped out on the barren hall and headed towards the Enchantress’s office. The large wooden box was still there, but for once Ethan was surprised to hear voices and as he got close he noticed the Enchantress’s door open. Immediately he distinguished Floa’s tinkling voice in a small form.
Then he stopped cold as the other’s voice spoke back. It was familiar.
Heart racing, Ethan moved like he was on strings and rounded on the door. His eyes widened completely as he gasped “Kanade?”





Chapter 8

Lounging in a Spirit Guide size and approved sofa Kanade had her knee propped up with Floa sitting on it at no more than four inches tall. Her long black hair in disarray while her butterfly wings fluttered every time they laughed. Kanade lay on her wings with a pillow propping her head up. Her eyes went to the door and widened as she heard an intake of breath followed by her name from a voice she didn’t expect so early. She had been so preoccupied in the entertaining exploits of the Pixie that she didn’t sense his approach.
As soon as golden eyes met gray she gasped as well and sat up instantly. “Ethan!” she shouted as Floa recovered instantly in midair and fluttered to the back of the sofa and lightly sat down on tiny feet. “What are you doing here? You’re too early…” She couldn’t help looking over his sooty body covered in drying sweat from working. In his large hand was a long pike. Beneath long sleeves she saw muscles growing by the day and that he had grown a thick, but trim beard. But as his smoky musk entered her room she breathed it in and her heart flipped before racing.
Kanade felt naked under his roving gaze as he took in her blue jean short shorts and backless red t-shirt. Her large blue wings quivered as her long, naked legs gathered at the floor and she stood, her glittering skin sparkled as the ceiling and wall lights in her room played off her skin like thousands of tiny diamonds on alabaster flesh. Her molten gold eyes remained wide and her naturally metallic blue eyebrows nearly got lost in her bangs. Her silky blue hair remained short, framing her face and lining her soft angular jaw.
His grip on the sharp pike tightened as his words spilled out without a mental filter. “What is going on?! Kanade, why don’t you have that shimmer around you anymore? What are you doing here? You’re the Enchantress?” He accused and watched her barely flinch. “I thought I’d never see you till my life ended again…”
“You’re not supposed to be here.” Kanade hastily said.
Ethan recoiled as if he were slapped. His openly astonished expression melted remorsefully as memories of last time coupled with these fresh words reminded him of his foolishness. In a dead neutral tone he said “Won’t happen again.” He felt like throwing the pike down, but he knew Celestia would peck him in the head again for dropping another weapon. He flipped the pike and laid it against Dress as the blue eyed closet looked sad.
Ethan then grabbed the door handle and shut the door.
“You better go after him, Kanade.” Floa fluttered over and slapped the giantess on the cheek. Kanade’s breaking heart at what she just did made tears start flowing into her eyes. “Kiss and make up! You’ve not spoken to him since you got here and I’ve kept your secret long enough and let me tell you it was stupid.”
“What have I done?” Kanade’s voice quivered. “His thoughts… empty…”
“You screwed up in a royal way.” Floa stated directly, floating before Kanade’s left golden eye. “We all say stupid things, but you know he thinks you don’t care for him. If you don’t clear things up you can’t repair the damage. Go after him before he does something stupid!”
“But you just saw that look he gave me.” Kanade choked as the tears spilled down her cheeks. “He hates me and won’t want to talk. Nothing I’ll say will reach him.”
“Then don’t say anything!” Floa sighed and Kanade could see the Pixie was angry by how her wings flapped. “Men are all the same! Get a hold of him and don’t let go. If he’s you’re soul mate and you do actually like him then fucking do something about it!”
“She’s right, Sweetness.” Dress said from his secure spot. “Get after him. I’ve never seen two more made for each other and I’m the sixth oldest living soul in the mortal world.”
“You have to the count of three to go after him before I Translocate you. One!” Floa spread her hands straight out. “Two!” The green hands moved together halfway. “Thr…”
Kanade acted through blurry vision, moving through the threatening Pixie who flew out of the way. She yanked the door wide open and jumped into the hall, but Ethan was gone. Kanade’s powers spread out in a wave at just a thought before sensing Ethan already on the ground floor and running down the empty Ogre hall. The Spirit Guide could feel the Elemental’s anguish and his thoughts of self loathing tore her heart apart. Her tears became rivers as she realized just how hurt he was and immediately pulled her power back and found herself collapsed in the hall with Floa biting her ear.
“Finally.” Floa said with genuine concern in her voice and expression as Kanade reacted. “What just happened, Girlfriend? You suddenly yelped and fell down.”
“It’s Ethan.” Kanade quivered. “He’s in so much pain. Agony. I’ve never felt the like before…”
“Only you can make him feel better. Where is he?” Kanade pointed at an angle at the ground. “Better fly then. It’ll be quicker.” Without any more warning Kanade gasped when the Pixie clapped and was sent through space instantly.
Out of instinct, Kanade’s large blue wings snapped out and she recovered midair above the castle. It took her a moment to reorient her position, but when she did, she knew what needed to be done.

Stupid. Stupid. Stupid! Ethan’s mind roared as he ran unmolested through the long hall made for Ogres. Beside the one he met at the elevator, the hall was empty. Thankfully for it being past two in the morning, none were out. Why am I so broken up over her? Because she’s so beautiful? Probably. Why do her words cut so deep? No other woman has made me feel so pathetic. She looked so great. Awe, Ethan, snap out of it! She doesn’t want you and never has. It’s just a coincidence or some cruel trick Fate thought up for the punch. It worked, Bastard! Kanade’s job is twofold, screw with me and help this place. Bah, Stop thinking of her Ethan. Stop thinking! He chastised himself. She doesn’t care about you!
All the exercise left him winded as he reached the open gate. The hard run made him sweat and expel the energy the meeting filled him with. As he crossed the smaller Ogre drawbridge he ignited his hand for light in the darkness. His chest hurt like an elephant sat on it and the gasping from the run only made the sensation worse. He hated himself for how he felt for her and looked at the ground as he made for the path home.
His hearing picked up the sound of large wings beating and he assumed it was from a Pegesai until it got too close for comfort and he looked up to see the darkness turn blue.
Kanade swooped it and wrapped her arms around Ethan’s torso and drew his wide back to her chest, used a little power to hold him to her and flapped her wings for some altitude. She felt a twinge of fear as a growl ripped from his breast, a sound she never heard from him. It was anger, feral and deadly. She never knew a human could make such a deadly sound. “Ethan, it’s me darlin’.”
The sound of her silky southern belle accent washed over him like a bucket of cold water. His growl ended and his struggle ceased. Unable to see, he did hear her sigh and the pressure he felt on him lessened along with all his inner loathing. He enjoyed the cool feel of her slender arms around him, but being blind wasn’t fun. His arm moved forward and ignited as he strained his neck to look at her.
“I see you’re getting’ used to your power.”
“What is it you want, Kanade?” He said and no matter how much he wanted to scorn her, he didn’t have it in him to make such a breathtaking being feel bad.
“To clear up a misunderstandin’. Are you willin’ to listen?”
“Why are you crying?” He noticed the wetness on her cheeks and her puffy eyes.
“Because your thoughts hurt me. I do not hate you or see you as a burden.” Her words were softer than silk and sweeter than honey.
“You don’t?” he asked in disbelief. “Wait, my thoughts? You can hear my thoughts? Telepathy?”
She nodded while biting her full, naturally ruby red bottom lip. “I’m sorry. I usually do not send my power so far. A person’s mind is a sanctuary and I didn’t mean to intrude, but in my haste to find where you went it sort of happened. Won’t happen again… Promise.”
“Since you are in complete control right now and can drop me to my death, I’ll listen. Where are you taking me?”
“To your home with Celestia. We’ll be there in moments. I think we need a moment to collect our thoughts. You can bathe. You usually do that when you get home after you bring me items to spell.”
“It’s you! You’re the watcher!” He accused and felt a change as Kanade’s wings flapped and they went from horizontal to vertical. Ethan fell and tripped on the roof as her arms released him. He jumped up quickly and reapplied fire to his hands to see Kanade’s cheeks blushing and her arms crossed over her flat stomach. She had guilty written all over her. “Wait, you just touched me… How? You couldn’t last time.”
Her golden gaze bashfully hid behind fluttering eyelashes as he tucked a loose strand of hair behind an ear. “It took time to make a body I could inhabit, Ethan. I’m now as flesh and blood as you. It’s been eleven years since I was corporeal. At eighteen I left the Nineteenth House in Alabama to become a Spirit Guide in full… Go, I will wait here.”
Ethan realized he stood on the roof of the two story building and could hear Celestia below still hammering away. He remembered the access hatch just outside his bedroom door that was locked from the inside. “Uh, how can I get down.” Kanade simply snapped her fingers and in the darkness he noticed a metallic blue spark appear with the sound that matched the color of her hair and wings. Dully he could hear the lock open and fall to the ground and watched as the eight foot tall woman smiled mischievously. “I know I’m a bit ripe, but you can wait in my room. It might be a bit more comfortable.”
Kanade shook her head while thinking, If I did that we might become one. Instead she reasonably said “Not a good idea. Dress will hear and add comments. Up here we have privacy.” Before her real thoughts of what she wanted to do could redden her cheeks further she turned around, grateful for the night’s darkness and human blindness. She walked to the small battlement of the large building and put her hands on the cool stone and leaned forward. She realized what she wore and looked over her shoulder to feel flattered as Ethan ogled her firm posterior, framed by her wings. He realized embarrassingly what he was doing and looked away. Ethan found the hatch and lifted it with a squeak and began climbing down a series of steps cut into stone.
Immediately a pair of glowing green eyes were upon him. Celestia stood in the hall, holding the lock Kanade removed. Her fiery appearance looked agitated. “What is the meaning of this and how did you come down from the roof. None other than a…”
“My fault, Celestia.” Kanade’s head poked down through the open hatch.
The Forgemaster cocked her head questioningly. “Enchantress Kanade? Now it makes since. Only an Enchanter or I could have unlocked this. What did Ethan do to Magantin?”
“Magantin?” Kanade inquired.
“The Pike I sent. Did it get damaged? Where is it?”
Kanade’s golden gaze understood. “All is well. Magantin is safely locked in my room and waitin’ for me. I’m sorry for the disturbance, Forgemaster Celestia. I didn’t mean to disturb you. Ethan and I have personal business to discuss and is why I landed in the roof. I forget your kind’s hearing is second only to an Elf’s.”
Celestia was mad and it showed in her body’s fire growing. “As you should be. If you have business with my apprentice, enter silently through the front. I heard this fall and wasn’t done working. Another disturbance like this again and I’ll ban you from my home. Understand?”
“Yes, Ma’am.”
Celestia dropped the lock in Ethan’s hand. “Lock up when you’re done. Any more disturbances will result in punishment.” The large Phoenix vowed and turned around to proceed downstairs and get back to work. Already Kanade’s head no longer poked down and Ethan shrugged to open his bedroom door.
Dress immediately said “You sure got here quick! Where’s your girlfriend?”
Ethan flushed, but said “She’s not my girlfriend.” One of Dress’ gold eyebrows shot up as if to say otherwise. “Kanade’s on the roof. I need a shower. Can you pick my best clothes? Man, I don’t want to look a slob.”
“Give me a moment to think, Handsome.” Dress’ eyes closed.
It was a record setting shower for Ethan. He toweled off, brushed his teeth and combed his hair before finding his personal fashion designer had spit out a pair of blue jeans, a red shirt and fresh boxers. In a minute he was dressed and left the room hearing “Good luuuck.”
Up on the roof Ethan found Kanade had piled up a stack of wood and the Elemental gasped. “Please tell me you didn’t pick those from the side of the building?”
“I thought we could talk in front of a fire? Is something wrong?”
Her innocent question had him nodding. “Better put it back. Those logs are from thousand year old oak that has cured for a year after being cut. Nymph royalty gift Celestia with wood for her work and she’ll use no other and the coal is made from aged dragon bones. The carbon in the ancient wood adds strength to her metal and the coal grants flexibility or rigidness depending on how much is used. If she catches you taking from her supply you’ll be in for a world of hurt.” The sincerity in his voice made her realize how important the supplies are. “Making fire is effortless for me and I produce no smoke that will choke you.”
“Thank you for the warning.” Kanade touched the logs with a finger and wrote something with a green spark and then the wood floated over the wall and was put back in its original place.
Ethan, barefoot like her, moved to prop his back against his chimney that led to a fireplace in his room. Kanade’s wings surrounded her and she seemed as uncomfortable as he was and the time apart didn’t seem to help organize thoughts. To break the silence he held out his hand and created the bright Drone, selecting a cricket as the target, but instead of letting it loose he had the contained fireball hold position between them.
“That is the Drone Floa told me about I take it?” he nodded. Kanade’s eyes widened. “Ethan, there is tremendous power within. It is an ethereal weapon that once finds a host, becomes a corporeal firebomb!”
“Don’t worry.” He eased her mind. “My friend Kira helped me learn about it. Until I connect my mind with it and let it loose, the grasshopper I selected will be unharmed. When I reconnect, I’ll absorb it back into myself…” he stopped as she smiled and her wings lost their tension. “Sorry about my actions earlier. They weren’t fair. Actually the first thing I wanted to say when we met again was to say thank you.”
“For what?”
He held out the pair of gold bracelets firmly bound to his wrists. “These. They were a big help for me not making myself look even more ignorant about all this than usual. You saved me a lot of trouble.”
“I’m glad you like them. Do you like gold? When I made the translators I forgot to ask.”
“Personally silver would be my first choice.” He grinned.
“Then let me see them.” She held out her hands and he didn’t resist taking them to feel her touch. She felt the sores and roughness his hands had recently endured and what she enjoyed most was a warm tingling sensation from where they touched. He didn’t jerk as her gold eyes began to glow entirely blue like when he remembered her expelling souls. She blew out on the material and Ethan watched as the seamless bands grew thousands of tiny runes in intricate lines before changing color from gold to white-gold. As her glowing blue eyes returned to a natural gold she asked “Better?”
“Much!” he laughed and reluctantly drew his hands back to watch as the runes disappeared again. “So why two bracelets?”
“Because any language I’ve learned ever spoken or written, even demon, is translated to you from the left band while the right returns to whoever is listenin’. You didn’t grow up learnin’ every language like I and others of Order do. I knew you needed these so you didn’t need to rely on anyone else. Understandin’ is important and I didn’t want you to die if you didn’t know how to commune properly…” She went quiet.
“Kanade, what are you doing here? With a body?” He found the nerve to ask.
“Because” She looked down and chose her words more carefully than before. “I wanted to watch over you and be nearer. And no, Lord Fate didn’t send me to punish you. It hurt me that you thought I want to bring you pain. I never wanted to give such an impression. Again, I’m sorry, for intrudin’, but I needed to say that. Do you remember the last moments we spent with Lord Fate?” He nodded and she saw his fingers ball into a fist. “He said it would be another week for me. He had an Ogre construct a new livin’ body for me to reside in and without my original to be recreated from, it was made from scratch.
“I made the decision to be by you and so long as you have a physical form, so will I. Until this body is killed I cannot leave it or return to Spirit World.”
“Why would you do that? Aren’t you giving up all your friends? Your family?”
Kanade nodded. “Only Floa was my dear friend, but the Cerulean family, my parents included, understand my choice. For a reason, do I need one to be near you? Do you resent me or wish me to go?”
He shook his head and hands instantly. “No, please stay. I… uh… missed you.” Ethan spoke the last part barely above a whisper.
“My choice wasn’t difficult. So far I’ve completely enjoyed my new role as Enchantress of the First House. Everyone seems to be friendly.”
“How long?”
The vague question was easily understood and Kanade looked at the hovering ball between them flickering in random ways. “Three weeks exactly when it’s nine in the morning. Odin and the Casters were all too eager to get an experienced Enchanter here. Normally a young Spirit Guide comes to one of the Houses to apply the runes they study from the moment of hatchin’. They leave usually at eighteen to fully begin saving souls and bringin’ them to Spirit World. It’s been six months since this House has had a proper Enchanter. Because Spirit Guides cannot die easily and are immortal, our birthrate is slow. Mostly an egg is laid by the mother once a century and only when a Spirit Guide finds their soul mate can they even conceive. For proof I can tell you my parents have been one for five centuries and I am their only offspring… When I offered my services, the First House eagerly allowed me in.
“I enchant only the most prized items.” She smiled shyly. “And every delivery you made from Celestia I spelled to last so long as the owner does.”
“You’ve been here three whole weeks? Why didn’t you reveal yourself, Kanade? You have been the one always watching me haven’t you?”
She nodded and her sweet tone was regretful. “I am. You have no idea how badly I wanted to and every day has been harder than the last. Floa was my release as she spoke of you. It made me both happy and sad. I’ve watched you struggle each day and demonstrated great courage to not give up. I so wanted to tend your wounds, but I couldn’t.”
“Why did you hide from me? Friends don’t stalk.”
She laughed lightly. “I suppose I was stalkin’… Ethan, I didn’t want to distract ya. When I wasn’t focused on work my focus… shifted. Odin agreed when he learned I was the Spirit Guide who ferried you over and back. And each day you became more determined and gained confidence though pain and hard work. I maintained my distance so you could grow into the warrior sittin’ before me. And today when Odin told me how you slew an Elf and saved a baby… I was so proud.” She crooned and saw him adjust his body uncomfortably with such praises. “I fixed the barrier against Sheedan’s minions if you were wonderin’.”
“Good to know, but couldn’t you just read my mind?”
“I told you it was an accident. I try hard not to.” She sighed and realized he was teasing as he gave her a crooked grin. “Brat.”
“Hey! I got to get my digs it when I can.” He laughed and she wasn’t far behind. “So why was your door open? Usually it’s locked.”
“Floa.” She sighed and shivered, remembering how bad Ethan felt not so long ago. It was all her fault. “I was wrong earlier. It not that your delivery was early, but I was late. Floa usually leaves by midnight, but she was so caught up over your heroism and that I had her retell all her daughter told her and… she likes to talk.”
“If that isn’t an understatement I don’t know what is.” They laughed.
Kanade continued. “We were so engrossed on how you did the impossible and saved the baby that my focus on her didn’t let me sense your approach till you already found us with my door open.”
“So what now? Are you going to keep avoiding me or are you going to transfer to a different House?” He had to ask.
“Since it’s already too late to stay hidden, no. Actually I was workin’ up courage to surprise you in the next few days when the news of your act settled. I’m not goin’ anywhere if possible.”
“Thank goodness. I would seriously think I really was a repellent to the opposite sex.” Kanade smiled, but even after a shower his smoky scent was welcome to her. “So Floa’s known this whole time? What’s been said?”
“My girlfriend has known since the day you two threatened each other. Floa returned to Spirit World to chastise me for what I said and learned of my new body being made. She decided it was enough that I was tryin’ to make amends and am back here.” She pointed to the ground. “She kept my secret from you and your friends… until now I mean. Before tonight Floa would fill me in on all I missed. She was my little spy, pun intended.” They shared a laugh. “I learned more of you through her, your likes and dislikes. Dress wasn’t helpful in that area. Last week she even caught me lookin’ into your room from the window after you dropped a kite shield for me to protect. I liked watchin’ you sleep.” Kanade admitted bashfully. “She even told me how many times all the females, this Kira included, propositioned you to roll around in the hay…”
“Whoa, where did that come from?” He said.
Kanade’s cheeks flushed fully as she mentally kicked herself. “Sorry about that. Never mind.”
“No.” Ethan decided when he heard her tone. “You sound jealous. Why?”
“If I am, what would you do about it? Would you leave this Kira and the other females?” Her neutral, non reveling eyes leveled on him.
“For starters I’d be happy you feel that way, but no. I won’t leave my friends. You wouldn’t like me if I just moved from friend to friend and we both know you aren’t the vindictive type. Yes, I’ll admit, Kira, many Nymphs, an Ogre woman and even a female Naga have all tried, but to me they are good friends. I think of them like you do with Floa.”
“But Floa doesn’t wish to mate with me. Not all the time anymore thankfully.” She pointed out. “If you had a choice, who would you be with.”
Before the mental filter could stop him, out came “You!” and immediately following he slapped a hand over his mouth.
Kanade beamed, more delighted than ever in her whole life. “That eases my mind” tremendously. She thought the last word. “And I feel the same.”
Ethan sat in misery till her words fully sank in. “Really?” she nervously bit her lips and nodded in an agonizingly slow way. “But isn’t that against the rules?”
“Whose rules?” She cocked her head in an adorable way. “I’m not sure you’ve noticed, but datin’ another species isn’t frowned upon. Human morals and culture don’t hold sway here.” She then put her heart out on the line. “You you think I’m unsightly? Do you not like tall women with wings and blue hair?”
Ethan gulped loudly enough for Kanade to hear and feel a bit of thrill. “You’re the most beautiful being I’ve ever seen. Actually I cannot look at anyone as I do you. No one has ever made me feel so… comfortable to be around. I’ve dated, but no girl has ever made me feel so… there is no word in any language which can describe it… Kanade, with all your powers, can you feel what I do?” She nodded slowly. “Then do it.”
“Are you certain?” he nodded and she let her power reach him and her eyes widened. She immediately began fanning her face in an adorable way and pulled back. She had got her answer and then some. “Well I do declare!” she kept fanning with her large yet dainty hand. “You do find me more than pleasin’.”
“So now you know how I feel about you…” his eyes downturned.
Kanade snapped her wrist and suddenly Ethan found himself magically jerked through the hovering Drone and into her embrace. Her lips were freshly glossed with her tongue a moment before meeting his. The Drone died out as Ethan kissed her back with a possessive passion for her, finding what he so longed to have. Kanade’s fingers wound through his thick head of hair and she released her feelings physically. She tasted sweeter than any sugar and to make him go deeper in that moment was her natural fragrant cinnamon scent. Her luscious lips parted invitingly and Ethan gladly probed as if they had kissed forever. It felt so right and natural, especially when she wanted to wrap her tongue with his. His large hands wound gently around her slender neck with a bit of a possessive quality she enjoyed and he could feel the hammering of her pulse and his felt the same. Then she giggled.
They pulled back and her hand scratched his beard. “Your beard tickled me.”
“It’ll be gone by morning.”
“No, keep it.” Kanade pulled him closer and kissed his lips again. “You look better with this short beard. My dream man always had one and you certainly look good. I like the scruff. I wondered why shorts beards were my fancy. I don’t like long though.”
In the darkness he could barely see her outline so he lit a thumb like a candle. “Then I’ll keep it. Kanade, sorry if I was rough.”
“Nonsense! I was rather enjoyin’ it.” She laughed lightly and pushed him back so she could sit on his lap like she so craved and enclosed them both in her wings. He liked it and so did she. It was an intimate embrace. “I’ve never been kissed like that before. Not one Spirit Guide or Enforcer made me feel so powerful… wanted and loved.”
“So you’ve had lovers?” Ethan asked in spite of what he knew. “Never mind, its none of my business. Someone of your beauty…”
“Shhh…” Kanade bumped he head against his and put a finger over his lips. “Now that I know we are certain, you can know what few do. Ethan, I am unmated and untried. Like you, I’ve never lain with another. That is a rule in Spirit World. A woman of my kind mates only with their soul mate, their angel. We do not sleep around for we can only hold passion for one. My kind kiss to exchange energy in hopes we find our angel. Finding our angel is the greatest search of our lives. The unmated go around kissin’ in the hopes they find their one, when spells to search out their destiny fail. Some can search for centuries, even millennia in the greatest life-quest. Often a mate might not even be born in the time their love is. I expected to wait decades and centuries, until you came.” Ethan sat stunned which made her smile and gave him another quick kiss. “When you called me your angel a month ago I didn’t realize it straight away, for I never heard of a Spirit Guide and a human union. It caught me off guard and I’m sorry for my outburst. Floa was the first to say she tasted my power flowin’ and the Enforcer, who cut Torment’s chain from you, felt inside of me, but Fate was who clearly determined you are mine. My Angel. My soul mate. My future husband.”
“I… I…”
“Let me finish, Ethan.” She whispered in his ear and he shivered in pleasure. “You have a bad habit of assumin’ things and always get in trouble, but I find it endearin’. Will you listen?”
“Yes.” He choked out, but pulled her closer.
“After I returned to Spirit World my parents and family were shocked to say the least at this unexpected revelation, but it was our family matriarch, my ancestral grandmother and eldest Cerulean, who was Fate’s sixth Spirit Guide creation, silenced my house. Megann is her name, but she told of a secret none in our clan knew… we all assumed her angel was like any other Spirit Guide, but lost him in some mysterious way. We learned otherwise for my ancestral father is a Thunderbird. Yes, I said is. He is like the Phoenix, but is shrouded in lightning and lives in the Congo, in Africa and they are responsible for lightnin’ in storms all over the world. Thunderbirds are immensely powerful, but aren’t aligned to either side. They are a primal force. He is still alive and my ancestor and he remain together and reunite every decade since he is king and has little time to spare, like Megann.
“So… Megann told me not to worry about the family. I won’t be shunned as I had greatly feared, but I couldn’t hide the fact because my power had begun flowin’ like all Spirit Guides who have found their other. My parents knew immediately. Megann knows what I’m goin’ through. In all of our history only four, me now included, have an angel not of Spirit Guide stock.
“This explains our connection to each other and why we do not look at the other sex anymore and feel any desire in that way. I felt the truth of this the moment I felt how you truly feel about me. When we kissed I knew immediately you are my angel. Even I can taste my own power now. It has a light tangy flavor. I know this is a lot to take in, Ethan, but…”
“No butts. We sit on them, not worry if they still remain when we look away.” This confused her to no end. “Kanade, I’ll be the first to admit that what you said isn’t an easy pill to swallow, but like I said before, you feel natural to be near and I never knew a kiss could be so wonderful. Almost like your smell.”
“Wait!” she sat up and her wings embracing them parted slightly. “What do I smell like to you?”
“Cinnamon, why?”
She squealed in delight and planted another kiss on his lips. “Ethan, only my angel can smell me. If I work up a sweat in my physical body I’ll stink, but only my angel can smell my natural scent… I like your scent too. I think though it’s because you’re human. I still like your smoky scent, like oak and hickory. It reminds me campin’ trips in Alabama with Floa and two of her daughters who were dear friends.” She proved how much she liked his scent by sniffing his neck and planting another soft kiss.
“So what’s next, Kanade? Where do we go from here.”
She smiled. “We still know each other so little, Ethan. I’ll be leavin’ soon because I need to enchant the pike or else Celestia will chew my head off… or should I say peck?” he held up two fingers and rubbed the back of his head, eliciting an infectious, dainty laugh from her. “It is custom to learn of your angel before committin’ the final bond of bodies which will make us married in my culture. Right now you have much to think on and to consider, but now you know how I truly feel. I cannot show you through my abilities, but I can assure you that what you feel for me… I too share.” She placed a hand over his firm chest. “But if I learn you are not learnin’ from your teachers because I’m a distraction, we will be at arm’s length. And if you’re good I can promise more time together.”
“That’s your incentive?” He asked dubiously.
She grinned before nuzzling his neck affectionately and whispering is a voice that could melt frozen butter in Antarctica “Do I need anythin’ else?”
“Guess not.” In one even motion Ethan slid his arms under her long, tone and silky smooth legs and another just below her firm wing muscles, just below where they sprout from the shoulder blades, and lifted. She gasped and he said “Don’t think I could’ve done this a month ago. I could barely lift a hundred fifty. Do you know your weight?”
“Yes.” And she struggled, but he sat her down on her bare feet. Kanade gave a cross look down at him. “And as a lady its rude to ask such a thing.” Inside though she was flabbergasted for her combined weight with her wings was nearly three hundred and thirty pounds.
He grinned. “My grandmother used to say the same, but my grandfather always said it’s better to get a answer than assume the woman you want to be with isn’t more than what you think. And we all know how bad my assumptions tend to get me in trouble.”
The winged beauty stepped closer and bent over to say “Your grandmother was wiser.” and laughed. “Good night, Ethan.”
“Night… Oh wait!” she stopped and turned back around. “Where do you want to meet?”
She tucked a strand of hair behind an ear. “Breakfast of course. My body requires food now. I want to meet your friends and now that the cat’s out of the bag I don’t want to hide from you anymore.” Her wings had a black quality as they expanded and she shot into the air with a ‘whoosh’ heading for her room with a lighter heart and something to greatly look forward to.
Ethan remained out on the roof for a few more minutes before heading down. He grabbed the lock and locked the roof hatch so Celestia didn’t get madder.
As he entered his bedroom Dress immediately turned himself. “Tell. Me. Everything.” The cabinet demanded. Ethan was too excited not to go into every detail and told the spirit how happy he was. “I knew it! I just knew it! Out of everyone, Kanade wants to speak about you all the blasted time. It makes sense now why you haven’t been rutting with every willing female. You’re each other’s angel! Ha, now the babies will start coming. I love babies. It’s a sure thing now. Spirit Guides can’t bond with someone shooting blanks.”
“Whoa! Nobody said anything about kids. All we did was kiss!”
“Give it time.” Dress said ominously. “Doubt you’ll get much sleep, Handsome, till you get it all out of your system…” Dress rolled his eyes. “Kanade’s says to tell you to get in bed and have pleasant dreams.”
“Tell her I will… Oh, and what does she say about me?”
“Done!” Then the blue eyes focused. “And you know I don’t share personal information. Not even with her and she bloody tries nearly every hour on the hour. I keep all confidences private. Now get to bed before I tell her you’re hesitating… You can talk from bed and she’ll never know.” Dress added mischievously with a wink.
After another hour, the rush of the moment subsided and the day’s work caught up. Ethan fell asleep with dreams of Kanade again, but this time they were more loving and the impression of her lips lingered, even in the dreams.

Dress didn’t even need to wake Ethan this morning. It might have been only two hours of sleep, but it was the best he’d had all month. He jumped out of bed in the nude without a care, much to Dressor’s delight and humor. Ethan took another shower, one more thorough and he also trimmed his beard more evenly, shaving a bit around his throat. He brushed his hair and teeth and wrapped a towel around his middle before exiting to find Dress had set out a brown sleeved shirt that was thin and cool to the touch and would breathe well, a pair of sweats, new boxers he ordered yesterday for the first time with his points and ankle socks. “You want me to wear this? What will Kanade think?”
The furniture rolled his eyes. “Plaaa-ease! She won’t care how your dressed if you start slacking off with Blake. Not only will he not tolerate it, she won’t. These clothes are what you usually train in. Better get going.”
Ethan realized the truth of the words and put on the clothes, tucked in his shirt and tied his new boots on. They fit great and they, plus the boxers, cost him twenty three points total. So far it was a well spent exchange. The steel toed boots would be great for three times already in the shop he dropped the heavy hammer, nearly breaking several toes in the process.
Early morning air filled Ethan’s lungs as he stepped out and his mind had never felt so clear. It remained quite bright, but dawn light was just as happy as he as he forged ahead down the old worn path. His mind couldn’t stop going over what occurred hours ago and realizing he now had the woman beyond even his own vivid imagination. He felt revitalized and filled with purpose. Each step brought him one step closer to the castle and to the one who actually liked him.
It took near an hour to reach the castle and the morning chime sounded just as he located his table.
Several minutes passed before Storm-shadow arrived and took his seat beside his companion. Immediately he noticed an obvious difference. “Ethan, what has occurred? Normal mornings you are too tired to sit up, but you are wide awake. Did you sleep at all or have a cup of coffee already?”
Ethan couldn’t hide his grin. “Nope. I did get two hours, but no coffee yet. Actually I had a bit of a surprise last night.”
“Oh?” The stallion smiled from Ethan’s bright energy. “Do tell.”
“Have you met the new Enchantress yet?” He asked first.
“I have not had the pleasure to do so yet.” Storm-shadow honestly said.
“She and Kanade are one and the same.”
The stallion prince was quiet as he contemplated before his dark eyes widened. “Wait… Kanade, you’ve not said that name often… not since you and Floa had that confrontation… I wondered, but didn’t wish to pry into an affair that upset you. Has the situation been rectified?”
“I’d say so, Storm.” Ethan grinned cheerfully. “Do you know much about Spirit Guide courtship?”
“The subject is familiar…” Then Storm-shadow’s eyes widened as things began falling in place. The Pegasai whinnied a hearty laugh, stomping a hoof on the floor loudly enough that a few heads turned. “Truly? You and a Spirit Guide are soul mates?”
“She told me last night.” Ethan then asked in a hushed tone. “Storm, could it be a trick?”
“No.” came a definitive answer. “Her kind cannot lie, just as they cannot harm. They can omit information or not answer, but if they tell you directly, there is no doubt. Did she tell you that you are her angel?”
“She did.”
“Then it completely explains why you aren’t like other biped males mounting every female who allows it. Your souls are locked together. I’m glad for you…”
“I hear a but coming.” Ethan interrupted.
“But” Storm-shadow chuckled and fluffed his wings playfully. “if she becomes a distraction it will only hinder you and the need for you is great… And do not make a fool of yourself and prance around like an untried colt to impress your filly. Disaster will befall fools.” The wisdom in that wasn’t lost.
“Got it. She said the same thing.”
“I did.” Came a chiming voice which had them turning.
Kanade had silently landed behind their table while their attention was on each other. Her presence drew all nearby attention as she didn’t have the fuzzy shroud the other Spirit Guides there had. Her corporeal and solid form had everyone realizing she was the Enchantress. Her wings shimmered almost as much as her faint glittery skin in the hall lighting.
Kanade smiled brightly and she wasn’t alone as Floa sat on her collarbone, like it was a sofa. The Pixie commented “I’m so glad you kids kissed and made up. Now I don’t have to hear you both complaining and sulking around… Ethan, you were better at hiding it.”
“Floa!” Kanade gasped. “Don’t embarrass me.”
“How long again have you known me, Girlfriend?” The Pixie tinkled a tiny laugh. “I’m not going to change. I’d be no fun if I did.” Kanade groaned.
“Fair morning, Enchantress. I am Storm-shadow.” The steed stood and turned around. “It is a pleasure.”
“Kanade, please.” She lightly corrected and looked slightly down into those critical eyes. “Floa has told me much of Ethan’s companion. I hope he has behaved and brought honor to your union?”
“He still has much to learn, but his progress is steady. Will you be sharing a meal with us?”
“If it isn’t an imposition?”
“Ugh, stop the formalities. They are so boring!” Floa half screamed and demanded as she jumped of Kanade’s bare collarbone with the flourish of an acrobat and flitted down to the ground where she clapped her hands and in an instant grew to five and a half feet tall. Her sharp white teeth were revealed in a grin. “Come and sit. I want to hear all about last night’s rendezvous. I’ve been itching for the scoop all night. Seeing how you both didn’t arrive together I’m guessing last night wasn’t steamy.” She got her answer as both of then flushed.
“Hello? Did I miss something?” Kira’s voice chimed in as she sauntered closer in an azure, strapless dress with matching heels. Her long brown hair was loose and tumbled down both her back and front in a way that still accentuated her bombshell figure and large bust. As always she was done up perfectly with makeup that highlighted her pouty lips, sharp cheekbones and large light green eyes.
“Great, another half dressed harlot. In my day a woman barely showed their ankles!” Ken commented, but went ignored.
“Ah, you must be Kira Penbrooke.” The Enchantress bent lower and offered her hand, hiding her jealousy. Kanade instantly disliked this short Witch who took provocatively clothed to the very limit. Kanade hated how this was the woman who had been constantly trying to bring Ethan into a naked embrace. Now that she finally got a close look she found her jealously was understated for this female was of perfect figure and immensely beautiful. Still, these foul thoughts were hid as she said “I’m Kanade Cerulean the First House’s new Enchantress. It’s a pleasure.”
Kira immediately recognized the name and her eyes darted from the giantess to the Elemental and noticed he seemed more relaxed and spirited, even meeting her gaze. He never looked so well and handsome at this hour and knew deep down that her territory had been violated. The Witch absently took the hand, noticing Kanade’s bare long legs that stopped at a pair of short jean shorts that hugged round hips. Her top was a backless white shirt that would be a dress on Kira and was made of delicate lace over a light green slip top. Her breasts seemed below average on such a tall body, but were larger than Kira’s double D’s. The wings were as perfect as her hair, sharing the same color. And Kira instantly resented Kanade for she didn’t wear even a hint of makeup because it wasn’t required. Kanade hadn’t one outward flaw. The two of them instantly despised one another and all could see the tension except the oblivious Ethan and most every other male watching. What was worse was the delicate, dainty southern belle accent that didn’t match such a tall woman. Kira smiled pleasantly though her green eyed monster reared its ugly head. “A pleasure, Kanade. Is there a reason the infamous Enchantress to graces us this morning? You come to also see the man who singlehandedly took down and Elf and saved a baby?”
Ken laughed, but then disappeared with a clap from Floa and stomped on his surface as she often does. She realized the book was about to make matters worse, and giving a little pain saved the nearby area. Floa didn’t say it, but every Pixie in the vicinity could taste the rise in magic and were ready to flee. “None of your remarks!” She stomped her bare heel on it.
The change, thanks to Floa’s actions, lowered the magic along with hostility between the two women.
“I didn’t know my view was bad enough to be infamous.” Kanade straightened, glancing at Ethan who seemed oblivious. Men didn’t see things as women. “What have I done that was so bad?”
Kira shook her head. “Poor choice of words on my part. Few have seen you is all. Many Casters want to speak with you, but you are either gone or locked in your room. My mother and cousins really wish to learn some new runes from an experienced Enchantress and are jealous. Now that I’ve got you, can you…”
“I’m sorry.” Kanade quickly held up her hands. “Many runes I use would kill mortals. The Spirit Energy required is immense and would break another species’ soul.”
“Can’t you just copy runes? I see them everywhere.”
Both Kanade and Kira looked at his puzzled expression. The Witch said “Just because runes can be seen doesn’t mean they can be duplicated. One rune could mean to lift a droplet of water while the same one for a different intent could petrify a mouse or make boils grow. It is the intent a Caster needs to understand to recreate a spell. Those like me can make a ball of light about the size of a beach ball, but her kind can make a skyscraper of light… and many of us do not believe we’ll die if we try their runes.”
“Believe it, Kira Penbrooke.” Heads turned toward an ancient pair. High Wizard and Witch Merlin and Morgane Le Fay walked hand in hand. Morgane looked lovely in a lavender flowing dress that showed off her youthful bosom and shoulders while flowing red hair and deep green eyes took them in. She had an air of ancient nobility about her. Merlin meanwhile looked as crazed as usual, his brown hair wild as his hazel eyes darted around like a kid with ADD who just had rock-candy and a liter of soda and chugged. The Wizard’s excitement seemed tempered only by his wife’s touch and serene energy. Morgane continued to say “I know the truth for both my mother and sister learned runes beyond their limit and fractured their souls. Few know, but Thor had to put them down so they could be taken to Spirit World to be repaired. I’ve seen the horror of a fractured soul and even after a four hundred years, my communion with them is still difficult. It took two centuries before they remembered my name and even now they are still being healed. If the Enchantress says no about runes, she has a reason.”
“Mr. Inferno!” Merlin shouted as if he just spotted Ethan standing beside Storm-shadow. “Just who I was looking for!” The Wizard moved quickly in a button-down vest and brown leather pants, not even realizing his wife’s declaration and the silence it caused for twenty feet while everyone living there came in for breakfast. Kira sighed for breath as her leader shifted her green eyes to her husband’s back. Merlin excitedly asked “I’d like to examine the Drone Odin told me about last night. We spoke in passing, but you didn’t answer. I also heard a Witch helped test some of its limits. Which Witch was it?”
“Me, High Wizard.” Kira said meekly and the crowd began dispersing under Storm-shadow’s penetrating stare.
“What’s your name again?” the crazed Wizard spun around in a smooth motion, showing deceptive strength in his lanky body. She gave her name and he looked blankly.
“Don’t mind him.” Morgane said when Kira looked hurt at the reaction. “Merlin isn’t good with names, especially when he gets like this.”
“How can you tell the difference?” Ethan chuckled and Morgane gave him a small smile.
“Centuries of being a devoted wife. Be thankful you weren’t around during Disco. Merlin wore some of the most outlandish material…”
“So can I see it! The Drone, I want to study it.” Merlin’s eyes retuned to Ethan’s and were both hilarious and a bit madman frightening.
Kanade stepped forward and placed a hand on the Wizards shoulder. He looked up as she said “The Drone in an ethereal combination of spiritual energy and fire. It attacks its target through all physical matter unimpeded. Even if a demon changed to a spirit form the Drone would still be capable of attacking. It is the second most lethal fire ability a Fire Elemental can create. Nothin’ can hide from it once released and gets faster the longer its hunting. Only an enchanter’s magic or that of greater dragons and upper class demons have a hope of blockin’ or resistin’, dependin’ by how much energy is contained in the sphere. It’s limits are only as great as the individual. It can only target objects and cannot just come out by command without said target fixed in the user’s mind. Once the target is reached the energy is instantly released. That is the capabilities of the Drone.”
“You sucked the fun out of months of experimenting!” He accused and a split second later he smiled and said “Thank you! Saved me some time you did!”
“Come, Love.” Morgane said and held out a hand. Merlin half bounced over, took it and they walked away without another word.
Floa giggled while her foot kept grinding into Ken who was both in pain and cursing. “Interesting pair they make. Merlin hasn’t changed. You handled him like a pro. You were listening to my stories, Girlfriend. You hit every one of his intellectual questions and satisfied them. Good work.”
“Kanade,” Ethan began and watched as Kira moved to sit down so she could go over what just happened. Her own mind needed sorting and got like this sometimes when she was working out a solution. “where did all that information come from? Did your powers sense all that last night?”
She shook her head, but before she could answer Cook started popping up all over the place. “We better take our seats.”
They sat together, Floa to Ethan’s left and Kanade to the right. Beside the Pixie sat Kira and then Storm-shadow. Cook’s eye widened as her mouth-less voice said “Kanade, well this is a surprise.” at the same time she was also in front of Ethan asking “What’ll it be, Hon?”
“Yes, I’m intendin’ to eat with everyone else startin’ today.” Kanade surprised Ethan as beneath the table she wound her hand with his as if it were the most natural thing in her life, like breathing. He too held her hand possessively. “May I have a dozen eggs, bowl of grits, four ham steaks, crispy bacon and a pitcher of orange juice with pulp.”
“Coming right up.” Cook dropped to a large plate and a second later was breakfast.
“Hungry?” Ethan asked with a grin.
“Girl has to eat.” She returned with mirth dancing in her eyes.
“Alright then… Cook, same order for me, but give me the usual portions.”
“Pastry?” the floating eyes looked between them.
“None for me.” He said as she added “Me either.” In a moment his meal looked like hers, only smaller with four eggs, two ham steaks, half her bowl’s size with similar crispy bacon. She bid farewell and vanished.
Then Ethan went for the fork and stopped as he realized he held Kanade’s hand. She too looked at the intimate threading of their hands with surprise before both smiled. Knowing he’s right handed, she let go, but instantly missed the connection. To busy herself she began to eat with gusto, but with proper table manners. Ethan ate much the same and realized she had also been raised well at mealtimes. Halfway through her meal Ethan finished and made sure his hand claimed hers. She smiled in gratification and finished in three more minutes.
Afterwards she returned to the earlier question. “No, my senses only told me how powerful the Drone is.” His attention, as well as everyone at the table turned to listen. “I learned of a Fire Elemental’s powers from another Guide who once watched over King Solomon himself. I prepared myself as thoroughly as possible.”
“For what?” Kira asked.
Kanade knew it was underhanded, but couldn’t stop herself. She had to let this other woman know her place. “To be with my angel.”
Kira choked as she chose that moment to take a drink and a passing Pixie ran headfirst into a pillar, also overhearing the declaration. The powerful Witch recovered with Floa patting her back and looked between them and noticed their hands for a moment when the Pixie leaned back to make sure all was well. “You cannot be serious? Spirit Guides never…”
“Fate himself clarified it for me.” That finalized it and Kanade enjoyed her opponent’s newfound discomfort and contempt. Her tone was so casual Ethan again didn’t notice. “As I was sayin’, I learned of your predecessor’s techniques over fire. You call it a Drone, he called it a Chaser. It is a nearly unstoppable weapon and can strike flesh as well as spirit.”
Ethan accepted she knew what she spoke of and now that he also knew she cannot lie, sold it. “I remember you said it’s the second most lethal weapon, what’s the first?”
His angel shook her head, making her natural blue hair sway with the motion. “Nope, not goin’ to happen. You are goin’ to have to learn it on your own. Let’s just say it’ll make your drone look like a Pomeranian to a Great Dane.”
“That’s quite an ominous picture your painting, Girlfriend.” Floa licked the nectar from her lips. Nectar being the only food a Pixie eats. “If a Drone can attack through anything, this other skill must be indeed impressive.”
“Saw the memory myself.” She boasted. “I’ve never seen a rival survive it. It’s the reason King Solomon died naturally and survived against a whole demon army alone. Just his name sent demons away with their tails between their legs.”
“Those that have a tail.” Floa corrected and got a laugh for it.
“So, Kanade, where have you been? Why haven’t you been helping Ethan? I thought mated Guides were practically inseparable.”
This time Ethan heard the underlying hostility in Kira’s tone and spoke first. “She had her reasons.” His tone was calm and he struggled not to growl when the snide comment was directed at his favorite person. “If our positions were reversed, I likely would have done similarly. It did have an effect. I lost some weight, grew slightly stronger and could focus on my masters. Kanade also wanted me to be sure I thanked you for helping me out. She actually won’t say it, but she is also grateful you filled me in on things I didn’t know in regards to casters and what runes to keep well away from.”
He felt Kanade flinch imperceptivity and her grip on his hand tightened painfully. Floa rolled her eyes at his stupidity and Storm-shadow was a silent watcher. Kira though was flabbergasted. “Really?” She asked the Enchantress.
Kanade felt Ethan squeeze her hand and knew it was meant as reassurance. Mentally she tried to deny his attempt at trying to make them friends, but deep down there was truth. When she realized he was right Kanade grudgingly responded. “Yes, it’s true. You have my thanks for takin’ care of him when I couldn’t. You have a big heart and I know Ethan isn’t the easiest person to get through to. His mind is quick and he so easily assumes and makes mistakes. I’m glad he has you to call a friend. I hope one day we too can understand one another.”
“You kids are too tame!” Ken added. “Where’s the blood? The hatred? The jealousy? The catfights in mud!”
“Shut up you!” Floa stomped and grew a satisfied smile at causing pain.
“Kira, aren’t you afraid she’ll hurt your book?” Kanade asked.
The Witch smiled. “Not slightly. He deserves it and won’t change. I think he has a pain fetish. Floa likes to hurt him almost as much as I do.” Then she added as the Pixie giggled. “Only Ethan has ever really caused damage to the bigot. Ethan’s threats are the only things that shut him up.”
A moment later Storm-shadow’s ruby caught Kanade’s eye. “I sense power from the gem. What can it do?”
“Just five things. Two create a different saddle for Ethan. One silences any sounds I might make, allows me to breathe underwater and the final protects me from fire. Many Pegesai have similar protection.” The prince explained. “The first saddle is for casual flights, but the second is for combat. He adapts well and so far he has a strong stomach. Many bipeds retch from heights, but he enjoys flying with me. My choice for a rider being an Elemental was correct. He is a sturdy individual.”
“I too have found he doesn’t fear heights.” Kanade commented.
“Heights aren’t the problem. It the ground you need to worry about.” Ethan said and enjoyed how her soft thumb stroked his hand. He never wanted to let go. He too knew she was the one for his heart had never quickened for any woman at just a simple smile so powerfully before.
“If only you wouldn’t fear water.” Kira said.
This was news to his angel. “You have an aversion to water? Why?”
“Don’t really want to talk about it right now.” He said in a low tone.
None pushed it further.
“So, Kanade, what happened last night? I’m guessing he didn’t know a thing about you till after dinner. From the tension you two still have, you obviously didn’t ride him like there was no tomorrow.” Kira not too subtly said with a wink and laughed as the pair week beet red.
“Uh… No, we still know so little of each other.” Came the Enchantress’s quiet answer before grabbing her drink and taking a much needed gulp of the citrusy liquid.
“Ah the innocence of untried youth.” Floa giggled. “I still remember my first mate. He was a handsome Gargoyle who knocked me up the first try and he gave me two beautiful daughters. He was tender as far as Gargoyles go.
“Geeze, Floa how many kids do you have?” Ethan asked.
“Seven hundred and ninety four with another on the way.” She proudly crooned even though she looked eighteen at most and had a firm figure. Ethan’s eyes could only bulge as his tongue refused to work.
“You’re pregnant!” Kanade asked in surprise.
“Yep.” Floa rubbed her taut belly and grinned brightly. “Found out when I woke up in bed with Odin this morning. His seed fertilized my field again. This will be our eleventh together. My power is slightly off and after a hundred babies you just know when you get pregnant. Odin is also happy. In a few weeks I’ll lay our cocoon and wait till it emerges.”
Kanade nearly glowed as she got up to pick her friend up and give a hug. “Congratulations.” Floa simply giggled.
From then on everyone was more focused on the Pixie’s new life that took root in her womb and she enjoyed all the attention.

When it was ten minutes till eight they all put away their dishes. Kira had been quietly plotting something, but Ethan didn’t say anything when he caught her calculating eyes on him. He smiled in a friendly way and she forced it back to not seem rude. But then she told the group “I’ve got to head out. A few matters need my attention that cannot wait. See you lads tomorrow.”
“Nice meeting you Kira.”
“Same to you, Kanade.” The Witch said tersely, picked up her annoying tome and sauntered away.
“I also need to go. My daughters and sons need to know another sibling is on the way.” Floa clapped and returned to her natural size and flew off.
Outside, Blake was just coming out of his meditation when they arrived. “So rumors are true.” The Naga said as he strapped his blades to his body.
“Which one?” Storm-shadow asked.
Blake’s eyes took the three of them in. “The Enchantress and Ethan are mates.”
“Words spreads fast around here huh?” Ethan said with a sigh.
“That and I can see how more relaxed you are with her so near.” Blake stepped forward and cocked his head. “Only soul mates bring out such a reaction… Female, why are you here? Ethan will not focus. Even I cannot focus with my soul mate near.”
“Hello, I’m Kanade, Blademaster Blake. I know this is unorthodox, but I have a feelin’ Ethan will surprise us all.”
“How so?” His earthy scales shone almost as much as her glittering skin.
“Ethan didn’t have much of an incentive before and all warriors need somethin’ to strive for. Since Nagai do not train multiple students so a healthy rivalry can push them further and faster in this art, Ethan has promised to do better than before.”
“Should he not?” Blake’s claws clicked on the black katana sheath.
“I won’t get any opportunities to spend time with her.”
The Naga warrior hissed a laugh and slapped his knee. “Such is the way of females. Even my own mate won’t let me in our room if I do not exceed her expectations. Very well, you may oversee his training and I expect you to uphold this offer should his focus diminish even slightly from his usual effort.”
Kanade tilted her head in acceptance.
“Then to commemorate a change, Ethan, remove your shoes and begin running alone. If I catch you, the Enchantress leaves immediately. I suggest you begin.”
Immediately he removed his boots and socks without even a chance to stretch. His bare feet became a blur as he charged down the path he’d run for weeks on. Without the weights on his arms and legs he noticed an immediate increase in overall speed. Hearing how Kanade truly wanted him and thought fondly on his behalf by wanting him to be better prepared had removed weight from his heart, making it soar. And wanting to show her the results of all he had endured made him fly across the ground, each step sending dry dirt up behind. Threat of failing and not being near her pushed him to limits he didn’t know. He didn’t even notice his breathing change till he reached the north side of the castle. Usually he would already be gulping down air, but he controlled his breathing as was taught.
Around the third corner was when he saw Blake’s pearly white underbelly and broad chest. The determined glint in his slit eyes were set to capture him. Not today! Ethan thought and stared ahead on the path, adrenaline adding an extra jolt as a growl of determination ripped from his chest.
Blake saw the change in Ethan’s stride go from a trained human’s run into something more lithe and graceful which put on a tremendous burst of speed. He had intentionally chosen a pace to give chase, but the level of focus that overcame his student was vastly impressive. Blake felt his own blood begin to stir as his student made the challenge finally worth something and his own scaly feet became faster. The Naga wanted to see just how far he could push this man now that he found the proper incentive. And as his ear holes picked up Ethan’s now familiar growl, Blake hissed while grinning. His tail whipped with excitement.
Blake watched as they passed the front to find Kanade and Storm-shadow watching them. Storm-shadow’s jaw hung as both he and Blake realized Ethan had never been so quick. And Ethan’s focus was so great on not being captured that he didn’t even realize he passed Kanade for his pace didn’t slow. As the Naga passed the pair, he shrugged and said “Kanade, you are welcome to make him show this level of effort any day. I thought he was determined before! Who knew you were his muse!” and his words didn’t reach the runner.
Storm-shadow looked into the Enchantress’s eyes to say “Normally Ethan by now would need a moment to recover. Kanade, is it just me or does Ethan resemble the proper running technique the Olympic bipeds use?”
“I saw it too. He’s tirin’ quickly, but his run is ideal. Blake is an excellent teacher. Let’s fly and see how much longer he can last.”
“No.” The stallion said. “This is Blake’s method. If Ethan looked over his shoulder and sees us fly and falters, his efforts will be futile. Even for humans, the level of focus won’t last long.”
On the northern side of the castle again all Ethan’s energy was spent. His second wind gone a half mile ago. The difficult run accumulated and angry muscles demanded him stop. Unable to resist another step his knees buckled, but managed to fall off the path and into dry grass. His chest rose and fell rapidly and sweat poured from every pore and stung his eyes.
The shadow of Blake covered his head and even the Naga had begun to breathe heavily. “These results are better than I expected. Now that I know it can be done, you will put in more effort each day. You seem the type that can show off to a mate and do better because of it. Many choke, but you thrive. When you can stand, we will continue.”
His breathing was so heavy he couldn’t respond. Ethan took a minute and a half before rising and took off at a jog. He couldn’t return to the earlier stride, but he forced himself to continue.
It took twenty more minutes to spot them and as Ethan could see her welcoming smile his legs gave out again. Worry flashed across her features and she couldn’t resist gliding to him. “Ethan?” she tilted his head up.
“Water.” He asked hoarsely.
Blake quickly found his bag and pulled out two bottles of water. He tossed one and Kanade caught it before handing it over. Ethan unscrewed the metal cap and gulped the tepid water greedily. It felt good going down and he had gotten used to the warm water. Cold water wasn’t good on an overheated system. When it was empty he smiled and fell flat on his back. “For some reason that actually felt good.” His angel laughed and stood.
“Endorphins and adrenaline.” Blake said as he too finished his drink. “Besides sex and battle, exercise is addictive. It keeps you healthy and fit, but too much isn’t good… Now we spar before your body gets stiff.”
Ethan grunted, but recovered enough to stand.

It wasn’t too long later that Ethan and Blake stood in the sand pit with wooden swords. Kanade, Storm-shadow and several new spectators watched from outside the sand eagerly. Some wanted to watch the most recent celebrity and hero in action.
As soon as Ethan took a stance Blake began his attack. Ethan blocked the strike and kicked sand from his boots, but the Naga countered with a three knuckle punch with a fist and bones larger than any human. Ethan couldn’t avoid the punch entirely, but by leaning back it reduced the trauma. Wood smacked furiously together and Ethan still wasn’t anywhere near adept to avoid the master. The exchange lasted seconds and each attack left one new point of pain on the Elemental. Thankfully his face came out unscathed.
With Kanade watching, Ethan wanted to show he wasn’t nearly as pathetic as he was when they first parted. It narrowed his focus and fed it to push his own limits further and further. Pain didn’t hurt half as bad. Ethan growled and roared, much to the crowd’s amusement, but he was in control of all faculties except that odd habit. The crowd clapped and cheered both on, especially when a skillful move was executed. Still, not one strike, landed cleanly on the master. Blake still held back and everyone knew it, but Ethan’s determination made him recognized as a quick learner. No two consecutive moves were ever unleashed without being blocked.
For two and a half hours they battled, neither relenting. Ethan learned rapidly without explanation. Blake had been right, experience was key to learning, as was pain. And with Kanade there, his skills leapt while his body tired.
In a surprising final move, Ethan dodged the troublesome tail, stepped on it and brought down the wood sword with both hands. Blake was a fraction too slow and with his tail captured he was caught off balance and watched as the sword was bought down on his foot. There was a loud ‘twack!’ before the Naga felt pain and gasped before pulling away and jerking his tail back.
Then came the noon chime. Everyone was stunned into silence, none more so than Ethan. And the knowledge of what occurred sunk in. “Blake, I’m sorry.”
“For what?” The Naga favored the sore foot slightly. “If it were a real sword I would have lost the foot for a week. The move was well timed. There might be hope for you after all. Shower, eat and return for meditation.” Blake limped away and put the wooden sword in its training stand.
Storm-shadow was stoked, Ethan figured as the stallion nearly pranced. “Wondrous move! Few can land such a blow, Ethan. Well done, My Friend.”
Kanade was so proud of the accomplishment, hating every time he was hit, but proud nonetheless. She smiled and it was all he needed. She laughed as he opened his arms saying “Where’s my reward?”
“You’re all sweaty and covered in dirt, Ethan! And it stinks. Maybe after you hit the showers.” She said it, but she found herself drawn to how good he did smell to her. She squeaked when he ran at her and leapt with a flap of her wings to land on the pavilion roof. Out of arm’s reach.
The crowd laughed at the entertainment and horror on her face.
“I see how it is.” Ethan chuckled. “Don’t you like dirty boys?”
“Just go wash off or you can forget about the reward!”
“Fine fine.” He walked over to the shower stalls and let the water clean him off.
As he dripped out of the stall his coloring reddened and all the water steamed off, a trick he learned last week that dried instantly. Kanade waited near there, brushed his hair with her fingers and smiled tenderly. “As promised.” She bent down and gave him a well deserved kiss. It was quick, but greatly enjoyed. “I’m proud of how far you’ve come. Watchin’ from a distance wasn’t at all the same. People are seein’ now what I’ve known since first we met.”
“And that would be?”
“A good man worthy to be near for he is destined for greatness.” She claimed his hand. “Come, let us go eat.”
The three of them walked back to enjoy some lunch. Storm-shadow, along the way, gave tips and comments that were welcome in regards to all the attacks he had watched closely.
After lunch they spent another hour and a half meditating, but this time Kanade joined in, wanting to learn the art of mental discipline herself. For once Ethan felt at peace and achieved a proper state of mind with her very presence.

“Enough for today.” Blake said and left without another word as he always had.
“Ethan, Kanade, I too must depart.” Storm-shadow spoke as the pair stood. “Star-bolt and I will be leaving for the remainder of the day…”
“Date-night again?” Ethan asked.
“It is Thursday.” Storm-shadow confirmed. “It’s our only day together that Queen Gra and her Amazons aren’t taking all the mares on patrol. You should be safe without me for a few hours.” And then he winked before trotting off.
“What would you like to do for the next four hours?” Ethan asked.
“Spend quality time with you of course. Care to do that in my room?” Kanade hoped for a positive answer.
“I’d love to. You’re my girl after all.”
“That I am.” Kanade smiled so brightly her cheeks hurt. “Flying will be quicker. Or would you rather walk.”
“What do you think?”
“That you want to embrace me as much as I do and cop a feel.” She knew it was true as she said it.
“Bingo!” He wrapped his sore right arm around her back just as her left gripped him. They knelt together and jumped as her wings flapped downward and took off straight up.
The rush of wind felt good as her cinnamon scent surrounded him. In moments she cleared the castle’s roof and glided forward over the nursery of trees and baby Nymphs that hadn’t sprouted yet. A dozen Centaur and Ogre patrolled relentlessly around the roof, vigilant protectors of the young along with all Nymph mothers who watched over their seeds. Kanade made sure the flight was slow towards the lone, large tower in the heart of the Castle.
Eventually she angled towards the tower’s fifth of six tower floors which all had grand balconies used for landing and serve as a strategic defense should danger come from the sky. She flew to her balcony on the north side and effortlessly landed.
More runes framed a large iron door even a Centaur could walk through sideways. It was shut, but as he pulled his arm back Kanade stepped forward and laid a hand on a specific rune that looked similar to a starburst with a spiraling line in its heart. The moment she touched it the rune flashed blue and the door swung outwards on silent hinges. She returned and intentionally claimed Ethan’s hands with a giddy bounce to her step. “I’ve never had a boyfriend, but this is my room.”
Inside Ethan vaguely remembered it from yesterday. Like his own room, this one was spacious with a fifteen foot ceiling and plenty of room to hold a party up to about fifty people without feeling crowded. On one wall held an sixty inch HD TV with a DVR and DVD hooked up. Shelves surrounded the TV and were filled with hundreds and hundreds of movies. In front of the TV was the supersized sofa with a fifteen foot long arrangement and was four and a half to five feet deep and made of a rusty color leather. In the corner was her bed, one large enough for her to stretch out and was just as large as his. It was covered in a lavender bed sheet with six large pillows at its head. On the nightstand was a thick book with a glass of water and beside it was a fireplace, not currently in use. Beside the door, in a corner at an angle, was Dress grinning from ear to ear. He broke the silence. “Well isn’t this romantic. Flying in through the air, holding one another. Hmmm,” The cabinet hummed. “young love.”
Kanade had forgotten about him and flushed. “Dress, we wish for total privacy till supper.”
“Very well, Spoilsport.” Dress said with a wink and his large golden face and eyes faded completely away. The knobs were now ivory white and mahogany wood grains looked proper.
“Wow, how did you do that?!” Ethan asked, shocked. “Could Dress always do that, leave I mean?”
Kanade gave him an ‘Are you serious?’ look. “Did you not know that you can ask or order him for total privacy?” He shook his head. “Well now you know. Though Dress doesn’t sleep, he can inhabit closets and leave so long as you give him a timeframe on when to return. He will respect a person’s privacy, but if away you will be unable to retrieve a new wardrobe without goin’ to another resident’s room and speak to him there.”
“Seems I’m going to need to have a chat with him. He neglected that bit of information. Good to know. Now I can sleep more easily.”
“Do you find it difficult to sleep?” Kanade asked as she led him to the couch and together they got comfortable.
The leather was soft and felt great on his sore body. “I do because I prefer to sleep in the nude. Having a gay closet who doesn’t sleep and likes watching TV all night long is a difficult roommate to have. Dress likes to tease, but he has a good heart… and I hate to admit it, but the man sure knows how to make stylish clothes.”
“That he does. He made me a new bra and panties this mornin’ and picked out this shirt and shorts.” When she realized what she said her cheeks reddened.
Ethan grinned. “I know. Red lace. It surprised me.”
“Oh, this is embarrassin’.” Her wings shook and her blue hair tried bashfully covering her features.
“Don’t be. When you bent over and I saw the classy thong. I liked it. Personally, I didn’t expect Spirit Guides to wear something so sexy.”
“Dress did say he knew you’d like it if you found out. And I’m a woman, why wouldn’t I want to warm the blood of my angel.”
Ethan laughed. “Isn’t that a bit dangerous? I’m a Fire Elemental after all. Didn’t your parents tell you not to play with fire?”
“Perhaps I didn’t listen. Can’t help that my angel can’t take the heat.”
One of his dark auburn eyebrows raised. “I’m immune to fire, Beautiful. I can take anything you can throw my way.”
“We’ll see soon enough.” Her molten gold eyes twinkled as her rosy cheeks darkened more. She even felt her nipples hardening and tried shifting topic. “Ethan, you seem to have recovered from last night’s revelation… I… I want to hear how you are takin’ it…”
He took her slightly trembling hands in his. Now that they were close and alone Kanade noticed Ethan’s eyes weren’t entirely grey, he had several rusty specks hidden inside. He then gave her another smile that reached his eyes. “Kanade, all you told me last night wasn’t too hard to deny. I felt an instant connection, but now I can understand why I’ve reacted this way. I’ve dreamt of you every time my eyes closed. Never has any girl done that. Your eyes. Your lips. Your smile. Your soft spoken voice and accent. I remember it all. When we touched you felt right.
“I was torn up inside and threw myself into my work after you left. I hated how my fantasies involved a woman who I could never have. An actual angel, in my mind, and a human couldn’t be together. It was impossible, but still I yearned. Before you I would admire a woman’s body like every other guy, searching for one who would love me totally. When I got here I was bombarded by women who wanted me, but I couldn’t respond to their attentions as I would have. I now know my heart was already given away. Deep down I knew you were all I would want, will ever want. I told others I was flattered, but always said no.
“And then last night… well… was a surprise. You called me your husband, Kanade, in your culture, are we actually married?”
Slowly, she nodded while chewing her bottom lip. “Yes. The moment we kissed and I could taste my own power, we were wed down to our very souls. But till we are truly joined my desires are manageable. I am your wife, soul mate, lover, best friend, confidant, mother of your future children and angel. I cannot lie about this. For my kind to find their soul mate there is no lavish ceremony, weddin’ in front of family and friends. Nothin’ can break the bond we share forever, not even time. When we kissed was all the ceremony needed.”
“Are you ok with all of this? I mean, I’m just a human…”
“Ethan, do not think that way. Do not think I want another.” She leaned forward and kissed him slowly. When she pulled back she said. “I’ve never told anyone this, no one.” She said clearly. “But I’ve always known my soul mate wasn’t Spirit Guide or Enforcer. My dreams were of a faceless, but beautiful bearded man cloaked in red. No Guide or Enforcer has body hair except on their head or eyebrows and wouldn’t ever wear red unless they were born with such colorin’. Celestial beings usually wear gold and only mortals would wear red. And now that I see you here, I know my dreams were right. Furthermore, now that I have a mortal body and a beatin’ heart again, I can feel much more deeply. Ethan you are what I want and need. So long as we live, I have no regrets. I’m truly happy.”
“Prove it.”
“Kiss me.” She whispered and felt his hands wrap around her waist and his lips tenderly pressed against hers. Her wings instinctively and intimately surrounded them together. Her hands wove through his hair and pulled him closer. She felt her head begin to swim and noticed he was pushing her back. She went willingly, not wanting to resist. She enjoyed how he took control and how tender he was at the same time. She submitted to his power, unable to resist her angel’s love for her. They found each other and wouldn’t be separated. He kissed her and his hand went to her breast. She gasped and arched her back. He went to pull away, but she said “Don’t. Here.” and took his hand in hers and pushed it under her shirt and bra so she could feel him touch her bare breast. “Do you like them?” She shivered in pleasure as he caressed her nipple and was delighted as he rumbled a growl deep in his chest. She then kissed him again, enjoying how great he could make her feel. “Ethan, if we don’t stop” she gasped again. “we won’t leave my room at all.”
“Sorry.” He took his hand out from under her shirt and she realized her own hands were under his as well, enjoying the feel of his firm, hairy chest, coarse yet soft and erotic.
Her cocooning wings opened as he propped on her side, pinning a wing down, but she enjoyed how his body molded with hers. “Don’t be.” She stroked his hair out of his eyes and along his jaw. “That was amazin’ and beautiful. I’ve never felt so womanly and loved. I truly wish to have you in me, My Angel, but our duties are more important at this time than personal pleasure. Very soon though I want that experience. I’m glad you are not the pressurin’ type.”
“You’re worth it.” Is all he needed to say.
She turned on her side and enveloped him in her wings. He stroked them and all were softer than velvet and she warned “Ethan, don’t do that if you don’t want me to sleep. Stroking my wings will do that. They are very sensitive. And I do not wish to be in a compromisin’, vulnerable state with a man who wants me so badly.” She giggled and wrapped her arms around him. “Not that I’d mind too much.”
“I wouldn’t…”
“I know.” She got more comfortable after giving another kiss she couldn’t get enough of. She was already addicted. “Ethan, I want to know more about you. Tell me your history.”
“Couldn’t you just flick your wrist or snap your fingers and read my life?”
Kanade shook her head. “Not anymore. When I took mortal form I lost many abilities my spirit form is capable of. I’m no longer a Spirit Guide. I’m an Enchantress. I can no longer suck in souls for safe keepin’ or read Fate’s plan, but now I can feel my emotions more deeply, touch objects without magic, feel sensations a spirit cannot, feel my heart beatin’, have fatigue, need to eat… and be with you again. Ethan I want to learn about my angel’s life from him, not read it.”
“So you’ve given up a lot huh?”
“No, I’ve gained more.” He had to smile at that answer.
“Alright, but I want to know more about you too.” She nodded eagerly. “Well thirty years ago my mom had me through a cesarean section, because she was already a quadriplegic due to a car accident when she was a teen. I weighed eight pound, eight and a half ounces. I was her first. My brother Billy came a year after, but six weeks after my brother was born my dad just took off on my mom.” His tone turned bitter. “My grandparents took care of my mom and us till I got big enough to help out. When I was thirteen I was curious about tracking my dad down, but found he died in a hiking accident with a new wife he had cheated with on my Mom, ten years prior. Can’t say he didn’t deserve it, but I never told my mom, she still loved him and didn’t know the real reason he left her, but still suspected. My mom hated being a quad, but she was the strongest person I ever knew. She was always so quiet and even tempered, which I emulated because I was always so angry and hot headed as a kid. I never got into a fight before, but I always had anger issues. For my mom though, I hid it like she did the pain of her hard life…”
“What’s a quad?” Kanade asked softly.
“Short for quadriplegic. My mom was paralyzed entirely from the chest down. She was able to breathe under her own power, but only her left arm worked enough to drive her chair and she could manage to hold a fork or spoon to feed herself.” He explained. “She was beautiful, had auburn hair like me and sterling silver eyes. Billy’s black hair he got from my grandfather.
“I grew up helping my mom while Billy became distant and in high school started doing drugs and drinking, partying like crazy and snidely blaming me and our mother for his own shortcomings.
“I graduated with honors and went to Florida State University to later receive my Masters in business with a minor in art while my grandparents looked after mom and Billy went somewhere.
“Then five years ago I lost my mom. I was driving us down I-4 from her book club meeting one night when a drunk fell asleep behind a wheel. Before I could react he ran us off the road. We hit the ditch at seventy five miles an hour and careened straight for the trees. It all happened so fast, but we crashed into a tree.” Ethan swallowed as the memory returned, but didn’t stop. “I awoke in the hospital with only a concussion and a cut on the cheek from a shard of glass, but my mom wasn’t so lucky. A tree branch pierced the windshield and pierced her heart. Doctors said that she didn’t feel anything, especially with the paralysis. Since then I’ve never driven and will never drive a car again.”
“I’m sorry Ethan, but you can know with certainty that your mother’s soul is in the Endless Gardens with your grandparents. I do know that much. I’ve spoken with them. Your relatives have vibrant spirits.”
“Really?” He drew back and sat up.
Kanade also sat properly and fixed her top. “Yes. The three of them are all proud of you. I had to meet future my husband’s family and I can tell you they love me already and they wish us the very best, especially Lori, your mother. As for Daniel, your father, Lori’s spirit was stronger than his and his actions brought him to the Isle of Regret with that woman who was also married to another at the time.”
Ethan deflated. “I’m glad they are together and he got what was deserved. Thank you for that, Kanade, but you said you didn’t know my past.”
“You’re welcome and I wasn’t lyin’. Lori and you grandparents spoke fondly of you and wanted to know of me, but I made it clear they were to say nothin’ of your life. They didn’t. Now it’s my turn.” Kanade took his hand and threaded her baby soft fingers with his. “Twenty nine Earth years ago…”
“Earth years?”
“Oh Ethan…” Kanade laughed. “Earth isn’t the only mortal world that has life. Other worlds, millions of them, have strange and wondrous beings even beyond your imagination. Many are neutral, like humans and Thunderbirds. Do you really think Nagai or Centaur originate from Earth? Think again. They have their own worlds.” She enjoyed his expression and wide eyes. “When I say Earth years, different planets have different calendars. Time is the same, but is counted differently. Only Demon and Spirit World are a realm with endless space.
“Back to what I was sayin’, twenty nine Earth years ago I hatched from my egg. The Cerulean family is the third largest of all Spirit Guide clans. Mated pairs decide which family they wish to belong to. My family consists of ten thousand eight hundred and four… which now includes you. My ancestral grandmother already counts you as my mate of the family.”
“Since I’m not a winged spiritual being that already has a family you mean?”
“Good, you do understand.” He loved making her smile. “After I hatched my maturity is much like every other human female except I stopped aging at twenty one and I don’t menstruate.”
“Glad to hear it.” Ethan joked and received a slight slap on the arm.
“Behave you!” She laughed in a musical way. “We’ll have time to banter later.” Kanade shook, trying not to continue laughing. “After I hatched my parents rejoiced. At three I began learnin’ runes and how to fly unaided. At nine I learned all children needed to pick a world in which help’s Order. I chose the one in Alabama because I liked how all the girls talked and became an Enchantress. I loved helpin’ out and makin’ things last longer. My powers grew steadily till my eighteenth year in which I was strong enough to protect and deliver souls to Spirit World.” She then pointed to her movie collection. “I know your hobby is in comics and games, but my favorites are the old classics. Slapstick mostly, like the Three Stooges or the Addams Family. Black and white only for those. I’m also a sap for romance movies.” Ethan groaned. “Sorry, you’re stuck with a real woman. If you are my man you’ll learn to love it… Especially if you want a piece of this.” She gestured to herself.
“Kanade, it’s not just a piece I want. I want all of you. If that means suffering through a few movies, I can handle it. You just better be prepared for what I’ll do…” Then his eyes widened as he realized a detail he missed. “Uh, I know this is wrong on so many levels, but I need to know… Is… a… do we combine like other couples. It’s not like you lay eggs like a salmon and I have to uh…”
The Enchantress laughed out loud. “No, did you not just hear me say I’m just like every other woman? Ethan, we will be together like any other couple, in every way. My part A will take in your part B. I’ve got a vagina. The only difference is that one day I will lay a single white egg larger than an ostrich’s from our union. It will be a long time before that occurs most likely. The benefit of layin’ a precious egg is all the practice I’m looking forward to.”
“Then will it be like it is between the female races like Nymphs and Pixies who daughters stay like mothers, but sons reflect their father? Oh and would it have a mortal or spirit form?”
“Our future children will take after me without doubt for my matriarch’s children all took after her regardless to sex rather than the Thunderbird king. If I have this physical body when I lay, our offspring will have a physical body. Similarly would occur without. My more dominant genes will determine a winged child. Are you disappointed?”
“Not at all. Just knowing any child of ours is a result of my feelings for you. They will be beautiful.”
“Stop. I told you I’m a sap for romance.” Tears began stinging her eyes, but hadn’t spilt. “Keep this up and I won’t be responsible for my actions.”
“Okay… then would you like to watch a movie? If we don’t I can guarantee it will only get harder. You felt how I did yesterday about you. It stronger now and if I don’t have a distraction soon my libido will find a release with you.”
“Same here. Now I understand why my parents can’t keep their hands of each other… the drive to mate is stronger every passin’ moment. Already I want to tear your clothes off… You’re right. I too need a distraction, badly.” Kanade stood quickly and walked over to her collection on the wall. “No. Romance will only make things worse.” She mumbled to herself. “No. No… Ah, this will work. Bewitched sound good?”
“Kind of ironic don’t you think? A woman able to cast spells while her love interest is mortal.” He grinned. “All we need is Merlin to dress in drag and play the crazed aunt.”
Hand instantly over her mouth, Kanade laughed. “Never thought of it like that…” She giggled again as she imaged the odd wizard cross-dressing. “Yes or no?”
“Sure. Haven’t seen an episode since I was a little kid.”
She popped out the first disc in the slot in the TV’s side and sauntered back. Ethan already had the remote in hand and selected the pilot episode by the time she sat. He then took her hand as she sat with her thigh up against his. For comfort he leaned forward so her wing could spread, but then she wrapped the downy feathers around him. Then the movie began.
After the first half hour ended Kanade went to ask him something, but stopped when she saw his eyes closed and head on her shoulder, but his grip on her remained. Secretly she lifted his shirt as she had just remembered the punishment he endured and swallowed a lump. Most of his torso was discolored with bruises, new and old. He had been pushing himself so hard she worried if it was too much, but was so proud of the man that belonged only to her. She gently covered him and kissed his head. “Sleep well, My Angel. I’ll not let you go ever again.”

He woke up for dinner and Kanade wasn’t mad he fell asleep. Only Floa joined them for dinner and then he had to go work. Kanade also had her own duties.
Celestia was quiet, but saw Ethan became more energetic and worked harder than before. That night he couldn’t go visit Kanade for no weapons were ready. Dress informed she was already asleep. He stayed the night.
In the morning everyone chatted together. Ethan ran a quarter mile more than the previous day, but for the combat lesson he didn’t get a repeat performance by landing a blow.
As another time of meditation ended and Blake was on his way out Kira and a much younger version of her approached. “Lads, this is my little sister Minna.” The girl looked maybe eight.
“Hello!” the bright green eyed child Witch looked at all of them. Minna looked up at the winged lady. “Enchantress Kanade, may I talk with you?”
“Of course, Darlin’.” Kanade knelt. “What about?”
“Spirit World and magic.” Minna adorably said in a black and green dress.
“Of course you can.” The Enchantress willingly allowed.
Meanwhile Kira secretly began casting subtle runes that shifted perception and blocked sound. When it was crafted and properly maintained Kira looked to Ethan, watching their interaction. “Ethan, could I borrow you for a moment? I need help carrying a few things.”
“Sure. Be right back Kanade.” He said but didn’t get acknowledged.
Kira headed across the drawbridge with the Elemental beside her and pulled out a vial from her sleeve. She looked at him and said “I’ve got a potion for you?”
“Really?” He asked. “What for?”
Quick thinking had her say “So you can safely touch my things. I don’t want to hurt you any more than the beatings you receive daily.” She held out the clear vial.
“Thanks.” He took the mouthful trustingly. Immediately as it hit his stomach there was a moment of disorientation. “Kir…” He stopped and blinked. “Kanade? Where’d Kira go?”
“Oh, Kira had to take Minna to her mother, but she told me what needs done.” Kanade’s image said and sounded just like her, but in reality was Kira herself. She smiled winningly and led Ethan to her bedroom.
He followed, unable to differentiate.





Chapter 9

A bone chilling shiver shot down Kanade’s spine the likes she had never experienced before. Her eyes opened and immediately knew something was seriously wrong. A Naga and a Centaur walked by at the twice normal speed, but the movement would have had them tripping. Their erect posture was all wrong for the speed they used. Not once did they so much as glance in their direction. Their swift, critically honed sweeping gazes of veteran warriors didn’t pause on them.
“Enchantress Kanade?” Minna’s small voice was bordering on frightened as the eight foot tall woman’s whole body was tensed. “What’s wrong?”
“Is there danger to the foal this close to the castle?” Storm-shadow snorted, his hooves pawed the grass.
Then Kanade realized the real problem. “Where’s Ethan and Kira?”
“Big sister was right here… SISTER!?” Minna yelled in distress.
“No!”
“What, Kanade?” Storm-shadow trotted closer to the child.
“We’ve been spelled. No one sees us and our minds have been shifted to run slower so time seems faster.” Immediately Kanade’s eyes glowed blue and with two fingers and a hasty movement she destroyed the much weaker magic.
Sounds exploded with clarity as the magic was destroyed. Wind blew and eyes that once saw nothing jerked to the three of them. Perceived time returned to normal, but Kanade’s feeling that something was terribly wrong lingered along with the magic of a powerful Witch. Kanade’s worry had her power scattering for her angel. Magically attuned Witches and Wizards recoiled at the unwelcome feel. Two Witches near the entrance began an offensive spell, yelling at Kanade to stop or else. Only when she found him did the expansive power end and lock on.
What she felt hit her like a physical blow and part of her mind was in control enough to say “Storm-shadow, get Minna to her mother.”
Her wings snapped out as she leapt and flew through the air. Pixies and Gargoyles got out of her way. Not only was her size and speed that had them moving out of a collision path, it was her fearful expression. Kanade shot through the hall, heads snapping in her direction.
She slapped her wings sideways and shot down the human hall and slowed as she rose to the third level and sixth from the stairs. She landed just outside the door and shook from head to toe, even her wings wouldn’t stop shuddering. No, please no. Be wrong, please be wrong. Kanade thought as her power told her already the answer but her mind couldn’t accept it.
The number beside a silver made door had the engraving 306 carved above the handle. Protective runes were activated as they faintly glowed around the large door. Unable to stop herself, Kanade shakily brought her powers forth and began tracing a series of overriding runes only an Enchanter of great power and experience would know. The room’s runes faded and then Kanade heard the sounds she never wanted to hear. With shaking hands that barely cooperated she grabbed the handle and opened the door just a crack to look within.
Immediate motion drew her attention and everything stopped. Her mental pleading, her power of sensing, trembling and even her heart ceased.
Then Kira cried out as her naked back arched with released while riding cowgirl.
Tears were the first to spill from Kanade’s eye as she looked on as the Witch had her legs wrapped around her angel and worse of all she noticed his dreamy smile.
No! Kanade mentally screamed, but her empty lungs were uncooperative. Metallic blue wings sagged, lifeless. She pulled her eye away from the crack and felt teardrops fall from her chin in fat, salty droplets.
Her legs moved away like they had a life of their own. Several were worried and curious as to her hurried flight and paused when they saw her walking away, more than a foot of her limp wings drug behind on the ground and her shell shocked look had the small crowd moving back. Kanade’s whole appearance was lifeless, stunned, but she walked forward. Some tried to talk, but she was unresponsive.
Kanade moved out of the human’s hall, through the main hall, to the elevators, pressed the button to her floor, entered her room an fell apart completely. Tears flowed as she sobbed fully into her pillow and curled into a tight fetal position.

Ethan blinked as he suddenly look around outside the castle and scratched his head. “What the hell?” he asked the empty air. Darkness was already set and he sparked a flame to push it away. Then he realized. “Oh crap!” He searched the area for reference to realize he was already on the path for home.
He felt fatigued, more than he ought, but ran quickly. The faint orange glow of Celestia’s fiery body stood outside and he redoubled his pace. “Where have you been? Your three hours late, Ethan!” the Phoenix demanded, her talons tapping the scorched ground.
He panted, hands on his knees before her. “What? Really? Celestia, the last thing I remember…”
When it took too long the angered fire bird said “Well? What is it? You do not seem all together.”
“The last thing… The last thing… oh!” he met her intense gaze. “I was just finishing meditating with Blake around noon. What time is it?”
“Just after ten. Maybe a little hard work may jar your memory.” Celestia slapped him upside the head with a rather hard wing. “Inside with you. You have work to complete.”
“ETHAN YOU ASS! WHAT DID YOU DO!” shrieked a voice just as he was about to go inside. At the edge of the house’s stone courtyard of unfinished weapons stood Floa in her larger, yet still short body. Her green fists were clenched and her flared nostrils and flat violet eyes were greatly angered. Even her large wings opened and closed like she wanted to fly over and do damage. Floa couldn’t approach like she so wanted with Celestia’s presence being so dangerously intense.
“We are busy, Pixie. Disturb my apprentice some other time.”
Instead Ethan came over when he realized something in Floa’s words. “Floa, what is going on? Why are you so upset…”
Floa answered with an uppercut to his jaw that knock Ethan flat on his backside. “Damn!” Floa cursed as she clutched her fist to her breast. Hitting him so hard hurt, but she glowered through the pain as he moved his jaw and rubbed the pain away.
“Touch him again and I’ll roast you.” Celestia chirped and walked forward. Floa couldn’t stand near and backed away with bright eyes when she realized the Phoenix wasn’t idly threatening. “Piss off now!” The Forgemaster’s three powerful fingers grabbed Ethan’s collar of his shirt and helped him stand.
“Hold on.” Ethan pleaded through the pain to his master. Celestia’s emerald green eyes merely blinked in acknowledgement without leaving the stubborn Pixie’s stand. He stepped back, between them and looked to his usually cheerful friend. He didn’t get close enough for her to knock him senseless again. “Floa, why did you hit me? What on earth is going on? What are you accusing me of doing. I already have a splitting headache and then you deck me out of nowhere, and in front of my master no less.”
Floa regarded him with contempt, but it was Celestia’s heated gaze that made her speak. “Kanade. What did you do to her?” his slow reaction made her blink. “You mean you don’t know?”
“Know what? What happened to My Angel?”
“Your angel?” Celestia scoffed. “Guides don’t bond with mortals.”
“It’s true!” Floa said and the Phoenix wasn’t so sure for the moment. “Ethan, Kanade’s locked herself in her room. I, my daughters and even Storm have been looking for you everywhere for hours. Kanade’s bawling her eyes out in her room, but I cannot get in. Her room is protected and Dress was forbidden from opening by her order. I tried talking to her, but even I could hear her mumbling your name over and over. I’ve known her for her entire life and she’s never acted this way before. She’s the suffer in silence type, like you, but I and your friends are worried. I was warned when one of my granddaughters said Kanade lifelessly walked down the hall and disappeared to her room. She was dragging her wingtips on the ground, only a brokenhearted Guide would ever do that while crying and acknowledge nobody. So what the hell did you fucking do?!” She repeated.
Instead he demanded “Floa, send me as close to her room as you can.”
“If you hurt that child I’ll send you to the bottom of the ocean.” The Pixie threatened before seeing his hardening expression and clapped.
“Seems I’m alone tonight.” Celestia said as Ethan disappeared before her eyes.
Floa replied. “Get over yourself. Since Ethan showed up even I’ve seen your unfinished collection getting done almost twice as fast.” Before a reaction could come Floa Translocated away and from outside the hall’s window as Ethan banged his fist against Kanade’s door.
Ethan herd her murmuring incoherently before he hit on the locked door. “Kanade! It’s Ethan open up!” He then stopped and listened, she still murmured. “Dress, open up!”
From the other side he heard “Not allowed! I can’t go against her demand, not without Odin’s or the full council’s approval. She hasn’t reacted since she told me to not allow anyone inside. I’m worried.”
An angry growl rumbled from his chest. “Dress, get as far away from the door as you can.”
“You can’t…” Ethan didn’t hear the rest. The whole floor was empty and only reserved for enchanters or as a place of defense in combat. Right now only Kanade was there and she was hurting.
Rage and fear for his soul mate fueled an inferno that shrouded his whole body. The fire funneled to his hands as he thrust them forward. “RAAA!!!” he roared and shot the superheated flames straight at the door. It took less than a second to reach the short distance and the impact made a deafening ‘Boom!’ that shook the floor, walls and windows. Runes near the topmost hinge, which protected against fire, flared to a bright bluish white and negated the inferno. Ethan knew it wouldn’t work, but had to try.
Floa, still outside flying, stared openly, disbelieving his audacity.
Still cloaked in fire, Ethan went to the door and heard what he hoped. The rune had made a translucent film over the wall and door, but the one for privacy remained dead. He sighed when he heard Kanade inside no longer mumbling, but now was strangely quiet. He killed the remaining flames since it seemed the much more forceful ‘knock’ had done its job and disturbed her current state. This time he knocked with his knuckles while saying “Kanade, it’s Ethan. Open up!”
Her voice was bitter and it lashed at him. “GO AWAY, Bastard!”
Swallowing down his own fears as to what made her so hostile he said “Not until I know you’re ok. Floa just got me and said you keep saying my name. What is wrong? If you don’t tell me I’ll stay here and…”
“I said go the fuck away!” she shrieked. “After what you did… How…” the last part was too quiet to hear. He heard the strength leave her.
“What did I do?” Ethan demanded. “If I don’t know what I did, how can I fix it?”
“Fix it?” Venom filled her usually delicate accent. “Fix IT?! There is no fixin’ what you’ve done, You Bastard!” Anger resurfaced. “I thought you were mine? The only one you’d ever want… You betrayed me. You betrayed my love for you! Leave me alone!”
“Like hell I’ll ever do that!” he growled. “Open this door now, Kanade! If your accusing me of something, do it to my face.” He heard her stomping with more anger than he understood, the lock at her door clicked and nearly jerked off their hinges from opening.
Ethan stepped away the moment he saw her. He had never seen anyone look like she did. Her glittery skin was puffy, like her red, swollen eyes as tears stopped flowing hours ago and tear salt streaked her. Blue hair that always looked so well kept was in spiky disarray, wings sagged and her shirt was wrinkled and stained. But it was the hurt, betrayal, dejection, heartbreak, and sorrow mixed in with such hatred that it tore him apart. Kanade grimaced at the sight of him and the venom lingered in her words. “Like you don’t know. I saw you two together.”
“What are you talking about?” he went to step forward and offer comfort through touch.
Kanade slapped his hand away. “Don’t keep acting innocent, Ethan.” She hissed his name as if it were vile and sniffed. “I still smell her on you.”
His hand still stung, but he didn’t back down. “Kanade, what is the matter with you?”
“With me!? You want to turn this around and say it my fault you fucked Kira senseless?”
“Kira? Fucked?” Ethan’s brow drew together. “Are you crazy? Kira is just a friend. A friend, Kanade. I never slept with anyone, let alone her.”
“Don’t lie to me. I saw her legs wrapped around you.” She seethed and Ethan suddenly remembered Spirit Guides cannot lie. “And you were enjoying it. I saw you smile like a fuckin’ idiot.”
This time Ethan went stone still. Very slowly his words came. “Kanade, I have no memory after Blake released us. Just a few minutes ago I found myself a half mile from my home with Celestia. What happened during the six or so hours? Please, enter my mind to see the truth. I would never be with anyone but you.” Her hatred lowered, feeling like this was a trap to torture her by replaying his latest conquest made it return. “Fine!” she bit off through clenched teeth.
Kanade entered and first felt his confusion before hearing “What happened? Whoever hurt her will pay dearly! Why the hell can’t I remember?” The more she searched the most recent day’s memories, she then found a foggy blanket clouding out hours of his life.
“KANADE!” Ethan shouted as her legs gave out and he barely caught her.
Wild, unseeing gold eyes said “He’s been spelled. No memories remain…” then she looked up as more tears surfaced. “Oh Ethan! I’m so sorry.” She hiccupped a sob. “Kira, she… spelled you for sex.”
Kanade watch as the muscles in his jaws clenched, his stormy grey eyes darkened an a rumble grew from his chest. He turned his head as he heard tiny flapping wings. “Floa, watch over Kanade.” He stood and turned into her bedroom. “Dress, what’s Kira’s room number?”
Dress responded. “Three oh six, but you aren’t going to kill her, are you?”
Without answering Ethan stormed out and headed for the stairs, heat and anger rippled off him like a mirage over desert sand. He rushed down and with a single-minded focus, he exited into the main hall and the haze turned to a trail of smoke. At this hour, quite a few were still awake, going about their business, but seeing a man start having flames appear around his body drew attention.
Before Ethan knew it his fist was banging on Kira’s door. “What is it?” he just banged more and more till she turned off her TV to check on it.
When she opened it she was assaulted by a wave of intense heat that stung the eyes so painfully they shut. Before she could get away, Ethan’s red hand grabbed her upper arm painfully enough she cried out. He lowered his heat when he realized what was happening but didn’t let go. Her light green eyes widened as she gasped “Ethan? Wha…”
“You’re coming with me.” And would not give her time to respond as he jerked her out.
“You’re hurting me!” She cried loudly enough it echoed.
“And what you did to me and Kanade didn’t?” he growled, the first time she had heard it herself and the steely glint in his eye said he was royally pissed off. He jerked her ahead.
Behind followed Ken at twenty feet, unable to stay away from Kira as he was drug. “Ha ha, you got caught!” he taunted.
At the foot of the stairs were two Ogres who were warriors and saw the whole thing. “Release her. Females must be treated with respect.”
“You boys better get the hell out of my way.”
“And if we do not?” The other responded, drawing a metal club inscribed with runes. Their answer came in the response of fire that sprung up around them that rose well over their blue heads.
Kira stopped struggling at what Ethan had done without blinking an eye or raising a hand. Ethan willed the flames to not do harm and walked through. Kira felt nothing and the Ogres knew he could have done far worse, but merely followed when the flames were quenched. Ethan didn’t look back, but Ken kept cackling as if this were all a joke. No one picked him up as he was drug along the ground. They left the human area and headed for the elevators.
Surprisingly there waited guests.
Kanade looked so frail and broken as she leaned against the wall with Floa consoling her girlfriend from a shoulder. But sitting in front was a grim-faced Tattoo in his wheelchair, the powerfully beautiful Gra standing behind her husband, Morgane Le Fay and two other Witches Ethan hadn’t seen before.
Tattoo no longer smiled as he usually did when he wheeled around. He pushed forward and as the second in command of the House ordered “Ethan, remove your hand and Kira, do not move. One word from you or gesture will worsen the allegations brought against you.” Ethan took his hand off and stepped away. “Morgane, if you will please verify the situation.”
“Certainly, Kiddo.” The High Witch glided forward and stood before Ethan. “Please hold still. I need to flush your system.” He didn’t ask questions. Morgane Le Fay laid a single finger on Ethan’s scalding forehead, but began expertly drawing very specific runes intending to heal the body by expelling foreign poison. He felt his mind clear before a stomachache formed and unable to hold still for any longer he leaned forward and retched. A large cupful of bile and clear fluid rocketed from his stomach, but before he could worry about hurling on the ancient Witch there appeared a bucket out of nowhere. His pain lasted only a few moments before standing straight and wiping his lips. Morgane looked into the bucket as if it wasn’t an issue. “Kiddo, he has no food in his stomach, but I smell a sickly sweet odor a certain potion of magic, lays inside. I will need to analyze, but he wouldn’t have retched if a recently ingested foreign magic wasn’t coursing through his system and…” Morgane stepped closer and sniffed his neck and then Kira’s, who went rigid. “Smells of smoke, Kira’s fragrance and sex. If it were our Enchantress he was with, I should smell only sex and his smoky natural smell.”
“So I was magically roofied?” He growled deeply and got a nod from the Witch. “What about my memories?” Morgane shook her head.
“You two” Tattoo pointed at the pair of Witches Morgane summoned. “detain Kira for the remainder of the night. A tribunal will be held at ten tomorrow for full details and adequate punishment.” Kira hung her head as the pair each took an arm, but not before trapping a magic canceling collar around her neck. They, and Ken, moved to the elevator and disappeared when the doors shut. Tattoo looked between Ethan and the disheartened Enchantress. “I’m sorry this happened to both of you and I swear an appropriate punishment will be reached. I must also ask you both to come to the top floor a quarter hour before the tribunal. Whatever tasks you have can be put on hold. Again, I’m sorry… Gra, let’s go to bed.” The Amazon queen followed her husband to the next elevator in which Morgane also accompanied them, bucket of bile dangling from her hand.
Ethan walked over to Kanade and she tried touching him, but he shook his head. “Don’t. I’m barely keeping it together and trying not to explode… literally. I need to let off some pressure before someone gets hurt. My sense of smell isn’t strong enough to know I stink of her, but I’ll need to wash her off. Floa, please send me to the roof of my building before I do hurt someone.”
Kanade’s eyes widened as a small flame appeared on his shaking shoulder, burning his clothing unintentionally and his clam mask wasn’t lying. Less than a thread held him together. Just as another flame lit in his hair, Floa clapped and he disappeared.
The Pixie’s tiny hands pushed against Kanade’s cheek. “Come on girlfriend, let’s go clean you up. You’re a total mess.”
Emotionally burnt out, Kanade’s voice was barely a whisper. “I was wrong, Floa. He is faithful. Kira… she used him against his will. I hated him. I hated my own soul mate. I didn’t believe him…”
“Hush… You. Didn’t. Know.” Floa consoled softly. “Your reaction was only natural. You need to clean up and be with him. You need him as much as he needs you right now. You were both raped today, him literally. Hurry up, who knows what he’ll do to let off steam.”
The Enchantress drew herself up and moved to the elevator Floa flitted down to and already pressed the button. They waited together, quietly till it opened and a few moments later on her floor. “Did Ethan do that?”
Floa said “Yes.” Meaning to the blackened area around her room’s floor, ceiling and back wall. “I also was surprised, but I think it was his way of getting through that thick skull of yours.” Floa rapped the side of her girlfriend’s head. “What was it like in your room, when he blasted it I mean?”
“It shook the whole room and the noise was so loud and sudden I almost jumped clean out my skin.”
“Same here. I was almost afraid the window I was watching from was about to shatter.” The Pixie pushed the idle conversation forward. “Do you have anything to eat in your bedroom?”
Kanade shook her head. “Didn’t get a chance. You ate my last bagel last night and I am too much of a wreck to order anything tonight.”
“I’ll go to my room and whip something up. Neither you or Ethan had anything to eat. Go shower and you two can picnic under the stars. Since I cannot tell you two to have a shower together…”
“Floa, not now… please. I don’t want to think about that.”
Kanade entered her bedroom and immediately she noticed the balcony door open. Floa said “I understand, but the sooner you two kids reunite, the sooner this pain will end… Dress, what are you doing out of your spot?”
Out on the balcony Dressor hopped and turned his broad face to the pair and said “You two better come see this.”
Kanade quickened her pace across her room and stood beside Order’s fashion king. From the balcony where Kanade would stare toward Ethan’s home for hours, her jaw dropped.
In the darkness a pillar of fire shot skyward from the roof of Celestia’s home. Shooting upwards that even from a distance, tendrils of flames could be seen as clear as if up close. At least a mile high pillar of flame shot high.
“Is it just me or is the whole building also on fire?” Floa gasped.
“You’re not mistaken.” Dress said evenly. “Right now Ethan is beyond pissed and venting his frustration in the safest place there is. Celestia is sometimes prone to outbursts and is why only she has a home completely separate from the castle. It is why her home and grounds are black, otherwise the granite would be gray like the rest of the castle. Fire wards are heavily restricting and containing his flames… you don’t need to tell me what happened, I know it all.” Compassionate blue eyes turned. “Kanade, I know it is not my place to say this, but can you… I don’t know… cool him off. He’s screaming above my heads from the rooftop in both Celestia’s and his room. She’s up there with him, but saying and doing nothing.”
Kanade felt strength return to her as she responded her to mate’s anger and seeing his inferno display that lit much of the northern grassland like a light bulb. She leapt for her bathroom, knocking Floa off from the sudden movement. She turned on the shower and stripped.
“I’ll be right back.” Floa said and before she disappeared, spun around and stared at the golden face. “Dress, give Kanade comfortable clothes. Nothing sexy. They don’t need any pressure after what they are still dealing with.”
“Wasn’t planning to. Let’s just hope their first time won’t be spoiled by all this.” Floa’s tiny green head bobbed before she clapped her hands together.
In the steamy shower Kanade washed off all the tears and sweat, allowing the warmth to invigorate her body from the coldness it had only felt all day. Her wings grew heavy with all the water and she lathered soap as quickly as she could without overlooking anything. She rinsed and turned off the water before touching the specialized dryer that blasted from sixty holes in the tile covered wall. The heated air blew off the water as she hastened the effect with a few runes traced along her wings that shed the water. She couldn’t wait and enjoy the drier she had ordered like usual after a bath. As the droplets fell Kanade couldn’t help watching and remembering they were like the many tears she shed.
Mostly dry, she pressed the button on the wall to stop the drying process. Her feathers were no longer saturated. She pushed the glass aside and heard Dress’s loud ‘thunk’ each time as he hopped back to his place in the corner of the room. Cracking the door, she found just a pair of laid out sweats and a backless t-shirt. She quickly slipped them on and stepped out.
Precariously placed on top of the back of the sofa was a picnic basket stuffed with food and a small Pixie sat on the wooden handle. “One question, Girlfriend, just how are you going to get near Ethan? The area isn’t as bright outside, but I can still see the roof on fire from here. For a mate, you sure have a dangerous one to your health.”
“Got it covered.” Kanade moved to her nightstand and pulled open a drawer. Out came a gold choker. “It’s taken weeks to make this.” She said. “In my spare time I’ve worried what would happen if Ethan’s flames might hurt and his intentions do not see me… well, yesterday I finished enchantin’ this to protect me.”
“That could come in handy.” Floa said. “Can you make me one too?”
Kanade shook her head. “No. Wearing this can only protect my kind should my mate have a deadly power that could potentially do me harm. Any power less than my own will separate the soul from the body. Floa, you are indeed powerful, but not even you would survive this. Besides, it’ll permanently bond to me, like Ethan’s bracelets…” She stepped to look outside and saw the blaze had indeed lessened and then at the band of gold between her fingers. “Now that I know he was forced against his will, I’ll wear it till the very end.” She snapped her fingers and the seamless ring separated and stretched as she put it around her slender neck. Another finger snap latched the ends together without a seam. The choker hugged her neck, and would do so from this point on. It was snugly fit, giving enough room to move and clean behind. “Now, like Ethan, I’m immune from his burnin’.”
One bare foot raised and planted on the stone barrier and her wings spread. “Wait, you’re forgetting something!” and all Kanade said was “Oh!” when she noticed she almost left without the meal her friend took time enough to scrounge up from somewhere. “And tell Ethan I’m sorry.”
“For what?” she asked as the basket hung from her elbow.
Floa’s green cheeks darkened embarrassingly. “I punched him.”
“You did what?” Kanade paused and listened to the quick explanation before saying “I’ll let him know.” And took to the air.
In a few moments she saw two individuals on the blazing roof. Celestia stood over Ethan as he struggled to meditate the way he was taught. Kanade glided slowly and Celestia’s sharp, predatory eyes caught the movement. The Phoenix merely said “Enchantress, order Dress to tell me what has upset my pupil. If he cannot recover from whatever has happened between the two of you, he will cease as my student forthwith.”
Kanade’s great wings flapped as she hovered over a ways. “I will do as you say. Ethan will recover, that I will see to.”
“You are his soul mate?”
Instantly Kanade answered without a shred of doubt “I am. He is my angel.”
“Then tend to your mate and do not allow this to occur again. He is a fine asset to me and is dedicated. Such is rare in a human.” With that Celestia walked through fire and dropped down the large ceiling access hole.
The Enchantress stared down at Ethan in a swirl of flames spiraling slowly from his red-tinged body. Ash from was once his shirt flew off in flakes from his bare torso. The many bruises stood out worse than usual. He was sitting with his legs crossed in the center of the roof, fists shaking as he fought his anger for control and serenity. Even without using her powers she could feel his pain at what had happened. He hated losing control and for a Fire Elemental, that was dangerous indeed. Kanade felt the waves of radiating heat, but slowly came closer, testing her choker to see if she and anything she touched remained unharmed. A magical barrier still faintly shimmered over all the surface, protecting the building’s structure of the home from his immense heat. When flames passed her like in a breeze, she sighed and sat her bare feet on warm stone. Without the enchantment, she knew she would already be burning alive. Kanade walked forward and softly said “Ethan? It’s me.” No response even came, not even a muscle twitch. She hated seeing him in such misery so she stepped into the heart of the vortex and delicately laid a hand on his shoulder.
At her touch his flames slowly died, and a minute later, vanished. His mottled flesh went from an angry red to a tanned, healthy bronze. His shaking subsided and Kanade smiled as she knew her mate knew her touch, even without knowing. She put the basket down and lovingly wrapped her arms around him from behind, her wings naturally wrapped around them. Her superior sense of smell still picked up Kira’s foul scent, but his fire burned much of it off and the smell of ashy clothes masked it further, but his smoky scent eased her and gave comfort. “Oh, Ethan, I’m so sorry for doubtin’ you.” She sobbed on his shoulder.
He jerked as he pulled from the meditation. Then he calmed as he created a fire to see by and asked “Kanade?”
“It’s me.” She pulled back, but sat on her heels.
He spun around, staring at her. “I thought I heard your voice… Wait, how can you be here? My fire…”
“No longer affects me.” She pointed to a gold band around her neck. “Your fire cannot hurt me. Mates to Enforcers also wear one for protection, but I had to modify the magic because your Spirit Energy is unique. Does it look pleasin’?”
His eyes softened. “You could wear a trash bag and no one could say anything other than ‘Beautiful’. Yes, you look good, but what are you doing here? I thought you didn’t want to see me at all… for what happened.”
She looked down into her hands. “When I” she swallowed a lump in her throat. “saw the two of you… I never knew I could feel so broken. Even hatin’ you I still loved you deeply. How could I not? There’s somethin’ about you so endearin’ that no words or runes could ever accurately describe. And when I found you hadn’t betrayed me I felt relief and sadness for all my angry thoughts.” She held her hand half way between them. “Right now I need you as much as you need me.”
Ethan’s whole appearance deflated. “Kanade, I feel so awful for what happened. Hurting you… I would never have done anything so cruel and all I feel is angry at being used. Is there some magic that can make me remember so I can hate myself for hurting you?” he pleaded as he took her hand.
“No, not without damagin’ your mind. Blockin’ or stealin’ memories are simple, but returnin’ are too risky. Knowin’ you are innocent is enough for me. That what happened, this backstabbin’ plot, lays with her.”
Then he blinked. “Do I still smell like her?” he read the answer on her expression. “I’ll go bathe. You’re welcome to stay in my room.”
She smiled. “I’m not plannin’ to leave tonight, if that’s alright?”
He rubbed the back of his head. “Uh, we can talk, but I think that if you go that far, it wouldn’t be fair to either of us. The wounds are too fresh.”
“Ethan,” Kanade stood. “there is no way I’m up to that. I just want you close… and Floa sent a care package since neither of us ate supper and she wanted to apologize for punchin’ you earlier.”
“She has one hell of an uppercut.” He admitted, feeling his jaw. “She dropped me harder than Blake.” He smiled weakly as he stood and brushed off his sweats before heading off the roof first.
The Enchantress followed him down and magically locked the hatch. She shut and locked his bedroom door. Just as he was heading into the shower Kanade said “Wait.” and told him Celestia’s words.
Dress silently watched and listened to Ethan say “You may explain what happened to my master and please also inform Blake I’ll make up tomorrow’s lesson. Should he ask, you may tell him as well. Please also seal the door and activate privacy. Lastly, can we be alone tonight? You can come back at our usual wake up time.”
“Sure thing, Handsome.” Ethan saw a momentary flicker of blue light at his door. “If you need me, just knock. Good night… oh and Ethan?” Dress paused, looking at Kanade. “I think you might need nightclothes. Your usual sleeping arrangements might be a little much for Kanade’s… delicate sensibilities.”
Surprising both she said with scarlet cheeks “My mate will sleep as he always does… but with boxer shorts… Dress after he goes to bathe, can I please wear what I usually do to bed?”
The cabined raised a gold brow. “Fine by me.” The doors split his face in half and out shot a pair of blue boxers which Ethan caught. “Get to it.” He entered the bathroom and shut the door. In a low tone Ethan couldn’t hear Dress said “I was worried you had forgotten your promise about your fist night you’d be together?”
Boldly she placed the food on the bed and returned. “I want my smell on him, not hers. He is mine, Dress. What happened will not occur again. He will know my body tonight as I will his… besides, I need to care for him. He’s been neglectin’ his back with the ointment. Those bruises are all over.”
“It’s not that. Ethan just cannot reach those spots and won’t ask for help.”
“Well as his mate, I’ll do it. My clothes please?” Dress shot out a pair of black lacy panties and a bra. “These? I do not wear these…”
“Trust me, Girl, you’ll bond better because of it. You aren’t the first couple I’ve dealt with and certainly not last. This will be just enough to bring you close together and sexy enough that if you feel the time is right, will be easy enough to take off. If not, you two can still cuddle… Well I’m off.” Before she could demand more appropriate attire Dress’s golden face vanished from the closet.
Kanade stared at the scandalous scraps of lace and shuddered. Momentarily forgotten was her hurt as lust filled her pleasantly. Thoughts of Ethan’s reactions and what she wanted him to do raced through her mind. She trusted Dress’s discretion and opinion as he’d yet to be wrong and slipped out of her clothes and put on her new bra and panties. She turned the TV to a white screen before turning off the ceiling light. It was darker now, and hoped all would go well as she unpacked the basket and laid out the food. Afterwards she found the depleting ointment in a jar out on his nightstand.
The shower ended and Ethan made sure he could wash away all scent by scrubbing and washing four times, leaving no crevice unwashed. He didn’t know what waited beyond the door, but deep down it both thrilled and terrified him.
With just a thought his power steamed off all the water, he brushed his teeth and hair before sliding on only his boxers. Thankfully they hid everything important, but his self body image was depressing by the moment as he looked over his many accumulated bruises. Unable to hide forever he opened the door and stopped dead.
For laying on his bed was Kanade. She lay on her side in a sexy position men see only in magazines. Her higher right leg bent over her curled left while her head was propped on an elbow. Her round hip and small waist were more defined and with her wing as a sultry backdrop. Spread out before her on a picnic sheet was bread, cheeses, wedged ham and cheese sandwiches. A bottle of white wine sat uncorked on the nightstand with two empty glasses, not the usual wineglass, just glass cups. What’s more, she wore nothing other than her underwear. His mouth watered as his gaze locked between her legs and realized she either had one hell of a bikini wax or she was hairless in the carpet area.
In the most beautiful voice he had ever heard from her she said “What do you think? Did Floa have a romantic idea or what?”
“Is it Valentine’s day because I must be dreaming?”
Even in the lower lighting he saw her redden. She sat up with a timid smile. “No, but Cupid has nothin’ on me.”
“Kanade, you don’t have to push yourself.” He said softly.
Her head shook. “I’m not, Ethan. After all that’s happened, I really want to do this, have a meal alone with my angel. Just the two of us, at night with no disturbances. I want to get over what happened as soon as possible and to do that I want my scent on you and yours on me. Ethan, please tell me what you’re thinkin’.”
“That you’re more brave than I. I’ve never had a girl in my bed before let alone see how great you look right now. I’m just really unsure how to go on and how to fix this between us…” He admitted.
She gestured him forward. “Come over and let’s start slow. This is new territory for the both of us and I feel like a long tail cat in a rocking chair store, just waitin’ for somethin’ bad to happen. Let me tend your wounds first. We should start there.”
“Alright.” He felt that was a good place to start. She dipped her slender fingers in the jar as he sat on the edge of the bed and slowly applied the salve. He enjoyed her delicate touch along with the tingle of electricity. Kanade felt all the knots in his back and frowned as she knew he lived in pain, listened and enjoyed how he rumbled with pleasure like some satisfied beast. She massaged him slowly, loosening the many knots he didn’t speak of. He groaned and said “Your hands are pure magic.”
“I expect the same treatment. My back muscles, especially around my wings, are tense.”
“Got it.”
As she worked the muscles at the base of his neck she couldn’t help sniffing and sighed. “Good. You washed her off.”
“I did all I could. And just how strong is your sense of smell?” and he turned around.
She applied more ointment over his hairy, discolored chest, but didn’t mention how glad she was it didn’t grow on his back like some gorilla. “Thrice that of humans and females naturally have a stronger sense of smell. Barely a trace lingers beneath your natural scent… there, that should do it. If you’re hurt elsewhere, do it yourself.”
Ethan grinned. “I’m good. Do you want to eat or get that massage first.”
“Definitely eat. If you do half a good of job as Floa, I’ll melt like butter.”
The meal passed in silence until every crumb disappeared. They didn’t have time for conversation as their hunger and tiredness pulled all energy into eating. The food was delicious and the wine sweet, the way they both enjoyed. He tried to hide it, but she noticed how his eyes caressed her and could almost feel the touch. She enjoyed him looking at her with such passion, but didn’t as she noticed his loathing of what happened, blaming himself for everything.
She took his glass and put it up on the nightstand. “I’m ready for that massage now.” And then she lay flat on the bed, spreading her wings so he could access her spine. When he didn’t immediately jump at the chance she looked over her shoulder to see him struggle. “All I have are thong panties if you’re wondering. You like?”
“Stop tempting me, woman.” He said in a deep, husky voice that made her shiver. “I’m barely keeping it together here… got it.”
“Got what?”
He walked on his knees before straddling her backside. “Now I can work without distraction… and don’t you dare move.”
She stifled a giggle and wide eyed as she felt his manhood go steel hard and poke her back, but before she could act and make him enter she groaned as his hands went down, skillfully doing a deep massage, his thumbs circling. He started at her waist and lower back. Ironically he thought he was massaging an actual angel. He worked and looked at her back. Kanade had a smooth back, but her underlying muscles were powerful. They needed to be so as to not only hold up her wings but also to fly. He worked his way up and her tense muscles slowly relaxed under his ministrations.
“Ethan,” she crooned in absolute pleasure. “that is wonderful.” Kanade began twisting and pulling her wide wings in and he went to dismount, but then she took his hand and said “Come here.” She patted beside her.
He twisted and lay on his right, staring into her eyes. He was then surprised as her long, tone legs wound with his while she pulled herself closer till they shared breath. “Where did you get so good?”
“Always been a master of giving a backrub.”
“Apparently.” She smiled lazily and hadn’t lied about melting in utter relief. This close she couldn’t resist giving him a deep, much needed kiss. There was nothing sexual about this one, Ethan knew. She needed the reassurance. In a very quiet voice she hesitated. “Ethan, may I ask a serious question?”
“Of course. Ask away.”
“Do you” her bottom lip quivered. “think it’s too soon to ask if you and I can nest together?”
Ethan was very surprised to see her vulnerable again, like she was when she yelled at him. “You want to live together? What about this morning at breakfast when you told me Guides don’t pair up a week after finding their angel.”
She looked at the rapid pulse in his neck speed up. “We’ve been a month technically.” She corrected.
“Kanade, I can’t read your mind. Tell me.”
She buried he head in his neck, inhaling his scent before whispering “I do not want a repeat of today. Ever! I want you near me all the time. You’re mine and as soon as all the other females see we are inseparable, they won’t dare come between us. My instinct is to nest with my mate and the drive is stronger than I ever imagined. I can barely sleep at all now that I know you are here. I feel so alone and today made it worse because if we were closer, Kira wouldn’t have spurned us. As long as I’m with you, I don’t care where we live… as long as its together.”
He was quiet for some time, but she didn’t lift her head from his neck. “I’ll say yes on the condition you wear this amazing ensemble to bed every night.” She leaned back, her eyes stinging gratefully. “How could you imagine I’d say no? Really, Kanade, I might be shy and awkward, but you know I love you. You felt how powerfully I do about you.”
“That is the first time you said it.” He asked without words, just confused expression. “You love me. You said it aloud.” He smiled. “And yes, I’ll wear my underwear to bed if that’s what you like.”
“If you really want to know what I’d like, read my mind.”
She did and her eyes bulged. She recovered with a light laugh. “Soon, My Angel, soon. And thank you. Would you prefer I live here or would you want my room?”
“We can figure arrangements later.” He draped a hand across her bare hip and she shivered in delight. Before she knew it he began stroking her wing. “Let’s get some sleep, Kanade.”
“Don’t. Stroking my wing will put me to sleep.” She said, but didn’t stop him. The caress felt too good.
“That’s the whole point.”
Kanade threw her wing around him as Ethan pulled the covers over them both. His caress along with her head over his heart put her to sleep. He wasn’t far behind. Having her in his arms was the most soothing balm there could ever be.

Soft as the finest silk caressed Ethan as he awoke to find his TV still on and offering enough light to see Kanade’s head on his chest. Her wings wrapped them together and the sheet had worked its way down to their tangled legs. Cinnamon filled his nostrils and calmed him like nothing he never knew before. He could feel her left wing beneath him as the bone lay just behind his neck. He had never been embraced in bed by a girl before, but he never wanted to leave and Kanade’s embrace, even in sleep, didn’t either.
Whether it was a change in his heartbeat or she pretended to be sleeping, Kanade woke and her curtain of blue hair moved to reveal a sleepy face and a lazy smile as warm gold eyes rested on him. “How long you been awake?” Her southern drawl so early made his heart skip a beat, that and he remembered what she was wearing and how intimately she held him.
“A few seconds. How do you feel?”
Her draped arm across his chest tightened. “Better than I ever have. Mother was right, layin’ with your angel is like no other experience.” She heard his intake of breath. “Oh, sorry. I forgot your bruises.”
“It’s alright.” He smiled and she returned it. “So… last night before we went to sleep… were you serious about moving in together?”
“Actually… wait… what is that?” Kanade lifted her wings holding them together and looked down to what was poking her stomach.
“Crap.” She heard and realized something she’d never seen, but always heard about from other females. Morning-wood. Ethan went to pull away, but her arms encircled him like steel bands.
“Don’t.” She said and pulled him close. “Don’t be ashamed. Its natural and flatterin’… I mean… you’re my mate and I’ll be in your bed from now on unless… you changed your mind.” Her cheeked heated in embarrassment.
Ethan’s hand caressed her glittery cheek and his thumb teased her bottom lip. “Sorry, it’s a habit. Kanade, I was serious. I know without a doubt I am serious about being with you. And after last night… well I also never slept so well. I want this. You and me living together. If you can stomach me and my quirks and make me feel like this… well how could I not want you.” She gave a small smile. “Besides, I could get used to having an angel in bed.”
She kissed him deeply. Tentative at first, but then more urgent. Her hands wove through his hair as his wrapped around her trim waist. Her tongue went to work before she drew back for a breath. “I love you, Ethan.”
It was music to his ears. “I love you more than anything or anyone, Kanade.”
A hand pushed on his chest and rolled him back as her pinned wing extracted from beneath him. Flat on his back, Kanade threw her leg over him and straddled his stomach. He felt amazingly awake as she sat lightly on him in nothing except her underclothes. In a timidly sweet voice she asked “Do you truly want me?”
“You know I do.” He rumbled and she felt him vibrate. “I should be asking.”
Kanade’s smile brightened as her hands went to jerk his boxers off. “I can’t wait any longer. I must have you.”’
“Sorry to rain on the parade, Kids.”
Kanade squeaked as she nearly jumped out of her skin. She turned to find Dress had returned and looked apologetic. “What? Why?” Her heart beat wildly.
Ethan growled. “Dress, you better have a good reason for interrupting.”
“Well I did say ‘Sorry’ didn’t I?” Dress asked and was glowered at by both. “Look, it’s time for you two to get ready… not release all the sexual tension you two have built up for each other. You told me to return. I did. I would have left you alone, but soon you’ll be having a visitor. Storm will be here in a half hour and I doubt you two want to couple for so short a time, take a shower and get dressed before he arrives.”
“Why is he coming? All week long he has been watching over the herd as he always had before I came here.” Ethan commented and watched as Kanade covered herself with the bed sheet.
“Didn’t say more than he was coming.”
“Ethan, is your bathroom large enough for me?” Kanade asked.
“More than. Two Centaurs could occupy it at the same time and not feel crowded.”
“Did you call me a Centaur?” her eyes narrowed.
Ethan backtracked quickly. “No… I… wait…uh…”
“I’m teasing.” She smiled and wrapped the sheet around her as she crawled out of bed. “Dress, I’ll need more formal clothes for today’s tribunal.”
“Understood. Would you like a dress.”
“You know I cannot wear a dress.”
“Why?” Ethan had to ask. He knew she would look amazing in a dress.
Kanade’s cheeks flushed as she turned on the bathroom light. Seriously she said “Because they are breezy. The only one I want seeing my underwear is you and a dress is impossible to keep such things private, especially since I fly. Landin’, I found out as a little girl, would blow a dress clean over my head.”
“Oh… makes sense. I’ve felt the wind your wings produce and I should have known… I don’t want anyone looking up your skirt either.”
“And I do not want anyone seeing my angel in his boxers either. That is a pleasure reserved for me alone.” With more light bleeding into the bedroom, she moved back in front of Dress who spat out a pair of long black pants, a white backless blouse, fresh thong underwear and a pair of classy blue and white stiletto high heels. She collected the lot and headed for the bathroom.
“So, what did I miss?” Dress hummed as the panels of his face shut.
“Not much other than Kanade and I will be living together.”
“Maaan!” Dress let out in a whine. “Floa won. That blasted Pixie.”
“You two made a bet?” Ethan realized and couldn’t resist a smile from forming. “What were the stakes?”
“Just how long it would take for you two to be together. I expected tomorrow night. Floa said during this one. Now I owe her the finest silks to line her vine cradle she’s making for her latest progeny. Oh Ethan, I so wanted to win a signed autograph of Elton John she was going to have to get.” Dress huffed.
Ethan could only laugh. When he recovered he asked “So what news do you have for me?”
“Well first Celestia listened to it all and says your tantrum last night on the roof she could understand. She also said that she doesn’t want you working tonight either. She is giving you tonight off, but expects tomorrow’s work to retain your usual efforts. Blake also was considerate. Today’s lack of training will be replaced for the one you’d have in three from today. And you should know Kira is still detained and the rulers of the House are all upset about this. Nothing this scandalous has happened in close to a century. I don’t know what’s going to happen, but I’ll be there in the tribunal with you for more than moral support. I’m also a witness.”
“Dress, I’m unfamiliar with the tribunal protocol. Can you give me a few likely ideas what will happen today and what Kira is in for?”
“Thought you’d never ask.” Dress gave a quick rundown.
Soon Kanade finished her shower and used a towel to dry. She put on the clothes and stepped out. Ethan already carried a set of folded clothes and she stopped him with a smile. “After your bath, don’t put your shirt on just yet. I’ll apply more ointment.”
“Can’t keep your hands off me huh?” he joked.
“Never shall I get enough.” She bent down and gave him a kiss and watched as he went into the bathroom and shut the door.
Another quick shower had him exiting shirtless. Her touch was as soothing as the expensive ointment and then he slipped into the shirt. He tied his boot laces and stood. “See you in a bit, Dress.”
Kanade claimed Ethan’s hand outside the bedroom and as they walked the short hall and for the stairs she said “I think it would be better, Ethan, that we should stay here together.”
“Do tell.”
“Actually it makes perfect sense.” She squeezed her hand. “We will be disturbed far less because of Celestia being a natural deterrent. You spend every night working your fingers to the bone. I can enchant her creations right here and not make you more tired than necessary, just to bring me the items. She is my largest profile client after all. You can come straight to bed and since all apartments at this House are mostly similar, there is more room for us than we could ever adequately need. You won’t need to be as tired as you usually are. And should I require to be workin’ late, we can sleep together up in my apartment, if there is a rush order on one of her creations. I can keep my room like an office to enchant things approved by the council. And it would be a simple matter to send my things. I can also modify the wall around the TV to hold all my movies along with all your videogames and modify the wall where the window is to create a landin. area to your room, just like mine… I’m startin’ to worry you aren’t I? You think I’m rushin’ don’t you?”
Ethan laughed as they reached the iron door that led into the workshop. He opened it with his free left hand saying “Not at all. You’ve just thought through this more than me. Actually I like your enthusiasm. I’m still thinking I’m the luckiest guy alive who will get to wake up each morning to find you aren’t a figment of my imagination. I don’t frighten that easily so no, I don’t think your rushing. In fact, now that I hear all the benefits I can’t tell you how excited I’m also getting. Very rational and efficient. Your idea will be great!”
Kanade stopped to look around the room at the forge and all the weapons, supplies and tools filling it. Over on a wall beside her, her eyes drew to a strange contraption. “What is this?”
“A foot powered lathe.” He explained. He walked her up to it and pressed his foot down on the foot petal, one end held still while across an empty space a gripping clamp began spinning so fast it blurred. “It’s the only machine Celestia uses. Everything else is crafted by hand. Normally when I pour molten metal into a cylinder bar, I spread the ends and clamp the bar to the locks. This lever here changes not only rotation speed, but the weights you can’t see inside the box beneath. It twists the metal before we start folding it by hand. It can exert four tons of rotating pressure. I also use it to design the hilts out of heat resistant materials or spelled objects that won’t ignite for a short time in her presence. Since she cannot stop her body from burning, it’s been my task to make the hilts. For more than half the time, if it was her doing it, she must discard the wood, bone, rock or softer metal more than half the time. I just put a block of whatever material the customer ordered and I constantly rock the foot-lever back and forth to spin it and use these knives to shave it down to size. Celestia’s powers are too great to handle this work without rushing, and she never rushes her work.”
“I would like to see this one day.” Kanade said.
“Well Celestia doesn’t allow anyone in the shop other than me during the night. And I didn’t hear you say your necklace protected you from her.”
“Because I didn’t.” Kanade stated while looking at him. “My choker is made for you alone. The runes necessary to resist fire to a livin’ being and other elements can only be made for soul mates. Real fire will burn me, unless you order it not to. If you were not my true angel I would have been badly burned last night. None can stand beside Celestia safely other than you, her husband or fire type demons. There are spells that resist offensive wild energy for a short time, but they cannot resist direct attacks. I could probably use spells to stand near for a minute or two near her, but then I’d be burned. Phoenix Spirit Energy is very potent.”
“So she’s married? Never knew.” He said as he led Kanade outside.
“Yes, but all Phoenix are highly territorial. They are naturally solitary beings with high aggression. Only every five hundred years, when they feel the call to mate, will a pair bond. They mate for life and usually have a clutch of ten or so babies. It is the only time her kind can be near one another without fightin’ for dominance, sometime killin’ the weaker one.” She explained.
“No wonder why she is so easy to set off. Too bad, although I’ve only met her, Celestia is a beautiful bird. Someone so pretty should be happy more than once every five centuries.”
“Such is their way. And as for her beauty, I’ve seen several other of her kind and Celestia is by far the fairest.” Kanade admitted.
Standing just off the path to the building was Storm-shadow. His gaze fell upon his partner and the Enchantress. Noticing their joined hands lifted his spirit and gave reassurance. “I take it all misunderstandings are corrected?”
Kanade tucked her hair behind and ear. “Yes, Prince Storm-shadow. Ethan and I will recover from all this. Why are you here, if I may ask?”
The Pegasai snorted and barely contained his own anger. “To see my partner and you, Enchantress Kanade. After reuniting Minna with her parents I went searching for you, but you had already locked yourself in your room and I couldn’t locate Ethan at all. I and the Pixies looked everywhere, but my bond with him told me he was alive. I didn’t know what to do and searched for aid, discretely mind you.” He tussled his ebony mane. “Kira has lost my trust and friendship because of this. As to my presence, I too have been summoned to today’s tribunal.”
“What for?” Ethan asked.
“She illegally put a spell on me as well as your mare. That is another serious crime. The deceit of her actions will be enforced and I will not stand by for any leniency for the friendship she killed. Come, let us fly. My sire wishes to meet with you both before breakfast as well.” He added.
“I will fly…”
Storm-shadow cut Kanade off. “He rides with me. I understand the connection of a Soul Mate better than you. Star-bolt is mine. Believe me, if others saw you carrying your mate like a foal, it will hurt his reputation, make him seem weak. Upon my back he keeps his dignity.”
Kanade looked hurt, but she couldn’t deny the truth of it. Reluctantly her fingers unthreaded from his and asked “Where does King Pegasus wish to meet?”
Ethan mounted as she got her answer and they took to the air. Kanade gracefully glided beside Storm-shadow. The morning chill had a bite to it and he asked “Storm, how bad do the winters get up here in Scotland?”
“Fiercer than Florida’s subtropical climate for sure. Fall will be coming soon. The worst one who hates winter is Jormungandr. His river freezes and was serious about your aid to keep him warm. Usually Celestia offers a few feathers he’ll eat to survive the biting cold. What is difficult are winter battles for some of the most dangerous attacks happen then and he can barely move.” Storm-shadow kept up the idle conversation until finding the Pegesai herd and gliding down to it. Proudly standing above all others, Pegasus waited.
The king of all winged steeds greeted them, offered an apology that would again come from the tribunal, but the reason for Pegasus’s request was to personally inform Ethan and Kanade on what was to be expected. Ethan silently was glad all Dress said was being reinforced. The herd did their own thing meanwhile. Eating grass or frolicking around. The foals in particular played or greedily drank from their mother’s milk.

Breakfast ended and by the looks people in the hall offered it was clear there was no secret as to what had happened yesterday. To get out of everyone sight for the next few free hours he, Kanade, Storm-shadow and Floa stayed in her bedroom. Floa and Kanade chatted and worked together on just how to transfer her belongings to his room. Floa stayed small, but gloated every time she glanced at Dress and rubbed her belly meaningfully.
The boys decided to stay out of their way. It was the only safe option. Ethan didn’t waver as he watched his angel working with the Pixie. She was without a doubt everything he had dreamed and then more. He wanted her so badly it hurt. Living with her wasn’t a decision. It was a requirement to his life.
He watched as Kanade’s eyes glowed blue as she drew lines in the air and saw the whole wall of collected movies on shelves suddenly dislodge and hover off the ground. She slapped a hand to the stone and what looked like an upside down F rune glowed.
Then Floa clapped her hand and in the room there opened a figurative window and showed it was Ethan’s room. Dress quite literally looked at himself from Kanade’s room to Ethan’s in her apartment.
Kanade stepped out of her apartment and through the portal Floa created, stepping first from her room directly to his. Ethan followed and watched as she ripped a foot and a half deep of stone from the wall around the TV, slapped the same rune and traveled into his bathroom. She then ripped out his bathtub and shower out with more magic. Being guided by her, she pulled the wall that was once around the TV through the portal while she drug the levitating shower.
In an hour, all her movies had transferred to his room along with her expensive shower to send his to her room. The stone fit seamlessly together, like the two rooms weren’t tampered with. Dress said “You two sure know how to remodel without making a mess. Tell me, how did you manage to create a portal in the two rooms? All are protected from such entry.”
Floa landed on Kanade’s shoulder. The Pixie said “When you are like my girl here,” she patted Kanade’s cheek. “You can remove the magic so long as the inhabitant allows it. These kids really want each other so there was no problem. This was the fastest I’ve ever fixed up a room.”
“And just in time too. It’s nine forty.” Dress added.
Ethan saw a change overcome Kanade. He knew, but didn’t say, that the reason she worked on dragging her things to his room and not use his aid was to keep her mind off on what was to come. Now though, she had to look upon the woman who cut her more deeply than any knife. To lessen the pain, Ethan took her hands in his to say “Pegasus said the tribunal will be quick. It won’t drag on like other human trials. We can get through this. I’ll be by your side the whole time. Afterwards it’ll just be you and me for the rest of the day.”
“Thank you.” Kanade said in a heartfelt way and gave him a kiss.
“I can’t go, Girlfriend, but I’m there in spirit.” Floa kissed Kanade’s cheek.
Storm-shadow, Ethan and Kanade moved to the elevators to finish this.





Chapter 10

A loud, crisp ‘Ding!’ momentarily preceded the elevator doors opening. Kanade’s hand tightened, but relaxed as Ethan’s thumb rubbed it. Storm-shadow’s golden shoes clicked the polished marble ground as he exited first.
The open doors led to a circular corridor. The pillars lining it would offer great cover should the area be breached. They went left after seeing an Ogre receptionist in a leopard print bikini point the way. The female had a smaller horn, but a bright smile that showed off her lower canine tusks and knew what they were here for without asking.
Kanade pointed to large doors on their way around the circular corridor which wrapped around the whole tower. “This first room belongs to Chief Magistrate Morom and his soul mate and wife Priestess Edda. This one here belongs to High Champion Crait.” That one was actually a door made from many fused swords from defeated opponents, Ethan knew from stories. “Princess Chillie stays here.” This door was made of vines and painted bright pink. “Collu and Mia reside there.” That door was made of simple redwood and spoke of simplicity. “And last belongs to High Wizard and Witch Merlin and Morgane.” Ethan already knew Kiroq lived underground like most Gargoyles. “Odin lives here.” She pointed to a door of solid gold with delicate script.
“Do you know what all the writing means?” Ethan asked.
“They are all the names of my children and grandchildren, Lad.” Odin said as he opened the door and stepped out as he always had, minus the wolf pelt and was exchanged for an open front black leather jacket. The sword still hung at his side and Gungnir, the simple and wicked looking spear, clutched in a large left hand. “My door has all the names and magic on it prevents any direct descendants from my loins from entering.”
“So many…” Ethan said breathlessly. “but why does it… oh, got it. Just in case you don’t know, and they don’t, you won’t sleep with them.”
“Got it right, Lad. I’ve lost count of all my offspring. If not for my door keeping record, I’d get in a heap more trouble.”
“But what about the lines…”
A twitch jumped in Odin’s eye and the patch of white skin where the other eye had once been, wrinkled some. “Dead, Lad. Some from old age, but most fell in combat or were slaughtered. Come, let’s reach the tribunal room.” The All Father ended further discussion and led the way. Ethan felt horrible for not realizing something so simple and keeping his mouth shut yet it was too late to apologize.
It took less than a minute to come upon an unimpressive set of wooden doors, but inside was rather spacious. In the center of the room sat a crescent table all the leaders of Order could convene around and be able to seat over two hundred leaders comfortably. Off to the side were three long benches and the other side led to a heavily fortified door where Ethan and Kanade both knew Kira was inside, in a small jail cell awaiting punishment. Sunlight filled the room from open windows and a glass skylight. The room smelled clean and fresh like a pine forest after a rain.
Around the curved table where one would stand before the leaders sat Tattoo, his impressive Amazonian wife, Morom the powerful Ogre, Chillie the Pixie princess sitting on a thick book as if it were a cliff and Morgane Le Fay. Over on one of the three long benches sat three individuals. Kanade had to tell him that the child was Minna and her very tense parents. He couldn’t remember the kid after the memory wipe. Kira’s mother looked around thirty, no more and her father was maybe thirty five. If Ethan didn’t know Witches and Wizards used spells to make themselves younger he would have sworn Kira’s mother was a twin sister. Brown hair, green eyes and a bountiful figure. Kira’s mother though was more conservatively beautiful.
“All parties involved are here. Let us begin.” Odin’s deep voice boomed. Kira’s family were startled and turned to the door. The parents were clearly terrified, but as soon as they saw Ethan and Kanade they glowered daggers, blaming them for all this. They stopped when noticing Odin’s commanding stare aimed at them. “Morgane, summon the accused.”
Ethan and the others moved to the end bench, staying well away from the family while the High Witch created what looked like a ball of light and snapped her fingers. It zipped soundlessly through the closed door.
Odin took his seat in the center throne, beside his second, Tattoo.
The door to the tribunal’s holding cells opened. The first two to step out were clearly Amazons of great stature. Their handsome female features were impassive. Behind followed Kira. She had obviously been allowed to change and clean up. She wore a long dress of light green, but a classy design. Non revealing. Her long brown hair hung loose, framing her heart shaped, delicate face. Even her makeup wasn’t so impacting as usual. Around her neck was a collar made of pure silver with magic suppressing runes. Her downturned eyes wouldn’t meet anyone’s. She followed the warrior women’s feet and stopped between them as soon as they did. Kira knew one wrong move and either powerful woman would end her very existence and not blink. Amazons were known for action, not hesitation. It was in their blood.
Ken was surrounded in a blue energy which effectively shut him up.
It began without any waste of time or ceremony. “Kira Penbrooke, you are accused of rape, illegal casting on fellow family, forbidden creation of illegal potions and hiding memories without specific orders from me or your leader.” Odin’s dead tone spoke volumes and the ancient Viking surely wasn’t happy. “We will hear from your leader High Witch Morgane first. Morgane, what do you have to offer the tribunal?”
The strawberry redheaded woman picked up a vial and sat it on the table. “Last night, approximately twelve hours ago I was summoned to verify a grievous breach from of one of my kind. I purged this very potion from Ethan’s body so it didn’t compromise him any further. In it are rare herbs mixed in a specific ratio that would require blood magic to invoke properly. Kira would have had to use her own blood and that of Ethan’s to create a tether between them. It would then need to be drank and Ethan, as the magic’s target, would therefore see Kira as the person he loved and desired most. Ethan was therefore helpless against Kira who, to him, would look as his heart’s greatest desire, sound like this person, smell like them and even feel identical… For a time of up to six hours or so and be aroused for said time like an aphrodisiac.” Morgane Le Fay held up a finger that glowed at the tip and all saw at Kira’s collar that a rune that looked like combination of a T, F and S as one symbol glowed. “Kira, you are now forced to speak the truth. Since it is too dangerous to repair Ethan’s memory without damaging his mind, you will tell this room who he thought you were when you took full advantage of him.”
Kira broke into tears and went to fall, but the large feminine guards grabbed her arms and held her easily erect. The collar burned hotter as the question was asked and when it started to hurt she was forced to say “Kanade! He thought I was Kanade.”
Kanade bristled with anger and understanding now that she knew how it was done. She wanted to shout, but Ethan’s grip on her was grounding, like a lightning rod that protected her. Her teeth clenched so hard it hurt.
“And where did you procure his blood?” Morgane continued after receiving the answer.
The collar burned hotter. “He’s always wounded. His combat training with Blake is severe. I actually was trying to use a new spell with it so he could heal sooner without being sleep induced.”
“And why did you rape him. Again, remember you cannot lie without causing immediate damage to yourself or use any magic.” Morgane Le Fay ordered.
“Because he is so kind.” She sobbed limply, unable to resist talking. “I’ve wanted him desperately. He’s not like anyone I know. I tried caring for him, offering to be his girlfriend, wanting him more than any before. He was so quiet and shy, but I could see he was suffering and wanted to end it. I started learning from Ken about healing methods because I was afraid he would kill himself from doing so much… and Blake always left him bruised and bloody.” Kira swallowed. “And then two days ago she” Kira finally looked at Kanade sadly and with great jealously. “just suddenly shows up and Ethan didn’t look like he suffered any longer. I hated how he looked at you, Kanade. He never looked at me that way and I was there when you weren’t.” Morgane snapped her fingers and forced Kira to look at her alone, with magic. “Sorry… Well… I hated how she took him away when I really wanted him. I knew that it was over for me, but I still wanted him. I created the potion, using blood of his I already had, and when it was done… he was mine for a time. I know it was wrong, but I couldn’t stop. I slept with him and took his memories so no one would know. I don’t know how the plan went wrong…”
“Kanade’s soul is irrevocably bound to Ethan’s.” Morgane stated. “Just as mine is to Merlin’s. Soul mates isn’t some trifle word thrown around, Child. Especially with Spirit Guides. She knew right away he wasn’t with her, but with another. If not for this potion, he would be unable to have any sexual reaction with another. Kira, if you find your soul mate no other will hold your attention in a great romantic way. By sleeping with her soul mate, you also raped her. In this, you should know. You shouldn’t have for I teach all young Witches this.” Then Morgane asked a question none in the room expected. “Kira, did you do the spell all Witches know? Are you carrying Ethan’s child?”
“No!” Kanade shouted as she jumped. The room turned to her wide eyes. Her shout echoed several times in the stone room. Kanade began to shake and a quiet whisper she said “No, please say no…”
“No.” Kira responded. “I didn’t drop an egg to make myself pregnant. I just wanted him, not a child… and only I would have the memory. None were to know of my discretion.”
Kanade deflated as she sat back down and hid her face in Ethan’s neck.
“I’m done, Lord Odin.” Morgane shifted the mantle back over.
Odin gave a curt nod. “Dress, what have you to add?”
The cabinet looked over and said “Kira ordered I leave till morning from her room. I thought nothing of it as she came in alone with Ken being his obnoxious self, but without knowing her actions till afterwards, she used me too. She invoked privacy so I could do nothing. Odin, I have nothing else to say.”
“Minna Penbrooke, Prince Storm-shadow, stand front.” Minna tried hiding, but her parents got up and protectively bought her over to stand before the present council leaders. Storm-shadow’s hooves echoed as he stood proudly beside the three. In a not so threatening tone Odin said “Lass, why did your elder sister use you as a distraction?”
“Distraction?” Minna asked in a very frightened, timid voice. Her mother knelt and whispered in her ear. “Alright mother… Lord Odin, Kira came yesterday and asked if I wanted to meet Enchantress Kanade. I did… like many other children… Kira said they were friends and would tell me stories. I like stories. Enchantress Kanade was nice and pretty, but we spoke only for a few minutes…” she went quiet.
Storm-shadow picked up the conversation. “It seemed several minutes, Lord Odin. Kira had altered our sense of time, making it seem pass faster and I found it was two hours we had missed by the time I returned the foal to her stallion and mare. We were not seen, nor did we hear anything under the spell to notice the difference. If not for Kanade’s power and being the first to sense something amiss I fear we might still be under the influence. The foal beside me would not have the capability to remove the spell for her lineage hasn’t surfaced and I certainly was helpless. No fault lays with Minna Penbrooke in her sister’s scheme other than as another object to be used to fulfill her objectives and have my companion mount her.”
“We are agreed. The child’s innocence isn’t in question.” Chillie, the Pixie princess said from atop her book. Minna’s parents sighed. “Truth I hear in your words. You may all leave the stage. The testimony is enough to satisfy this tribunal.”
They left.
Odin stood from his throne, as imposing a figure as ever. “Kira Penbrooke, your violations have been confirmed before this tribunal. Before your sentence is presented I’ll allow a moment to hear any defense you may have.”
Still under the collar’s magic to speak true she said, and stood under her on power. “I have none.” And then she turned to the pair. “But Kanade, Ethan,” Kira swallowed a lump in her throat. “I’m sooo sorry for what I did to you both. My jealousy was inappropriate. I know it’s too late for apologies, but I regret everything. It was wrong. I was wrong. I’m so very sorry.”
“Magistrate Morom, do you have anything to say?” The Ogre leader shook his head, silver hair shining in the lighting. “Chillie?” The Pixie mimicked the movement. “Morgane?” Same. “Queen Gra?”
“Yes.” The beautiful and powerful queen of the Amazons rose from her seat. “Kira, if Ethan was single I would commend you on your victory of conquering another male, but as it stands he has a soul mate. What you did was hurt a sister. We are above men’s pettiness. We bring young into the world. We nurture and protect. You forget that so long as a sister has claim over a man, you do not steal her property. If Kanade were an Amazon, you would be challenged and killed. Be thankful, for any other circumstance would have been your end if she could do harm.” Icy brown eyes turned to the All Father. “Now I’m finished.” She sat.
“Kira, by unanimous decision of this tribunal you are guilty of all the violations against you. You have two options to choose from. First is that you be banished and exiled from Order. You would therefore be thrust into the world for the remainder of your days and lose all protection the Houses offer. You would never have aid, see any friends or family. If attacked and killed, you will not have your killers brought to justice. You will be stripped of all your magic and, should the demons not realize who you are, you will die of old age like every other human.
“The other option is to go on a solitary hunt to atone for your crimes. If you live, you may return and Dress will keep an eye on you and alert this tribunal if you ever start any suspicious behavior or creations.”
Kira merely had to look at her miserable family to decide “I’ll take the hunt.” She didn’t want to die of old age, lose her family and powers.
“So shall it be.” Odin slammed the butt of Gungnir on the floor like a judge would a gavel. “Tattoo, what have you preselected?”
The deceptively deadly man in the wheelchair lifted a sheet of paper to say “For a hunt that will fit the crimes, my network has confirmed reports of nine confirmed missing young women who were found dead after recently giving birth nine months after being reported missing in Amsterdam. Through one of our Nagai scouts and a Spirit Guide telling the all the girls souls being killed intentionally to eat, thereby breaking the accords, we are stepping in. The Nagai was able to catch the scent of the perpetrators and followed the trail to an abandoned farm outside the city. One of my aerial mini spy planes not an hour ago penetrated the building and showed thirty heat signatures inside.” Tattoo dropped the paper and looked at the Witch. “Kira, you will be hunting down and eliminating no less than a dozen Incubi. My scan of the building couldn’t positively tell which were incubus or woman, but your task is to kill them all and free the kidnapped women. There is a high probability they will be pregnant and be in great need.”
Kira went sheet white at the task given. Her mother collapsed while her father looked at Tattoo as if the man lost his damn mind. Kira’s mother knew she was listening to her daughter’s death sentence and couldn’t bare consciousness.
What broke the silence startled the whole room was a growl. “No.”
Heads turned to none other than Ethan who slowly stood. Kanade watched him move forward and couldn’t believe how calm he was. No one stopped him from stepping in front of Kira, effectively shielding her from the tribunal’s sight. The two Amazons looked at each other curiously. “Tattoo, that hunt is too dangerous for Kira.”
The second in command stared evenly at the Elemental. “It is her punishment for her crimes.”
“And I’m not saying she shouldn’t be punished. Just pick a different one. Sending a woman alone to an Incubus nest? Even I know that is a suicide mission and I’ve never seen one of them demons.” His calmness had everyone staring, except the mother who hadn’t recovered.
“Oh?” Odin finally grinned. “If you’ve never met an Incubus, how would you classify it as a suicide mission?”
“My angel and companion’s stories matched. After I died and returned with the spirit egg to wait and be revived, Kanade told me about many of the creatures, especially those I’ll be facing. Storm-shadow further explained how Order hunts certain demons who’ve gone out of line and started killing people to eat their souls. Firstly, if your assessment is right, this is a band consisting of nothing more than the greatest predator to women. They must not have a master or owe allegiance and are threatening to reveal the supernatural because suspicion is already being raised. What I’m saying is what I’ve been taught and if I’m wrong, I’ll apologize. Storm said you never take a woman to hunt even one incubus, not even Amazons. The incubus power is a honey trap to all women. Just setting eyes on one will make them an Incubus sex slave who will do anything to please him… just as you would never send a man to take down a Succubus. It does the same thing. Kira would be helpless and end up like the other kidnapped victims and I’ll not stand by for such a punishment. I’m none too thrilled on what she did to me, but I can’t watch her go alone into a hungry bear’s den covered in raw meat and bathed in syrup.”
“Ethan,” Tattoo sighed. “You are still new, but Kira brought this on herself. If she cannot resist her nature to save the lives of innocent women… well she will atone in death and still be avenged. This is the tribunal’s unanimous decision. Kira is going to kill the nest or die trying.”
The Elemental looked at the ancient gazes on him. “If you haven’t forgotten,” he looked each leader in the eye. “I took the Warrior’s oath. I vowed to endanger myself to protect another. Fate gave me a second chance on the words I become that warrior. Sending Kira alone would violate my oath, no matter what she did to me. I can’t in good conscience allow this… Even if it means withdrawing what happened.”
Eyebrows raised and Kanade sat with a dropped jaw that matched Storm-shadow’s. “Quite a large pair you got, Lad.” Odin seemed pleased, but remained neutral. “Unfortunately it isn’t your decision, but ours. Kira’s been long overdue for consequences not even you know of. Because she is our strongest Witch she pushes her craft in dangerous and forbidden areas. She will get someone killed because she doesn’t have the humility you possess. Kira will verify the situation and eliminate the demons, but” Odin held up a lone finger. “there is a condition in our laws that will allow you to retain your vows.”
“I’m listening, Sir.” Ethan calmed further while Kira was speechless behind him.
“Kira will require a supervisor in her hunt. All who break the law require it to keep them on track and from running away. As you say, Incubi are a honey trap for the fairer sex. You are male and therefore immune to their charms. Those women need to be found and rescued before they end up like the others. I also know you are combat ready from Blake’s daily reports to be capable of defending yourself against those lower class demons. If you feel as you sound, you may be her supervisor so you can maintain your oath to protect this family. This will be the only concession I’ll allow the tribunal to discuss.”
Ethan turned to Kanade and said “Angel, I can’t stand by and watch anyone die and if they don’t kill her outright, they’ll rape her too. I know she hurt y…”
“I know.” Kanade finally smiled, knowing her soul mate wasn’t the kind of person to stand by when others were in danger. “I might not like this idea, but it’s why everyone loves you. You’re honor bound and more mature than I about this.”
“Alright.” Ethan told the assembled. “I’ll keep an eye on Kira.”
“There is one condition you must swear to.” Morom said as his large blue body shifted forward. “As a supervisor of the prisoner you may not intervene in her hunt unless there is a clear piece of missing information. If there are only Incubi and Kira gets killed, you must let her die, but if she does you may step in and burn them with your power to protect her soul. Only then may you show yourself, Ethan. If she dies or through misinformation are you allowed to intervene. Is that understood?” The Ogre’s large eye bored into Ethan’s.
Ethan made a hard fist that turned his knuckles white. He did maintain a calm presence and tone though. “Understood, Sir.” Over his shoulder he said. “Kira, if you die I promise to keep your soul from being eaten.” She could only stare.
Odin looked to each leader who all nodded in agreement. “Very well, Ethan, go ready yourself and return here after lunch, Lad. Use the remainder to prepare for the hunt. It will be only the two of you. You know what must be done. Lives are at stake. Amazons, take the prisoner wherever she must to prepare for her hunt.” The two muscle bound women turned Kira around and she followed out the door, completely unable to believe what just happened.
When the doors shut Tattoo said “Ethan, that was a brave thing you just did.” His wife agreed with a curt nod. “After yesterday’s incident, I know very few who even took the Warrior’s oath who would stand anywhere near someone who did such a despicable act of betrayal. I know I wouldn’t have done it.”
“That’s because I would have snapped her in half.” Gra said seriously.
“Nevertheless, Ethan, before you go, come here for a moment.” The Elemental stepped forward to the desk, passing Chillie as she flew out an open window. Tattoo reached behind his low backrest and dug in his bag till finding what he sought and pulled it out. “Here, you’ll need this.” The object turned out to be a strange earpiece with a thin bar holding a clear oval lens. It looked remarkably like half of a pair of adjustable glasses. “This is an invention of mine that I’ve patented and costs eight hundred thousand points. I’ll start taking five hundred each month from your account till it’s paid off in a century or if you pay more. The U.S. military really wants their hands on these. It serves many functions which will come in handy. It has multiple voice command functions you’ll need to learn. I’ll send an APP guide to your computer to learn all its uses. At the corner of the lens is a tiny camera the size of a pinhead and directional sound amplifier microphone thirty years ahead of anything even considered experimental. The microphone can pick up sounds from over a mile away from you, if it has a clear line of sight, and sends the amplified sounds to the earpiece here.” He pointed. “The camera can act like a sniper’s scope, but also give readouts to the lens which also maps distance, temperature, infrared, wind speeds and also calculates the speed at which you travel. The most important function is it records everything up to a hundred hours of data and is both solar powered and by heat. For a Fire Elemental you’ll have no problems in that department. Also it has been spelled to see beyond the veil so nothing will be missed and will self destruct if a person not recognized by Order picks it up. It is a safety function. Just know once it’s attached to your head it won’t run out of power.”
“But how? It is all so thin and fragile looking.”
Tattoo smiled. “It’s more durable than it looks. Also you may use it to contact me or one of my workers anywhere in the world. When it’s over, call and the nearest Pixie on duty will send you back here. Now go and brush up on the basics. This device will be primarily used to record Kira’s hunt. Once it learns your voice it cannot imprint on another unless it’s returned and I wipe it’s databanks.”
“And to make sure I follow orders. Got it.” Ethan hooked it around his left ear and adjusted the lens till it felt comfortable.
He turned around to find Kanade with her hands together, fidgeting and went to go say he was sorry, but was stopped by a little hand. Minna looked up with teary eyes as her mother was just coming around. “Mister Ethan, take care of my sister…”
“Enough Minna.” Her father said and pulled her back before looking Ethan over and saying “I’m truly sorry for what happened, Young Man.” Ethan didn’t know how old this Wizard is, but was odd because they looked around the same age. “And your wife is right. That was quite mature, what you did for my little girl… and I would like to offer thanks that you chose to be her supervisor. I don’t know what I’d do if they did kill her and devour her soul. But what I do know is you can save hers if it happens. You have my thanks, but now I must take care of my family and visit Kira one last time, just in case.” The man tuned and he and his family left.
Kanade took Ethan’s hand and wrapped her arms and wings around him. “Oh Ethan,” she whispered. “I wish I could go, but can’t. I really don’t want you goin’ with her, but I’m glad you aren’t as petty as me. Let’s go home.”
“Ethan,” Storm-shadow stopped them. “nor may I go. I do have advice though.” Ethan looked over as Kanade’s wings spread. “Do not reveal your presence, but stay near your charge. Defend yourself if attacked and burn them to ash.”
Fire exploded from Ethan’s fist. “No problem there. I’ve finally got somewhere I belong to return to.”
Kanade grabbed the fiery hand. “And if all is well, there will be a surprise.”
“What kind?” Ethan perked up.
“It wouldn’t be much of a surprise if I told you now would it?”
“Guess not.” He chuckled. “Storm, do Spirit Guides have surprises like human’s?”
“I’m not so familiar with biped customs. What is this surprise you speak of?” Kanade giggled at the bold faced lie. Storm-shadow snickered. “Never mind. I’m not part of your filly’s plans… or am I?”
“Certainly not.” Kanade winked at the stallion.
“Then I must watch over the herds again. My sire has tended to my duty long enough. We will meet for lunch. If rules were different I would accompany you to battle, but this is the one instance I cannot.” Storm-shadow galloped straight through the nearest window.
“Come, let us go home. I will make you as protected as I can before you go.” He went for the door, but she pulled him into her soft bosom and leapt outside like other fliers. She asked when she leveled off “Comfortable?”
“Between these fluffy pillows? Definitely!” He kissed her neck. “I just wish I could fly beside you. It would at least make me feel less dependent in our relationship.”
In a soothing tone she pulled him up so they were face to face, soaring over the ground. “Don’t say that. I’m the one who is now dependent. I’ve never enjoyed flyin’ half as much since I’ve had you. Right now I would not have you any other way. And if you could fly, you wouldn’t be able to enjoy my pillows as much as I love usin’ them on you.”
He reddened and she kissed him quickly, but then laughed as she was poked in the eye by the device over his eye and attached at the ear. “That was interestin’.”
For the next hour Ethan sat in his room, learning about the headset on his bed with the tablet running the eye-piece’s programs. Kanade sat behind him with him between her legs. In her hand she clutched a simple piece of rock she spelled to protect him in event of an emergency that would shield him for five minutes from any demon or physical attack. Enchanting objects took time and effort. Even one hour wasn’t enough for her, but she did her best while he taught the device to listen to his commands and how to use it to the best of his abilities.
Then they had lunch and both were so nervous they skipped it. Ethan for this being the first time he’d left the grounds for a mission and Kanade for seeing her soul mate about to depart for danger.

“There they are.” Ethan pointed on the road outside the main entrance.
Beside the two Amazons from before stood Kira, her family and a Pixie flitting around impatiently. Kira had changed into something more appropriate. Skintight black leather pants and top that closed at the neck. Around her waist was a belt containing several potions as well as a thin, sheathed dagger. Sunglasses hung on top of her head while her hair was tightly braided in a long rope. She even wore boots made of soft leather. Kira’s image was striking, more than usual for she actually looked quite like a deadly Witch. The only distraction was Ken hanging from her shoulder. When Ethan, Kanade and Storm-shadow were seen, Kira’s parents and sister gave one last hug.
“Are you ready, Kira?” Ethan asked. Kira saw Ethan wore his boots, but changed into a dark brown pair of jeans and a green shirt with sleeves that hid his reflective silvery bracelets. Over one eye was an active headset that she noticed calculating several things from the eye-screen. She noticed he was as nervous as Kanade, but knew he was not only powerful, but looked it now.
“I… I am, Boyo.” The Witch swallowed.
“Aren’t you going to ask me?” Ken demanded.
“Couldn’t care less.” Ethan’s nerves settled. “In fact, why don’t I do Minna a favor and destroy your container so you don’t corrupt anyone else? I’m in no mood for your bullshit. If you don’t straighten up, Ken, or get Kira killed, you won’t need to worry about your ownership going to her.”
“Oh go to Hell. I’m done listening to you prattle like a bent over whore. I’ll do as I damn well please and have fun doing it. If I want to ruin this hunt you will damn sure believe I’ll do it! So go Fuc…”
Ethan grabbed the tome and pulled it from Kira who was instantly afraid. He glared and growled. “I’ll make certain your terror of influence ends right now. I can’t trust you to not mess things up.” He looked up and whistled as a passing Spirit Guide flew overhead. The ethereal giant of a man with ruby red wings and hair looked down. “Hey! Big Red, C’mere!” The Spirit Guide landed nearby and was highly curious if his smirk said anything. Ethan looked to Kira’s mother and asked “Do I have your permission to get rid of him?”
The mother stared openly before seeing the seriousness burn in his eyes. She answered after looking at her children. “It cannot be done. The enchantments are too powerful. If you could, I would say yes. I hate that vile man. Got my sister killed after he left my possession. Our line has tried to rid that bloody fool… our mistake for centuries. He taunted me to no end and you can’t shut him up forever. If I could spare Minna…”
Ethan turned to the ten foot tall Guide. “Get ready to play catch. One soul with an express ticket to Torment long overdue is about to be released.”
Before anyone could stop him, Ethan engulfed Ken in a white hot bonfire. The soul bound to leather cried “NO!!!” as the brown skin began blackening inch by inch every second. Everyone jumped back, except Kanade and the amused Spirit Guide who was nodding while looking at a sheet of silver paper that wasn’t there a moment ago. “Stop!” Ken screamed in true agony.
Kira’s mother looked horrified as she screamed “THE PAGES!”
Then it all ended as the leather was consumed and tuned to ash. Without the bindings of powerful magic, Ken’s soul was released in a slightly burning white orb. The souls screams ended as Ken no longer was bound. “What? Oh no…”
The red winged Spirit Guide stepped forward and opened his mouth. With a quick intake of air the soul of Ken was safely stored. “My thanks, Fire-thrower.” The Guide said in a deep bass voice. “Kennith Gowdie is as you say, long overdue. He will be taken soon to Spirit World and sentenced for twenty thousand years as ordered by Fate.” And then he flew off.
Ethan walked up to the family with a handful of unburned aged papers and a smile. “The cretin is gone. You forget I perfectly control fire. All the contents are unharmed, but I’m afraid the enchantments burnt away with the leather. Since this is your family’s, you’ll need to protect it. Now you’ll have to suffer through silence and figure out how to find spells by turning the page.”
The heavy pages dropped into stunned hands. “But how? When? He’s gone? Ken is really gone?” she dropped to her knees. “The family curse is lifted?”
“And now Kira’s chances are better without him giving away she’s a Witch.” He corrected. “Now we’re ready to go.”
The Pixie went to clap and stopped as Kanade stepped forward saying “One moment.” Then the Enchantress’s hardening gaze locked on green. “Kira, what you did was unforgivable. And I can say I despise you and you know I mean it, but” She paused as Kira looked down in shame. “I do not wish you to die. Ethan is a good man and I know that is what drew you to him. He will protect you. And I’m warnin’ you, do not touch him again. He is my angel, my mate. Just because I cannot harm you doesn’t mean I’m not furious. You better come back and prove you are a better woman because of this hunt. If you don’t change I’ll use my influence as Enchantress to ban you from this House. We fight for Order, but you actions were in line with Chaos.”
“I completely understand, Kanade.” Kira said in a small voice. “After this hunt, you can be assured I learned my lesson.”
“Now can I send them?” The Pixie asked impatiently.
“Yes.” Kanade gave Ethan a quick kiss. “Be safe.”
“With Ken gone, it’ll be safer for sure.” He replied. There was a clap and they vanished. Kanade moved to the nearest tree, broke down and wept. Storm-shadow laid down in front of her, blocking others from seeing her in such a vulnerable state. Especially how her mate went off with a woman who already violated him.

Shade cast from a thick woodland canopy was the first thing they noticed as the Pixie had transferred them into the heart of a dense forest. It was so thick nothing could be determined as anything beyond four yards was heavily obscured. Ethan immediately spoke a sequence of commands and the lens instantly recalculated from the instant travel from Gairlochy, Scotland to somewhere just outside Amsterdam. The Heads Up Display or HUD finished its processing in a lone second, he turned his head till a green dot centered and pulsed in the center of the screen lens while the compass in the upper right read NNE and he said “We’re five miles from the target building, Kira. You ready?”
“Do I have a choice?” She asked rhetorically and he turned to see her shiver in the leather outfit.
“Look, I won’t send you in till your nerves settle. It’s five miles through thick brush so we have time to chat. Besides, you’ll get through this.”
“How come you sound so confident?” She had to ask.
“Adrenaline is helping. Tell you the truth, I’m scared witless too. But in the month I’ve spent at the House, I got a lot done. And compared to Blake beating me senseless and running me ragged, a group of molesters will be easy to smoke out. Besides, my power can end this in a second if things go sideways… Speaking of power, what’s your plan.”
“Not to die.” She replied darkly. “Which way is it? Why couldn’t the demons pick a city where we don’t have to hoof it through woods?”
“This way.” He pointed. “And these rapists stole women who are likely terrified if not drugged. A populated city would draw too much attention I’d wager. One scream and if someone heard… well the police wouldn’t be able to handle one Incubus, let alone however many are there.”
She sighed and led the way. Kira was quieter not only because she was smaller, but because she had been on hunts before. As the most powerful Witch at the First House it was almost a prerequisite to support other hunters as a warrior too. Behind, Ethan was a bit more clumsy, but he kept up and thankfully didn’t trip.
Branches snapped, leaves crunched under foot, telling it had been quite awhile since it rained last. They skirted trees and hopped dry streambeds. After a mile they came upon an old game trail which Ethan said “Kira, you’ve been awfully quiet. This trail seems to be going in the general direction we’re headed and is likely their usual path.”
The Witch turned her green eyes to him and he saw she was in pure misery. “I just don’t understand, Boyo. Why?”
“Context here would be helpful.”
“Men.” She threw up her arms and wiped her wet cheeks. “Why are you doing this for me after what I did? I feel horrible enough and now you’re my supervisor. For the past hour I’d hope you would burn me alive just to make it quick and painless. I know you enough that you aren’t taking pleasure in this and I know you are angry, as you should be. I just wanted a few hours with you and no one was supposed to know, not even you. Now I have to face my worst nightmare and the enemy of all women. What are you getting out of all this?”
“Kira,” Ethan sighed. “look, you’ve been a great friend this past month.. if a little too straightforward. Even if you hadn’t given me that roofie and did this to another, as your friend, I would still be here right now. I’m going to do everything in my power to keep you alive and just because I’m justifiably mad doesn’t mean I’ll stand by and watch you die. And I know I’m being recorded, but I’m going to disobey orders to see you survive no matter what Odin or the council decides. You also heard Kanade, she doesn’t want you to die either. So get it through that thick skull of yours that you will see your family again. You are just twenty three, Kira, you have a lot more to see and I hope you never forget this lesson. This isn’t a suicide mission, but a rescue one. You’ll do as much work as you can, but if it gets too risky I’m going in.”
Tears stemmed their flow. “What happened to the shy nerd who likes talking about the latest issue of X-men or the Incredible Spider-man? You sounded quite mature just then.” She tried to joke and got him to actually smile.
“It’s the Amazing Spider-man I’ll have you know. Incredible belongs to the Hulk. Kira, I’ll always be a nerd at heart, just as you will remain a powerful Witch. Now that you’ve got that out of your system, what is your plan? I won’t step in if I don’t need to, just to keep Morom from chewing my head off about my last comment. You chose this over exile and it’s your show. I don’t want to mess up anything.”
Kira grabbed the collar of her tight leather and flapped it to cool herself some. “Alright… well my plan is to hope these don’t fail me.” She took off her sunglasses and twirled one of the stems around her hand. “My spells of protection aren’t near that of Kanade’s or are permanent, but I can place a few spells that will let me keep my senses if I spot an Incubus and not try to mount it… so long as it won’t look at me.”
“And if it does?”
“Then its sexual powers will overwhelm the spells on my glasses and I’ll be helpless to his whims… much like you were.” She looked down.
Ethan growled and she shrunk back, remembering the primal sound from last night and the slight burns still on her wrist from when he found out and dragged her from the bedroom. “Enough Kira. You can beat yourself up later. It’s done, over with. Right now focus. Get your act together and put back that cocky, self sure attitude that makes you who you are.”
“Kind of hard to do without my ancestor making me mad… Thank you by the way. It’s good to have silence again. And thanks for saving Minna from his vile mouth and personality.”
“Ken would have gotten you killed.” He stated the truth.
“You aren’t going to find an argument from me. He’s almost got me killed four times on group hunts. He hated what my ancestors did to him and has been a curse no one could undo till today.” That cocky, sultry smile began its return. “The look on Mother’s face was priceless. The family is in your debt and if I do die, I know my sister won’t need to worry about him… Actually I have a request.” He tilted his head openly. “If it happens… I want my soul bound to the new spell book. I’ll protect my family secrets and be much kinder…”
“Got it.” He stepped forward and knocked on her head pretty hard. “EARTH TO KIRA! Stop worrying.”
“Ow!” she stepped back and rubbed her head. “Don’t mess up my hair!”
Ethan grinned. “What else is in your plan? You can’t be relying on just a pair of sunglasses.”
She shook her head as she put the sunglasses on and licked her lips. “No,” she touched her stocked waist-belt. “these potions have different properties. When we get within two miles I’ll wipe myself down so they won’t smell me. Incubi have a nose for Witches and women in their sexual prime. You’re safe. They don’t react to men. It will allow me to get close. And until I can see where the lads are nesting, these others might come in handy. My hope is they will be together so I can alter their perception like I did yesterday to Kanade, Storm and Minna. Then I can move around and get any girls out before I cast spells which will collapse the building and send a blast of Spirit Energy in a spike of grass blades to kill them.”
“Grass?” he was skeptical.
Kira made a swift motion with her finger and a single blade of dry grass plucked from the ground, snapped straight like a knife blade as a light blue energy surrounded it and with a simple motion, shot it completely through a thick tree and buried it half in a rock. “Impressive no?”
“Alright then.” He swallowed and felt new respect was earned for the Caster community. “But why must you get close?”
“Distance. The closer the stronger my spells will be. Levitating is easy, but perception altering isn’t feasible over long distance. Casted too far, the spells won’t make time seem slow enough. And as for killing, adding Spirit Energy to sharpen grass lasts only a second or two. If I shoot from afar, nothing will happen. I can’t do any of my more powerful spells or risk hurting the humans.” She explained.
“Much better.” He nodded, glad to hear her plan. “Now you can hear mine.” Ethan pulled a smooth stone from his pocket covered almost entirely by dozens of tiny runes and showed her. “Kanade made this after we got to our room. Some are word activated, but she left a single space for you to activate a single spell to protect yourself.” He knelt on the path and drew a symbol with his finger. “She said you would know this rune.”
Kira’s eyes blinked quickly, not realizing the depths of how good these two truly are. “Yes, it means ‘to split.’ But without another sequence it will have no direction.”
“That is what she told me too.” He put the rock back in his pocket. “If something happens and you can get to me, it will split light and effectively make us disappear for five minutes at most. By then you will have time to recover and counter… unless I need to step in.”
“I’ve got a lot to make up for.” She swallowed.
“Sure do.” He reinforced seriously.
With calmer minds and purpose to survive, they quickly followed the path.
Every step brought them closer. Kira’s greater experience during hunts saved Ethan from stepping on a tripwire made from fishing line. He didn’t see it till she held an arm out because not only was it unexpected and hair thin, it proved the Incubus nest was set up to kill unwelcome visitors. Kira disabled the trap and found a second not four yards later. If the first was avoided, the second waited for the foolish who expected nothing else. Wooden spikes would kill instantly.
Two miles before starting the final leg, Kira pulled a cloth from between her breasts along with a vial of green liquid and soaked the cloth before rubbing every inch of herself, even her thick braid of hair. The application turned clear as it soaked in. “Help me with my back please. Just the leather. It’ll trap my scent.”
“Must be stifling in there.” He said as he wiped the black leather.
“Extremely,” Kira admitted. “but I need it. Leather is a good medium for retaining magic. The potion I’m wearing would last ten minutes on cotton and other fabrics. Leather will maintain it for five hours. Leather is just treated skin and skin holds magic longer as Spirit Energy recognizes a proper container… except for enchanters who aren’t limited in power and can craft permanent runes.”
“Yes, but even I know you can do spells even Kanade cannot.” He returned the cloth she stuffed back down her cleavage and zipped up the opening to the hollow of her throat. “Kanade cannot make sharpened ice, create fire or make levitated objects into deadly projectiles. Her magic can only protect, not destroy. It is a tradeoff, Kira.”
“You do learn quick.”
“Only because my assumptions get me in trouble and I hate trouble.”
They moved from on carefully and a mile later they got off the path the enemy obviously used frequently. More traps and simple warning creations would only make following it further in more dangerous. Kira became more anxious with each step, but felt more at ease with Ethan beside her. It was well known Ethan, when determined, focuses on one thing and blocks everything else out. His earlier hesitation and attempts of levity turned serious and removed distraction. Kira, deep down, was glad he was there and not as a reminder of her crime. Steel grey eyes narrowed through the woods. The HUD over his eye began counting down the feet after the last mile ended and gradually his awkward traveling through the woods became as quiet as any jungle cat on the hunt. Kira was surprised to say the least.
As they crept up a small hill she stopped as his large hand gripped her shoulder and pushed her down easily. In a whisper he said “We’re here. Now I need to verify if this is the place.” They laid side by side in the thick vegetation and as Kira heard him command his headset, she looked over the hill slowly.
Ahead, hidden beside a pond was a dilapidated cabin or maybe it could have been a barn at one time. Around it were thick trees that offered much cover. Old windows were cracked and the roof was in desperate need of repair. Vines, grass and shrubs grew wild and Kira doubted anyone lived there, but she could feel it was a perfect place to avoid attention and was so remote that it was a miracle a place like this had been tracked down. But then as the wind shifted she caught a scent that made her shiver in sexual delight. It was a strong musk with floral undertones that only males could wear and not seem feminine in the least. She felt more sexually excited over this scent than the whole of her life and knew it was undoubtedly Incubus musk, incredibly powerful. She remembered it as all women of Order must so that if they smell it to run to safety or be trapped by the sexual demon.
Ethan touched her shoulder and she shook her head to clear it. He still looked straight at the building and Kira noticed the lens had gone from clear to dark blues, reds and oranges in color. “With all the trees blocking, it’s impossible to see any warm bodies through the walls, but I hear voices. I count three male voices. We’re about two hundred feet away. Can you tell anything, Kira?”
“Only that there is definitely an Incubus. I can smell him?”
“Really?” He sniffed. “I smell only forest.”
“You wouldn’t be able to.” She whispered. “Only females can smell an Incubus. I wouldn’t be able to smell a Succubus, but you could. And if one was here, you would certainly know, just as I do. Ethan, mind if I use that? Before I even think of getting close I want to know as much as possible.” He took it off without hesitation and handed it over without taking his eyes away from the large cabin. He didn’t want to miss anything.
For the next thirty minutes they laid on the hill in silence and to avoid detection, Kira looking as best she could and listening to idle conversation of four deep voiced individuals through the headset. Their speech was nearly hypnotic and Kira knew that these demons already affected her and her resistance was barely keeping the thoughts of what she wanted from surfacing at bay. But she heard whimpering and knew a woman was inside, but the images on screen were useless and couldn’t see through walls just like natural eyes. “This is it, I’m heading in.” Kira said as she returned his device and watched him readjust it while she pulled two vials from her belt in event of an emergency.
“Good luck.” She heard and she lightly stepped over to a thick tree and dropped low. Peeking around it she moved away from the window, trying to use the trees as cover and utilize natural blind spots. The potent odor increased with each step closer, but she maintained composure. Her small feet avoided dry sticks as best possible and she moved slow so as to avoid crunching the grass.
Two hundred feet took a half hour to approach a shrub that grew up beside the building. So close to a window she could now hear that there were more women inside mewling for more attention by the group of Incubi. The fully naked humans were helpless against their captors power and wanted to couple all day and night long. They were quite literally turned into loyal sex-slaves, unable to resist the demons and were incapable of thinking anything else. Even if the humans couldn’t see through the veil, demonic power still worked. Kira slowly peeked into a room and was startled to see eleven women bound to a dirty bedroll, six with swollen bellies and looked full term, ready to give birth any day. Worse yet, on the other side of the room were a dozen cribs with baby Incubi being tended to by a mature one. It was a breeding nest that had to end.
The Incubus watching over the young was a man of six feet and built like a tank. His skin was lavender in tone with long golden hair that flowed down his shoulder blades. He wore simple jeans and no shoes. Kira felt the drawling sexual energy intensify within her own genital folds swelling and wetting for penetration, but her sunglasses blocked the innate Incubus power just enough to retain sanity. Still, from the back, the demon was raw manly power with long limbs, narrow waist and bulging with muscle in all the right places.
The demon’s muscles twitched and Kira drew away from the window just in time to not lose control. Her heart hammered wildly and she struggled to control her breathing. Inside, she heard a door shut and the women inside quieted down.
Kira went to move to the next window.
Unknowingly to her, two more Incubi were silently coming from a hidden nearby pond after fishing and caught sight of her. They smiled greedily to each other and stalked up behind as she peeked into another window where their brothers relaxed and slept.
Cold fear shot down Kira’s back when there came a voice as soft as silk that offered great sex and endless pleasures. “Welcome to our humble abode.” The words both terrified and exhilarated her. Before she could use the potions, one of the brothers spun Kira around and the direct azure gaze overwhelmed her sunglasses. The second brother increased the power over her and made her completely helpless. The first delicately held out his large, erotic hands she wanted caressing her. “Now Love, hand over those toys so we can play like adults. It’s been awhile since a Witch was in our midst.” Kira wanted to desperately please and gave over not just what was in her hands, but every potion, sunglasses and even her small dagger.
Nothing of her remained except to please them. All was freely given.
“Brothers!” the second crowed. “Special Delivery! And what a looker!”
Five more came outside immediately to find Kira pawing the second brother, rubbing herself against him. With so many Incubi focusing their powers, she was unable to speak, but her body turned into a machine of lust. The eldest brother and largest grinned, the shirtless one from the nursery and breeding room. “Well done! A Witch? She must have been a very bad girl to be sent after us. It means we are now on Order’s radar. She will be good for breeding our sons, but we can no longer stay here. If she was sent to kill us, her supervisor will have left the moment she was caught and shall soon return with actual warriors. Keep her near. The master must know we have been compromised. Until he tell us what to do, we cannot leave. Keep the Witch near, but pack our things and ready our sons. The sluts too. He will likely let us keep them since they are all ours. We’ll need to set up a watch soon.”
The seven hurried inside to begin packing.
Ethan watched in fury as Kira helplessly rubbed herself over one while a second groped through her top to feel her exceptionally well endowed breast, but he was too far when he saw the supermodel men with light purple skin hurry back inside. Kira disappeared too and for the moment, he overheard everything and made a field decision. With seven physically powerful demons inside packing in a rush, Ethan took a gamble and ran down the hill to jump into a patch of shrubs close to the open door.
Just as the camouflage of greenery stilled the largest demon with big blue-green eyes stepped outside with a cell phone and was dialing. In the man’s bare shoulder was a brand that looked like a caged eagle that was seared into his skin. A lesser demon lord’s mark. He flicked his platinum blonde hair away from a youthful face to say “Master, we’ve been discovered.”
Thanks to Tattoo’s creation, Ethan targeted the man’s too handsome face and picked up the conversation with the headset. “By whom!?”
“A Witch. We didn’t smell her and there was no other woman with her. We got her and she is in her prime, big breasts and wide hips. She will bear an army of sons if we tell her to use magic on herself. Every six weeks she would. What do you wish of us?”
“I’ll be there in a moment to get you.” The call ended.
Not five seconds later an Elf popped right in front of the Incubus. The Elf’s sickly yellow skin was mostly covered in a child’s blue jeans and a beige shirt. Around his chest was a wicked bow, also at his back was a quiver full of short arrows and several throwing knives were at his belt. Ethan knew that the Elf might be no taller than four feet and the weapons small, they were lethal. Any Elf could match speeds of a Naga and notch an arrow in the blink of an eye and have the strength of two men with which could draw the string of the bow that was deceptively powerful. Ethan held completely still, even he stopped breathing because the Elf’s long pointed ears were powerful and stood not ten yards away. “Be quick, Oaf!” The Elf hissed. “If the enemy comes soon we’re all dead. Don’t waste time with the pregnant women or young. We do not have time. Bring me the Witch, slay the rest.”
The Elf hissed as he spun when there came a growl from a bush. It exploded in a burst of fire. Centered in it was a man rising into a standing position. The Elf notched an arrow and loosed it, but it exploded from a superheated ‘BOOM!’ that threw the two demons into a tree with a mighty shockwave. Ethan growled “Not today! I’m ending this.”
Fire shot from Ethan’s palm at them, but he watched as the Elf suddenly disappeared without clapping like a Pixie, but the wild look in those beady black eyes were terrified. The leader Incubus on the other hand was wrapped in fire that burned him alive. He couldn’t even scream as he inhaled pure flame.
Six Incubi came running out with weapons after hearing the explosion. One carried a weight bar with four hundred pounds in a hand like it weighed nothing. Ethan knew they were hopped up on souls of women who they raped and killed while feeding off their sexual energies and each one was well fed and in their prime.
None of that made a difference in front of a Fire Elemental who was done sitting around. Their moment of hesitation lingered on their dead bother and a man cloaked in flames had cost them everything. “Raaa!” Ethan roared while aiming a palm at them and loosing a stream of red and orange heat like a flame thrower that clung to them like napalm. Agonizing pain lasted shortly as every one of the six were burned alive for their inexcusable crimes of rape, murder and destroying souls of those who bore their children life.
When all were nothing but charred husks and no more surprises were forthcoming, Ethan pulled the fire to himself and ended it. Smoke and the smell of burnt pork filled the air, enough to make Ethan gag, but nothing else was so much as singed, not the grass or even dead leaves. It wasn’t over yet as Ethan said “You really think you got away don’t you.” He grinned and remembered every detail of the Elf mastermind, held out his hand and a softball size Drone appeared. “Too bad so sad. You let me see you. Big mistake.” He said more to himself, cocked his arm back and threw the ethereal fireball. After it left his had it shot immediately around and past his shoulder like an indestructible bullet. The Drone shot through trees and the forest, only getting faster as no solid matter could stop it. It would ruthlessly seek the Elf for all eternity till it was killed.
Ethan stepped around the dead killers and into the house to find Kira curled into a ball in the corner with a pleasured look on her face as her hands were down in her leather pants, pleasing herself. “Kira, snap out of it.” He shook her, but her green eyes were glazed over. “I hope Kanade is right.” Ethan gently slapped Kira, but didn’t get a rise. A second, harder smack broke the spell.
Kira shook her head, touching her throbbing cheek. The Incubus odor still unsettled her, but she looked around a little more like herself. Then she shook violently as she remembered it all. Her lower lip trembled as she said “Ethan, you… saved me… it was horrible. I couldn’t stop myself from doing that. I feel so dirty… Are they all…?”
“Dead?” he finished slowly and helped her up. “Yes. The crispy critters are outside. Right now you need to focus.” There came the cry of several babies. “Kids? Kira what are we supposed to do now? I don’t think it’s over.”
“It’s not. The children need to die. I’ll erase the memories of the women, but…”
Ethan stepped in front of her and said determinedly “No. You will not kill a baby, even a demon baby. They didn’t violate the accords or eat their mother’s soul. So long as the demon doesn’t kill, I say let it be. Especially a baby. You can save the women by taking memories, but we must send the kids somewhere safe.”
Kira grimaced, but couldn’t say no. Not even she agreed with her idea that came from her lips. “The job’s done. Send the call.” And she ran outside to leave the stench that filled the room.
Ethan followed her after scanning the next room and forcing himself not to retch, knowing she needed to be watched, but upon seeing the overdone husks, he needed to destroy all evidence and cremated the bones to ash while saying “Priority contact, First House, Ethan Volorum for mission completed. Send in Pixie to pick us up at my location and dial Tattoo or nearest officer on call.” His earpiece went ‘Beep. Beep.’ As it sent the message and awaited response.
There was a ‘Click’ sound as if a phone was picked up and Tattoo’s face appeared on the lens’ screen. Ethan was highly surprised to see the video conference. “Got a message you’re done? But why did you call me? I’m a busy man, Ethan.”
“I know, but there’s been a bit of a snag.”
Tattoo listened to the report and nodded. “Good call, Kid. Kira must have been highly affected by the Incubus control to suggest slaughtering a helpless child. We’re not demons. You have my word that the demons will be sent to Demon World as is required by our law and another less affected Witch will cloud the women’s memories of the incident and have the unborn safely delivered or shed if early enough. They will have the best care, I’ll assure you. Kira’s hunt is over. Send the recording as soon as you can, for review of her case.” The image cut out and was done.
By the time the bones were even less than ash and scattered by the wind a Pixie appeared and sent Ethan and Kira back to the First House.

Lurking unnoticed in the shadows of the dense woods nearby were a pair of glowing, elliptical sea blue eyes. They were watching in secret the entire time and also heard it all. His greatest surprise was the scent of the Fire Elemental Order has been keeping secret. The hidden demon knew it was very weak, but he knew the underlying scent of that bearded man and it had to been reported immediately. As the man called Ethan and Witch Kira vanished with the Pixie, a grin spread and feline whisker’s twitched. “The king will sure be surprised to hear of this.” The demon said gleefully as he stood and pulled an enchanted demon seed from a pocket from his belt and threw it into the pond before jumping through the portal the seed opened, straight to Demon World.





Chapter 11

Waiting for their arrival just where they had left was Kanade who wrapped her arms and wings around Ethan from behind. He was startled because he barely stood for a second after being transferred. She immediately began talking “Are you alright? Hurt anywhere? I was so worried!”
“Angel, calm down. You’re talking too fast to be understood.” He laughed. “And you’re crushing me.” Her arms were much like steel bands.
Her strong sense of smell inhaled. She detected his natural smell, hers lingered from last night strongly. Nothing of Kira thankfully and a potent smell of burnt meat. Satisfied all went well and he returned to her, she released her hold while saying “I was so worried somethin’ happened. Most of the day has gone by. In a half hour dinner will be ready. Tell me what happened.”
Ethan could see Kira after soft wings pulled back. The Witch was on her knees crying openly in her mother’s embrace on the street with Minna too. The father stood near, crying too at seeing his child return alive safely. Then the Amazon guards stepped closer and with a purpose he couldn’t let slide. “One moment Kanade, I have something to take care of.”
He started over to the group and she followed, taking his hand and sighing in relief of his touch. “Kira, go stay with your family.”
“She will come with us.” One Amazon flexed her muscles and fingered a sword at her round hip.
Ethan looked up at the six foot nine woman levelly. “Her hunt is finished and needs her family after being controlled by a pack of Incubi. Your services are no longer needed ladies. Kira will stay with them till her case has been verified and punishment carried out.”
“You cannot order us, Boy.” The woman lazily smiled.
“Actually I just did, Bertha. I was her supervisor, she did her best and has returned. If you’re going to try overruling my judgment you better be ready to lose more than just singed eyebrows.”
“Is that a threat? I’ll tear you apart.” The Amazons glowered.
This time Ethan smiled. “I just killed seven Incubi without breaking a sweat…” then he gasped as he felt a twinge on the back of his neck and slapped a hand over it. “And apparently my Drone just took out their Elf master. It just connected, I felt it just now.” The pain vanished as quickly as it came. “If you interfere on my earlier promise ladies, you wouldn’t be able to get close to tear me apart.”
“Very well.” The silent, second Amazon said, realizing his power is greater than theirs. “She is your responsibility, Elemental. If she harms another or escapes, it will fall upon you to explain.” She grabbed her sister’s hand and pulled her away before conflict escalated.
Kira’s father promised “We will watch over her. Thank you, Ethan, for bringing her back and letting her stay with us.”
He simply nodded back. “I’ll also send you a copy of her hunt, but don’t show Minna. It quite graphic for a little girl. Especially towards the end. What is your name again?” The father gave it. “Alright. Expect it soon. Right now I need to head home, shower and get back for food.”
“Actually, Ethan,” Kanade said. “go ahead on home. I’ll be bringing supper home tonight. I have a few things to take care of first. Storm-shadow wanted to be here, but Star-bolt was injured when she and Queen Gra went on an Arachne hunt.”
“Injured? What happened? Will she be alright?” Worry filled him.
“She will be fine in a few days. She was bitten, but Arachne venom is very painful and paralyzing. Star-bolt though, I heard, flattened the overgrown bug before fallin’. Gra and healers are still with her and already asked for no visitors. Now get goin’. The sooner you send the recordin’ the faster everythin’ will settle.” Kanade gave a gentle swat on his backside which made him laugh and shake his head.
Ethan took off in a jog.
“Kanade?” the Enchantress turned towards Kira who fidgeted. “I wanted to say thank you for being kinder than me. The stone, he told me about it, and though it wasn’t used, I’m thankful. I think you should see my hunt… thought I didn’t do much except get captured and almost ended up as a breeding machine. Ethan is a true gentleman and though I can’t forgive myself, I’m happy you are his. He deserves a woman like you, not me.”
Touched by those words, Kanade let her power flow into Kira, which the Witch could also sense, but said nothing at the intrusion. Kanade learned Kira truly felt miserable compared to the jealous feelings she had sensed before. Then she pulled it back and laid a hand on the much smaller woman’s shoulder. “I planned on watchin’ every second and I’m glad you returned safely. And I won’t ever forget what you did, but I forgive you now that you truly know how horrible it was to lose control at the whims of another. I won’t expel you from this House if you swear to never let it happen again, especially with my mate.”
“I won’t, but may I ask a question?” Kanade stepped back and nodded while crossing her arms beneath her breasts. “Is it true everyone has a soul mate?”
The Enchantress smiled. “Of course everyone does. Your parents hide it well, but they too are soul mates. When you find yours you will know instantly as soon as you kiss one another. The only beings who find their angel differently are Pixie and Nymphs for they must mate to find their one. Many times, especially for immortals like us, our mate either finds us the moment we are born and waits till we are old enough or yours has yet to be born. Your dreams will be influenced frequently by your true mate. I was confused when I learned Ethan was mine only because I never knew my kind had mates outside our race. But my dreams, even as a little girl, were of a bearded man of great power that rivaled my own. I could not tell you how many thousands I’ve kissed before findin’ him.” She pointed at Ethan’s swift flight across the ground. “I was only confused because of circumstances. I made spells to help guide me to my angel, but nothin’ worked and I resorted to age old customs when I went to Spirit World, but you can find your mate more easily than I… if he is alive at the moment. The universe is a big place and my narrow search didn’t consider other races, but you won’t have my problems.”
“Really? I know I shouldn’t but could you teach…”
“Kira,” she turned to her red-eyed mother who’s tears finally slowed. “You don’t need to ask, Lass. And she is right about your father and I. We like to keep it a secret because it is rare to find your true soul mate so young. Many of us die before finding that person because we are all that stand between life and Chaos. I will show you how to divine your true mate. I wanted to for many years, but Ken was no longer mine and would not allow me access to the texts. But when he was my burden I found the spell which led me to your father. It is the most complex spell there is in our family. Now that Ken is gone and the pages safely maintained I’ll show you how, if you’ll like. It’ll take six months to complete the ritual and during that time you cannot have sex, not even with yourself or you’ll need to start over.” The last part her mother said was done as she covered Minna’s ears. Her husband turned slightly red as he heard it too.
“After meeting seven bloody Incubi there won’t be any trouble in that area.” Kira vowed. “I never want that to happen again.” She shivered, even in hot leather.
“Let’s go home girls.” The father said. “It’s been a long day and I’ll even suffer through one of your chic-flicks if you want to.”
“At least we don’t need to listen to Ken’s annoying comments.” Kira quipped on the bright side and got a laugh from her parents. “Father, what I need is a shower and to sleep. Is that alright?”
“Why certainly, Love. I’ll even get Cook to make your favorite ice cream.”
“That I would like, Father.” Kira sighed.
Kanade watched them go and oddly felt relieved. Just thinking of what happened yesterday raised her ire, but the punishment and regret from Kira left her satisfied. Still, she had things to do and flew up to her now barren bedroom turned into office to get a few things done. Several minutes later the castle chimed and she soon had Cook prepare an assortment of two meals for a special night in. The Wisp was used to such requests and made the meal which Kanade packed in the picnic basket Floa gave last night and left the castle with great excitement and trepidation.

After downloading the entire recording of the hunt to the tablet and wirelessly sending it first to Tattoo and those from the tribunal, Blake, Storm-shadow and to Kira’s father as promised he set it up on screen, knowing Kanade was going to ask for it anyway. His finger moved over the screen and placed it over the play button. Then he peeled off his shirt and turned around to ask “Dress, I’m worried about Star-bolt. How is she doing? Can you tell me anything?”
Dress sighed with a kind smile. “Sure, Hon. Storm-shadow already gave me permission and to tell you not to worry. I’m looking at her right now and she is sleeping comfortably. Gra is stroking her neck rather gently. Yes, the Queen of the Amazons has a gentle side.” Dress and Ethan chuckled. “Storm-shadow is laying beside her as well. She was in real bad shape when she came in. Gra and a platoon of Amazons and Centaur were sent to an Arachne nest down in Malaysia where the demons were nesting after destroying an entire tribe that was quite isolated and thought they would go unnoticed in a rural locale. Well our network is quite extensive, as you know. Tattoo has spent years getting things so smooth and cooperative. Personally it has eased my burdens tremendously. For centuries I was the primary messenger, but now I have more time to do what I love thanks to technology. Making fabulous clothes.”
“Dress, your wandering.” He did that often.
“Sorry, Handsome.” Dress winked. “Well the Arachne were more fortified than expected and as you know, Arachne webbing is like bands of steel, only stronger and not as flammable as spider silk. Well the hunters were led into an ambush where the Arachne weren’t alone. Ghoul’s tagged along, feasting on the corpses of the Arachne attack on the village. Those spider women sure are a nasty species and smart. They hid while our hunters pushed the Ghouls away and then attacked. Thankfully everyone was able to escape, but the mission was a failure. Star-bolt wasn’t the only injury, another Pegasai, four centaur and three Amazons are all in bad shape.”
“Jeeze, how many were there? Enemy I mean.”
“From the recordings I’ve seen… about sixty Ghoul and a hundred Arachne. We sent in thirty. Ten Amazon, Pegesai and Centaur. No one expected those numbers for sure. Thankfully everyone got out alive in time.”
“Agreed.” Ethan sighed. “Just let Storm know I’m thinking of Star-bolt and wish her a speedy recovery. And ask when I can come visit.”
Dress nodded and went quiet for a moment before saying “He says it is appreciated, but not to come today. They need quiet and Gra is in the mood to hurt someone and if you show up she’ll hurt you. He’ll let you know later.”
“Alright. Well I’m going to take a shower.” He stood up as Dress spit out fresh and folded clothes. The hot shower was just what he needed and wondered what all the holes in the wall were for and was startled due to the hot air blasting from them. At least the clear glass door was sturdy and didn’t shatter as he made impact with it. The inner railing kept him from slipping along with sure grip non-slick flooring. He recovered and turned the shower drier off before finishing the needed wash. Compared to his original tub which was like a hot-tub in size, this open shower was large enough for Kanade to stretch at least one wing straight out completely. That thought led to her showering and then being naked and other thoughts that made his face flush and ears burn and not be a result from the hot shower. He shook his head and turned the water off, used his power over heat to dry off, dressed and groomed his hair and short beard again that was just long enough to be soft, not short and bristly or long and grimy.
As he stepped out he was pleasantly surprised to find Kanade had returned and Dress’s face gone from the cabinet. Kanade sat on the couch transported from her room, her long, luscious legs crossed on the cushions with the tablet situated there. On the long coffee table in front of the enormous sofa sat a large dinner meal she had spread out and was covered by cloth to keep warm. Her golden eyes were intensely locked on the screen and Ethan could hear the speakers reciting his and Kira’s initial conversation after being transferred to Amsterdam. Without Dress to take his dirty clothes, Ethan sat them in a corner in the bathroom.
Quietly he moved around and sat beside her. Without looking from the screen that began moving through the forest and images mostly locked on the back of Kira’s head Kanade said “Sorry. Couldn’t wait to watch…”
“It’s fine, Angel. But you should Fast Forward till you see us stop on a path and she look back. Kira was too silent after that last part. Not a word was spoken till then.”
“Promise? No secrets?” Her eyes spoke that she was still a little jealous and self conscious.
“I promise. The only part I’d rather skip over was tripping over a stump and falling flat on my face. Kira didn’t see, I don’t think.”
“I’ll play at twice the speed so we can eat and watch.” She lightly hit the double arrows and placed it on the table. The computer still made sounds, only faster. She pulled the covers off the food and scooted closer to watch closely while eating a delicious meal. Ethan was kind enough to be silent and let her watch. She moved quickly when the screen showed the game trail and she heard her mate’s voice for the first time, as promised. “Oh, go back. Go back.” She told herself and rewound several seconds before hitting play. She mindlessly munched on a sweetly steamed carrot while hanging on every word. He was overly full by the time they started walking again and wrapped an arm around Kanade’s waist. She looked away for a moment with a tender smile before going back to the show. At the part where Kira covered herself in potion she accused “You touched her.”
“No fair. Kanade, did you forget how you helped me with my back just last night? If I can’t reach every spot on my back, how could she?” Kanade just huffed and mumbled something about understanding how she couldn’t smell Kira or something. “Oh, here is where she spotted the first trap.”
Kanade’s anger vanished as she watched closely and barely saw it herself, but Kira easily did and disarmed it. She ate what Ethan couldn’t and was soon full. As she listened from the minutes upon the hillcrest she curled up in his embrace, listening to his narrative, pointing things out she would have otherwise missed. For a quarter hour she remained so till Kira began moving in. Ethan stayed still, but always kept the steady image of Kira and the front door centered at all times. When Kira disappeared on the backside she heard him whisper from the computer speakers “Oh crap.” and saw the pair of powerful Incubi stalking. Kanade sat forward, listening and hearing everything. She even felt sorry for Kira when she returned to the screen, completely enamored with the lust demons as their newest slave. When the door closed she watched as he flew for a closer cover and hid just in time. Her attention was glued to the screen as the Elf appeared and then the image turned fiery, but she could still see figures clear enough as he vanquished them all and launched a Drone. “So that is what you meant earlier when you slapped your neck. You actually felt your Drone destroy the demon master that got away?” She paused the show.
“Not destroy exactly…” he looked at the ceiling for a better explanation. “more like it connected. I remember a slightly similar sensation when Kira helped me out. Whether it was the range, I don’t know, but when I wasn’t looking and it destroyed the target, I felt a mild twinge. When I got back here it was a much sharper feeling. I’m just glad the Drone knew where the Elf went. All I needed was the Elf’s face pictured in my head and the Drone did the rest.” She nodded and resumed, wincing when he slapped Kira back to herself and hearing her response. Ethan went to Fast Forward, but her hand gripped him. “Kanade, I don’t want you to see what’s coming.”
She let go as he tapped the touch-pad, pausing it, and twisted around. “Ethan, you forget so easily that for the past eleven years I was a Spirit Guide who took souls from Earth to Spirit World. I’ve seen horrors not even you can imagine. I’ve taken souls from soldiers blown quite literally in half, their bodies blown to bits, gruesome car accidents that weren’t accidents at all, drowned children and I could go on. None of that affected me even close to what happened yesterday. Nothin’ you’ve seen comes close to what I have.” She then reached over and resumed play just as he opened the door to fine the cribs of purple skinned babies with pale hair to one side and naked women chained to beds, some heavily swollen with pregnancy.
Ethan watched her cool expression closely and found she wasn’t lying. Kanade obviously didn’t approve or stand for what she saw, but it didn’t affect her in any shocking way. She watched the next two minutes and laid the devise down when she saw her own wings block out the light upon his return.
“So how long did you wait for me to come back?” He asked as he collected the dishes and empty glasses.
“Didn’t leave.” She admitted as she took the tablet back to the desk and sat it by his headset. “The only one who did was Kira’s mother and that’s only because she had to take the book, that Ken once bound together, somewhere safe. Many Witches share spells, but some are coveted and dangerous in the wrong hands. The book needs new spells of protection, especially if Witches and Wizards aligned with Chaos got their hands on it. Kira’s sister and Father waited silently as well before her mother returned. Storm-shadow stayed till an hour before you arrived for Star-bolt. I was very nervous while you were gone.”
“So was I. The only thing that settled my nerves is whatever this surprise you got for me is.” He smiled. “So where is it? What did you get? Show me.”
Kanade struggled not to blush and barely held on as she smiled secretively in return. “It’s not entirely ready yet.” She stood up and went to her nightstand beside his and pulled out a strip of black cloth. “Stand up and close your eyes for me.”
“Must I?” he stood anyway.
“Yes. Be patient. It will be worth it.” She spun her finger in the air and he turned around trustingly. Kanade then tied the cloth over his eyes and made sure he couldn’t see through the thick material. Now her features reddened as she said “Stand right here for a few minutes.” He nodded and she secretively placed a few spells on him. A variation of what Kira had done.
Kanade jumped into action to grab a box and opened it to look at what Dress made for her so quickly and she changed into them, rushed into the bathroom to clean up, brush her hair and teeth and made everything perfect. She pulled out a dozen candles, lit them with a lighter and placed them around the room. She sprinkled rose petals over the bed and over the floor before turning out the lights. Her heart pounded rapidly and she looked around to find all perfect.
Ethan was slowly brought out of the spell and heard Kanade’s sultry voice say “You can take off the blindfold now.”
“That was quick.” He said, but she didn’t correct him.
Immediately he noticed the room wasn’t as it was a short minute ago. The room was candlelit, dark, romantic and mysterious. The fireplace crackled with cheer and flower petals gave the room a delicate scent which made one’s mind rest. That all was inconsequential to what stood before him. His heart slammed on the accelerator and beat wildly.
Kanade wore the finest lingerie he had ever seen that no machine could ever design and could only be done by the very finest hands. She wore a strapless white corset made of satin with baby blue floral patterns wrapping around her torso and lifted breasts which had his knees weakening. A lacy miniskirt hung from her bare sparkling hips while intricate vine embroidery and mesh leggings hugged all the way up to her tone thighs. Long white stiletto heels made her natural eight foot height seven inches taller. And her wings glimmered from the fireplace, glowing warmly behind her to also play on her natural glittery skin. The gold necklace around her delicate neck shimmered like the finest topaz.
She smiled timidly in his direction to ask “What do you think of my surprise, Darlin’?”
All Ethan could do was stare in awe.
“My Love, are you just going to stand there or are you going to claim me?”
The original question settled in first. “Kanade… wow can’t quite cover… Wow…” He gulped and she watched his neck constrict from swallowing. “It’s too much.”
That wasn’t what she wanted to hear. “What?” her eyes widened in shock and hurt. “But I thought you’d…”
“You’re making it impossible to not take advantage of you.” He interrupted. “I know if I take one step… I won’t stop.”
Then she knew what she had to do. “Ethan, I cannot resist either. Just so you know” she took a steadying breath and lightly touched her hip to pull the short curtain up slightly. “nothin’s under the skirt.”
It was too much as he burst into flames and his clothes vaporized clean off. She got a good look at him for the first time as he truly is and got excited. Her heart sped as she enjoyed how he stiffened with fire swirling around his penis like a vortex. More it hammered in her breast so as he rumbled like a beast purring. Coated in flames, his skin was much redder than naturally possible, but she noticed he was instantly and fully excited in every way. He walked forward, burning flower petals beneath him and couldn’t stop the blaze that had ignited. She held her hands out and said “Take me fully as your mate.”
Instead he scooped her in his arms and the fire covered her as well. The tongues exciting every inch of exposed flesh, tickling her feathers, but not damaging her expensive lingerie. “You can bet on it.” Her arms wrapped around his neck.
Runes all around the room began to glow, protecting everything from fire.
Gently, Kanade found herself lowered into bed and felt truly alive as her mate’s passion for her burned in reality. He climbed atop her and began kissing, which she reciprocated while her hands caressed his hairy, firm chest. Her wings wrapped around him as his fire burned all over her.
The Enchantress brushed her fingers along his jaw as he pulled from the kiss and the desire she saw in his eyes and mind made her bring him back for another kiss. She felt his raging maleness press against her thigh and she spread her legs before he had time to lay beside her. He growled, grabbed her hips and managed to pull her closer before slowly using his flaming hands to unlace the corset. The gentleness he used was opposite of how possessive she felt under his gaze while her hands explored him all over committing this moment to memory.
Before she knew it he had the corset off and her large breasts spilled out before him. He never felt so much like a man as he made her keen and squeak as his mouth claimed her breasts, which she arched in offering to give him his desire. She moaned in pleasure as he worked and the fires that tantalized her senses. His ministrations slowly slid lower as his instincts told him to please his soul mate just to satisfy her every desire and he did.
True to her word, he took hold of her miniskirt that had nothing beneath and slowly pulled it down her hips and she lifted so he could easily slide them down her legs he kissed all the way till throwing the fabric aside. Kneeling between her legs he gazed at her nakedness submitting to him and he said “Mine.” Before diving to her swollen, hairless sex and licking her sweet nectar and eliciting a gasp and moan at the same time.
Kanade was panting as he hit her every erotic spot and when he said ‘Mine.’ she knew it was a fact. She was his just as much as she owned him. He must have realized she was in need as his fingers began to probe what was his always and forever. Her fingers tore through the bed sheets when hitting the right spot and the fabric loudly ripped, but he didn’t seem to notice. Her hips bucked on their own till her own possessive side had her sitting up panting “My turn, Darlin’.”
The Elemental was flipped on his back with a rumble of the primal kind that awakened his mate’s inner beast and watched as her finger glowed a soft yellow around his burning erection to watch as suddenly his pubic hair vanished and before he could question why, her mouth consumed him while her warm, wet tongue twisted around and did things he never conceived possible in pleasure. He felt himself purring as she worked him. Her lips were as sinful as he first believed and then some and in the far recesses of his mind he realized she removed his short hairs because she doesn’t like hair in her mouth, no one did.
When he could stand no more he grunted and she made a smacking sound with one great suck and sat up almost afraid she had done something wrong till she felt a gentle push coaxing her back. Her knees bent and spread as he positioned his tip flush against her entrance. Slowly he pushed into paradise and she moaned, accepting her one true love.
Slowly he pushed till meeting resistance and watched her eyes widen. He stopped, but she was long past ready and wrapped her legs around his hips and pulled him in suddenly to his hilt. She hid a scram by biting her lower lip as she made him break her maidenhead. Her wings shook and read his mind of seeing her hurt. “No, don’t move, Darlin’.” She gasped. “The pain, isn’t so bad…”
Worry for her dimmed the intensity of his flames, but still filled the whole room. “You sure?”
“Yes, it’s startin’ to feel good… especially with the flames spinnin’ around your dick. I feel you in me doin’ something wonderful…” She gasped as she felt his flames inside her swirl with approval and more speed. “I can get used to that.” She laughed while keeping him still with her immensely powerful legs. “Ethan, when you popped my virginity, did you…”
“Feel a burst of something zap through me? Yes.” He gulped. “Wha…”
“It means we are now inseparable. You’ve become one with your soul mate. By joinin’ bodies we are one. Now I am truly your wife and you are my husband. I felt it too, Darlin’.” She breathed out slowly. “The pain is passin’. I love you, Ethan. Forever.”
“And I love you, Kanade, but forever isn’t long enough. Always is how I feel for you.”
Tears of happiness burst from her eyes as she covered her mouth and nodded. “Always then. Make love to me, My Angel.”
Her legs loosened, but didn’t let go as he pulled out some and saw a little blood before thrusting gently back in with long strokes. Her hips matched him and soon the tears dried as passion burned her hotter than his flames roaring through the room. He watched as her strong stomach muscles tightened before he felt her inner sex muscles clench him hard and her wings seemed to seizure as she mewled and knew he had made his woman orgasm. He growled and started thrusting harder, keeping her in that state for minutes. Her hands dug in his back painfully, nails cutting into flesh had warm liquid running down, but for him it was the most exquisite torture he aroused in his woman and roared as he slammed harder as release was rushing to the surface.
Release shot into her hot as lava as he threw his head back and roared in triumph, also making her cry out too as the celebration happened together and her inner muscles clamped on like a vice and didn’t let him go, not that he wanted to leave heaven or to stop seeing the lazy face lovingly gazing up at him with such love and adoration he knew he did something right and got full approval.

Morning arrived too soon and Ethan couldn’t sleep at all as Kanade and he sat, with her legs wrapped around him, not letting him go. His hands wrapped around her backside while hers were around his neck. They shared breath of exertion, heavily panting and slick with sweat. Her cinnamon scent was more potent to him than ever before. Her expensive lingerie unfortunately ended up as a casualty of lovemaking war when it was all torn off somehow, even her shoes were charred remains when they were in an unprotected area where runes didn’t guard. She leaned back with a slow smile. “Promise to never leave me.”
“We are one. I cannot leave you, nor will I desire anything close to you.”
She leaned forward and kissed him deeply. “Stay inside me for a bit longer.”
“Try and stop me.” His flames grew, as did something else.
This made her grin more. Her legs tightened and were ready.
Several minutes later they both quaked in release and heard Dress clear his throat not for the first time, well he didn’t have a throat, but the sound was similar.
Kanade squeaked as she rolled off and hid behind her wings.
“Good for you kids!” Dress hooted. “’Bout time you got laid, but you can’t stay locked inside all day. The tribunal review of Kira will be decided at eight. You two better take a shower… Awe… Kanade, please tell me that pile of ash at the foot of the bed isn’t the nightwear I made for your special night?”
“Sorry, Dress.” She said, mortified.
The gold face sighed. “No more. You will have to sleep naked from now on. It wasn’t an easy rush to make, especially with the embroidery, Hon. I should have known this would happen. Now that you two are together, no more.”
“I… I can” Kanade looked to Ethan’s wide back and saw where her nails scratched him. “accept that. Sorry. Darlin’, I need to clean your back…”
“Don’t!” he grabbed her hand before she flew out of bed. “I’m keeping them.”
“Trial and error, Girl. Some men like being marked by their woman. Barbaric if you ask me, but to each their own.” Dress winked. “Besides, now that you two have finally gotten over being awkward, you won’t be in clothes for a while. I will likely go blind.”
“From all you’ve seen in your life Dress, this probably doesn’t even register in the top trillion things you probably remember.” Ethan replied.
“True.”
“No… we won’t be in clothes for long anymore.” Kanade admitted happily. “How long were you there pervert? Voyeurism is a crime you know.”
Dress ginned brightly from what remained of the candlelight. “Only enough to see you two were quite literally made for each other. I’ll give you a few minutes of privacy before I’m reported to the authorities.” He then spat out fresh clothes for both of them and then a pair of classy black heels for Kanade. Then Dress’s face vanished as he hooted in pleasure.
“Care to share the shower with me?” Ethan asked as he stood up, no longer on fire. She liked what she saw greatly.
“YES!” She cheered and jumped out. Her eyes followed his to her chest as they bounced. Then her eyes turned to his masculinity responding to her bare femininity. Fire swirled again.
In seconds she found her back against the running shower and sudden steam room and never enjoyed it more.
A half hour later they exited clothed and outside their bedroom door lay a finished dagger and a metal tablet with scratches that looked familiar. He knew what to do and burned it to read aloud “It’s Celestia’s and says ‘Enchantress Kanade, since you now live here I expect timely enchantments. This dagger is Yamat and belongs to Ethaerian Luci Morttia of the Thirty Second House. I still expect your superior work not to be less now that you are mated to my apprentice. Ethan, return to work tonight. Rutting will not be tolerated in my nest if your work is compromised.’ Uh, Kanade, you think she heard us?”
His beloved shook her head and plucked the sheathed dagger from the ground. “No. I made sure the silence runes were active. It’s why we didn’t hear her working downstairs last night. And from now on…” she turned to the stone archway and pressed her finger against the rune he knew to mean silence and glowed when active. Kanade’s eyes turned from molten lustrous gold to a glowing dark blue and the very tip of her finger made a line which sunk in the wall like acid on Styrofoam to create a new one connected to the silence rune. “There, from now on, if the two of us are together inside it will react instantly.”
“You’re a handy woman, you know that?” he grinned as she sat the dagger inside their room to do later.
She smiled as she took his hand. “And don’t you forget it.” As they traveled down the stairs she asked. “My Angel, how is your back feelin’ truly?”
“Fine.” He looked up. “Why do you ask?”
“Because I accidently scratched you several times.” She said bashfully.
“Did you feel it when I accidently plucked a few wing feathers?”
Kanade stopped in the stifling, but empty shop and spread her wings. She knew her wings like the back of her hand. “I didn’t notice because you made me so happy, but when did you do it?”
“After the third round. I had a fistful while you were riding on top. When you quivered your wings spread while I gripped and about six came off. Sorry.”
“Nonsense. They will grow back soon and I was enjoyin’ myself too much to notice. Um, after lunch and Blake I’ll need to enchant Yamat, but after…”
“I’m just getting started with you Kanade. Be prepared for more.”
“I was hopin’ you’d say that because I’m nowhere near satisfied. You better be ready to not get much sleep.” She threatened.
“Don’t worry about me. I got maybe four or five a day since my resurrection. At least now my sleep will no longer be alone.” He admitted.
“If what we did was any indication, sleep will be the last things on our minds.”
“I like the way you think.” Hope filled him as she laughed and took his hand.

Outside there was no Storm-shadow waiting and it reminded them both of what happened. As one they said “Star-bolt.” They smiled because of it. “We should visit before.”
“No disagreements here.” Ethan said.
Kanade soared with Ethan at her side and was euphoric. It had been the best night of her life and she felt his emotions to know they shared the same things. Dawn prevailed and to anyone who looked up, Kanade would look like any other Spirit Guide. And Ethan was fine holding her. In minutes Kanade bypassed the Ogre entrance and touched down in the Pegesai hall.
Hand in hand they walked with Ethan leading the way. Many winged horses were already waking and leaving. Some walked on the ground while others galloped in the air. A few merely gave a cursory glance at the pair, but were left alone. Those on the ground gave greetings before passing by.
The Elemental pressed the doorbell, so to speak, after climbing the steps.
Stone door opened and revealed a haggard Storm-shadow. The expression changed to surprise. “Ethan, Kanade?”
“Hey, Storm, How’s Star-bolt?” Ethan asked while Kanade waved.
“Resting still. Come in, but do not make loud noises.” The stallion backed away.
Inside they found Star-bolt bandaged up and had more than just been bitten. She had cuts and scrapes all over and still fussing protectively over her was Queen Gra. The mare was in the expansive living and bedroom with her large head on her companion’s legs. Even Gra had a thick bandage over the side of her neck and forearm. Must have been one hell of a battle. He thought. Ethan bowed respectfully to the Amazon queen who whispered “What are you doing here?”
“Checkin’ on the poor thing.” Kanade carefully knelt beside them. “What is the prognosis, Your Highness?”
Gra delicately stroked Star-bolt’s thick neck though she could probably easily choke her as easily with those huge arms, Ethan observed not for the first time as Storm-shadow nudged him and received a much needed pat too. “The old girl and I have been through worse battles. We will live to fight once again. The doctor Witches say it will be a week before she can fly out to battle. A Ghoul broke her wing before she was bitten.”
“I didn’t know Ghouls could fly.” Ethan said softly.
Gra shook her head of long brown hair. “That they cannot, but they can jump twenty feet straight up. We were too low and I was thrown off. She killed the Arachne before I could lop its head off. I had to fight four more half women-spiders before my sisters could harness her and get us out. If not for the Centaur mares’ aid I fear we wouldn’t have escaped. We owe them greatly.”
“Is there anythin’ we can do?” Kanade asked, also stroking the sleeping mare.
“We’ve yet to eat since they brought her in.” Storm-shadow hinted.
“Then I’ll be back soon guys.” Ethan said. “Kanade, stay here.”
“I’m not plannin’ on leavin’ till we must.” She said and used her soothing touch to calm Star-bolt further.
Ethan left, planning on borrowing one of those food carts he saw several times before. Storm-shadow lay closer to his mate, but not in the way.
“Your Highness, will you be attendin’ the tribunal in about two hours?”
“No, Enchantress, but my husband did review your lover’s recording of Kira’s hunt. Said Ethan slew seven Incubi and an Elf master.”
“He did. I watched the recordin’ closely. The Elf disappeared, but Ethan’s Drone took care of the cetin orchestratin’ the breedin’ program. But did your husband say what happened to the babies and pregnant mothers?”
The queen nodded. “The foul spawn were safely delivered to Demon World, six of the women who were captured, delivered and the five others shed the young as according to the agreement of four month pregnancy. The eleven women had their minds cleansed of all that occurred and will be returned to their families once the healing spells make it as if they were never pregnant and raped to begin with.”
“My angel will be glad to hear this.” Kanade said.
They were quiet for the next half hour till Ethan arrived with the cart loaded with food. The aroma roused Star-bolt enough for her to be handfed by Gra before falling right back to sleep. Ethan was grateful for the news and also informed Gra that a half dozen Amazon subjects were outside and almost didn’t let him in. The Queen merely waved it off as if it were a trifle matter. The rest of the time was spent in silence, just being there for Star-bolt. Storm-shadow was truly grateful for such friends. Even Blake stopped by for a visit along with many of Storm-shadow’s many offspring. The Naga said he’d wait once the tribunal ended.

The elevator rang again and they stepped out together onto the top floor where the Ogre woman from before sat this time in a string pink bikini and looked to have just come from a recent swim for she was still dripping and her pale hair was soaked. She let them pass and they made way to the tribunal room from before.
Inside the room was a bit more packed and the long benches had dozens of individuals and small families, but no children oddly enough. At one end sat Kira and her parents, but Minna wasn’t there. Many, neither Ethan or Kanade recognized. Seated around the curved tribunal table was the Magistrate Ogre Morom, his soul mate Edda and Nymph priestess sitting on his lap. Chille the Pixie was filing her perfect nails in a larger form while Tattoo typed at a blinding speed on his computer. Merlin looked barely contained as his eyes darted mischievously while his wife’s calm and placid demeanor watched him like a hawk. Kiroq the tanned Gargoyle general seemed asleep while the Centaur husband and wife Collu and Mia were deep in hushed conversation while Crait the powerful and deadly Naga twirled a perfectly balanced dagger between his three wicked claws.
Ethan chuckled as the leaders of the House entertained themselves. Kanade merely smiled and her heels clicked on the marble floor, but was muffled by the small crowd’s chatter. They moved over to Kira and Ethan blurted as he met tired green eyes. “Yikes, Kira, did you get any sleep? You look like shit.”
Kanade swatted him with a wing and it pulled small smiles from the family.
“Not really.” The Witch admitted and hunched her shoulders. “Do I really look that bad?”
“Not as dolled up as usual, but not like you’re slumming it.”
“Ethan, stop that.” Kanade chastised.
“No. It’s fine.” Kira said. “I usually tell him the same every morning. He gets so little sleep as it is and was a weak running joke I teased him with.” Kanade went “Oh.” as Kira continued. “I tried sleeping, but those Incubi really rattled me. The loss of control… the helplessness… I couldn’t get over it and every time I close my eyes I see their cruel beauty and remember those dark promises. I now understand why hunting them is so dangerous for women.”
Just then the door opened and Odin and Pegasus walked in side by side, causing the room to hush. The greatest steed in Greek mythology’s brilliant blue eyes scanned the room and said “Queen Gra is tending to her wounds and that of my offspring’s mate. We shall begin immediately. Tattoo, what is the first order of business?” 
Tattoo grabbed the topmost folder that was stacked by his computer while Odin and Pegasus took a seat. “Kira Penbrooke, stand before us.”
“We’re right here, Love.” Her father said as she stood and squeezed his hand.
Kira wore a long, simple black dress that wasn’t as revealing as what she usually puts on, but she still wore heels that lightly echoed in the room and stopped before the assembled leaders, locked her shaking hands together in front and held her breath. Her green eyes watched as the folder passed from Tattoo to Odin who opened it and his lone, deep blue eye locked her in place. “Kira, your hunt footage was reviewed by Chillie, Edda and Morom. Their unanimous decision is this. First, your locating traps during the Incubi hunt were well done and disarmed adequately. Your short preparation time was well spent and use of your spelled sunglasses in conjunction with scent removal potion was a great plan. Unfortunately it was in vain for you were hypnotized and lost in their influence, not killing even one and almost ended up as a breeder.” Kira’s heart dropped into her stomach and she paled even further. “It was your supervisor who saved you from such fate.” Odin sat the folder down. “But the three leaders agree that you did your best and showed heartfelt remorse and have decided, as do I, that your punishment for your crimes is complete and fulfilled.” Kira sighed and then gasped as Odin turned his eye to ask “Ethan, do you and Kanade agree with the tribunal’s decision?”
Kanade answered for them both. “We do.”
“Then, Kira Penbrooke, the matter is settled. Dress will still observe you for the next five years, but if you do not shape up during this probation timeframe, worse punishments will await. This will be your only warning. Should you ever do something like this again, exile will be all you can hope for.”
The promise hung in the air as she said “It will never happen again.”
“Then you are dismissed. Tattoo, what’s next, Lad?”
Kira’s parents along with Ethan and Kanade got up to leave.
They stopped when hearing “Ethan, you cannot leave yet.”
Kanade and he tensed, but turned as all eyes turned to them at the doors. “What for? What did I do wrong now?”
Tattoo said “For clarification. Stand before us.”
Slowly he moved forward, Kanade stood rooted in place, like Kira and her parents by the door. The heavily inked paraplegic said “It was brought to my attention that you openly told Kira during the hunt you would disobey a direct order, even without something unexpected which you would be allowed to intervene on. Is this correct?” All eyes were glued to him.
“I did.” Ethan straightened and people could see he was beginning to sweat.
“And don’t you find that to be insubordination or do you think yourself above us like Celestia? Yes, all know you indeed are powerful, but does that give you a superiority complex?”
None expected him to chuckle. None saw it, but behind Odin’s thick blonde beard, he too smiled. “Hardly.” Ethan shook his head and turned to the Nymph sitting on the Ogre’s lap. “Magistrate Morom,” The powerfully muscled and highly intelligent blue skinned man’s dark yellow eyes were neutral. “I know you brought this up and I don’t blame you. In fact that rule is outdated and wrong. I know I’m a toddler next to all of you, but I can’t just stand by or follow a rule of noninterference as a comrade is in danger. Why do you think I already died once? Yes I’m awkward and geeky, but if it was Edda who did what Kira had, wouldn’t you want me to save her or let her be slave and raped by an Incubus?” The brightly green haired Nymph blanched and looked over her shoulder at her husband. “I would and will always disobey that order. If it’s wrong I won’t do it, nor will I stand by and bite my tongue. Ask yourself this, Magistrate, if you were taken advantage of, would you be able to look in the priestess’s eyes knowing the one who wronged you was killed or worse, turned into an Incubus breeding machine? Priestess’s, as his wife, even if you were mad, would you wish such a fate on Kira if she did that to your soul mate?”
Odin secretly mumbled. “The lad has finally grown a pair.”
Pegasus nodded. “For certain.”
Edda and Morom locked eyes before she raised an alabaster hand. “Your point has been made, Fire-thrower.” The Nymph said. “In fact, you misunderstand. Actually my husband was testing your morals while the other leaders merely went with it. Your companion, Prince Storm-shadow, also knew this was false, but was forbidden from mentioning it. You would have been tested of your morals by Blake, your master, when he believed you were ready for joining hunts. Morom merely took advantage of your willingness to be a supervisor. Punishing hunts are normally more for severe crimes that greatly injure or kill and are rather a rare occurrence. What Kira Penbrooke did was abhorrent of such treatment, we were all surprised by what happened.”
“A test?” Ethan stood dumbfounded.
“Aye, Lad.” Odin said. “Fate has his tests, so do we. You surprised us yesterday, volunteering. It was time anyway to see how you’d function. I haven’t seen Kira’s hunt yet, but from what I’ve been told, you did well, Lad. You will keep your mouth sealed of what we speak of now, for the squad leaders you see in this room know the truth.” Now Ethan truly looked at everyone, realizing they were all warriors. “This is the true reason I had Dress inform you to be here today. Each individual you see here is an elite squad leader of B, A  and S class. It isn’t often tasked for hunts befitting punishment, but each one of them know that sometimes some rules are wrong and are made to be broken. Few outside this room truly know about a supervisor’s sacred duty… To bring back home as many as possible no matter the cost. We all have to live with impossible decisions, Lad. By disregarding Morom’s order you proved you can be trusted for supervisors do what must be done to keep everyone alive. If you had stood by and let Kira be killed, the matter would be settled and this conversation would never have happened. You’d be on your way to follow, not lead a squad. Even if this unknown Elf master hadn’t shown up this council and these supervisors know you would have followed through. Your reputation precedes you, Lad.” Silence filled the room as the immortal Viking took a breath. “Until Blake says you are ready for combat I will not allow you to leave again, but when he does I would like to offer you a place as an S Class squad leader. You will be given a team of your choosing mostly, but should Tattoo or I send you a request to lead another you will comply. What do you say, Lad?”
“For starters I’m not leadership material.” Ethan spoke instantly.
Princess Chillie no longer fussed with her fingernails as she said aloud “What I witnessed of the hunt shows otherwise.” Her green skin almost shimmered like Edda’s hair. “Ethan, you killed seven Incubi without blinking and supposedly vanquished a demon master with a Drone before you turned off the device. You asked your subordinate questions how she would do things, showed patience by observing the prey, refused to kill babies, even demonic ones who will likely grow to one day become a threat. Even if you did not have immense potential, your mindset is worthy of leadership. Guide without force is the role of a worthy leader. To follow willingly rather than slave is the true virtue of a person in charge.” Dark purple irises shone as they turned towards the door. “Miss Penbrooke, before your capture, tell the assembled if you would ever deny following Mr. Volorum into battle if asked.”
Kira could only nod.
“Enchantress Kanade, deny to him and us if he is not marked a leader.”
“You know I cannot lie.” Kanade said clearly. “My beloved is as you say. It is why I’m so proud to have him.”
Eyes returned to an embarrassed Ethan. He swallowed to ask “May I at least think about it?”
Odin looked at all the members before saying “You may, Lad. Blake is aware of this meeting. You may tell him when you come to an answer, or Dress.”
“Is that all?” Ethan hoped.
“One moment.” Collu, the ten foot tall Centaur man knotted with muscle said. The Centaur, like most other males had a sleek brown coat while females were beautiful white. “I would like to ask how you knew you killed this Elf master. Edda told me it vanished before you sent this Drone to track it down.”
“As would I.” Kiroq the Gargoyle general grunted as he scratched his muzzle.
“I knew this would happen.” Ethan whispered to himself. “We can do a test, but I’ll need your help, Princess.”
The Pixie blinked before asking “My help?”
“Yes, you can teleport things around like an Elf. All I need is something that will act as a target. Just know it’ll be destroyed.” Ethan said.
Odin stood and went to Pegasus’ saddle and dug through a pocket before saying “Catch, Lad.”
Working so long under Blake’s many assaults improved Ethan’s reflexes as he snatched an empty silver flask out of the air. Ethan studied it before Chillie saw him nod and clapped. Both she and the flask in his grasp vanished. He said “Give her a moment since I don’t know where she went… ok.” Tingling turned painful as his hand went crimson before a contained fireball appeared and he threw it straight up. Instead it shot at an angle through the floor. He said “I’ll tell you when I feel it. Yesterday it took a few minutes. My drone will only get faster the longer its after the target. Odin, hope the flask wasn’t important?”
The Viking waved it off. “We will wait in silence. If this is true and all you need is an image, Lad, you can shoot Drones at many powerful demons who must be put down without going anywhere.”
Ethan returned to Kanade’s side and she put her hands on his broad shoulders. Minutes later Ethan felt the momentary sting in the back of his neck. “It hit.”
Three seconds later Chillie appeared behind her seat. “It is done. The flask is a puddle of metal now.”
Mia, Collu’s mate stood. “And where did you go?”
“Gibson Desert in the heart of Australia. None were around for hundreds of kilometers.” Callie turned her eyes fully on the Elemental in awe. “One moment it was there and then a flash and then molten silver too hot to collect at the moment.”
“So fast?” Even Odin was in awe of such a feat. “That means the Drone shot through the planet to destroy it. Chillie, he felt it moments before you returned. This is indeed impressive… Tattoo…”
“Already on it!” the man typed away rapidly and suddenly spun the keyboard around. “Ethan, come here and send your Drone after this man.”
He and Kanade approached while Kira’s parents ushered their daughter out. Ethan listened to all the chatter of excitement fill the room. It silenced immediately as Odin slammed the butt of Gungnir on the ground. Attention returned to the Elemental. Tattoo said “This is Michael Zing a terrible necromancer who was once an Order Wizard, turned dark.”
“I know the Chap!” Merlin proudly said with a maddening grin. “Turned me into a woman for a day once, but I robbed him of his manhood forever. He’s got to squat like a woman now.”
“And he’s made it his mission to use our dead as mindless zombies. Ethan, this necromancer has killed six hundred and eleven reported after defecting to Chaos a half century ago and commands a thousand Goblins, a score of Elves and even two dragons. Worse yet, our spies say he’d been consuming demon blood to turn himself into one and increase his power further. You have no idea how dangerous a Wizard turned necromancer who wants to become a demon is… especially with the minions he’s got under command.” Tattoo pointed to a heavily scarred image of a gaunt man. The computer listed all his information, but this man’s deranged look made Merlin seem the picture of sanity in comparison.
With the necromancer’s image in mind, Ethan held up his hand and focused for a Drone. “Huh?” he said and looked at his hand that didn’t change even slightly. Ethan growled and Kiroq’s ears perked. He tried forcing it so much his face turned red. To the others he panted “It’s not working.”
“Perhaps” Morgane Le Fay calmly ended the silence. “the image is not specific enough for his ability to activate. Likely we have skipped a condition. It will be easy enough to learn. Dress, Dear?”
Dressor looked curiously at her from the wall by the door that led to holding cells. “What ya need, Babe?” he smiled.
“Please shoot one of my slips into our bedroom. Tattoo, access the webcam to my room.” Moments later the computer screen showed a gigantic room, easily five times as large as Ethan’s and filled with books and everything imaginable in a Witch and Wizard’s room. The image was stationary, but it showed a white slip a woman wears under a dress in the middle of the floor. “Go ahead Ethan, try again.”
He did and released pent up breath in one heave. “No good.” Chillie though clapped her hands and brought the fabric out. This time a Drone easily appeared.
Morgane looked to Odin. “It seems I’m correct. Ethan must truly see to use this new weapon physically. Images won’t fulfill his desire, unless he targets the actual item. I believe we just discovered the one limitation to the Drone.” The fireball vanished.
Odin sighed. “Too bad. Can’t be helped then. Worth a try.” The singular blue eye turned. “Lad, keep progressing. We really need you out there.”
“I can only promise to do my best, Odin.”
“That is all I can expect of anyone.”
Ethan and Kanade stepped out while the room continued a meeting. Ethan slid down the wall with a groan.”What is the matter, Ethan?” Kanade fussed.
“Like I don’t have enough roles?” His grey eyes met her gold. “For about six hours I’m run ragged by Blake, for another six I’m working with Celestia. I get maybe five hours sleep a night and it’s so hard to sleep when I’m so sore and now they want me to lead hunts as a damn S Class… which can take an hour or weeks depending on the mission. I know what crisis’s they deal with.”
Her tender hand cupped his cheek. “Never again will you have trouble sleepin’ alone again. You forget who your wife is now. I will ease your burden. I will not allow you to fail now when you’ve come so very far in so short a time.”
Straight white teeth barely showed in his smile. “Wife? Yeah, I guess I do forget. In your culture we’re already married. At least I married up.”
“As did I.” She couldn’t lie. “Blake will be waitin’. Exercise seems to let you forget the stresses of each day.”
“Alright.” He stood and she claimed his hand and walked away. “But sex was better than I dreamed.” She swatted him before giggling.

Waiting beneath the shade of a tree lounged Blake with his long, articulating tail caressing the grass over someone’s underground home. The ancient lizard-man seemed completely at ease and harmless for once, but Ethan knew Blake was anything but harmless. Even without being a Blademaster, any Naga could disembowel anyone with their deadly claws. Not for the first time Ethan wondered just how many demons have fallen before this deadly reptile.
Hearing footsteps, Blake scratched white scales at his chest and even without opening his eyes said “So how did the meeting go, Pupil?”
“How did you know it was me, Blake?”
Speckled brownish golden slit eyes like a crocodile opened and turned in their direction. “Because I’ve honed my senses to recognize many who come by me. Everyone has a unique sound in how they move, Ethan. After our first week I learned your movements by sound. And your mate gave you away too.” Blake smiled with his short, pointed teeth.
“How so?” Kanade asked, her cheeks coloring some.
“Your wings, they rustle against you. Spirit Guides can speak, but do not make sound without a mortal body. So, did you accept Odin’s offer?”
“Not yet. I’ve got enough on my plate already. Between you, Celestia, Storm and now learning I’ve now have a soul mate… well it’s a bit much.” Ethan admitted to the relaxed Naga.
“I watched the recording you sent me.” Blake crossed his arms while watching Ethan unstring his boots, pausing momentarily at this abrupt change in conversation. “Quite enlightening, as was Odin’s letter to me of you being offered a role as an elite squad leader. I must say you have begun to impress me, Ethan. A five mile trek through thick brush would have had you doubled over when you first arrived, but you controlled your breathing rather well. Your movement requires more help, but towards the end you did a fair job sneaking up. The demons didn’t have a chance and your reaction to destroy the arrow aimed at your heart was superb.” Blake now began to stand. “The six hours of training will be changed.”
Suspiciously Ethan asked while stuffing a sock in a boot “Why?”
“Because this past month of running has forced you to shed pounds of fat while weapons training increased your reaction time to danger. We are now going to move on to new areas that need improvement. Instead of six hours of training, I’m reducing it to four. From eight till noon from today onwards. We shall begin with Escape and Evade.” The Naga stood in a fluid move that was humanly improbable. “Instead of two rounds around the castle, we’ll do one, but this time you need to stay away from me at all costs. Retreat is just as important as victory. Living to fight again is important to those waiting back home. Recently Chaos is gaining the upper hand and retreating is getting harder. Many warriors are dying because they don’t know when or how to successfully flee. More than I care to say of my many hatchlings have died because of stubbornness. I’ve seen good friends never return. Should a Pixie not be there to escape or get eaten, you need to know how to get away on your own, especially without your flames. You cannot use fire indefinitely and will get tired like the rest of us…”
“Really? I haven’t got tired yet.”
This put Blake up short. “Truly?”
“Elementals, fire especially,” Kanade said. “do not tire like casters. A Wizard may be able to conjure a flame for an hour or two, but I can attest Ethan uses flames continuously. Physically he may tire, but his mastery over heat has few limitations, tirin’ not being one of them.”
“And how do I have proof of such a claim?”
Emboldened, Kanade sat her hand on Ethan’s shoulder. Since none were nearby to hear she said “Last night we became of one body and the whole time we were joined, he was quite literally on fire that surrounded us. He was ablaze for the entire night and the flames weren’t weakened even slightly. Have you ever met Cyllia, the Wind Elemental from the Forty Third House? She can summon a storm indefinitely if she wanted… Ethan is her superior.”
“Can’t say I’ve had the pleasure, but this information is welcome. Nevertheless, Ethan, get running. These fundamentals must be instilled. You have one minute to start… and no powers.”
Ethan was already charging away.
In no time at all, Blake caught up and tackled him to the ground. “Dead!” The Naga said. “Throw me off like I showed.” Ethan drew his legs up, grabbed the side of Blake’s scaly neck, planted his leading-foot on the ground with his left knee at Blake’s thick ribs, growled and twisted in a powerful, full body twist which sent the Naga up and over him. Blake’s great weight was used against him as he found himself staring at thickening clouds. “Well done!” Went to look, but already Ethan was gone. Blake grinned, always impressed with Ethan’s focus. He rolled, gathered his feet and shot forward again. The Naga noticed Ethan wasn’t running flat out as he had the past two days since Kanade arrived. Every dozen steps he’d glance over his shoulder, judging distance. Blake knew what he was doing and said more to himself “You’re learning. Running carelessly is how I got you so easily last time.” This next tackle was just as painful for Ethan, but he rolled with it and got up before Blake could pen him again.
After ten more times being tackled or tripped, Ethan began to tire and the ground wasn’t soft, each landing taking more and more of a toll. Then he twisted an ankle and couldn’t put any weight on it. Teeth gritted, Ethan gasped and collapsed. “Hold still.” Blake knelt, looking just as dirty from the exchanges. Despite deadly claws, Blake’s touch was gentle, even though his ankle hurt. “Not broken or sprained. Just over extended. Another half inch and you might have required surgery. Not bad.” He pulled his hand back and pulled a cloth from a pocket to begin tightly wrapping the already swelling injury. “I’ll help you stand. You need to walk it off or the pain will only hinder you be seizing up.”
Air sucked through grit teeth as he draped an arm over Blake’s shoulders. The feel of those bony scales were odd feeling, but supportive. Gently Ethan was forced to walk and listen so his ankle could continue to move properly “You did well, Ethan, all things considering. When we return to your mate we’ll work on falling properly.”
“Falling properly?” He scoffed. “Isn’t that a bit of an oxymoron?”
“Not at all. In fact I was surprised you lasted this long. I was intentionally aiming on your legs. If your prey cannot run, they are helpless. If you knew how to fall the right way you wouldn’t have just landed on the ball of your foot during a roll thereby hurting yourself. Your heel is stronger than the ball for a reason. If thrown, never extend your arms rigidly, they’ll break. The key is to not be rigid, as you are in many ways. There is a moment in every fight where you do not have the advantage. The key to not leaving it open is how to move. Never land how the opponent wants. Do you remember that hip-toss I had you practice?”
“Yes.”
“Use it on me right now. It won’t put too much pressure on that ankle.” A moment later Blake was flipped, but Ethan watched as instead of the Naga falling flat on his back, he hit on the side and rolled into a springing step which had him standing. “You see, I twisted my shoulder ever so slightly to land on my side whereas if I hit my back, the wind would have been knocked out my lungs.”
“To get that proficient I’m going to need a lot of practice.” Ethan admitted.
“Hence why you no longer need weapons practice.”
“Wait… What?”
Blake crossed his arms. “Ethan, did you seriously think a regular human could use a sword or staff with any real effect against a Goblin or other demon? Against another human you might succeed, but a demon? You would be as helpless as a mouse is to an owl. The only reason I’ve been teaching you how to handle a weapon is to show you how the enemy will come at you and how to react. You saw that one Incubus effortlessly holding that barbell that weighed more than you in one hand and Incubus are lesser demons. One swipe and you’d be pulped. My lessons were specific in teaching you how one will attack. All the pain you endured was to make your body react so pain would spur you to avoid more.”
“So what you’re saying is all the fighting was pointless?” Ethan was dumbfounded by this.
“Not pointless. Necessary.” Blake clarified. “Ethan, without my lessons you would have required four extra months of training, but you took just a month. It also gave me time to learn what I needed to teach.” He poked a claw in the center of Ethan’s sternum. “It takes years to master the sword, but your personality isn’t compatible with weapons. Your focus is greater than any I’ve seen in a human your age and that is saying something. It is your elders who can focus. Swordsmanship requires the ability to not focus, and flow like water. You focus on one thing, one target and won’t look away till its complete. You focus on utter relentlessness. When we fought you were better at self-defense and your fire is offensive. You have a knack at learning and taking things as they are, but do not mistake my words. You might not ever be a worthy swordsman or archer, but I believe you may be a hand to hand master. Should a demon get close and your fire prove ineffective, a sword will only be your undoing, but if you master hand to hand, you can get closer and survive. This month I’ve been deciding which martial art you would find most adept at learning. Due to your relentless focus on singular tasks it seems Krav Maga would suit you.”
“What is Kra Ma-ga?”
“Krav, you forgot the slight v sound. It is a self defense style that was created in the early nineteen hundreds that combine Boxing, Muay Thai, Jiu-jitsu and grappling. It is one of the more versatile unarmed styles you humans created to kill each other. It uses the natural reflexes for devastating results. It doesn’t have any flowery moves that require years to master. Its simpler than Karate and more effective from day to day situations we warriors must face. Now let’s keep going so we can get started.”
“Blake, how many fighting styles do you know?” Ethan asked as he was helped to walk?”
The Naga smiled without teeth. “All of them. I was the one who taught Samurai how to first use the sword, the first to invent the ancient Chinese martial arts over two thousand years ago. Back in those days I made a lot of it up. Humans were so gullible back then. If you ever visit the ancient temples you can see me in old paintings, though they exaggerated my profile as a dragon. Real dragons look like the medieval kind. Some old monks still remember that a snake man was who first taught their art to reach enlightenment. You wouldn’t believe how many places I’ve been and the students I’ve taught.”
“If you’re so skilled, why aren’t you High Champion, like Crait?”
Blake hissed a laugh. “Because he is my father and knows if we ever crossed swords, only one would walk away. He is stronger than I, but I’m faster. My mother would be sad as well. Besides I do not want to lead my kind and he is well suited to the task.”
“Oh.” Ethan said, learning more today than in the past month of the Naga Blademaster.
Kanade flew in a half hour later when the two were later than she expected, carrying Ethan’s shoes and Blake’s three swords. “What happened?” She touched down lightly, her wings folding up behind her. “You two were late. Ethan, your ankle.” She approached slowly.
“One of the hazards of the task.” Ethan responded lightly.
“That requires a proper wrap. I’ll return soon.” She sat their belongings down and took off.
“Females.” Blake shook his head and hissed a chuckle. “Always think they know best… Usually they are correct. Don’t let them know I said that.”
“Mum’s the word.” Ethan chuckled.
“While we wait for your mate’s return. We shall meditate, but not on controlling your anger.” Blake helped Ethan sit in the grass. The Naga knelt before the human and took his usual meditative arrangement. “Ethan, do you believe the mind can do anything if trained properly?”
“Truthfully? Before I died I would have said it with an absolute no. I thought all that stuff was fantasy hokum. Like all my comics. Something enjoyable, but untrue… now I’m not so sure. I always hoped the supernatural was real and now that I can make fire just by thinking about it, I’m a bit more open to possibilities.”
“Good response.” Blake made a three knuckled fist. “It took me over a thousand years to take control of my mind rather than it rule me. In my four thousand years of life, Ethan, I’ve seen many unbelievable things. There was once this demon Titan who was an outcast of his kind for he wanted peace between Order and Chaos and it was he to taught me how to learn just how powerful the mind is. Usually it takes months for any being with regenerative abilities to re-grow a limb. He lost a leg in a fight and I saw it grow back in a week. The Tournikka ointment I have been supplying you is but a balm. A Witch can induce rapid healing by forcing the mind to rest, all but the part which heals the body thereby speeding the healing process. I’ve learned a way to manipulate my very own mind to heal even faster than magic and am willing to teach you these methods. Your intense focus will be a benefit for these mental exercises. When you broke my toe and burned my shoulder, didn’t you wonder how I was whole by the next day? Now you will learn. You will likely never reach my proficiency, but even being healed one day earlier is better than suffer another in pain.” Ethan listened to the method which seemed simple. Breathe deep and slow, focus only where it hurt by mentally picturing the whole of the body and willing the pain away.
Kanade dropped in during this and broke Ethan’s concentration, but she wrapped a bandage tightly over the enflamed joint and also gave him some pain medicine that Blake approved of that was made of all natural ingredients and by a Nymph herbalist. In a few minutes it kicked in and allowed Ethan to spend an hour learning Blake’s lessons on mental healing.
Then without going to the training area Blake spent the rest of their time together teaching Ethan the art of falling correctly in the soft grass. Krav Maga was skipped as it required more footwork than Ethan was able to manage on the ankle without worsening the damage. Blake started slowly throwing Ethan around as if he weighed little to nothing. Compared to Nagai’s strength, human would never compare. Nevertheless, Ethan experienced how to rotate just enough and roll to his feet. He was actually enjoying the lessons.
Kanade though surprised them both as she requested Blake to throw her. The Naga was amiable to the idea and Ethan’s jaw dropped as no matter what Blake did, Kanade always landed on her feet. She was more graceful than a dancer and her wings the perfect counterbalance. One flap, one stretch and she would flip lazily and wear a smile the whole time. Even in heels she was infinitely more poised and inspiring than Ethan ever was. He was both jealous and insanely impressed. “Thank you, Blademaster.”
“I should thank you, Enchantress. Being blessed with wings has given you great balance. Flying must make you a natural fighter.”
“You know I cannot intentionally harm another.” She laughed.
“Say that to my back.” Ethan joked and watched her flush.
“I just held you tight. You moved and my nails were just there.”
“We’ll see who’s right soon enough.” He vowed.
“And that is my cue to leave.” Blake said. “Rest up Ethan. Until tomorrow.”
“Thanks again, Master.” Ethan said while slightly limping over to Kanade.

In the hall for lunch Floa leapt at Kanade after growing to a short woman’s size and wrapped her green arms around the Enchantress’s glittery neck. “You had sex!” The Pixie giggled ad smiled proudly. “So how was it?”
“How could you tell?” Kanade asked as she bent down to put her friend on her feet.
“The way you walk.” Floa giggled and slapped Ethan on the back, making him blush. “Gave it to her good by the looks of it, Ethan.” She spun back around. “Kanade, you move with more sway to your hips and are in a bit of pain. I remember my first time and could barely walk. You have that look.”
“You’re hurt?” Ethan stood quickly with worry.
“No much, My Love… and Floa, it was romantic and everythin’ I dreamed.”
The cheerful Pixie took both of the Enchantress’s hands. “I’m so happy. And do you know the cure to end the pain?” Kanade tilted her head. “More sex of course. Trust me, once you chafe, it will no longer hurt again.”
“Thank you for the update.” Ethan rumbled in mortification.
“Oh,” Floa switched to a different mental channel. “and I heard about Kira. She got off well. Are you over it now?”
“I’ve forgiven her if that is what you are askin’.” Kanade drawled. “It’s over and I’m lookin’ forward to the future.” She smiled in Ethan’s direction. “Floa, I hope you won’t be mad if you don’t see us often.”
“Hardly!” Floa slapped Kanade’s arm playfully. “When I find my soul mate I plan on not seeing anyone and holing up alone for months. And Kanade?”
“…Yes?” She hesitated at Floa’s new tone.
“I’m looking forward to seeing the babies you two will have. Your kind rarely has children and I expect to see them soon.”
“A little too early to think about children I think.” Ethan cut in when Kanade turned beet red and took a drink of water. “If it happens it happens, but right now we should enjoy each other. All I know is Kanade will be a great mother one day and she will make me a father. But getting there will take practice.”
“That’s the spirit, Kiddo! Now you two better get busy perfecting.” Next thing they see is Floa bringing her hands together.
Next thing they know is they stood in their room, but all the flower petals were swept up and a large food basket waited on the coffee table.
“Did she just?” Ethan asked.
Kanade looked around and smiled. “That she did. Broke in and cleaned the place.” She plucked a card off the table and it made her laugh. “It says ‘Girlfriend, I cleaned this room for you and I had better not see you for awhile. I’ll send food for the next week. It isn’t right soul mates do other things when they need to be joined in the groin. This is my honeymoon gift. Love you, Girl! P.S. Make me proud.”
“What is with her and babies?” He asked.
“A Pixie thing.” Kanade opened the care package to find an assortment of food. “You know she has had over seven hundred children. Unfortunately half were killed in combat or stung by a bug. All Pixies can do are manipulate space and open gateways. Like me, they cannot do serious harm, but because they are so small most of the time they are easily eaten whole or demon bugs poison them… the bugs are the Pixies natural enemy. Yes they can have many children, but physically they are weak and fall prey faster than any race in Order. Floa in particular loves babies. She was there when I hatched and helped raise me.”
“But I thought it’s been centuries since she’s been on earth and you also said she took you camping when you were in the Nineteenth House.”
“True on both, but she didn’t take mortal form at the time.” She sat the food down and asked “Ethan, is was you said true…” She blushed. “That I would be a good mother? We’ve never spoken, but are you open to children?”
“Of course. Just know I’ll be scared I’ll make a mistake. Any child with you will prove our love made something pure and good in this harsh and ugly world.”
“Oh I’ll be scared too.” Kanade admitted. “Even my kind doesn’t have a manual for children. Fate hides those secrets. And I would gladly lay a thousand eggs to show the world my bliss.”
“Speaking of. How many do you lay?”
“Usually one snow white egg, but rarely are their twins laid. Our egg will be slightly smaller than a football, but shaped like a birds. It will take about a year to hatch and we’ll be parents…” She looked him in the eye. “Would you like to get in some practice? We both require a shower. Want to do as before?”
The twinkle in his eye was all the warning she got before making love under cascading hot water and wrapped in her lover’s embrace.

Kanade lay naked and fully satisfied in her sleep as the castle rang in time for supper. She was content with a pleased smile on the bed, but Ethan found himself full of energy and decided that although he would rather spend time with her and go for another round, others were fighting and dying. Proper weapons would decide many outcomes and he needed to get them out.
Ethan snuck out of bed, grabbed his safety glasses and new earplugs. He stepped out, putting them on and could hear Celestia shuffling around downstairs. He found her preparing for another nights work and she acknowledged him with a stiff nod. Together they got back to work, creating the very best demon slaying weapons in the world.
After another night of hard work he returned to his room where Kanade was awake, nakedly enchanting the knife from the morning, offered a smile, finished and rocked his world again before they fell asleep.





Chapter 12

Days came and went to pass into weeks. Then three more months passed and with it came a chilly Fall. These months were the best Ethan could ever remember having. No longer did he feel so useless and awkward compared to everyone else. His muscles had transformed into rigid cords without an ounce of fat between them. His legs had exploded into chiseled muscle and his speed had increased to athletic proportions. He liked how he now had firm pectoral muscles and a flat, washboard abdomen and narrow hips. His hands were calloused from his job as the Forgemaster’s apprentice and was where his upper body had shed every scrap of fat he ever felt disgusted about. Kanade loved rubbing his back muscles that stood out over smooth skin and the array of scratches he wore proudly. With the new strength he found himself able to keep up with Celestia and her production of goods had doubled and with an Enchantress living with her pupil the weapons and armor were protected and shipped to the owners who had been waiting centuries for it.
Ethan trained relentlessly every day in Krav Maga with his Naga master, learning all the moves and when and when not to use them. For once, Ethan felt comfortable in his skin and Blake’s training methods were astounding. Ethan could now hold his own against another experienced human and did so when he fought Kira’s dad who was a black-belt in Karate, and won eight out of ten matches. Ethan was by no means a small man before joining Order, but now he found he’d grown to six three, two hundred and forty pounds of pure physical power. He gained many cuts, scratches and quite a few minor scars along the way, but they proved his hard work had truly paid off. He was by no means stronger than an Amazon, faster than a Naga or graceful as a Nymph, but he was leaps and bounds more than what he ever was.
Training evolved from fighting and mental centering to traps, how to make, spot, avoid and safely dismantle. When Ethan learned those, he was taught the fundamentals on how best to kill certain demons and where weakness’s lay. Blake was thorough and quizzed often.
Kanade became more beautiful by the day and was truly a hopeless romantic. A simple wildflower, candlelight dinner, watching romantic movies and she was butter in his hands. She got into reading a few comics, her favorite being the Justice League and felt a connection with Hawk-girl. Who knew? She still blushed constantly and fanned her face when she was embarrassed, but never said no to a kiss, even if she was mad at Ethan. Being a soul mate didn’t mean he did everything right, but she was quick to forgive and found she had an intense sex-drive which Ethan was all too happy to sate. She even began to allow her hair to grow and it now barely brushed her shoulders. No matter how she dressed she was stunning.
Star-bolt had recovered with no ill effects from her fight and Storm-shadow still spent most of his time watching over the herds or playing videogames with Ethan with a hoof approved controller.
And the home they shared had been modified, much to Celestia’s pleasure for no one unauthorized ever needed to traipse through the workshop anymore. Where once Ethan’s lone window used to be now has a door that leads to a large balcony where Kanade can now land and come home without climbing off the roof or through the shop. Also beside it was a set of stairs so Ethan and anyone else who couldn’t fly could climb. It had cost quite a few points to pay the Ogres who proved excellent stone masons to create the secondary entrance, but it was well worth it.
Floa had laid her newest progeny about two weeks after Ethan and Kanade bonded and at the time she was the most annoyingly chipper Pixie there ever was and the table they usually used was filled by all Floa’s sisters and daughters who were eager to find out. Thankfully most remained small, but no less than two hundred Pixies were difficult to be near, especially after they ate nectar and were on a sugar high. It got worse when the egg hatched.
Odin had come running when he heard his newest child was about to step into the world and it turned out to be a baby girl, which meant Pixie rather than human, but Odin seemed proud and scooped up both Floa and their newborn daughter. They were so happy and it wasn’t over for Odin decided to throw a party for his new child which meant the family list was miles long and the guest short. Ethan had counted that over two thousand of Odin’s children, many bringing their spouses, lovers and children who wanted to come for the expensive event and Floa’s four hundred and three living children came. It was a two day event and filled the castle with visitors. Many of the usual residents went elsewhere to stay away from the festivities. It was two days Ethan would never forget… no matter how hard he tried.
The only cool meeting was with Thor, a half Naga. The only one in existence who shares traits with both his human father and Naga mother. All other offspring took on full traits of the species at random, but not with the lightning god. Thor had scaly skin as hard as any Naga, but was tan colored rather than brown and he had long, flowing blonde hair and humanlike teeth. He led the Fifth House, but couldn’t spend much time as he soon chose to play with Jormungandr, the World Snake. Now that was a sight Ethan was in awe of for Thor’s ability was to actually grow over a hundred feet tall and wrestle with the half mile long, giant cottonmouth who laughed while gouging the ground. Jormun didn’t bite his playmate while Thor didn’t unstring the famous war-hammer Mjolnir, that actually grew in size as its master did. Ethan learned Thor’s human power was growth while his Naga heritage made him immortal, stronger and faster, if for a short time. When Ethan watched the giants playing, he could now see why they were thought gods.
Thankfully everyone went home by the third day and Floa kept her baby close at all times till the day, she said, the baby learns to fly which would turn out to be a week later. And the child’s name turned out to be Blossom. Blossom was very beautiful, even compared to other Pixies.
There were several nightly attacks, but only one which resulted in a casualty when a Goblin killed a Nymph. The funeral was short, but it also spurned Ethan to not slack off for if he was there she wouldn’t have died.
And today was odd for Ethan as Blake made sure he knew yesterday to come shirtless, which was a highly odd request. And to make it odder, Kanade was forbidden to come and participate.
“Are you sure I can’t watch from the sky?” She asked. “I wish I knew what Blake was up to?”
“You and me both.” He said while brushing his hair. In their bedroom burned a cheery fire in the fireplace while she was bundled up beneath the sheets. “He said to meet him before sunrise like this. Go back to sleep. You’re exhausted.”
And then she yawned as if his words triggered it. “I know. Floa and Blossom can do that to anyone, but I love Blossom’s gurgling coos. Be thankful Floa doesn’t drag you everywhere.”
“Being an aunt to a Pixie isn’t easy.”
“Ugh!” Kanade threw herself back. “I’m the one who told you that and now you state it? Can’t be helped, but you know what…” He stopped pulling his jeans up and looked at her. “When ours comes one day I’ll make sure Floa suffers back.”
“Yeah and it’ll get her off my back. She keeps asking if I’m shooting blanks. I have to keep reminding her three months compared to a century isn’t that long.”
“But I love trying.” Kanade arched an eyebrow. “We’ve not missed a single day and it keeps getting better. I know it wouldn’t happen, but if I could use the pregnancy spell Witches have, would you want one?”
He put on his belt and sat beside her. “In a heartbeat.”
“I love you, you know that?” she smiled.
“You know I do. And you know how I always feel about you.” He gave her a soft kiss. “I’ll see you at breakfast, My Angel. Love you.” Her gold eyes softened.
“Be safe.” She covered up more and closed her eyes.
Ethan hurried to put on his boots and went to the new front door and stepped out into the chilly Fall night. To push the darkness and cold back Ethan turned his hand again into a torch, the silvery translating bracelet shone in the fire’s light. He shut the door and took the steps down to the ground. He then knew where he had to go and left down a dark trail after working the night with his oddly silent mentor Celestia. The fire illuminated a good twenty feet of trail.
An hour after leaving home and cutting through the castle Ethan now knew well enough to not get lost and found his master leaning alone by the portcullis’s front entrance. Blake still wore his three swords perfectly, but with the change in seasons opted to wear a long sleeve black shirt, but still remained barefoot. “So what is with all the cloak and dagger stuff so early?”
Blake offered a knowing smile. “You have been my student for the past four months, and one of my brightest I might add. You never once asked me my methods and that honored me greatly Ethan. As for the cloak and dagger, well you need to wait just a few minutes longer. Your questions will be answered shortly.”
“Alright. Lead on.” Ethan allowed, feeling the fingers of doubt crawling over his skin.
They left the castle behind and took a route Ethan was unfamiliar with. Blake and Ethan walked together, but the Naga just a fraction behind was intensely silent in the burning flames bathing Ethan’s hand like a glove.
Ten minutes into it Ethan shot his hand out when spotting a disturbance in the dirt path. A portion of ground looked odd as Blake stopped. “Something’s not right.” Ethan knelt a foot back from where grayish dirt had a patch of dark in an almost perfect circle and found a stick to push some dirt away and immediately noticed a pressure plate. “Blake, what is a bear trap doing on this path. It’s recently dug and set. Someone could get seriously, especially since Pegesai graze here and Centaur… wait… Is this another test?”
“No, not any test. Disarm it effectively.” Ethan slapped the stick on the plate and there came a ‘Clink/snap’ sound as the piece of wood was snapped in pieces. Disarmed, Ethan pulled the trap out. “This is your final test. Proceed.”
Five minutes into the progress Ethan stopped again as he noticed a faint shimmer reflected off a thin wire crossing the path. Another stick was sacrificed to trip it. “Blake those were real spikes that just shot up like spike-strips. Someone is going to get hurt.”
“Then I suggest you keep disarming them all till we reach our destination.”
Ethan growled and angrily asked “What’s happening?”
Blake hissed back “Time is wasting. At sunrise those at the wall will return home to rest and those asleep will wake and be hungry to graze at their favorite field.”
Fighting won’t work. Ethan thought. Need to hurry.
He turned and moved forward with speed and caution. In an hour he found seven more traps, each getting progressively more elaborate, dangerous and harder to take apart. As he finished with number nine Blake said “That is all of them. Well done.”
“What is wrong with YOU!” Ethan exploded as he rounded on the Naga. “Tell me why you would willingly endanger others. Children use these trails often.”
“I never once said anyone would use this trail now did I?” Ethan stopped. “I put in a request last week to make sure none use this trail for the night. This is your final test and you are halfway through. You did well spotting them as I had taught and disarming them as swiftly and safely as possible was key.” Blake crossed his massive arms. “You must proceed ahead on your own. If you do not return in five minutes you will fail.”
“What’s waiting for me?” Ethan asked with genuine concern.
“You will have to figure that out yourself.”
Ethan’s throat bobbled as he gulped his cold anger down and Blake stared, unmoving. When Ethan looked down the pitch black trail and back, Blake merely tapped the top of his wrist with a claw where a silver watch was clasped. The gesture was clear. Time was wasting.
Five minutes wasn’t long and Ethan spun and continued alone, his hand being the only guide. Two agonizing minutes later Ethan barely suppressed a yelp of surprise as three silhouettes extracted from the inky blackness in the form of a club-wielding male Ogre, a feminine Centaur with a pair of six foot long claymores lazily gripped in her demure hands and a Nymph with a longbow in her hand and a quiver full of arrows behind her right shoulder. The Ogre wore long blue jeans only while the Centaur mare wore a red t-shirt with a plunging neckline to expose an ample bosom and the Nymph, like most others wore a skillfully carved wooden bra held together by vine and for bottoms wore a handmade thong bikini out of vines too. Despite the chilly weather, these three beings weren’t human and felt cold in the same way, especially the creamy skinned Nymphs who would wade in snow and still not find the need to cover up.
The claymore wielding Centaur woman, despite standing over nine feet tall, had a sweet and delicate voice. Her dull golden horseshoes were clearly done by Celestia, Ethan could now spot what was her work from all others. “You come unharmed, Fire-thrower… Good. I am Ellen Quiethoof. This here is Magnus Eldertree and his mate Nell Eldertree.”
“I know you two!” Ethan pointed to the Ogre and Nymph. “Back when that Elf was found. He took your daughter.”
“And we are forever grateful.” Nell said.
“Do you know why you were summoned at this time?” Ellen the Centaur asked.
“No, but I’m guessing it’s a fight. Your kind wouldn’t have unsheathed your sword for any other reason.” Ethan guessed, not that it was all that difficult.
“Very astute.” Ellen stood tall. “Blademaster Blake was once our master long ago and it is prudent you show your skill. He believes you are ready and now you must prove it. We know your powers can smite us, but you are not allowed to depend on them.” Ellen gripped her swords to level them down at him. “Defeat us before your time expires. How long did he give you?”
“I got less than two minutes and I don’t want to be late.” The three looked to each other unsurely at the short time he gave. “How far must I go.”
“Make us submit. Nothing more. HA!”
Ellen charged the short distance, swinging her heavy swords as if they weighed nothing. Ethan told his flames to not hurt them, but to stay on so he could see. His focus locked onto surviving the moment and remembering how best to knock a powerful Centaur down. Not only did they weigh more than a ton, they were faster than actual horses. He leapt back as he brought his fists up, his peripheral vision watching the swords slicing through the space his body occupied a moment ago. As they moved away he sidestepped in and ducked as Ellen’s strength was near that of an Amazon and she had flipped her swords around to lunge for his chest, one edge got close enough to sheer off a few hairs from his head. Ethan gambled as he targeted Ellen’s front hooves, where most of her weight resided and had to avoid getting kicked.
The mare realized where he was aiming, but could not bring her swords down in time so she bent down fractionally and hopped sideways just as his hands shot out and caught air. Ellen moved around like a lightning strike and Ethan barely had time to roll to the side as her hind legs were attempting a single mule kick, but missed. Ethan sprang up as she was turning and bringing her swords around, but as she was doing so he lunged and leapt. He slapped a bear hug around her torso, his face unfortunately nestled between her large breasts. She smelled like vanilla.
Ellen was momentarily surprised by the intimate tactic till she grunted in pain as Ethan speared his knees into her pearly white equestrian chest several times with all the force he could muster. Ellen lost the air in her massive lungs for that was basically where her sternum was, for in her upper human body she had no lungs or stomach. He aimed for her weakness with determination. Air shot past Ellen’s full ruby red lips as her forelegs buckled. Ethan landed lightly on his feet and backed away as she lost the grip on her swords and threw her hands out to catch herself before flying face first into the grass they battled into.
Grounded, Magnus lifted his Celestia crafted club that was larger than any baseball bat and was artfully created to look as if it were made from actual wood for it had tree rings, knots and groves a wooden club might have. Magnus stood at just over six feet, but had a wider back and longer arms than Ethan and adding the extra three and a half feet of a heavy club was difficult to dodge.
Ogres were much like humans, only twice as strong and you would never want to head butt them for obvious reasons. Ethan jumped back, feeling the wind from the club on his cheek and delivered two quick jabs to Magnus’s jaw and felt like hitting concrete. The club began to glow as the Ogre spoke a series of commands which activated hidden runes and fed off his Spirit Energy. It had a blue glow and began to shoot sparks. Ethan had been with Kanade long enough to realize the tiny sparks made the club into an effective stunning weapon and would act much like a taser and one touch would render him incapacitated. She could make the runes, but couldn’t use them herself, but right now Magnus was.
Blue sparks of Spirit Energy sizzled past Ethan’s head before his burning fists punched the Ogre thrice in the swinging shoulder. Magnus cried out as the localized jabs increased damage and the heavy club’s weight became too much and fell. Ethan kicked out, landing the heel of his boot in the Ogre’s chest to send him flying back.
Two down. Ethan spun around to find Nell aiming an arrow at his leg. She shouted “Stop the arrow!” and loosed.
Fear of pain made it happen again. ‘Boom!’ there exploded a sound that lit the area for a flash and the arrow was incinerated automatically, Without Ethan needing to think. Not only did the arrow get vaporized, Nell was thrown back by the immense force that came from the Fire Elemental and her trusty longbow disintegrated as well.
Ellen stared, slack jawed at the power he released, but could not stand. Magnus yelled “Nell!” when he saw her knocked through the air and into the darkness. He tried to stand, but was unable to even manage rolling over.
“I’m fine.” She groaned sorely as she didn’t return alone.
Blake carried the Nymph in his arms saying. “Ethan, you had ten seconds remaining. You bested my three best pupils I ever trained.” He then looked down. “Nell, can you stand?”
“I believe so.” She patted the Naga’s clothed chest as he sat her lightly down on her bare feet and she checked herself over to sigh when she wasn’t on fire or even singed.
Ethan collapsed to his knees and gasped as Nell tended her soul mate, helping him sit up.
“How did he do?” Blake wondered. “I came when Nell was thrown through the air and caught her before she made contact with the ground. That burst of light helped me see her being thrown.”
“He is surprisingly fierce for a human.” Ellen said as she forced herself to stand. “Blake, I wondered why you gave him so short a time, but now I understand.” She then moved over to collect her swords, checked them and slid them into the sheaths that are strapped lengthwise to her lower half.
“What am I missing?” Ethan said as he increased the brightness of the fire in his right hand and killed the one in his left.
Nell said as Magnus stood and used her for support “Blake forces his students to fight for their final lesson. He taught all three of us, but you had the shortest time limitation I ever heard of…”
“No, Jason of the Argonauts had the shortest time. I gave him three minutes to face two of my sons and he succeeded… barely.” Blake corrected her and looked at Ethan. “But in the four months you have been my student Ethan, you have inhuman focus and a knack at learning, so long as you don’t assume. You need to learn patience, but that will come with experience. I gave you a time limit” Ellen, Nell and Magnus moved to stand behind their former Naga master to look at him as well. “because you excel under pressure. Nell is one of the best archers, Magnus’ skill with his club and activating different magics in the heat of combat exceeds mine and Ellen’s swordsmanship, speed and archery talents are in the top fifty in all Centaur herds in the universe. You defeated three veteran warriors in under five minutes which means you are now a warrior in full and can hold your own against demons, even without your powers. You have passed.”
“I need a new bow, Blake.” Nell pouted.
“It will be replaced y me, but now Ethan, I must mark you as a student of mine who is graduated from my tutelage and is a trained warrior.” The Naga gestured him forward with a claw.
“Uh…” He hesitated.
“Come closer. Magnus, please bring the kit.” Blake said and the Ogre grabbed his club, spoke under his breath and turned it into a bright blue-white light that pushed the darkness further than Ethan’s hand and walked down the trail. By the time he returned Ethan was standing before the three anxiously. Magnus handed over an old leather bag that looked like a letter carrier’s satchel. Blake lifted the flap and removed a jar of thick black ink inscribed with runes in a ceramic jar along with cloth, Tournikka ointment and a strange, stamp-like object with a long handle. “Ethan, would you mind sterilizing this for me.”
The Elemental took the object and covered it in the fire of his hand, seeing that there were hundreds upon hundreds of needles less than a quarter inch long in the pattern of a Naga’s clawed hand surrounded by a slit eye with a pair of crossed swords in the background, with the pommel’s facing from the bottom up. Immediately Ethan realized what he held and said “A Tattoo. You want to stamp a tattoo on me?”
“Well you’re immune to heat so branding is out of the question.” Blake said sarcastically. “Yes, this is my standard all my students wear. The needles are so fine you will feel almost nothing but a bit of pressure. It will be quicker and more identical than any tattoo artist could ever replicate” Ethan switched hands so the metal stamp could cool. “Show him.” Magnus, Nell and Ellen pulled their long hair aside, Magnus’ being silvery, Nell’s being bright evergreen and Ellen’s dirty blonde. At the nape off all three of their necks was Blake’s black mark. It wasn’t more than two inches long, and was easily able to hide.
The object cooled and was returned to the Naga who opened the rune marked, ink jar and sat the needles end into the thick black ink and thoroughly moved it around so every microscopic needle was coated. Blake stood and had Ethan turn around. Warm, scaly fingers lifted the thick hairs on the back of Ethan’s head and before he could say ‘Wait!’ there was a firm pressure on the back of his neck. Blake began whispering to it and Ethan could feel movement, like ants, but there was no pain. Blake was whispering to the creation so the needles would fill every piece of skin that wasn’t pierced.
It was all over in a minute tops and the pressure on his neck was lifted. Ethan was told to hold still and soon felt a wet cloth wiping away excess ink and a few tiny drops of blood before drying and applying a generous amount of ointment. “Done. Here, see for yourself.” Ethan tuned and took the pair of small hand mirrors. He maneuvered them so he could see just the bottom of the tattoo because his hair wasn’t long enough to cover it all. The area was already beginning to redden, but there was no pain. Blake then lifted his hair to show the mark in its entirety. “What do you think?”
“Not bad for my first ink.” Ethan returned the mirrors. “So are you not my master anymore now or something?”
The three behind Blake smirked, but he said “I’ll always be your master, but now it isn’t mandatory you learn every day. Just keep to daily exercises as is required and if you wish to learn, you may contact me at any time.” The Naga replaced the supplies, threw the strap over his shoulder and gave Ethan a serious stare. “Now that I acknowledge you, Ethan, I must ask you a question.”
“Go right ahead.” He succeeded in not sounding suspicious.
“Three months have passed since you were offered a role as a squad leader. Have you decided one way or another about it?”
“Not really. Why?”
Blake smiled marginally and Ethan now found it less disconcerting since he’d been around it enough to tell the difference between a smile and barred teeth. “I would suggest you take it and request the four of us be permanent members of your team. I know Storm is gnawing away to fight again and as your companion, will make us a six man team.” Ellen stomped her foot indignantly. “Sorry, six person team.” He corrected. “The four of us would be a great addition and we need a proper leader.”
“Why me? Why can’t you be a squad leader yourselves?” Ethan stalled.
Magnus brushed grass from his pants while saying “You Americans have a saying, ‘Those who can’t do teach’ well we are teachers in this respect. Blake is four millennia, Nell is six hundred, Ellen is four hundred and seventy two and I am two ninety four. Age holds nothing for competency. We are not leaders, nor shall we ever fulfill the roll properly. You should also know we failed because we followed our tests to the letter and botched our real mission long ago. Unlike you, I let my captive die in his mission for a heinous crime… as did the rest of us. We are soldiers who didn’t think for ourselves and so set in our ways that we paid the price. Yes we all follow orders from our leaders, but deciding which one is justified while another is wrong and we still follow through… well that is why we weren’t fit to lead. You have the opportunity to lead.” Magnus shrugged with a sigh. “Personally I would like to repay you for saving our daughter from the Elf.”
“Well spoken, Husband… You need a great archer, Young Man.” Nell added before Ethan could respond. “I never miss my target. And I too want to fight alongside a fire-thrower so long as you do not light me on fire.” The Nymph smiled beautifully, un-aged by time and retained a youthful body. “My husband and I would like to be your companions, even if you hadn’t saved our darling daughter. Many wish to fight at your side. It is almost guaranteed that they will come home from every mission and battle under your command.”
“And I” Ellen crossed her arms beneath he ample bosom. “was chosen by my leaders Callu and Mia to be a liaison for the herd and companion. It was a coincidence Blake was also my master long ago and our skills complement each other. What’s more, my colts are all grown and I had a birth control chip put in my arm to not have any more foals… so my mate and I do not need to fear leaving a foal parentless any time soon. I am fully dedicated to my role as a warrior for the remainder of my life. So you do not need to worry me leaving your side at all and be in danger because I was here tending my young. If you are willing to be a hunt-master, I will follow.”
“May I take a few minutes?” Ethan asked, got nods and stepped away.
Ten minute later he found them sitting together, idly chatting. He said “I thought about it and sure, I’ll give it a try. Just so you know beforehand I’ll need some serious help learning the ropes. I’ve only did the Incubus hunt.”
“You will learn. Our experiences and wisdom over the centuries are at your disposal. Do not hesitate to access it. The survival of a team is paramount on such trust.” Blake proudly pat Ethan on the shoulder and offered a bright lizard-man smile. “And we will support you till you grow confident in this role. I will inform Lord Odin of your answer. I will schedule our first hunt soon.” He told them as a group. “We all are nearing the six month deadline anyway. You three spend time with Ethan. I should return by breakfast with our first orders. We will hold a practice before lunch so you can learn each other’s skills so as a unit, we will be more effective.” Blake immediately walked away.
“We have a good two hours before breakfast. Would you like to go to my place to clean up and meet Kanade.”
Nell hesitated. “Celestia’s home? I wouldn’t mind a bath, but you do know my kind might look like a fair skin human, but are actually as flammable as wood. Right?” Her brown eyes were filled with natural fear as she clung to Magnus’ thick arm.
“Don’t worry, I haven’t forgotten. Celestia never goes in my room and now I have a new entrance that leads strait to it. And even should she be near I have become adept at manipulating fire. Nell, touch my hand.”
“No, fire is bad.” The Nymph shook her head quickly.
“If you’re wanting me to lead this new group you need to trust me.” He saw she wasn’t going to. He held his burning hand up to the mare. “Ellen, touch my hand then.”
The Centaur woman was also hesitant, but she locked her delicate jaw and squeezed her eyes shut before reaching out and taking it. After a few seconds she peeked when all she felt was a gentle warmth tickling between her fingers. “What an odd sensation… Nell, I’m not feeling things as fire ought.”
Nell shook her head.
“Magnus?” Ethan held his hand out and the Ogre took it.
“Love, it is harmless. I wondered why I didn’t feel his fire when he punched me in the face and shoulder.”
Tentatively Nell was guided closer and against every natural instinct, she took his hand with a gasp. Her grip was powerful, fueled by fear, and she held rigidly still for over a minute before opening her eyes and gasping to scream as she was entirely engulfed in fire from head to toe. Then she realized she wasn’t alone when her husband held her in his powerful arms while all four of them were in an inferno that was hot, but not sufficiently so. Ethan grinned “I can choose what and what not to burn. Right now the three of you, your clothes, the grass and ground are in no danger. It takes but a thought for me to change those conditions. Fire I can perfectly control and it obeys me.” The immense blaze surrounding them was drawn effortlessly into the palm of his hand. “Nell, it is just like your use with a bow. Whether it kills or not is all up to the intention you give it. You never need to fear fire when I’m nearby.”
The three were greatly impressed, but Nell only became more comfortable when the fire in his hand took a step back. “Come on, let’s go to my place.”
Guided by firelight they moved slowly down the path, feeling their skirmish taking its toll. Ethan’s back and knees were sore, but noticed all the traps he had disarmed were now gone and Blake’s footprints told he had collected it all. Nell was rubbing Magnus’ shoulder while Ellen massaged her lower chest. Ellen was the first to speak though. “Ethan, after you failed to take out my forelegs, why did you embrace me an aim for my breast?”
He gave her a considering look. “Well I can’t jump high enough to get you in a choke hold to kick you in the head. You would have reared back and flattened me. Your horse-half’s ribs are too thick to kick and would just piss you off, but Blake showed me a place on Storm-shadow where on the front of his chest is a thick layer of muscle, but a small nerve where if you hit it enough times and use a lot of force you can knock the wind out of them. If you had worn Centaur battle armor, your lower breastplate would have protected you.”
“I must say” Ellen tossed her long, sandy blonde hair behind her strong yet elegant shoulder. “it certainly was a sharp knee thrust from that position. Have you not wondered why none of us wore armor? Why yours and Magnus’ chests are bare?” He shrugged. “The reason is simple. To have an honorable match as you are and your opponent sees there is no trick or falsehood. Any other conflict I would have donned my armor. In truth, Ethan, you are the first human to ever ground me through unarmed might.”
Ethan grinned. “Yeah, but you were momentarily surprised with my face between your breasts. If not for the suddenness you could have knocked me out with the pommel of your swords before I could have brought my knees in.”
“True.” Ellen admitted with a small smile. “Nevertheless, you managed to take advantage of the moment. Just do not do it again. Only my stallion may fondle me.”
“Not to worry, I know how dangerous my actions would have resulted if your mate had seen. Only one of us would have walked away. Centaur honor is more stubborn than Amazon.” Nell laughed as Ellen smirked and swished her long and beautiful white horse tail.
“I for one am surprised by how heavy you punch. Few even of my kind pack such a wallop.” Magnus said as he let his club rest over his good shoulder. “I’ve been hit in the face by a few humans, but yours takes the cake.”
“Yeah, not only has Blake run me ragged for four whole months Celestia’s job is demanding. Working the metal is more than heating and swinging a hammer. I’m finally able to keep up with her pace. You would be surprised just how much strength and precision working metal is and don’t even get me started on the details. Your club for instance, I’ve spent a week working with her on one. Trust me when I say that if you don’t get strong fast, nothing will get done. By the way Magnus, when did you get a club from her… and you Ellen, your shoes?”
The Ogre said “I’ve had this for seven years, but I had to wait a hundred and eleven years to receive it and nothing compares to Celestia’s creation.”
“I’ve had my shoes for sixty or so years and waited for just over a century to get them as well.” Her hooves were silently walking over the sand. “You have little idea just how hard it was to wait.”
“Actually I do.” Ethan said grimly. “I’ve seen Celestia’s client list. Yes, with my extra set of hands, more is being made, but we’ll never be caught up for another seventy to ninety years. And the worst part is that sometimes the customer dies before she gets to work on the very weapon or armor that could have saved their life. And to further make it more difficult is the runes Kanade and other Enchanters imbue into my master’s creations can only respond to one owner. Should they die the weapon is useless and even if it’s recovered and not buried with the body, My Angel, will theoretically spend days stripping runes so I or Celestia can modify it for a relative to use. For instance,” Ethan held out his hand. “Magnus, may I?” The Ogre passed his thirty pound club over. “If you died, Kanade would need to extract every activation and protection rune, give it to me to heat and reshape the grip to your kids, which would take two or three days to get right, give it back to Kanade where she will meet with the person who will inherit it and bind their unique spirit energy to the club. Her clients come to our apartment all the time. Nell would be unable to use it for her energy is different from yours. Only your children or siblings would be compatible and even then it won’t be close to being as powerful as it is in your hands. This metal is imbued with your Spirit Energy and is best in your hands. Yes the metal still really harms demons who are weakened by different alloys, but the spells effectiveness’s will be greatly reduced. For this reason, recycling might be less costly, but is less effective.
“It is why Celestia has such a long client list for new orders, because she gives only the best. She doesn’t repurpose and gets offended by the notion. Other Order smiths will alter for a new owner. Celestia does not. I tell you this because she won’t allow me to give inferior weapons to anyone either, and I agree. You certainly wouldn’t want a weapon that is repurposed because in a match between two of Celestia’s perfect creations, the one who’s original owner wielding it against a second recipient will win every time. Just because the list is long doesn’t mean it’s not worth it.” He returned the club. “Compared to you three immortals, a century is just a blink of the eye anyways right?”
“True.” Ellen nodded. “And Ethan, should I fall, I want you to know my wishes. My shoes will go to my firstborn daughter. She and I have identical hooves and just earned enough points to apply for her own set by Celestia last year. I wish for Enchantress Kanade to, as you say repurpose them, until she gets hers…”
“No.” He shook his head and held up his hands. “That you will have to work out with Kanade. Not my department. All enchantments are her area. I won’t fix them because Celestia has made sure I promise to only make the best, never reuse unless I completely melt down your horseshoes and start from scratch. The most I can promise is to cut off your hooves if I can’t move your body.”
“That is acceptable.” The Centaur seemed pleased.
“Well I’m being buried with Zaxis.” Magnus declared while fingering the club.
“You’re not going to die at all unless I’m the one stabbing you to death.” Nell said finally. “Oh, Ethan, ever made a bow before?”
“Not yet.” He admitted as they walked towards the castle. “Although I’ve seen Celestia make one just once. We don’t make arrows, but the bow she made was wicked with sharp points and blades along its length and the center parted, making it into an effective pair of curve swords. Why do you ask?”
Nell shrugged. “Because if I’m going to be the main archer of this team I’ll need something more than wood. You already demonstrated you can make it into instant ash.”
“Sorry.” He apologized. “That is one skill that is quite uncontrollable. I found it is a defensive ability when a projectile won’t burn up quick enough to do harm. It happened the first time when an Elf shot at me and it blew him and the Incubus away. It is an intense burst of power that destroys all inanimate weapons in front of me for over twenty feet and sends any attackers flying who are within fifty. Celestia told me that in that moment the area is flashed at over five hundred thousand degrees. Without water, any object is blown apart. I didn’t have time to warn you.”
“No serious damage done.” The Nymph flung her hair back. “What about if you’re attacked from behind? Will it do likewise?”
“Blind spot.” He responded and shook his head. “If I don’t see it coming and know I’m about to be seriously injured, well… I’d be in big trouble. My power is intense, not foolproof. That outward blast you felt is the only one that’s automatic… That I’ve found out about.”
“Are we going to cut through the castle?” Magnus’ deep voice entered into the conversation as they stepped onto the main southern street.
“Yeah. It’s the shortest route to reach my place. Why?” Ethan asked.
“Instead of walking all the way there how about we go to my home?” Magnus asked. “You can tell your mate to meet us for breakfast and there is more than enough space for the four of us to clean up.”
Nell seemed much more animated over this idea compared to going near her natural enemy, fire, especially a giant bird cloaked in eternal flames with a well earned reputation for being unwelcoming. “Yes! Good idea, Love. Vina is sleeping in her crib at the grove with my sister. I’ll go get her.” Before anyone could stop her, Nell ran swiftly ahead to the forest of orderly trees, guided by minimal moonlight and centuries of experience to know where everything is.
“Uh, where is she going?” Ethan asked.
Magnus answered “Her sister is watching over our daughter in the Nymph southeastern grove. Nell will return likely as we reach our room. I will lead from here.”
Magnus took over the party and when Ethan could see enough to not trip over his own feet the fire in his hand snuffed out. Two hours remained before breakfast and as winter would be coming in a month or so, the nights had begun to grow longer with dawn no longer rising at four each morning. Inside the castle they moved, saying little while going over the final trial the was done. Ethan’s bare back, he knew, was scratched up from the dodging to the ground. But he looked at his hands, going over the past sixteen week’s worth of agonizing and relentless hard work and pain.
How I’ve changed. Ethan thought in the privacy of his mind. I never would have believed it before all this, but I’m doing something with my life. I just took on a Centaur, Ogre and Nymph in under two minutes and won! Then he asked in a whisper “Why wasn’t I scared?”
Forgetting Centaur hearing, Ellen guessed well the meaning. “It is Blake.”
“Huh?”
Ellen looked down at him as only a warrior could, demanding, critical and direct. “You wonder how you could face three experienced warriors without being afraid do you not?” He nodded. “Tis Blake and a trait of the Nagai clan. I have been observing you from afar ever since Collu and Mia wanted me to be under your leadership several days after you hunted Incubi. I was also there the first day you graced us will a remarkable first impression, getting off Storm-shadow.” Ellen grinned as she heard his groan. “You wonder how you could go from a lazy, inexperienced human to one who could face three masters unarmed. Mostly it is due to Blake. Each day he was with you not only gave you combat experience and how to meditate, but also a minor gift. Nagai do not advertize it, but if one faces them in combat long enough they fear dying and getting hurt less. It is their innate magic. Yes, Blake taught you as he did us,” She pointed to herself and Magnus who merely smiled with vibrantly white teeth. “but you have faster reactions and won’t freeze when threatened like timid prey. I was a very shy female before he trained me. All the pain he inflicted not only increased pain tolerance, but how to set it aside so you can achieve victory. Combat gave confidence, but training under a Naga made it so you fear dying less and can move properly so as to survive. I know my words are highly confusing, but you didn’t flee from my swordsmanship or Magnus’ club or Nell’s arrow. You are not what you were. No longer are you human. You are now a warrior in full and can honor the pledge you took that first evening of your arrival.”
Magnus then turned into the Ogre hall saying “Ethan, just know that Blake trained you in more than combat and meditation. He gave you invaluable life lessons on how to survive in our dangerous line of work. Chaos will never relent and tonight you proved that neither shall you.”
About halfway through the hall they began climbing steps and heard “We’re back!” Following quickly was Nell with her naked daughter Vina sitting on her mother’s round hip. Ethan was glad he saved the adorable baby Nymph who cooed when she saw her Ogre father and the noise brought a smile to all of their faces.
They moved up to the top level and turned before continuing to the roof. Magnus opened a thick wooden door that stood over fifteen feet in height and allowed everyone inside. Nell immediately noticed a difference to their bedroom when not out in the grove, passed Vina to her father and moved before Dress and lifted a wrapped cloth from the ground. Everyone curiously looked at it as she said “Dress, what is this?” she asked the closet beside the large moss bed.
Ethan though quickly saw that the apartment was full of living plants, like a greenhouse. The bed was made from woven reeds and filled with soft grey moss. A crib was crafted from a stump and nothing other than a TV was unnatural. He wondered how all the plants survived till he looked up and saw the ceiling was actually a skylight that was between two of the many canopy trees growing over them. It was interesting compared to many other rooms he’d seen.
Dress, like in every bedroom throughout the many Houses around the world, was there. The golden face smiled and the blue eyes were full of vitality and mischief. “Hey, Girlfriend! Oh and guests. Some of my favorite people are here, Nell. Hey, Vinaaa!” The toddler gurgled when small brown eyes looked at the sound of her name. Nell cleared her throat and held the wrapped object to return to her inquiry. “A gift from Blake.” Dress said. “Said to tell you this was one of his spares and hopes you like it.”
Nell slowly unwrapped the linen cloth and her eyes flew open wide as she pulled out an unstrung recurve bow. Immediately she announced “Dragon Horn!”
“I don’ get it.” Ethan said to Magnus quietly as Ellen moved to the bathroom door to bathe. Since all bathrooms were huge to begin with, Ethan didn’t need to ask if the Centaur would fit. Nothing was undersize at the castle.
Magnus sat his daughter down to move as she will to say “Next to a bow made by Celestia, Dragon Horn is the most sought after. For Blake to give a Dragon Horn bow as a gift is unheard of. Not only are dragons one of the hardest demons to kill, but it takes diamond to cut off a horn or immense magic. See how the horn has all those ring bumps along its length?” Ethan nodded as Nell held the object reverently. “It would take no less than a year to soften the horn in a special softening solution, to then split it down the center one inch a week, attach the bases and bend it to a desired shape, let it dry over the heat of an active volcano for two more years and then it will be ready for use. Dragons are fire resistant and their horn, once treated properly, will not break or lose tension ever again. Knowing our old master, Blake likely killed the dragon and harvested its horns and scales. It now makes sense why he gave his wife Dragon Scale armor a few centuries back.”
“Enough said. Blake told me he’s only managed to kill three dragons before and told me how deadly they are. Anything that can give Blake pause must be tough.”
“That is an understatement.” Magnus led Ethan to a large patch of soft grass and sat. “Dragons are weakened by copper and can weaken their scales to bite into hard flesh, but you have to get very close to pierce their heart. Arrows bounce off harmlessly or wont penetrate deep enough into their flesh to cause any serious damage. Their horns need diamond or magic, as I said, to cut off and the only way to kill them is to pierce their hearts and send a blast of Spirit Energy to finish the job. Their heart is well protected by the thickest layer of scales in their chest and if you don’t have copper long enough to stab through the scales you’ll either get roasted or squashed flat. Copper is the dragon’s lone weakness. No other metal or material will even scratch their scales.”
Nell went to her shelf and pulled out her archery kit, pulled out her best string and wrapped one loop around a tip, slung it between her legs and grunted as she pulled the top back and barely managed to hook the other loop around. She sighed and stepped out to grip leather center and found the handle just over what she was comfortable with and drew the string. She smiled and looked to her husband chatting with Ethan to hop over as Vina played with a fallen stick. “This is wonderful!” She showed off her new bow. “It needs minor alteration, but will do well. I’m going to go out and practice. See you at breakfast.” She kissed Magnus on his horn and flitted out the front door.
“I know Nymphs are aloof, but that’s twice now that she didn’t give you a chance to put in a word.”
Magnus pat Ethan on the back. “That is my Nell.” The Ogre Laughed. “Not to worry, she gets like this when new things happen quickly. And I cannot blame her, though I’ll never be as skilled as a Nymph or Centaur, I would not hesitate to try out a Dragon’s Horn bow no matter the time. Even a spear from the same material would be practiced with.”
Ellen came out a moment later with a towel around her torso and she dried her long hair. She didn’t even need to ask Nell’s whereabouts, hearing it all and Dress supplied the pretty mare with a new shirt.
Ethan also rinsed off all the dirt and let the shower wash out his minor back wounds and slid back into his jeans. Dress gave him a long sleeve silvery shirt which he was grateful for. Despite his new physique, Ethan still felt self conscious in front of other without one.
He settled down in the grass to ask “So what do you guys prefer to hunt or do you not care? Storm is known to take out Kelpies at every opportunity.”
Magnus watched his daughter lay asleep contently in the grass as he said “Elves mostly. After that one snatched Vina” his blue hand turned into a fist which took on a powdery hue as skin stretched against bone. “it only reinforced my anger towards them. They are tricky bastards, but if you can get close enough they are easy to crush.”
“I prefer Arachne and Lamia myself.” Ellen said.
“Lamia? Never heard of that kind of demon.” He said.
“Half woman, half snake. Like Medusa from Geek mythology, but their hair isn’t made of snakes and they cannot turn mortals to stone. They paralyze through venom. They are quiet and fast and have paralyzing venom like Arachne, but more deadly if left untreated. Without aid, in three days, once bitten will pass on.” Ellen explained.

As the castle chimed it was time for breakfast Ethan found Kanade and Nell already chatting away like old friends at their table. Both Magnus and Ethan were equally surprised that their women were already conversing. Nell spotted them first and waved, but the first to speak was Kanade as she stood. “Ethan, This Nymph says you will be a squad leader and that Blake made you fight all of them?”
“Not my seedling though.” Nell quipped as she took Vina in her arms an tickled the child to elicit a giggle.
To answer he turned around and lifted the hair on the back of his neck up. “Yeah and it wasn’t easy. When I won he gave me this tattoo.”
The Enchantress’s cool fingers lightly touched the new ink like the kiss of a butterfly. “I see. It is red, but not swollen or infected. Are you hurt elsewhere?”
“A few minor scrapes that will heal in no time.” He smiled as he spun. “Kanade, I would like to introduce Ellen and Magnus, also former pupils of Blake’s and my newest companions.” The winged beauty shook both of their hands and greeted them with warm smiles. “So how long have you two been waiting?”
“A few minutes.” Kanade promised as they all sat at the table. “Nell just came up and said we’re goin’ to be good friends out of nowhere.”
The Nymph merely grinned.
“My wife is quite forward, even among her kind.” Magnus said and grunted as Nell elbowed him in the ribs and smiled innocently as if she didn’t do a thing.
“More people! Goody!” Floa sounded as she flew down and changed to her larger size. Blossom wasn’t far behind her mother and giggled like a toddler. For a two and a half month old, Pixies grew quick and Blossom look more like a green skinned four year old with dark black hair like her mother, but her butterfly wings had a lot more gold and white markings. The young Pixie skipped across the table and leapt saying “Auntie Kanna!”
As the usual routine of the past week, Kanade smiled and held out her arms to catch the child. “Mornin’ Sweetheart.” Kanade kissed the Pixie’s brow and said “You changed all on your own!”
“Surprised me this morning too!” Floa grinned. “We were with Odin last night and she grew without my help to land butt first on his face. Naked mind you. It was an accident, but funny.” The proud mother giggled. “Blossom, come back over here before Cook shows up and tells you a lady doesn’t run across the table again.”
Blossom hurried back over on stubby legs and embraced her mother.
“Seems a lot has happened in three months.” Kanade suddenly stiffened at the sound of this new voice. She knew it well and forced herself to relax. She and the others looked as Kira stood close, holding a plate, utensils and a large, empty glass. “Hello, Lads, may I join you.”
“Kira?” Ethan said as he couldn’t believe it was her. Instead of wearing some of the most provocative clothes on the planet she was dressed in a flattering dress, classy heels and wore less makeup. She was actually more beautiful without intending to force it. Her long brown hair was braided, accentuating her slender neck, but the green dress didn’t have a plunging neckline. Ethan also noticed her fragile ego at standing before them. “We haven’t seen you around here in months, not since…” He didn’t finish, but the table was deathly silent. “Where have you been?”
Kira looked to the eyes of everyone present, but to Kanade most of all to say “Busy. May I join you?”
Kanade surprised them all by saying “Only if you tell us where you’ve been. Were you avoidin’ us?”
“I wish I could say no, but yes.” The Witch admitted, moving around to sit across from a Nymph curiously looking at her. “Partially, I mean. Ever since you” Kira’s light green eyes turned on Ethan. “removed Ken from the spell book and finally sent his soul where it belongs, Torment, all the women of my clan have been working hard. There are sixteen living Witches of my family who all carried Ken when it was their time and all of us have been adding new spells so our line can continue to be the only ones to use it, but instead of it belonging to only one, my aunts and ancestors can go to my great great great grandmother who was chosen as guardian and access the immense information Ken had coveted. It has taken three months to finish and is why I felt like trying to come back.” She went quiet.
“Is your family mad at me for my spontaneous actions?” Ethan had to ask as he had been worried he crossed a line he had no reason to even be near.
Kira looked up in surprise at the question and the change he had undergone in the past months. The Witch shook her head quickly. “By no means are any in my family upset. In fact we are most grateful for what you did.”
“Really?” Ethan didn’t sound so sure.
“Without a doubt. Ken was already dead so it’s not like you killed him. Remember how Storm-shadow told you Ken sided with Chaos and my ancestors trapped his soul to all women of my line?” He nodded vaguely. “Well it was meant to teach a lesson, but it backfired and he became a curse that was thought irremovable… till you. Ken’s words were poison and he only became more bitter as time went on. Thanks to your intervention now, all my family can consult the texts once again.”
“But isn’t it sexist? The spell book only working for the women? What about your dad…”
Kira held up a finger and he stopped. The whole table seemed curious now, except Kanade. “Just like there are different runes I cannot use while Kanade can, so it is between Wizards and Witches. Witches can cast curses to bewitch objects and create very potent potions that Wizards cannot. Wizards though can use greater offensive spells and illusions. Most of the spells in on my side focus on feminine arts. Only I though can match a Wizards offensive casting of offensive spells at this House, but I’m terrible at illusions. Six other Witches in the world can claim to be stronger… that still live. There is a reason why people call me the most powerful Witch here for a reason.”
Ellen leaned forward to say “Ethan, I know your history with her, but our team needs a Witch, all hunts have at least one Caster as support. To my knowledge Kira Penbrooke has yet to formally decide on a permanent team…”
“Team?” Kira looked at the beautiful Centaur with long dirty blonde hair. “Wait… Ethan, you lead a team?”
“For the past two hours or so. S Class.” He admitted just as Storm-shadow settled down beside Ethan in his usual spot. “Hey Storm.” The Pegasai, Witch, Enchantress and Pixie heard what happened this morning by the Elemental and introduced the new members. Blake later sat down with his wife so silently beside Ellen that none saw them yet. He then had to order breakfast from Cook and half way through said “And that’s what happened.”
Kanade nodded and said “I agree with Ellen’s consideration. Kira, despite our past, I think your powers will be good for their newly formed team… if you want to that is. You have my blessin’ to fight with my husband.”
“I will… think on it.” Kira decided and looked down at her half finished plate of scrambled eggs and bowl of blueberries.
“Well you’ll also need a full time Pixie!” Floa stated. “It’s been awhile since I’ve pitched in for such a job. Kanade if I go with them will you watch over Blossom while away?” The blue haired beauty nodded, knowing she couldn’t be part of the team for enchanters couldn’t fight and would only be a liability. They could cast powerful protections, but in combat that isn’t what’s needed.
“Glad to hear it.” Heads snapped to Blake and his wife. The Nagai looked at each other and hissed a laugh. “Everyone, this is my brood-mate Reevy. Reevy, this is Floa and her daughter Blossom, Enchantress Kanade and you already know the others.”
Reevy, unlike Blake was lighter of color with less prominent scales covering her body. She was deceptively demure, but wore dark green scales that looked like large diamonds, like chainmail over a pair of well endowed breasts that made even Kira a bit jealous. Her opaque claws were painted a ruby color, but wore spike studded gloves. At her elbows were bands with a sharp curved blade that were lethal in close combat and over a shoulder was a rapier sword. Her voice was soft for a Nagai. “It is a pleasure to meet my mate’s companions. I’ve heard so much and it is past time I get to meet you in person.”
“Why did you wait so long to introduce her?” Ethan asked Blake.
Reevy answered “Because I would be a distraction and I am quite busy hunting Sheedan down.” She noticed the table’s instant reaction to this. Sheedan the Agas Demon Lord who sent the Elves covertly to the First House and one of whom tried kidnapping Vina. “Do not worry, I know what I’m doing and only those trained to hunt Agas can participate. This is another reason I stayed away from my mate’s pupils. Love, better tell them before I get questioned to the third degree.” She winked at Ethan.
The sword carrying male smiled and said “We got ourselves a rather difficult mission. Kira,” The Witch gave him her undivided attention. “you will need to decide soon whether to join Ethan’s group or not right now. Your talents will be greatly needed on this difficult mission and as you too are also a warrior who took the oath you have an obligation, thought I know Ethan won’t force you to do so. Listen to what I have to say and decide.” Kira at least nodded as Blake looked to each member closely while taking a bite of seasoned rabbit from his plate. The seriousness of Blake’s words kept the table quiet while the rest of the hall was just as lively as usual. “We’re going on an S Class ranked mission though we’ve never officially worked together before because of Ethan’s power. As a Fire Elemental we’ll likely have only the hardest tasks from now on, B Class and up, but this one needs coordination above all else.” Blake swallowed and Ethan knew Class ranked missions were A-E depending on danger and S Classes were left for the greatest issues that held worldwide dangers. “Spirit World has had a breach by two demons and two celestial items were stolen because of it. We are tasked with retrieving them and eliminating the thieves.”
The air at the table grew thick with silence before Ethan’s innocently ignorance had him asking “Stolen? From Spirit world? Isn’t that place off limits to demons or something?”
Heads turned to him, but not harshly. Kanade took his hand and said “Ethan, Spirit World has the greatest protection and no demon has gone there for over five hundred years. Not since the accords were finalized. It was supposed to be impenetrable by Chaos’ reach… and if not one but two demons found a way in and entered the fortified and guarded Trove of treasure… well they will be powerful demons to be sure.” She looked to Blake and asked “What kind of demons were they and what was stolen?”
Slowly the Naga fingered a katana at his hip. “A nine tailed Kitsune” Ethan heard it pronounced kit-soon-nay. “and a Siren. The report said the Siren was powerful enough to put two Enforcers asleep while the fox entered and stole the items.” Ethan saw everyone tense slightly in preparation. “The artifacts stolen were the Mallatiatherium Sword and Crescent Mirror.”
“You can’t be serious!” Storm-shadow whinnied.
“Indeed I am.” Blake said with an unwavering gaze.
“What are these items? I’ve never heard of them.” Kanade said and only Ethan and Kira were likewise left out.
Floa answered as Blossom lay curled up on the bench after finishing her nectar. “Not surprising. Fate himself locked those two powerful creations away before the three of you were ever born. The Mallatiatherium Sword was demon forged and offered as a gift for the Accords while demons got our Spectral Light so that they could see in the deepest pits of Demon World. The sword, I know for a fact because I saw it used nine centuries ago, can cut anything alive and turn it into a demon. All it takes is one tiny nick and you’ll be lost forever as an obedient demon servant to the owner of the sword. It will even make lesser demons out of trees. The only way to free the souls turned demon lays in the hilt, but only if it’s taken before their skin turns black. Black servants lose their soul. The only ones able to handle that forbidden blade are demons or Nagai. It will kill any other bearers.
“The Crescent Mirror can only be used at night and can be likewise catastrophic if left unchecked. It’s power is matched by the phase of the moon. The fuller the moon, the more powerful it becomes. What makes it so dangerous is it can grant any wish no matter how big, for a price.”
“Price?” Kira prompted.
“That is what I said. If the wish is minor you might lose a finger or something equivalent. And you only get one wish. If it is a big wish cast under the full moon it can destroy a city larger than New York instantly for the wisher’s life. Even galaxies can be destroyed.” Floa answered to her level of information on the subject.
“Alright, but back to the demons…” Ethan looked at all at the table. “I know a Siren can be man or woman who’s voice can lull one to sleep or blow out your eardrums if you hear, but what is a Kitsune?”
Storm-shadow answered this time. “A rare demon who’s power is reflected in the number of tails it has. Nine is as high as they come and are more deadly than a greater dragon. They look a mix of human and fox and covered with either red or white fur. They are tricksters, can manipulate plants and are the greatest thieves. Blake said this fox demon has nine tails and I can assure this will be one of the greatest demons we’ll ever face. Demon Lord Class. Ethan, we must retrieve the sword and mirror at all costs for the damage they can create is incalculable… Blake, the items are our primary target correct and killing second?”
“That is the mission given by Spirit World. We will be the first to try and reclaim them and if we fail we’ll assemble an army. I have to be there for the sword and administer the antidote as soon as possible. Right now both seem to be in Venice Italy, but have separated. We know the general area at least and our first target is the sword. Since the mirror wasn’t used tonight means one of them are waiting for the full moon to rise in two days. Unfortunately the sword is already in use. We will practice till noon and leave after lunch. If we wait for long one of them will quite literally have the power to make an entire army of truly loyal demons who will obey any command.” Blake finished.
“Then we better eat and get started.” Kira said. “Something this serious will need me, especially against the Kitsune. I’m in. You all can get started while I prepare countermeasures.”
“Then it’s settled.” Ethan said, realizing that as leader, he had final say. Everyone finished eating every delicious bite.





Chapter 13

Kanade sat on the floor of their living room playing with Blossom when Ethan exited the bathroom and had changed into a brown leather jacket over a green t-shirt and had the front zipped half way. Matching leather pants hugged his hips. Ethan felt odd wearing the firm yet supple leather, but Kanade and Ethan both knew the leather served as more than light armor, around the cuffs, seams and all around it were very tiny runes wrapped around and were created by her very hand. It was a surprise gift a month ago where Kanade said she’d been secretly enchanting them for a month earlier all for him. He knew the words to activate the protection in the event danger was present and the gift was a treasure. He hooked the headset to his ear and didn’t turn it on just yet. Ethan turned just as Floa landed on his shoulder and grabbed his dark auburn hair for stability. “All set?” he glanced down without turning his head too quickly.
“Yep yep!” Floa grinned at the gray eyeball.
“Ethan?” he turned as she stood, carrying the young Pixie in the curve of her slender arm as she towered over her mate and tiny perched friend. Ethan smiled to lessen the terror she expressed in her sorrowful gaze. “Promise you’ll come home soon.”
“As soon as possible, Angel.” He vowed.
“Floa, you’ll stay close to him won’t you?”
The Pixie sighed loudly. “Girl, will you quit worrying your pretty little head. We have the strongest warrior leading us and none on the team are slouches. Everything will be under more control in Italy than here with my daughter. You forget, I’ve been at this far longer than all of you, Girlfriend. I’ll go where I’m needed and get everyone out safely.” Then she waved. “Blossom, you be good for your auntie and your father and I will take you somewhere fun.”
The young girl threw her chubby arms up going “Yea! Yea! Auntie Kanna I beee a good girl, right?”
Enchantress Kanade smiled adoringly at the young one before locking her golden gaze with grey and leaning down for a tender kiss. It hinted at more upon return. “Be safe, Ethan. I love you.”
“Love you too.” He then tickled Blossom’s exposed pea green ribs. “You too little scoundrel.” The Pixie child giggled and burrowed for safety beneath Kanade’s shirt. Blossom’s head soon peeked out from between Kanade’s bosom after writhing inside for a moment. A bright grin plastered her adorable face.
“Let’s go out.” Floa tugged on Ethan’s hair and pointed outside. She couldn’t teleport so long as the privacy runes were in effect and with both Ethan and Kanade inside, they are always activate when together.
Outside they spotted Storm-shadow in full, warhorse armor. The stallion was armored by Ethan before he carried him home to get ready. Storm-shadow’s armor wasn’t made of polished and ostentatious silver or gold, but painted a non-reflective, tactical black like his coat. It wasn’t the first time Ethan strapped on the armor, but it was their first actual combat mission together. The front of Storm-shadow’s breast, ribs, underbelly and flanks were protected by thick yet exceptionally light plates and a horse’s helmet guarded his face. The body armor was made in sixteen connected plates the Pegasai simply stepped into and Ethan simply had to secure heavy duty leather straps which snugly hugged the stallion. The only unprotected areas were the armpits and wings.
Storm-shadow was a truly menacing and inspiring figure.
Down the steps Ethan went till he and his partner met and quickly mounted. Floa said “This will be quicker, Boys.” And clapped.
Instantly they were transported to the designated meeting area just south of the castle’s main road. They weren’t the first to arrive as Nell sat comfortably on Magnus’ broad shoulders, her ankles crossed over his chest as if she weighed nothing and for once the Nymph wore more than the absolute bare minimum to be publically seen. Nell wore silver chainmail over her torso with her new Dragon’s Horn bow secured across her back with a full quiver of white feather fletched arrows. She wore cotton pants and strapped to her thighs were an assortment of throwing knives. Magnus though was dangerously imposing as he too wore a full set of armor like a knight, but like Storm-shadow, it is non-reflective black and the helm also had a place for his seven inch long ivory horn to protrude. At his side was the heavy metal club, Zaxis.
Approaching together came Blake and Ellen, also armored, but wearing thick and maneuverable leather like Ethan. Blake still kept his three swords, but Ellen had more than her two claymores this time as she also carried a bow and quiver.
Quickly, almost running, was Kira. She and Floa were the only ones without any armor, but the Witch wore form fitting jeans, running shoes and a red sweatshirt. Around her waist was a pouch hiding potions and hanging from her shoulder was a purse likely filled with more Witchcraft materials. Out of everyone, Kira seemed the most casual and normal. They met up and she said “Sorry for being late, lads! Had to make sure we all are prepared to face two greater demons.”
“Don’t worry. You are right on time.” Nell greeted and lightly dropped off her husband’s wide, armor-plated shoulders. “Kira, right?”
“Aye?” the Witch said.
“Did you make sure to bring some Siren plugs? Are you ready to fight a demon horde. Who knows how deep this plot goes and how many have assisted the two demons.” Nell flicked her long green hair over her slender shoulder, making her pointy ears peek out and Ethan held Storm-shadow’s reins loosely while remaining seated.
“I assure you I have spent all morning and lunch preparing. While you all were working together I was readying for what might possibly await.” Kira then pulled the zipper at her purse and extracted a tiny vial with a yellow tint and a stopper. “This will be more effective than Siren plugs. One drop in each ear will last two days and no Siren magic can lull one to sleep or shatter our ear drums will happen. But be sure to kill it quick for close range will liquefy our brains. And as an added bonus, the drops won’t hinder hearing like plugs do.”
“Really?” Nell shrugged and stepped closer to tilt her head. “Do me then.”
Kira dropped a single droplet down the Nymph’s ears, but passed it around after. Ethan followed Ellen and also did Storm-shadow, from the saddle. There was a momentary sense of burning, but then it went away and Kira explained the potion was simply protecting the inner ear by coating the eardrum. Floa had to grow to take her drops and returned the still mostly full solution back to Kira.
Ethan though said “But what if the Kitsune has the Mallatiatherium Sword? We know the objects are separated, but how will we contend if it’s in its hands?”
“A gamble.” Blake said and he rolled a shoulder and tightened a strap on his spiked forearm bracer. “The information is sketchy to be sure, but Kitsune aren’t naturally swordsman and Sirens do like sharp things. It is just a guess, but if the Kitsune has the demon sword there is no potion I’m aware of to truly neutralize their powers over nature and illusion… Unless I’m mistaken?” Blake’s eyes tuned to the Witch.
“Not that I’m aware of either.” Kira said. “I can fight the illusions somewhat, but, Ethan, if it attacks with plants it’ll be up to you.”
“Got it. We all set?” Ethan asked and watched as Blake, Ellen, Kira and Nell all took out a nearly identical device that he wore. The only one that was most modified was Blake’s since he didn’t have an ear to support the limb and eye piece, but he fixed that with a strap that wrapped around his head. Then Ethan took a closer look at Magnus’ helmet to see just behind the left eyelet was a screen also. “Wait, you all have one too?”
“Of course.” Ellen said. “It helps with communication and we can link them together so we all know where the other is.”
“That’s why I was late.” Kira said. “I just received mine a few minutes ago so I don’t know all its functions.” Nell pat Kira’s shoulder and promised to give a quick rundown.
“Well this makes things easier. Everyone turn yours on.” They said the activation sequence. “My dearest angel.” Was Ethan’s unique start up phrase and the screen instantly flashed and calculated targets, distances and oriented to finish procedures in two short seconds. “Activate and link to all devices within twenty feet, priority leader, mine.” It beeped and five sequenced numbers activated. The numbers signified the others in range. “One: Blake. Priority; Second in command, Two: Kira, Three: Nell, Four: Magnus, Five: Nell. Save as primary priority contact as ‘Team Link’.” Another beep confirmed order’s success. “Blake One!” The image on the lens shifted to Blake’s point of view along with sound that came from the other point of view and Ethan cycled through the remaining four to say “Good. Is everyone alright with that?” Everyone’s screens automatically were bound to his with him being number one and Blake as his second.
Magnus said “Simple and effective. You’re the leader now. Blake is the appropriate choice as second. Wise decision.”
All eyes turned to him and he nodded. “Kira, as soon as Floa transfers us you’ll need to give us an exact position on the sword. I couldn’t link my set to even the general area and I’ve never been to Venice…”
“I know the area.” Storm-shadow said. “Ethan and I will stay aerial to keep an eye on everyone.”
“Agreed.” Ellen said. “You will see traps before we do. Kira, stay near Nell. It was decided as our best solution from training this morning.”
“Everyone set?” Floa asked from Ethan’s shoulder and when no objections came she brought her small hands forward and clapped.
The sun shifted immediately and no longer was there a beautiful castle or an amazing landscape, for Floa transferred them to a dark, dank alley in a maintained section of the city. The usual clean fragrance of an open environment Ethan was so used to was fouled in the next breath by city pollution, sounds of crowds and minimal nature. Ethan was used to city life, but in the last four months he preferred his new home. Storm-shadow’s hooves loudly clopped on concrete and brick.
Before any so much as spoke, Storm-shadow charged down the wide alley and spread his wings to run and fly above the buildings. Ethan was ready as it was the plan and held on, ready for an ambush that could have been waiting. Thankfully there wasn’t so much as a hairy Goblin within sight. The winged stallion soon charged over the city, going ever higher and higher. Floa held onto Ethan’s hair and stayed close. It being the only way the stallion could fly with another passenger. Floa’s idea worked, but if she touched any part of the mount they’d begin falling. The nearby crowded streets had some people looking up, but none paid Storm-shadow any mind since nearly all humans were unable to glimpse what was truly around.
Smelling Floa, some demonic bugs stupidly followed and she calmly spoke in Ethan’s right ear. He saw six large dragonfly-like bugs with six wings and a stinger at the end of a tail that is normally harmless and causes mild confusion except to their natural enemy, Pixies who were like nectar to bees. They were following relentlessly. A simple thought and a smile had the stupid insects ablaze and fell like smoking cinders. Two weren’t corporeal and completely vanished without a trace. Floa thanked him with a pat to a cheek.
Nell had drawn her bow and readied three arrows, notching one, while Kira’s right index finger was already alight and writing a complex spell that lingered as if she were writing on paper. Only the most complex and powerful spells could retain light and shape in the empty air. Her features were set in deep concentration while all heard Blake unsheathing his two long bladed katanas. Their off-golden sheen was also forged by the Forgemaster herself and long runes were written down the flat sides of the identically curved blades. Ellen could be heard activating the spells on her hooves to go silent for her namesake, Quiethoof, while drawling her own bow and arrows. Blake readied Zaxis and stood protectively around the Witch and his beloved. They held still and set a small perimeter around Kira as she created more than a paragraph of runes that glowed a soft azure. Then she snapped her fingers and the runes coalesced into a ball of pure light no larger than a marble and harmlessly glided to her forehead to pass the flesh without resistance. Her green eyes snapped open and she said “Ethan, can you hear me?”
“Loud and clear. What do you have for us?” His deep voice came from the earpieces they all wore.
“Both items are definitely within a hundred miles of us.” She stated directly. “But I can see why no one could give us clear points of reference. The sword and mirror are being magically obscured from normal means. My spell is picking up the mirror from over a hundred areas. Kitsune magic, more powerful than any I’ve ever felt before. It’s like it is split up yet whole… just like Cook. I cannot distinguish real from fake or any traps it laid.” She made the analogy which he acknowledged with an audible grunt that was picked up clearly. The wind created by flight wasn’t translated over the link. Kira continued as she turned her head around and stopped as she looked at a wall. “The sword is different… I can barely feel its demonic origins, Boyo. It’s being heavily dampened somehow. All I can tell you it is…” her eye looked at the screen’s compass for a bearing. “Northwest of us. How far is uncertain. A common Caster would surely be overwhelmed.”
“So the Siren very likely has the sword, why else would the Kitsune use its power otherwise?” Nell said. “Thankfully we’re not assuming wrongly and going after the bigger threat first.”
“Blake, your nose and tongue is keenest.” Ethan said after relaying to Storm-shadow who spun almost completely around and flew in the spoken direction. “The mirror won’t work in daylight. Can you tell how bad it is down there?”
“Bad.” The Naga said as he sniffed and licked the air like a snake. “The wind carries the scent of blood and fresh young demons. The ancient sword is already being used to create an army… Though the distance seems far from our position. What are your orders?”
Though the morning lessons were short, much was accomplished. Ethan said “We go with Nell’s plan.” He remembered the different scenarios. “Fill Kira in along the way. Storm, Floa and I will keep an eye out for sentries and anything out of the ordinary. So long as a dragon doesn’t join the party we can handle any flyers.”
Magnus nodded to the group and ran for the exit, keeping Zaxis at the ready. His heavy armor was loud, but didn’t slow him. He might have been large and weighted down, but he nimbly ran through the crowd in search of nearby transportation alone. He soon located a busy street, glad they weren’t near the waterways and would be heading away from Laguna Veneta’s influence. Behind his faceplate he smiled as he located a street sign saying Via Bissoula. Immediately his eyes landed on parked vehicles and that of an approaching Ghoul following around an old man in a wheelchair and a young woman pushing him around. The Ogre could see the man wasn’t long for the world and the Ghoul was waiting for his next meal, chatting with the young woman as if he were human, likely she thought him a man who would be there in the final moments and not a demon who would eat the old man’s soon to be dead body. The ghoul was hunched in the back, hairless with a gray parlor, thick yellow teeth and wore large pants that were bulged due to thick and powerful legs.
The Ghoul immediately noticed Magnus in full battle armor, made some excuse to the young woman and leapt like a frog. The woman merely continued on her way while the Ogre chuckled at the fleeing lesser demon. Both knew a lone Ghoul was no match for even an unarmed Ogre.
When the demon disappeared Magnus took a casual walk so as to not make the humans curious and found what he was in search of. He made sure the camera locked onto a large, parked semi-truck and asked “Ellen, will you be comfortable?”
The Centaur had been half watching from her post at the corner building Magnus had vacated. She checked the display his headset transmitted and said “It will make for a perfect disguise. I can use the open trailer well. Commandeer it and pick us up.”
“On it, Lass.” Magnus moved to the driver’s door, found it locked and pressed his club’s narrow end and spoke the activation sequence imbued, gave a twist as if it were a real key and it unlocked. He jumped inside, closed the door and hotwired it. The truck roared to life and he drove back to the alley where the rest of the team waited safely. Everyone piled in, but it was Kira and Nell who rode in the cab so if any demon also paying attention would just see two women inside and Nell’s youthful appearance would make her seem like another woman with dyed hair.
Soon they were on their way.
Up in the sky where it would be nearly impossible to spot flew Storm-shadow. He listened to Ethan’s continual reports from Kira and was an asset for as she drove she narrowed down the many places to watch. Ethan had his tiny camera on zoom so he could keep an eye on the trailer and any dangers following or laying ahead. Floa vigilantly scanned the skies, but the bugs no longer flew so high and other flying creatures kept their distance. Once she saw a dragon, but it flew in a different direction so she didn’t bring it to anyone’s attention. They worked together, as a unit. But they didn’t fly so high as to fear airplanes. Then came the Scottish Witch’s report “Lads, the sword is somewhere within three miles of us. I’ve been circling this part of the city for an hour, but I cannot get a closer read.”
“Kira, hold on. I just saw something.” Stated Nell. Everyone tensed as Kira applied the brakes slowly and came to a stop on the street’s mostly empty shoulder. The Nymph said “Rewind twenty seconds, transmit to team.” Everyone’s screens went white for a brief flash and replayed the last moments. “Pause!” She ordered and the image paused. The horror in Nell voice was clear. “How sickening. Blake, what are they?”
The image was of a misshapen body that seemed to be covered in molasses and snot. It had three fingers a foot long and bulging muscles able to tear things apart with minimal effort. It didn’t seem to have a face aside from ears and a mouth, and the image’s legs seemed short and stocky. Draped over an arm was a man which looked dead, but that wasn’t certain.
“A human turned by the Mallatiatherium Sword. It’s been long since I’ve seen it, but that slime will harden, turning the mucus black. By the color, it was recently cut. Ethan locate it now. It will lead us…”
“Found him!” Ethan said and everyone changed their view to what he saw. “Storm, turn left a bit… There! Your wing was in the way.” Storm-shadow then began to glide slowly. The image showed the former human had a loping gait that no human could ever sustain for more than a minute. The man draped over its arm bounced around, but didn’t rouse. It moved through alleyways and passed another snot monster that no longer resembled a human. Another down the street was hiding in shadows, that one was too late to save for it was charcoal black and no longer dripped. Then he turned the screen to infrared and heard several of the team curse at the same time. “Not good. Blake you were right.”
“Wish I wasn’t.” The Naga hissed.
“I count sixty nine heat signatures acting as look outs. The new demons are bringing in more people to turn like ants to a nest… Blake, I have an odd question.”
Everyone could hear the change in tone and sounded like hope. “What is it?”
“I’m not alright with slaughtering innocents under control of another, even the completely black ones, but if these things were once people, will they still respond to let’s say… Passing out from heatstroke?”
Silence is all that came. No one even had considered that idea. Then Blake said “You can try. I know not if it will work, but if their body has any human properties it may do the trick. If you can target the sentries… we can sneak in without an alarm being raised. Does anyone else deny it can’t be done?” None voiced concern.
“Ok, We’re going in. Storm take us down. Be careful, they have sentries watching the skies too. I’ll guide you to the area where they are sloppily placed.” Storm-shadow pitched forward and Ethan growled low and deep at what this demon was doing to helpless people. Turning them to monsters! Ethan felt no sympathy for the thing behind the plot.
Ethan used the reigns to guide Storm-shadow towards the furthest creature that stood still as a statue, as if commanded to not move at all unless it spotted a threat. It stood in the shadow of a tree and building where no others could keep an eye. In its long fingers was a flare gun, crude but highly effective as a warning signal. Storm-shadow was silent as he landed in a section of trees. He then slowly stepped forward till Ethan touched his thick neck. They were so close that any noise would draw it’s attention.
Very gently, Ethan held out his hand and warmed the blood beneath all the ooze. Not too hot. He warned himself. Everyone was watching what he was doing, but then the creature got too warm and dropped to its knee before falling face first into the sidewalk. “Let me check it out.” Ethan dismounted, summoning a fireball in his hand and crossed the road. None were around and he rushed over. “Yuck.” He grumbled as he touched the neck and all the sticky gel. There remained an erratic pulse. “It’s alive.”
“We’re on our way. Make sure it doesn’t wake.” Kira said as she hit the accelerator. In five minutes they arrived and quickly exited the truck and trailer.
Blake bound the once human securely while saying “Marvelous idea, Ethan. I didn’t know you could do that.”
“Well I figured it would work. I do it often at the forge. I have to sometimes heat a small area inside metal. I just applied it, but I have to be within a hundred feet or else my control would have been unstable and burned it from the inside out… But would this Siren know the condition of its thralls?”
“Unknown.” The Naga said as he finished and stood. “Doubtful though because it’s been minutes without an alarm.”
“Many of the buildings are too short and easy to spot Storm-shadow.” Kira stated as she pulled out several vials. “And too exposed to do this again. How do you plan on taking out all the sentries?”
“He cannot ride any longer.” Storm-shadow answered. “I am useless on this battlefield, but I will fly just out of range and crush any outside sentries if all fails. But I would suggest someone go to the roof and aid me should you be spotted.” He looked at Ethan. “And infiltrate using the least watched route.”
“Sounds good.” Ethan said as it held fewer risks at harming others. “Kira, I want you and Nell teamed up where the best height vantage lays. And only as a last resort will you kill anything. Clear?” they nodded in understanding. “The rest of us need a short and safe route…”
“Already chose one.” Ellen said confidently in a way only a Centaur could. “It won’t be short, but I’ve been studying your recordings. I’ve selected a route that will be observed by only eleven turned demons and can get as close as you need.”
“Take the lead then. I’ll be right behind with Blake and Magnus. Floa will extract us if we fail.” The Pixie held on as she nodded.
The group followed Ellen while Storm-shadow disappeared into the trees to take to the sky soon. Kira said “Where should we take cover? I cannot make us invisible with what I have.”
Nell looked around and then grinned. “That tree is taller than these structures and will hide us well.”
“Glad I didn’t choose a dress for this.” Kira said and followed the Nymph over to a tall tree, but wasn’t so adept in climbing as a Nymph. They left the bound prisoner where it lay, but in sight should it awaken and have them be forced to put it down.
They moved carefully and as Ellen had strategized in so short a time, incapacitated eleven watchers without being spotted. The blackened ones were harder to drop, but they too succumbed to Ethan’s power.
The most fortified building was little more of an abandoned two story office. Walking its roof was five turned beings, they moved with mindless direction. They had to hide once as another creature passed and carried an unconscious middle aged woman. When it passed they sighed. Using the timed pattern to an advantage they all ran for the back door and stuck close to the windowless walls without those on the roof taking notice. Without clear line of sight Ethan couldn’t use his power even though the infrared scan showed that a tall monster stood just feet from the door. Ellen exchanged her bow for her claymores, unsheathing silently.
Inside they heard the screaming of intense pain from people turning and it chilled them all, but they didn’t let it affect them. In a whisper Magnus said “I will go first.” None halted him as he grabbed the door. They all tensed as one and Magnus jerked the door open and leapt inside, swinging his club. There was a ‘Thwack’ and then a tumble of wood like falling potatoes. Ethan followed Blake to find a pale sheen of a newly turned person. It retained some human characteristics, but was well under way to a completed grotesque form. Ellen came in last, the roof ceiling just high enough for her not needing to duck.
They moved to an empty hall and building scans showed more than the dozen people writhing and screaming just beyond the next door.
Suddenly a door opened and out came another recent victim. It had a blank stare up close, but as it opened its mouth to sound warning Blake made an inhuman leap forward and spun, decapitating the poor person. Ethan felt sick as black blood shot to the roof before the being collapsed. Magnus grabbed the falling body as a sword speared the head so no noise was generated. Ellen grabbed the soul that separated from the body. Blake then peeked inside before shutting the door. He made hand signals that said he saw the sword and the Siren together. They couldn’t talk for the true demon had keen hearing.
This is it. Ethan thought. Time to end it. As he moved forward he heard the voice of a woman who sobbed “Please no! Don’t hurt me…hee!”
In a singsong voice came a soft and obviously male influence. “No fear. You safe.” The woman quieted at the Siren’s spell and was submissive. There was a slurping sound beneath all the screaming and then the woman joined the morbid choir of torture. The Siren laughed. “Another for my ranks.”
A growl exploded from Ethan as he kicked the door in with a cold hate fueled rage that destroyed it.
The Siren, as it turned out, was average height and humanoid and startled at the roar and destruction of the door. It had a fishlike color like Abe from Hellboy, blues and dark grays. His hands were webbed by thin membranes, but it had barely visible gills on the neck. Slanted black eyes showed no white as it widened and pointed ears stuck out from the side of its smooth head while it seem to have a dorsal Mohawk like the spine of a fish, but on his head and crept back to its shoulders. It wore just a pair swim shorts. It’s large chest swelled in a gasp, but at so close a range it could be released to killing effect.
“Time for a fish FRY!” Ethan bellowed as he threw his fist forward and angry fire shot instantly, slamming into the Siren’s face. It screamed straight up, dropping the sword. The sound was unlike anything Ethan ever heard and was so powerful the ceiling above began to crack and explode upwards. The pain made the shriek last a lone second, but as it inhaled all it got was a lungful of two thousand degree fire. It collapsed and writhed. Fire consumed all the oxygen in the Siren, making it unable to yell again. “Blake!”
The Naga wasn’t a moment slow as he leapt into the room unarmed and dodged fifteen demon enhanced humans. They were fast, but not Nagai fast. The fire Ethan shot ended. In just an instant reptilian claws located the Mallatiatherium Sword and snatched it. “Halt!” the surrounding demons stopped instantly as Blake became the sword’s new master. And as he was the only one of Order who could handle its power, he was the heart of the mission.
All along the ground were dozens of people in total agony. The Naga didn’t waste time making them suffer and flipped the blade around. He twisted the pommel off and inside the grip was a foul smelling yellow liquid that looked more like infected puss, quite like those turned. Blake and Ethan gagged on the odor. It had a tiny notch and he knelt beside one young boy and offered a single drop when Ethan came over and forcibly held him down. The moment the liquid was swallowed the child stopped thrashing and a deep stomach wound knitted instantly together as the sword’s power was washed away. “Thank goodness.” Blake sighed as the child slept in his own sweat.
“Blake, order all those fully bound to the sword to come outside and give the treatment to them first, especially those who are blackened. They need it first. Worst first.”
Blake agreed completely though thoughts to end the screams seemed more ideal. The Naga had full command over them and ordered all return and gather outside. The slaves instantly and mindlessly obeyed.
Ethan looked at the Mallatiatherium Sword closely. It was more like a long dagger really, but made of obsidian, strong volcanic glass. It was just fourteen inches long from a simple wooden guard, but it’s creation made it razor sharp. It was two inches wide, but not too straight as metal would be. It seemed to suck light from it as it didn’t have any sheen. The hollow grip was made of wood as well with the removed pommel.
Magnus though entered and made sure the Siren wouldn’t rise again with a lone blow from his club that splattered the charred skull like a watermelon.
Gore splattered everywhere.
In two minutes all the victims stood outside where there was more room. Over seventy stood like statues, awaiting an order. It was a grotesque sight and a sad one. “Open your mouths.” Blake said as he was flanked just in the event of an attack. They silently obeyed and Blake first went to the darkest one first. One drop later he stepped back. The victim didn’t blink or show any change. After a minute of nothing sorrowful reptilian eyes met grey. “The legend of the sword is true. It is too late for this one. The change is complete. It takes a full day for this to happen. If you want I will…”
“No,” Ethan said quietly. “I’ll take responsibility and end its torment mercifully. They will feel nothing. Do what you can though and keep trying to heal them.” Blake nodded, feeling pride grow even further for his former pupil. The Naga went to the next one, used a drop, but this one instantly collapsed without sound. It went deathly still, but the features were already returning to natural. Three fingers separated slowly into five, muscles shrunk and the thing returned into a young woman in roughly one minute.
Ethan targeted the brain of those who were too far gone and heated the mind beyond recovery. It collapsed without pain or sound. Did you have a family? He asked sadly when it was clear a soul wouldn’t rise from the corpses. It was a demon and demons didn’t have a soul. This fate wasn’t right, but it’s over now.
Floa patted Ethan’s cheek. “It never gets easier no matter how old you get. It does help to think they aren’t in pain anymore.”
“I know, but it makes me mad their soul was destroyed.” He replied and killed two more that were beyond hope. None said anything to that.

Storm-shadow landed as Nell and Kira came in with pensive expressions at what they saw with their own eyes up close. Ethan had to kill sixteen grotesquely transformed people who were beyond all hope of recovery, but Blake saved all others. They gathered together after he capped the deadly sword and looked to the squad leader. “Floa, please send Blake home so the sword can be secured and returned safely to Spirit World where it can never be used again. And Blake, make sure this place is secured and the survivors sent home when you tell the Cleaners what they’ll be in for. The rest of us will try and locate the mirror meanwhile. We won’t do anything without you.”
The Naga smiled as he held the wrapped sword close. “I now see why you were granted a position as a squad leader. You take well to lead others.”
“Only because I can trust all of you.” He admitted bashfully. “Four months ago I wouldn’t have been good at much of anything.”
“I will return as soon as I can. Floa?” The Pixie obliged and clapped, sending him back to the castle to return the dangerous sword.
“Kira, it’s up to you now… Wait, what happened?” Ethan stopped cold as he noticed her expression go stunned. He scanned for threats, as did the others who instantly spun while drawling weapons.
“The Kitsune…” Kira said slowly as she was too focused on what she felt to notice the others. “It has made many more illusions… I now feel more than two hundred areas it could be… and it’s made another just now, but none seem to be moving. Another Crescent Mirror just seemed to pop up.” Her inner reflection made way to outer as weapons were put away. “While we were so focused it made more. Our problems just doubled. I doubt it’s done making our task harder.”
“We need to hurry!” Ellen stomped her front left hoof on the concrete. “If the Kitsune can create new places without moving then we need to narrow down its likely hideouts before every place in Venice makes it’s impossible to locate. Two hundred is already difficult to search thoroughly and we have until tomorrow night to locate the mirror before it’s fully active to grant a perfect wish at full power.”
“I’ll stay and watch over these people till the Cleaners arrive to sort everything out.” Magnus said as he removed his black helmet. “Kira, it’s up to you to mark every location and disregard any new points.”
“But what if the Kitsune is working with an Elf? If it just pops up it would seem like it was another trick. It would be like it didn’t move when in fact it did.” Nell spoke up while fingering one of the knives hanging from her hip. “Without more knowledge on the Kitsune’s plan we cannot disregard any new additions, but we must be swift. Love, take care here and when Blake returns you can catch up.” He nodded quickly.
“Can any of you hotwire a private plane?” Ethan suddenly asked.
“I can and I am an experienced pilot.” Magnus said. Then it dawned on him what Ethan was getting to. “Great idea! But we won’t need to steal one. Everyone stay here, but Floa I need your assistance for a few minutes.” Plans changed.
The Pixie launched herself off Ethan’s shoulder and said “What do you need?”
Magnus placed the helmet back over his head to say “We need to return to the First House. I’ll tell you more when we arrive.”
A quick clap from her tiny hands and they vanished.
Ethan swung himself back into the saddle to say “We’ll recon the area and make sure there are no more surprises.” Storm-shadow agreed and galloped away till he found an area where he could fully extend his wings and take off.
Two minutes later Magnus and Floa reappeared on a nearby empty street, the same one where the borrowed truck was parked, and brought along a small, two person ultralight plane. A large kite of white cloth acted as wings was securely held above a lone propeller operated by a stick and petals and powered by a hydrogen fuel-cell. He sat in the operator’s seat while the propeller slowly spun and idled loudly. Over the team’s communication link he said “Kira, come out and join me. We’ll fly the city and mark positions.”
“Coming!” The Witch said as she jogged down the alley, found the armored Ogre in the plane and didn’t hesitate to jump in and buckle up. “Good timing, Magnus. Three more have popped up. This is a great idea. We can target every place much faster this way.”
Magnus hit the accelerator till the propellers became less than a blur and hummed the entire plane. It moved steadily faster till it picked up enough speed for lift. Wind grew stronger in their face till Kira cast a spell to block most of the cooler winds. They took off and soon flew over treetops and spotted Storm-shadow and Ethan circling the area. When the Pegasai came over Floa crossed the gap and took her place back on Ethan’s shoulder. “Good luck!” the squad leader told them as they swept the city.
Another pair of minutes passed till Blake reappeared with Order’s Cleaners, a group who’s duty is returning people safely to their families, erasing memories, planting false ones, cleaning all traces of demonic involvement and burying those who died or have them seem to have been killed in a plausible way. Blake moved over to Nell and Ellen to give the Cleaners room to do their task while saying for the whole team’s benefit “I’ve returned. An Enforcer was standing by at the First House and has taken the Mallatiatherium Sword into his possession and is returning to Spirit World as we speak and all we can hope is it never sees the light of day again. What have I missed?” He was quickly informed. “What now?”
“Rest.” Ethan said. “Kira is marking every location with Magnus from an aerial point. You guys have more experience with Kitsune so it’ll be up to you for where it could be likely hiding and where we should start looking first. This is going to be more difficult than expected.”
Kira pointed over the railing towards another large building and targeted it with her headset, adding another reference point where she sensed the powerful mystical object. Two buildings down was another point, then a hospital. A mile south was a school, cathedral and vehicle repair shop.
Ellen crossed her arms to say “I cannot see any patterns of where to even begin. We’ll need more aid to hit each place simultaneously. This is too much for a squad of eight to handle.” She watched further from her eyepiece as Magnus began crossing a river and followed Kira’s direction. “This Kitsune is too tricky and likely has laid deadly traps to give itself enough time to use the mirror.”
“You may be right.” Blake agreed. “A nine tailed Kitsune is too dangerous to blindly search for. Even the highest classes of demons pause against a Kitsune. Worse yet is we’ve not seen any altered plants that would protect it. It is hiding within the city too well. If only we knew what it wanted.”
“Blake, what would a Kitsune wish for?” Ethan asked as Storm-shadow followed Kira and Magnus from higher in the sky, keeping a close watch on them.
“I don’t understand.” The Naga was being truthful.
“Well…” Ethan scratched his bearded chin. “I’m confused. If this Kitsune is as deadly as I have no doubt you’d underestimate, why would it want a wish from the mirror? With its power it can have whatever it desires or could steal it. It obviously isn’t after souls as it would be easy for something so powerful. So I asked myself, what would a Kitsune want that could be wished for? As a demon, its immortal, it could make all the money in the world or steal it. That’s why I’m so confused as to why it would break into Spirit World, steal the Crescent Mirror specifically, create hundreds of distractions and do all this.”
“Point taken.” Blake leaned against a wall and rubbed his jaw’s smooth scales. “I now see your conundrum. Quite the puzzle you proposed. It has plenty of power to cause mass destruction and doesn’t need money or fame… it must want something money cannot buy and beyond the power it doesn’t have or even others. Something only the mirror’s wish can do…” The Naga shook his head. “I see your confusion, Ethan. It was overlooked by everyone… With your permission I’ll begin to make a list of the buildings which will least likely house the fox and look for areas that not even a demon can use.”
“Go right ahead.” Came the authorization in the earpiece.
“Nell, Ellen, I’ll need your help on this.” Blake said.
“Then let us leave the area for privacy.” Nell said and grimaced as two female Ogres wrapped one of the seventeen dead humans in a burial white cloth. “We can’t be distracted or distract the Cleaners.”
“We can use the trailer to isolate ourselves and focus.” Ellen said and led the way back to the parked semi.

Kira and Magnus spent the remainder of the day and half the night flying all over Venice, cataloging every place the mirror was felt to be and it totaled three hundred and seventeen before no more sprang up. Ethan had to call it a day and gathered everyone back to where Ellen, Blake and Nell stayed. Once together Floa sent everyone home. Ethan dismounted and said “We’re all tired and in need of sleep. I’ll go speak to Odin about the situation and what we’ve come up with. We’re not ready to fight in our current condition.” At that, half of them yawned. “See if Cook will whip something up for you guys too. We’ll meet up for breakfast.”
“Good night.” Floa yawned again. Then she clapped and disappeared to go get Blossom.
Ethan moved quickly through the castle and only Princess Chillie sat at the main dining table the leaders sat at. She waved at Ethan who returned the gesture with a smile before taking the elevators to the top floor where the Ogre secretary still sat, typing on her computer, but by the sounds the speakers made, told she was playing a game. The ever bikini clad Ogress smiled pleasantly and asked “What may I do for you?”
“I need to speak directly to Odin or if he isn’t available, Tattoo.”
“Is this a serious matter?”
“Most definitely.” She could hear the truth in Ethan’s words, even if he hadn’t said anything, his expression told it all.
“Tattoo is out currently on a hunt for harpy, but Odin is in the tribunal room with Queen Gra. I will send a message to them. Just wait here in the lounge till I get a reply. You look in need of refreshments. There is a snack bar through the door behind me.”
“Thanks.” Ethan walked around and through the door. A large kitchenette, fridge, microwave and oven was in the room. He found a large turkey sandwich, a single serving bag of nacho chips and a large glass of ice water and began chowing down as he returned to the lounge beside the Ogress.
He finished the sandwich and was about to open the bag when the secretary’s computer beeped and she said “Lord Odin will see you now.”
Ethan was soon opening the tribunal door and spotted the one eyed warrior smiling over a small stack of papers while the Amazon queen lounged in her chair with her boots crossed atop the table. “Welcome, Lad!” Odin called out. “Good work on retrieving the Mallatiatherium Sword. How goes it with the mirror?”
“Not good I’m afraid.” Ethan came straight up to the desk. “Mind if I borrow your computer?”
Odin simply spun the computer in front of him around. Ethan took off his headset with a sigh, feeling relief on his ear and said “Download layout targets of Venice, subject title: Mirror locations via list created by Blake.” And the headset began download to the nearest computer wirelessly, Odin’s. In a second it transferred the data and Ethan spun the computer back around to say “Odin, I don’t know what team has priority, but…”
“Lad,” A firm blue eye fixed on Ethan. “this theft from Spirit World is of the highest priority. By these numbers I’m assuming you’re requesting this case bumped to legion mobilization?” Ethan nodded. “The demon sword has been returned, but if you need aid, I’ll make sure you get it. Just tell me what you require.”
“Well, I need lots of help. And with so many targets, this is all S Class material. This Kitsune has made three hundred and seventeen possible places a target. Blake, Nell and Ellen worked hard to stockpile this list from the most likely places to the least. We’ll need to hit all of them simultaneously. Just so you know, Blake and I tried to see the least likely target of where Kira pointed us and we were bound in vines that cocooned us instantly. If not for my fire burning us out, we would still be wrapped. We checked the home thoroughly and was set with traps at each entrance, even windows. It can be assumed every building on this list will be likewise rigged, if not more so. What Blake and I did learn was the vines weren’t lethal. This Kitsune could have rigged it with more deadly plants.”
Gra stood and looked at the computer screen. “This mirror must be collected before it’s used. If we need to coordinate a simultaneous attack on three hundred and sixteen places, not including the one you tested, we will need to ask other Houses for aid, especially the Druids who can also manipulate plant life. A nine tailed Kitsune will require our best warriors. This information will go a long ways.” Gra’s hazel eyes turned to Ethan. “How would you propose it be done?”
“My team believes it should happen around noon-ish. The Kitsune is obviously in hiding and won’t show itself till the full moon rises. If we act too early it’ll just disappear and next time it’ll do something else.”
“Smart plan.” Odin nodded thoughtfully. “I’ll contact the other House heads for A and S Class warrior reinforcement and inform them of this. The mirror must be reclaimed in all haste. For you to be here means it wasn’t used tonight correct?” Ethan nodded. “Alright, Lad, after breakfast I want you and your team to visit the table I and the other leaders occupy. We’ll let you know the outcome. Be sure to download the entire mission when you get home and get plenty of rest. My bones are telling me it will be a difficult day and the Kitsune won’t be happy.”
“I had to bring this to your attention. Well now I’m going to get some rest. Till tomorrow.”
“Rest well, Lad.” Odin said.
Outside the large double doors awaited a most welcome surprise. Kanade leaned against the wall with a warm smile that washed his weariness away. Her magnificent wings shook slightly as she pushed herself off the wall and walked over with a ‘click click’ from her high heels on marble. A smile spread as he heard her delicate twang “Welcome home. I’m glad to see you safe. Floa just picked up Blossom. How did the hunt go?” His expression dropped at recent memories and she didn’t miss it. The doors shut behind him and she lifted his chin. “What happened, Darlin’?”
“Can we walk home? I could use it.”
“Of course.” Then she bent down and took her stilettos off. “Now I won’t break an ankle when we reach the dirt trail.” Kanade held the straps in one hand and claimed his with her free one. They moved together, Ethan lost in thought and Kanade worried of her mate’s inner turmoil she could feel. Going down the elevators she asked “Ethan, do you mind if I see your memories?”
“They’re not pretty? Have you ever seen what the sword does to a person?” She shook her head. “Well the worst part is I had to kill sixteen people because of it and I’m sick to my stomach. If you wish to see my memories, better make sure your stomach is empty first.” He warned.
“I haven’t eaten since lunch.” She promised and pushed her power deep into her mate’s mind and the first thought she heard of his was “I’m so glad I have Kanade. She makes me feel better by just standing there. She’s my feel good drug.” She would have smiled if not for how sad his thoughts were. But then she dove deeper into his mind and gasped as she relived every moment since he left before the elevator chimed. Then she pulled out.
They walked through the Ogre’s hall without saying a word. When they reached outside she stopped them and enfolded him in a hug and cried on his head. “Those poor people. Oh, Ethan, I feel as you do. Sixteen innocents lost their soul.” She felt his arms wrap around her back and caress her wings. “That is such a sad fate to have been taken.”
“What’s done is done. Let’s go home and get some sleep.”
‘Row?’ they heard suddenly and pulled apart.
“What was that?” Kanade asked as she looked around. Ethan ignited a fist as there came a mewling sound and a purr. Kanade then jumped with a yelp, flapping her wings. She looked down and saw something small shoot into the darkness. “Somethin’ touched my leg!”
“Think it was a cat.” Ethan said and watched as Kanade landed on the balls of her feet and folded her wings.
Ever so slowly they heard a ‘Meow’ and out from the darkness came a small pair of glowing sky blue eyes. Kanade knelt slowly and said on a soft, quiet, warm voice “Don’t be afraid, Kitty. You just scared me. Come on.” Ethan held still and was curious despite the fact he felt so sad over the ones who died recently and Kanade’s change from crying to coaxing. What he loved most was her hip hugging pants didn’t cover a lacy black thong that took his mind off everything for a moment. He knew what he wanted to do to forget the past few hours and knew she was always willing to oblige since her sex drive was equal, if not more, than his. “Come on.” She coaxed again and his attention returned, but he saw a minor shudder in her wings that happens only when she too was aroused.
Out from the shadows appeared a full sized black cat, sleek like a miniature panther and soft of fur. Ethan then noticed Kanade’s finger in the sand drawling absently the runes for Peace, Calmness and Acceptance and sent the spells to the black cat in a subtle way. Its ears twitched before it sat down and scratched with its paws absently. “What are you doing?” he whispered.
“Showin’ we’re friends.” She replied and held out her hands. “Awe, you poor critter! I see your ribs. If you come closer I’ll feed you.” This almost made Ethan laugh for the sound of food made the cat stop and purr in pleasure. It got up and warily padded closer with dilated, yellow eyes. When it came within reach Kanade didn’t immediately pick it up as she was tempted. She pat the feline slowly, whispering soft words of encouragement. When it got used to her she gently scooped it up and it went ‘ReeR’ in surprise, but didn’t attack. Kanade stood and held the cat to her chest with a bright smile. “Ethan, can we keep him? He’s too tame to be feral.”
“Wait, what?!” He was understandably surprised. “You want a pet? He isn’t ours? He must belong to someone. You know as well as I that the entire area is surrounded by the wall and nothing can just sneak in without the patrol finding it. Kanade, he… it is a he right?”
“The equipment is clearly male.” She giggled after checking. “Awe, please! Look, he’s hungry and hasn’t been fed in awhile. I always wanted a pet.” His expression wasn’t so sure, but knew full well that she adored cute things and the black cat wasn’t homely in the slightest. “Can we keep him if I cannot find his owner? He doesn’t have a collar so it might take me awhile.”
Those golden eyes of hers was his undoing. “Fine, but be careful Celestia doesn’t see him. She eats small animals once a day.”
Kanade squealed like a little girl and held the cat out to look at it staring back at her with discontent the way only a cat could. “I’ll call you Panther!” she decided. “You look like a panther.”
“You plucked that from my head, didn’t you?”
She nodded quickly with a mischievous smile. “That… and the images of what you want to do to me when we get home. Can’t help it. Your imagination gives me shivers of delight… Since you said yes to Panther, you can have you way.” One blue eyebrow arched. “Interesting, I want to try that one first, but after we all eat.”
“Deal.” Ethan laughed and came closer. “I’m so sorry, Panther. Looks like Kanade has an eye for you.” He went to pet it as she pulled him to her breast lovingly. The Panther swiped a paw with claws extended and four long scratches tore into Ethan’s skin. “OW!” he jerked his hand back instinctively. Already blood started flowing from the four lines, but it wasn’t too deep and stung. “Well this is why men like dogs.” He glared at the cat as its whiskers twitched.
“Don’t be mad at Panther.” Kanade defended her new pet. “Perhaps he just doesn’t like men or has had bad experiences. He didn’t hiss when he scratched you. I think he was playin’. He is still a kitten by how soft his fur is. An old cat would feel coarse. He feels softer than silk.” She looked down and said “Panther, be nice to Daddy. Ethan, try again. I think he’ll be nice this time.”
“If he scratches me once more I’ll make sure he doesn’t do it again.” Slowly he reached and this time Panther’s hands were soft and clawless as he played and nuzzled affectionately. Panther secretively licked a drop of blood with his rough tongue. Somewhere deep inside, Ethan felt suddenly aware that Panther would never harm him again. Then the feeling vanished and he felt the purr increase.
“Isn’t that better?” Kanade crooned. “His motor is so strong his whole body vibrates. He purrs almost like you do in bed Ethan.”
“So long as he doesn’t replace me I’ll be fine, but I need to clean the wounds. A scratch could get infected easily. And we need to make sure he doesn’t belong to anyone before you get your hopes up.” Ethan had to be realistic.
“Alright, but he’d never replace you. You know that.” She bumped Ethan with a hip teasingly as he picked up her shoes.
It wasn’t too long till they returned home and he downloaded the entire recording of the mission. Celestia was still working relentlessly at the forge, but knew he wouldn’t be available for awhile. Kanade didn’t let Panther go and he seemed content in her embrace, purring a never ending vibration as she stroked his chest and belly. Inside, Ethan went to the bathroom and took off his leather jacket before scraping off the already forming scabs from the scratch, hopping in the shower and washing the stinging wounds out and applying a thin coat of ointment to the site.
By the time he came out wearing only a towel and a bandage to the top of his hand he found Kanade on the sofa with Panther greedily drinking from a saucer of milk and had already munched on a strip of liver. On the coffee table was a large covered plate of food she had also taken out of the microwave.
Panther didn’t regard Ethan as he sat down and ate with Kanade, also sharing the bag of chips she partook of. “He really was hungry.”
“Told you!” Kanade tickled Ethan’s bare ribs and took a bite of a hotdog with just ketchup and mustard. “Isn’t he cute?”
“Men don’t say ‘cute’ and to refer to any male as cute is an insult.” He joked.
“Oh? You’re my cute teddy. Is that an insult?”
“You bet it is?” He grinned.
“And how do you plan on punishing me?” She challenged.
“Like this!” He jumped up and threw her over his shoulder. She squealed and was thrown onto the bed. She stopped moving as he threw her a heated look, her wings splayed like her hair as she looked into his hungry eyes and heard him growl so deep it could be felt, a sound made from deep in his chest rather than his throat. It sent her nerves afire as he threw the towel that covered him to the safety area and burst into flames as his desire for her always did when he got excited. Much of his flesh vanished beneath bright yellow fire till getting up close. Kanade reacted to his need with her own as she jerked her pants and underwear off, but in her haste with inhuman strength she ripped her backless long sleeves to shreds along with her bra. Another set ruined. She thought absently, but she managed to save her lower garments a split second before he drove to the hilt and took her to ecstasy over and over again till her own name was forgotten.

Morning arrived and Ethan’s biological clock shed blissful sleep, but he was surprised to find his true love laying atop him. Her full breasts rubbed with each deep breath as her hair lay wild over his neck. His manhood reacted as fire sprung to life with vigor and the sensation of rigidness and the swirling fire inside her love channel awoke Kanade and she nuzzled his neck and crooned happily. The gold choker around her neck was warm against his jaw as she rubbed him the way she knew he loved it, making sure her scent was tantalizing his senses. Lazily she said “Mornin’.” And as she woke and felt they were still connected her eyes fully widened. “What a way to wake me, My Angel. Let me take care of that.” Even in the darkness where the fireplace was little more than embers she began to move, taking control of his need with her own till they shuddered and cried out together. Her hips were majestic in how they lifted and dropped with force of animalistic love and power. His roar erupted as she clenched tight and felt his hot seed fill her and gift her womb with his love only she had claim over. She collapsed with shivers and laughing while she rolled off to pant and fan her flushed face. “I will never tire of these feelings!” They remained joined since his cock couldn’t leave during her lock-down.
“Nor will I. Are you in pain? Sleeping like that must be sore.”
“Not as much as you’d think.” Kanade hugged him close. “If we weren’t so important I do not think we would ever leave the bed. I still cannot believe how wondrous it is to find my true mate. Ethan, no other woman can feel as you make me.”
“Kind of biased. Still I feel the luckiest man alive.”
“And don’t you forget it.” Then a sudden thought filtered into her thinking. “Panther!” Kanade’s vagina loosened enough to release its hold, jumped from bed and made way to the light switch to turn it on. “Oh please no. I forgot how dangerous our lovemakin’ is for others.” Ethan was also up and looking. There was a tiny sound and they hurried over to find the black feline contently curled up on the sofa. Kanade sighed a great heave of relief and sat down on the cool leather and pat him. “Panther, I forgot all about you. You were lucky that my sofa is protected from Ethan’s fire. I was afraid our lovemakin’ had killed you.” Panther just purred at her touch and the sound became louder as she scratched behind an ear. “One lucky puss.”
“Sure is.” Ethan scratched Panther behind the ear. “Kanade, we should shower and get ready.”
“Shower like usual?” She arched a hopeful eyebrow.
“I’m already ready.” And the stiffness in front of her face had her licking her lips.
Her eyes wandered up his manly chest till she saw he wasn’t lying even slightly and jumped from the leather seat. Her slick and bare backside made a sticking sound only genuine leather does as she exited and ran straight to the shower and barely got it started till he was already there and ravishing her from behind. She soared to heights not even her wings could take her.
They soon exited flushed and wore content, lazy smiles as they dressed. Ethan wore more light leather armor like yesterday since it was the deadline to take back the mirror. Kanade dressed in stunning silver pants and long sleeves while this time choosing to wear heeled boots that hugged all the way to her knee and were custom made for few women were eight feet tall to begin with. Ethan also added another light application to his scratched hand, but no infection had set in.
As he sat to strap on his boots and tie the laces Panther surprised him. Kanade laughed as the soft black cat agilely leapt on his shoulder and curled around the back of his neck and purred loudly while rubbing his furry head affectionately against his beard. Kanade giggled “Seems you have a new accessory.”
“Great.” Ethan gave a scratch that the cat enjoyed. “Panther, you’re incorrigible, but a cat does what he wants… and I don’t get a say I suppose anymore do I?”
“Nope!” His angel added and stroked the feline draped like a scarf over her mate’s neck. “He’s a lover for sure. Aren’t you, Panther?” she cooed lovingly.
Panther purred to her ministrations.
“We have twenty minutes to kill. Want to play Halo?” Kanade proposed mischievously. “I’ll kick your ass again.”
“Sounds good.” Panther was content to lounge as his new master got up, grabbed the controllers and played for a few minutes.

“KITTY!!!” Blossom gushed when she saw her Aunt Kanna remove the feline from around her slender, glittery  neck. The young Pixie ran across the table and barely contained her overexcitement as she stroked him. “Soft.” The toddler said in delight.
“His name is Panther.” Kanade said. “Hey Y’all. Be calm, Blossom. You’ll scare him. Oh, Nell, you can let Vina pet him too. He’s surprisingly mild tempered.”
“Okay!” the mother Nymph smiled as she brought her young seedling over to the newest member of the table and Vina eagerly squealed delightedly as Panther pawed the baby Nymph without claws.
“Adorable!” Reevy sighed as she placed her chin on her scaly hands. “Where did he come from, Kanade?”
The Enchantress shrugged. “Just showed up last night out of nowhere. I promised Ethan I’d look for his owner, but I hope he doesn’t have one.”
“Why haven’t you used…” Kira went silent as Kanade glared.
But it was too late for Ethan saw the exchange. “Used what? Wait, Kanade you could have used magic to find his owner couldn’t you?”
The winged woman deflated as she met his gaze. “Yes.”
“Isn’t it inconsiderate to make his owner worry. Angel, you need to do what’s right.” He laid a hand over hers. “Come on.”
“Fine!” she said in disappointment as her finger began to brightly glow with power and trace practiced lines in the air for a moment before laying her other hand on Panther’s back. A soft blue orb no larger than a marble appeared in her palm and drifted directly above Ethan’s head and held position.
“Uh, does this mean…” He started.
Kira finished. “Panther believes you are his master. The magic leads the target to his master or one to whom he belongs to most. He is yours now, Boyo. Either his owner died or has shunned him. The spell was done perfectly.”
Kanade brightened considerably and picked up the feline and said “Yea! I can keep you!” she heard a groan and stuck her tongue childishly at Ethan.
“I take it you’re not a cat fan?” Storm-shadow grinned with perfect teeth only a horse has.
“Doesn’t bother me all that much. I grew up with a few dogs and cats, but I groaned because I’ll have to tell Celestia that Panther is our new pet and not dinner. She is still a bird of prey.” The table erupted in laughter for they could all imagine how that conversation will go. Ethan would have his work cut out for him.
A nearby TV flashed on the wall and the hall quieted as what happens many mornings before Cook shows up to make breakfast. This time the screen flashed red and shifted in many languages when it got to English it read ‘Priority Alert’ and the hall silenced to an almost deathly murmur. When the red words faded it shifted to a visual of Odin with all the leaders of the castle. The All Father was impressive as ever and made even Ogres feel small, fitting for he and Pegasus were a perfect match. “Listen up!” the Viking’s voice carried through the speakers. “We have a priority mission direct from Spirit World. Yesterday the Mallatiatherium Sword was recovered by the newest squad leader, none other than Ethan Volorum our Fire Elemental and his team. Seventeen lives and souls were lost, but eighty nine were saved. Unfortunately the Crescent Mirror will be more difficult to recover. Those who don’t already know, listen carefully. A nine tailed Kitsune is in possession of the celestial artifact and tonight it will be used. This will be a priority mission.” Odin let murmurs spread for a few moments till his powerful voice reclaimed the room. “All squad leaders B and up of this House will be briefed and sent to retrieve the mirror at all costs before a wish can be made. We won’t be going alone. The Fifth House will be partnering with us to strike three hundred and sixteen locations simultaneously. The leader of this mission will be my eldest son.”
Odin stepped aside as Thor came out from behind the massive throne of his father. The half Naga stood in full leather armor covered with runes much like What Ethan wore. Thor’s voice was deep and as powerful as his father, with a minor hiss as his tongue had a mild fork from his mother, but not as prominent as a pure Naga. Thor was a unique being, the only one of his kind. Other Naga/human couplings have either offspring, but Thor was the only mixed one in existence. “My House’s finest squads will arrive here in three hours. I’ll need to have a conference with all squad leaders after the morning meal. All battle Wizards and Witches will be needed in this endeavor. A Kitsune is too powerful to take lightly. We will succeed and end this threat as surely as if we faced a full war. All it will take is one wish and all of Order could be destroyed. That is how powerful this item is. And once we get it back, don’t wish for anything. It must be returned to Spirit World immediately. Once we have it and the threat eliminated an Enforcer will return it. All warriors assigned to a squad will be needed. Eat and be ready. We will leave at noon, not a second later.” Thor’s elliptical blue eyes shifted. “I will return soon, Father.”
Odin nodded before Thor suddenly vanished as Chillie clapped her hands. “That is all. The rest of us must make ready for the aftermath and hope the worst doesn’t happen.” The screen turned black and shifted to a news station somewhere in China.
Eyes turned to Ethan who said “Glad I’m not leading everyone, but Odin will want our whole team. Thor will likely have us fully explain the situation since it was our mission. Blake, can I ask, if it comes to that, you to speak for us? I’ll mess it up.”
Blake nodded. “Don’t be so hard on yourself. I’ll do it though since you asked.”
Cook popped up in her usual green manner and made a gut stuffing meal as tasty as ever, even making Panther a strip of grilled fish and a bowl of milk the cat eagerly partook of. Few words at the table were exchanged, but Ethan and the rest felt eyes from other tables fall on them. The one cheerful comment came from Reevy who hugged her mate and said “Finally we can have a hunt together. Maybe our squads can coordinate to be near?”
Ellen pat her old reptilian friend on the back before saying “I’m finished. Looks like the rest of us are to. I say we get going.”
“Seconded.” Storm-shadow spoke.
“Alright alright.” Ethan stood, grabbed his empty plate and drinks of his and his equestrian companion. He bent over and kissed Kanade’s cheek. “I’ll likely be busy and won’t be home till late.” The Enchantress hummed pleasantly.
She scooped up Panther who lay in her lap. “As will I. Our new little friend here will need a few things at home. I never had a pet before for myself and he won’t be neglected ever again. Just come home safely… all of ya.” She added to the rest of the table.
“Thanks, Girlfriend.” Floa returned. “Mind your auntie, Blossom. You were a good girl yesterday. Be good today too.”
“Love Yooou, Mama!” The child Pixie shrunk in an instant and fluttered to give her mother a kiss on the cheek.
“Oh, this will be quicker.” Floa suddenly said to her teammates. “Pile all the dirty dishes together.” They did so and she clapped to instantly send them to the washing area.
“And just why haven’t you told us you can do that? You could have saved so much time.” Ethan teased. “It’s good having you around, Floa. You get thing done in a snap.” The raven haired pixie grinned with a full set of pointed teeth and shook her head while rolling her eyes. “I’ve never asked, but do you get tired transporting things and opening gateways?”
“Not really.” Floa shrugged and walked around the table, taking hold of Blossom and putting her down on Kanade’s collarbone for safety. Panther looked closely and tried to playfully paw at the shrunken child till Kanade acted more quickly than the mother. Floa sighed. At the size Blossom took, she would be a light snack for the cat. Nell passed Vina to her nearby sister and hurried back. Returning to the topic while she walked with the group down the hall she said “What I do is actually called Translocation.” She emphasized. “I can move things around all day, open gateways to different realms and worlds. I’ll get winded if I must Translocate huge numbers of more than three thousand humanoids like yourself all at once. Six to seven thousand will make me pass out. Souls I can do all day long since they have no physical matter. Thankfully there are thousands of my kind here so even if there is a mass transfer I won’t be burdened with doing it alone. Still, I love this ability and desire no other.”
“It is clearly more dangerous than mine.” Ethan said and she agreed wholeheartedly. He knew if she wanted to, she could send her enemies to the bottom of the ocean or the heart of a volcano. Or forever lost in the vacuum of space.
Seeing their team gathered and moving as a unit, other squad leaders who were done quickly finished and hurried to follow. One squad leader, a large, four foot tall and long limbed Gargoyle landed beside Ethan and asked “Fire-thrower, I’m Braxas. Good work on retrieving the sword. I was once cut by it long ago and saved. Believe me when I say that what you and this team did saved many from endless torture.”
“How is it you were cut?” Ethan asked. “Your skin is…”
“Tough as stone?” Braxas nodded. “It is, but the demon blade is sharper than most understand. It nicked my ear and my teammate” the doglike ear in question twitched. “managed to wrestle the blade and give me the treatment before it was reclaimed by Chaos’ minions.”
“So how did you see our mission?”
“Magnus was kind enough to send me a link of his recording. Not everyone has gotten to see what went down.” Magnus wasn’t paying attention to anyone but Nell as she chatted away while stroking his arm with the tips of her fingers.
First it was a half dozen, then a dozen squad leaders followed Ethan and his team. Then two, three and four quickly surrounded or followed towards the heart of the castle. Ethan felt mildly claustrophobic being surrounded by everyone who had centuries more experience. Out of all the squad leaders he could see only three others were human and didn’t belong to the caster category. Less than nine percent in all of Earth’s Order were special humans. Ethan knew the three had a special ability. One could manipulate shadows into an endless arsenal of weapons, one could walk through any physical object and the last could make you see an illusion so lifelike you couldn’t tell the difference.
The leaders of the castle stood when the large group approached and in the half hour spent eating, Thor had returned and stood beside his companion. Ethan had to blink and shake his head, but Storm-shadow said “You are not mistaken. Have you forgotten already? That is my younger twin brother Shadow-storm.”
“Sorry. I did.” Ethan admitted as he looked at Thor’s mount, the identical twin of his own. “You’ll forgive me if I can’t remember all of your seven thousand and some odd siblings.”
“Brother!” Shadow-storm whinnied when the sibling found the other and butted heads like a ram. “About time you found a companion!” The teams’ approached and most of the other squad leaders dispersed to wait for orders on what to do next.
“So how is your reign as king of Fifth House? Any new foals you sired?” Storm-shadow asked his twin when they lightly butted heads in camaraderie again.
“Not recently, Brother. You?”
“Star-bolt and I have decided we sired enough for now.” And smiled.
“Ho, Ethan!”
His head turned as the powerful Thor approached and gripped his shoulder. “Good to see you again, Thor. I didn’t get a chance last time, but you sure surprised me by growing over a hundred feet tall. I almost wet myself.”
The half Naga old Norse god of thunder and lightning grinned. “Well met! Glad I made such an impression, Lad. I almost wet myself from laughing when Father spoke to me last night and I watch your skirmish with the Siren. Fish fry! I loved it. I look forward to fighting at your side.”
“Never in my life would I have guessed I’d one day hear those words from Thor. By the way, the Avengers movie and graphic novels do you no justice other than breaking glass and yelling ‘Another!’ when you want more beer.” The hammer wielding man laughed and slapped Ethan’s back much like Odin does.
Thinking of that Viking almost made him magically appear near them with Gungnir the barbed spear to say “Lads, We are prepared to enter the tribunal hall to discuss the plan.”
“My best squad leaders will be arriving soon as well while their teams prepare to come here for the battle.” Thor said, mostly for the benefit of the others rather than his father.
The large elevators were packed as they went up, taking more than one trip for most, but in less than a half hour the tribunal room was packed with over three hundred battle hardened warriors. Most wore Tattoo’s headset since it was an invaluable tool with many advantages. Thor got the ball rolling and the room silenced, but it was Blake who was Ethan’s best friend as he directly gave a short and clear overview of the mission. Like his brutal training method, Blake gave a detailed, if shortened, report that got down to the point and all that was done yesterday. “And that is what we faced.” Blake ended and returned to his seat between Kira and Ethan.
Thor stood and returned to the heart of the room, his very presence was just as calm and commanding as his father. One hand rested on the foot long hilt of Mjolnir, the famous war hammer of legend. In the early morning light it glinted thanks to a smooth and polished off-golden hue. Either end of the hammer was squared and five inches by five inches with a flat top length of twelve. It was a perfect rectangular weapon of war and only Thor knew all its secrets. But one thing Ethan remembered was Mjolnir grew in size, much like its wielder. The famous being said “As it stands, we must act decisively before the Kitsune can react. For those who’ve never faced one with nine tails, listen up. I have fought two before and nearly died each time, but I killed just one. Make no mistake in its appearance. Mine and my father’s best advisors have decided where each of our teams will be located for the mission. At my command we will all simultaneously attack the predetermined locations brought by Ethan Volorum’s team. Whoever finds the Kitsune first must radio their position and wait for reinforcements or take it out if there is an opportunity. There doesn’t seem a pattern, but we’ll be spread out all over the city. Have your team’s Pixie near at all times so we can transfer and overwhelm our enemy before it’s too late. As it is, I will lead the quest, but should I and Shadow-storm fall you will take command from my second, Perrilian.” A giant of an Ogre stood in bright silver and gold armor. “And if we fail I’ll entrust you to figure out what to do on your own as squad leaders. That is all. Link your eyewear to learn your targeted area. Meet outside at noon and be ready.”
Ethan took out his headset, turned it on with the usual activation phrase ‘My dearest angel.’ and spoke “Download mission.” In seconds it was finished and blinked in confusion as hundreds of numbers appeared and heard Thor’s voice come through the ear piece like everyone else’s. “Link established. Get started.” Ethan looked over to see Thor had also hooked one over his scaly, humanlike ear. Then the hundreds of numbers shifted to a small corner and were filed away, leaving only the coordinates 45 27 13N, 12 27 14E.
Ellen handed her set to Floa who looked and nodded since she would be their transporter and she knew the exact location to take them.

Ethan, Magnus and Blake sat outside meditating for the past three hours while everyone prepared for the difficult scenario. Kira and the girls showed up ten minutes before noon with Storm-shadow bringing up the rear. The stallion said “Everyone is readying for departure.”
Filling much of the area were close to four thousand powerful warriors. Many squad leaders were already mounted on Pegesai if they couldn’t already fly. Despite the crowd, it wasn’t very loud. There was an expectance and hunger in the air Ethan couldn’t quite place. None showed an ounce of fear that he felt filling him. Still, he was able to mask it and watched Storm-shadow touch his ruby and the battle saddle appeared beneath the armor Ethan put on. The Elemental grabbed the horn and mounted, hooking his feet in the stirrups, tying the belt to the soft seat and hooking himself in properly. From the new vantage he saw the crowd also finalizing themselves and over by the moat was Jormungandr’s head sticking out and talking with his best friend Thor.
Their group spoke quietly amongst themselves over the best tactics to implement should the worst occur. Floa was the most silent as she stuck close to Ethan, holding his hair like a rope while standing on his shoulder.
Over the radio in many ears came Thor’s voice as he walked away from the moat. Jormungandr settled back in the water. “Everyone is now present and accounted for.” The whole area silenced to listen. “Form up and prepare to ship out. You know your orders. Get to it!”
Nell, Ellen, Magnus, Blake and Kira all huddled closer to Storm-shadow and prepared themselves. Blake drew his katanas, Ellen her claymores, Nell her bow and arrow and Kira pulled out a potion and drank it, making her already flawless skin shine for a moment. She then began air-writing and over a dozen bluish needles of magic appeared around her wrists. She didn’t stop and then behind the needles were a half dozen blue orbs slightly larger than marbles and she stopped when she held a ball of blue fire in her left hand.
All around the area Wizards and the rare battle Witches prepared magic and weapons were drawn. Every weapon other than bows seemed to be enchanted as their wielders spoke the activation sequence and made them glow either blue or off white. It’s really that bad. He thought and controlled his rising trepidation by breathing slowly. We’re going into battle against a greater demon.
“GO!!!” Came Thor’s order.
Every Pixie teammate heard it and brought their hands together.
Floa Translocated her group to the nearest open space nearest the coordinates in Venice, Italy. They found themselves in a backyard and Kira instantly surrounded them in magic that would make them appear invisible to outsiders for a short time, just in the event the target attacked. Not a second after she finished and cast the runes Thor’s voice said “Transfer complete! Everyone is accounted. Best of luck to you all.”
Blake and Ellen sped east with Storm-shadow and Ethan following fast behind. The Witch and Nymph took rear point. They came upon Via Concordia, at the southwestern bend in the road and looked upon a large Grey building. Kira immediately said “Top floor, north wing!” as she felt the nearest location.
Their group crossed the street and Storm-shadow took to the air. The Elemental and Pegasus climbed till aiming for the roof. As soon as Storm-shadow’s hooves landed it triggered a trap.
Green vines as thick as rope shot from every conceivable crack in the roof and wrapped around Storm-shadow’s hooves like a whip. In an instant the vegetation grew, but before it had even a chance to bind them Ethan surrounded himself and his mount in fire that burned the ropes before they could do anything.
Down below, Blake charged through the front door while Ellen circled to the north and activated a set of spells in her shoes that allowed her to gallop over vertical surfaces so long as it could support her weight. More vines tried entangling her, sprouting from window seals, but her silver glowing swords hacked them away and didn’t slow her.
Through the front door Blake was a blur of motion as his curved weapons sliced effortlessly through the falling net of greenery.
All knew the traps were pitiful, but were triggered by Spirit Energy, not of the untapped human variety.
There was a nearby skylight in the shape of a pyramid and Storm-shadow approached it. Down below was a white form and just before he could say anything there was a shout “Target sighted. Islan…” “Found him! Northeast section of…” “Located at riverside home…” dozens reported finding the Kitsune with more claiming to see it by the moment. Thor took command of the communications. “Illusions! Kitsune trickery! Beware your eyes and only speak if it is real.”
Outside the northern window Ellen peeked inside, telling her team “Located, sitting in chair reading the paper.”
Blake and Kira were soon standing at the door when Ethan said “Take him out!” Blake kicked the door open and moved away as Kira blasted the light needles, blue fireball and orbs into the room. The demon didn’t budge while holding the mirror. The magic passed straight through it to spear the wall with needles before blowing the wall completely out with fire and explosive orbs and she said “Wrong place. It’s a trick.”
Over the radio it happened more and more. After three minutes Thor said “Relay all failures!”
Ethan said “Failed.” and all the numbers in his eyepiece began turning red. All but one after another minute passed.
Thor commanded “Squad number one oh seven, report.” Nothing came over the silent radio. “I repeat, squad number one hundred and seven, report!” Still nothing. Immediately Thor said “That is the place. Translocate to that spot!”
Floa clapped before all others at the command for her ninety fourth daughter was in that team and fear drove her to immediate action. But in her haste she forgot everyone other than Ethan and Storm-shadow.
Just as they shifted location to a parking lot of a large hospital they watched as a green sphere suddenly enclosed the area. It was a huge, translucent barrier and at the edge of it appeared almost in an instant that all teams appeared just outside it.
Thor felt the smooth barrier, like glass, gripped Mjolnir tightly and called a tempest of storms in seconds so great was the hammer’s magic that fed off his power. Bolts of lightning struck the upraised mighty weapon, charging it with immense power. Everyone ran away as the mythological god of storms began to grow to his giant form of over a hundred feet, the hammer growing in proportion. Then Thor gave a mighty war cry that was louder than lightning and brought Mjolnir over his head with a mighty blow that could level mountains. Lightning shot from the hammer’s collision with the green barrier, attacking seemingly everywhere at once.
It was so blindingly bright and loud that everyone was affected.
Those inside the hospital merely thought it was a late and powerful thunderstorm, not realizing what just happened.
Then to the astonishment of everyone, when they could see again, the barrier remained strong. Thor though saw someone had made it inside before the barrier was erected. His booming voice sounded muted, but Ethan heard “…o inside. Till we bring this down you’re our only hope. Hurry!”
The elemental shook his head to clear it after the power of that blast. “Do what I can!” the giant being could only nod. He then began issuing orders and every Caster began trying to crack the shield and every weapon hacked relentlessly.
“Elaine!” Floa shouted as she recovered.
She went to take off till a large hand enclosed around her. She struggled till she heard Ethan growl “No! There is no way you’re going off alone. If you haven’t already forgotten, our backup can’t get in. Right now we are alone. We need caution since you left the rest of our team behind.”
His hearing sharpened as Thor said “Don’t worry about them. I’ll send someone to pick them up.”
“He’s right.” Blake’s voice drifted calmly from the room they were left behind in. “Do what you have to. We’ll do what we can from outside… Wait, Ethan, look at the roof! I saw something from your camera.”
Ethan’s head jerked to the hospital’s roof as thick vines larger than ancient redwoods began growing and weaving together like some form of nest that encompassed the entire roof. Huge spikes began to jut from the seams like a giant rose. “Well, we know where he is now.” Ethan said over the dead silent radio. In less than a minute the entire roof was fortified and blocked from visual sight. Then a second green bubble surrounded it. “Three layers of protection. If Thor couldn’t break it I bet that smaller one is stronger if condensed.”
“Best I stay here.” Storm-shadow decided. “Ethan, you go inside. Human’s seem free to still go about their business.” He gestured with his snout as a car passed through the barrier as if it didn’t exist. “I will stay and if it tries escaping I’ll be waiting to attack in this confined space.”
“I don’t like it, but we have few choices.” Came the response. “I’ll end this as quickly as I can.”
Ethan dismounted while Floa flitted around in panic for her child. “Floa, stay close to me, preferably behind. Storm, keep an eye out for trouble. If I must I’ll jump out one of those windows. Stick to the east side. I’ll use it if Floa can’t get us out.” The stallion tossed his head in a nod.
No further words were needed as Ethan’s hands turned an angry red like his face, but he didn’t burst into flames since he didn’t need to harm anyone. He crossed the parking lot and followed a young family of four through automatic doors.
Sensing active Spirit Energy, a net of vines dropped from the ceiling, but were turned to ash before they could be used. Along the ground was more vines being swept by a janitor mumbling about strange trimmings. Floa stayed back as ordered. People inside merely fanned their face at the brief flash of heat, but didn’t see his fire. Acting casually he strolled up to the desk and asked “A friend of mine is staying at the top floor. Could you tell me which elevators will reach it?”
The old woman smiled and said “Your Italian is perfect for an American. You are fluent… oh, sorry. It was rude of me.” She blushed some in embarrassment. “Elevators I’m afraid are all suddenly out of order. It is strange, but they will be operational soon. But the stairs are just down that hall. A big strapping young man like yourself will find it easy… Oh, what a beautiful butterfly!” the old woman said as Floa landed on the desk. As the woman wet to catch her, Floa took off again.
“Thank you, Ma’am.” She blinked, already forgetting all about seeing a butterfly. The woman waved kindly as he left.
Stairs arrived soon enough and very carefully ascended them. Peering up through the middle of the winding stairs Ethan and Floa found writhing vines up high and steadily climbed.
As they reached the ninth story Floa gasped and Ethan’s hands ignited. Around the bend they saw a multitude of tendrils cocooning eight individuals. Checking the area first and seeing it was clear he came forward. Floa shot to a tiny knot and exclaimed “Alive!” and exploded to her larger size to grasp the wad. “I’ll get you out baby doll! Hold on, Elaine.” her fingers couldn’t pull any off. It was like trying to rip steel open.
“Everyone, hold still!” Ethan said when he didn’t need to be told how to get them out. Struggling ceased a moment before he activate his power to burn off their bindings. The tendrils couldn’t take the impressive heat and burned away.
Two female Naga, an Amazon, two witches, two Ogress’ and a Pixie exploded to their feet. He canceled the flames and had them back away. Floa grabbed her tiny daughter and held her close to her heart and cried. Then her daughter grew and they fully embraced.
None of this makes sense. Ethan thought suddenly as all the women looked at him. He asked “What happened?”
One of the female Ogres, the squad leader, hefted her baseball bat-like club and said “Kitsune trapped us before we could call for help. It gagged us and even prevented Elaine from Translocating us by binding her hands. It happened so quickly we couldn’t react.”
“Yes, but why aren’t you all dead?” He demanded calmly. “For all people have said of the fox, it should have killed you.”
“We don’t have an answer.” She said. “I’m surprised too. It could have done so with no trouble at all. The real question is what we need to do next.”
“We? Unh-unh.” He shook his head. “You ladies are all heading down and getting away to regroup with Storm-shadow outside. I am going up.” The silence was momentary as all of them aside for the Pixies shouted objections. He put an end to it by bursting into flames and they backpedaled till they were flush against the wall. He then stopped and said in a calm voice “I’m going up alone. Not only am I more powerful than all of you combined, you will get in my way. Right now you all are leaving. If I happen to fail it will be up to you to help Thor and the others outside get in and take care of business. The Kitsune’s plants are useless against me if you haven’t noticed and I don’t require saying words, writing or clapping to activate them. So long as I’m conscious I’m his worst enemy. No more debate or you’ll all end up here in the burn ward. Am I clear.”
The Ogress saw the wisdom and confidence in him to say “Very well.” Her companions went to reject, but she forestalled them with a hand. “Fire against plant. We’ll do what we can, Kid. You just come back safely. Let’s go, Girls. Elaine, you and your mother come too. He needs to focus and we are a distraction.” The group of nine women came to understand fully of the situation, like the Ogress and proceeded downstairs. Floa smiled in gratitude before taking her child’s hand and leaving.
Alone and silence helped Ethan think. The vegetation writhed slowly along the stairs leading up with some dangling. It was a trap and likely any other passage to the roof was likewise blocked, but as he contemplated he noticed that the vines didn’t grow any further down and there were no thorns.
When Ethan made up his mind he cloaked every part of himself in flames and slowly walked up the steps. They reacted by trying to bind him, but he was so hot they burned off in an instant. Unfortunately the resulting smoke activated fire alarms for ten seconds till he heard a ‘whoosh’ of air and realized the witches he saved were magically taking care of all the smoke. The intercom of the hospital said “False Alarm.” And he didn’t stop. Nothing stopped him.
He reached the fourteenth floor without breathing hard from all the exercise he underwent and saw the green barrier was actually a sphere that blocked the upper roof access and was surprised to find that his unlit hand could pass through, but his jacket couldn’t. He realized that Kanade’s runes were Spirit Energy infused. Making a heavy risked decision, Ethan took off his jacket and pants. He stood in a white t-shirt and his blue boxers. He then worried about his bracelets, but they passed so long as he didn’t talk or hear anything that needed translating.
He leapt through the barrier and was instantly tangled, but he turned up the heat again and was released. Then he felt the side of his head as the headset was ripped away as he passed. He knew it had some magic, but forgot. The lens could record the supernatural, but if a human not permitted tries it on it’ll self destruct.
Unable to go back because he had to keep the fire burning, he burned his way to the roof door and when all was charred he stopped and opened the door.
The roof was entirely blocked of all daylight. A slightly sweet scent permeated the air like roses. The roof was littered with gravel, but completely surrounded by giant stalks so tight not a sliver of sunlight passed through. Most surprising of all were the gigantic flowers in full bloom facing inside. They glowed softly and were beyond beautiful, not even the smallest petals had a fifteen foot diameter. Never before had Ethan seen the like.
Sitting in the center of the roof was what Ethan first thought a man in white sitting on a bed of pillows. Only they weren’t. They were large fluffy, snow white tails. The man wasn’t a man at all. What he mistook for a white coat was a body of snow white hair. Long pointed ears tipped black twitched at the sound of the door opening and then came a sad voice that was beyond unexpected. “Have you come to kill me, Fire man?”
Then the Kitsune stood up on two legs, its nine tails spreading like a fan. It wore just a pair of pants and stood on large paws rather than feet and the odd joints were lithely disguising incredible running power. Then it turned and Ethan knew it was a beautiful being, not grotesque or hideous as he assumed. The Kitsune looked much larger with his tails spread, but he was thin like a runner. In deep pools of silver were eyes that had seen many ages come and pass, held immense power and tremendous sadness. It truly looked like a man and snow fox had become one rather than the picture he once saw of a werewolf. In his hands that had claws, he held the silver chain that hung the Crescent Mirror. Just as the name sounded, it looked much like a six inch crescent moon.
Standing before the demon in nothing but his boots, boxers and a shirt Ethan said “Actually before I answer that I would like to ask you why you have done all this. The only reason you aren’t ash right now is because up until now you have not killed a single person. Tell me why.”
The Kitsune’s liquid silver eyes widened, but he made no move in aggression. “The answer lies four floors beneath our feet. My mother is going to die tomorrow morning and I intend to see she does not.”
Of all the possibilities Ethan planned on hearing, it certainly wasn’t that.





Chapter 14

“Die? Well I must say you’ve piqued my curiosity again. You’re the first demon I’ve ever met who actually doesn’t fit the demon category and who seems to be more a person than some cruel and vindictive rabid animal that’s in desperate need to be put down.”
The Kitsune laughed, but it was hollow and tainted with sadness. “You must be new to our world, Human. I too am surprised. Most warriors of Order would have attacked the moment they opened that door and taken my head while my back was to them. Nevertheless, you will not need to take my life for it will soon be offered willingly soon enough.”
Reality of those words set in and Ethan said “You intend your wish to save your mother at the cost of your own life.”
This time it was the Kitsune who was surprised. It wasn’t a question. His long set of tails seemed to sag under heavy weights before he regained composure and brought them back in a fanlike pattern more stunning than any peacock could ever be. “That is my intention. Before I give my wish, would you hear my story? It is demon tradition for the higher classes who know it is their time to vanish.”
For some reason Ethan felt compelled to say “I’ll listen.” This Kitsune had the clear feel of a demon of great power, but lacked the killing intent he had felt from all the other demons he had faced so far.
The white fox sighed and his sleek shoulders lifted as a great invisible weight was lifted and his muzzle pulled back to reveal a kind smile of canines. He passed the left chain to his right, keeping a death grip on the Crescent Mirror and used his free arm to pass it over his chest and bowed at the waist. “Many names I have taken over the millennia’s, but I now go by Tokala.”
“Fox?” Ethan said stunned at the dual translation he heard naturally and what his silver bracelets altered. “I had a college friend descended from Cherokee and I remember certain animals and names. Tokala means a male fox!”
Tokala this time truly chuckled. “So my mother’s humor isn’t lost. She is also Native American, descended from Sioux.” He then sat on four of his tails and relaxed. “Please, sit and I will tell you of myself.” Those silver eyes noticed the hesitation. “As you have deduced, I have intentionally not harmed a single individual and I clearly could have. Not a single trap has even a thorn. My plants merely were tasked to bind any who used Spirit and Demon energies from getting too close. You though I didn’t account for. And it’s just my luck that a Fire Elemental passed easily through my most powerful barriers and plants. Still I feel your companions trying to break through. They will not succeed. Judging by your attire you have figured out only non-active energies of humans can pass through. Most would not pass without protection, but then you clearly are stronger than that small army outside combined. If we wished to fight I know my chances won’t be fair. You are my natural enemy and you clearly know it.”
“So it seems.” He shook his head and said “Well, Tokala, since you haven’t lied so far I’ll listen. My name is Ethan.” He walked closer, keeping a hair trigger on his power to be loosed at the slightest movement that could be seen as a threat. Despite the Kitsune’s promises, he was a powerful demon who could thwart the great power of Thor and over three hundred powerful teams of warriors without flinching. He walked, noticing how the inward facing floral lighting played with his shadow. The path took him towards the deceptively powerful demon and heard a strange sound behind him. Paused. And glanced at the door to see more thorny vines climbing the door he had entered until it completely disappeared. “Tokala, what is the meaning…”
The fox-man clearly said “I cannot expect other warriors to be so kind as you have been. Many kill demons on sight. Wizard fire is not powerful enough to even singe my plants, but you are no wizard and I want no other to disturb us. Please.”
Ethan watched Tokala pull a seed from his pocket and saw it grow into a thick, sunflower-like plant that was over four feet wide and wreathed in bright yellow petals, but it wasn’t a sunflower. In its center was a cushion that looked soft as felt. Tokala then gently tossed it ten feet in front of himself like an oversized Frisbee. Realizing what it was for, Ethan came over and felt it was both firm and soft under his boot. He walked calmly to the center of the flower and sat, earning a smile from the demon.
“Thank you for this. I never expected to tell my story till all was over… least of all to a human.” Tokala said gratefully as he sat the mirror’s chain around his neck and pulled his long white hair around for more comfort than anything.
“My story begins sixteen thousand years ago in Demon World in the Great Forest of the Fox, under the Fire King’s dominion. I am the only surviving member of my litter, born under my Kitsune parents. I grew my second tail a hundred years after my birth and was a guard of the great forest for much of that time and thereafter. I’ve fathered four hundred litters and am proud to say many still live. My tails continued to add and my power doubled each time. When I reached my fifth millennia I finally earned my ninth tail and I became a demon lord who ruled a fertile section of the forest and joined the ranks of aristocracy in Demon World. I became a loyal lieutenant of the Fire King in times of war and enjoyed all the vast wealth I either earned, stole or pillaged. Despite my rank I loved testing my limits, breaking and entering and theft.” Tokala had a twinkle in his eye as he said this. “None could bar me from sneaking in and stealing what I sought. I even broke into the Fire King’s vaults, much to his amusement. Nothing happens without his knowledge, but he liked using me to always strengthen his vast territory and guard the wealth so others couldn’t do as I. My cunning, patience and intelligence served me more than my great power. My band of thieves could not be stopped and for centuries it was my abilities that steadily gained me more prestige and power in demon world.” He swallowed dryly and watched Ethan closely for he knew the Elemental wasn’t going to like this next telling. “Also, you must know that I also had a steady supply of souls to consume.” Ethan sat straighter, his grey eyes shot daggers, but he held still. Tokala though felt more waves of heat and watched the human’s hair rising from the generated updrafts. No flames appeared though. “Listen, I know it is hard to not hurt me for it, but what’s done is done. As a Kitsune, I feed on avarice, greed if you prefer. Humans are especially greedy and always filled me and in my long years I’ve lost count of the souls I’ve consumed. For a few decades I’d only eat human souls on a weekly basis. No other souls is like human and even now I can taste it.” Tokala then held up a finger. “But my traits would be the end of me, like all Kitsune who aren’t tethered to another.
“Seventeen years ago I led my elite band of thieves to Vilorogue’s lair, Dragon General of my king. I coveted a precious ore that is rarest in all the universe for it is said any item or weapon crafted from it is inherently indestructible. Even a piece the grain of sand was worth more than all the treasure I ever collected tenfold.” Tokala smiled in sad remembrance. “My men were wholeheartedly against tempting one of the greatest powers in all of Demon World. The Fire King might have allowed many things to slide in my direction, but Vilorogue didn’t share our great master’s mentality. We all knew if we were caught the Dragon General would make sure we suffered for decades before killing us. But the ore was too tantalizing and just begging to be pinched by the old black dragon. Despite my men’s protests, I went after it.
“We entered Vilorogue’s domain and snuck into his mountain fortress. But little did I know that we were betrayed.” Tokala grimaced. “My second, an Elf by the name of Ildio, forewarned Vilorogue of my plans to steal his precious ore.
“We walked straight into an ambush. I knew immediately something was wrong when Ildo Translocated from my side. The obstinate old dragon brought in a dozen more greater demons, some I had thought died out millennia ago.
“I immediately erected my greatest shield as the Elf disappeared. Since I trespassed, Vilorogue had every right to do what he did. Even with my barrier, the dragon ripped it apart like paper and attacked.”
“Really?” Ethan said, flabbergasted at the mental images the words created. “This dragon broke through?! How is that possible… Thor! I mean, he hit that green barrier with power I’ve never seen before and it didn’t even ripple.”
Tokala tilted his head and flicked his ears. “I thought I recognized his familiar Spirit Energy. We met once, but I got away. He is a strong warrior to be sure, Ethan, but in Demon World are demons so powerful that they cannot leave or would risk killing lesser demons by being in their presence. In all of Earth’s Order, there may be six alive who can stand near Vilorogue and not pass out instantly or die… if he didn’t regulate his power. You, as an Elemental likely could. Even I would kill everyone nearby if not for limiting my power. So if Thor cannot break through, nor the others testing it, you can imagine just how great the old dragon is.
“The attack on me and my men were short and bloody. The only thing that saved me was my illusions, but even then I was greatly wounded. Allow me to recreate the scene.” Tokala spread his furry hands, palms and claws facing upwards.
Air rippled all around them like water and changed, but Ethan held still and watched in wonder. The illuminating flowers disappeared and was replaces by a giant cavern. Ethan knew he was seeing an illusion of immense power as even the smell of sulfur tickled his nose and for both he and the Kitsune sat where they were. Large wall torches burned while some kind of glowing moss grew in the roof. The floor was oddly smooth and polished with great care. Movement caught Ethan’s attention for out of a corridor first came Tokala’s illusion, followed by a shifty, yellow skinned Elf with long pointed ears who could only be Ildo. Also following was a second Kitsune with three tails, a Kelpie who was a beautiful black stallion that had long fangs extending down to its jaw like some kind of predator and it had blood red eyes, and lastly there were four hairy Goblins and a male Harpy.
They stuck to the rock wall, extinguishing torches along the way to hide in shadows. But then the Elf suddenly vanished as a dragon dropped from a dark hole in the ceiling where the glowing moss didn’t. The dragon was black like coal, had large yellow eyes that glowed with an inner power, from snout to tail was about a hundred and fifty to a hundred and seventy five feet long. Huge wings were folded along its back while four mighty legs held it up. Long, curved horns looked more like spikes protruded from his head. Then a dozen demons appeared at its side, some not even Ethan could adequately describe clearly except they were deadly and eager for blood. Without warning a green barrier surrounded Tokala and his men, but Vilorogue took a deep breath, arched a long neck and as it shot forward, out came a giant fireball from its great maw of deadly teeth. It impacted the green shield as if it were weaker than paper and engulfed the group.
The illusion faded as Tokala was barely seen running back the way his group came and his identical illusion pretended to be burning alive with his other companions. Only he wasn’t unscathed as his arm and tails were badly burned.
“After I fled Vilorogue’s fortress, he quickly discovered my ruse and sent those greater demons after me. Wounded as I was, I stood no chance whatsoever. So I fled to an ally, using every trick to throw off my pursuers, knowing full well they would hunt me to my last breath.” Tokala laid his hands on his knees and sighed. “I knew of only one way to get them off my scent and I had to disappear, fake my own death you could say. My ally sent me to this world, but it would have been only a matter of time before they caught up and those demons you saw were the best hunters in all of Demon World. I did what I must.
“I arrived on the mortal world and sniffed out a young human woman. She had recently become pregnant by a man who left soon after coupling, but when one as powerful as I looks closely enough, I could see Fate’s hand was going to make the child stillborn. So when she was asleep I took the greatest gamble of my life and intentionally shed all my power to enter her womb, taking the place of the fetus.
“Nine months later she gave birth to me. What she did was more than shield me from the Demon World hunters. She saved me. I could think as I always have after exiting her womb, but I was forced to physically grow like any mortal child. Doing what I did had consequences.” The lip flaps pulled back wistfully. “I remember clearly her first words. ‘My Kit.’ She said with such love that I was genuinely surprised. Immediately I knew she could see me for what I was, but she didn’t scream or shun me. Few humans have the power to see beyond the veil and it seems that her pregnancy with me opened her eyes. She named me Tokala, as her ancestors called the fox. She protected me as I grew up and slowly regained my powers and tails over the next seventeen years. She showed me love the likes I never dreamed of… what is that look for?”
“Sorry.” Ethan said, not realizing he was a bit more skeptical than he meant to show. “The way you speak, you love her don’t you? Not in a sexual way… like a mother and son. I just realized your eyes reminded me of my own. I loved my mother very much and would have done anything… But I have it on good authority she is well in Spirit World. I just didn’t think demons could love.”
“You’d be surprised what you don’t know, but I guess you warriors only see the gruesome side of we demons. I guess I was just as bad for a long time as I did consume many souls, torment people, steal and cheat. Eighteen years ago I probably would have been hunted down like many other demons Order needs to rid the worlds of. Just because we demons don’t have a soul doesn’t mean we do not have a heart. I’ve just finally found mine after so long.
“My human mother reared me better than my mates did with my kits. She knew I was older than her, for we talked openly as soon as she brought me home. None of that matters, a mother is a mother and she loved me unconditionally. Because I was little, I didn’t have my powers to grow even a sprout till I was four or a tree till eleven. My mother though taught me morals and boundaries. When I pinched things, she’d spank me.” Ethan couldn’t hold back a chuckle which Tokala joined in with. “Yes, she spanked me so hard I couldn’t sit for days. When I’d play tricks she’d ground me. She is a stern female, but that is what I needed to learn my lesson. When she learned I ate souls, she didn’t get mad, but told me that when she birthed me, I’m not what I was and warned that if I ever ate so much as an ant’s soul again she would kill me… and she meant it. She carries a knife on her all the time.” The Kitsune smiled sadly. “And for the past seventeen years I’ve been clean, not one soul. My love for my mother is absolute and no matter how badly I want a soul, each time I catch a soul’s scent I now see her disapproval look in my mind that could wither the greatest demon tree. Only now do I see that souls were a drug and now I see what is better, her. After me, she no longer had any other children, but she deeply loves me and says I am her bright ray of joy…” The fox’s silver eyes lowered to the roof, as if he could see his drug induced slumbering mother below. “But six months ago, as I was cleaning dishes with Mother back home is when I caught a horrible scent coming from her. When I looked closer I saw Fate had tasked her to die painfully.
“I took her immediately to this very hospital to make sure my nose” he wiped the black nose in question. “wasn’t playing me for a fool. We got the results back and found she had inoperable pancreatic cancer with six months to live.” The truth spilled out now. “When we got home I began making medicines no human has yet created out of herbs both from this world and Demon. But every cure I could treat with my power over plants didn’t work. Fate’s hooks are too deep in my mother. For the first time in sixteen thousand years I felt truly powerless and worried for the woman who gave me more than any treasure there could ever be. Right now she is heavily sedated and has only hours left as the cancer caused her so much pain. I want her to live a full life and die of old age, not cancer riddled.
“Then I remembered of an ancient talisman crafted in Spirit World by none other than the Spirit King, the Crescent Mirror who can grant any wish. I knew I was going to break a vow to my mother and never steal again, but I was desperate. My full power had returned last month so I sought the aid of a Siren and plotted my greatest heist. I secretly slipped through Spirit World’s impressive wards and brought along the Siren. I really didn’t care about the lesser demon, but I required its talents to knock out the guards. I found the treasure room easily enough and the Siren lulled the guards asleep. We got in and I let my nose lead me to this.” He pat the sliver of a mirror on his furry chest. “I took it and as payment for aiding me, the Siren took one treasure which should never have been found…”
“The Mallatiatherium Sword.” Tokala’s eyes widened. “Yes, I know all about it. I killed the Siren who was in possession of it yesterday and I was forced to kill sixteen innocent people because it was too late to give the antidote. It was trying to raise an army, turning humans to demons. One unfortunately could have been saved, but was killed before it could call for reinforcements. The Siren worked quick, trying to build an army for something, but we managed to save many from the blade’s effects. The sword is now back in Spirit World, under heavy guard.”
“I see.” Tokala sighed sadly. “Well I take full responsibility. I should have killed the lesser demon, but I was too focused on my mother. I used my power to make realistic illusions to confuse any trackers, sending them randomly all over the city. But my traps would merely bind people. I’ll never kill as I once did without provocation, that is an unbreakable promise I made with my mother. I still never expected all of them to be attacked at the same time. I had forgotten how others would react to the mirror’s theft… and what it could do.”
Just as he stopped talking there was a strange hum in the air which was odd because the entire roof was void of sound from the outside. Tokala smiled grimly. “It is time. Thank you, Ethan for hearing my tale. I trust it will not be forgotten.”
“What?” The Elemental jumped in surprise as the Kitsune stood in a fluid movement.
The wrapping of vegetation capping the hospital began to part from the center. Despite the raging storm and constant flashing of lightning, it was too dark. From the fury of the storm, Thor was still desperately trying to break through, but no thunder boomed as it had. The glow of the flowers were all that gave constant light. In a breathless tone Ethan said “It’s night! How can that be?! It should still be daylight.”
Tokala chuckled and turned back to Ethan, removing the mirror from around his neck. “I’m sorry for the deception. These are plants from Demon World. Oh do not fear, they are harmless. The strong floral smell you no doubt noticed upon entering the dome was actually a mild sedative that makes whoever smells it see time pass more swiftly. To us only fifteen minutes have lapsed, but in actuality, hours have. Right now the full moon is out and I’m going to make the last wish of my life. Just see to it my mother knows I love her.”
Ethan just stood completely stunned at the reality of what was said.
Tokala felt his central heart thundering in his breast while his lungs constricted, making it hard to breathe as he held the mirror cupped in both hands and lifted it to the sky while telling all the plants to shrink back into seeds and never grow again. Around his inner sphere flew a Pegasai with glowing hooves crackling with power, but no matter how hard it stomped it could not break through any better than the thousands who stood outside trying. He had felt his barrier draining his Demonic Energies with each strike, especially from the gigantic Thor he spotted from the shrinking trees that once capped the building. In a deep voice Tokala shouted “By the power of the moon I call for a perfect wish!”
The power of the Crescent mirror shot a beam of light through the raging storm that soaked Tokala’s fur and tails. His sad silver eyes watched as the storm was pushed aside and nothing Thor could do could stop the celestial energies from working. The moment the full moon overhead reflected off the mirror, it began to change. As the phases of the real moon waxes and wanes, so too did the Crescent Mirror match. What was once a sliver grew into a perfect disc. It began to hum with energies of the universe and beneath the clear and starry sky came a rich feminine voice that was soft and commanding, the likes of which few in all of history ever heard. “I have heard your call. With the full moon so to shall your wish be perfect and lasting. Set me down and see your reflection before the moon to speak your wish.”
The Kitsune carefully lowered the now whole mirror on the ground and saw his sad and determined expression reflected with the moon surrounding him like a halo of blessing. “My wish is to see my human mother healed of her cancer and to live to old age before passing.”
“Such a wish is against Fate’s domain. To grant it the price must be your life in exchange. If you are willing to fulfill this wish, place both your hands on my surface and it will be done.” The woman’s voice said without care.
Tokala knelt and did as instructed. Light shot from the mirror, flying through his face like a great laser which blew his silver mane of hair straight up.
Ethan snapped out of his reverie yelling “NO!!!” long strides brought him over and he slapped his own hands onto the mirror too. “Mirror, Take me instead!”
“What are you doing, Ethan?!” Tokala yelled. “This is my wish! You have no reason to do this.”
The Kitsune gasped as steel grey eyes began to redden and somewhat glow. “No, I’ll not let you die. If there are good demons like you, I’ll protect you at the cost of my own life. I’ve already died once, but you don’t have a soul!” He growled deeply while the beam of light encompassed him too, but he shoved his human nose against Tokala’s. “When I die I’ll continue. When you die your existence is over! Finished! I’ll likely spend eternity in Nothingness, but it’ll be better than what you’ll face. There is no afterlife for you. My angel will understand, but your mother wont. Let me do this for you so you can be with your mother when she gets better and you can watch her live that full life you’ll miss out on sharing.”
“This is my wish! I can’t…”
Before either could say another word their vision went white, consumed in the light of the Crescent Mirror.





Chapter 15

Tokala gasped as he sat up and looked around. Beside him lay Ethan, unmoving. The Kitsune gasped again and crawled over to the human’s side and pressed two fingers to his neck. ‘Thump thump’ came a weak, steady pulse.
“The wish has been granted.” The Crescent mirror said in a gentle voice.
“But we’re both alive?” Tokala said as his tone was full of disbelief. He looked at his side and said “You have a crack!”
In fact the mirror’s surface was cracking more by the second. “It is long since my time to fulfill my role and enter oblivion from whence I was made so no other may ever use me again. Young fox, hear my final words this time.” He scooted closer and was too afraid to touch as every moment the mirror’s face fractured more and more. “My power of wish had no bounds if a price is finalized and many have sought my power, but I could never speak of it. Every wisher is like a greedy, spoiled child, much like yourself. All wishes are selfish, but this man, as powerful as he is, was willing to risk it all for a stranger. I’ve listened to every word since you took me as I have all my wielders. But it was this frail mortal human who acted selflessly for a complete stranger. Instead of taking your life or his, I give my own. Do not squander what he has done for you and your mother. It was his selflessness that allowed me to act on my own whim and do something myself for a change. Farewe…” with one loud, final crack the mirror shattered to less than grains of dust.
The Kitsune stared fully as the Crescent Mirror vanished into absolutely nothing, leaving behind only the silver chain. In deep respect he bowed his head and said “Thank you.” When he felt his power still draining he realized he had to act and spun on his knee and hunched over Ethan. “And I sincerely thank you for this gift.” With one sharp claw he gently nicked Ethan’s forearm, gathered a single drop of blood and licked it. Tokala’s eyes widened with instant realization. “Impossible! You can’t be!” he then moved his muzzle closer to the man’s neck and took a deep whiff to say “It’s true! This smell is unmistakable… You are just like…” there came a loud whinny of a horse and looked up to see the black Pegasai trying to tear his way through with every fiber of its being. A look of immense hatred were shooting daggers at him. The Kitsune stood and yelled “He’s alive!”
Storm-shadow stood on top of the barrier and demanded loudly “Get away from him, Demon! I’ll kill you if you don’t!”
“You’ll never see me again, most likely.” Tokala bowed and spared one last look at the unconscious Ethan and then shot forward to the door like a lightning strike. Once behind it and no one was near, he used his power of illusion and changed his appearance into a human seventeen year old copper skinned boy and altered his scent so none from Order could distinguish him. He sprinted inhumanly down the stairs, seeing his vines disappear without a trace and found his mother’s floor to see the staff in a near panic. He yelled in Italian “What’s going on!?”
One of the staff he knew smiled and tears spilled down her round cheeks. “It is your mother. She is awake! We do not know how, but she’s calling for you!”
Tokala hurried and before he got to the door he saw his mother standing in her hospital gown as healthy as she ever was. Tears leaked from his eyes as he ran to embrace her. She smiled at his illusion, knowing all his tricks and squeezed him tight. They collapsed in a hug.
The powerful barriers instantly vanished and Storm-shadow barely managed to slow himself and land. Immediately as his hooves touched the roof he charged to Ethan and licked the side of his face. “Wake, please wake!” then he gained a groan and Storm-shadow sighed. “Thank the stars!”
A dozen Pegesai were instantly airborne, following Shadow-storm and Thor. In moments the half human/Naga dismounted and charged over to the Elemental’s side. “Lad, come on!” he gave a quick slap.
Ethan reacted and roared like a wild beast and punched Thor in the jaw with surprising force. Ethan leapt and took a fighting stance and blinked when Thor sat up after getting knocked to his back and rubbed his jaw. “What a punch, Laddie! We ought to brawl one day and make our ancestors proud.”
“Huh?” Ethan stood as memories returned and more flyers came in to land all on the roof. Most were curiously quiet and wary around him.
“Where’s the Kitsune, Lad? We can have a brawl another time, but now we need it and the mirror.” Thor pushed aside the pain and threw his braid of golden hair back across his spine.
“Gone.” Storm-shadow announced. “I didn’t hear much, but I saw the Kitsune flee and the Crescent Mirror is no more.”
“WHAT!” Came a mighty voice and heads shot up as an Enforcer of immense power landed before Ethan, Storm-shadow, Shadow-storm and Thor. His helmet was on fire, had gigantic black wings, carried a lance of pure light and a sheathed sword at his hip. The enforcer stood fourteen feet tall and bulged with muscle that all Enforcers and male Spirit Guides had in surplus. “Explain! Fate sent me when the mirror was just used. It needs to be recovered.”
Storm-shadow stomped on a silvery chain and said “All that remains is this. I saw it crumble and disappear. The Kitsune made some wish and next I see is my companion jump over and place his hands on the mirror too. Then there was a blinding light and the Kitsune fled.”
The burning helmet turned on Ethan, but the oppressive anger of the Enforcer lessened. Large black eyes behind the helmet’s fire narrowed till he said “The Elemental returned to life? Fate will not be pleased with what you’ve done.”
“I could care less what he thinks right now.” Ethan growled and everyone gasped, but the Enforcer made no move. “I did what I thought was right. If you’re looking for someone to blame you need to go place it on him. It was his doing that made the Kitsune steal the mirror in the first place. I don’t really know what happened to it, but if it’s gone I say good fucking riddance. Something that powerful should never have existed to begin with. Right now I’m in the mood to roast something so I suggest you fly along before you become fried chicken.”
Deathly silence blanketed the whole rooftop and even the wind seemed to hold its breath. Then the Enforcer walked forward, a mountain of muscle, but Ethan held his ground while everyone else backed far away. They stared at each other for a moment before the giant of a man bent over and plucked the chain that once held the mirror. “Mr. Volorum, you would do care to watch that mouth against we Enforcers. If my duty was not to retrieve the mirror you would be punished. I give you this one warning. Hold that tongue no matter how overwhelmed you are. Be thankful my task is clear and finished. If the mirror is destroyed, so is my needed presence.” Black wings spread and instantly the Enforcer shot to the sky, soon all that could be seen was the flaming helmet in the starry sky.
A great sigh came all at once, but the first to laugh was Thor. “Lad, you sure have some mountain size stones. Even I fear the Enforcers. Go put on some clothes and take a breather.” At that, Ethan blushed and looked down to realize how he was dressed. “The rest of you, make sure the Kitsune is caught or killed if need be. Lad, did it say where it was heading?”
Ethan stopped and knew what he had to do. Right now he had to let this one go. Tokala earned a second chance this time. “Not really. All he said was he was the Kitsune you didn’t kill long ago.” This darkened Thor’s mood. “Maybe you can tell me why it’s suddenly dark out? Before I tried getting the mirror away I remember it still being daylight.”
“Daylight?!” someone in the crowd said. “You’ve been out of contact for over twelve hours. Everyone’s been worried when we lost communication.”
“Everything will be sorted soon!” The commanding officer with a hammer said loudly while readjusting his eyepiece. “Right now we need to hunt the fox down. Get to it!”
With a roar, half charged the door while flyers took off and surrounded the building. Ogres, Nagai and Amazons poured through the hospital but as Ethan stumbled to the door his legs were wobbly and began buckling. Scaly hands shot out of nowhere and Ethan was eased down by Blake as Floa had Translocated the entire team. “Easy now.” The Naga said, nearly poking Ethan in the eye with the pommel of the broadsword sticking out from his right shoulder. “What’s wrong?”
Nell knelt beside him with Kira and were concerned, but listened as he said “Drained…” He sighed and breathed deep. “Feels like I just completed one of your grueling training sessions and all my joints ache… So it’s really night. I swear it’s felt like a few minutes tops.”
Storm-shadow then tossed his mane and pranced around to say “This scent… a plant from Demon World. It acts like magic, shifting perception to make time appear faster. A short quarter hour, given the concentration, may make a day pass completely. Quite dangerous if prolonged. Your body would starve to death in what would merely be an hour or so. Ellen, in my saddle, pull out the canteen. He needs to drink and flush his system.” The Centaur came over and did so. She then handed the drink to Ethan who greedily drank, realizing how dehydrated he was. “It is no wonder you are so temperamental and challenged an Enforcer. Take care of yourself and cool off.”
In seconds the canteen was empty, but before he could ask for another Magnus handed his over, but was actually a sports drink. He said “Thanks.” and downed it too. By the time he finished it Kira had left and returned with his clothes and his headset saying “I found these in a corner by the stairwell, by charred marks made by your feet.”
He was appreciative and quickly slipped into them and excused himself as a biological emergency hit and he had recovered enough to run to the nearest men’s room and voided an overfull bladder.
By the time he returned to the roof as a new man, many were quietly waiting for an explanation. He waved his team over to a corner as well as Thor and Shadow-storm. In a low tone he said “You won’t find the Kitsune, but he isn’t what any of us expected. Thor, I know you rarely let anything go, but he has changed. We need to go to the First House for a debrief.”
“Tell me right now why I should.” The head of the Fifth House levelly commanded.
“Have you asked yourself why the Kitsune hasn’t hurt a single individual? How long ago did you and he clash?”
“Six hundred or so years ago.” Thor said. “And yes, it has bothered me. Last we met he was a cruel bastard and stole some precious items from my loft. He is one of the few demons who can claim to have bested me. So what was this wish the Enforcer said had happened? What was the wish?”
“To heal someone dear to him. He was willing to sacrifice himself to do it. I don’t know what happened after, but before I passed out I tried taking his place…”
“Ah, so now it makes since.” Thor rubbed his scaly smooth chin. “There is an old legend my father told me of the mirror that says only a selfless act will end the mirror’s power. If it is truly gone… well… there is nothing anyone can do. And agreed we are, Lad. The mirror needed to be destroyed. I cannot say the same for the Kitsune. His past must be judged. And find him we will. But you must return to my father and tell him everything, and I do mean everything. Since you belong to his House I cannot order you without his directive.”
“Thor,” Ethan grabbed the man’s arm and released it quickly when the ancient warrior glared. “sorry, but you need to trust me on this, he has changed, for the better. He could have wished for anything, but he spoke on behalf of another. Believe me when I say that if he wished for anything else I would have roasted him without a second thought. We were this close from one another.” Ethan stepped back some. “He isn’t like other demons I’ve faced. If by some chance you do find him and he doesn’t attack, you will detain him only. He has spent the last seventeen years repenting and I believe him.”
“LOST THE SCENT!” a Naga shouted from the door a dozen yards away.
Thor gave Ethan an appraising look before shaking his head. “I’ll take your opinion under advisement, Lad. When we find him, so long as he doesn’t attack or harm another, he will be treated justly. He broke many laws and will be held accounted for. But if he so much as retaliates in any damaging way, I’m going to put him down and finish what is long overdue.”
“That is all I’m asking.” Thor nodded and walked away, barking orders to secure the entire building. A familiar person landed on his shoulder. “Floa, how’s your girl?”
“Shaken still, but unharmed. She’s never been so helpless without her Translocation abilities. She and her team, as well as everyone are unharmed. Are you ready to head home and answer to my fiancé?”
This silenced the group completely. “Wait? When did you get engaged… I thought your and Nymph kinds only marry your soul mates when you… you know.” He said.
“I’ll let Odin explain. I just can’t keep it as a secret anymore.”
Magnus snorted. “Odin? That virile old Viking? He’s never married and never settles.”
Nell laughed. “You’re joking, Floa. Odin is the most promiscuous male to exist. And he only sleep for a week in a whole year, meaning he has a lot of time to get things done.” One green eyebrow arched. “Usually with threesomes every night. Once he satisfied a hundred women in one night.”
“A hundred and nine actually.” Floa corrected proudly. “I was there and wow… What a rush!” the Pixie giggled as she shivered. “But you will learn soon enough that he has been granted a gift that no one knew about. And I can’t wait to see your faces when I make him tell all of you.”
“Floa, thanks.” Ethan said and she smiled.
“Don’t mention it! You looked like you needed a distraction. If you need more I can tell you about my sex life?!”
“No!” Ethan shouted and laughed as she expertly eased tension. “Right now I want to sleep and dreaming of you getting it on with that ancient badass will give me nightmares.”
“Awe, you’re still so adorable.” She patted his cheek. “And here I thought you and Kanade would finally shed that shyness after all the time you two…” She stopped as he placed his middle finger against his thumb and tensed. She knew he would flick her. “Alright. Hey, I can’t stop being what I am. Immortal sex drives in women are insatiable. You’ll learn soon enough. Everyone ready?”
All nodded and she clapped.
They instantly Translocated to the road outside the castle. Then before they took one step Floa clapped again, disappeared and ten seconds later reappeared in her larger form, carrying Blossom asleep in her arms and even brought along Kanade.
“Ethan!” Kanade began to cry as she shot after him, wrapped her arms around him and took to the sky. She slowed as he croaked “Can’t Breatheee…” and she pulled away. He sparked a levitating flame above them so he could see her face. She used her power to lock them in place so she didn’t need to flap her wings constantly to hold position. Down below the team waited, but Floa disappeared with Blossom and came back soon empty handed, obviously to put the baby Pixie to bed. Kanade though said “I’ve been so worried, My Angel. Dress kept me informed and told me you were lost, no one could communicate with you all day. I was so worried.” She cried into his neck while he stroked her hair soothingly. “The other team you saved tried goin’ back to rescue you, but couldn’t get anywhere near close… Oh, Ethan, I was so worried. What happened?”
“I’m okay. Really. I would like to tell this only once because I’m tired and hungry and I want to hear why Floa and Odin are going to be married.”
The last part had Kanade’s tears stop and she drew away in surprise, but not releasing her superhuman embrace around his middle. “What? When did this happen? They…” She looked down at the patient group and then back at him. “You better not be lyin’ or tryin’ to make my worry into a joke. You won’t like… Oh who am I kiddin’. Come here.” Despite her embrace, she leaned forward for an expected kiss. He was all too eager to oblige. When they pulled apart she spoke in a dainty yet husky tone. “You better find a way to make me feel better, Husband. I expect you to make up for puttin’ me through Torment.” Hell’s equivalent.
“I’ll start with a backrub.”
“And bring me to ecstasy till I tell you otherwise. And I’ll make sure you won’t get a wink of sleep so that you won’t be able to leave bed. I’ll make it especially impossible to walk as my legs will be locked around you. You have much to make up for before I consider lettin’ you from my sight again.”
“Your wish is my command, Ma’am.”
She smiled and read his surface thoughts and liked what she saw. She felt an erotic shiver shoot up her spine and warm the entire core of her being before she asked “Love, it will be quicker to let me read your mind. May I?”
“Go right ahead. I have nothing to hide from you, but later, if I omit certain details, will you promise to stay silent?”
Kanade nodded and dove into recent memories of the past half hour to say “So you had no idea that I’ve been in a tizzy all day and night? And I agree, you did the right thing. I also am glad that you are so selfless. I wouldn’t have been mad if you had died, but I’d be there right behind you, proud you did good and gave your life for a stranger, a demon at that. And to answer your biggest question, Yes, some demons aren’t a threat and can love. It is rare though and demonic nature is difficult to resist. Those who know love find it easier. This Tokala will likely repent so long as his mother lives. Afterwards, who knows. I’ve never heard of such a tale, more so that he loves a human. We will talk later, in private.” He wholeheartedly agreed, even as she processed his memories in an instant rather than speaking. “Right now I want to learn about Floa and Odin. It doesn’t make sense.”
“I know. Pixies and Nymphs only marry their…”
Together they looked at each other with realization and said simultaneously “Soul mate!” she though added “But… Oh we need more information before our minds accidentally assume wrongly.” She spread her wings and lightly snapped her fingers, ending the spell and glided down. Kanade landed without offering an apology and stepped closer and knelt in front of her friend. “Show me proof. Ethan told me you and Odin…”
Floa smiled and blatantly exposed much of her large breasts proudly by pulling the collar of her top down. Ethan turned away in modesty, but it was too late as the image of green perky nipples were loosed upon the world. Others came closer to see a silvery patch of skin glistening between her full bosom. “See. I’m marked now after so long…” Violet eyes shifted to the one person not looking. “Oh, Ethan, they are just boobs. I know you know that when a Pixie finds this between their breasts… Well you know someone had to be between my thighs.” She pulled the top back up and sighed “So modest. Come, we must get done before you hear how special my mark means to me.”
Kanade embraced the Pixie while Ethan turned back. “I’m so happy for you, Floa. It is long since been due you got what we all seek.”
“Thank you.” Floa said, teary-eyed. “We must hurry. I want to do this with him. It’s not my story to tell and if we linger I won’t be able to resist.”
Floa and Kanade held hands as their group hurried down the sparse hall. Many of those still awake called greetings, but didn’t hurry to hear news, which would come out no later than breakfast. Nell was the only one who had to leave for Vina, since she didn’t have much to say she was allowed to retire for the night. She walked away saying she’d see everyone tomorrow.
About a half mile later they were greeted by Kiroq who was leaning against the wall with his wings wrapped around himself like some kind of robe and it gave him a mysterious air. The Gargoyle fixed dark brown eyes and tapered ears in their direction. When they got close enough he parted his half, doglike hairless muzzle to say “Glad to see you still alive, Ethan. Thor contacted the House and told the council leaders you are to be debriefed of the situation and got a bit chummy with the Kitsune. Follow me, we’re ready to hear all about it.”
Dread filled Ethan, but it didn’t show as he and his team followed the Gargoyle into the elevator. As the door shut he asked “Kiroq, how much trouble am I in?”
“Deactivate your gear.” Kiroq tapped his ear meaningfully and waited till it was done. Ethan turned it off while all eyes took at the general. Kiroq then showed his thick fangs as he smiled. “Whatever you told Thor sure got under his skin. That old man hates letting things go and has a habit of wanting to be better than any other. He doesn’t like how you let the Kitsune go, especially since it was one who thwarted him.” Kiroq’s large claws scratched his head. “You needn’t fear, but answers are all we’ll need from you. So long as you didn’t break any rules you’ll be fine. Already many of our forces are coming back to get some rest or returning to the Fifth House. As of five minutes ago, the demon is still at large. So it’s true the Kitsune hasn’t harmed a single individual?”
“No.” Kanade said.
“And how did you know? You weren’t anywhere near this problem.” Kiroq said suspiciously.
“True, but I saw my angel’s memories. And I agree with Ethan’s choices in what he did.” She defended herself and her love. “Unless provoked, Tokala, that is the Kitsune’s current name, won’t likely harm a fly. For years he has found a new path and his reasons for the theft of the mirror were reasonable, in his own way. No law was broken. Will this take long, Ethan is tired and hungry?”
“I don’t believe it will take long at all.” The large Gargoyle said and moments later the elevator chimed when they reached the top floor.
The Ogress wasn’t at her desk, being so late. It didn’t matter so much as they took a left and followed the large, four and a half foot tall, massively muscled Gargoyle to the tribunal room. All the leaders were in session and rapid typing from Tattoo on his computer ‘clicked’ and echoed continuously like calm and intensive talking. Some Ogres and a half dozen flying Pixies were working. When they entered Pegasus stomped one large Clydesdale size hoof on the polished marble floor like a gavel in a courtroom. Silence proceeded thereafter. The great black stallion leveled his brilliant blue eyes and said “They’ve arrived. Now we can get actual answers.”
“Aye.” Odin said as he pulled on his blonde braided beard that hung to the heart of his sternum. “Welcome lads and lasses. Again, Ethan, you caused another profound stir in Spirit World. Fate isn’t happy and wants you locked up for a decade for allowing his father’s creation to be destroyed.” The room silenced at that and Ethan gulped till the middle aged looking Viking grinned. “But I also heard what you said to that Enforcer. You must be a descendant of a Viking. No other human has such gall to stand against one of them and not quake.”
“Best laugh we had in months since you downed Odin’s brew!” The madman Merlin cackled. Morgane, his wife, laughed lightly at his side, unable to resist.
“Even on my worst days I would have been silent.” Collu the Centaur stallion announced. “We are all eager to hear what happened.”
“Ethan, please hold this and explain what transpired. It is a request of us, but Thor demands it done. We stand for truth and justice. Please accept it for now.” Morgane Le Fay said as she flew a metal rod over to him and his group.
Kiroq though actually flew to his seat beside Pegasus and settled.
The metal bar had the same rune used on Kira and was enchanted to allow only the truth to be spoken. He knew about it for Kanade explained how it worked months ago. It didn’t allow lies, but it couldn’t force someone to speak without a secondary spell working in conjunction. With a heavy sigh he plucked it from the air and held it in a white knuckled grip at his side. Now that the room sat with heavily expectant silence, he and his team approached the half circle desk. “Alright. Here’s how it went. When Thor and all squad leaders learned one team didn’t respond he told everyone to move immediately to the hospital. Floa Translocated myself and Storm-shadow as this was said only as it was one of her daughters who was a teammate on the squad responsible for checking it out. In a mother’s worry she forgot the rest of our teammates and we arrived not a second before our target erected a barrier that allowed only humans and non-active energy, Spirit or Demonic, inside. Storm-shadow waited outside while Floa and I entered. Soon we located the captured team and I ordered them out. Otherwise they’d be in my way. I covered myself in fire to burn my way past tons of vines that magic cannot burn. Because I’m human and remembered how other humans could pass the outer barrier, I stripped off my enchanted suit Kanade made. I passed a second barrier and…” Ethan continued with the story, telling events as they were and unable to lie thanks to the rod. He retold Tokala’s story, omitting certain details and for the next five minutes he spoke without interruption. “And the next thing I know is sharp pain, waking up, slugging Thor and… well you should know the rest.”
Silence and contemplation lasted for only a few moments before Crait, the Naga High Champion, said “So this Tokala made a wish to save a human from Fate’s intentions, but you’ve yet to tell us who this human is or where we can find him. Tell us.”
“Not gonna happen.” Ethan stood his ground even after the powerful Naga glared. “Look, we all have someone we would have used the mirror on and see them returned to life or see them healed and be willing to give everything for it, even our very lives. To see my mom and grandparents again is worth that price. Tokala isn’t as he was. After sixteen thousand years he has changed. The only one in this room who can say they’ve lived so long is Princess Chillie. Princess, can you deny you wouldn’t use the mirror at the cost of your own life?” She shook her head honestly. “Look, Tokala got his wish and I’ll not give him up. I can’t explain how either of us are alive after the wish, but Storm said Tokala left me alive and disappeared. I was helpless and still he didn’t kill me as any other demon would have in the same situation. If all the other things didn’t happen I would still give him a head start and not send a Drone after him. This demon found love and isn’t a threat any longer. Before tonight I thought all demons were evil. Why wasn’t I told this?”
“Because it is rare.” Mia, the white Centaur mare matriarch said before Crait went on a tirade for answers. “There is no such thing as good or evil, just perspective. Still, we wish life to flourish, Chaos wants as its name implies. Demon masters control their minions and those who adhere to the Accords are left alone so long as rules are obeyed. Only when they start taking lives will we intervene. If this fox has no master, being powerful enough to be one, and hasn’t harmed a soul in recent years, has truly found love in a human and was willing to give his own life… Well I might not agree completely with your field decision, but you made the correct choice and it is true he let you live. Others certainly would have taken your life. Demons are naturally selfish and self-serving denizens, but if he has found love, true love, he will not be a threat now that his human is saved. We can agree the wish was granted if Fate sent an Enforcer saying so. Fact of the matter remains that he broke into Spirit World, a precious artifact is lost forever and his inactions resulted in seventeen human deaths by the Siren companion and the sword so he must be held accountable.”
“I’m not saying he shouldn’t.” Ethan said and as he held the rod still, they knew he meant it. “What I am saying is I’m not going to be part of this anymore. As it is, my orders, when Blake got the mission, was to retrieve the sword and mirror, find those responsible and have the objects returned. Mission complete. And the mirror should never have existed. With it destroyed it can no longer be used by anyone, for any purpose.”
“I find no fault.” Priestess Edda, the Nymph, said to the assembly.
“Nor do I.” Odin announced. “Fate can get over it and stop whining like a spoiled brat. The Crescent Mirror was too great a temptation to have ever existed and now that it is no more we have no further need to fear a repeat and fear of what it represents in the wrong hands. Besides, Lad,” the lone blue eye locked on the feisty Elemental. “Fate’s influence won’t decide your actions in my House. You won’t be imprisoned for this unexpected turn of events. What’s done cannot be undone, especially now that the mirror’s power is forever gone. By majority vote of the council, who disagrees?” Only Crait raised his arm. “Then Ethan, your mission was a success and lives were saved. You all earned your rest and bounty of ninety five thousand points apiece.”
“But tomorrow, Ethan,” Morgane Le Fay interjected as she played with a loose strand of her curly strawberry hair. “I request that you come by and see me just so there aren’t lingering effects of the demon flowers. They aren’t deadly for the short amount of time you were exposed, but just in case… You understand. If any new symptoms arise you must find me immediately.”
“Yes, Ma’am.” He replied to the High Witch.
“Good, now that that is settled…” Floa bounced on the balls of her bare feet and the room turned their attention to her suddenly chipper personality. “Ooodin?”
“Floa!” For once the one eyed, seven foot tall Viking was completely flabbergasted as he knew that particular tone. Everyone in the room heard it and the mood of the room shifted with anticipation. “I thought we agreed?”
The grinning Pixie shrugged her slender shoulders at his attempt to conceal what he hid. “Couldn’t be helped. Come on. Tell everyone! I’ve waited long enough and you know I’m not a patient woman.”
“What Pixie is.” Odin grumbled and saw her evergreen foot tap with impatience. “Oh, Fine. I was waiting till after my sleep, but if you’ve already spoiled the surprise it also cannot be helped.” Gungnir in hand, he walked around the table, the end of the solid metal lance clinked on the floor in a rhythm to his long natural strides. Everyone was curious and eager at the strangeness and for once, Merlin wasn’t bouncing in his seat like he had too much sugar and was listening to voices only he could hear. Odin met Floa by the corner where the entire room could see and he said “You all know I gave my eye and vow to serve Order for all eternity and have filled that role for nineteen hundred years.” Heads nodded while all leaned forward. “Last week I was granted a gift by the Spirit King.”
This now gained the entire room’s attention as not one pair of eyes weren’t bulging. It was such a shock that many had to force themselves to breathe. Odin went on and wove his massive hand around Floa’s tiny green one, even as she remained in her larger form he was massive. “Fate was who heard my wish to fight and granted me immortality under Order’s endless service, but he did more than take my eye. The Spirit King spoke to me in my mind a week prior and I hadn’t heard his voice since I pleaded that Jormungandr be given a better opportunity when he aided me against the Dragon Rattyz. Jormungandr lives outside to this day as a loyal house guardian. I would never forget his voice. I learned Fate actually is who granted my request on my behalf against his father, but not for an entire century of debate. I was in a century long Odin Sleep, unaware of Fate’s tinkering. To me it felt like just a moment when I learned he’d said aye. In actuality I learned I’m not nineteen hundred, but two thousand years old exactly, as of last week.”
“Two thousand! Happy birthd…”
“I’m not done speaking yet, Merlin, my old friend.” Odin interrupted before he could be assaulted by questions. “In my study last week I learned of the secret withheld from me. Spirit King mentally explained that if I had remained faithful for two millennia and fought Chaos’ corruption I would get back what was lost. Well… I have been steadfast.” He glanced down at Floa with a tender smile she beamed back. “What I didn’t know was that Fate also took more than my eye. To ensure I upheld my end of the bargain of eternal servitude he also took my sense to find my soul mate. It would ensure I had no ties to alter my course or withhold my warring against Chaos. Spirit King returned it to me that night a week ago.”
Floa pulled the collar of her shirt down to show off the silver patch of skin that was almost a perfect oval between her breasts and seem to enhance the beauty of her unblemished green skin. “We knocked boots afterwards and found out why we’ve always been so attracted to each other and why Odin has fathered more of my many babies than any other man. We were soul mates all along, but without Odin having that part of him… we would never have known.”
“We’ve chosen the winter solstice to be traditionally wed, after my annual slumber.” Odin said.
The room clapped and Odin gave Floa a deep kiss when she jumped in his bulging arms and wrapped her slender arms around his neck. Hugs and backslaps were exchanged. Merlin though commented “Seems like Odin won’t be having so many strangers come visiting.”
“Think again!” Floa announced, hearing it with her pointed green ears. “Just because we’re soul mates doesn’t mean our sex life will be pruned back. He better keep bringing girls to our bed or I’ll bring them myself. A virile Viking and a Pixie need bedmates… lots and lots of bedmates!”
Odin laughed proudly. “That is my woman! I couldn’t ask for better!”
“No. You couldn’t.” She agreed with a bright smile of sharp teeth. “Princess Chillie, care to join us tonight to celebrate?”
“It would be my pleasure.” The ancient princess’s smile broadened.
“I guarantee it will be.” Floa stated, dropped down and openly kissed the princess in front of everyone. The princess wasn’t even surprised and returned the attentions. None seemed like this was anything out of the ordinary. The only ones to blush were Ethan and Kanade.
“Congratulations, Floa.” Kanade hugged her friend a moment later when the crowd pulled back some. “Ethan and I are goin’ downstairs to eat. The others wanted me to also tell you how happy they are for you, Storm especially.”
“Thanks, Girlfriend. I’m just glad I no longer have to keep this secret. A week felt like centuries. Too bad your kind won’t play. I could show a trick to make…”
Kanade pressed two slender finger’s over Floa’s pouty lips. “Don’t ruin this moment. You know it will never be between us. We are friends, not with those benefits. Ethan is all I want or shall ever need. Enjoy your night, I will do the same.” She then kissed her friend’s emerald cheeks. “See you soon.”
“Oh, before you go. I want you to be my Maid of Honor.”
The Enchantress smiled kindly, but didn’t get teary eyed as either woman expected. “I’d be honored and accept. We’ll talk later, your husband-to-be is wanting your attentions.” Kanade stood and waved goodbye as her Pixie friend skipped to Odin’s side.
She returned to see only Ethan and Storm-shadow had remained by the door. Magnus, Blake and Ellen left. She took Ethan’s hand with a smile and they left.

“What will you have?” Cook said as they sat down at the nearest table just out of the elevators. The Wisp was waiting, use to being called at any time. Since it wasn’t time for a mass meal and the heavy resources for today’s hunt would mean she’d be working extra tonight as different groups were coming and going.
Kanade said “Three extra large, deep dish pizzas with pepperoni, sausage and mushrooms and two large pitchers of beer.” With a flash, Cook prepared the order instantly and glowed more brightly with happiness as the Enchantress said “Looks and smells delicious. You’ve outdone yourself again, Cook.”
“Call my name if you need anything else.”
“We will.”
Cook disappeared and Ethan’s gnawing hunger had him grabbing two slices at a time and stuffing his mouth. Kanade would have found his manners appalling if she couldn’t sense how depleted he was after such an ordeal. It proved too much and she too was effected, remembering she also hadn’t eaten since breakfast and was sickened at the thought of his disappearance for hours. Ethan devoured an entire pizza alone and two slices from the third before downing three glasses and much of his pitcher’s golden liquid. Kanade though finished off the remainder of the meal and liquor.
“Much better.” He said and rubbed his firm stomach.
“I feel as content as a fat cat.” She quipped and gathered the dishes. “Now I’m ready to purr.” Kanade nudged him suggestively and felt at ease as he richly chuckled.
“Let’s go home.” He got up with her.
After dropping the dishes in a depositing hole she wrapped an arm around him as he did her. Since it was getting late there were fewer in the way and he didn’t care how it looked as Kanade spread her wings and carried him through the air. Few ever joked that he relied on a woman for all knew who they were and their overwhelming powers.
Cool air helped ease Ethan’s mind and his stomach was seriously full. Hey Kanade? He thought and saw her golden eyes turn fully on him and realized she was still inside his head. “Thanks for ordering pizza.”
“You’re welcome, My Love.” She smiled softly, a private smile that is his alone. “Neither of us were in the mood to play with our food. It was a quick and fillin’ meal. Would you like me to stop readin’ your mind?”
“Doesn’t bother me, but I still cannot for the life of me understand how you find my thoughts so fascinating.” He admitted as the wind ruffled his hair more strongly as she few them outside and into the open where she slowed and took her time flying with him.
“I do not like pryin’ into another’s mind just like I do not like others inside my own, but of all the minds I have touched yours is by far the most unique. You have a strong sense of morals and kindness that others of Order lack or have forgotten in time or under heavy hardship that they become desensitized. Even among humans, your mind is special and different, but I do not know why and I like it that way.” She touched her gold choker out of habit and smiled as she always does for it meant it was proof all this was real. “Odin, I’ve read before, and your minds couldn’t be more different. All he thinks about is fightin’, drinkin’ and tearin’ the clothes off Floa and every woman who catches his lusty eye.
“You on the other hand think of a great many things at the same time unless you do that intense focus thing you do and push all thoughts aside. Your focus is frightenin’ sometimes because until your goal is complete, nothin’ stops you or gains your attention unless it is big. When you don’t focus though, your mind relaxes and once I caught you jugglin’ over twenty ideas at the same time. I would swear you were a great, master Wizard for only they can do such so easily. You can juggle like my kind in mentality, but I usually juggle over a hundred thoughts at any one time. Your mind is refreshin’, especially when you catch sight of me.” She flapped her wings and grinned. “It might be because you are my angel, but never have our kinds bonded as we. You are the first human I mean. Aside from that I truly love how you see me. I know I’m pretty, even among other Spirit Guides, but the way you see me…” She quivered in delight and it made him smile. “Well I can say I’m flattered. There is no word in the universe, Spirit or Demon World that could come close to saying how delightful your honest mind is. I cannot help myself by feelin’ your emotions when you know I’m around and it fills me with joy and I find it erotic. And my heart goes aflutter when you see me as yours, your sexual goddess. I love how vivid your imagination is…”
“Like this?”
Kanade saw what he suddenly thought and missed a beat before catching them. “Don’t do that!” She swatted his arm with her free arm and laughed. “But yes, My Darling Husband, and it will feel good. Your beard is wonderful between my thighs and that image you just sent me better become reality.” She smirked. “It is unfortunate you cannot read my thoughts.”
“Oh?” he arched an eyebrow. “How so?”
She pulled him closer and whispered in his ear in an intimate way “Because no matter how bad you think your dirty thoughts are, mine are far worse.”
“Doubt it.” He chuckled and she enjoyed how his sound vibrated through her.
“I cannot lie and you well know it!” She slowed even more, enjoying the closeness and the slight electrical current that occurs whenever they touch. “I always thought Pixies and Nymphs were incorrigible, wantin’ to wrap their legs around anythin’ with a rod or each other. I barely believed they had more than a thought that wanted anythin’ else, even as I kissed my way through troves of Spirit Guides and Enforcers in search for my mate. Not once did I see myself like those free spirited females.
“Suddenly I’m drawn to you and I can think of nothin’ else most of the time. I feel like a bitch in heat and want to feel of one body all the time. Our link as soul mates, I can feel it now and understand it logically, but my mind has turned on instincts I never knew about. I don’t want them off either.”
“Floa said something about an immortal’s instincts and sex.” He suddenly realized. “It was confusing, but could you clarify?”
Kanade looked as him before making her finger glow and cast a green levitation spell. Her wings folded as she stood on an invisible barrier of air and sat Ethan also on it. It was disconcerting, but he stood strong.
Beneath the full moon, he didn’t need to use fire to see and could view that they were a good mile above the ground. The cool Scotland air was strong, but his leather clothes kept him warm enough and Kanade’s wool sweater and jeans kept her warm too. In a small southern voice she said “Immortals of Order breed more slowly than mortals. Nymphs have the fastest reproductive rate and can have a seed every year if they have a partner who beds them at the right moment. Pixies can have an egg once every decade at best if they have sex daily, Centaur may be lucky to have one in every five to ten, Ogress’ likely have one baby once a decade too, Gargoyles have a litter of four to six every fifty years and Nagai have clutches once a century. How many they have is up to chance. There are others, but you get where I’m goin’.” She put a hand over her chest. “Out of all immortals, my kind has the lowest birthrate of all since it’s near impossible to kill us. What Floa said actually means for we female immortals, our instincts to mate makes us more sexually active in the hopes we get that one brief moment to conceive in our long lives. The moment you broke my maidenhead my sex drive was awakened and will never relent. It is almost beyond our control once we find our true soul mates. Ethan, Nagai, Phoenix and Gargoyles go into heat when they are most fertile and naturally know when it’s time. I am in heat all the time, but am not fertile and won’t know when I will be until I lay our egg.”
“You make it sound painful?” He winced with uncertainty.
“Because it can be.” She was honest. “Especially for my kind. Yes, sex is fun and I can’t get enough of you, but for immortals, especially those who haven’t yet given birth, it is a physical need. I enjoy my thoughts and how you ravish me, but if we quit or were separated for a prolonged period I would quite literally go mad with lust till we rejoined.” She watched him gulp. “I would be unable to stop myself from trackin’ you down, rip off your clothes and quite literally rape you if we were separated for longer than two months. I would be sane for the first couple weeks and feel a great hunger grow with each passing day, but I would still be myself. Unfortunately I would lose even that soon enough till I had you in me and your seed filling my womb. Your seed is now a drug I can no longer live without the first time you spilled it in me. It’s not a joke. Without it, I would lose who I am. Oh, Ethan, I’m not tryin’ to frighten you, merely explain what you asked… Males do not feel the need as strongly for they desire couplin’ at all times, but we females require it. It is why I have difficulty lettin’ you go and why we can rarely have visitors when alone. My instincts to fill our nest with young are heightened whenever I see you and only add to what I already love. My favorite time is when you work hard and are covered in sweat I get to lick from your neck… Sorry, I got off topic.” She seemed to blush in the darkness. “I know I can let go of myself enough when you combust and are aroused by me. The instinct will never go away, but when we become parents I may be able to go half a year without couplin’ so long as our young one is still in the nest. I’ll return to the way I am right afterwards. I know this for my parents are difficult to be around and they like to share their more personal thoughts like our new friends. The instinct to breed young is in all women, but not as strongly as it is in mine. No other species will go completely mad like mine without their mate… that I know of.”
“I never realized.” He said slowly. “Kanade I promise to never allow you to go mad. You know I want a child between us and I’ll do my part gladly to see you don’t get hurt. But what I want to know is why you said you can ‘let go enough?’”
She finally giggled and drew her wings around him. “My Love, you know I cannot seriously injure another. You’ve felt my strength. It is greater than Amazonian, Centaur and Gargoyle combined. When we couple and share blissful release, if I could hurt you my legs would crush you together like warm butter, bones and all. I’m surprised I draw blood from scratchin’ your back every night, but my fingers don’t dig in your muscles.... Even without my inherent spiritual powers.” She added and heard the thought that crossed his mind and glared. “Never think that! You are mine! No toy or sex machine could ever do anythin’ to me. And nor will I try. You fill me completely as my soul mate only could… No I’m not fakin’. Not once did I ever! You need to know soul mates feel intimacy on levels others cannot comprehend and no woman enjoys fire swirlin’ around their man’s dick when it’s inside remotely like me, especially since there are no men like you anywhere. It makes release stronger for me actually and come much more strongly. You’ve seen what you do to me every night and I know how much you love how I quiver and my wings shake. I cannot consciously do that and I need no spell to reach orgasm like some Witches do with their small rodded mates. If only you could read my mind you would feel what you do to me as much as I love your mind when you feel and caress me.” She then lightly flicked his nose. “And you should also know my pussy responds to your size and grips you better than any human ever could. When you arouse me I respond and clamp so hard you can’t pull out till I relax. I know you’ve wondered how a woman of my greater stature could feel so tight.” She loved him more as he blushed and heard one of the many thoughts in his mind say ‘Kill me now, she wasn’t supposed to know. Crap, Ethan, stop thinking about it. She’s listening right now...’ he chastised himself. “Yes, I know. It is hard to resist my mate’s thoughts. But you should know this as well, while we are alone up here. There is a reason why my kind has this ability. Just like human men, males of my kind come in an array of sizes and females, since history began, molded to fit their soul mate so they could enjoy it to the very upmost. Some males are small, others so large it can hurt the female even with this innate physical trait. But the reason is so that no matter how large or small, we find orgasm completely and strongly every time. Size matters not in my kind. It would not matter if you were as small as a short human or a fifteen foot tall Enforcer with a baseball bat member, we females feel pleasure the same. Ethan, do not think yourself less of a man, but from the minds of other males, you are already larger than average, even for a human.”
Ethan was quiet for a minute before asking “Back to what you said about breaking me if you were able, does it hurt, holding back?”
Kanade threw he head back and laughed. “Much the opposite. The part of me that cannot harm actually makes things more excitin’. I feel my release lasts much longer because of it. And your fire that wraps us better than my wings also fills me with pleasure and warmth. Each flicker of the flame on my body heightens my love for you even more each time… Ah, well that thought is an entirely different matter.” She read as the thought crossed his mind. “When you release come in me, what you feel is my inner muscles taking your seed right into my womb. All women do it, but you feel me more clearly as my body will not allow one drop from bein’ lost… Yes, I’m aroused already… No, not yet. You promised a backrub first… Interestin’…” She grinned as his torrent of thoughts slammed shut and focused solely on an image. Kanade missed all this thoughts and felt at a loss, hating it, but the lone image sure made up for it. She licked her lips hungrily for it made her desire leap to the stars and continue mounting. “You better be able to pull that off or I’ll be mad.” She grabbed him and put his face between her breasts, canceled the spell with a thought and shot straight for the lone building on a small hill.
Their nest.
In seconds she landed, sat him down and realized she was neglecting an important issue. “I must visit the powder room first.”
“Is that a doggie door?” He pointed to the new hole at the bottom of their front door. The smaller metal door seemed cut in an eight by twelve inch panel and would lift from the upper hinge.
“Yes, for Panther.” She said and opened it up. “This mornin’ I made him an openin’ and an enchanted leather collar that will activate his need to leave the room should it get hotter than a hundred and twenty. We were lucky our lovemakin’ didn’t kill our pet. It’s for his own safety and won’t let him in till our room is safe to enter. I also bought a few toys for him. Blossom and I played with Panther till I heard you were… Never mind, I must go.”
She hurried straight to the bathroom and shut the door behind her.
Immediately after she shut the door Ethan spotted a six foot high fixed contraption covered in thick carpet. It had several small steps, two ledges, a small home in a hole which was filled with white blankets that could be used as a scratching post. One wall had hooks for cat toys, some were filled with streamers or small objects to pounce on. Over beside it was a cloth bag stuffed with fancy cat food.
She’s really going to spoil the cat. He thought.
“You bet I am.” She replied from behind the bathroom door. He smirked and brought the image back in his mind and heard her gasp and something metallic drop. “That wasn’t nice! Now I need to shower!” She declared heatedly. “I just splashed soap in my wings and you know they’ll itch. For punishment, you stay out there till I’m done… Ethan stop it!” He laughed as he shot her another, more erotic image. “No more! I’m done diggin’ in your head for now. I can’t concentrate, especially now that I’m thinkin’ about what you want. Incorrigible beast!”
‘Row.’ Came a sound and feeling as Panther came out from nowhere and began rubbing against his leg as all cats do when they want attention.
“Hey there. Has Kanade and Blossom been good today?” Ethan said as he bent over to scratch the feline behind the ears. Panther purred loudly as if in response.
A full stomach had Ethan feeling a bit sluggish so he took of his boots, socks and clothes, aside for his boxers. Dress spoke shortly and was so glad all turned out well. He took all the clothes, promised to have them clean by morning and disappeared, giving privacy.
Seeing the empty, messy bed proved Blossom and Panther played there otherwise it would be folded just the way Kanade liked it. He added a few logs to the fireplace, snapped his fingers to spark the tender and in seconds it was burning cheerfully.
At the bed, as soon as he sat down, weariness regained control while an overstuffed stomach demanded full attention.
Kanade dried her body and wings off somewhat from the shower’s dryers and felt excitement growing, forgoing drying completely as she knew a better way and she knew how much he liked her in such a state. She ginned and opened the bathroom door and her smile fell.
Over on the bed she found her love deeply asleep, sprawled out it surprised her. Upon his manly chest of reddish brown hair lay Panther curled up and purring loudly. Panther looked content as if he owned Ethan and gave her an appraising look before grooming a paw and wiping an ear.
Disappointment lasted only moments till she felt he hid his tiredness well enough to fool her. She wanted to have her way and enjoy his pleasures, but she saw how relaxed and content he was and decided to make sure he’d make up for it tomorrow. She brushed a strand of his auburn hair aside and kissed his temple to whisper “Sweet dreams, My Angel.” Then she looked at the content kitty. “And you mister are in a dangerous place to be lounging. Sometimes when he sleeps he starts a fire.” Panther ignored her as any cat would. “Fine. Don’t hiss at me if your tail catches fire and I have to throw a bucket of cold water on you.” She skillfully crawled into bed without disturbing her love and snuggled up before throwing the blanket around them along with her wing till all three were together. Panther didn’t seem to mind and she too found sleep fast approaching now that all the worry of the whole day was released. Kanade buried her face in the curve of his neck and let his smoky scent finish her off.

“Wake up, Lover!” She demanded.
Ethan’s eyes shot open as she roused him and he could barely think with her straddling him in her underclothes. Her body was moist, as if she just got out of the shower and she felt him respond approvingly. “Wha…”
“You’ve slept long enough. It’s mornin’ and I’m not lettin’ you out of this bed…” Kanade quirked a smile. “Least not till you make it up to me.”
“Fell asleep didn’t I?” She nodded and fluffed her wings in anticipation. “I take it Panther is outside?”
“Under protest, but I want my husband and won’t hold back any longer. Those images you left me with were hauntin’ my dreams and I want to see if you’re capable.” Her golden eyes were darker with intense desire.
“Kanade, are you alright?”
She blinked. “Remember last night’s conversation?” Ethan nodded, unable to ever forget. “Well we missed yesterday and I feel the gnawing desire much more strongly and know that it’s real. After our first matin’ sealed our bond, we’ve not been apart so long and I’m ready to go. I didn’t know the hunger to couple would already be so strong. Probably because I’m head over heels in love, but I’ll not take no for an answer by lettin’ you out of this bed.” Her eyes widened as he smiled and burst into flames which physically manifested in his desire for her. “Good!” She swooned as the flames grew around her and closed her eyes to enjoy it. His Spirit Energy of fire dried her instantly and thanks to her gold necklace she was well protected. If it were a natural fire she would have been burned alive.
For payment she took him in her mouth and worked him to her liking till the vortex around it was a blur of male desire before hopping and moaning as her lower lips consumed it’s favorite meal.
Ethan growled and took her for the ride of her life by spinning her around and massaging her back while pleasuring her. He heard her moan “Sonofabitch! You can!” Her hips rocking back in perfect timing to each thrust.

Kanade lay curled up and felt completely exhausted like melted butter. All day she got what she wanted and Ethan was more than up to the challenge and filled her every need and more till blissful satisfaction chafed. She smiled as she pulled the sheet up over her naked body and watched Ethan get out of bed “Where are you goin’?” She was so exhausted she could barely lift a wing yet he could still move, if a bit less fluidly than usual and dozens more bloody scratches on his back he wiped off with a long towel. She watched his muscles ripple and wanted more, even in her exhausted state. She couldn’t get enough, even with her body protesting a needed break.
“I need to visit Morgane. She said to come by today and if I don’t get going now, you will pounce on me again.”
“You know you can’t get enough either.” She declared, revealing a thigh.
“Ain’t that the truth!” Ethan chuckled and was grateful Dress already set aside a set of clothes. “I never knew how insatiable you were till today. It’s a good thing I’m no longer under Blake’s mandatory tutelage… Eternity’s looking pretty good if today is any indication.”
“I might as well fly you over. We can have more fun in my office.” She groaned as she got out of bed and headed for the shower to quickly brush out her hair and saw her cheeks heavily flushed. Her glittery skin glowed more than usual. “I like what you do to me. Sex seems to make me prettier.”
“Happy to oblige.” He chuckled.
She came out and dressed quickly as he opened the door to see Panther lounging on the railing, reclined as content as any cat could be in the falling sunlight. She slid into a pair of sneakers and realized she hadn’t fed the feline and opened a can of food hastily. Panther’s ears perked and knowing the sound, rushed inside the room meowing hungrily. “I know and I’m sorry! It’s tuna and beef from the choicest cuts. It’s my apology.” She said quickly and heard ‘Row.’ as if he were annoyed. “Well I can’t help it I love my husband so much I forgot about you. Here!” She sat the plate down and watched him go to town.
“You talk as if he’s going to answer you.” Ethan chuckled as he leaned against the door and watched her shrug. “Being from Florida I’m still not used to the sun setting so early. A Scotland winter is going to be brutal. The one thing I’m looking forward to is skiing those mountains to the northeast.”
“I haven’t skied in years! We can rent a cabin from the Preserver Nymphs and get away for a week or two, just the two of us or pay a Pixie to send us anywhere in the world as a getaway.”
“After Floa’s wedding of course. Knowing her, she’ll occupy your time soon.”
“Of course.” Kanade grinned at his save before she got ahead of herself. “Tomorrow I’ll get started on it. The event will be larger than Blossom’s arrival celebration. All of hers and his children, family and friends will likely be comin’. Probably a few hundred thousand at least. Still, Odin and Floa deserve it and it’ll be the weddin’ to remember… if it will be a Pixie weddin’ of her choosin’.” Kanade grinned as she glided to the door, feeling every joint in her body had become unhinged from the amazing exercises she’s endured and gave all day. “I’m just glad our union and marriage doesn’t require festivities and we could spend all the extra energy on somethin’ more productive.”
“Procreating?” He said in a husky tone.
“Better believe it, Darlin’!” She laughed while quickly folding the bed before leaving and shut the door behind her, wrapped her arm around him and flew.
Soon after, the aerial journey of intimate embrace had to come to an end. Kanade aligned her flight and expanded her wings to gently land on her balcony. What was once her bedroom was now a second office. Her new home was ideal to enchant Celestia’s and Ethan’s weapons and armor, but her office here was for everyone else who could afford her spells to permanently enchant objects. Her great wingspan folded behind her as Ethan touched the opening rune keyed to himself and her alone and watched as the door slid open.
“Hey, Girlfriend!” Kanade was tackled lightly from behind, on the back of her neck. Floa landed as she changed to her larger size while Blossom missed her own tackle and instead got lost down between Kanade’s breasts.
“You okay, Sweetheart?” Kanade asked as she pulled the front of her shirt forward to find the green child tangled from the front clasp of her purple bra, grinning up at her.
“Fine, Auntie Kanna!” Blossom reported as she scrunched her small face and flapped her black, gold and white butterfly wings and flew out of the shirt to drop in her mother’s hand.
“We still need to work on your flying.” Floa said lovingly to her youngest daughter and looked at her tall friend. “Wow, Girl, you’re more flushed than I’ve ever seen you!” Then she noticed Ethan’s exhausted expression and grinned. “Good for you too, Boy! Put it to her good by the look of it.”
Both Ethan and Kanade groaned and it made Floa only grin more and make Blossom touch her tiny lips with complete confusion.
Ethan decided to change the subject quickly. “What can we do for you this evening, Ladies?”
“Well I need to spend time with Kanade and plan my wedding…”
“I was actually plannin’ to get started tomorrow…” Kanade interrupted and was interrupted right back.
“Nonsense! We can get a few brainstorming ideas done while Ethan goes see Morgane.” Floa’s bright violet eyes turned to him. “That’s really why I’m here. She was sending me to go find you and I saw the two of you heading this way. She wanted to remind you that you need to see her.”
“Haven’t forgot.” He said. “That’s why we are here and not back home.”
“And I have a few orders to complete.” Kanade added.
“Then he can go and we can get started. I know you can multitask better than anyone else, Girlfriend.” Floa added.
“Fine…” Kanade sighed and smiled to her mate. “Go on ahead. We’ll be here waitin’.” She then flicked her wrist and there appeared a silvery sheet of paper with client lists while she looked over by the wall where packages waited and also Dress had delivered more objects from different Houses that requires an experienced Enchanter’s skills and not a novice’s.
It was a rather hefty pile.
“See you beautiful ladies soon.” Ethan said as he headed for the door.
“Not too soon!” Floa shouted as he was shutting the door and herd his deep chuckle. “You two certainly make a cute couple.”
“Thank you, Floa.” Kanade felt immense pride at the compliment. “Shall we?”
“Let’s!” The Pixies took a chair while the Enchantress took hers, grabbed the foremost item on her list and began fulfilling a clients request to charm a ring to detect a lower class Agas demon within fifty feet and be able to keep from being caught in an illusion.

Elevators opened and the kind Ogress smiled and pointed “The High Witch is expecting you, Ethan.”
“Thank you, Ma’am.” He said and watched her powder blue cheeks darken in a blush.
He walked around and found a simple door made completely of pure silver and the walls, like most on these upper areas, were made from white marble. The door had a starburst pattern and around it were hundreds of protective runes, but didn’t have a door handle. Ethan just knocked.
Ethan yelped in surprise as Merlin’s head popped through the door and around his neck the silver door rippled like water. The silver haired, azure eyed wizard cracked a full grin as he said “Hello Chap! My wife’s been waiting. Come ON in!” Merlin’s head pulled back as his body walked through the once solid door and offered a hand. “Sorry for the fright… Well not really.” The High Wizard laughed loudly.
Taking the offering, Ethan was helped to stand and learned the wily old wizard, with the look of a man in his mid forties, was deceptively strong behind a slim figure. “Should’ve known you’d do something like that. Sure keep everyone on their toes.”
Merlin cackled and slapped his own thigh. “Someone has to keep all you muscle-bound giants from taking life too seriously. Come on in!” the wizard touched the door, grabbed Ethan’s wrist and threw him through.
Giant’s? have I gotten taller again. I remember I was six foot when I died and already grew three inches. Is this natural? He thought worriedly. Months of exercise and practice in fighting allowed Ethan from tripping, but still he stumbled through the door before catching himself. Behind, Merlin laughed.
The room of the High Witch and Wizard was beyond impressive. Not only was it huge, but filled with rows of journals where one wall had the titles etched in stone saying ‘Merlin’ and ‘Morgane.’ There were thousands of hand written journals from both. One area had over four hundred feet of cabinets filled with potions, some in bulk and others in concentrated vials. Another area had a glowing blue dome that crackled with the sound of electricity and was two hundred feet wide as it is tall. One large area held racks and shelves of mystical items of unknown purpose. Objects floated all over the room in seemingly random order, but not one thing collided. The oddest thing flying above his head was their lavish four post bed. Over by their journals was a set of desks where papers were stacked beside advanced computers. Dress was nearby on the expansive carpet and smiled in greeting. Oddly enough, Ethan didn’t feel the room was all that cluttered compared to all outward appearances of Merlin. So it’s Morgane’s doing. Ethan thought otherwise there would be no order to the mess.
But Ethan first blurted “How can your room be so huge when this part of the building hasn’t anywhere near this much space?”
“Because space is being manipulated, Love.” Morgane Le Fay said in a heavy English accent as she came out from behind one of the huge glass cabinets, that held untold potions, with a book under her slender arm. Her long curly red hair was braided and the rope hung across a shoulder and over her front and she walked with confidence only a woman of great power ever could. “Merlin and I devised this spell centuries ago and whenever we need more bloody room we just increase our space to accommodate. No need to be frightened. There are many spells that protect the space alteration from failing. If all does there is an automatic spell which would transport all inanimate objects somewhere safe so we do not get compressed by everything.” She sat her book down to say “Come closer and Merlin, don’t bloody frighten the child so.”
“Where’s the fun in that?!” the wily wizard grinned and blinked to a different mental channel. “Damn, forgot to stop my last experiment!” Merlin then ran and leapt into the cackling blue dome. Not five seconds later there came a loud ‘Boom!’ which rattled the whole room.
“Merlin!” Ethan yelled and went to run over.
“My husband is safe.” Morgane said with calm confidence. “You would not believe what that fool of mine could live through. He might be as insane as many believe, but he is High Wizard for a reason. Besides, I would know when he’s truly harmed. That barrier just keeps his meddling from destroying my potions. Some are quite fragile and he knows what’s good for him should he break any of my works.”
“Only a truly terrifying woman could make him do anything and fear her.”
Morgane beamed. “It is good you see me so. That man sure tests my patience, but I love him dearly. Please come over so I may check on you.”
Ethan did so and watched as she used magic to bring over a simple wooden chair as she sat in her plush chair at her desk. He took the seat she dropped three feet before her.
The High Witch placed a manicured fingernail in the center of his forehead and lightly traced a series of runes on his brow. A slight tingling sensation began forming on his head and flowed into him. “The spell I casted upon you will take a few moments to run its course and fully diagnose any lingering pathogens or toxins in your body. The luminescent flower you spoke to the council of isn’t deadly, but I need to make sure the Kitsune didn’t leave any surprises that will take root in you. I cannot tell much over the obvious fact that you and your mate have recently been intimate.”
“Speaking of, what is the news on that first front?” He said to change the subject. Ethan still found it odd everyone in the House could talk of sex so easily. Personally he felt they were teasing him and Kanade. But old people told it like it is, no longer caring about what others believe.
“After you left and council settled from Odin and Floa’s announcement, Thor contacted us to say the Kitsune and his human mother left the hospital and ultimately disappeared.”
“But I never said anything of his mother!” Ethan blurted before he could shut up and flushed greatly as he just confirmed who was saved.
Morgane smiled patiently, expecting his outburst. “We know, especially we mothers on the council. Our maternal instincts knew the Kitsune did it for a woman from how you spoke up for this Tokala. Do not think we can’t figure this out without you or verify all facts thoroughly. Everyone on the council has centuries of experience to draw upon, Ethan. We were confirmed as one of our Nymphs dressed as a doctor had learned a woman on death’s door with pancreatic, stage four cancer just suddenly awoke fully healed and came out of a drug induced coma. By the time our operative learned the woman had a loving and loyal son who had been gone a few days instead of being there in her final hours… well, we aren’t that unobservant. Thor went personally to the room where the woman was being examined with her son nearby and found they were merely illusions and learned they were seen leaving hours earlier. By then the trail was cold and Thor had no alternative except to call the hunt to an end.”
“Must be pretty mad?” Ethan asked as he felt the spell invisibly working its way down his abdomen.
“Most certainly. Thor is quick to anger, especially when his enemy slips through his fingers not once but twice. Still, he gets over it rather swiftly as well.” The High Witch explained with an ageless calm. “Nevertheless, he won’t hold it for long since there is so much to do than expend resources on someone so powerful and who is no longer a high priority threat at the moment…”
“Love, may I raid your stash of Limmian seeds?” Merlin said as he stepped through the barrier and brushed off the ashy remains from his blue shirt and black jeans. “The mixing ratio was out of balance with Cereeme sap.”
“You’re more than welcome to it. I have a new shipment coming in next week from the Sixteenth House’s grove.” She said and watched him leave humorously for Merlin’s eyebrows were singed off.
Ethan found it impossible to contain his laughter, but he controlled enough to not burst out in hysterics. Morgane’s lips barely quirked, but her twinkling green eyes told she was finding it difficult as well. Merlin didn’t pay any attention as he carried a small white bag and reentered his dome.
When the tingle reached his toes and vanished out came a ball of blue magic from his forehead.
Instantly, Morgane plucked the inch wide magic out of the air and rolled it in her fingers. “Quite interesting. You are… extremely healthy.”
“The way you said that was very disturbing. What is interesting?”
Her sharp green eyes leveled on him as she held up the ball of light. “I’ve never seen a diagnostic so pure outside of being a Witch or Wizard right after a purge. If I didn’t know any better I would swear you were one of us. One of the magic born. You should have many non-harmful toxins accumulated since birth from foods, drinks and sickness and maybe two or three bad, but this” She looked at the entirely clear blue magic marble. “says you hold no viruses or toxins in your body whatsoever. We who can cast, can purge our bodies of harmful diseases and toxins and aside from powerful talismans or expensive potions, you should not be so healthy as what this is showing. I feel you might have some minor magical potential like Odin and a few others, but neither can I sense you’ve purged your own whole system.
“What I did to you when you were under Kira Penbrooke’s influence merely took out any mind altering potions is nothing compared to the yearly purge Casters do to remain fit.” Morgane’s lips pursed in an adorable way as she thought. “As I said, quite interesting. The only likely reason for this is you being a Fire Elemental or you’ve somehow got the strongest immune system ever recorded in a human. Nothing inside you will likely ever do harm… Ask your beloved if she’s been spelling you all the time. Only her kind can purge another’s body with magic alone.” The orb disappeared and she stood. He followed. “Everything’s in order, Ethan. I know you are a busy man, but one day I would like to ask for you to be studied of this phenomenon. The research could be invaluable, so long as it’s not Kanade’s work. When you see her, ask. Tell Dress to allow this if you agree and it’s not a Guide’s meddling.”
“Dress,” Ethan looked at the golden face. “can you ask Kanade about this real quick and relay what she says?”
“One moment.” Dress winked and took a full minute of silence before saying “Kanade says she hasn’t put a single body spell on Ethan and the white gold bands on his wrist and his leather armor cannot do what you’ve discussed and she further says for Ethan to say yes. Neither did she know of this innate ability.”
“Alright then.” Morgane said and turned to her guest. “I’m quite busy for the next few months so this research will have to wait. We can set up a date as soon as my schedule allows, Love.”
“Sounds good. We’ll also have to discover if I’m even capable of doing spells. For right now I’m also busy, especially since Kanade will need some help with Odin’s and Floa’s wedding.” He waved goodbye and moved to the door. “Uh, how to I get out?” Ethan said as he rubbed his hand on the solid silver door.
Morgane simply snapped her fingers while she was writing feverously on paper.
The door became mildly transparent and he stepped through.





Chapter 16

The door to her office opened and Ethan stepped through. Kanade sat down an ancient stone tablet she was working on and Floa ceased talking. “Is what Dress said true?”
“That Morgane says I’m healthier than a horse and might be able to cast spells? Maybe you should give me a second opinion.” He scratched his head under her intense gaze while she stayed seated and had a pile of finished objects on a nearby table she had enchanted.
“I was just about to do that.” Her golden gaze softened. “Come and sit beside Floa.”
“Alright.” He crossed the short distance and watched the Pixie scoot over on the sofa and spread her fixed wings flat against the back. He sat, but didn’t lean into them, knowing that the scales of her wings were difficult to brush out of clothing. Kanade sat in a gigantic office chair with a desk between them and leaned forward, extending a dainty hand and pressed her soft finger to his forehead and lightly traced runes. The tingling feeling she gave off was tenfold more intense and vibrated his body instantly before a clear blue orb no larger than a marble popped from his head and it took his breath away. “Holy shit… Wow, Kanade, Morgane did the same but it took time.”
“Difference of power, Love.” She boasted proudly and took a close look at what she held between her fingers. “Amazin’, Morgane is correct about you bein’ clean.”
“Then why didn’t you do it before and have her…?” Ethan didn’t know how to finish those thoughts.
With a heated twinkle in her eye Kanade said “Other things were on my mind.” and winked while closely examining the orb with her finely attuned senses. “My Angel, too much magic is harmful to the human body and if I did all the spells I wanted to, well let’s just say me bein’ your mate would be harmful and would endanger you. I’ve had to restrain myself because my power to cast spells is too great and effortless. Witches can hold less risk and casters need to purge themselves of more than just toxins. They cleanse themselves of too much magic inside their body. If I did three spells on you, Ethan, you would be extremely sick.”
“Casting runes has risks.” Floa added. “Not for Kanade of course, but magic done to the body can be potentially life threatening, especially to those who cannot fight against it or use it themselves… Girlfriend, you surprise me. If I had the ability I would constantly cast runes on Odin to see what makes him tick. Or at least to make his pecker not stay perpetually hard for hours on end.”
The orb vanished. “Then it is good for Pixies as a whole seem to have issues with being a bit spontaneous.” Floa stuck out her pink tongue and laughed. “Now let’s see if you are capable of castin’.” She returned to her mate and closed her eyes and gently expanded her awareness and encompassed her mate. Her head tilted, making her blue hair swish slightly. “A very faint spark… How could I ever have missed that before? Morgane is right, you do have the potential to minor in magic. You won’t be able to match a wizard, but you do have it.”
“Missed it?” Floa raised an eyebrow skeptically. “I find that hard to believe. Even those who have a minor talent to use magic are easily found and are always in great need.”
“That is what makes this so confusin’!” Kanade sighed and opened her eyes. “Ethan, remember when Fate had you hold that glass orb?” He nodded, unable to ever forget that encounter. “It showed fire only. There was only the power of an elemental…”
“That is concerning.” Came a particular voice and heads turned to find a blonde haired, blue eyed All American teenager in a black business suit leaning against the door that led to the balcony. His clear skin almost glowed it was so unblemished and so intense was his gaze that it was ancient, belying the youthful appearance.
“Lord Fate!” Kanade yelped in surprise and stood, bowing quickly. Floa and Ethan following immediately after.
“Couldn’t help overhearing this latest development.” Fate said without moving from the door while the three held position. “Raise your heads.” They did. “Ethan, come here.”
The Elemental swallowed, suddenly fearful at the tone the powerful being used, but didn’t deny him. Ethan passed Floa and saw Kanade’s wings shaking and showed she was also afraid. The movement helped find an inner calm thanks to all of Blake’s meditative lessons and he approached the deceptive being before him.
Fate then lifted a hand and there suddenly appeared the glass orb and he tossed it over. Ethan caught it out of reflex and its interior became a cheery fire and seemed marginally larger than it had been, but now there was tiny white flickers of light circling around the flame. Fate then snapped his fingers and it vanished. “Still you surprise me, Boy.” Sounding odd coming from the boyish appearance. “Somehow you’ve got a talent I didn’t give and never before has there ever been an Elemental capable of using magic.”
“Then how…”
The great being shrugged. “That is what I want to know. Hold still.”
Ethan suddenly went rigid.
Kanade shrieked “Ethan!” and ran to his side. His skin tinted mottled red and his muscles bulged all over, but he didn’t move. “Lord Fate, you’re killin’ him!” Tears flowed instantly as she could feel the power swirling invisible around the room and she was suffocating in it.
“Be silent, Kanade Cerulean, he will survive, I just need to make sure of something. He is not conscious or feeling any pain.” Fate said with calmness without moving from his relaxed position on the metal door.
The Enchantress sent her own power out of reflex and found Ethan’s emotions dim, as if he slept, but his heart continued to beat despite Fate’s power suffusing and filling every part of him. Then it receded and Ethan’s strained muscles relaxed and he stumbled, but Kanade reacted quickly and held him before collapsing.
“What just happened? Feel like I just ran a marathon.”
Fate pushed off the door and tilted his head. “You are quite the conundrum, Mr. Volorum. Despite being an Elemental you suddenly have the ability to cast spells that Wizards can and I cannot find where such a gift sprung from. You were not bestowed such power beyond that of an Fire Elemental due to your personality, but you do have it nonetheless. You have no parentage of Wizard or Witch in your blood and that makes this more unbelievable.” Fate sat on his heels as Ethan knelt, unable to stand after what just happened. Fate intense blue eyes bore into Ethan’s grey like some new test subject rather than of anger. “But how you’ve been granted it is a mystery beyond me and your lifetime of thoughts prove you do not know either.” He read Ethan’s thoughts. “No, the Crescent Mirror didn’t do it and yes I’m quite upset, but not half as much as my father will be when he realizes she is gone. And no, I don’t care if you like me so long as you respect me, which I know you do… No again. This isn’t because I’ve taken my hand from your choices though to have grown several inches beyond what you were is also irritating for you were written to be six foot, not six three. There are many I’ve allowed free reign, but never has someone suddenly spontaneously found they have the minor skill to cast magics without mine, my father’s or demonic influence and you have not a trace from any which makes this unbelievable… No, mating your soul mate hasn’t done this. I just had to see for myself if you’ve become a threat, but you haven’t. You remain human, untainted by demons.”
“Could demons give someone magic? And what would of happened if I was?”
Fate admired the determination and twinge of anger rolling off Ethan. “Yes, but humans who were given these unnatural powers soon become addicted to doing spells, slowly poisoning their souls and soon become a demonic puppet beyond redemption. A demon called a Zalab can do this, gift false magic. And if you were tainted I would have had you killed and your soul taken before it was too corrupted. As it stands, I can find nothing wrong. Nor do I know from where it came and it is… frustrating.”
Taking a chance, Ethan asked while grunting to stand “If I was, where will my soul have been sent? Nothingness?”
“Possibly.” Fate spoke honestly as he stood in a fluid movement. “Your deeds and actions have been progressing smoothly and hasn’t assured Nothingness as it once was four months prior. You still have much to do before I can assure you without doubt on where your final resting place will be.”
With those words Fate simply disappeared.
Floa sighed loudly, not realizing she was holding her breath the entire time. She watched as Kanade cried silently while wrapping Ethan in an embrace along with her supple wings and laid her head atop his. “Girlfriend, I need to go. We’ll work on the wedding later, I need to leave. All the power in the room is too much and it tastes too sweet even for me.” She clapped her hands and departed with Blossom before a response even had time to formulate.
A minute later Ethan pulled away and she reluctantly allowed him. “Kanade, I need some time to process this alone. I’ll see you later tonight.”
“Good.” She wiped her tears away on the sleeve of her arm. “A little work will do us both some good. Lord Fate frightened me the way he took over you. If it were anyone else, that much power would have killed you.”
“Tonight then.” She bent down and met his lips. He smiled through a massive migraine and felt worse than nursing a hangover that frayed the senses. “See you soon.” He waved and walked away. As he shut the door he watched Kanade slump in her chair heavily.
Down on the main floor he saw quite a few were readying for supper, but his appetite was long gone so he made a beeline for the Ogre hall and followed the darkening corridor, waving to those who called out greetings. They could see things weighed heavily on his mind and wished to be left alone so they kindly kept a fair distance.
Outside, darkness had fallen almost completely and it helped clear his head along with dulling the headache. Fresh air and a long walk did wonders. When the castle made its odd chime Ethan returned greetings to those who were hurrying for dinner and preparing for the night watch.

It felt only moments before he heard the familiar sounds of metal striking metal and saw his home. He decided the walk was wasn’t enough to get Fate’s unexpected arrival and revelations out of his mind and quickened his pace.
At the bedroom door he was greeted by Panther as the cat came out through the doggie door. Panther greeted Ethan with a ‘Meow’ and a purr and was rewarded with a quick scratch. “Yes, I’m back.” He then opened the door and went straight to his desk to grab his protective safety glasses and earplugs. Panther though followed and climbed his new framework by the door, to the top shelf, and settled down and stared with elliptical eyes and alert ears before yawning. “Later, Panther!” Ethan said as he walked through the door and inserting his left earplug.
He effortlessly navigated the short stone hall and descended the steps, hearing the reverberating and comforting ring and rhythm of metal on metal.
The downstairs door opened to reveal it fully lit with Celestia burning over by the huge anvil, shaping a buckler, a small forearm shield. It was perfectly round, a foot wide and would later be fitted with a six inch spike in the center. The Phoenix jerked her head around and fixed Ethan with profound green eyes and bluntly said “Get your feathers ruffled, Boy?”
“That obvious?” He chuckled and grabbed the metal tablet and ignited his hand to change the Phoenix script to English and found his next assignment. He sat it down and moved to the rack and pulled down a pair of four digit gauntlets only a female Nagai could wear. He came over to the furnace and set them inside to warm up while he stretched inside among the flames to lift a long handled dagger and found it glowing an angry red. He personally felt mild warmth, as if it had been out in the sun. If not for his powers as an Elemental it would have melted his skin and bones, but it didn’t even sting or sizzle in his grasp.
He grabbed a heavy hammer and moved to his side of the anvil and looked up at the giant fire bird and watched her watching him patiently. “What is it you wish to know?”
“You are my apprentice, I wish to know everything, especially about the past two days of your missing and why you have a new pet? I almost ate it when I woke up and if not for that collar, it wouldn’t have escaped me. Your female spelled it to flee from fire no?” Celestia asked as she folded her wings while holding a similar large hammer between three strong fingers.
“She did, as far as I know.” He admitted and sighed. He raised he hammer and began flattening the blade and folding it all the while explaining all that transpired over the past few days. Celestia was curious to see his new tattoo Blake placed on the nape of his neck and she said it wasn’t tacky and looked well on him. Ethan used his powers to heat the weapon being forged or sustained it in its final shaping during his speech in searching for the sword and mirror. Celestia continued working on the buckler and set it on the nearest rack to cool slowly before pulling a rapier from the heated forge.
By the time he ended his story he etched in a customer design into either side of the slightly golden blade. It looked like crashing waves on a beach and manipulated the heat inside by drawing it into himself and held the weapon up. “Celestia, how does this look?”
The Forgemaster carefully peered at the work and nodded “Superb craftsmanship, Ethan. You’ve a knack for artistry. Your High School days in art and love of graphic novels show. The guard here is very sturdy and curved like the break of an ocean’s wave.”
“I’m just glad I finally found a use to apply it finally. You already know I minored in art while majoring in computer business. My ability to make my own comics never really went anywhere.”
Celestia handed back the long handled dagger, that has yet to be bound in leather and wood for a hilt. “Add your maker’s mark beside mine to show I approve. Tomorrow it will be sharpened properly and its sheathe will arrive. Have you already…”
“Yes.” He answered her next question. “Made sure I used the lathe to fashion a wooden hilt and precut leather from storage.” Celestia nodded and watched as he picked up hers and his maker pins. Both were made of metal, cylindrical, five inches in length and only the thicker end had a slightly round edge. The more narrowed front had a Phoenix in light at no larger than a half inch for Celestia’s mark and Ethan’s was a simple flame and tiny letters EV inside it standing for Ethan Volorum. He hammered their marks side by side, put them away and reheated the dagger one last time, but only till it faintly glowed and put it all away.
He retrieved the now glowing gauntlets and took up a different hammer, one with a more rounded head. He was about to begin hammering when Celestia said “Ethan, tomorrow I would…”
Whatever she was about to say was cut short by a piercing wail-like siren he had never heard before now. It was loud and startling enough he dropped his hammer and jumped away from the anvil. Its initial sound dimmed only slightly, enough for him to yell as Celestia has stuck a finger in her ear holes. “What is that sound!?”
She yelled back and he barely heard her through the sound and his earplugs. “A War Summons! There is an emergency in need of all First House warriors! Go!” She pointed to the door that leads upstairs. “Hurry! All active warriors are summoned to war!”
Ethan didn’t question as he shot for the door and ran upstairs to find Dress spitting out his leather pants and jacket. He pulled out the earplugs and removed his glasses to find the sound had diminished and realized the sound came from the walls themselves. He yelled less loudly as he slid into his jacket “Dress, what is happening?”
The closet doors shut fully and Dress said in complete seriousness “The thirty eighth house in Argentina is under siege. It’s stone walls were just breached and all warriors are summoned to defend it before the shields fail. Be quick, Floa will arrive in several seconds to retrieve you.” Ethan hurriedly untied his boots, took off his jeans and jumped into his spelled leathers. “Reports are coming in, but it seems like the former wizard Michael Zing and now necromancer is committing to a full war with that nearest house closest to his lair. All fifty houses are alerted and coming to the thirty eighth…”
“Really?”
“Really.” Dress said flatly. “I’m currently seeing millions of demons attacking and the defenders are falling fast. The necromancer hasn’t been idle and has allied other demon masters to his side. I count over three hundred dragons, half being greater demons of awesome power. Elves, Goblins, Arachne, Siren, Incu and Succubai, Harpy, Ghoul, Weres, Kelpies… practically every race of demons there are are tearing their way past defenses and if aid isn’t there in time we’ll lose that house in the next ten minutes. If the magic protection fails, which it will from the barrage of dragon fire, many will die for none can leave through Translocation anymore and flyers will be picked off before they get a mile out. Your power will be needed Ethan.”
There came a hurried knock before Floa and Kanade surged in. He zipped his jacket as Kanade said “Be safe and come home soon.”
“We don’t have time!” Floa yelled and clapped her hands.
Ethan found himself beside Floa in the main hall where Blake, Storm-shadow, Kira, Magnus, Nell and Ellen stood. Every warrior in the house stood with weapons drawn, most didn’t even have time to put on their heavy armor, Magnus and Storm-shadow included, but leathers were on. Gra’s voice blasted through the TV’s and showed she rode an unarmored Star-bolt “One minute before the barrier fails! Go!”
Floa looked to her teammates as Ethan jumped into Storm-shadow’s saddle and strapped in. “Good luck, all of you!” And then clapped.

Translocated to Argentina, Ethan found himself outside where the sun was out and his jaw dropped.
All around him hundreds of thousands of warriors who stood with ready weapons. Wizards and Witches were writing in the air furiously, readying themselves for battle. Weapons enchanted were glowing with power. At the front stood Thor in his full maximum height of close to a hundred and thirty feet, Jormungandr coiled up at his side with fangs dripping with venom. Odin flew on Pegasus’ back shooting blue-white lances of energy from Gungnir barbed tip. The battle raged so much the ground shook violently and only daily training kept all the warriors from stumbling. Despite the fighting and immense power, Odin, Thor and a hundred other great warriors unleashed, no demons fell for they too were protected by some barrier of invisible magic outside the house’s.
At the edge of the green field Ethan and his team found themselves in they saw one huge brown dragon spewing a torrent of fire while others beat against the barrier, some spewing liquids so vile looking Ethan knew just a single touch would be a disaster. In the sky flew flocks of Harpy and other flying demons, some holding smaller demons in their talons to attack and further weaken the barrier.
Not for the first time had Ethan felt fear, but what he saw now gave it a whole new definition. Even before he could react, not that he wasn’t frozen in fear already, Storm-shadow said “Hold on!” and charged ahead while flapping his wings. Other Pegesai were already air born and other arrivals quickly took to the sky. Gargoyles were also present and a bulk waited nearby more with the dragons since they were obviously the greater threat and Gargoyle hide was made to be tough enough.
Attacks shot from either side, trying to wear down the other’s defenses, but sheer numbers alone made the difference and all could see that at any moment the barrier of Order would be the first to buckle.
“Just like in practice, Ethan.” Storm-shadow coached. “It is you and me. My herd knows to stay away. We take out the fliers and leave our ground forces to handle the foot soldiers. One hand on the horn at all times. Leave flying to me and you take out everyone else.”
Before he could respond there was a loud crash like shattering glass as the barrier buckled and flashed blue. A great roar of battle cries grew and demons charged from all directions.
A roar ripped from Ethan’s chest as his adrenaline and anger surfaced. Storm-shadow snorted and charged as he was surrounded in Ethan’s protective flames.
Down on the ground Kira aimed her hands at an incoming wave of swift and hairy Goblins and fanged Kelpie. Her magical needles fired like bullets beside thousands of arrows from every archer.
Blake, like all blade wielding Nagai sped to the front lines and caused total devastation, unafraid of friendly fire as all archers never loosed an arrow without complete certainty their target would fall. Fighting with the Nagai were Centaur, Ellen at Blake’s side with her two claymores as she stomped flat a Goblin’s head with her front hooves while splitting another two in range apart at the middle.
Amazons tore into the heavier opponents, one picked up a Keplie over her head, dug her fingers in its flesh to break its spine and threw it fifty feet into a packed group of Succubai, gold skin beauties in scandalous attire like a dominatrix who carried wicked whips or belts.
Ogres protected the archers and casters with their life, helping to thwart incoming Elvin and Arachne arrows and demonic missiles.
Right off the bat a Harpy shot straight at Ethan as she shrieked “Die, Order Scum!” Her red eyes were solid, no distinguishable iris, pupil or whites. it seemed blood saturated the large orbs. Silvery wings flapped while chicken-like talons were outstretched, ready to snatch him off. A too tight tube top and short shorts did little to the imagination on what lay beneath while pale yellow hair dyed black whipped behind the incoming enraged demon. The closeness of the Harpy proved she wasn't entirely hideous, seemed to have bathed in cottoncandy and cigarettes though her voice... her voice? That smell? Can’t be!
Such a voice instantly came to recall a memory, a screeching voice that was shrill and filled with snide contempt. Storm-shadow flipped backwards at Ethan's command as he yelled out “SHERRY!”
Caught completely off guard the Harpy faltered in her assault. Her cruel, smoker’s voice hesitated “How do you know my name?” and he saw her talons dripping in great quantities with fresh blood from a serious kill.
“Now it makes sense! Only a demon could be so entirely cruel to her workers.” For some reason he remembered how her eyes flashed red from what seemed an eternity ago when she fired and humiliated him. “Lardo?” she asked in confusion as so few humans she’d tormented made any impression. He made a minor one if she remembered such a voice and couldn’t believe the transformation and it made her blood eyes widen beyond the normal. She was now afraid, rightly so. Before she could recover he held out a hand saying “Never again!” and blasted her full in the face from over fifty feet away. She didn’t even manage a scream before falling to the ground in a smoking heap of flesh and charred feathers.
As he watched, he felt content that it was his one unresolved issue and with her gone, he was free for but a moment till he returned to remember the war waging all around. And the sky was alive with combat while the ground forced swarmed.
Ethan soon became a huge beacon for demons, especially the brown Dragon from earlier after it tore apart a dozen Gargoyles while suffering minimal injuries. His fire alone was too flashy to go unnoticed. Storm-shadow flew them to the thickest group of fliers and kept as far away from the Dragon that pursued as possible. Twice already Ethan learned a Drone didn’t hurt the dragon who was also a fire manipulator. The Dragon also fired a dozen baseball size Drones from its maw as well and Ethan proved he could absorb the energy too. He was afraid when he missed one and it entered through his back, but it merely warmed his inside before diminishing.
Storm-shadow suddenly did a barrel roll as a reddish ball of energy shot from the ground and instead hit a Gargoyle who was barely fast enough to disembowel a demon that looked like a bat with a wolf’s head before dying.
The Dragon’s immense size belied its speed and Ethan yelled “Drop!”
Storm-shadow didn’t hesitate and dropped just as thick ivory claws tried grasping Ethan and it was his enchanted jacket which sparked off the deadliest part of the assault and dimmed much of the pain, but they didn’t get away unscathed. Ethan cried out as the deceptively nimble dragon flipped and grabbed for Ethan, who barely lost his head, but one claw hooked under the jacket collar and ripped through the material as if it were paper. Then it whipped its long neck around and its maw snapped, catching Storm-shadow’s left hoof.
“Bettil!” Storm-shadow cried out in pain as his hoof was violently ripped away from his knee.
There was muffled a ‘Boom’ as the hoof exploded in the dragons mouth from the self destruct command word imbued in the shoe Celestia had made and was enchanted. The dragon roared in pain as the power was unleashed and half its jaw was blown away.
“Storm!” Ethan shouted, his own pain nothing compared to his partner’s.
“Safety, we must land!” Came his companion’s pained response. A river of blood gushed from his missing appendage. “Ethan, hold my mane. I’ll not make it without having it cauterized!”
Ethan barely managed to grab the dark mane as Storm-shadow bit down in the large ruby at his chest, jerked with everything he had and tore the chain and dropped it. The saddle vanished immediately and with it went the ward to resist fire. With a thought Ethan used a hotter flame to seal the gaping wound and did so in a way that burned the nerves that screamed pain. In moments Storm-shadow’s flight leveled, but remained rocky with the loss of limb. The Pegasai made straight for the central castle, built all of living wood and was little more than half the size of the First House’s.
Turning his head, Ethan suddenly yelled “HURRY!” for the dragon was in a berserker’s rage, its now red eyes promising death and not registering that half its jaw was gone.
Redoubling efforts and knowing they weren’t a match, Storm-shadow took a look and hurried to the nearest safe area. The dragon roared so loud the air shuddered. The Pegasai chose to angle over a lake to the shortest area where Jormungandr saw their distress and slithered towards them, leaving behind a twitching gray dragon he had just killed himself.
Demons and warriors of Order alike parted ways from the immense serpent or risk being crushed since all knew his scales rivaled dragons, his favorite prey.
Out over the water Ethan gasped and yelled as an arrow painfully pierced his shoulder. The spells Kanade had placed as protection were destroyed completely from the brown dragon’s claw. It was clearly an Elf’s arrow and it bit deeper than the bone, lodging deep in marrow.
The impact knocked Ethan’s balance and now that the saddle was gone, so did his protective straps as he fell off his mount’s back.
The feeling of falling and pain didn’t cause half as much fear as when he saw down below was nothing but water. His eyes widened a moment before entering it with a painful splash.
NO!!! he mentally shrieked as he was surrounded by water, trapped by it. Immediately his childhood fear resurfaced.

Ethan was nine years old and enjoying the beautiful day at the beach with his grandparents down for the summer since his mother couldn’t risk getting stuck in beach sand in her wheelchair. Billy was over teasing other little girls with seaweed he had found and they were screaming and giggling. His grandfather suddenly said “Let’s go enjoy the waves.” while holding a boogey board and smiling widely.
Together they went out, him and his grandfather and after ten minutes of play his grandfather was called to shore by his grandmother, but he wanted to stay.
A rip current came out of nowhere and by the time he tried calling for help he was too far. He struggled swimming till a large wave slammed him under. Before he could swim up for another breath another crashed and disoriented him. It was unknown to be up or down as his lungs began burning. He pleaded to be saved, but the ocean kept him under. When the pain was too much his mouth opened and seawater surged in his lungs as darkness took him.
A lifeguard supposedly found him seconds after, but he was unresponsive for five entire minutes before he took his own first gasp of air on the beach surrounded by paramedics.
The trauma of helplessness, fear and pain of deep water scarred him ever since.

The sensation of drowning returned fully to his mind. The burning in his lungs were precursors to the eventual inevitability as he struggled since he had forgotten how to swim properly especially with an arrow lodged in his shoulder.
Suddenly there was a splash and teeth bit down on his good arm. Storm-shadow resurfaced with Ethan as he knew his partner’s true fear of deep water and wasn’t going to allow him to drown. Ethan’s head surfaced in a gasp as the water boiled around him from his power. Storm-shadow felt the water scalding him alive, but fear of his friend’s own terror had him trying to do what he could. Ethan’s wide eyes and gasps were wild, almost delusional till a roar above drew his undivided attention.
The dragon was dropping down upon them.
Jormungandr, unlike snakes without a sentient mind, curled himself at the water’s edge and with immense muscles, he completely leapt off the ground like a compressed spring. The dragon’s enraged focus was the World Snake’s advantage. Fifteen foot long fangs extended as the cottonmouth opened wide and sunk them deep into the dragon’s neck and coiled around it. Jormungandr’s momentum knocked the brown greater demon’s trajectory and they landed in the heart of the lake with a tremendous splash that caused a tidal wave.
The wave mixed the boiling water with cooler, but Storm-shadow held on and resurfaced. Ethan’s struggling relaxed as he realized someone was helping and stopped flash boiling the lake water. “Storm?”
“Good!” Storm-shadow said as he transferred Ethan to his back. “Hold on, we must get out of the water!” Ethan had a death grip on his friend’s soaked mane, barely keeping the terror at bay. “Hold on to me no matter what. I won’t let you drown ever again.”
Storm-shadow struggled to swim, his soaked wings helping some. His strength and power was diminished without all four limbs intact, but he kept them just above water and every moment came a paddle closer to shore.
A dark blot sped to them beneath the surface and suddenly Storm-shadow whinnied in pain as a Kelpie sunk its saber-like fangs into its natural enemy from below. The red eyed black horse surfaced with a hunk of meat in its mouth of predatory teeth. The demon horse was at home in the water and Storm-shadow and his companion were too far from aid.
Centuries of battle against his natural enemy had Storm-shadow yell a command which his hooves obeyed and a blue spike a foot long extended from his front hooves and when the Kelpie got too close and hungered for more blood, it was too unaware in its next assault. With a mighty effort Storm-shadow brought his hooves up out of the water and one lanced through the other horse’s skull while a second tore through the spine and severed its spinal cord.
A few seconds later something pressed them upwards from below, something far too immense to be a Kelpie. Ethan feared the dragon till they were lifted out completely.
Black and dark orange bands were beneath and a wedged head curved around. “Jormund!” Ethan yelled in genuine relief. Over in the center of the lake floated the lifeless form of the merciless dragon.
“Are you…” The snake hissed and both watched Storm-shadow collapse.
“Storm!” Ethan yelled in more terror so much that his throat was raw.
The winged stallion simply smiled at his friend and companion. “Sorry we didn’t have more time together, Ethan. You were and will always be my dearest friend.” Storm-shadow’s head dropped and revealed half his throat had been ripped out and the once tremendous gush of blood came to a stop as the heart did.
Ethan was frozen as a large blue soul rose from the proud stallion. It burned brightly in just how great he was in life.
A genuine king and dear friend died.







Chapter 17

A hole felt as if it had just punched through his heart in realization at the floating white orb over a once great warrior. Time seem to slow and all sounds died down as Ethan took in the baseball size soul that blazed in a heat and soundless blue fire. Tears began to spill down his cheeks when his ragged heart beat faster and harder. It was hard to believe, but Ethan knew once a soul separates from its body it cannot be simply returned. It meant that the body was just a meaty husk, unable to be brought back without Fate’s intervention, which won’t happen.
Storm, you died to protect me. Ethan thought. You didn’t have to. Why, Storm, why? Why you?
His heart then changed a rhythm as sounds of battle returned when he knew many more souls were dying. All around approached more Kelpie as they caught Storm-shadow’s bare soul’s scent.
Hope surged in Ethan as Storm-shadow’s form gave a sudden jerk.
But then it was crushed as a cruel rune for animation burned into his companion’s forehead, destroying the stormy patch of grey hair which was his namesake.
Bitter hatred built in Ethan as he realized what was happening. Necromancers were using the dead of Order to bolster its forces. Many were already battling a former reanimated ally who had been slain in combat and the fresh corpses would continue to fight till the rune was destroyed. Storm-shadow’s soul simply hovered, his death too soon made him silent, disoriented and confused.
Other souls were being devoured as well. “I’m sorry, my friend. I’ll protect you now…” As those words left his lips his terror and fright vanished.
Ethan’s cold rage changed.
His wrathful anger now was on a level none could comprehend.
A primal roar unlike any had ever heard shot in all directions, louder than all the fighting could ever make and not even the greatest dragons could ever match it. It was so loud the ground shook like an earthquake and the air shuddered. The battle came to an utter end. Ethan exploded in a fire that went wider than the lake and the flames carried and amplified his roar. In his head he suddenly got a picture of a tornado aflame and in his rage he grabbed hold. Storm-shadow’s body was vaporized in the flamed roar along with all of the lake’s water and every demonic aquatic being that was in it.
The battle came to a complete standstill on both sides, demons and warriors alike were drawn to it. The tower of fire burned over a mile high and wide began to swirl and change colors from orange to a deep red it was almost purple. In its heart spiraled Jormungandr, the World Snake as he was lifted by its unstoppable force. None could see a man in the heart of the tornado flying from the raw energy used by him. It spun faster and faster, giving awe and total fear to every witness.
Then it began to move. Fast.
Ethan had never felt so much hatred, his meditative lessons were gone entirely. The flames supported him in the air as it was imagined. It made an F-5 tornado akin to a gentle breeze, but one under control of the strongest type of being, an Elemental. Ethan could feel the fire swirling around him as if it were a living entity, but one who obeyed his every command.
A flash of movement caught his attention to see Jormungandr caught in the tempest of power and a mere thought threw the snake out near the base without any harm. The snake’s green eyes were lit with wonder as he looked at Ethan from the inner funnel. Jormungandr’s roar was the signal that began the end.
In the firestorm of immense power Ethan roared and willed everything forward.
The tornado’s increased rotation was just a prelude as it sped across the ground at over two hundred miles per hour, faster than anything could hope to flee from. Demons high and low were caught in its path and came out charred or flung as flaming projectiles when caught in the strongest currents. Even getting close killed.
Ethan made a straight line for where the demonic barrier protected most of their hordes, who let the lesser demons be fodder to whittle down the defenders. In seconds Ethan’s tornado shredded it like cobwebs to flame. It couldn’t withstand his attack or even serve to slow it down. The roar of fire, wind and Ethan’s own mighty inhuman roar was unable to hear the glass shattering sound as he glared at the battlements the demons brought and used to great effect.
Not anymore.
The mile wide tornado burned everything in its path. At the carnage it wrought even dragons fled for their lives, Elves Translocated and left many to die.
Under complete control, the fire turned and began to break into two, half mile wide pillars of fire and were set to seek out every demon around the destroyed barrier. Ethan’s greater tornado remained whole and turned around to gain even more speed, aiming for the defenders.
Those of Order began screaming, Thor and many warriors tried destroying the vortex heading at them to no effect. No Pixies were present since they had to Translocate the young and civilian away immediately when the first barrier went down. Everyone else was left to face the approaching blaze.
Only they were surprised to find themselves alive as the fire didn’t harm anyone that didn’t deserve it. Thousands fell and then millions, but only of demonic origin or reanimated. All the defenders felt was a warm tickling sensation as it passed, some even glimpsed at the long figure flying inside one of the pair’s heart.
When the twin tornados separated and merged into one on the other side it reformed and in a counterclockwise spin both flames destroyed every demon, and possessed individual resurrected via necromancy, to a man.
The extra tower died in seconds to release all its energy in a safe way while Ethan willed his to slow more slowly till he landed.
When it vanished nothing but silence filled the gap. All living looked upon him with wide eyed awe. The grounds smoked with corpses and were gagging, but only silence greeted the Fire Elemental for over a half mile where he stood alone.
The ground shook as Thor ran over and a half dozen flew, all struck stupid at his display. “By my father’s beard!” Thor shouted as he shrunk to his natural seven and a half feet. “What was that? You single handedly took on an entire army and won.”
Pegasus landed nearest and Odin dropped, at the end of Gungnir’s wicked tip was spitted the head of a man Ethan remembered as Michael Zing from a picture he saw after Kira’s trial. Odin grinned and said “Well done, Lad!” he laughed and raised his lance. “When you destroyed their barrier Pegasus and I slew the mastermind. Nice arrow! You…” The one eyed warrior stopped smiling as he took in the river of tears spilling from his cheeks and how he shook with emotion. He knew someone had been lost. In a softer tone he asked “Who, Lad?”
Ethan walked up to Pegasus and choked “I’m so sorry.”
Pegasus’ sparkling blue eyes widened before his legs gave way. “No. please… it’s not true.”
The king of all herds named after him collapsed completely. “I was drowning and he saved me. I’m terrified of deep water, but when we surfaced a Kelpie attacked. He killed it before he died.”
Pegasus hardened his eyes and stood moments later. He reared and for a moment Ethan thought he was going to be stomped and didn’t move. Instead the mighty stallion spread his wings and shrieked in a horse-like way and spread his wings even wider. He held that position as every member of the herd, Shadow-storm, Storm’s younger twin bother, included reared and made the same noise or flew up. There was no translation that could vocalize the meaning for it wasn’t needed.
Jormungandr slithered over before the crowd could race over and opened his mouth. Out came a safeguarded soul and in the softest voice anyone had ever hear from the snake he said “Your mighty ssson. Hisss valiant sssacrifice is what sssaved othrsss. Ethan’sss rage came becaussse of it.”
Star-bolt landed heavily and nearly threw the blood slick Gra off. They stopped as big fat tears dropped at the sight of her mate’s orb. Her muzzle tried nuzzling it, but her gifts wouldn’t allow her to touch him. “Did he die well?” her voice shook as Gra dismounted and began tending the mare’s gashed hindquarters.
“He did.” The great snake said when others were too choked up.
“My love,” Star-bolt forced herself to say. “sadly I cannot yet follow you yet. I was going to wait till tonight in our stall, but I’m carrying another foal. The healers told me a few hours ago before…”
In a whisper they heard his disembodied voice. “Good.” It was weak and weary, but it was Storm-shadow. “I’m so tired. Raise our foal well. I will wait with my brothers, sisters and our lost children. Be well.” Star-bolt broke down and cried.
Ethan moved away to give space to the three winged horses. Odin, Thor and Kiroq followed him. After a dozen steps Ethan stumbled to collapse face first into the grass. It was so sudden they didn’t catch him in time. They rushed to his side, Odin flinging the disembodied head from his legendary weapon and said “His pulse is weak.”
“Father!” Thor pointed to the imbedded missile. “Elf arrow! I can’t get it out and it’s Demon Energy is flowing into him. He should have died instantly from this much Demon…”
“MEDIC!!!” Kiroq the gargoyle howled.
Suddenly a pair Translocated not four feet behind the All Father. It was Kanade and Floa. The Enchantress instantly yelled “ETHAN!” as her gaze took in the prone position of her mate’s immobile form surrounded by bloodied individuals. With one hand she grabbed Odin and threw him aside like a weightless leaf. She sent her senses into her one true love out of habit and could feel the foreign energy at war with his own and it wasn’t winning. Before even two heartbeats passed she used her inhuman strength to defy inflicting pain for it was the rare exception so she could heal. A chunk of bone was raggedly ripped out with the arrow while simultaneously drawing a sequence of runes faster than any mortal eye could follow. Her power began fueling the spells needed to purge malicious foreign energy while rapidly closing the wound at his shoulder. Her own fear trumped what she knew would kill him. Still, worry for her mate’s health, she didn’t stop till he began to glow beneath the bright sun. Her feathery wings spread protectively over him as she worked. In the five seconds of her arrival she finished drawling the thirtieth rune, her gold eyes glowed blue with the power she invoked.
When she felt Ethan’s own unique energy bolstered, they attacked the demonic together.
It was instantly obliterated.
Silence again surrounded them aside from Odin’s cursing. Only then did Kanade realize what she had done as the energy in her eyes diminished. She took in his ragged appearance and saw the moisture from tears she didn’t understand. The spells in his jacket were broken to even an untrained eye and it barely hung on him. She fought her tears back as she clutched his head to her breasts and held him there. Kanade knew she had greatly overdone magic as his mind was in a deep slumber, almost comatose.
“Girlfriend, what have you done?” Floa fluttered over and landed on Ethan’s chest. “That much power… Wait, he should be dead.”
“The lad is stronger than any truly realize.” Odin said, setting aside his anger from being tossed like a ragdoll by a woman. “Besides, soul mates must be equal deep down. If he were mated to another he’d be dead from that much power that even I can taste. His heart still beats, aye?”
Kanade answered hollowly “Strongly. If I were ten seconds later he would have been killed. I’m afraid though… his mind…”
“He’ll be well, Lass.” Odin comforted before grinning “He’ll be well taken care of. If not for his actions we’d still be at war. He took out millions of demons all by himself. I’ve never seen such a display of power and magnitude. Even greater dragons fled at his power and he managed to lift Jormund initially. Now tell me why you are here.”
Floa instead answered as a crowd began forming. “Dress. Kanade and I were together, listening to the progress of battle. For a minute or so he was speechless and then said it was all over. I Translocated nearest to you now that I know where you are at all times now. Then we arrive and well…” she gestured to who she walked on. “What happened, Odin?”
“The lad seemed to have lost it and created a tornado of almost purple fire and took on the entire enemy. Never again shall I doubt his power. I’ve fought against an elemental before, but nothing like this. But I’ve never witnessed such a display of power. It made me glad we are on the same side for sure.” Odin stood and looked around at the gathering crowd. “Work needs to be done. Floa, take Ethan and Kanade home to the healers area and see he gets the best care. Be quick since many others were injured before he took care of business.”
“Clean yourself up while you’re at it!” Floa quipped. “You’re a bloody mess. If I were mated to another I’d be worried.” She then clapped her hands as Odin chuckled.

On the second floor of the castle was the medical wing. Witches and doctors waited for all incoming wounded. Floa wasn’t the first to arrive, but the staff immediately went into action. Kanade pulled back as two Ogres in blue scrubs knelt on the tiled floor and lifted Ethan’s unconscious body onto a gurney and a witch said “What has happened?” when the Ogres began cutting off his jacket, undershirt and removed the rest of his clothing.
Kanade said with tears filling eyes “I used too much magic in my haste. His physical body should be fine. That bright pink scar at his shoulder was from an Elvin arrow that I healed. His mind though… I hope it wasn’t damaged…”
The witch needed nothing further and plucked a vial of a liquid that held a faint yellow luminescence in the bright white room. The middle age looking woman of plump figure grabbed an IV bag, several needles and set up a drip. One went into an easily accessible vein all warriors seemed to have standing out and she used a syringe to take some of the glowing potion and injected it into a saline bag. As it began to drip she said to the Enchantress “That should aid to ease the overdose of magic you used on him. Mr. Volorum and I have never met, but if he wasn’t the type of human who could manipulate an element he would have died. I can still feel the power you used on him seeping out. I’m highly attuned to magical sensations. All we can do now is let him rest.” She sighed. “As for his mind, if he wakes only time will tell. The most I can tell is you didn’t fracture his soul. Whatever you did is beyond me, but you must be aware that even a minor rune could push him over the edge. The potion will aid recovery, nothing else.”
“Can I take him home?” Kanade almost pleaded while biting her lower lip from worry.
“Two conditions.” The woman said as more gravely injured began Translocating in beside other Pixies and she knew more were on their way and all available space was diminishing. “Dress must keep a careful eye on him at all times and have a Pixie at his side to bring him here if something bad happens.”
“I’ll be there unless something happens.” Floa volunteered.
“And take this.” The woman held out a polished emerald about an inch wide attached to an elastic band, pressed it into Kanade’s hand and said “Put this on his head. It will monitor his health. If it makes an awful sound, he’s in danger of dying. When it glows it will mean he’s about to wake. Send me a report of his mind when you delve into it after he wakes. Refrain from anything else and keep him comfortable. I need to go.” And she hurried away to tend a Nymph who oozed an amber sap from a deep gash on her forehead and thigh.
Floa fluttered over and said “I’ll be back in a moment, Girlfriend.” She clapped her small hands and both she, Ethan and the IV contraption vanished.
The Pixie grew tall and helped move the IV off the bed where Ethan laid and took the sheet to cover his modesty. In the next moment she brought Kanade over. The winged beauty dropped to her knees beside their bed and took her mate’s hand and felt it was cooler than she’d ever felt before. She cried silently while Floa walked to Dress and told him what happened and that the doctor said.
“Don’t worry. I’ll keep a close eye on Handsome.” Dress got a look in his eye. “Hey you two, if you want to see Ethan in action turn on the computer.” Kanade was too out of it so Floa scooped up Ethan tablet, brought it over to the large bed and brought up the recently uploaded war viewing.
Three minutes into it Floa gasped and at that Kanade was what brought back to reality to say “What?”
Tears began spilling from the Pixie’s violet eyes. “Storm… he’s…” she choked out. “Watch.” She turned the screen and resumed playing after rewinding twenty seconds to where the brown dragon got close enough to attach physically.
They watched from one view that kept close to Ethan’s exploits and were crying freely when they saw the soul and jumped on the bed at the roar that ripped from Ethan’s chest and the explosion of fire that came from him. The fire turned tornado and went on the attack.
Dumbfounded all the way to the end they looked at the unconscious man beside them and found Panther had appeared out of nowhere and was curled up on Ethan’s wide and heavily muscled chest. “Kanade, I always knew he was powerful, but that? Unreal.”
With a proud smile she said “The strongest ability of a Fire Elemental. It would have killed a dragon, the generated wind and dark color meant high temps and the rotation alone would have been a greater danger. It is the scale that amazes me. From what I learned, King Solomon didn’t display half that power. How he attacked while fightin’ the arrow’s effects for so long is a greater mystery. It should have been an instant kill from the amount of Demon Energy poured into it. It still would have if I hadn’t done what I did… if only Storm wasn’t the trigger which brought about this part in him.”
“He’ll be greatly missed. He and I have been friends for over a thousand years. His family will be devastated…”
There came a loud knock at the front door. Floa hopped over to answer it and in the darkness she found Blake standing in the front with the rest of the team behind him. The ancient Nagai asked “We were told Ethan’s here. How is he?”
They all came into the spacious room and quietly took him in. Kanade meanwhile slid the headband with the emerald on. Nell came over and spoke softly. “Will he make it?”
“Time will tell.” Kanade said and listened to their story of events.
Each of them were devastated at Storm-shadow’s demise and even the hardened men who had lost many friends over the eons found themselves crying. Blake was the only one who excused himself and went to be there for Star-bolt.

Worry grew among all Ethan’s friends as he didn’t awake or respond for three days. Hundreds came to visit, but nothing changed in his condition. Panther was the most loyal and stayed curled up nearby or lay on him all the time, leaving only to relieve himself, much like Kanade. Celestia even came to visit when the room was cleared for her. Out of everyone, she was the most proud and curious at what he accomplished. Many messages were sent thanking him for doing as he did and wished a speedy recovery.
Around five thirty in the afternoon Kanade had cracked open a comic and was reading it to him, as she had since yesterday. “never win, Dr. Doom. Johnny! The floor.” She read for his benefit and had a stack of comics at her hip on the bed where she sat with legs crossed. Then something caught her eye an she gasped as the emerald on his forehead began to glow. Panther yowled as the comic dropped on him as he sat curled in her lap. He crawled off as she framed Ethan’s face. “Darlin’, can you hear me?” She desperately hoped it wasn’t a dream.
Unfocused grey eyes with some more rusty flecks than before stared back. In a dry, cracked voice he said “Wha…”
She squealed in delight and threw herself on him and allowed her mind to scan his. He was greatly disoriented and weak, but she felt him warm rapidly at the thoughts of her breasts in his face currently occupied. She grinned “You returned to me.” Kanade crooned. “Whole. Your mind is as I’ve so longed to reach for… yes you can kiss them as much as you want, but after you eat… yes I can feel you hunger. I’m also hungry.”
“Let him breathe, Girlfriend!” Floa said as she rose from the sofa, being the primary Pixie on duty for the past three days.
Her cinnamon scent and warmth pulled back, but he was too stiff to move properly as she leapt over to the bedside fridge and popped two cans of soda and helped him sit up. She handed him one and it was as he reached he found the needle in his arm and said “What happened, Angel?”
Kanade and Floa eagerly told him what occurred as he grimaced and pulled the needle out of his arm along with the tape. A few drops of blood pooled, but clotted seconds after. He drank greedily throughout the story, polishing off three more cans of grape soda and two beers while waiting for the microwave to heat several calorie rich meals. Meanwhile his bladder was in need of relief. The personal oven also was cooking two pizzas. Then she said morosely at the end “Yesterday they held the burial ceremonies for all the fallen. I went there for the both of us to honor Storm. Near a thousand fell before you did your firestorm. Michael Zing, the ringleader, died by Odin’s hand and his army was almost completely obliterated. What remained was absorbed by two greater demon masters who got away. From your actions there has been a great lull in demon activity all around the world as news spread of your deeds. From what I’ve been told, no house has even seen a skirmish at their boarders since the battle. It won’t last long, but it has given us a chance to catch our breath.”
“Thank you.” He said as she stopped talking. Floa dashed over and brought some food which vanished in two minutes he was so hungry. The filling stomach gave him strength and cleared his head. “And thank you Floa” He said afterwards. “for watching over me and always staying near Kanade. You’re a great friend.”
The Pixie broke into a grin. “I’m just glad Kanade doesn’t have to read you another of those awful comic books. Put me asleep they did. Besides, it gave the two of us time to ready for my upcoming wedding.” She stood up and stretched. “I’ll go let Odin and everyone else know you’re as spry as a spring chicken once again.”
“I’ll take a bath and head over to the castle. I need to work out my stiff joints.”
“Same here.” Kanade added. “See you soon, Floa. And again, thanks.” The Pixie winked and sauntered for the door, stepped out and vanished. “Go take a bath while I clean up.”
“Sure.” He made straight for the bathroom to first relieve himself again, then showered and trimmed his beard short and groomed it the way Kanade liked it. His shoulder still ached slightly, but he grimaced at the look of the scar the arrow left behind. As he stepped out with a towel around his waist and greeted Dress who was gushing with compliments and saying how happy he was that Ethan was better. He was pulling on a shirt and felt it was a bit more snug than before, but said nothing. His pants were likewise tight, but not uncomfortable. But as he was putting his feet in his boots they were cramping. “Odd.” He mumbled.
“What is?” Kanade said beside him as she put on her sneakers.
For some nagging reason he said “Stand up.” She did and he put a hand on his head and used a straight movement to measure on her body and his eyebrow raised. He walked to his desk and pulled out a measuring tape and asked “Do me.”
Understanding, she took it and measured him to exclaim “Six foot eight!”
He blinked. “So I’m not imagining things. I’m five inches taller than when I went off to war. I was six three… Kanade, how is this?”
She shrugged. “Don’t know. Maybe all the weight you lost and all the exercise since and that tornado was leaps more than anything you did before. Don’t complain for I’m not. The sex will be better than last months and the one before that. Five inches in height is nothing to be concerned of. Come on, let’s go show you’re alright. Questions can wait for later.” She smiled and scooped up Panther who brushed against her pant leg and draped him around her neck. He purred loudly and she giggled as his whiskers tickled her ear.
“Well then, Dress, it seems like I’ll need new clothes.”
“And I know just what will make your sexy eyes really pop. Do I have your permission to withdraw from your account? How many sets?”
“Yes and three, but keep it simple. Also I’ll need new leather armor since my last was ruined.”
“Party pooper!” Dress grumbled but was already working on the new clothes.
Hand in hand Ethan and Kanade walked outside to face whatever awaited next.





Epilogue

Deep in the heart of Demon World, under the vast domain of one of the greatest demons kings to have ever existed sat the Fire King in his ancient throne room, a vast castle made entirely of pure diamond, the only element capable of resisting his immense power without melting. He sat in his throne alone, surrounded by purple fire so hot and dark that none could see him and any fool who chose to bother him would be ash as soon as the dark diamond doors opened so much as a crack.
Between inhumanly large, bony fingers was a picture of a bearded man with auburn hair and grey eyes smiling as he held hands with a blue winged Spirit Guide.
The Fire King’s blood red eyes were slit like a cat’s as he noticed the darker, rusty flecks in the boy’s eyes. He smiled and laughed at the reports that the boy was a Fire Elemental, a sound so powerful his kingdom could actually feel his mirth. “It is only a matter of time before we meet, Boy. I have great plans in store, should you survive what comes.” The demon king’s booming laugh echoed as his ancient plans were finally coming together.
What would come of it was the true question.





Be sure to read other books by this author:

Balancer’s Cycle
Balancer’s Soul
Changer’s Blood
Keeper’s Knowledge
Harmonizer’s Evolution

The Item Trilogy
Untamed Gift
Furion’s Trials
Ra’van

Death Incarnate Saga 
The Grin of Prophecy
Familiar’s Ancient Throne
Laugh of Destruction
Ascension of the Warlock
Empress’s Endgame

Spirit Guide Saga
Forgemaster
Wrath of Flames
Atavism of the Ifrit

Star Pirate Legends (Coming Fall of 2015)
Cutlass Sharpened
Void’s Psionics
Evolution’s Essence
Last Nova

The Fey Files (Coming Fall of 2016)

Harsh Realms (Coming Fall on 2017)





Contact me:
http://facebook.com/h.leemorgan
