

FORGING
THE HALF-GOBLIN SORCERER

BOOK ONE OF 
THE THAUMATURGISTS

By J. CRAIG ARGYLE



Copyright 2014 J. Craig Argyle

Smashwords Edition


This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.




Acknowledgments
This book represents something of a family project. My children, Ian and Ali, and my son-in-law, Jack, took seriously my plea for input. Even my in-laws, Dan and Malcolm contributed. Similarities between the characters in this story and my relatives, living or dead, are entirely intended. My lovely wife Debra had the unpleasant task of correcting the many errors in the manuscript. I thank her for her patience. I don’t always take criticism gracefully. I appreciate the thoughtful comments of readers. Please, go to http://www.halfgoblin.com to contribute yours.



Map of the Northern Kingdoms of Goblins and Men.




Map of the Northern Realms

Prologue: Grenab Recounts the Battle at Dragon’s Belly

The veteran of Dragon’s Belly sat against the cold stone wall of the city prison. He spoke loudly enough for the other prisoners to hear.
“Aye, our soldiers held the high ground, for what good it did ‘em. Me and Hogarth and the other palace guards, a hundred strong, stood at hill’s peak with the Ard Ri, King Giforing. From vantage, we watched down at our vanguard.”
“Our front rank was raw, as green of ear to the trade of killin’ as a Spore could be. When the men charged, I counted my skin lucky to nay be a party to those poor souls as they crouched behind their puny shields.”
“The humans’ war cries struck me true. I surely felt the chill. The voice in my head, which I hold in some regard, shouted, ‘Run,’ but my captain’s hardened voice shouted louder, ‘Stand!’”
“When the two lines ‘came one, the men smashed through with their heavy shields, swarming toward the hill’s peak. Their iron struck our wooden shields and kindling showered about. Our shields were not all that failed that day. Time to times again, I saw our bronze weapons break against the brutish weapons of man, forcin’ my brothers to fall back, if they were lucky, or be hacked down if they were not. No need to tell you, it was not the proudiest of days for the Spore. For every parry or block thrown against their iron weapons, a shield, a sword, or a brother lay broken in the dirt.”
“Nay three strides before me a massive, blood-soaked arm clutchin’ an iron sword rose in the air. By the Stones, with a single stroke, it cleaved Spore and shield in twain.” The old veteran waived his fleshless arm in the air to dramatize the deadly blow. “The man’s helm hid ‘is pig face. It was just as well. Nothing is more terrifin’ than a man’s grisly maw, screamin’ for murder.”
“Our vanguard quickly grew weary from the onslaught. Truth’s way, we had no decent path to strike back. The relentless assault squeezed our lines. Our nimble fighters had little room. When the Ard Ri ordered halberds forward to bolster the ragged line, we held our ground, but only for a spell. After nay a hundred breaths, the will of the Spore began to fold. The sun hadn’t broke over the hills ‘fore the north-way lay ringed and rattled with the bodies of the dead and injured, mostly Spore-kin.”
“Then Red, King of the Pig Faces, entered the fray. He and fifty strong attacked from the trees. There was little defense left on our west flank, and King Red made short work of it. Our west-way broken, the pig face king came lumberin’ straight for the Ard Ri. I heard Red shout, ‘Mince the squids into chowder!’”
“It took all my strength to counter the blows of my colossal opponent. My arm and shoulder ached from the poundin’. Suddenly, my shield snapped in twain. My arm left numb and useless at my side. I backed quickly and blocked with my sword. The sword flew apart. I fell to the ground holding nothing but the hilt. The monster lifted ‘is sword over ‘is head. I heard ‘is labored breathin’ and saw ‘is wicked blue eyes glarin’ through ‘is visor slits. I had to move, but I was frozen by pain and fear.”
“By the Stones, with ‘is next blow, I was crow bait. ‘Fore ‘e struck, a spear caught the pig in ‘is side. He tumbled backwards. Hogarth helped me stand. ‘Follow the Ard Ri,’ he shouted. I turned and saw King Giforing stumblin’ down the backside of the hill and enterin’ the lava field.”
Grenab paused, remembering. “I staggered to catch up with what was left of the royal guard. The king and the Thaumaturgist disappeared in a lava tube beneath the field. Cracks in the tube lit the way. We scrambled through until we met a steep ledge. Hogarth scampered to the top and began haulin’ us up. Only about thirty of the king’s guard made it that far.”
“The Ard Ri ordered us to defend. We stacked rocks along the top of the ledge to raise a wall we could hide behind. A dozen pig faces gained the tube and fired arrows that bounced off our make-do wall or clattered against the back of the lava tube. We had no bows to answer their salvos. When the pig faces saw there was no easy way to reach us, they hurled curses at us and waited for reinforcements.”
“We hunkered all day, expectin’ their attack. In the afternoon, ten score entered the tube. Their bowmen kept us pinned, while others hauled in wood and lit a fire. Acrid smoke filled the tube. It bothered the pig faces more than us. They brought in ladders, but we didn’t wait for ‘em to scale the ledge. We escaped through a crack the Thaumaturgist found in the back of the tube. In the lava field we scattered into the deep fissures and hid until night.”
“At one point, me and Hogarth heard footsteps on the basalt near our hidin’ place. A voice said, ‘There’re a thousand fissures, and they could be hidin’ in all of ‘em. I don’t fancy goin’ in after ‘em.’”
“His mate responded, ‘I for one don’t want to stick my nose into any of ‘em stinkin’ holes. Those filthy squids see too good in the dark. They want us to go after ‘em. I bet there are ten thousand stinkin’ squids ready in ambush. Let’s report pursuit is hopeless.’ I figured their blood had cooled. They had seen enough butcherin’ for one day.”
“At night King Giforing sent out scouts. They reported Red had gathered his dead and left. By late morning, some five hundred Spore had returned to the battlefield. I figured the rest of King Giforing’s army ran off and were headed back to the capitol. The Thaumaturgist asked Hogarth to gather any iron weapons the pig faces dropped. He found one iron sword, a rusty piece of ragged metal, and handed it to the high priest. The enemy had collected all the weapons from our dead, heaped ‘em into a bonfire, and turned them into a jagged lump of bronze. Together, we buried over a thousand ‘acked corpses.”
***
The story teller caught his breath. A prisoner asked, “Why had the Ard Ri miscalculated so badly?”
“That’s just it. The king had done good, but still we were badly bloodied by the pigs and their iron swords. Remember, there’d been no serious fightin’ between Spore and men for half a lifetime. We were thinkin’ that the wars were finally over. King Giforing had sent the Thaumaturgist to Bretwalda to seal a treaty with King Red.”
“Somethin’ went terribly sour. The negotiations collapsed, and the Thaumaturgist fled north. Eventually, we learned the truth. The Thaumaturgist, blast ‘im, had run off with King Red’s pregnant queen. A few months later, King Red took ‘is revenge. It was a nasty piece of work. Red’s army was rage fed. The pigs showed no reason or mercy. They ‘acked their way into the Spore kingdom.”
“The duke on the Isle of Uisgebeatha tried to stop King Red. His army fell upon the pigs as they slept. The goblins’ better night vision gave the Spore an early advantage, but when dawn came the pigs mounted their ‘orses and began grinding the Spore into sausage. That is when we discovered men possessed weapons made of a new metal, iron. It was King Red, himself, who ‘acked down the duke’s brother. The duke retreated. He had to settle for harassin’ the enemy.”
“When word of the invasion swept the goblin capital, the upstandin’ citizens of Neu Ardonbrae panicked. The Ard Ri hastily assembled his army and issued what supplies he could. There weren’t enough rations. I had food for hardly two days. As a part of the royal guard, I expected better. My friend Hogarth jested, ‘Two days ain’t more than enough to get us to the battle. What are we suppose to eat on our way home—pig flesh?’”
“We call men pig faces ‘cause of their hairy snouts and curly tails, but I remember wonderin’ if someone actually ate a man to discover how one tasted. I joked, ‘The quartermaster knows what ‘e is doing; ‘e gave us two days rations because ‘e don’t expect us to survive the battle.” The old veteran laughed at his own jest.
“Three thousand of us raced south. We had to reach the lava fields ‘fore King Red’s butchers. Once Red crossed the lava fields, there was nothing to slow ‘is advance on the capital. I jogged beside Hogarth. We were fresh out of trainin’. It was me and Hogarth’s first campaign. ‘Cause we were the good fighters, we were assigned to the royal guard. We conjured ourselves standin’ smartly beside the king far from the fightin’. We complained the entire way how our swords were not goin’ to taste pig blood and how hungry we would be in two days.”
“We marched for twenty-four hours without more than a few breaks. When Dragon’s Belly was in sight, I collapsed to catch my breath. The Dragon’s Belly is rightly named. Lava, flowin’ out of a volcano to the east, covered the land with hummocks of smooth, black, ripplin’ glass. Time splintered the sheets into tilted plates, separated by deep fissures. The field is like scales on a giant dragon’s underbelly, stretchin’ all the way from the mountains to the coast where it tumbles over the cliffs into the sea. The belly is almost uncrossable except by a narrow, dirt path near the coast. Aye, it was smart the king hit on this spot for the battle. The razor sharp rocks knocked the pig faces’ ‘orses out of the fight.”
“Before I could do more than quench my thirst, the Ard Ri ordered a barricade built. With our swords we ‘acked down trees and fashioned a crude barrier across the road. Others used their helms to dig up the road in front of the barricade. The only way to attack was through a murderous gauntlet of sharp rock. The Ard Ri positioned bolters behind the barricade and in fissures. Most he hid in the trees north-ways of the lava field.”
“The trap was perfect. I remember thinkin’ how pitiful the barricade would look to approachin’ pig faces. Truth-way is a thousand bolters hid in the trees to the north-way and two thousand infantry were behind a hill in attack formations. As a member of his guard, I followed the Ard Ri and ‘is counselors to the hill’s peak from where they could direct the battle from hiding. The king understood the enemy. He knew men react to what they see and give little thought to what is out of sight.”
***
Grenab became more agitated remembering how the battle unfolded. “Aye, my rage festered when the first hairy pig faces arrived at the Belly’s far side. Without waiting for his full strength to gather, King Red smerked at our puny barricade and ordered a cavalry charge. A ‘undred horsemen came thunderin’ down the narrow road to attack our piss-poor barrier. The poundin’ hoofs of the war’orses and the screams of the ‘orsemen made my blood boil. I wanted to throw myself at ‘em.”
“A ‘undred strides before the barrier the chargin’ cavalry crested a hummock and entered the dip where we had dug up the road. It was too late for the lead ‘orses to stop. When the road quit beneath their feet, they were at full gallop. Instead of smashin’ into the barricade, the ‘orses fell twistin’ and screamin’ on the lava. The fallin’ pigs bathed the rocks in their blood and curses.”
“King Red led the charge. I watched ‘im fall when his ‘orse stumbled. The riders following the king tried to stop, but they were pushed onto the lava by the ‘orses charging from behind. Many ‘orses broke their legs or fell in their efforts to avoid the glassy shards. The ‘orsemen in the rear didn’t realize what was happenin’. They kept collidin’ into the ‘orses that were stumblin’ and fallin’ in front of them. The goblin bolters mannin’ the barricade let loose several volleys and those ‘idden in the fissures rushed out of their ‘oles and began thrustin’ at the fallen men and ‘orses. The lava crippled the attackers, and the Spore finished ‘em off.
Then we were startled to see King Red stand and stumble under the cover of shields provided by ‘is men. Blood soaked ‘is right side. I heard ‘im cursin’ ‘is captains. They cowered ‘fore ‘im. Half of ‘is cavalry had been slaughtered by a handful of Spore. The barrier stood. In fact, no pigs had come within twenty strides.
We wanted to cheer ‘cause everything was going our way. Half King Red’s cavalry were butchered. The slaughter was most satisfyin’ to behold. Hogarth and me thought the men would run all the way back to Bretwalda.” 
Grenab paused for a moment and surveyed the faces of the prisoners. Satisfied he had their attention, he lowered his voice. “Me and Hogarth were thinkin’ the Ard Ri was some kind of military genius. ‘cause he sent the pigs runnin’. As night approached, we were all in a good mood. In the night a scout reported seein’ movement in King Red’s camp. Me and Hogarth figured the men were retreatin’. We was wrong, dead wrong. In the darkness, King Red’s army sneaked through the lava, and at dawn Red was on our side of the field headed for us. 
King Giforing and his counselors argued what to do next. The Thaumaturgist reasoned we should retreat into the lava field. ‘e guessed the rocks would hinder us less than the men, but King Giforing desired the high ground. In the end the king positioned his force on a hill with the lava field at our back.”
“The men advanced towards us before we had time to build proper barricades. We outnumbered the pigs two to one, but it didn’t seem to matter. They came at us expectin’ to cut us to pieces. If we hadn’t been able to scatter in the lava field, it is likely none of us would’ve survived.”
“The three-day walk ‘ome was miserable, we had to carry our wounded, but we weren’t ‘ungry. We gorged ourselves on ‘orsemeat. I guess the quartermaster knew what ‘e was doin’ after all.”
Grenab paused before concluding his tale. “The king marched beside us and tried to cheer us, but we looked trodden all the same. When we neared the capital, we marched in formation as best able, so that we didn’t look like a beaten army. The Ard Ri told everyone back home how we bravely forced King Red to retreat. He never mentioned the end of the battle when the men’s iron weapons shattered our army and everybody scattered. To this day, me and Hogarth taste bitter bile remembering how easily our army broke. At Dragon’s Belly, we learned if you fight pig faces ‘ead on, expect to get your arse kicked. I ‘ope are ancestors are listenin’. We need a new way to fight, or by the Stones, Spore-kin are finished.”


Chapter 1

Isle of Uisgebeatha: Rite of Passage

In our age most people have never seen a goblin or as they call themselves, a Spore. There are those who don’t believe they ever existed. Still, if a goblin walked into your house, you would probably recognize it by its short bandy legs and particularly long arms. Indeed, most do have yellow skin or, more precisely, various shades of green and ochre. Yes, their noses are prominent and their ears pointed; their black eyes have an eerie, penetrating quality which is a bit unnerving, but otherwise they are much like men in their needs and their aptitudes to learn, love, and scheme.
Goblins have wide grinning mouths through which they can hiss, squeal and screech, but as you know, goblins can’t whistle. They lack the muscles needed to pucker their lips. Their speech is lispy, like someone with a cleft lip.
If you think goblins relish the taste of human flesh, you would be mistaken. Their traditional foods are crickets which taste like greasy chicken and wichetty grubs that taste like nut-flavored scrambled eggs wrapped in a crispy pastry. They devour worms they raise in giant compost heaps—not the shriveled up worms you find on the road after a heavy rain, but a thick, pink, juicy kind, with a rich hint of iron, sort of like a shrimpy, blood pudding. If you find this disgusting, reflect on your attitudes. Do you know of any reason why a wiggly worm shouldn’t be the most yummy and nutritious treat imaginable? You can’t say you don’t like the taste because the truth is you haven’t eaten one. Perhaps, you are not as openminded as you think. If you hope to understand goblins, set aside your preconceptions. Goblins have habits that will bother and upset people who believe they know how things should be.
Goblins prefer the dark and take a fancy to deep caverns. Their world is riddled with tunnels and is more three dimensional than the world of men. Humans live on the earth’s flat surface while goblins inhabit many levels within the passages and hives they excavate in the earth. Some Spore once resided in farms and in villages much as we do. These surface goblins dwelt on the edge of our world at the far periphery of our kingdoms. They cultivated Bere, or as you know it, as their staple grain. From bere, goblins brewed ale they consumed in large quantities and distilled a malt used for social recreation and as a key ingredient in medicines for treating all manner of illness.
For millennia, surface goblins fought against men for their survival. With each generation, goblin fortunes ebbed and flowed, and most believed the struggle would continue for millennia.
***
This tale is about an age when men, goblins and cross-breeds shared a corner of the world. Cross-breeds, outcasts who are half-goblin and half-man, were rare even then. Both goblins and humans frowned upon miscegenation, a prejudice that persists until our time. Humans thought of goblins as animals, or worse, as monsters. Their theologians debated whether cross-breeds had a soul. Goblins were equally xenophobic. Spore elders taught that humans were kin to feral swine—only less intelligent.
Old attitudes never completely die. If the thought of a woman mating with a scrawny, yellow goblin is repulsive to you, ask yourself, “Why?”
***
Our story begins on the Isle of Uisgebeatha, an ancient rock anchored in one of the world’s forgotten places. The sea has chiseled the rock’s edges into sheer cliffs. The wind that constantly rakes the island has left it almost treeless. A small wood survives in a valley on the isle’s east side. It takes two days to walk the island’s length, but few find a reason to make the journey. Most goblins inhabiting the rock are content to toil their small plots or fish along the rugged coast. Patches of thorny gorse find places to thrive amid the heather-covered slopes. Almost any time of the year, one can see patches of gorse in yellow bloom. The Spore have a saying, “when the gorse is in blossom, kissing is in season.” In other words—about any time. Goblins have lived on the island for as long as anyone can remember, but the standing stones and stone circles that dotted the tops of promontories speak of an earlier age now forgotten.
We commence our tale on the night a cross-breed, named Trak, is required to demonstrate his metal casting skill to the elders of the craft guilds. For fifteen years Trak has toiled for Baelock Swordbeater, the metal smith who serves the island’s goblin duke. For fifteen years the apprentice has built forges and constructed bellows. He has hammered bronze swords and decorated their surfaces with abstract geometric designs and legendary creatures. In truth, he has avoided cleaning ashes out of fire pits and repairing pots, but in most respects he has been a model apprentice.
To pass from apprentice to master smith, Trak must demonstrate his ability to cast bronze. On this night the cross-breed’s skill will be tested. It is his rite of passage. Although years have gone into preparing for this one event, everything could be lost. If he fails badly, he will not be given a second chance. Trak knows he must not fail. Becoming a Master Smith is his only chance to escape a stifling existence.
Baelock is not permitted to help, not even to offer advice. It unnerves Trak to feel Baelock stare at him as he painstakingly prepares the kiln, crushes the ore, and grinds the charcoal. He senses the pride Baelock feels in the care he takes in each step of the process. Baelock watches as he carves six wax dirks emblazoned with symbols of power. He hears Baelock sigh audibly when the elegant wax creations are encased in clay and vaporized to produce molds for the casting. When Trak has stacked charcoal around the ceramic crucible containing the precise mixture of tin and copper ores, he is ready—eager for the testing to begin.
As the leaders of the various guilds gather, Baelock Swordbeater welcomes his peers nervously. He is sure Trak will do well, but something might always go wrong, and there is the nagging fear in the back of his mind that his apprentice will try one of his ‘stunts’ to impress the elders and have it backfire.
About twenty guild members are present. As expected, the potters from the local village are the first to arrive. The two little goblin sisters, Nam and Drag Claydigger, live for social occasions and take a special interest in Baelock. In their wicker basket, they bring enough neeps and kohlrabi to last the night. Trak wonders how the toothless glassblower will chew the hard tubers. Fortunately, the glassblower arrives with an ample supply of soft bread. The cooper who makes the barrels for the castle arrives with a cask of fresh ale. Baelock is surprised when Wreen Wormclaw, the metal smith from the other side of the island and his chief rival, shows up and contributes a basket of apples.
The guild members are there to relax and eat. They will enjoy flustering the examinee with their questions. In the end, they will judge the results of the examination. Whatever the outcome, it will reflect on Baelock’s reputation as a smith and teacher. Metal regard themselves as the elite of the crafting professions. Baelock knows his fellow smiths will suffer embarrassment if the evening doesn’t go well.
***
As is customary, the testing is staged at night when the luminescent glow of hot metal is most magical to behold. When the judges are seated on benches in front of the clay forge, a smith from another village calls for Trak to step forward and begin. The large cross-breed walks in from the shadows; on his bare pectoral a fresh tattoo is visible. It is his personal mark, placed on his chest in black ink. It consists of a zigzag entwining a vertically positioned sword.
Trak circles the forge In the darkness he removes a burning fagot from the coals of a small fire. Facing the six cardinal directions, he draws in the air symbols of power to mark the boundaries for the night’s ceremony. He addresses the spirits of his ancestors and asks them to witness his rite of passage. The cross-breed isn’t sure who his ancestors are, but he is certain they will find him. They are his spirits after all. The potter sisters shift warily. Spirits of dead Spore are one thing, but they are uncomfortable with having the spirits of dead men in their company. Hopefully, the pig faced spirits will decline to attend or, if they do, will be well behaved. Trak pushes the fagot into the forge and watches the oil soaked-charcoal burst into flame. That went well, he thinks.
He steadily pumps the bellows a score of scores to bring the kiln to its maximum temperature. Only the whoosh of the bellows and the cracking of the coals break the silence. Actually, if he listens carefully, Trak hears the potters gnawing on tubers. He looks up and sees they are using hand signs to gossip with the barrel maker. At least they aren’t talking about me. He tells himself, “This evening is important only to me and perhaps Baelock; for the others this is just a party. Better they should ignore my performance than search for my mistakes.” As a cross-breed, he is wary of bigots that hate him solely because of his mixed parentage.
An owl flies by and screeches. The potters feel certain it is one of the cross-breed’s human ancestors arriving late. After an additional hour of pumping, during which time the heads of some of the guild members nod sleepily, he declares the transformation complete. Nothing remains but to pour the molten metal into the molds and wait. The red glow of the open kiln sends his shadow stretching across the rocky, heather-covered landscape as he pours the luminescent, molten earth into the waiting molds.
Nothing in his life embodies the mystery and beauty of the unknown as does the flow of the hot, glowing, orange metal. It is the earth’s ethereal form. The transformation of rock into metal is the most magical event in his otherwise drab life. He has not yet realized that his thirst for magic will become the driving force of his existence.
***
This casting is the most important of Trak’s life. It is his casting from start to finish. If successful, he passes the first part of the two-part examination. As the molds cool, the second stage of the examination begins. He stands motionless in front of the forge silhouetted by its glow. The judges are ready to ask their questions. They will not go easy on a candidate who is an outsider and a cross-breed. Baelock shifts uneasily, but he can see that Trak stands confidently with his sinewy arms crossed in front of his sweating torso.
Standing bare-chested, his blonde hair blowing in the breeze and wearing only a leather apron, leggings and heavy boots, he is a simile for the smiths of legend. By goblin standards the cross-breed is huge and powerfully built, although his facial features are more pig faced than goblin. The cross-breed’s countenance and youthful vigor gall Wreen Wormclaw, the metal smith from across the island, who sits impatiently waiting.
Wreen jumps at the chance to ask the first question; he intends to take his revenge on Baelock by humbling his young upstart. “Your bellows be most clever; it appears they have seen a lot of good service. Be it one of Baelock’s inventions?” 
Trak catches the implication immediately. If he has used a bellows made by another smith, he fails his examination on a technicality. Fortunately, he can answer that it was a bellows of his own design that he made some months ago. Wreen sits fidgeting on the bench while the potters ask Trak in a friendly, complimentary manner how he creates the fanciful designs he engraves on his work. When the potters finish gushing over Trak’s artistic gifts, Wreen tries again. A weak smile cracks on Wreen’s face as he asks, “Please explain the magic you use to transform dead rock into living metal.”
Baelock wants to yell “foul!” He understands that Wreen expected to be named the duke’s smith when the former smith died in the last war, and how the opportunity was lost when Baelock showed up out of nowhere and stole the position. Still, that is no reason why Wreen should ask his apprentice a question no one can answer.
Trak’s heart speeds up a notch. He remembers what the ancient goblin in the forest taught him about the mysteries and extemporizes, “In all things, both animate and inanimate, there is a spirit. The rock’s spirit sleeps until it is awakened by fire. It is the task of the smith to guide the quickened rock to its destiny.” Trak has no idea if he is correct; neither does Wreen. Baelock likes the answer; his apprentice has learned a thing or two from the old Spore who lives in the forest.
Wreen Wormclaw is not about to back off. The cross-breed is too clever; he needs to be taught a lesson. He poses a puzzle that makes no sense, believing it would fluster anyone. “If gold be the metal of the sun and silver be the metal of the moon, what be the metal of the earth?”
Trak stands silent for a moment. Wreen thinks I’ve got ‘im good. He looks forward to witnessing Baelock’s embarrassment when his apprentice decompensates. Trak is angry. “Gobshite!” Trak says to himself. “Why is this second-rate smith, whom I don’t even know, going after me?” He casts a glance at Baelock who only shrugs his shoulders as if to say, “Ye be on your own.”
Trak calms himself as the old Spore had taught him. He replies, “The answer, Master Wormclaw, is quicksilver.” He remembers Baelock has instructed him not to pull any stunts, but he isn’t going to be bullied by Wreen.
“When the world was young, Mikol Blackface, the Earth’s first smith was challenged by the smiths of the sun and the moon to a contest to see whose metal was the greatest. The other smiths thought that Mikol would be easily defeated since everyone knows the earth has no precious metal of its own, but only the metals that fall from the celestial spheres above. The moon’s smith brought forth an intricately carved silver ring that shown like moonlight on a still lake. The sun’s smith displayed a polished ring that radiated like daffodils in the morning sun. Surely, there was no metal in the earth that could match the beauty of silver and gold. But Mikol was clever. He gathered cinnabar from the earth and placed it on a bed of hot coals. The heat transformed the red earth into quicksilver, a metal that was as brilliant as gold and as luminescent as silver and what’s more flowed like water even when cool.”
Wormclaw’s response is contemptuous. “That be a pretty story, boy, but ye haven’t convinced anyone that quicksilver be superior to silver and gold!”
The cross-breed disappears into Baelock’s hut. Wormclaw gleefully expects Trak has given up and won’t return. The other guild members shift in their seats uncomfortably. Baelock suspects that Wreen will oppose Trak’s advancement no matter what he does. Trak can’t transition to a master smith unless every smith present agrees.
Trak emerges carrying a crucible filled with a bright red powder. Wreen recognizes cinnabar, the ore from which quicksilver is made. “Master Smith,” Trak asks, “May I borrow that magnificent gold ring you are wearing?” Wreen reluctantly removes his ring and hands it to Trak. The owl screeches twice more, and everyone senses that something important is about to happen.
Trak sets the crucible on top of the kiln. The guild members gather around to watch the flame turn the cinnabar into brilliant quicksilver. When the metal is fully formed, Trak says, “Master Smith, you asked me why quicksilver is superior to gold and silver, and I will show you.” He drops the gold ring into the quicksilver.
Wreen Wormclaw panics. He knows that quicksilver will dissolve gold and silver. He grabs the tongs out of Trak’s hands and retrieves his ring. The ring is hot and burns his hands as he fumbles it about until he is satisfied that it is not seriously damaged. When he sees the broad grins on the faces of his peers, he becomes angry, stomps out of the ceremony, and heads home. The suppressed chuckles of the guild members acknowledge that the cross-breed has gotten the better of Wormclaw.
The questioning lasts until dawn. Trak doesn’t disappoint. There is no hint of uncertainty in his voice as he lends every word impact. As dawn arrives, it is time to open the molds and judge the results. Not every casting is a success; even experienced smiths suffer inexplicable failures. Trak holds his breath and smashes open the molds to reveal his castings. The guild leader examines the six dirks, hoping to find flaws. When he doesn’t, he is faced with a conundrum. He has no reason to fail the cross-breed, but he can’t bestow the Master Smith title on Trak unless Wormclaw agrees.
Trak waits, wanting to hear the guild leader speak the words traditionally uttered when an apprentice passes his examination. But instead of saying “Well done, Master Smith,” the guild leader apologetically announces that the results are inconclusive. He is required by custom to confer with Wormclaw before announcing his decision.
The ordeal ends on a sour note. There is no clapping and clacking of teeth. The judges offer no words of congratulation. They just leave. Baelock looks at the untouched cask of celebratory wine. He is too frustrated by the evening’s outcome to enjoy even a flagon. He feels bitterness toward Wormclaw and the provincial peasants that inhabit the island. He isn’t angry with Trak, exactly; the boy did his part. He offers Trak an apologetic shrug of his shoulders and moves his muscular frame slowly toward a pile of straw in the back of his hut. He needs sleep. He has done his best to ready the boy for the examination but worries that somehow Trak’s failure is his fault. He sees no way Trak can advance to Master Smith if Wreen adamantly blocks it. He will speak to Wreen; perhaps he can be persuaded.


Chapter 2

Isle of Uisgebeatha: The Alchemist

As Baelock sleeps, Trak’s day is just beginning. The boy has already turned his disappointment into anger. Trak knows nothing of how Baelock stole Wreen’s chance to be the duke’s smith. From his perspective Wreen is just another half-breed hating bigot. Trak’s frustration boils inside him as he makes his way to Krage’s broch to ignite the fire that heats the lower chamber. About five years ago, Krage Oregile, the duke’s alchemist, approached Baelock and arranged for Trak to work for him. The job is easy, and the arrangement generates the small amount of currency the master smith requires to buy raw materials for his trade.
After splashing his body with cold water and putting on a fresh shirt, Trak bolts out of the hut and strides up the hill toward the castle. He is already late. The rocky path takes him by scores of thatched huts that form the core of the village. The wattle and daub huts are the homes and workshops of the servants and craftsmen that serve the castle.
Spore marry for life, but often, married couples do not live together. They tend to live in occupational units. Metal smiths live with other smiths, potters with potters and barrel makers with barrel makers. Children are placed in units at an early age, according to the career chosen for them. It is not always a career followed by one of the parents. Everything depends on what the community needs.
Trak waves at a young potter who stands at the door of his hut. Trak works with the potter when he needs a crucible or ceramic tip for his bellows. The potter doesn’t wave back. He has already heard of my failure, Trak thinks. He passes by other villagers beginning their daily routines and is similarly ignored. 
The local population tolerates the cross-breed outsider, but they never admit him to their close-knit circles. He has no real place in the community. Trak is frustrated that there is no place he fits in. Trak thinks himself as one of the chickens and pigs the villagers keep penned next to their huts—useful but not something to get attached to. Master Smith or Apprentice, nothing will ever change for me as long as I stay in this village, Trak laments.
Trak does not know where he came from or who his parents are. Typically, Spore have two names. The first is a given name and the second a family name that refers to a special accomplishment of a famous ancestor. Sometimes a goblin whose actions are particularly meritorious is awarded a new last name by his liege lord. Trak has no family name. He is just Trak, a name given him by Baelock. If he wants a last name, he will have to earn it.
Years ago the smith told him the last war claimed his parents. Trak and other orphans were brought to the island to be adopted by its inhabitants. He is expected to serve the duke for as long as he lives. The arrangement is not all bad. He has a warm place to sleep and food to eat. Baelock has, in fact, shown him much kindness and treats him more like a promising apprentice than a servant.
Trak’s thoughts keep returning to his basic dilemma—he doesn’t belong on the island but doesn’t have anywhere to go. If he stays, he can only be Baelock’s assistant. He wants to run his own smithy, but where can he go to build a new life? Is there any place that a cross-breed can fit in? Would the duke even permit him to leave?
He approaches two small, nearly naked goblets who sword play with sticks. When they see Trak, they incorporate him into their game. “Here comes the troll!” shouts one boy. They point their swords at Trak and jook about him, staging a mock attack. They don’t get too close, because the troll is large and scary. The children nickname Trak the “Troll,” not just because he is big and hairy, but also because of the way he walks. Trak has a human’s striding, flat-footed gait that goblins find troll-like. Goblins are much nimbler than men. They virtually spring on their bowed legs as they bound from place to place.
Trak is in no mood to play games. On most days Trak’s loneliness doesn’t matter, but today he is angry and wallowing in self-pity. He makes a feigned lunge at his two attackers and roars in his most troll-like voice. They run off squealing in their high-pitched lisping voices when Trak makes an eerie whistle that mimics the wind blowing through the trees on a stormy night. The cross-breed makes sounds that fascinate and frighten goblin children. The young goblets like to tease Trak, but older children keep their distance. They find the cross-breed too different to befriend and too big to intimidate.
Trak needs to get to the broch. Later that morning, the duke’s children will arrive to begin their daily lesson, while Trak tends the fire and goes about his chores. On most days he relishes his good fortune. Working for Krage exposes him to the education reserved for the high born of the goblin kingdom. Trak hangs on every word the alchemist utters. Trak has no idea what purpose it serves to memorize royal lineages, the history of the kingdom, the rules of statesmanship or the high language used at court, but he absorbs the fundamentals of courtly protocol as eagerly as he absorbs the lectures on mathematics and astrology. It never occurs to Trak that his good fortune might be more than coincidence.
To reach the broch, Trak passes through the yett, the castle’s outer gate. The castle is perched on a cliff jutting out over the western sea; it is approachable only from the east. As he crosses the drawbridge, he waves to a sleepy guard. “You’re late,” the guard grunts in response.
The broch is a tall, circular tower built eons ago as a fortified residence. A few centuries back, it was incorporated into the inner wall of a fortress. Built of grey slate, the castle intimidates friend and foe. The Isle of Uisgebeatha with its castle, small villages, farms and mines, occupies the southwestern edge of the goblin kingdom and is in little danger from a direct invasion by the men who occupy the southern half of the mainland. Even seafaring marauders are an unlikely threat since the cliffs surrounding the island offer poor beachheads for warships. Only a small dock on the east side of the island is able to accommodate sea-going vessels.
With the sun at his back, Trak stares up at the brightly lit hulk of the broch; he muses that he has never been higher than the second floor, which serves as the alchemist’s library and bedroom. His duties confine him to the main floor, which functions as a kitchen and classroom or to the food larders that share the cellar with centuries of accumulated junk.
To enter the broch, Trak passes through a narrow passage set in its thick outer wall. A tandem of heavy wooden doors protects the passage. Murder-holes located in the ceiling above the corridor permit boiling oil to be poured on any intruder who manages to breach the outer door. Access to the upper floors of the broch and battlements is possible only through a spiraling staircase built into the tower’s outer wall.
Trak hears the alchemist’s dog Dun bark. Krage is always aloof and mysterious, but his small, yellow dog greets Trak warmly. For a goblin to own a dog is astonishing. Goblins hate dogs and don’t keep them—not even for food. Trak realizes that because of his dog, visitors never surprise Krage.
***
Glowing embers greet Trak when he stirs the ash of the previous day’s fire. He knows the hearth needs a cleaning, but decides that, unless the alchemist complains, the chore can wait. Within minutes, he has the fire blazing once again. He grabs a bucket and, accompanied by the yellow dog, passes through the back door of the broch and down a long corridor built into the defensive wall of the castle. Upon reaching the inner courtyard, he fetches well water for the tea the duke’s children would drink as they listen to the alchemist’s lesson.
The duke’s household includes his three sons, ages 18, 15 and 12, and a niece, Dorla Giantslayer, of 16 years whom the duke adopted after his brother was killed in the last war. Although Trak has spent most mornings for the last five years in the same room with these children; none has bothered to learn his name. To them, Trak is the lowliest of servants, a cross-breed child, the detritus of war, salvaged solely for his economic value.
On one occasion, Dorla abruptly entered the broch and collided with Trak as he swept the slate floor. Trak bowed and in his most elegant manner uttered, “My Lady, I beg you to excuse my clumsiness.” Trak despairs that this is as close to courtly banter as he will ever come.
When Trak looks into Dorla’s face expecting to see a trace of recognition or perhaps revulsion, he sees only passive indifference. He thinks she is the most elegant creature he has ever seen. The gracefulness of her alluring walk contrasts with the ungainliness that characterizes the movements of most goblins. Trak longs to inhabit her world.
Krage typically wears a sky-blue robe and pointed cap trimmed with white rabbit fur. Sitting in the classroom on his tall stool, he looks most wizardly. Although in his fifth decade and approaching old age, Krage is still vigorous. He is often seen crisply walking with his yellow dog across the island for no other reason than for invigoration.
Each morning Krage delivers a lesson in the high court language which isn’t so much a separate language as an elegant extension of the common tongue. It combines hand gestures and voice intonations with many borrowed, foreign words and grammatical innovations. The affect is erudite. Trak grasps the nuances without difficulty and is resentful that he has no opportunity to demonstrate his competence.
Nothing escapes the alchemist’s attention. Once during a grammar lesson, Farg Giantslayer, the eldest son, complained to the alchemist about the difficulty of the exercise. “Education is wasted on this dumb oaf,” Trak said to himself, smirking. He looked up and saw Krage staring at him, his face frozen in a cold frown. He realized Krage had read the disgust on his face. In the future, he was more careful to cradle his contempt.
Farg would inherit the duke’s lands and titles, while the younger brothers would become Farg’s sworn swords and administer parts of the island as tax collectors and local judges. None of the brothers had an interest in anything beyond military topics. Once they grasped basic arithmetic and achieved a modest level of literacy, their interest in scholarship ended. Krage has the impossible task of meeting the needs of the niece and at the same time holding the attention of the brothers. His solution is to add an extra hour of instruction to the end of the morning lesson.
When the brothers go off to the training yard, Krage and the niece discuss all manner of arcane subjects. As Trak prepares the midday meal, his mind alternates between actively participating in the discussion and fantasizing about the day when the niece will passionately surrender herself to his embrace.



The Alchemist Krage in his Broch.



Chapter 3

Isle of Uisgebeatha: The Old Goblin

When the morning’s lesson is over, Trak realizes that Baelock would still be asleep. He decides to visit the forest and query the she-goblin about his origins. Since he began working for Krage, he only rarely has time to visit his ancient friend.
Trak has never seen a man and isn’t exactly sure how a cross-breed differs from a full-blooded human. He can see that he is larger and stronger than the other children, but he attributes his size in part to his labors in the smithy and uncertainty about his true age. He guesses he is about 18, but his height suggests that he is older. 
Spore are beardless or nearly so, and four years ago, he noticed the appearance of facial hair, which he considered too blonde to be noticeable. Perhaps his blue eyes and hairiness distinguish him most clearly from full blood goblins, but the old she-goblin in the woods told him a few Spore on the mainland also possess these traits. Like all Spore he has seen, his skin bears a yellow hue, but he lacks the pale translucency possessed by some goblins. Although he is fairer than the darkest goblins, his skin color is not unlike that of the duke’s children or, for that matter, of Krage, the alchemist.
As he walks through the forest, he thinks back more than twelve years ago, to when he made his first journey up the same path and stumbled on the old Spore’s cave. He remembers peering through the wattle and daub wall that covered the cave’s entrance to be startled by the oldest goblin he had ever seen. A hairless, wrinkled sack of bones, he thought. She was at her fireplace stirring a pot. Without even looking up she said, “Hello, little one. Who might ye be?”
When he told her his name, she responded, “Trak! Now that is an unusual name. Ye are missing your family name. Did ye lose it somewhere? Well, it is good ye came to see me, I can help ye find it again. The first thing to be decided is whether ye lost your ancestors or they lost ye?”
“Sit!” said the old Spore pointing to her table. She handed Trak a glass of tea and demanded, “Drink this! Ye look like ye need herbs to strengthen your blood.”
She has an odd way of speaking and says the strangest things, Trak thought.
She picked up her large magnifying glass and looked into Trak’s eyes. He looked back startled. The glass puffed up the old Spore’s face. It was huge and distorted. The glass was some kind of magic, Trak thought. The old goblin handed the glass to Trak and said, “See what ye can learn about the world that ye didn’t know before ye came here.”
Trak passed the glass over his hand and realized it was covered by thousands of tiny creases. “My fingers are swirly,” Trak announced. The old goblin fetched some black soot from her hearth, dusted the tips of his fingers, and pressed them onto parchment. “This trick will make the patterns easier to study.”
Trak used the glass to study the swirly marks his fingers made on the parchment. “Does everyone have swirls on their fingers?” He wondered if being a cross-breed made his fingers different.
“Yes, everyone has the marks, but I have never found two people with the same marks,” she replied. “The patterns are more unique than a name. I believe your ancestors know your marks and can use them to recognize ye. Hang this parchment near where ye sleep and they will find ye.”
The boy left the cave believing he had discovered a way to be reunited with his family. “Haste ye back! There is much in the world that ye need to learn.” Months later, when Trak complained that the parchment didn’t work, the old goblin retorted, “Of course it did. Your ancestors now know exactly where ye be. Your problem is half solved. Now ye must find them.”
***
On his second visit to the old Spore’s cave, he was delighted to discover she rescued an owl chick that had fallen from its nest. The chick was sleeping with his talons tightly wrapped around a branch the old Spore had jammed in a crack in the cave’s wall. Trak came everyday to bring the owl a scrap of meat. Once, when the owl was tearing at the meat with his talons, the old goblin said, “The way the owl uses his feet resembles hand-talk. I once heard a tale about a wizard who talked to a magical owl using sign language.” As she spoke the words, she signed, “How did you like your dinner?” When she received no reply, the old goblin said, “Of course, this owl be too young. He needs a teacher. I don’t have the time for such an effort. He looks like a slow learner.”
“Could I teach him?” Trak asked eagerly. “You teach me, and I’ll teach the owl. It would be wonderful to have a magical owl. She taught Trak to sign one sentence a day, and each day Trak stood in front of the owl and signed everything he had learned. The old goblin said, “I think the owl wants to answer but still doesn’t know how.” She began signing how the owl might respond to Trak’s questions. She became the owl’s interpreter. Trak asked the owl “What is your name?” The owl sat there motionless with his feathers fluffed and one eye closed. The other eye stared unblinkingly at Trak. The she-goblin signed, “I am Whitecloud, Prince of the Forest.”
“What! How could he being saying that or anything else? He hasn’t moved!” Trak protested. “You are making things up.”
She smiled and replied, “When ye have studied owls as long as I, ye will know that there be many ways they communicate.” At the end of the summer, the owl flew off. Trak still looked for it hunting its dinner in the island’s fields. Whenever he spotted Whitecloud, he would greet the prince with the appropriate hand-talk.
***
Except when a villager came seeking an herbal remedy, the old Spore’s time with Trak was almost the only contact she had with others. She seemed content. The natural world was the center of her existence. For several years Trak diligently trekked to her cave to learn new things. She opened Trak’s mind to the world outside the island. Her biggest challenge was teaching Trak to read and write.
She explained, “The goblin writing system evolved out of the hand-talk ye have already learned. Traders once used hand signs to communicate with foreigners. Stick drawings of hand gestures became the symbols that represented the most important words in the language.” Using her hands, she signed, “The king ascends the throne.” Then using chalk, she drew on slate the goblin glyphs that said the same thing. Trak studied the slate and recognized a glyph composed of five converging curved lines. It resembled the cupped hand and open fingers that were the hand sign for “crown” or “king.” A circle topped by a single straight line mimicked a closed fist with the thumb extended skyward that meant “ascended.” He recognized that the semicircle topped by two straight lines was a combination of a downward curving palm and two upright fingers that together meant “chair.”
The old Spore wrote a series of glyphs on the slate and asked Trak to read what she had written. With prompting, Trak figured out the glyphs. “I can read!” he exclaimed.
“You have made a good beginning,” said the old goblin, but you will find there are many complicated ideas that are difficult to express using hand symbols. You must now learn the alphabet.” She explained that all words could be written using the twenty-one letters in the goblin alphabet. Trak learned to write his name. By adding an extra slash mark, a vowel went from short to long, and Trak became Trake. Placing a squiggle in front of a verb indicated the action will happen in the future and cross behind meant something happened in the past.
Goblins loved to write compound words. It allowed them to combine the phonetic symbols taken from the alphabet with the glyphs derived from hand gestures. A very long word could be written several ways. Accomplished writers delighted in inventing new ways to write a word. It was considered erudite to avoid writing a word the same way twice. It was not necessary to learn the hand signs to be able to write, but knowing the hand gestures enabled one to read old tomes and communicate in silence. After two years of daily practice, Trak mastered the letters and could phonetically write any word he heard even if he didn’t know its meaning. At ten years of age, he was one of the few literate inhabitants of the island.
When signing one’s name, it was customary to add an identifying mark, such as a family lineage glyph. In Trak’s case, he had to invent one of his own. Even illiterate smiths stamped their creations with a personal mark. Trak considered many possible candidates for his identifying glyph before selecting a conflation of two symbols, a zigzag superimposed on an upheld sword. The zigzag represented the leaves of a bellows. Trak thought, a sword and a bellows were appropriate symbols for a smith. It was this mark that Baelock, with a sharp needle and charcoal, tattooed on Trak’s chest.
***
Trak learned to address the old Spore as “Mother,” the polite way to speak to an old female goblin. From listen to the old goblin, Trak learned how to weave a tale. She couldn’t resist enlivening Trak’s world with wondrous tales of ancient sorcerers and legendary heroes. Trak would watch mesmerized as the wrinkles above her eyes, where her eyebrows would have been if she had hair, rose and fell to match the mood of her story. She made her wrinkles bend and twist to mimic dozens of personalities.
Without access to parchment, Trak developed the capacity to remember much of what he read or heard. The old Spore possessed a few tattered, handwritten books she said came from a former employer. They were mostly concerned with plant lore. Trak read them aloud as the old Spore challenged him to express clearly his opinions and observations.
The old mother showed Trak her collection of elf bolts—flint and obsidian arrowheads, which she discovered over the years in plowed fields. She let Trak hold each bolt, feel its sharp edges and appreciate its craftsmanship. “They were made by forest elves and be charged with magic. With one tiny bolt, an elf could kill an evil spirit,” she assured Trak. She saved her best bolt for last. It was a black, obsidian blade as long as her forearm. “I call this one Dragon Killer because it be made to slay a monster,” she informed Trak.
“Are there still elves in the forest?” Trak asked.
“I can’t say I’ve seen one,” replied the old goblin, “but that doesn’t mean they aren’t there. If ye believe in the strange and unbelievable, ye will never be caught unprepared. Perhaps ye will see an elf this very day. The trick is to always be on the lookout.” The old goblin could make sticks and stones come alive and speak across time.
He and the old mother read aloud The Legends of Woddin so often that Trak could recite the epic as well as any bard. The story was close to the old goblin’s heart; it told of a sorcerer that smote a dragon into nine pieces and used his magic to change each part of the worm into one of the nine sacred herbs. Each of the sacred herbs was an antidote for a different type of venom that blew on the wind and caused disease. When Trak cockily bragged that he knew all there was to know about the nine herbs, the mother sent him into the forest to collect a sample of each. Most were easy to find. Wormwort was a tall perennial with reddish stems and long green leaves with whitish undersides. It gave good dreams and restored vigor. The legends said it had power against any loathsome foe that might be roving the land.
Waybread, he recognized by its tall, cylindrical leaves and yellow flowers that evolved into a gelatinous seedpod in the fall. With the leaves, Trak could draw out the poisons of biting insects and stem bleeding. Stune or Watercress was an evergreen perennial that was a tonic for the body and soul. Chamomile or Maythen, as some call it, lifted the spirit and cured fungal rot. Two common plants, Nettle to provide nutrients and Crab Apples to renew energy, were easy to find. It was said that Thyme could restore the will to live. When eaten frequently, Fennel guaranteed good eyesight and courage in battle. Trak found them all, but the last herb, Atterlothe, the venom loather, Trak could not find, although its tall stem ringed by blue flowers should have been easy to spot. It was the herb of the sun, the only cure for the bite of the rock viper.
After two days of searching for Atterlothe, Trak reported to the old mother that he had failed. Perhaps the season isn’t right, he suggested. She said, “When ye find it, tell me. I have looked for it the last seventy years.”
“You mean you have never found it?” Trak asked.
“No, I mean I haven’t found it in the last seventy years. The plant was once easy to find in the valley where my ancestors lay buried,” she replied.
***
He once asked if there were any stories about heroic cross-breeds. “No.” she said, but then, after a pause, added, “Of course, there is the Prophecy of the Betrayer, but that is only a superstition.” When Trak looked puzzled, she added, “According to the legend a half-bred will be born who becomes a great leader but eventually betrays his people.”
It didn’t sound like a story that Trak wanted to hear, but he asked, “Which half of himself does he betray—his human or his Spore half?”
“I couldn’t say, but apparently both Spore and men come to believe he has betrayed them. It is foretold he will unite the two races and wage an apocalyptic war against evil. The prophecy is a core belief among the people on the mainland who still practice magic and the old faith.
“Real magic?” asked Trak.
“Well perhaps, but not the incredible magical feats recounted in the legends. The followers of the ancient faith live in Holy Mountain in a temple called the ‘Septantrak’ because they follow the teachings of Septan, the first Thaumaturgist. The title means Wonder Worker. The Thaumaturgist is the head sorcerer of the temple. He, or sometimes she, advises the high king, the Ard Ri, and accompanies the royal army into battle. Septan was such an important ancestor that we call ourselves the ‘Spore of Septan’ or just ‘Spore’ for short.”
“The faithful speak of two spirits, Shenal Ken, the Earth Spirit and Tironock Kan, her divine opposite, as supreme deities, but they believe a spirit inhabits all things, both animate and inanimate. No spirit ever dies. When you eat, the spirit of the food joins with the eater’s spirit. If a food makes you sick, it is because its spirit is fighting yours.”
“When a person dies and the flesh decays, their spirit stays in the world. It doesn’t journey to some other place or to some other dimension. Your ancestors are always about. If you are worthy, they will watch over you. If you offend them, they torment you. Ancestors rarely make themselves visible to the living, but you know they are here because if you stand quietly, you can feel their presence. Spore attribute all manner of phenomena to their ancestors. When something strange or unexpected happens, it is probably because an ancestor is telling you something. When the wind blusters or it hails, the ancestors are angry. When a sunbeam breaks through a cloud, it is a sign that your ancestors are warning you to be vigilant.”
The goblins on the Isle of Uisgebeatha have an innate spirituality, but they adhered to no structured belief system and followed no religious leader. Magic is a part of their everyday lives, although much of what Spore call magic, the old goblin regards as superstitious nonsense and nothing more than chance coincidences. “Real magic is the ability to control natural forces.” She has spent years seeking in her plant world the source of the power that brings forth new life each spring. “To possess this knowledge is to have power over life itself.”
Trak catches her enthusiasm and dreams of wielding magic. “If I possess magic, I can command respect.”
“Did the Wonder Workers create the stone circle that sits on the cliff overlooking the Western Sea?” he asks. The circle of stones is one of Trak’s favorite retreats. He goes there to stare out over the ocean and dream. It is his liminal space where the boundary between his life on the island and all that ever was or could be imagined is easily crossed.
“No,” the old goblin replies. “The stones be from the age when elves lived on the island. The elves worshiped the moon. That be why there are thirteen stones in the circle, one for each of the full moons that make up a lunar year. The legend that the stones are thirteen maidens petrified by a sorcerer be a local superstition.”
***
Baelock taught Trak a trade, but the old Spore taught him how to survive in a world that despised cross-breeds. Trak asked, “Mother, why spend time thinking about the past or speaking of legendary realms.”
She answered, “A person in the here and now lives only once. A person who dreams lives a thousand lives. In my life, I have journeyed to lands that no one else has ever visited, fought dragons and seen the back side of the moon.”
She sensed Trak’s need to belong and understood his longing to excel and be accepted. Like other insecure children, Trak was eager to show off. The old goblin never rewarded this behavior. Instead, she praised him when he employed the strategies that would allow a cross-breed to succeed in a world split by racial hatred. She would say, “Don’t strut like a barnyard cock” or remind him that his opinions were less important than understanding what someone else was thinking.
The old Spore posed moral dilemmas for Trak to ponder. For every situation she expected Trak to formulate multiple responses, each reflecting a different point of view. She taught, “There are no correct answers, only courses of action that can successfully negotiate complex situations.” It was hard for Trak to approach problems obliquely. His natural inclination was to challenge whatever stood in his way, but with practice he became adept. As she had predicted, he received greater rewards by using her temporizing strategies than if he pursued his objectives directly. Baelock was the usual target of his manipulations. Trak would express support and enthusiasm for whatever Baelock wanted, and then by asking just the right question cause Baelock to rethink and even to reverse his position. Mostly, Trak enjoyed pleasing Baelock, but if needed, he could divert Baelock just enough to achieve his personal goals.
***
The villagers couldn’t say from where the old goblin came, but some remembered the first time she entered the village. Fifteen years ago she disembarked from a mainland fishing boat and came plodding up the hill from the dock with a sack strapped to her back and a bundle of books in her arms. She looked old even then, like the cracked and worn grey rocks on which she walked. She would take ten steps and pause to catch her breath. In front of Baelock’s hut, she laid down her bundles and sat on a flat rock. She never turned her head. Only an occasional blink betrayed that she was not part of the rock upon which she rested. After a while, Baelock emerged from his hut carrying a bowl of soup and offered it. When she finished sipping her soup, Baelock picked up her bundle and her books and together they walked into the forest.
No one knew her name or cared to ask it. Those who thought she was harmless referred to her as “the old goblin in the woods” while those that feared her labeled her “the witch.” Some thought she was a woodwose, a goblin that had done something so terrible that her family had cast her out. 
She stayed to herself in the forest and was all but forgotten until the year a sickness swept through the village. It afflicted mostly the young and the very old. The sickness filled its victim’s lungs with frothy fluid so they couldn’t breathe. After two villagers died, Baelock fetched the old goblin. She brought an herbal remedy made of ephedra, purple coneflowers and meadowsweet that drew the water out of the lungs, relieved the fever and soothed the chest pain. The sick recovered and were grateful, but others became even more convinced that she was a witch, and one of considerable power.
A fissure inside the cave provided a natural chimney for her cooking fire. Her only furniture was a small table and two chairs. Her books sat on a rock ledge above the straw-covered pallet where she slept. On warm days she would admit sunlight by drawing back the fur pelts that covered the door. In the winter snow drifted against the pelts and insolated the interior she warmed with the dry wood she’d stacked at the back of her cave.
She was clever with her hands. From goat willow and birch bark, she created with no more than a small knife baskets and boxes in which she stored the dried plants she collected for food, seasonings and medicines. She made her clothing from the pelts of rabbits she snared or from bog cotton that she gathered and spun into cloth. Trak asked her why she didn’t make clothes out of the pelts of cats. He offered to steal some cats the village kept for mousers and help her skin them. She declined saying, “It would be cruel; some villagers get attached to their cats.”
Her greatest pleasure was to sit at her table and with quill and ink and draw the plants she collected. She made an array of pigments to record the colors of her specimens. Her large magnifying glass was her most prized possession. It revealed a plant’s tiniest features. Trak would sit at the table opposite the goblin and watch the glass distort her face as she drew her plants and extracted their secrets.
The old Spore thought of illness in terms of imbalance and used herbs to restore equilibrium. She was forever pouring herbal tea into a cup and pushing it at Trak to drink. “But I’m not sick,” he complained. 
She would remind him, “Waiting until ye be sick to take medicine is like digging a well when ye be thirsty. By the time the well be dug, it is too late.” Trak found it disconcerting the way she caressed the bumps on his tongue, stare at his pupils or count his heartbeats, anticipating the effects of the tea.
Some teas were disgusting even though the old goblin added mint and other flavors to disguise their bitterness. Her most powerful tonics were prepared from the distillates she collected using the copper still Baelock made for her. She called it her copper worm after the coil that condensed the gases into concentrated liquids.
Time moved slowly for the old mother. Through a child’s eyes, she moved in slow motion. She could take all morning to walk a league as she stopped to collect plants and check her snares. She liked to talk about her childhood, but Trak could never tell if she was the daughter of a serf or a high born.
The old Spore would sit on the floor beneath sprigs of Sheppard’s Purse, Myrrah, Gravelroot, Skullcap, Maidenhair, and Hyssop that hung drying from the roof of her cave. While Trak read, she sat motionless listening to the forest speak. She said the trees spoke of a primordial time when the Earth Spirit brought forth onto the world goblins and men. As she listened, she allowed the Earth’s Spirit to enter her body. Trak witnessed a faint blue light envelop her motionless figure.
When Trak asked her how she could remain so still. She answered, “I am soaring. My body stays where I leave it, but my spirit be far away.” When Trak asked where she went, she would say, “to my childhood home and to the meadow where my ancestors rest in their tombs. The ancestors be happiest in the strath where their spirits were born and where their bones lie. My visits reassure them their grandchildren and great grandchildren be well.”
Trak figured that the old she-goblin was just daydreaming. Many years later he would understand she was, in fact, the guardian of a great lineage that stretched back to Septan, the first Thaumaturgist.
***
Today, as Trak approaches her forest cave, he sees the old mother standing hunched over her herb garden. She is noticeably more stooped and wrinkled than when they first met. Her pale skin sagged beneath her fur smock. “Greetings, young one.” she signed with her right hand without ever looking up to see him approaching. “What brings ye to the forest this beautiful day?”
“I had my guild examination last night. It didn’t go well. Baelock will not need me until he has had a chance to rest. I was hoping to ask you a question.”
“And what be that?” she replies with a hint of amusement on her face and without questioning him about his examination.
“I know I am a cross-breed, but just what does that mean?”
“Hech hinnie, child! Ye know the answer well enough. One parent be a Spore and the other a man.” She replies matter-of-factly and, noticing his look of frustration, continues, “Spore and men were once one race that eons ago split in two. Hatred between the two groups be so strong that intermarriage is not tolerated, but sometimes in war, a female be raped by an invader and a child results.”
Trak visualizes the grim image and replies, “Are men as brutish as the stories say?”
“Yes, brutes they be; they live for war and seek domination over all creatures, even each other. But remember, your mother may have been a human female forced by a goblin. In your case, that seems unlikely because it be hard to imagine how a cross-breed born to a human would find his way to this island.”
Trak tries to make a joke. “Well, my father may have been a brute, but I bet he was a great whistler,” he laughs. He enjoys reminding others that he has a talent that no goblin can equal.
Trak’s dilemma is immediately obvious to the old Spore. How could he hate the man who raped his mother and not hate a part of himself? She had no solution to offer. “Come! Walk with me and help me gather mushrooms.” They had made many walks in the past where she insisted he name and describe the uses for every plant they passed. The exercise seemed as arcane to Trak as learning a chronologic list of the goblin kings. He never understood why he had to learn to name a hundred types of mushrooms, when only a dozen were edible and there was no conceivable use for the other eighty-eight. Fortunately, he had a good memory and the task was more like a game than a chore.
“Look there,” she says as they walked through a Rowan grove. “Do ye recognize this plant?”
“It is agrimony,” replies Trak. “From its serrated leaves you can make a decoction for treating hot conditions, such as bronchitis and burning bladder. It is good for skin inflammations and is used to treat battlefield injuries.” But then he adds, “The ancients say that if you put dried agrimony in your pillow, you will sleep as though you were dead.” He asks, “Do you remember when the leaves must be gathered?”
“In the summer during early flowering,” his ancient friend replies.
“Yes, and one must not forget to mix the decoction with a gut stimulant or you end up with a blocked bowel.” After years of studying the old goblin’s books on plant lore, he enjoys playing the teacher as well as the student.
It is spring, and Trak realizes that she would be seeking the morels, an ugly, wrinkled fungus that is particularly tasty but hard to find. They talk as Trak leads her to the peaty ground beneath a stand of birch he found fruitful in the past. “What do men look like? What part of me came from my father?” Trak asks as he fills her basket and keeps a few back for Baelock’s dinner.
“Well, for one thing; men stand a head taller, and it looks to me that ye will be taller than any goblin I’ve seen, even taller than Krage who be as tall as a man. Your ears and nose be small and rounded like a man’s. Men be broad-chested and hairy—even the women. Their bushy, facial hair adds a troll-like ferocity to their appearance. Men be clever and often cunning, but they be also unrefined and undisciplined and, therefore, easily tricked. They eat and drink to excess and be fond of crude speech and rough play. This be probably more a consequence of their upbringing than their innateness,” she qualifies so that Trak will not think he is by nature brutish. “Perhaps the greatest difference between men and Spore be in their approach to life. Men strive for what they lack; Spore enjoy what the Spirit has given them. As a cross-breed your features will fall somewhere between the two.”
It is then that Trak resolves to shave off his facial hair. The less he looks like a pig face the better. “How is it that you know so much about men?”
“When I was a girl on the mainland, a human trader would occasionally visit. He spoke the common tongue. I even learned a few of their customs. It is remarkable that they use the word “mourning,” both to refer to grief and as a greeting. Death be never far from their thoughts.”
“Is it true that men have pig tails,” Trak asks.
“If they do, they keep them hidden in their trousers,” the old goblin responds.
Trak sits on a rotten log speaking with his ancient friend. The log is heavily infested with termites. He breaks off a chunk of decayed wood and licks a fingertip that he uses to pick up the white grubs and pop them into his mouth. They have a pleasant, nutty taste. At his feet Trak notices the mud tunnels the worker termites have constructed to connect the rotten log to their underground hive. Seeing the tunnels reminds Trak of how years ago the old mother recounted the myths of the first goblins. 
“Termites be the brothers of the Spore,” she said. “They taught our ancestors how to build tunnels and form social units. From the termites we learned that each of us has a role to play in the community. Some be born as soldiers, others to rule, but most be workers. The workers’ task be to excavate the subterranean hive, build the tunnels that connect the underground world to the world above, and provide for the needs of the rulers and soldiers.”
Trak watches the pale bodies of the workers crawl over the rotted wood he holds in his hand. “They are trying to rescue the larvae before I can pick them up with my finger. Why do they build mud tunnels? Do they hate bright light?” he asks.
“Actually, termites be blind. They build their tunnels to shelter their thin skins from the drying heat of the sun and to protect their communities from their eternal enemies, the ants. Watch!” She uses a stick to scratch through a tunnel. After a couple of minutes, large soldier termites appear and form a defensive perimeter around the workers as they repair the damage.
“The soldiers are much larger than the workers and have huge jaws,” Trak observes.
“Yes, their jaws be so massive that the soldiers can’t feed themselves. Feeding the soldiers be another task given to the workers.”
“How does the termite community maintain the correct balance between workers, soldiers and breeders?”
“That be a question worthy of a naturalist,” she responds. “It seems that the larvae ye so enjoy eating have the potential to develop into a member of any caste. The spirit inside each individual senses what the community needs and guides the larvae into becoming what be required for the community’s survival. We call termites our brothers because they taught us how to build tunnels and divide tasks between workers, soldiers and rulers.
“Are you telling me I’m supposed to be a worker?” Trak asks with a hint of resignation.
“Hech hinnie! No,” laughs the wizened one. “The point of the story be that each of us has a spirit that can sense what the community needs. Ye need to develop into whatever the community requires. When ye are born ye are like a bear’s whelp, just a formless ball of fur. It is the job of their mother to lick the cub into shape.



The old goblin examines a sprig.


Chapter 4

City of Neu Ardonbrae: Butterflies in a Cage

In the residential section of the Septantrak, the goblin’s holy temple, Myrel sits in the butterfly pavilion. She watches Tinga, her best friend, cringe with her eyes tightly closed. An iridescent-blue insect crawls across her face. The other girls laugh and scream hysterically. Tinga is so beautiful, Myrel thinks as she watches her friend play her customary role of group leader and center of attention. The butterfly zoo that Myrel’s mother built is popular with the children who live in the temple. It is constructed out of copper rods and wire to look like a giant, dome-shaped birdcage. It is filled with tropical plants.
Each winter her mother orders hundreds of chrysalides from the warm lands to the south and places them inside the cage. When spring arrives, the insectarium crawls with caterpillars and swarms with a dozen types of butterflies. The zoo reminds her mother of home and summers playing in her father’s gardens.
“Get him off of me. Get him off. I can’t stand the way his tiny feet stick to my skin,” Tinga squeals. Of course, no one comes to her aid; they all enjoy watching her feigned predicament.
When the girls tire of the cage, Tinga suggests that they go to the baths, and they all rush off leaving Myrel alone. The thought of bathing with the other girls horrifies her. She is too self-conscious to expose her huge, ugly, cross-breed body in front of her friends. Although they have grown up together and say they love her dearly, she is sure they pity her the way one pities a deformed child. She is almost weeping when her mother, Queen Meriem, enters the cage through its double gates and sits next to her. “Why are you not with your friends?”
“They went to the baths,” she replies.
The mother knew her daughter well enough to recognize what was troubling her. “Well, you have certainly found an enchanting place to be alone,” she says while scanning all the activity in the cage. She puts her arm around her daughter and holds her close.
“Mother, my friends are so pretty and I am so ugly. How will I ever find someone to love me and take me out of this place? The sisters of the temple want me to join them in a life of service, but I don’t feel the same about the Spirit as they do. I can’t remain here my entire life.”
“I, better than anyone, understand what you are feeling. In the world I came from, I was considered beautiful and had many suitors. My appearance hasn’t changed, but no one here thinks I’m beautiful. I have come to believe that true beauty must transcend the opinions of others. I wish for your sake, I could convince you that you are truly one of the most beautiful of all of the Spirit’s creations, different from others in the way that the butterflies in this cage differ from each other.”
“No, Mother. The butterflies share their beauty with others of their own kind. An eagle and a snake are beautiful in their own way, but if they produced a child it would be a monster.”
“Actually, you would end up with something like a manticore. I’m sure a manticore is quiet pleased by its appearance.” The mother realizes that her efforts are not improving Myrel’s mood. They are both like the butterflies in the cage, destined to endure a half-life in a goblin world that doesn’t accept outsiders. She looks thoughtfully at her daughter’s face and smiles. “I think that from your father and mother you received the best parts of each.”
Myrel was born in the temple after her mother came many years ago. She knows little of her mother’s past. Her mother is not a goblin; she is human and the only human female that the temple workers have ever seen. She is tall and regal and towers over the goblins, but through goblin eyes she appears as a troll-like hulk. The temple servants address her as “Your Highness” because once she was a queen in the kingdom of men in the south.
Her mother once confided to her that she wed an ambitious king that cared only for advancing his power and prestige. He wasn’t mean to her; he just ignored her. Then she met someone that she came to love deeply, and in an act of foolish desperation, she and her lover fled the king’s wrath and came to the temple for protection.
Myrel doesn’t remember her father; he left the temple soon after she was born. Nor can she understand why her father deserted her and her mother. Her mother always says he will return when he can, but Myrel suspects that her mother is holding on to an empty dream. She has stopped believing her mother’s fantasy that her father is on an important mission for the king. After all, what mission could last seventeen years?
Myrel has never left Holy Mountain. Fortunately, the Septantrak, as the temple is named, is huge and provides many opportunities. The construction of the temple began a thoudand years ago and is still in progress. Its chambers have been carved out of an extinct volcano that stands two leagues north of the capital. Visitors must climb a long staircase a third of the way up the volcano to reach the front door.
Twice a year, at winter and summer solstice, the public is admitted to the temple’s Great Hall, a chamber so huge that it is said to be the largest enclosed space on earth. The hall stretches half a league into the mountain. The hall could hold a building twenty stories high if such a building could be constructed. The sienna rock of the volcano forms the temple’s walls. Shafts for light and ventilation have been cut into the rock that forms the vaulted ceiling. The shafts admit enough sunlight to produce eerie, shifting patterns on the floor and on the two rows of blood-red columns that divide the hall into aisles. Mirrors are placed near the ceiling to reflect the sunlight down toward the floor. During the biannual celebrations, the floor of the hall is further illuminated by rows of torches mounted on the walls. Tales of the Great Hall and Holy Mountain are the stuff of legend.
But this is just the hall, and Myrel, like the rest of the public, only enter the hall during scheduled celebrations. Myrel lives with her mother in the residential chambers that are carved in the rock two hundred feet above the hall. Their royal suite is equipped with a balcony that overlooks the capital city.
A thousand temple workers and their families occupy the mountain. The daily religious activities of the temple are carried out in chambers deeper in the volcano. On the top of the mountain gardens are fitted into the volcano’s ancient crater, accessible only by passing through the temple. It is in the gardens that Myrel attends school along with hundreds of other children who live in Holy Mountain. The crater is the only contact the children have with the surface world.
An army of civil servants inhabit the capital and deliver supplies to the temple through an entrance at the base of the mountain. It is here that the queen and her daughter meet the trader who delivers his annual shipment of butterfly cocoons.
Myrel’s life is one of endless routine. As one of the novice sisters, she observes the daily ritual of Greeting the Sun. Her teachers are the best the temple can provide, but Myrel finds the curriculum dry and spiritless because everything taught is first examined for its religious orthodoxy.
Like Tinga and her other friends, Myrel assists in religious ceremonies conducted in the carved chambers of the temple. These mostly consist of chanting and beseeching the Spirit for blessings. The temple workers and even some of her friends claim they have significant religious awakenings during these sessions, but not Myrel. She suspects her friends are delusional or inventing religious experiences to curry favor with the clerics. Her mother, who as a child received a very different sort of religious training, reinforces Myrel’s skepticism. When her mother thinks of the one whom the temple workers call the “Thaumaturgist,” she sees only her lover and not the revered religious leader of the goblin world.



Myrel in her butterfly cage.


Chapter 5 

Isle of Uisgebeatha: The Sword of Tarnished Metal

The old goblin knows all of Trak’s boyhood secrets. On the day he discovers the castle’s underground passages, he has to tell someone. The old Spore listens as he describes how, while arranging the junk that filled the broch’s cellar, he uncovered a passage that led under the inner courtyard of the castle. Trak entered the passage and, ignoring the fetid smell of decay, probed the darkness by following the wet, moss-covered walls until he grew fearful that he would become lost in a maze of branching tunnels. He returned to the broch to get his bearings and, armed with a lamp, quickly determined that many of the side tunnels were blocked by debris or intentionally sealed. The main passage tunneled directly under the inner courtyard to where a worn narrow stairway ascended within the massive outer wall of the keep. It ended at a wooden wall.
Trak could peer through the cracks in the dried wainscot paneling into a large room that served during the day as the duke’s audience chamber and at night as his banquet hall. Trak came often to his hiding place to eavesdrop on the duke and his family.
Since the alchemist spent almost all of his time when he was not lecturing the duke’s children in the upper floors of the broch, Trak could enter the secret passage almost at will. On one expedition, he followed a branching tunnel that angled downhill for two hundred strides before a stone wall blocked the passage. A flicker in his lamp’s flame revealed a breeze passing through cracks in the wall. Trak suspected that behind the wall there was a sea cave that opened in the cliff face below the castle. Exploring other passages proved to be arduous. Trak spent two weeks clearing one passage only to discover that farther on it was blocked once again.
For weeks Trak systematically sorted the junk he found in the cellar. He would stack what he considered worthless on the broch’s kitchen floor for Krage’s perusal. After Krage had given his approval, Trak burned the combustibles and threw the remainder into the sea. The cellar was divided into several small work areas, and Trak realized after he began sorting through the cellar’s junk there had once been order to the way the rooms were utilized. One corner stored armor and weapons and another rugs and tapestries. The large central area had been a workshop where barrels were manufactured. Trak found a glassblowing workshop to be the most intriguing. He removed all the trash that buried the small oven where the glass was heated. All the blowpipes and bending tools were still there along with chunks of raw glass in an assortment of colors.
Krage appeared delighted when he heard of the glassblowing workshop and spent a carefree afternoon firing the oven and skillfully softening a block of green glass that he stuck to the end of a long ceramic pipe. He twirled the pipe in the oven until it was molten and blew the glass into a long-necked flask that he gracefully twisted to create a retort. Trak recognized that it could be used in distillation much like the copper worms that Baelock fashioned. The afternoon was the only time Trak witnessed the alchemist enjoying a playful moment.
As Trak forced the cellar into a semblance of its original order, he made daily trips to the hidden place behind the wall of the duke’s audience chamber. Neither Krage nor Baelock particularly worried when Trak would disappear for long periods. Each assumed that he was with the other or perhaps with the old mother in the forest or talking a stroll with Krage’s small, yellow dog.
***
The duke’s business dealings were tedious. He spent countless hours going over ledgers where he tallied his possessions or reviewed lists of supplies to be purchased from the mainland. While the villagers who lived below the castle were largely self-sufficient, the duke was not. A constant supply of expensive goods had to be imported to satisfy the tastes of his elite household. The duke was preoccupied by money, or rather, his lack of it. It struck Trak that the solution to the duke’s financial problems was to export raw metal made from the copper and tin ores that were abundant on the island. Instead, the duke was forever considering ways to raise rents and charge levies. Trak’s secret visits to the castle’s keep slowed as he tired of hearing about the duke’s expenditures, but occasionally he overheard something that rewarded his efforts, like the conversation between the duke and his niece over her future marriage.
“I don’t want to marry that pimpled-faced boy,” the niece pleaded. “I’d rather spend my life serving in a temple.”
“Dorla, let us reconsider your options again at a later time. Your royal cousin may change his mind before he comes of marriageable age.” The duke was clearly frustrated by the conversation.
One evening Krage joined the duke for dinner, and Trak eavesdropped on their conversation. “How much longer will you remain?” asked the duke. “Your presence puts my family and this island at risk.”
“Your Grace has been most patient, but I must remain until either the king recalls me or I complete my task. We have done all we can to keep my presence on your island a secret. Believe me, I long to be free of that cursed broch and return home.”
“It must be hard for you to be separated from your work in the capital.”
“Yes, your Grace, I have paid many times over for the impulsive decisions I made in my youth.”
At that point members of the duke’s family entered the room and the subject of the conversation changed. Trak understood only that Krage was involved in some intrigue involving the high king.
On special occasions Trak sat behind the wainscot and listened to a travelling bard sing of ancient heroes or report on events happening on the mainland. As Trak’s knowledge of the outside world grew, the island shrank ever smaller.
***
After a casual afternoon in the company of the old Spore, Trak hurries back to Baelock’s hut and begins brewing a tuber and mushroom broth. Baelock detests farming and loathes cooking even more. If the old mother hadn’t taught Trak how to collect and prepare forest foods, he and Baelock would likely have eaten grubs and neeps for every meal. When the smith awakes, he begins reexamining the creations of Trak’s previous night’s casting. Trak’s work is truly poetic. Baelock frowns when he recalls Wreen Wormclaw’s endeavors to fluster his apprentice. Trak senses that Baelock’s mood has improved considerably since the disastrous events of the previous night, and Trak decides to press the issue of his origins. “Master, tell me again how I came to be your ward.”
“There ain’t much to tell,” the smith says. “After the war, several orphans were rescued by the duke’s returning soldiers. They appeared at my front door and told me that ye were my charge.”
Trak thinks it odd that he has never met another of the orphans brought to the isle, but it is a big island and he knows few people outside his own small village. “How old was I,” he asks.
“It is hard to say. Ye could walk well enough, and you spoke a bit. So perhaps ye were approaching three years.”
“Did the duke’s men say where I came from?”
“No. I doubt they knew. Ye tried to tell me your name, which I couldn’t understand exactly, so I shortened it to Trak. Why the interest in the past?”
“The old mother in the woods told me that my father was probably a human invader who raped my mother. But I don’t see how that could be since Krage teaches that the war lasted only one summer. I must have been two years of age when the war began.”
“No—well yes—well I don’t know the answer,” stumbles the smith. “I’m sorry Wreen cause ye so much grief last night. Tomorrow when ‘e has simmered a bit, I will speak with ‘im and make things right.” The prospect elevates Trak’s mood from despondent to hopeful.
The next morning, Trak is still trying to figure out how he can ask the alchemist about his origins when the eldest of the duke’s children, Farg, shows rare interest in the alchemist’s history lesson and asks Krage if it is true that war is coming.
“Yes. I’m sure there will always be wars and talk of war.”
“That is not what I mean.” said Farg. “Yesterday, I heard my father tell his captain that a message arrived from the mainland saying that the men in the south are preparing for a new campaign. Will we be fighting this summer?”
The alchemist looks wearily in Trak’s direction as he replies. “The war may not come for another year or two. It takes time to train and equip an army. Still, this is unfortunate news, Lord Farg. We are not yet ready.”
“We will crush their armies as we have always done,” relishes Farg. “Surely, you are not afraid.”
“For myself, only a little, but I greatly fear that many goblins will perish and our victory is not assured.”
“It is our chance to prove ourselves as our father did in the last war,” the second son gleefully blurts.
“Spoken like a worthy son of a warrior,” Krage responds. “I am afraid that our success in the last conflict has been greatly exaggerated. The truth is the king’s armies were fortunate to achieve a stalemate. In the last war, men were equipped for the first time with weapons made from a metal that is superior to ours which gave them a decided advantage.”
Farg looks incredulous and is about to argue the point when the alchemist draws his bronze dagger from its sheath and lays it gently on the table. He then opens a wooden box and holds up an ugly, roughly fashioned sword of tarnished grey and rusty metal. While the children fixate on the enemy’s new weapon, the wizard suddenly slams the sword against the dagger and in a shower of sparks, cleaves it in half, burying the blade deep in the wooden table planks.” During the last war, only some of the enemy were armed with these weapons, but I fear next time our armies will encounter an enemy fully equipped with this new metal.”
Krage’s antics succeed in startling the duke’s children. But while they are rendered speechless, Trak is breathless. His thoughts move quickly to grasp the metal’s vast potential. He says to himself, “If I can master the making of this new metal, I will be the greatest smith in the kingdom. I can leave this island and go where I like.” At that moment Trak’s obsession over his origins is replaced by a need to discover the secrets of the new metal.
Trak returns to Baelock’s hut excited to share the news of the new metal. Baelock says, “It is true enough. The enemy’s metal is superior to our bronze. It is a thing of dark magic. Some say men be in league with demons.”
“Haven’t you wanted to learn the secret?” Trak replies.
“Aye. Truth is a few years back the alchemist and I tried to discover the secret. We failed.” Baelock frowns but then smiles warmly. “I have good tidings for ye. I’ve spoken to Wreen and he agrees ye passed the examination. Let me be the first to say, “Well done, Master Smith. Ye did it lad! Ye passed!”
The news excites Trak almost as much as learning about the new metal.
“Why did Wormclaw change his mind?”
“We talked a bit, and Wreen saw that he was being unreasonable,” Baelock did not explain further.
The next day the duke’s children fail to show for school. The alchemist enters the chamber and approaches Trak who is busy making the morning tea. “The duke has ordered mandatory military training for all males of fighting age. The militia will begin training this afternoon. School is suspended.” Trak’s heart sinks. His precious school is gone. Moments later, his heart sinks even lower when he realizes that “all males of fighting age” would include him. He is about to be drafted into the duke’s army.
Krage stands quietly eyeing the youth, and says in the fashion of courtly speech, “We are running out of time. You will report to the duke’s training field at the scheduled times. When you are not training, you will assist me, and I will continue your education.” Trak is taken aback by the wizard’s use of the court language that is never used to address commoners. “Tell Baelock that you will be sleeping here in the broch.” Trak’s jaw drops. He can’t conceive of delivering such a message. “Don’t worry,” said the alchemist. “Baelock will understand.” Trak’s confusion compounds. What does Krage mean by “continue my education” and how can Baelock possibly “understand?”
Baelock stands watching Trak as he places his few articles of clothing in a reed basket. He has received Krage’s message silently and doesn’t seemed particularly surprised. Baelock is truly sorry to see his apprentice go, but consoles himself that he would leave soon anyway. He knows Trak’s destiny lies on the mainland. “Ye be about to begin a new life. Don’t forget what I’ve taught ye,” the smith says as Trak moves toward the door.
“I don’t understand why this is happening or even what is happening,” Trak responds. “All I know is this is the only home I’ve ever known.”
“May the ancestor’s watch over you—always,” Baelock signs with his right hand—the customary farewell used to send a loved one on a long journey.
***
Trak stands on the castle’s training field with nearly two hundred grown men and older boys. They stand with their friends, exchanging nervous banter about their uncertain future. A few old veterans are also in attendance; they stand alone. The aging veterans will stay behind and guard the island when the duke’s army goes to war. About half of the conscripts come from Trak’s village and surrounding farms. The others are from a village located to the south. Men from more distant villages are training in locations closer to their homes under the supervision of the nobles who lived in manor houses scattered throughout the island. A group of armed men walk out of the castle’s main gate. Trak recognizes Farg swaggering alongside a wizened warrior who is the captain of the duke’s guard. Both wear the duke’s eagle embroidered on their tunics. The captain approaches the villagers while the others hang back.
“Duke Amin Giantslayer thanks ye for your loyal support,” the captain begins as if the villagers are actually there by choice. “Ye are here because on the mainland, men are gathering their armies once again and the high king has commanded the duke to muster his forces. Only the eldest among you remember the last war and the savage brutality of the enemy. They can tell ye that when war comes many will die. Today begins your training. Pay attention! It is your only opportunity to master the skills needed to survive or, if it be your fate, to die honorably for your king. Sergeant Neafon Damnfury will be your instructor. Obey his every instruction!”
A middle-aged and powerfully built goblin steps forward and barks in a loud voice, “My first task is to insure you are physically ready. An army travels only as fast and as far as its weakest member. Therefore, weakness is not tolerated. We will begin each day with a forced march. When ye can cover twenty leagues in a morning, ye will be given the rank of Basic Soldier. Prepare yourself. We march as soon as ye strip off your extra clothing.”
Trak has no sooner stripped to his undergarments than Neafon shouts to form up in five columns. There is mass confusion. “A pack of dogs has more understanding of a formation than ye dumb farmers,” he shouts and physically shoves some of the recruits to their correct positions. Farg and the other onlookers add to the confusion by heckling from the sidelines. Neafon then shouts, “When marching, maintain your position; ye must move as one. If ye lose the formation, we will return to the start and begin again.” He starts the formation running at a slow pace. Yet before they even reach the bottom of the hill, Neafon orders the columns to return to the top of the hill and regroup. On the second attempt, Trak pays more attention to the other runners and adjusts his trajectory and pace to maintain his position. After five minutes of slow jogging, Neafon orders the column to a halt. “Better,” he says and gives the command to reverse direction.
They march even more slowly back to the training field where he divides the recruits into two groups. One group executes upper body-strengthening exercises while the recruits in the second group are given a stick and taught the basic stances used in sword-combat. The groups switch tasks and after a couple of hours, Neafon says they are done for the day. “Ye have lands to attend and jobs in the castle to perform; therefore, the training schedule begins deliberately. By summer ye will be expected to do much more. Now get to work!”
***
Trak is pleased with how easily he performed the tasks. He collects his discarded clothing and runs to the broch to prove to anyone watching that he is not tired. He thinks, I am bigger, stronger and smarter than the others. I will be a great warrior. Everyone will fear me. Trak is still lost in his fantasy as he enters the broch. The alchemist is sitting at a table reading a particular book that he often carries around like a prized possession. “How was your first day in the army?” Krage asks in the court language. “It was easy, just basics—marching, exercises and footwork,” says Trak, attempting to use courtly speech. “Our trainer warned us the drilling would grow more arduous in the future.”
“I am pleased that you are using the high-speech. In our conversations, I want you to practice until it becomes completely natural.”
“Conversations,” Trak thinks. In the five years that he has known the alchemist, they have never shared anything like a conversation.
When Krage retires for the evening, Trak notices that the alchemist forgot to take his mysterious book with him. In the past Krage is careful to guard the book as though it is priceless. Trak can’t resist and decides to take a quick gander at the tome. The binding doesn’t look particularly old or ornate. The script is incomprehensible, but above each word appears a goblin word or glyph written in a different hand. Trak guesses they represent Krage’s translation of the foreign text into the goblin common tongue. He doesn’t understand the meaning of all the words, but since they are written phonetically, he can pronounce them. “An Alchemist’s Guide to Metallurgy,” he reads out loud.
Trak wonders. Is this the language of men? Did the enemy write this book?
Trak keeps a small fire going late into the night. The book is not like any he has seen before. It contains written instructions on how to smelt and work different types of metal. In addition to the text, it contains numerous schematic drawings. Trak has never seen drawings of this type, and is amazed by how much detail can be compressed into a two-dimensional sketch. He concentrates at first on the chapter devoted to smelting bronze. From the schematic drawings, he mentally constructs the various types of kilns that could be built and grasps the relative merits of each design. He finds the treatise very exacting and consistent with what he has learned under Baelock’s tutelage.
He pays special attention to the chapter on gold. He has never worked with the most precious of metals. The chapter is mostly concerned with minting gold coinage. On the island, most exchanges take place through bartering. Soldiers brought back a few small coins from the mainland, but these are made of copper and kept as souvenirs of their travels. Trak learns that by adding traces of other metals to gold, an alloy can be created that enriches the yellow color and increases the hardness and durability of the coin. The book illustrates the carving of the dies used to stamp designs into the gold blanks. The creators of the dies could carve detailed designs of men driving war chariots on surfaces no wider than a fingernail. Although he has never seen a depiction of a dragon, he is excited to recognize one on the head of an illustrated die. He wonders how is it possible to recognize something that one has never seen. Is it necessary to have seen a dragon in order to be able to draw one in so much detail?
Trak is disappointed that the book doesn’t discuss the transformation of lead into gold.
It is late in the night when Trak reaches the chapter on iron. Trak realizes that iron is the new metal that men turn into powerful swords. The process of smelting iron is similar to that used to make bronze, but there are surprising nuances. The ore is not as rare as he supposes. It is abundant in the rust-colored rocks that are plentiful in the island’s cliffs. An important difference is in the kiln that, besides being more massive, is designed to permit an efficient flow of air into the heating chamber. In the diagram, arrows represent the air that flows through the oven and vents out the top of a tall flue. He cannot imagine how anyone could pump a bellows large enough to supply the amount of air required. It seems odd that in the final step, the purified iron forms a lump at the bottom of the kiln that has to be beaten into whatever shape is required rather than melted and poured into a mold.
In the morning, the alchemist finds Trak asleep by the fire. The tome is sitting on the table where he absentmindedly left it. “It is cold in here. Wake up and light the fire,” Krage barks. When the alchemist is at last comfortably seated in front of a fire sipping his morning tea, he tells Trak that he is to begin the study of alchemy in earnest. “When you are not participating in military training or performing your chores here in the broch, study my alchemy texts. Follow me!”
They do not stop at the second floor library of the broch as Trak expects. Instead they continue toward the roof. Krage enters the third floor chamber, where glass flasks and retorts sit on heavy wooden tables and jars of powders and liquids line the shelves. “This is my alchemy laboratory. I built it years ago. On the shelves you will find books and chemicals that you may find useful.” Before Trak can take in everything, Krage heads out of the room and up the stairs.
The doors to the fourth and fifth floors are sealed. Krage doesn’t stop until he reaches the battlements. Trak has never been so high above the ground. He can see almost the entire island from the top of the broch; even the mainland appears as a distant streak along the horizon. “This is where you will perform your alchemy experiments. I don’t want you stinking up the broch,” Krage says as he departs and leaves Trak standing on the roof.
The lad’s attention drifts toward the distant horizon. He picks out details in the landscape. He sees a hawk, flying over a field. If he can make iron, he will be free like the hawk. He imagines soaring above the terrain and, through keen eyes, seeing every object below in sharp relief. He senses the wind on each feather as he banks and dives down the cliff face to sweep across the white-capped waves below and soar on to the mountains on the distant mainland. Just the day before, he was searching for a future that seemed hopelessly elusive and now suddenly everything is clear. He would master the secrets of the new metal, and the knowledge will take him to a new life.
Eventually, he emerges from his reverie and returns to a practical consideration of how he will accomplish his goal. He would study alchemy. It will better prepare him to make iron. He will make weapons superior to any the world has ever seen. Iron will catapult him from obscurity. The diagrams in Krage’s book seem clear enough. He needs a bigger and hotter kiln than he has ever seen.
Trak understands that the secret of smelting iron is to achieve and sustain the temperature required to liquefy the impurities in the rock and allow them to flow out, leaving the metal behind. It is not necessary to achieve the much higher temperature needed to melt the metal itself. But even to achieve the temperature required to remove the impurities, a powerful bellows would be necessary to blast air into the furnace. He doubts that even the large hand-operated bellows that he uses in Baelock’s forge would be enough. “Fuel?” he muses. Charcoal would make a hot furnace, and perhaps freshly cut wood that is still saturated with flammable resins would burn even hotter. Trak continues thinking about the problem as he descends the staircase, grabs some bread from the kitchen and heads in the direction of the training field to continue his military indoctrination.
***
The next few training periods are repetitions of the first day. Trak is surprised how fast the villagers learn to advance in formation. By the end of the first week they are marching five leagues in two hours and smartly executing changes in direction on command. This makes the workouts both more efficient and exhausting. Fortunately, their stamina increases proportionally. On the tenth day, Neafon announces that close-quarter combat training will begin. The duke’s sons and several soldiers are each assigned to train five or six villagers in single combat. With great bravado the instructors best the villagers’ pathetic attempts to defend themselves.
When it is Trak’s turn, he is paired with the duke’s eldest son, Farg. Trak clumsily hefts a wooden practice shield and attempts to shift into a fighting stance. He is having difficulty seeing out of his ill-fitting helm when the smaller lad nimbly glides to his right and delivers a painful thwack to Trak’s chest with a wooden sword. He hears chuckles. Trak looks up and sees Dorla standing with her cousins and other onlookers. Why must she always see me when I look like a fool? Wouldn’t now be a good time for one of my ancestors to blow a speck of dust into Farg’s eyes? He suspects his ancestors will disappoint him again.
Farg catches Trak’s glance at Dorla. “What are you looking at, you pig faced bastard? You need to be taught a lesson.”
Farg stalks toward him with his practice sword raised. Trak feels trapped and does the only thing he can think of. He pokes the end of his stick in the ground and flips dirt into Farg’s face. He misses. Farg is more startled than blinded by the dirt. “This over-sized kitchen boy has no honor,” Farg resumes his attack.
Trak makes five more attempts to defend himself with the same pitiful result. The duke’s son grows bored and proclaims, “This half-breed fights like a barnyard chicken. His peck is slow and predictable.” The comment brings approving guffaws from the admiring onlookers. Trak’s aspiration of becoming a great warrior has in one afternoon been beaten out of him. He now seriously doubts he can survive any battle.
In the days that follow, Trak’s skills improve, but he is forced to recognize that his large, cross-breed body can never match the inherent nimbleness of small, full-blooded goblins. Neafon pits him against one opponent after another. He ends every day bruised and discouraged, hardly in any condition to spend the night trying to make iron. Eventually, he discovers that the only way he can survive his encounters is to adopt a defensive strategy. If he stays crouched behind a large shield and concentrates on blocking his opponent’s strikes, the opponent will eventually tire and slow to a pace that Trak can equal. At that point Trak can use his superior size and strength. A single blow to his smaller opponent’s shield is often enough to knock his sparring partner to the ground. Employing this technique, he begins to win bouts. His fellow trainees complain that he fights cowardly, like a man. Trak has unknowingly stumbled on to the fighting style that the enemy has adopted to combat the goblins’ superior quickness. Neafon recognizes that practicing against Trak provides useful training for his students. Trak is frequently chosen to participate in mock combat and develops into a reasonably competent swordsman.
With a spear or bow, Trak fares better. He can launch his spear farther than anyone. He draws the heaviest bow and shoots with reasonable accuracy. By the end of the spring, squads of twenty recruits, armed with wooden swords and shields, can be seen swarming four abreast and five deep across the countryside. On command, the units execute complex maneuvers—like dividing into separate columns to surround a target or merging into a pointed phalanx to smash through an imaginary enemy’s front rank. As promised, the recruits earn the title of Basic Soldier after they successfully run in formation a distance of twenty leagues. The instructors congratulate the new soldiers while at the same time let it be known that in their day they had run much faster.
By the beginning of the summer, it is time to move to the next phase of training. The conscripts are divided according to their abilities and assigned to operational units. Surprisingly, Trak is not assigned to the archers as he expected, but to the sappers. Trak doesn’t know what a sapper is and is alarmed to learn from his fellow trainees that sappers are the poor bastards tasked to destroy enemy fortifications by tunneling under their defensive walls and placing explosive charges. Sappers are considered expendable. Explosives are a relatively new invention, and the techniques for delivering explosives are crude and dangerously unreliable. Trak suspects that Krage had a hand in his assignment to the sapper unit. As the duke’s alchemist, it is his responsibility to manufacture the explosive mixtures and delivery systems.
His fellow recruits make harassing remarks about his chances of survival. One heckler proposes holding a memorial service for Trak to get it out of the way before the fighting starts. Trak laughs with the others. Like most lads of eighteen, he considers his own death too remote to regard seriously.
For weeks, Trak makes his preparations for smelting iron. When he constructs a new kiln on top of the broch’s battlement, Krage asks what he is doing; Trak explains he is trying to incorporate alchemy principles into the smelting of bronze. This seems to placate the alchemist. Trak isn’t ready to confess that he has stolen a peek at Krage’s book and wants to make iron.
Trak systematically prepares a supply of charcoal from the hardwoods preferred by smiths, crushes ore between heavy granite boulders, , and fashions a large, air-tight, leather bellows that he fits with a fire hardened ceramic tip called a tuyere. After assembling everything on the roof, he makes his first attempt. When the kiln is opened and the crucible removed from the ash, Trak recovers a disappointing ounce of partially smelted metal that is still heavily contaminated by chunks of unchanged rock and slag waste.
On the third attempt, Trak discards the crucible. He fills the cylindrical kiln with charcoal and lights the fire. After pumping the bellows until the coals are white hot, he adds to the top of the cylinder layers of crushed ore alternating with more charcoal. After two hours of adding and pumping, Trak waits for the charcoal to burn itself out before breaking the kiln open. Digging in the ash, Trak knocks out first several lumps of slag and then a porous ball of orange-hot metal. While the bloom is still hot, Trak uses a stone hammer to flatten the metal ball into a small ingot. Trak is relieved to have finally made iron, but he dejectedly notes that the starting materials, which took weeks to prepare, are now consumed. At this rate, it will take months to produce enough metal to create one sword. Trak is exhausted and discouraged. He has to design a kiln that will increase production a hundred fold and do it quickly.”
Krage’s book provided a design for a large kiln with the needed capacity, but Trak has no idea how he can force enough air into the kiln to heat such a large volume. He has made iron, but as yet does not know how to transform the incredible hard lump of metal into a useful weapon.
***
The leader of the sapper unit is Tumorg Rockeater. A veteran, he is, in fact, the only sapper who survived the last war. The others were blown to bits while trying to transport a wagon of explosives to the battlefield. The heat from the explosion that fragmented his comrades left the right side of Tumorg’s face scarred in a hideous snarl. From Tumorg, Trak learns that sappers are more correctly referred to as combat engineers. It is their job to facilitate the movement of the army and impede the efforts of the enemy. They typically travel in front of the army and build bridges and temporary fortifications to accelerate the advance.
After a few weeks of teaching the newly recruited sappers the basics of bridge building and tunneling, Tumorg begins demonstrating rock-climbing techniques. He gathers his recruits on a cliff overlooking the sea. They stay well back from the edge to avoid being blown over by the strong gusts that swept the coast. The villagers are aware that evil spirits live in the winds and occasionally a malicious spirit will grab someone and throw them off the cliff.
As is customary among military instructors, Tumorg employs fear to motivate his students. He orders his trainees to crawl to the edge and look down at the sea breaking on the rocks below. When they are sufficiently frightened by the sheer drop and the sharp rocks, he says, “I am going to teach you how to build a climbing harness and secure yourself to a boulder. Pay attention! In a few minutes you will jump off this cliff. Those that haven’t paid attention will be smashed on the rocks below. That will annoy me because I would have to explain to the duke why you are no longer in his service.”
Trak pays careful attention, but is still terrified the first time he leaps backwards off the cliff. Tumorg allows him to drop twenty feet before catching his fall. Trak finds himself swinging two hundred feet above the rocks below. Tumorg leaves him swinging for ten minutes to get accustomed to the height. The moments prove pivotal. While swaying in the blowing wind, Trak conceives of an unusual kiln—one driven by the wind itself.
He announces to the alchemist, “I know how to make iron. I require two hundred pounds of charcoal and a hundred pounds of crushed ore as fast as you can obtain it.”
Krage stands silent for a moment and replies, “You shall have it in a week.”
Trak immediately begins constructing his new furnace. After manufacturing a dozen conically shaped ceramic pipes, he hauls two  hundred pounds of clay, sand and straw to the edge of a cliff. In a fissure near the top where the wind is strongest, he builds a thick clay wall against the cliff’s face and curves the ends to produce a convex bowl. With more clay he adds a flattened front to the oval-shaped kiln with the dozen clay cones embedded in its face. Trak tests the kiln with a small fire that also serves to dry the clay. The wind whistles through the conical pipes and shoots up the flue. Trak has harnessed the wind to power his kiln. “This is going to work. Gobshite! This better work!” he says out loud.
Krage says much the same thing when he arrives to observe the first smelting. Trak fills the stack with a third of his charcoal. He lights the fire and is gratified to see how the wind rapidly brings the coals to a red heat. Trak alternatively feeds a few ounces of crushed ore and then an equal weight of charcoal into the stack. After fifty pounds of ore have been introduced over four hours, he adds more charcoal to keep the fire raging for another hour. They wait all night for the charcoal to burn down and the kiln to cool before Trak breaks through the clay wall and recovers twenty pounds of metal. Some of it has the porous consistency of the wrought iron he produced in the small kiln on the broch’s roof, but over half is dense metal, free of slag and unsmelted ore. It is high-grade iron with just the correct amount of carbon. It is probably the first steel the world has ever seen. The weapons made from it will be the first of their kind.
Trak shows the new metal to Baelock who has the tools needed to make the first sword. Together they discover that to be malleable, the new metal has to be heated white-hot in a forge. Trak beats a chunk of the raw material into a short sword. He knows how to strike the ingot so that it flattens and elongates and yet maintains the required width. At one end he shapes a tang where the handgrip will be attached. While he works, Trak’s active mind observes that each time he reheats the sword in the charcoal forge the metal becomes less flexible. He has to gauge when the central shaft of the sword has the required strength and flexibility and the tapered sides are sufficiently brittle to retain a sharp edge. He permanently fuses these characteristics into the blade by quenching the sword in hot oil. After he grinds, sharpens and polishes the blade using a stone wheel, he fits the tang with a bronze hand guard, a hard wooden grip and a bronze pummel. On the blade he etches the words, “The First” and signs the sword with his mark.
Trak shows his sword to Krage. The alchemist is excited but almost afraid to put the sword to a test. He cringes as the captain of the duke’s guard stages a duel with one of his soldiers. The steel sword quickly splinters the soldier’s wooden shield. When the steel and bronze blades first meet, the bronze sword is left with a deep gash, and on the second contact breaks in two and flies clattering across the cobbled courtyard. Krage is elated. Trak has solved the mystery of iron making, but after considering the situation further becomes fearful. The alchemist realizes that Trak’s discovery might save the goblin kingdom in the next war, but only if the secret can be protected long enough to fashion hundreds of weapons.
Krage warns Trak, “If the enemy finds out that you have learned the secret of iron, they will send assassins. We must find a way to make new weapons and hide what we are doing from the eyes of enemy spies.
Krage instructs Trak to prepare a parchment describing the new smelting and forging techniques. It is time to meet with the duke. He hands Trak several sheets of parchment, a straight edge, a quill and a bottle of ink.
Five minutes later he notices Trak sitting at the table looking perplexed. Then Krage realizes that Trak has never written with a quill on parchment. With the old goblin, he used only a slate tablet and chalk. She reserved her small supply of parchment for her plant drawings. “No matter,” the alchemist mutters. He picks up the quill and cuts a fresh tip so that Trak can see how it is done.
Drawing the kiln is a challenge requiring several attempts. Krage doesn’t seem to mind Trak wasting parchment and ink. When Trak shows the alchemist the final drawing, Krage studies it for a minute and says, “You need to sign your work, so all who read this will know to whom credit is given.”
At the bottom of his drawing, Trak signs his name and draws his mark–a zigzag superimposed on a vertically positioned sword. The zigzag entwines around the blade like a serpent. He hands the sheet back to Krage. “Is this a jest?” asks Krage. “Did Meg put you up to this?” By now Trak has decided that “Meg” is the alchemist’s name for the old mother in the woods. He wonders how they know each other, but decides now is not the time to ask.
Trak explains that the mark is a conflation of two objects associated with a metal smith’s profession, a bellows and a sword. Krage looks satisfied, but when Trak pulls up his shirt and shows Krage the tattoo on the right side of his chest, Krage is startled. “There are few who know the hidden meaning of your symbol. Fortunately, none who know are likely to see this drawing. If you are ever in the capital, keep your chest covered.”




Chapter 6

King Red’s Fortress, Bretwalda: The King’s Unabated Rage

Far from the Isle of Uisgebeatha, in his fortress on the southern mainland, Red, the king of Bretwalda, sits slouching in his throne as he addresses his council. “How goes your great plan?” he begins, turning a cynical gaze toward Baron Teiber, his military commander.
Baron Teiber of the Westlands rises and responds. “I have good news, Your Majesty. Our spies may have found the goblin sorcerer. They report that on the Isle of Uisgebeatha, the goblins are building new kilns, and there are rumors that they have discovered a new metal.
The despot jumps to his feet. “At last! Gods be praised! This is better than I hoped for. Attacking the island presents some logistical problems, but it will be much easier to invade than to fight our way through the entire goblin army to reach their capital. We must attack quickly. With luck, we can recover the stolen book and kill the scheming squid that took it before the goblin infestation spreads.”
***
For nearly a generation, the king sought revenge for the humiliation he suffered at the Thaumaturgist’s hands, but it was as if his nemesis had disappeared from the earth. The story was widely known in both kingdoms. The goblin high priest, the Thaumaturgist, had come south to negotiate a treaty. When negotiations failed, the Thaumaturgist kidnapped King Red’s young queen who was with child. From the royal library, he stole the secret of iron making. Upon hearing of the duel theft, the king entered a fit of rage that resulted in the captain of his household guard being summarily executed. The king’s rage never abated, and over time became permanently etched in the lines of his aging face. When the sorcerer abducted the expectant queen, he took from him the heir to the throne. The king expected Queen Meriem to be offered in ransom, but no demand ever came. He offered a reward to anyone who provided information and sent turncoat spies scouring the goblin kingdom.
There was an unsubstantiated claim five years ago that the queen and her child had been seen in the temple beneath Holy Mountain. A border merchant had come forward in hopes of receiving the king’s gratitude. He told the king that a goblin exporter with whom he did business informed him that he had delivered a cargo of five hundred butterfly cocoons to the temple, and that the queen and her daughter had personally come to the temple’s delivery entrance to receive them. The king scowled and said coldly that unless he brought proof, he was wasting the court’s time. The merchant was ushered out of the court before he revealed the second part of his message—the exporter claimed that the queen’s daughter was a cross-breed.
Now in his sixth decade, the king anguished over his doomed dynasty. The king remarried twice and produced other offspring, but the law prescribed that the line of succession pass through the House of the Dragon, the queen’s lineage and not his. If King Red didn’t produce a child by Queen Meriem, then the heir to the throne was the queen’s cousin. The loss of his heir was humiliating, but for the goblins to gain the secret of iron making was a calamity. By controlling iron production, he hoped to keep the goblin menace at bay. When the secret fell into the hands of the Thaumaturgist, the king feared a goblin invasion was imminent. He preemptively attacked the goblin kingdom, but by the summer’s end, it was clear that his armies were not sufficiently equipped with the new iron weapons to carve a path all the way to the goblin capital. The king withdrew.
The king brooded for another decade until four years ago his new commander, Baron Teiber, proposed a ruse to bring the sorcerer out of hiding. He suggested that the king let it be known he had ordered the manufacture of a hundred thousand iron weapons and was preparing for a massive invasion of the north to exterminate all goblins. Faced with the specter of genocide, the goblins would use the stolen secret to begin producing iron weapons of their own. The Baron reasoned, “When our spies detect where new forges are being built, we will know where the sorcerer is hiding.” It was a calculated risk. For years the council reported no success—until today.
***
The baron suggests an invasion plan. “As you are all aware, there are no beachheads on the Isle of Uisgebeatha that can accommodate the landing of our warships. Therefore, we propose the following: We preface our invasion of the island by first creating a credible diversion on our northern border. This will draw Duke Amin’s army off the island to meet the perceived threat. Once the army has left the island, our warships will sail up the channel and, in the night, dispatch a large raiding force in small boats. The raiders will attempt to seize the castle before the alarm is sounded; but if they fail to capture the castle immediately, we will reinforce our troops on the island and lay siege to the castle. Our troops and our warships should have no difficulty blocking attempts by the duke to return to the island. The high priest is most likely hiding in the castle. Even if it takes months to starve the castle into surrendering, we will capture the sorcerer and return him to Bretwalda to face the king’s justice.” 
The plan is agreed to with minor modifications. The diversion will commence in the spring when the roads have dried sufficiently to allow the wagons to travel. The invasion of the island will follow as soon as the duke’s army arrives on the mainland.


Chapter 7

Beware of a cat that licks your face but scratches your back.
Goblin Proverb

Isle of Uisgebeatha:

Duke Amin Giantslayer rises to welcome Krage Oregile as he strides into the reception hall followed by Trak. “Greetings Lord Krage, I am told you bring glad news.” His rotund body and thin legs which are decidedly toad-like have earned him the unkind nickname of “Duke Toad.”
“Yes, your Grace, the task is accomplished and none too soon, I fear.” As the alchemist speaks he hands the duke the iron sword and Trak’s drawing of the forge that he hopes will save the kingdom in the coming war. As Krage helps the duke understand the details of the diagram, Trak stands to the back of the room examining for the first time the front of the familiar wainscot and pinpointing the exact location of his hiding place in the passage.
“You must take this discovery to the high king.”
“Yes,” replied Krage. I would like to leave for the mainland, as soon as your smith, Baelock, is trained in the construction and operation of the new kiln. He can oversee the production of weapons for your army.”
Gobshite! Trak thinks. He is disappointed. Why Baelock and not me? It was my invention. His answer comes in Krage’s next sentence.
“If you will kindly provide us with an escort, my apprentice and I will leave in a fortnight,” Krage gestures with a head nod in Trak’s direction.
“The kitchen boy?” blurts Farg who is standing beside his father. “He can’t make a decent cup of tea. What use will he be to you? He can’t even wield a sword.”
“Lord Farg,” replies the alchemist. “The kitchen boy, not I, invented the furnace that we have so highly praised. He will serve admirably as my scribe. It is he who penned the document that the duke holds in his hand.”
Krage thanks the duke for his support and leaves the audience chamber; Trak stumbles behind, muttering to himself, “Apprentice?”
When they arrived back in the broch the alchemist laughs, “Did it please you the way Farg had to swallow his own turd?”
Trak tightens his lips to suppress a smile and, bypassing Krage’s question, jumps to the issue that most concerns him. “Am I truly your apprentice?” he asks.
“Unfortunately, no. You will assume the disguise while we travel to the capital. I don’t doubt that you would make an excellent alchemy apprentice, but regrettably, since I am not an alchemist, I can’t make you a true apprentice.”
Trak tries to hide his disappointment “Why are you pretending to be an alchemist?” At the same moment Trak recalls that the duke had referred to him as “Lord Krage”, a strange way for a duke to address a subordinate.
“King Giforing, the Ard Ri, sent me to this island to hide and protect from our enemies items of great importance. He further charged me to discover the secret of iron making. Now that you have done that, we must return to the mainland and present your discovery. Who and what I am, we will discuss at another time.”
The thought of becoming an alchemist appeals to Trak. During the previous weeks, he has spent countless hours in the broch’s alchemy lab. He never found anything that aided him in his quest to make iron, but he read everything he found on the shelves and harvested the secrets they contained. Trak learned that alchemy is the search for the magic by which base metals could be transmuted into gold and silver and for an elixir by which life can be prolonged indefinitely. It is also a philosophy in which the transmutation of metals serves as a metaphor for the purification of the self to achieve a higher consciousness and spiritual awakening. This transmutation of a person’s soul is to be accomplished by a stone or elixir often called the Philosophers’ Stone.
The books in the laboratory emphasized either the scientific or philosophical aspects of alchemy. The scientific books provided long lists of empirical recipes for accomplishing a myriad of arcane tasks. There were recipes for preparing deadly poisons, such as Agua Tofani, and useful pigments like Philosophers’ Wool made by burning zinc. He learned how to make Muriatic Acid and Agua Fortis and to combine the two to make Aqua Regis, the only caustic that could dissolve gold.
He read dozens of formulas for combining copper, zinc, galena, stibnite and bismuth in various combinations to produce a variety of alloys that mimicked gold and silver. Some, like Queen’s Metal and Pinchbeck, were useful for making inferior jewelry, and some, like Talmi gold, for counterfeiting. He paid special attention to chemical methods for silvering glass and mixing tin with quicksilver to give stones the brilliance of diamonds. Trak memorized the recipes for a variety of explosives, such as Fulminating Silver made by burning silver and dissolving the resulting black powder in aqueous ammonia. In solution, the substance was stable, but exploded violently when allowed to dry. Purple of Cassius, Powder of Algaroth, the Spirit of Hartshorn, Sugar of Galena, Milk of Sulphur, Luna Cornea, Lunar Caustic, Bluestone, Butter of Tin and Mosiac Gold, the list went on and on.
Trak encountered substances that he recognized as constituents of a metal smith’s paraphernalia. He already knew that niter was useful for cleaning tarnished metal, but he discovered it was also a key ingredient in pyrotechnic materials. When niter was combined with sugar refined from beets or honey, a substance was produced that burned rapidly to generate a dense smoke. If it was mixed with charcoal and brimstone, it made black powder, the new explosive that sappers used to shatter the walls of enemy fortresses. If cotton threads were dipped in a solution of niter and allowed to dry, a fuse was created that allowed time for someone to flee an area before the powder ignited. A tome described the preparation of a liquid made from pine resins, naphtha and niter that ignited upon contact with water. The liquid could be placed in ceramic vessels and catapulted at an enemy fleet.
Trak learned niter was present in the white powder that formed as water evaporated from the walls of caves, a secret he wished he had discovered sooner and been spared all those years when Baelock required him to maintain a vat filled with a slop of animal manure and urine soaked straw. As an apprentice, it was his task to collect the white crust that formed by evaporation on the surface of that foul muck.
The formulas were too numerous to reliably memorize, so Trak recorded the recipes in his own shorthand on scraps of parchment. He attempted to duplicate some recipes using the reagents he found on the shelves of the lab. Some worked and some didn’t. Trak suspected that many of the starting reagents had deteriorated on standing and were no longer viable.
A passage in a book discussed how gold and silver could be separated from impurities by dissolving ores in quicksilver and distilling off the liquid metal. The passage reminded him of the night he had used this knowledge to outwit Wreen Wormclaw. On that night, his future was uncertain, but now as the time to depart the island approached, Trak dreamed of finding a new life in the capital. Surely, his iron making skills ensured his future.
***
One look at the remains of the forge Trak built on the cliff face and Baelock understood intuitively how to construct and operate a new one. Within ten days, he produced his first batch of steel and within a fortnight had with the help of the duke’s men built five new kilns. With the ample manpower supplied by the duke, there was no obstacle to producing large quantities of raw metal. Making weapons would take longer. There were only a handful of smiths on the island and each sword would take a smith two days to make. It would be months before the duke’s army was armed with steel swords and longer still before armor, spears and projectile points could be manufactured—yet, it was a good beginning.
As a precaution, Krage ordered Baelock to keep the steel ingots hidden until he was ready to forge a weapon. He further instructed Trak to reseal the door to the Broch’s underground passage with the junk stored in the cellar to prevent it from being discovered during their absence. Trak’s big secret was apparently not a secret to Krage. Trak assisted the alchemist in packing a few belongings for the journey to the mainland. Most were stored on the fourth floor of the broch, a chamber that Trak had never before entered. The most striking item in the room was a manikin that wore a splendid suit of armor made of heavy, red-stained leather and decorated with engraved silver medallions. “Shall I pack this, My Lord?” Trak asked, using the title that the duke had used in addressing Krage.
“No. It is only a ceremonial uniform, and one I don’t care to wear.” Krage opened a large wooden chest and pulled out two unadorned, boiled-leather vests heavily lined with felt. “These will serve well should we have to defend ourselves.” He gave one to Trak along with two changes of clothes. It was the largest wardrobe Trak had ever possessed. Krage selected a chest of clothing for himself and a heavy, locked strongbox that Trak suspected contained the valuable items that Krage was charged by the king to protect. A chest of books and parchments completed Krage’s travel luggage. Trak was relieved that Krage included the Alchemist’s Guide to Metallurgy and several other alchemy texts. The duke arranged for the luggage and provisions to be preloaded onto the small boat that would take them to the mainland in the morning. 
“Are you ready to leave this island?” the alchemist asked.
Trak replied. “I regret not saying a proper good-bye to the old goblin in the forest.”
“I feel certain you will see her again,” Krage reassured him.
***
The channel crossing took most of the morning. Trak sat quietly in the bow watching the sea birds and relishing his first sailing experience. He felt strangely important wearing leather armor and a fighting sword. Krage’s yellow dog seemed to enjoy the crossing as much as Trak. Their escort was waiting for them when they docked at the small port city of Halban by the Sea. As they disembarked their boat, the leader of the escort stepped forward. “Good morning, Lord Krage, my father has commanded me to escort you to your destination.”
“Gobshite!” Trak said under his breath as he recognized the arrogant face of the duke’s son.
Farg Giantslayer turned toward Trak and taunted, “Don’t you look threatening all dressed up in your warrior’s outfit. Maybe we will encounter some rabid chickens for you to battle.” Trak did not respond. He accepted a certain amount of abuse as part of a servant’s existence. Farg ordered ten soldiers, who would serve as porters, to offload the provisions and Krage’s personal gear and repack it in their backracks. So as not to attract attention, the party broke into small groups that walked separately to the edge of town where they regrouped. Farg immediately led them off the road and up a steep hill into the forest. He wanted to avoid the well-traveled coastal road that leisurely passed through a dozen towns and hamlets.
Farg learned all the back trails by accompanying his father on trips to the capital. To reinforce his memory, Farg carried a rope map that he constructed on previous trips. Knots were tied along the length of the rope to indicate a day’s journey. Various knots tied in the rope at specific intervals indicated water holes, alternate trails and other features along the way. Goblins were physically suited for traversing the rugged terrain of their mountainous homeland, and the party made good time following narrow, worn trails through the forest. The armed guard went first, followed by Farg, Krage and Trak. The porters came last.
On the second day of their journey, Trak was musing on the lushness of the sun-dappled landscape and dreaming of the opportunities he would have in the capital, when a loud shriek from the ridge above caused him to look up. Five sword-wielding Spore dressed in tattered armor were jumping and sliding wildly down the ridge and heading directly to where Krage and Trak stood. Krage’s yellow dog barked loudly. “Attack!” yelled Farg, drawing his sword. Trak clumsily followed his example. In the three seconds that it took for the attackers to reach them, Trak grasped what was happening. Three of the attackers were heading directly for Krage and the other two, to his horror, were coming for him.
***
Trak stood frozen and would have been hacked down had not Krage flung something into the air that exploded with a flash and ear-shattering bang, causing the attackers to look up. With his other hand Krage drew the newly minted steel sword and christened it in the chest of the lead attacker. Krage’s small dog snarled and leaped. Trak jumped back a step and raised his sword defensively. Unfortunately for the lead attacker, his momentum caused him to stumble over a berm and careen uncontrollably into Trak’s sword, driving the point into his screaming mouth. The air was sprayed with a mist and odor of blood. Before Trak could recover, the second attacker was on him and preparing to strike. As Trak braced for the attacker’s sword to crash down on his head, Farg suddenly appeared in front of him and sliced through the attacker’s neck.
Krage managed to hold off the two remaining assailants until Farg’s soldiers cut them down from behind. Trak was aghast by how much carnage occurred in the space of ten rapid heartbeats. Trak’s ears were still ringing from Krage’s blast as he stared at the goblin he killed, hardly more than a boy. What dreams died with him? Who will grieve? 
Farg also stood eyeing the dead attackers. “Your first kill?” he said to Trak. “Mine too. It feels great doesn’t it? You did well for a chicken.”
If Trak was left shaken, Krage was annoyed. “I never expected an attack so soon. Someone knew we were coming.”
“Yes, but they couldn’t have known our exact route. They must have prepositioned several small units along the mountain trails to wait in ambush,” Farg astutely reasoned. He searched the bodies for something that would identify the suicidal attackers and found a blue dagger embroidered on several pieces of clothing. Trak removed a silver ring from a bloody finger that bore a similar dagger and put it in his vest pocket.
It was Krage who first noticed that his yellow dog, Dun, was missing. He found him a moment later in the tall grass at the side of the trail. He was already dead from a slash to his midsection. Krage took a moment to dig a hole and bury the animal.
Farg led the party to the top of the ridge from where the attackers descended. They found a camp and evidence that the attackers had been there for several days. In a knapsack the duke’s son found a red banner displaying the blue dagger. “Whose sigil is this?” queried Farg.
“I don’t recognize it.” Krage lied. “It is as you suggested, Lord Farg. The ambushers were prepositioned and waiting for us. The question is, did we kill all the attackers or had they the good sense to send someone with word of our presence?”
“We must assume the worse,” replied Farg who set off through the trees on a cross-country route that avoided all trails. He looked back at Trak and smiled as he shouted, “Come on, Chicken. This is turning fun.”
Trak, who was beginning to calm from the ordeal, thought begrudgingly, “That arrogant arse just saved my life.” Unfortunately, the Chicken label stuck. After the attack, Farg warmed toward the cross-breed, but he could never bring himself to address him by any other name than Chicken.
Farg sent out two of his soldiers to scout ahead, and ordered the porters to remove their short swords from their backracks and keep them handy. The party didn’t risk a fire, and Trak spent a cold, sleepless night having second thoughts about the wisdom of traveling disguised as Krage’s apprentice. The loss of Dun left Trak feeling like he had lost his only friend.
***
Three days later, Farg announces that their route is approaching the Western Pass. It is a likely place for an ambush. The scouts return with word that two lookouts are hiding on the cliff above the entrance. “We can’t sneak past them,” says Farg, “and it is a two day journey to the Eastern Pass, where it is likely we will encounter a waiting ambush there as well.”
“I agree,” replies the alchemist, “Let us discuss how we might improve our chances.”
While Krage and Farg discuss possible strategies for fighting their way through the pass, Trak tries to imagine what is going through the mind of the commander who waits to launch his ambush. He only half listens to what Farg and Krage are discussing. He emerges from his thoughts as Farg is saying, “With luck we will lose only half our strength.”
“I know how we can get through and not lose anyone,” Trak calmly interjects.
“Wonderful, Chicken has been in one skirmish and is now a master strategist,” mocks Farg. Krage raises a hand to quiet him and to listen to Trak’s proposal.
“Whoever is waiting for us in the pass knows we are in the area. They may even have scouts watching as we speak. To reach the pass we must climb up a long, exposed slope of loose tailings. Even at night, we would be detected long before we reached the pass and for the last hundred meters be an easy target for bowmen. We would lose half our strength before the fighting even begins, and we have no idea how many we will face when those of us who are still alive reach the pass. It is likely that in the end none of us would survive.”
Farg grows quiet as the grim truth of what Trak describes settles in. “But there is a way,” the apprentice adds and explains his plan. Krage and Farg reluctantly accept Trak’s crazy scheme as their best option. It is then that Trak realizes he has unthinkingly volunteered to play the role of hero. It is too late to back down.
Trak hangs back in the forest while Farg alters course and heads the party in the direction of the Eastern Pass. When they are nearly out of sight of the lookouts on the Western Pass, they stop, set up camp and light cooking fires. Trak emerges from the woods dressed in clothes taken from the goblins that attacked three days before and begins climbing the loose tailings in plain view of the lookouts above. When he arrives at a clearing near the mouth of the pass, he draws his sword and places it on the ground. He then unfolds the red banner displaying the blue dagger and lifts it over his head. He stands perfectly still. After a while, he hears the crunching of feet on the trail and looks up to face six armed goblins who roughly tie his hands and push him deeper into the pass.
They stand him in front of their captain who is now holding the red banner. “Speak! I’d better like what you say.”
“Captain,” Trak begins, “I am what is left of a patrol that has been tracking an armed party since it left the Isle of Uisgebeatha five days ago. They are the ones your lookouts have undoubtedly reported seeing below the pass. Lord Farg, the son of the Duke of Uisgebeatha, leads the party. He is guiding on old goblin who is posing as the duke’s alchemist. I am sure he is the one we seek. I fear that Lord Farg has detected your trap and is now leading his party toward the Eastern Pass. I come to you for help. Together we can capture the goblin and gain the reward for ourselves. We can even capture Farg and hold him for ransom. If we let them reach the Eastern Pass, the glory and reward will go to someone else. We will have lost our chance.”
The leader eyes Trak. A big cross-breed, most likely a border mercenary, he thinks. The leader turns to one of his lookouts who declares, “It is true Captain, the party has turned to the east and has stopped for the night in a small copse a league from here.”
The thought of losing the reward galls him. He gives his orders. “When the moon has set, we will attack, capture the highborn and kill the rest. Give this cross-breed back his sword and get him something to eat and drink.” He will deal with the cross-breed after the fighting is over.
Trak stands by a campfire at the edge of the camp, while the ambushers prepare themselves for their night’s business. An older goblin approaches Trak with a drumstick and a flagon of wine. “Eat up! Ye will fight better on a full stomach,” he says. “I be Grenab Spidermouth. From where hail ye?” he asks, attempting to make small talk.
“Near Halban by the Sea,” Trak replies. “What about you.”
“I’m a Neu Ardonbrae son. Served for twenty years in the palace guard. Ye seem young. Be ye new to soldierin’?”
“Yes, I enlisted six months ago.” Trak replies. He has to be careful what he says. His subterfuge could be easily discovered if he says the wrong thing.
“Well, hang with me when the fightin’ starts,” Grenab casually offers. “I will cover your arse and you can watch mine. That way we both have a better chance of comin’ out of this alive.”
At midnight, twenty men dressed in mismatched clothing, but all carrying swords of the standard design issued to the king’s troops, quietly descend the tailings that front the pass. Trak is relieved that there are only twenty, the size of a squad. Twenty, Farg’s soldiers can handle. The ambushers silently surround the copse and creep into the sleeping camp. Trak and the man, Grenab, hold back as the noose tightens. Both seem to know what will happen next.
The attackers begin thrusting their swords into the bedrolls that lay by the fires, only to find the bedrolls filled with branches and leaves. Then Farg closes his own trap. Archers hidden in the dark begin firing arrows into the camp. Those who escape the arrows are cut down as they flee the light of the campfires. When the captain of the ambushers realizes he has been tricked, he charges at Trak screaming, “Traitor” and takes a wild slash at his head. At the same moment Grenab shoves Trak to the ground. When Trak rolls over, he sees Grenab standing over the dead captain.
Trak warily appraises Grenab Spidermouth as the goblin pulls him to his feet. While Trak is still half-dazed, Grenab hands Trak his bloodied sword and falls to his knees just seconds before Farg and his men emerge from the darkness and surround them. “What are you waiting for? Finish him!” shouted Farg.
Trak appraises the situation and replies, “We need to let Krage interrogate him.” The soldiers shove Grenab to where Krage is standing. As he approaches, a look of recognition crosses Grenab’s face. Krage holds up his hand to stop the captive from speaking and says pointing to the duke’s son, “This is Lord Farg, and I am Krage the Duke of Uisgebeatha’s alchemist. Who are you?”
“I be Grenab, of the palace guard.” A fact Krage already knows. At King Giforing’s command I infiltrated the ranks of the Blue Daggers to learn what I could about their activities.”
“Craven liar,” growls Farg. “Kill him and have done with it.”
Krage ignores Farg’s outburst and says, “What news can you give me?”
“The king looks done for. ‘is generals have secretly turned against ‘im. The king hopes for a miracle that will save the kingdom from being overrun by men from the south. ‘is advisors tell ‘im to give King Red back his queen. The commander of the secret police has dispatched troops disguised as mercenaries to find ye and keep ye from returnin’ to the capital. He fears ye will hinder his plans to depose the Ard Ri and make peace with King Red.”
“How are the queen and her child?” asks Krage.
“They be well, My Lord, or at least they were when I left the capital a month ago.”
Krage changes the subject. “How are the roads between here and the capital?”
“The main roads crawl with secret police and mercenaries that seek the reward that goes to the one who finds ye. But, as ye can now enter the North Country through the Western Pass, ye should be able to travel undetected along the Razor’s Back until ye reach Neu Ardonbrae.”
“Grenab, return to the capital and tell your commander that you escaped an attack in which you were the sole survivor. Say that you were on lookout duty when a dense fog ascended from the valley below. Say you heard men screaming in the camp and then it was quiet. In the morning when your replacement failed to appear, you returned to the camp and found it deserted. Someone will suggest that it was an act of sorcery. Let them believe what they like. Go now and take care; I will look for you in the capital.”
“Aye, My Lord. May your shadow long follow ye,” and turning to Trak adds, “Well played, lad.” And with that he retrieves his sword and walks off into the night leaving Farg and everyone else wondering what has just happened. Trak suspects that Grenab penetrated his ruse right from the beginning, but he can’t guess how.”
Farg turns to Trak and points to his face. “You are one lucky chicken. You better have that scratch cleaned and bandaged. It is then that Trak feels the sticky blood on his cheek. The cut is clean but will produce a battle scar that Farg will envy. It isn’t until morning that Trak discovers that the blade that gashed his cheek also sliced deeply through his leather vest and exposed the underlying felt padding. For the rest of his life, the unmistakable battle scar will contribute to the formidable appearance that his large stature has already given him.
Krage orders the bodies of the attackers buried in the rocks. They search the Blue Dagger camp but leave it undisturbed to create the illusion that its occupants have just vanished. It may have been Farg and his soldiers who did the killing, but it is Trak who receives the credit. It staggers Trak to think how in a matter of a few weeks he has gone from being a nonentity on a remote island to a player in a drama he does not yet comprehend.
Except for the occasional times when Farg leads the party off the trail to allow travelers to pass, the small band makes rapid progress along the Razor’s Back, a mountain range that runs like a spine down the center of the mainland. Two days after leaving the Western Pass, the terrain changes. As they leave the escarpment the dense deciduous forests give way to open meadows and scattered farmsteads. The party becomes more cautious and begins traveling at night and sequestering themselves during the day.
Trak is struggling to understand why they are being so tenaciously hunted. After all, they are bringing the king a discovery that could alter the balance of power in favor of the goblin kingdom. Who would want to stop this from happening? Perhaps it is not the secret of making iron that is the issue. Perhaps someone wants to stop Krage himself from reaching the capital. Trak knows nothing about Krage or why he has spent fifteen years in exile on a remote island. Trak is certain that it is unwise to directly approach Krage for the answer; he decides to take advantage of his improving relationship with Farg, who must know something.
As the party rests in a dense thicket waiting for darkness, Farg sits next to Trak holding a hand full of dried meat and says, “You had better get your share of the jerky or you will have nothing to eat on the trail.”
Trak asks in as casual a voice as he can muster, “Do you think the king will give Krage back his old job?”
“Chicken, you are not as smart as you think. Only when Krage is dead will a new Thaumaturgist be chosen.”
“Yes, of course,” says Trak getting up.” I should get my ration.” Trak has gone fishing and hooked more than he hoped for. The old goblin said the Thaumaturgist is the leader of old religion. She hadn’t said much more. Trak knows nothing of the religion, but after Farg’s revelation, he realizes that Krage is the Thaumaturgist and someone is trying to kill him to force a change of leadership. It might be someone in the temple who seeks the position. He now has a hypothesis that could be tested.
The next day Trak overhears Farg and Krage discussing the next phase of the journey. “Do you think your plan wise? You could be walking into a trap,” Farg argues.
“There is no safe place to hide,” replies Krage. “My best protection against my enemies is to arrive wrapped in the symbols of my office. The power of my office has intimidated my enemies in the past and will do so again as long as I remain in the public eye. I have only to fear some subterfuge carried out in secrecy.”
The next morning the party arrives within sight of the capital. Krage stops at a stream to wash. When he emerges from the water, he opens the heavy chest that he has taken from the broch. To Trak’s disappointment, the chest contains only the vestments of Krage’s office and not items of great value that Krage brought to the island to hide and protect. From the chest, Krage removes a loose-fitting scarlet robe trimmed in gold. Farg dons his light mail and the soldiers their tunics displaying the Duke’s eagle sigil.
Before Trak can ask what he should wear, Krage hands him a hooded cloak and says, “I want you to trail behind as we enter the city. Use this cowl to disguise your features as much as possible. Stay in your travel-worn clothes and follow at a distance. Look to see whom in the crowd pays close attention to our arrival. When you reach the base of the mountain, rejoin Farg and his soldiers who will enter the mountain through its lower entrance. Trak is even more confused when Krage adds, “I don’t want anyone in the city to notice your arrival.”
Why not? Trak thinks. I am of no importance. Why would it matter if I am seen walking with Krage and Farg’s soldiers? The party forms up in two columns and marches smartly into the city, not to the palace, but to the temple in Holy Mountain beyond. At first, the citizens look stunned as they recognize the garment of the Thaumaturgist. As word of the Thaumaturgist’s sudden appearance races through the city, a large crowd gathers along the route to Holy Mountain. Cheers greet Krage as he approaches the temple. It has been so long since he has been seen in public, the rumor he is seriously ill is generally believed.
Trak follows behind, mixing in with the crowd that follows Krage and the duke’s soldiers. No one has tried to kill him in almost a week, and Trak is feeling almost relaxed. He marvels at the four and five story buildings lining the narrow streets. The upper floors arch over the alleys, sheltering the vendor stalls that are crammed into every available space. The stalls are packed with merchandise that Trak has never seen on his island.
One vendor shouts at him, “Welcome stranger, my shop has the best pilgrim badges in the city. The Thaumaturgist has blessed them personally. Wear one, and ye need never fear sickness or death.” Trak glances for a moment at the lead badges that bear depictions of Holy Mountain. On one shelf sits a variety of relics. You could buy everything from pieces of the Stones of Septan to one of his toenails. The prices are staggering.
“Perhaps these badges are more to your taste.” The vendor points to lead badges that depict male and female genitalia. “They are guaranteed to ward off the Evil Eye,” the vendor assures him. Trak finds the badges curiously arousing, but he has no money and hurries to catch up with Krage.
The crowd is enthusiastic, but not everyone seems pleased to see the Thaumaturgist. Groups of armed soldiers watch silently from the sides of the street. Trak follows the trailing crowd as it spills into the central market. He can see Holy Mountain in the distance and has just identified the huge doors that mark the entrance to the Septantrak when three city police suddenly block his path. Their leader orders him to stop. Rough hands grab his shoulders from behind and one of the police steps forward and removes Trak’s sword from its sheath. They push him into a building and stand him in front of a tall officer.
“What have we here?” demands the officer. “A cross-breed tailing the Thaumaturgist and his party? You don’t look particularly religious,” he says, noting the fresh sword cut on Trak’s cheek. “What are you up to?” Krage has not prepared him for this. What can he say that would get him out of this mess? Whatever he says needs to contain enough truth to sound believable. “Speak or I will have my men beat the truth out of you.” The officer pushes the hilt of his sword roughly into Trak’s midriff.
Trak begins with feigned reluctance. “I am assigned to the garrison at Halban by the Sea. Two weeks ago the Thaumaturgist was observed leaving the Isle of Uisgebeatha. Trackers attempted to follow, but they lost the trail. My captain sent me to the capital to warn the commander that the Thaumaturgist had been sighted. As I entered the city this morning, I unexpectedly spotted the Thaumaturgist and decided to follow. Then your men stopped me.”
“A soldier, hey.” I don’t see a uniform. What proof do you have?”
Trak decides to take a chance. He opens his cloak, reaches into his vest pocket and pulls out a silver ring. He shoves it in the officer’s face. It is the ring he removed from the goblin that attacked him on the second day of his journey. “Perhaps you recognize this?” Trak suggests.
The officer recognizes the dagger engraved on the ring’s face and looks up surprised. “I want nothing to do with Blue Daggers and their secretive plots. Give him back his sword and get him out of here,” the officer orders.
Farg and his soldiers head to the delivery entrance while Krage ascends the winding staircase. At the top, Krage turns and raises his staff of office over his head to the cheers of those below. As anticipated, the temple staff have seen him coming and scrambles to open the enormous hall doors. The massive silver and gold doors swing open as Krage lowers his arm, turns and enters.
At the delivery entrance Farg waits impatiently for Trak to appear, which he does after a few minutes. “What kept you, Chicken? Did you get lost? Hurry up. We have been given beds here in the receiving area. We must wait until Krage gives us new instructions. I hope the food is decent.”
Before the party has even reached the center of the city, a Blue Dagger captain is reporting to his commander, Lord Lizardthroat, that the Thaumaturgist is in the city. “How is this possible?” the commander barked. “We barred every pass and blocked every road.”
“Perhaps not every pass,” replies the captain. “Yesterday, a patrol brought in a soldier they encountered on the main road. The soldier alleged his unit had been guarding the Western Pass when they were attacked. He claimed to be the only survivor. I suspected he was a deserter and had him locked up while I checked out his unlikely story. I dispatched scouts to the pass to investigate, but they have not yet returned.”
“Who did the soldier say attacked his unit?”
“That is just it. According to the soldier, the entire unit disappeared when a fog crept over the camp. He never saw the attackers,” replied the captain who feared he was about to be reprimanded for failing to report the matter immediately to the commander.
“Did the Thaumaturgist enter the city in great force?”
“No sir. Only a squad of Uisgebeathan soldiers commanded by the duke’s oldest son accompanied him. “Perhaps his main force is sequestered outside the city.”
“Go find out. I will go to the palace and see what I can learn.” His plan was upset, but he would recover and find another way to eliminate the troublesome Thaumaturgist.


Chapter 8

City of Neu Ardonbrae: A Thousand Swords

Krage looks down at the temple workers who gather around him in the Great Hall. Many seem dumbfounded. One steps forward. It is Alrik Redeyes, the priest who Krage left in charge when he went into exile. “Welcome home. May Shenal’s peace attend thee,” Alrik greets the Thaumaturgist with a bowed head.
“May your shadow always walk behind you, old friend. It has been much longer than either of us expected. I owe you much for caring for the temple in my absence. We will talk later, but now I am tired and wish to retire to my quarters.”
Krage proceeds to the residential area of the temple and enters his chambers. Queen Meriem looks up as Krage enters the room and follows the familiar figure with her gaze as he approaches. “I beg your forgiveness for my long absence.” Krage offers in apology.
“Oh have you been out? I hadn’t noticed,” the queen jests. He expected to find an aged woman, but she is much as he remembers. He sits, and the two silently regarding each other for a while before the queen speaks. “If you ever leave again, I’m going with you.”
“Has it been that bad?” Krage asks after another moment of silence.
“Do you consider being locked in a cage for seventeen years bad?”
Krage thinks about the tedious years he has spent confined to the broch. His heart stings with regret. He never expected to be gone so long. “I don’t deserve your love, but if you will accept me back, I will try to make amends.”
It is Queen Meriem’s turn to sit quietly for a few minutes before she asks, “Would you like to see your daughter?”
She guides him to the balcony where his daughter sits reading a book. Her cross-breed features startle him at first. He has always imagined her looking like her mother on the day they met. Yet, much of her mother is there, blended with goblin features. The queen addresses her daughter, “I have someone I would like you to meet.” The daughter looks up and sees a tall goblin dressed in the robes of a high priest. “Myrel, I want you to meet your father, Lord Krage Oregile, the Fifty-ninth Thaumaturgist of the Septantrak.” Krage would have preferred a less formal introduction. He doesn’t want to distance his daughter, but he need not have worried. His daughter rises and embraces him. It is the first embrace he has enjoyed in seventeen years.
“Father, where have you been?” she asks with childlike openness. He replies, “I have been on the Isle of Uisgebeatha dealing with the king’s business.” He sadly realizes that he has missed his daughter’s entire childhood.
They sit together on a bench. The daughter peppers him with a thousand questions while the queen sits quietly observing. With every response that Krage provides, his gestures and voice awaken in her forgotten memories of their life together long ago. To every question Krage gives a truthful answer; he sees no reason to hide himself from his family. Hours later, after they have talked about everything imaginable and eaten a small feast, Krage says to Myrel, “It is getting late and I need a moment alone with your mother.” He watches his daughter disappear from the balcony. “She is remarkably perceptive,” he says stating the obvious.
“Her life is wasted here in the temple,” the queen interjects, “but where else can she go?” Then with tinge of trepidation she asks, “How is the boy?”
“You will be pleased. He is well and here in the temple. I left him with the soldiers who escorted me. He doesn’t yet know who his parents are. By keeping his identity secret, I hope to hide him from his enemies; but he will learn the truth of his origins soon enough.
The queen responds with warmth in her voice, “I marvel how in just a few hours so much of the gap created by seventeen years of separation has been filled. You seem older, but your voice and mannerisms have not changed.
“I regret that we have lost much of what we could have had. I don’t know what the future holds, but I want us to make the most of every moment we have.” Krage takes her hand softly in his.
***
Trak enters the large dormitory where the soldiers are quartered and picks a bunk near the door. He exchanges his clothing for a large towel he finds on his bed and follows an attendant to the bathing area where hot water flows from a pipe into a marble pool, filling the room with steam. The temple is blessed with an abundance of hot springs. He soaks in a hot pool for an hour before exploring another bath filed with tepid water and discovering the pleasure of laying on a platform covered with hot marble slabs. He learns by watching others how to spread pleasant smelling oil on his body and with a strigil scraping all the road grime and dead skin from his body. An attendant in the bath trims Trak’s hair and shaves his two-week beard. The novelty of shaving a half-man amuses the attendant. Trak wonders if everyone in the city lives in such luxury. When he returns to the dormitory, his clothes have been removed for cleaning and replaced by a white robe, an undergarment and sandals. The robe is two sizes too small but is probably the largest available. Dressed in his new finery, Trak enters the common room where a large pot of soup and platters of bread have been provided.
At first, Trak says to himself that nothing could be better than this, but by the next morning he is already becoming restless. The soldiers have begun rolling dice to pass the time, but Trak wants to move about. He isn’t sure where in the temple he is allowed to wander. He works his way down the hall toward the door where he entered the mountain. A guard informs him that he cannot leave the mountain dressed in a temple robe, but he can ascend the stairs to arrive at a balcony overlooking the city. As Trak enters the balcony, the Greeting of the Sun ceremony has just ended and scores of novices are pushing past him and returning to the mountain’s interior.
Trak steps out on the balcony and comes face to face with a most unexpected sight. Moving toward him is the first cross-breed female he has ever seen. They both stop and stare. He finds her exotic features strangely familiar, like looking into a mirror. Although he has never greeted a female his own age, let alone one that is a cross-breed, he finds his courage. “Hello, I’m Trak,” he manages to utter.
“Forgive me for staring,” she replies. “I have never seen another of mixed-blood.” This is most strange, Myrel thinks. Last night my father appears and now a cross-breed. “You are so tall. I am Myrel,” she adds almost as an afterthought. She never introduces herself as the daughter of the Thaumaturgist. It sounds too pretentious. “Where have you come from?”
Trak feels sure that Krage would want him to keep secret information about who he is or where he comes from so he simple replies, “Halban by the Sea, a town in the south.” Myrel looks as though she has never heard of the place. “Would you stay and talk with me for a moment?” he adds.
Myrel is anxious to return to her apartment and visit more with her father. “I must go now, but please return this afternoon. I have questions I would like to ask.” They part and Trak watches her lithely disappear into the mountain.
Surely a place such as this has a library, Trak thinks. He finds someone to ask, and they direct him through a series of corridors. His route takes him by huge ventilation shafts that circulate fresh air to the mountain’s interior. Trak notes that the corridors are arranged in loops. Dead-end passages are avoided. After a short walk, Trak arrives at a dome-shaped room lined with bookshelves. A scholarly looking goblin approaches him and offers his help. Trak explains he is a visitor to the mountain and would like to spend the morning reading. “Yes, of course. What would you like to read?”
“Something about the history of the temple and the ancient religion.”
Trak follows the librarian to a shelf where there are several books to chose from. He selects one, The Lives and Teachings of the Thaumaturgists. He settles into a chair and begins skimming the chapters while most of his thoughts still focus on the girl he has just met. Chapter 1 is entitled, “The Myth of the First Thaumaturgist.” The myth is a creation story about how the Earth Spirit brought forth from the Underworld the creatures of the earth. According to the myth, the last to exit were the goblin people. One was chosen to be the First Thaumaturgist, to serve as the voice of the Spirit and protector of the people. The office passed from father to son or in some cases a daughter. The book is old and stops with the 50th Thaumaturgist.
Trak selects another book entitled The Prophecies of the Thaumaturgists. Here, he finds a reference to the Prophecy of the Betrayer. It is the same story that the old Spore in the woods told him. It foretold a cross-breed would unite the peoples of the upper world in a war against the demons of the Underworld. According to the prophecy, when the Spirit called forth creatures to live on the earth’s surface, she left some behind in torment in the dark bowels of the earth. The “Unworthy” as the book labeled them, swore to avenge their humiliation.
At midday, Trak returns to the dormitory to eat. Farg appears, “Krage wants us to go with him to see the king. He will collect us after the midday meal. He has provided you with clothing for our audience with the king. They are on your bunk.” 
Gobshite! What rotten luck, Trak thinks. He is looking forward to meeting with Myrel, and he has no way to contact her and postpone their rendezvous.
Trak’s new wardrobe rivals Farg’s in elegance. The suede boots, alone, are worth more than all Trak has ever owned. Krage scans him from head to toe when he enters the room and seems satisfied. The three journey the two leagues to the palace by walking through an underground passage. They could ride in hand drawn buggies, but Krage chooses to walk so he can prepare Trak for their audience with the king. “When we are presented to the king, we will walk to within ten feet of His Majesty and bow together. Stay in the bowed position for three counts and then stand erect. I will introduce you, but let me do all the talking. If the king asks you a direct question, address the king as My Liege.” Krage hands Trak a box containing the steel sword named “The First,” sharpened and polished to a high sheen. “When the king dismisses us, we will again bow for three counts, take one step backwards, turn and walk out of the room without looking back.
Please, no more rules, thinks Trak. His new environment makes him feel most out-of-place. The three enter the palace through a corridor filled with busy servants that bow as the Thaumaturgist passes.
Krage leads them up two flights of stairs and halts in a waiting chamber. They are immediately announced and ushered into the small but elaborately decorated room that King Giforing uses for meetings with his advisors. The only other person in the room aside from the king is Lord Melkerei Lizardthroat, Commander of the Secret Police. Trak and Farg are both astonished to see a blue dagger embroidered on his robe. The king sits upright on his throne. He holds a unicorn horn in his left hand and wears a necklace of ‘serpent tongues’ which Trak recognizes are actually shark teeth. Powerful amulets to neutralize poisons, Trak recalls.
After bowing, Krage waits for the king to speak. “Welcome home, Thaumaturgist. I was beginning to worry that one or both of us would not live to see this day. What news do you bring us?”
“Your Majesty, it is good to see you looking well.” Turning to Lord Lizardthroat, he courteously says, “Lord Commander, I am pleased that you should be present to hear the good news. Let me introduce Lord Farg Giantslayer, son of Duke Amin of Uisgebeatha, who ably escorted me to the capital, and Trak, my apprentice. It was Trak who solved the puzzle of iron making. In fact, his process produces a metal that is stronger than the iron of our enemies.” Krage signals Trak to come forward. Trak opens the box and goes to one knee as he shows the king the sword it contains. Krage thinks the kneeling added a nice touch. Melkerei’s mouth drops as the king lifts the sword and tests its weight. He then hands the sword to Melkerei, saying, “What do you think?”
“It is a wicked beauty, My Liege, but can it cut?”
Krage answers Melkerei’s question with a demonstration. “Farg, if you would kindly sacrifice your sword. Farg draws his sword and stands his ground as Melkerei strikes a vicious blow with the predictable result. The severed end of Farg’s sword flies across the room and lands on the marble floor alarmingly close to the king.
“I beg your forgiveness, My Liege. I had no idea,” Melkerei stammers.
The king laughs with delight, taking the steel sword back into his own hand. “What our armies can do equipped with such weapons.”
“Your Majesty, my apprentice is prepared to teach your smiths how to forge the metal which can be hammered into swords. The king looks at Trak and notices his large size and cross-breed face for the first time. “How long will it take you to make a thousand such weapons?”
“With unlimited manpower and material resources, I can do it in three or four months, My Liege,” Trak replies.
“Very well, I will have someone inform my master smith that you will visit him tomorrow morning to discuss arrangements. We will meet again in three weeks to appraise your progress. Thaumaturgist, if you would remain a moment, I have a temple matter to discuss with you. Lord Lizardthroat, will you escort our two young lords to the feast hall and offer them refreshments?” When Krage and the king are alone, the king says in a confidential tone. “Is he the one? Does he know and, more importantly, does Lizardthroat know?”
The Thaumaturgist replies, “Trak believes his parents are dead. For his protection, I have told him nothing to the contrary. Melkerei suspects, but for the moment, he should be safe. Once Melkerei has learned the secret of making the new metal, the boy will be in grave danger.
***
Myrel spent the morning on the apartment balcony chatting with her father. They were interrupted several times by Alrik, who was arranging an afternoon meeting between Krage and the king. Krage seemed interested in Myrel’s friends and work in the temple. She did not hide her lack of enthusiasm for religious ritual. “You must think I am a horrible profaner of the faith,” she said after she told him that she thought the faithful were hopelessly superstitious.
He replied, “In truth, I believe there is magic and power in the world and at times the Spirit speaks to us. But these times are rare, perhaps no more than once or twice in a lifetime. For most people this is not enough to sustain them and carry them through difficult times. Rituals remind believers of the Spirit even when its influence appears absent. Rituals are for those who need them. If you don’t need rituals, you are fortunate and have a responsibility to aid others who are not as strong, or so I believe.”
“Father, I don’t feel strong. I feel isolated and powerless. I fear the day when I will be asked to take vows.”
“You must follow your heart in the matter.” Krage wonders, if he had been here to guide her, would she have been ready?
Myrel thought of the cross-breed she met that morning. She wanted to tell her father about the stranger she found so intriguing but decided it was foolish since they had only just met.
After the midday meal, Krage left for his audience with the king. Myrel waited an hour so as not to appear too eager and returned to the balcony where she expected to find Trak. When he was not there, she cursed herself. “He has already given up and left!” For a while she sat idly half listening to two old temple workers reminiscing about their youth. Finally, she gave up and was headed for the exit when Trak entered the balcony.
“Please forgive my extreme tardiness, My Lady. My master required me to accompany him to the city, and I didn’t have a way to warn you or postpone our meeting.” He is still dressed in the elegant clothes he wore to the audience with the king.
Myrel believes that being a cross-breed made her ugly, and is, therefore, surprised that she finds the cross-breed before her pleasant to look at. His angular features are more delicate than a goblin’s and accentuate his intelligent visage. He speaks with a trace of an accent, but by his speech and manners, she judges him to be well-educated.
“Why are you here in the Septantrak?” she asks.
My master is an alchemist who has come to advise the king on metal production methods, and I am a smith and the alchemist’s apprentice. Starting tomorrow, I will begin working with the king’s smiths.”
“And your parents?” she queries.
“I was orphaned as an infant. In truth, I don’t know who my parents are. How did you come to live in the temple?”
“My mother and I took refuge here during the last war. As you might guess, she is a human and keeps to herself.”
Trak is interested. “Really! Despite being half-human, I have never seen a full-blooded human. Perhaps, someday, can I meet your mother?”
“Are you really a smith? Your speech seems too courtly.”
“An old hermit taught me to read and write, and I learned courtly speech serving in a noble’s house. I completed my training as a smith only four months ago.” He shows her his callused hands as proof. As she moves her fingertips softly across his thick calluses, Trak takes in her form, fuller than that of a female goblin. He regards her skin and wants to touch the soft downy hair that caresses her forearms, but he dares not. He is pleased that a female cross-breed doesn’t equal a male in hairiness. He is glad he has freshly shaved and doesn’t look too pig faced.
She looks at the fresh cut on his cheek and guesses correctly that he has been in a fight. Perhaps he is a soldier; that would explain the calluses.
He has her almost convinced he is a smith when the subject turns to poetry and she expresses her fondness for the Song of Ethor. “The verse where Ethor dies slaying the dragon is my favorite part,” she says.
Trak recites from memory the poem’s closing lines, “‘He left no gold or princely titles, but from the example of his life, his family was forever rich.’ My favorite part is when Ethor forges the magic sword of gold. Gold doesn’t tarnish. It was the perfect metal to transmit Ethor’s magic into the heart of the dragon.” Trak sees the surprise in Myrel’s eyes and equivocates, “Stories about great metal smiths give me hope that my life will also matter.”
Myrel tells him of her butterfly garden. Trak is familiar with the species she describes. He tells her his teacher required him to learn all their names. A bird lands on the balcony ledge and issues a three-note call. Trak answers back. Myrel is startled and says, “How did you do that?” Since goblins can’t whistle, she has never seen the trick done before. When Trak proceeds to whistle an entire song, she is delighted. Trak asks her to round her lips and try making long O’s and U’s, which she does successfully. Trak promises her that with practice she can learn the trick, as well. She concludes he may be a smith, but he is also something more. Just what, she would have to discover.
They talk until bats appear over head and begin feeding on dragonflies circling in the evening sky. Chirping crickets announce the setting of the sun. Trak can’t believe he is having a relaxed conversation with a female his own age. It is his first. “When may we talk again? How do I find you?” he asks.
“I am uncertain. You will be busy and I have to attend to my temple duties. My father has just returned after a long absence, and my family will want to spend time together, but I have an idea. I will leave a note under the flower pot in the corner of the balcony for you, and you can answer me in the same way.” So begins Trak and Myrel’s courtship.
***
The next morning the king’s master-at-arms, Hogarth Kingfriend, a middle-aged goblin and veteran of the Battle of the Dragon’s Belly, comes to fetch Trak who waits dressed in his new finery. Hogarth escorts him to the royal smithy located adjacent to the armory. The master-at-arms introduces Trak to the king’s master smith, a goblin named Gerum Firemaker. The wizened smith looks at the young cross-breed’s fancy cloths and is not impressed. Trak senses his hostility and wishes he had worn the leathers he works in. He selects his approach carefully. “Master Smith,” Trak begins in a nonthreatening tone, “the king has instructed me to inform you that he requires a thousand iron swords in four months.”
“What? The king knows perfectly well that neither I nor any other smith in the kingdom has the skill.”
“Actually, one does; I have discovered the secret. I will share it with you. You already have most of what you will need, and I will give you the missing pieces.”
The smith’s hostility toward the dandy softens, but he is still skeptical. “Okay, tell me, how is it done?” Trak requests a quill and parchment and proceeds to draw his kiln and explain its operation. The king’s metal smith pays attention and realizes that somehow this boy truly understands his craft. “Your kiln is a wonder, but I see problems. Charcoal we have aplenty, although the hardwoods lie a day to the southeast. Clay for furnaces and tuyeres are readily available, but the capital is surrounded by volcanic soils that are poor in copper and tin and probably iron as well. Also, we are miles from the coast. Here the wind is generally mild and often nonexistent. Our best hand bellows cannot force enough air into a furnace large enough to smelt the quantities of ore needed.”
“Well said, Master Smith. I see that nothing escapes your notice,” Trak replies and asks where they obtain the ores they use in making bronze. The smith explains the mines lie two days to the northeast and ore is transported to the city in handcarts. From the smith’s description, Trak guesses that the mineral deposits are much like those found on the Isle of Uisgebeatha. It is apparent that the smelting operation should be built near the ore, but that could wait. First he has to prove to the king and his smith he can make iron.
Trak proposes that he take a crew of miners to collect ore samples for evaluation. While I’m gone, please arrange for two tons of clay bricks to be brought to your courtyard and manufacture a dozen tuyeres of the size I will specify. When I return, I will capture a wind powerful enough to drive a large furnace. He leaves the master smith saying, “The king is asking you for a miracle, but I sense that you are the one for the job. It will be an honor to work with you. We will succeed or fail together.”
As the lad is about to depart, the Gerum can’t resist asking the question that is nagging him. “Where did you learn your trade?”
Trak sees no harm in revealing his teacher’s name and said, “I was apprenticed to Baelock Swordbeater, the Duke of Uisgebeatha’s smith.”
Gerum’s face brightens, “So, that’s what happened to Baelock! Is he still making copper worms? Of course, you know that before the last war, Baelock worked for me here in this smithy.” He opens a closet door and shows Trak the copper still Baelock fashioned for Gerum years before. The discovery of a common friend seals the partnership.
Trak returns to the smithy after the midday meal. He is now dressed in his traveling clothes with a sword strapped to his waist. Gerum notices that a deep cut in his leather vest lines up perfectly with the fresh scar on his cheek. He wonders how Trak has come by the slash. After reviewing the provisions that have been assembled, Trak, along with eight miners and two handcarts, set out along the road that circles north around Holy Mountain.
The head miner has made the journey many times before. He directs the setting up of camp and preparing of meals. Trak finds that the rocks around the mines are, indeed, much like those that form the cliffs on Uisgebeatha. The miners are pleased to discover that no quarrying is necessary. They gather various types of rust-colored rocks that lie on the ground for the picking. The larger rocks are broken into smaller pieces so the carts can be more tightly packed.
Trak never stops thinking about Myrel. He is impatient to get back to the capital and pushes the miners to work long hours. When the handcarts are stuffed with a ton of ore, the crew drags the laden carts back to the city over the rocky road. On the second day of the return trip, tragedy strikes.
The axel on the lead wagon suddenly snaps under the weight of the load. A miner is trapped beneath the ore as it tumbles from the wagon. He screams as the rocks bury him and then falls silent. Although Trak and the others quickly dig him out, it is too late. The miner has been crushed to death.
Trak is oppressed by guilt. “Why didn’t I have the sense to lighten the load?” He remembers the goblin he stabbed on his way to the capital and the Blue Daggers that he ambushed in the Western Pass. Violent death is ugly. He broods on how many thousands will die violently when he gives the kingdom the secret of iron making. Am I turning into a monster? he asks. Convinced that the miner’s death is his fault, he expects to be held accountable, but when he returns to the capital everyone acts like the death is just the cost of doing business.
While the smithy workers crush the ore to gravel-size pieces, Trak begins constructing a tall cylindrical chimney from the bricks that Gerum procured. To provide the needed insulation he gives the flue a double wall with an air space between the two brick layers. Two feet above the chimney’s base, he leaves an access hole. A worker crawls into the chimney to seal its interior with clay. A second, smaller hole is left at the base of the chimney to drain the flowing slag. He reasons that soft charcoal could be crushed and compacted by the ore above, interrupting the flow of air up the chimney. Therefore, he selects large chucks of charcoal, which still retain much of the structural strength of the hardwoods from which they were made, and places them at the bottom of the chimney. He then seals the access hole with fresh clay into which he embeds six newly fashioned tuyeres.
After adding the first layer of ore and more crushed charcoal through the top to the chimney, Trak grows concerned that the flow of air through the three meter high chimney is all but shut off. However, when the charcoal is ignited, the rising hot gases create a strong draft that shoots up the flue and within minutes produces a raging inferno in the base. Gerum and his crew watch as Trak stands on a tall ladder adding ore and charcoal. They are delighted to see hot slag flowing out the hole in the base of the kiln. The fuel is rapidly consumed. Without waiting for the furnace to completely cool, Trak smashes through the clay wall that holds the tuyeres. With a bronze hook he pulls out glowing chunks of porous metal, which he immediately hammers into dense ingots.
When the metal cools, Gerum complains that it is too hard and brittle to make a good sword. Trak explains, “The raw metal must be placed in the forge until red hot and then repeatedly hammered. The hammering drives out impurities and makes the metal more malleable and flexible. When the metal has the required flexibility and shape, it is briefly returned to the glowing charcoal to give the surface a hardness that holds a cutting edge when sharpened on a grinding wheel. It takes practice.”
With Gerum’s entire workforce hammering away on the newly smelted metal, they have in a few days developed the required skills. Gerum produces a sword that when struck rings like a bell. His sword becomes the production standard. Gerum orders two more furnaces constructed and full-scale production to begin. When the workers complain the metal tarnishes and even pits, Trak shows them how to remove tarnish and retard rust by cleaning the metal with a solution of niter. It becomes routine to apply a light coating of oil to freshly polished swords and keep them wrapped in oil-soaked cloth.
For two weeks after returning from the ore collecting expedition, Trak never leaves the smithy. The workers become accustomed to seeing the cross-breed sweating over a forge. Once production is underway and sufficient iron is available, Trak facilitates the manufacturing of swords by fashioning iron hammers and anvils that have the strength to withstand the hammering process.
The king has not yet summoned him, so when he finishes making a set of iron tools, he begins experimenting with different techniques. From the pile of the first swords the workers produced, he selects two that are judged production failures. One is too brittle and the other too soft and easily bent. After heating the two swords in a forge, Trak stacks one on top of the other and hammers them together to produce a thin metal sheet that is dark grey on one side and highly reflective on the other. He folds the sheet repeatedly and continues hammering in a futile effort to get the two metals to blend together. Although the two components never blend, the metal takes on properties of both. When Trak shapes the metal sheet into a sword and bevels its edges, a swirling pattern appears on the blade. It resembles flickering flames. On the sword he etches the words “Dragon Fire” and his trademark, a zigzag placed over a sword. He keeps this sword for himself.
One day after Trak has been working with Gerum for nearly four weeks, Krage appears at the smithy door. “The king has asked us to report to him in the morning on your progress.”
Trak leads Krage to a back room of the workshop where four-dozen swords are stacked on a wooden table. Krage is pleased that everything seems to be on schedule. Trak asks Gerum to accompany them to the audience, “He is an excellent smith and has been of great help, but, in truth, to earn his cooperation, I have led him to believe that the project is a joint venture and he expects and deserves recognition for his achievement.”
“Very well,” said Krage, “but be careful what you promise. What may seem to you to be simple fairness may inadvertently involve the smith in an intrigue that has yet to be played out. I will send someone to move your swords to the palace where they will be available for presentation to the king.” Trak questions what intrigue Krage is referring to, but the Thaumaturgist leaves before he can ask.
In the morning, Trak meets Gerum at the delivery entrance to the temple. He is dressed in his best clothing, but still looks tawdry when compared to Trak in his finery. When they arrive at the king’s waiting room, Krage and four guards are waiting. They have brought the newly minted swords with them. When announced, they enter and bow. Trak forgot to inform the smith of the protocol, but somehow he knows what is expected. The guards unroll the swords from their cloth wrappings and lay them on the marble floor. The king leaves his throne to inspect their work. He seems pleased and asks Trak if he would have his thousand swords on schedule. Trak replies, “Yes, My Liege, with the able help of Gerum Firemaker, your master smith, you will. He gestures with his hand toward the smith.
The king glances indifferently at Gerum. “Of course, you understand that a thousand swords is just the beginning of what the kingdom needs.”
“Yes, Your Majesty,” the cross-breed responds, “for that reason I recommend you establish a smelting operation nearer the source of the ore where it will be less costly to produce the steel required.”
“As you say, it will be very costly to the kingdom to produce thousands of swords a year. I have yet to determine how we will finance the operation.”
Without hesitation Trak replies, “Your Majesty, iron swords will be highly coveted by your nobles. They will give almost anything to own a rare and powerful weapon and even more to equip their soldiers. Without the new weapons their fighting forces are obsolete and next to useless. I could manufacture a handful of distinctive swords of unprecedented artistic quality. Your Majesty could award these ‘swords of distinction’ to those who come forward with resources to build your smelting operation.” Krage worries that Trak is involving himself too deeply in a political situation he doesn’t understand.
***
While Trak is strengthening his bond with the king, his relationship with Myrel is going nowhere. When he returns from his ore collecting expedition, he finds her promised note under the flowerpot. He meets Myrel at the appointed time on the balcony where they first met. She seems cool toward him and he doesn’t understand why.
Trak doesn’t realize that Myrel in her excitement shared with her friends her story of meeting Trak. They warned her not to trust the stranger and repeated the rumors they heard about a cross-breed sorcerer who had arrived in the capital. Tinga gossiped, “I heard from Lord Farg’s soldiers that he used magic to bewitch an entire squad of Blue Daggers and led them into a trap where they were massacred. He is now working with the king’s metal smith to conjure up enchanted weapons to be used against the men in the south.” Myrel found the tittle-tattle disturbing.
On the balcony Myrel cautiously probed Trak about his childhood. Trak is again vague and circumspect. Trak shares with her an experience with the old mother in the forest. Myrel thinks his story about how a blue glow coming over the old goblin and her claim of teleportation smacked of sorcery. She asks Trak about his work in the king’s smithy. Trak reveals no details but admits a worker was killed during the operation. He confesses it was his fault for asking too much of the worker. He adds that he hopes the worker’s spirit finds peace in the home of his ancestors. Trak’s religious comment causes Myrel to ask if Trak received training from the priests in the Halban enclave. Trak says he knows nothing of the religion. Myrel finds this odd because so much of Trak’s thinking parallels Septan’s teachings.
Everything Trak says seems to confirm what her friends have told her. She concludes that this likeable lad is not to be trusted. She feels his attraction for her and hers for him. It scares her to think he is gaining power over her. She pulls back.
Myrel doesn’t show for their next scheduled meeting. The lad leaves a note under the flowerpot requesting another opportunity to meet. Two more weeks pass before he is again able to return to the temple. He finds his note where he left it, unanswered. Trak hopes his ancestors would help him reconnect with Myrel, but once again, his ancestors seem indifferent.
During the weeks that Trak is busy building his new smelting furnace, Farg and the duke’s soldiers leave the capital and return to their island. For several weeks Krage has made no effort to contact him. It appears to Trak that Krage has severed their tie and he is now on his own. The cross-breed decides that his future hinges on becoming permanently attached to the royal smithy. He collects his few belongings from the temple and moves into the loft above the storage room where the newly minted swords are stored. Trak clears a corner in the back of the loft and brings in clean straw for a bed.
Trak concentrates on making weapons, but sometimes in the evening he dons a hooded cloak and explores the city. On his first outing, he inspected the exterior of the king’s palace, consisting of a dozen interlocking, white minarets of differing heights. The roofs and window frames of the minarets are decorated with brightly colored tiles that reflect moonlight. Trak realizes that much of the palace, and indeed the parts he visited, is built in the ground beneath the minarets, reflecting the goblin preference for living in caves and tunnels. The palace faces a huge square where public gatherings are held. Three sides of the square are surrounded by the elegant homes of the city’s elite merchants and military commanders. He recognizes the headquarters of the Blue Daggers by the banner that flies from its roof and the constant flow of armed men going in and out of the building.
The royal smithy is located in an enclosed courtyard near the palace grounds. Workers arrive at the smithy each morning in the dark to fire the forges before the smiths arrive at dawn. The palace kitchens provide the workers with a noontime meal. The smiths diligently toil until sundown when they leave for the day. When Trak doesn’t leave the smithy to explore the city, he lights a lantern and experiments with forging methods.
Two weeks after moving into the loft above the storage room, it was still dark when Trak is awakened. As he comes out of his sleeping state, he thinks, where did the night go? Are the workers already here to fire the forges? He starts to roll off his straw bed when he hears the lock on the storeroom door being rattled. “Get a hammer and force it,” growls a voice that he doesn’t recognize. Trak realizes a burglary is in progress and the target is the cache of swords stored in the locked room. He suppresses a swell of panic. “If I’m quiet, I might go undetected, but then I will lose fifty newly forged swords. What should I do?” The thieves are probably armed. He hears several intruders milling about below him. He moves quietly but quickly to the shelf where the smithy’s chemicals are stored. He grabs the familiar bottle of niter that the smiths use to remove tarnish from metal and removes its cork. In the limited light provided by the dying forges, he locates a jar of powdered sugar that is used in a technique for applying silver to glass and copper surfaces. He pours the contents of one jar into the other and shakes the two together. He then moves to the edge of the loft and flings the jar into the glowing coals of the nearest forge. The noise of shattering glass startles the thieves.
“Someone’s here,” shouts the leader. “Find ‘im an’ kill ‘im.”
“In the loft,” exclaims a second voice. Trak hears someone climbing into the loft. He kicks at the head that emerges at the top of the ladder and hears the body hit the floor with a thud and a groan.
The sound of swords being drawn and voices shouting make it apparent he faces at least five intruders. He begins cutting an escape route in the thatched roof when the concoction he has thrown into the forge ignites with a loud whoosh and spews a dense cloud of acrid smoke. Trak grabs glass jars from the shelf and commences throwing them into the smoke to strike the intruders and shatter on the stone floor. The thieves, believing they are under attack, panic. Voices cry out as the assailants swing their swords blindly in the smoke to clear a path out of the workshop. Trak’s eyes burn and tears cloud his vision as he blindly returns to cutting a hole in the thatched roof and climbs out.
Trak stays hidden in an alley until the forge maintainers arrive; together they carefully approach the workshop. The smoke has cleared. A goblin lies on the floor ripped open in a pool of blood. The lock on the storeroom is broken, but the swords are undisturbed. Trak finds no clue to indicate the identity of the intruders.
The next evening, Trak is still shaken by the previous night’s attack. He feels uneasy sitting in the workshop even though the master-at-arms has assigned two guards to stand watch. With coins he has borrowed from Gerum, he goes in search of food and drink. He selects a tavern in a back street. It is bustling. The customers seem not to notice his entrance. He is sitting in a corner table eating a pleasant stew and sampling the local ale, when the same tall officer that detained him on his first day in the city sits down across the table and says, “I thought that was you.” When Trak looks toward the door to see if his escape route is clear, the officer speaks reassuringly, “Relax, I am just curious to know why you are still in the city. As I recall, you said you brought a message for the Blue Dagger commander. I assumed you delivered your message months ago and returned to your unit in Halban.”
Trak’s lie is discovered. He sees no point in denying it. Trusting his gut instinct about the captain he responds, “The story I offered when you detained me was a fabrication. I was on king’s business and couldn’t afford to be delayed.”
The officer is taken by Trak’s frankness and responds in kind. “Actually, I know you have been working in king’s smithy for the last few months. My police say you are the sorcerer that brought the secret of iron making to the capital.”
“Apparently, the secret is well known,” replies Trak.
“Yes. I suppose that between my city police, Melkerei’s secret police and the king’s palace spies, you can’t take a piss in this city without someone reporting it.”
“With so many police watching my every movement, where were they last night when thieves broke into the royal smithy and tried to kill me?”
“What makes you think the police were not there?” replies the officer.”
“Do you mean the authorities observed the attack or they were the perpetrators?” The officer smiles but doesn’t answer the question. Trak asks, “What is the connection between your city police and Melkerei’s secret police?”
“As little as possible, but Lord Lizardthroat is resourceful; he has members of my police force on his payroll. Melkerei knows you are the one who led the attack against the troops guarding the Western Pass. Apparently, one of Lord Farg’s men was persuaded to reveal the details. You are alive because, for some reason, Lizardthroat hasn’t ordered you killed.”
Trak tries a different tactic. “I am no more than a smith from the south looking for an opportunity to practice my trade.”
“You may be a smith from the south, but I doubt that is all you are. Too many highborn are interested in your every move. Take my advice and don’t travel the city alone at night. If you need my help, ask for Captain Humock Gutcutter. Take care, cross-breed.” With that he leaves Trak sitting at the table thinking about their conversation. The mention of the Western Pass causes Trak to wonder what became of Grenab, the man who Krage sent back to the Blue Daggers bearing the bogus tale of sorcery.
***
In the next few weeks, he and Gerum initiate their plan to construct a new smelting operation along the banks of the small river that flows through the mining district. Their experience with the first three kilns has taught them that a brick furnace will last about ten firings before the interior bricks deteriorate to the point that the structure has to be rebuilt. In the new smelting operation they plan to dedicate a team to constructing and repairing furnaces. They hope to keep six operational at all times. Another team will set up a logging operation in the forests. They will transport the charcoal they produce to the furnaces. A third group will haul bricks to the site, and return to the capital with the newly smelted iron for the smiths to hammer into weapons.
The staff balks at the prospect of living in tents far from the city. Many have families to attend to. They complain that their occupation is becoming dangerous. One miner has already died following Trak’s schemes and armed robbers have tried to steal the iron swords. To quell a minor rebellion, Trak works out a schedule where the workers rotate back to the city after two weeks in the mining district.
The labor required to build the new operation would have exceeded the manpower available had not the master–at-arms made conscripts available. He also diverted rations from the army to feed the construction crew. While Trak builds his iron works, Gerum and his smiths keep the original furnaces operating and continue to hammer new swords. It is to Gerum’s credit that he doesn’t let production standards deteriorate. By the time the new furnaces are ready, Gerum’s crew has manufactured a thousand swords. By then, winter has arrived, and the opening of the newly constructed furnaces must wait until spring because heavy wagons can’t traverse the accumulating snow and ice.
Trak returns to the city and finds his note to Myrel still under the flowerpot—unanswered. He becomes resigned that his opportunity has been lost. He reminds himself that he is after all not of her social class. He reluctantly returns to the smithy to concentrate on designing and producing the most elegant weapons he can conceive. He makes extensive use of the Dragon Fire technique, and each new weapon is more ornate than the last.
In midwinter, a messenger arrives from the palace saying that the king wants to present a key supporter with a distinctive steel sword. Trak brings samples of his most recent work to the king’s audience chamber. The king steps forward and selects a deadly looking broad sword, fitted with an ornate bronze hand guard. It is the first time he has seen the Dragon Fire pattern and is enthralled by how the torch light in the chamber playfully flickers off the blade and animates its surface. “This will do nicely. With swords like this, your plan to finance iron production will succeed.”
The king has the weapons cleared from the room, but invites Trak to remain by his side as a large crowd of nobles is ushered into the chamber. Krage is among those admitted. The king begins, “We have asked you here so that we might honor one of our leaders for his service to the kingdom.” He bids the head of the secret police to step forward. Lord Lizardthroat walks to the front, bows and turns to face his peers. “Lord Lizardthroat has brought new intelligence on the activities of the men in the south. His informants confirm that King Red intends to invade our southern border as soon as the winter has lifted. Thanks to Lord Lizardthroat, we will be ready. He will command a force that will be joined by the Duke of Uisgebeatha’s forces to secretly reinforce the border. They will catch the invaders off guard and eliminate the threat before the kingdom is seriously threatened.”
“As you know, we have been greatly concerned about the new iron weapons the enemy introduced during the last war. We are pleased to announce to you that we now have iron weapons of our own. As a result of Lord Lizardthroat’s financial support, his Blue Daggers will be armed with a thousand steal swords.” An attendant brings forward the box that contains “The First.” The king removes the sword and holds it up to view. Before passing the sword into the crowd for inspection, he proclaims, “It goes without saying that all you hear today is a state secret. No word of our plans or of our new capability is to be discussed outside this room.”
After the commotion produced by the new sword settles, the king again stands on his platform, this time holding the elegant broadsword Trak created. The flickering Dragon Fire is clearly visible. “As a token of the kingdom’s appreciation, we present to Lord Lizardthroat the finest weapon known in this or any other kingdom.” He places the hilt of the sword in Melkerei’s hands. The nobles are stunned by the magnitude of the gift. Melkerei’s financial contribution must have been magnificent.
The king is aware that every fighting man in the room wants to arm himself and his troops with the new technology. “Unfortunately, it will take time to produce enough new weapons to equip all our troops, but we will do so as quickly as resources become available. Before we adjourn to the feast hall where we will toast Lord Lizardthroat, we would like to introduce to you the scholar who discovered the secret of iron making. This is Lord Dragonfire of the Isle of Uisgebeatha.” Trak is dumbfounded by the prestigious name the king has bestowed on him. After a moment’s hesitation, the young lord bows to the nobles who clatter their teeth and clap politely before trailing behind the king as he leads them out of the chamber into the feast hall.
Krage intercepts Trak at the door and pulls him aside. “I hope the political lessons of this morning’s audience have not escaped your notice.”
Trak replies, “Clearly, the king intends to finance the rearmament of his armies by intimidated his nobles into bearing the cost. He has successfully manipulated his rival, Lord Lizardthroat, out of the capital. Despite what he said about the need to guard state secrets, he obviously wants everyone to know about the new metal. He would never announce a true secret in such a public setting.”
“I agree. By making a public announcement, the king makes certain that Lord Lizardthroat keeps his part of their arrangement. He also puts his nobles and generals on notice that if they want iron swords they will have to pay for them. You must play some part in the king’s plan or he wouldn’t have drawn attention to you in the way he did. I must give the matter more thought. You must appreciate that King Giforing and Lord Lizardthroat have long been political rivals. A few generations back, a king died without leaving a direct heir. Two noble families both claimed the throne. In the end King Giforing’s family won out, but the Lizardthroat clan has never forgotten and still believes the crown should be theirs. They are forever scheming to bring down the king, yet they must be careful that in so doing they don’t weaken the kingdom to the point that it becomes easy prey for foreign invaders. With Melkerei preparing to leave the capital, both you and the king should be relatively safe from his intrigues, but it would be wise for you return each night to the temple where Melkerei’s tentacles can’t reach you. I will arrange for permanent living quarters.”



Lord Lizardthroat admires his new Dragon Fire sword.

***
In the months that follow, Trak spends his days at the king’s smithy and his nights in the Septantrak. As the weather muddies the roads and hinders the transport of ore to the capital, iron production slows. Trak’s attention turns to designing new types of armaments. His goal is to make himself indispensible to the king by becoming the premier weapons maker in the kingdom.
For centuries, goblins have fought with a short sword and a small wooden shield that they fashion in wicked shapes and embellish with magical symbols. To appear more fiendish to their foes, goblins grease their bodies and file their teeth. With woad they paint themselves blue. Those who can afford jewelry decorate their arms with spiked bracelets and their necks with bronze torcs. They tattoo and paint charms on their bodies to appear more fearsome. Except for a leather or bronze helm and light leather armor, they prefer to fight unencumbered. Many even fight naked, believing supernatural forces protect them. But in the end, their real protection comes from their sword and shield. During the last war, the enemy introduced not only a new metal but also new tactics that render the goblins increasingly vulnerable.
The faces of veterans reveal deep concerns when they recall how the enemy’s iron swords smashed their wooden shields and sliced through leather armor. “Like choppin’ through cheese,” is how one soldier phrased it. Enemy bowman raked the ranks of goblin attackers. Their small shields offered inadequate protection from arrows hailing from the sky. Every salvo launched by the enemy left a dozen goblins wiggling on the ground. Clearly, a larger and stronger shield is needed, but the conundrum is that the shield’s weight can not be increased substantially or it will be too heavy to be carried and maneuvered by a charging foot soldier.
Trak meets with the craftsmen who manufactured shields for the infantry. They agree only iron can withstand the iron weapons of the enemy, but a shield made of iron is prohibitively heavy. The best compromise is a wooden frame reinforced by iron. Trak asks that several shields be deliberately sacrificed to study how they break when struck by iron weapons. The shield makers are reluctant, but in the end, five shields are stacked against a wall and slammed with an iron sword. The craftsmen aren’t happy with the results, but the pattern is clear. When a sword strikes the edge of a shield, a large chunk is cleaved off, but the shield remains functional. However, a strong blow directed at the center of the shield shatters the cross struts that brace the back. If the shield does not entirely break in half, the arm grip is ruined and the shield made useless. A way is needed to strengthen the shield’s center.
Trak fashions a thick iron plate. With the round plate riveted to the center, the shield’s strength improves, but the added weight is noticeable, and impacts on the plate jar the shield arm and tire the bearer. After blocking a few pounding blows, a soldier could barely keep the shield raised above his head. Trak realizes that protecting the shield’s center is analogous to building a helmet to protect the skull. The solution is not to make the shield thicker, but to contour the front of the shield so that the impact is deflected to the side. In the end, the shield makers design a curved shield that partially wraps around the bearer. They cover the front of the shield with boiled leather to stop arrows, and Trak adds to the middle an elevated iron ridge to deflect the impact of a blow away from the vulnerable center. The shield is longer than the traditional round shield. Placed side to side, a line of these shields would block incoming arrows as the attackers advance.
Trak begins to play with the shield’s basic shape. If he is going to curve the front of the shield and raise its center, why not go a step further. He sculpts the center plate to resemble a goblin’s snout and integrates the snout into an angry face. He hopes it would make charging goblins appear larger and more ferocious. “Let the enemy believe that demons from the Underworld are descending upon them.”
It is all well and good for goblins to eschew cumbersome armor and rely on their quickness to outflank an opponent, but Trak is only half-goblin and is neither small nor nimble. He reasons that armor would offer him protection, and he has the strength to carry the extra weight. He hasn’t forgotten the slashing cut he received to his cheek and leather vest. He takes an idea from the ceremonial armor worn by the manikin in the broch. He rivets overlapping, oblong plates between a boiled leather outer layer and the felt lining. His creation proves remarkably flexible.
Trak wants to incorporate a mask into his helm that will intimidate opponents. He settles on a skull design. It creates large eyeholes so that his vision will not be obstructed and a chin-guard that resembles a skeletonized jaw. Before he even finishes making his skull helm, soldiers begin requesting personal armament. Lord Lizardthroat likes Trak’s new helm so much that he commissions the smithy to make a hundred helms for his elite personal guard. He requests a design that mimics the face of a giant lizard. It is Trak’s first big commission, and the money he receives seems exorbitant by the standards of the Isle of Uisgebeatha. Trak divides the manufacturing of the lizard-helms into a series of discrete tasks that are assigned to different smiths. Trak assembles the finished product. He pays the workers, and keeps the extra for himself. Trak is delighted to have found the means to acquire a personal fortune. With a small amount of money he can establish his own smithy. In a few years he could gain wealth and, with wealth, power and influence.
Trak seeks Gerum’s advice. He tells the king’s smith that he wants to establish his own business and sell arms directly to kingdom’s ruling class. “Are ye mad?” warns Gerum. “The king will look the other way if ye keep your business enterprises small, but become too ambitious, and ‘e will be forced to remind ye of your place. He may have given ye a fancy name, but in ‘is eyes ye are just ‘is servant and exist to serve ‘is needs. What’s more, ye are a cross-breed, and for that the nobles despise ye. Without the king’s protection, they will quickly smash the comeuppance out of ye.” The truth of Gerum’s words thrusts a dagger in Trak’s ambitions. There is nowhere in the goblin kingdom where, despite his skills and fancy name, he can be more than a nobleman’s servant.
***
Trak studies every type of weapons and armor he can get his hands on. Veterans show him the war trophies they have collected on the battlefield. Trak studies lethal looking axes and battle stars. He wants to understand how each is used. Spore have relied for too long on swords, bows and spears—weapons that the enemy is well trained to defend against. Trak wants weapons that the enemy will be ill-prepared to fight.
This sets Trak to thinking how best to defeat a man protected by heavy iron armor. Slashing blows are not very effective against iron plate. The trick is to stab the unprotected areas of an opponent’s body—his groin, his armpit and especially his neck. When it comes to killing, the more gruesome the better. It occurs to Trak that the thousand steel swords he and Gerum made for the king are not the most effective weapons to use against a man wearing armor. A thrusting spear would serve better. What’s more, a spear tip is easier to manufacture and requires less iron than a sword.
In his military training, Trak was taught to advance in formation but once the enemy was engaged, to pick an opponent and fight one-on-one. Why? He knows that the men in the south form defensive formations that are not easily penetrated. The goblins tire more quickly than men. The longer a fight lasts, the greater the chance a goblin would end up hacked to pieces. What if, instead of engaging in one-on-one combat, goblins learn to fight in teams? He imagines a line of goblins facing a line of men. The men will defend against the goblin immediately in front of them. Trak imagines the goblins thrusting their spears not straight ahead, but at the man who stands facing his companion on the right. Trak knows he has no practical military experience and his idea is probably crazy, but he decides to discuss the matter with the king’s master-at-arms who has the experience to quickly point out the fallacy in his thinking.
He finds the master, whose name is Hogarth, standing on the palace training field. Hogarth is considered a hero of the last war. He showed extraordinary courage in defense of the king and rose quickly to the rank of master-at-arms. Trak finds him engaged in casual conversation with several of his senior guards. During the last few months, the master’s respect for Trak has steadily grown. Trak’s swords are wondrous. The cross-breed only asks for the minimum needed to make weapons and always delivers what he promises. Trak has brought with him one of his new shields and a newly engineered halberd that is embellished with an extra hook for pulling riders off their horses. He would have preferred to discuss his idea with Hogarth in private, but there seems to be no easy way to get rid of the guardsmen who are standing about.
He begins. “Pardon my ignorance, but I need the benefit of your experience.” Trak pantomimes a combat scenario, playing the roles of both the attacking goblins and the defending men. He blocks an imaginary opponent’s charge with his shield and obliquely thrust his spear into the side of the equally imaginary opponent that engages his neighbor to his right. After explaining his idea three times for the benefit of additional guards who become curious and wander over to join the conversation, he asks his assembled experts for their opinions.
Trak expects the guards to laugh at his pantomime the same way Duke Amin’s soldiers guffawed at raw recruits, but no one is even smiling. One soldier says he doesn’t like the idea but isn’t sure why. Another suggests that it is cowardly. “It is like stabbin’ someone in the back.”
The master-at-arms isn’t sure. He fought men in the last war and saw the heavy casualties the goblins suffered against the larger, better equipped enemy soldiers. He would consider any tactic that might increase a goblin’s chance. Hogarth remembered how at the Battle of the Dragon’s Belly, he saved Grenab by driving his spear into the side of a man who was about to decapitate his friend. “For your idea to work, a soldier would have to completely trust the goblin next to ‘im to protect ‘is front,” the master said. “I don’t know if such trust can be taught to recruits. Give me a couple of days to play with your idea, and I will let you know what I decide.”


Chapter 9

Fools who travel without friends fall through sieves.
Goblin Proverb

Neu Ardonbrae:
As the weather warms, the ice melts and roads dry. Lord Lizardthroat marches out of the city at the head of a thousand troops, each armed with a new iron sword. Crowds line the street and cheer their champions. In the temple, Trak has grown accustomed to his apartment. It consists of two rooms and a small balcony overlooking the city. The suite appears to have been designed for the short-term use by a visiting dignitary. He takes his morning and evening meals in the same dormitory where he was quartered when he first arrived in the city. Dressed in a white robe, he walks freely through the temple’s corridors. Except for a few locked doors, there are no restrictions. Trak makes exploring the temple his evening’s entertainment. He often visits the balcony where the Greeting of the Sun ceremony is held, but Myrel is never there. It is as though she has vanished from the Septantrak.
The temple workers seem interested in him. They want to know about his life on the Isle of Uisgebeatha. The workers are particularly polite; they never mention his mixed-blood or inquire about his parents. He has lengthy conversations with the high priest, Alrik Redeyes who administers the temple’s affairs. Alrik encourages him to visit and welcomes questions about the ancient religion. His skin is the whitest Trak has ever seen, but it is his penetrating blood red eyes that give his words their stamp of authority. Trak would accompany the albino cleric as he made his evening inspection of the temple.
“I am most interested in magic,” Trak admits. “Where can it be found? Can I experience it for myself?”
“I can describe it for you, but only those who have completed training and taken vows are fully instructed in the art,” Alrik replies.
“I feel I experience magic when I forge metal. Is the magic of your religion something similar?
“You have picked an interesting example,” Alrik responds. “The Septantrak is built in this volcano because the power in molten rock drives all magic. Spore are not in themselves magical, but some learn to control the power of the earth and sometimes the Earth Spirit bestows power unbidden on an individual.”
“What power can there be in an extinct volcano?” questions Trak.
“Come with me.” Alrik picks up a lantern and leads the way through an unimposing door. They descend through ancient twisting passages until they arrive at an enormous cavern whose roof is lit by an orange glow. Alrik extinguishes the lantern he carries and guides Trak to the very heart of the chamber where they stand on a cliff and look into a fissure where hundreds of feet below a ribbon of molten magma flows. Trak recognizes the same luminescent orange that emanates from his forge. He stands mesmerized as the heat from the lava creeps into his body. He hears the Earth singing, like a siren calling sailors onto the rocks. “Yes, there is magic here. I can feel it!”
In the flowing lava are fragments of solid rock that create a constantly changing pattern of dark, swirling shapes on the lava’s surface. Trak focuses on the patterns and allows them to coalesce into recognizable forms. He sees in the flow the face of the old she-goblin, five sword-wielding goblins, the head of a goblin rising above the floor of the loft, and butterflies trapped in a cage. He understands how these images could arise out of his experiences, but he sees other shapes and wonders if they too have a personal significance.
He sees a charging warhorse, galleys sailing on the ocean, a burning ship, bodies floating on the water and his Dragon Fire sword resting on an altar. Do these unfamiliar scenes represent his future? As he opens up to the visions present in the lava, the power of the Earth enters his body. He looks at his tingling hands and sees a faint blue glow forming at the tips of his fingers. He feels the need to release his spirit. His consciousness departs his body and rises to the top of the cavern. He wills it to soar over the countryside, backtracking along the path he followed last summer until it arrives at the old goblin’s cave in the forest. There it meets a beautiful, young spirit seated at a table. The figure is transparent and radiant, the essence of moon shine, a spirit without substance. She smiles the most loving smile. She speaks in a soft voice, “I see that ye be learning to use your gift.” Then the contact is lost and he is back in the cave staring at the flowing lava. Trak is bewildered, “What has just happened?”
The next day he asks if he could begin training in the secrets of the religion. Alrik replies, “To ask is to have already begun.” During the next week, Trak returns alone to the cliff and listen to the earth’s beckoning voice. To get closer to the flowing lava, he follows a tunnel deeper into the earth. It eventually connects with a dark cavern. The light from his lantern does not reach its roof. He walks to the center of the chamber and is startled to see a giant stone goblin standing on a platform. The naked figure towers over him and in the flickering lamplight appears to slowly turn its head and follow Trak with its gaze as he walks across the cavern. Around the huge statue stand five stones made of red volcanic rock. At the edge of the platform Trak looks into the abyss where lava once flowed, but no longer. The stone is black and the heat gone. Magic has left this place, is Trak’s first thought.
Yet when he stands completely still, he senses the spirits of the dead all around him. Besides the dead, Trak feels another presence, something ill-formed and evil. The presence speaks directly to his mind. “What do you want, little priest?” it asks.
The deep, rasping voice startles Trak. “Who are you?” he stammers.
The answer is a hateful laugh that arises from deep in the earth and gradually intensifies until it fills Trak’s brain like the clanging of an enormous brass bell. “I am your future,” the voice echoes in his head.
Trak yells back, “Show yourself!”
The reply is soft and cunning, “In time, little priest, in time.” Trak feels a wave of panic flood through him and breaks his connection with the unnamed evil.
When Trak discusses his out-of-body contact with the woman on the Isle of Uisgebeatha, Alrik smiles. He knows whose spirit Trak encountered, but all he said is, “The ability to project one’s spirit is indeed a precious gift. As you have guessed, the ability is tied to the flow of magma in the earth. In time you may learn to project even when you are not near a volcano.” The priest sighs and admits reluctantly, “Our powers ebb and flow with the fluxing of the earth. The lava once flowed more intensely than it does today.” Alrik doesn’t reveal that Trak’s gift is rare and considered a power possessed only by those descended from the first Thaumaturgist.
When Trak speaks of the evil presence that taunted him from the depths of the earth, the cleric grows quiet and is reluctant to comment, but Trak senses that the priest has also felt the evil. Alrik names the evil Tironock Kan and says, “It is foretold that one day this evil will emerge from the Underworld and threaten the surface world with annihilation. Tironock Kan will be so powerful that no man or goblin can stand against him. It is our faith that if we devote our lives to the service of Shenal Ken, the Earth Spirit, she will deliver us from the coming evil. We live our day-to-day lives squabbling with each other and trying to hold at bay the men in the south, but the real enemy is Tironock. When the evil presence emerges from the Underworld, I believe he will consume us like an unquenchable fire.”
Trak asks if the Thaumaturgist has the power to stop the scourge that is coming. Alrik explains that each Thaumaturgist is different and not necessarily the temple’s most powerful wielder of magic. The Thaumaturgist is special because he is the Spirit’s chosen voice. When the Spirit wishes to communicate with the faithful, he speaks through the Thaumaturgist.
“When was the last time the Spirit spoke?” Trak inquires.
“The last public utterance of the Spirit was recorded three hundred years ago.”
“The Spirit is not very talkative,” quips Trak.
“It seems like a long time to mortals who barely live three-score years,” says Alrik with an apologetic smile on his bone-white face. “It is not clear what role the Thaumaturgist will play in the fight against the evil that is coming.”
“What is the next step in my training?” inquires Trak. He craves to explore every facet of the power that comes from the flowing lava.
“It is different for everyone. You must find your own path; but I caution you, paths to knowledge are most dangerous.” Trak assumes that Alrik is speaking allegorically when he refers to danger, a mistake he will later discover.
Trak wishes he could find Myrel. She has lived in the temple her entire life. She could help him understand the mysteries of the ancient religion. He looks for her in the gardens in the volcano’s ancient crater. He finds the butterfly zoo. The plants are there, but the butterflies have all lived out their brief lives and died. Girls are playing near the cage. He asks where he could find Myrel. “She is undergoing testing,” he is informed. “She must pass a test to become an Initiate, those who devote their lives to serving the Spirit. She is in seclusion and can see no one.”


Chapter 10

Neu Ardonbrae, Holy Mountain: The Trial of the Initiates

The day Myrel dreaded arrives suddenly. She is in school listening to her teacher discuss the accomplishments of a long-dead goblin king when she and two other girls are summoned to the school’s administrative center. She is surprised to see the cleric Alrik in the office. He welcomes them and bids them sit.
“Your teachers have informed me that you three are ready to undergo the Trial of the Initiates.” The faces of her two friends show their excitement. Myrel’s face produces a small frown. “Your time as a novice is over. When each of you successfully completes your Initiate’s testing, you will take your vows. The next few months are the most important of your lives. During this time you will be evaluated; based on your performance your instructors will help you select your life’s work.
When her classmates leave, Myrel remains. The cleric’s blood red eyes regard her; he asks if she has something she wishes to discuss. Myrel nervously speaks, “I have no idea what my life’s work will be, but I don’t think it is here in the temple. I was raised in the temple because my mother came here seeking refuge, but I feel that I belong out in the world.”
“My advice to you is to discuss your concerns with your father and mother before you begin your testing. Once testing has begun you will be in seclusion and unable to speak with them. The test will reveal to your instructors if you have the aptitude to be an Initiate, but the results will also help you understand what is best for you. No one is forced to take vows. However, if after passing the test you decline to take vows, you will be asked to leave the temple.”
That evening at dinner, Myrel announces to her parents that she must begin the Trial of the Initiates. “Tomorrow I will go into seclusion and begin testing. When finished, I will either become an Initiate or leave the temple. In either case, I will not be living here any longer.”
“If you leave the temple, where will you go?” asks her mother.
“I have no idea,” Myrel responds, “but I can’t become an Initiate just because I’m afraid to leave.
Krage lightly touches her hand, “Daughter, I regret that I haven’t been here to guide you, but if it is your wish to leave the Septantrak, perhaps I can help you find a place in the world.”
The next morning Myrel departs. Her childhood is over. She gives each parent a long hug and walks away with only the clothes she is wearing. The queen immediately feels her absence; without her daughter to care for, her purpose is over. She can even leave the temple. She is free to go where she likes, or so she imagines.
***
The instructors describe Myrel’s first test as a spiritual journey. She is told to search her heart for what is most important to her. They hand her food and water for ten days and without further explanation lead her to the entrance of the temple’s catacombs. “When you are ready to leave, knock loudly on the door and you will be released.” An instructor offers her parting advice. “In the past, some have not been able to tolerate ten days of isolation and returned early, but most make themselves comfortable and spend the time in meditation. You will find that time loses all meaning in the catacombs and petty concerns vanish. Think of the catacombs as a cocoon from which you will emerge as a new individual, transformed by heightened spiritual awareness.”
“Once each day, a temple worker will enter the catacombs and replenish the lamps that illuminate the central corridor. The worker will not speak to you.”
“This is morbid,” Myrel says to herself as she enters the catacombs. She stands in the crypt surrounded by thousands of sarcophagi; her first reaction is typical. A claustrophobic weight squeezes her chest, even though the corridor is wide and well lit, it is hard to reject the crushing sensation. “I’ve been buried alive,” she says out loud.
Bays have been cut into the walls of the corridor. In each bay stone sarcophagi and mummies wrapped in linen lie on platforms. Lamps sit atop sarcophagi at regular intervals. Myrel is relieved that, although the air is stale, it is not tainted with the pungent, sweet smell of putrefying flesh. Most sarcophagi are unlabeled, the dead now forgotten and unvisited by the living. Myrel walks halfway down the central corridor and passes a dozen branching side passages. These are not lit and look menacing.
“Ten days. These could be the longest ten days of my life. I should have brought a book.” Being surrounded by the dead is unsettling. She sits on an unoccupied platform that is a good distance from any linen bundles and tries to calm her breathing. She thinks I am after all perfectly safe. The instructors are probably watching me at this very moment.
At some point she falls asleep and awakes with a start. How long have I been asleep? Not long, she guesses, but it is most disconcerting not to be able to measure the passage of time. “How can I tell when ten days have passed—when the food is gone? This must be why the instructor described the catacombs as timeless.” She decides to extinguish one of the lamps. If it is relit, she would know that a temple worker has made his daily rounds. “Is there only one door?” she asks herself. Myrel places several small pebbles across the threshold. “If the pebbles are displaced, I will know someone has passed through the door.”
“I can make a clock!” She finds a sharp stone and scratches a line at the level of the meniscus of the lamp’s oil reservoir. She counts four thousand heartbeats and scratches a second line. That is one hour, she estimates. She then makes a series of evenly spaced scratches on the reservoir. With a full reservoir of oil, the lamp will stay lit for about 30 hours. Counting so many heartbeats proves to be remarkably calming. When her clock and her stomach both tell her it is time to eat; she nibbles at her bread supply. Only the noise of her chewing breaks the silence of the tomb.
“Now what?” Myrel proclaims out loud. She is already talking to herself. The quiet is otherwise too unsettling. She is beginning to believe she can hear the blood circulating through her head. She decides to try whistling. She imitates a birdcall until she gets the hang of it. After that, other note patterns come more easily. The notes echo off the vaults where the dead sleep. “I can do it. Won’t Trak be surprised?” She admits, despite misgivings about the boy’s truthfulness, she is drawn to Trak. She imagines herself running off with the cross-breed sorcerer. Her friends would be aghast. The thought of doing such a wicked thing gives her pleasure. Then she remembers that as an Initiate, it probably will not include Trak.
She is feeling restless from having sat so long. It is obvious to her that she can’t sit and meditate for ten days. Besides, she has thought about her uncertain future for her entire life, how could ten more days make any difference? She wonders if exploring the dark corridors of the catacombs would be adventurous. She stands up, brushes the red dust of the catacombs from her robe, picks up her clock-lamp and sets off down the first side corridor. It goes on for a hundred strides. She thinks a lot of workers must have died during the temple’s thousand-year history. If a new generation comes along every twenty years and each generation contributes five hundred temple workers, then there could be as many as twenty-five thousand corpses in the catacombs. At the far end of the corridor, Myrel has the unsettling thought, if her lamp suddenly goes out, she would have to find her way back to the main corridor by groping in the dark over the sarcophagi and linen bundles of the dead. She resolves to carry two lamps the next time she leaves the central corridor. According to her clock, her exploration of the corridor lasted about an hour. Myrel’s interest in numbers and measurements is a decidedly atypical. Most goblins count, but few find an occasion to multiply.
Myrel spends the remainder of the day exploring corridors. They are all about the same—dry tunnels with niches cut into the volcanic rock and platforms on which stone sarcophagi are placed. The only exception is one corridor that ends in a dome-shaped chamber. Four stone goblins carved out of the red volcanic rock hold up the ceiling. In the center of the room is a marble altar, its sides covered in ancient script.
The language on the altar is archaic and many of the words Myrel puzzles over, but it seems to say. “Many arrive, none depart.” A terrible thought flashes through Myrel’s mind. What if after ten days, no one lets me out?
She explores what seems to be the oldest section of the catacombs. The side of one sarcophagus has cracked; Myrel holds her lamp close to the crack and sees fragments of bone and cloth. When her clock-lamp tells her it is late, she returns to the main corridor. The lamp she extinguished earlier in the day has been relit, and the other lamps refilled. A blanket has been placed on a stone platform. Myrel notes the time and transfers oil to her clock-lamp. After eating a little, she rolls up in the blanket and goes to sleep on the stone platform. Sometime later, Myrel awakes, wondering if the temple worker who brought the blanket entered through the same door as she. She walks back to the entrance and sees that the pebbles are still in place. “There must be another door,” she gasps.
***
On the second day, Myrel walks the remaining corridors and scratches a map of the catacombs on the wall. She wonders if the instructors will be upset about the graffiti she is generating, but the rules of the test are clear—there are no rules. The instructors probably think she is spending her time meditating, but again they did not say she had to. Anyway, there is plenty of time for that later. Myrel watches her clock. As the time approaches for the lamps to be refilled, she hides in a dark corridor to observe. She watches an old temple worker arrive at the expected time and fill the lamps. He returns the way he came, down the corridor where the altar stands surrounded by four stone goblins. She attempts to follow his light, but it disappears at the far end of the corridor. Perhaps he has turned into a side passage. A moment later she hears the sound of stone scraping on stone. A door in a side passage, she thinks. She goes quickly to the corridor’s end and looks down the side branches. She does not see the lamp or the attendant.
She spends the next day practicing her whistling and exploring the walls at the end of the corridor. She looks in every possible nook and behind every sarcophagus but she can’t find a door. Her plan for the third evening is clear. She will hide behind a sarcophagus at the end of the corridor that holds the marble altar and watch the temple worker enter and exit the catacombs. Solving the mystery of the second door seems a silly preoccupation, but it gives her a challenge to occupy her time.
She selects her hiding place and makes herself comfortable. She eats a little before drifting into a light sleep. At the sound of scraping stone she awakes. A glow appears in the center of the chamber and sends the shadows of the stone goblins dancing across the walls. The temple worker climbs out of the altar. The image of the dead rising from their graves is most unsettling. She waits until the worker is far down the corridor before she leaves her hiding place and in the dim light from the lamps in the main corridor peers into the opened altar. I hope what I find isn’t disgusting, she thinks. The inside of the altar is dimly lit by a light coming from a staircase within. She hides herself again and waits for the attendant to climb into the altar and close the lid. An hour after he departs, Myrel attempts to slide the marble lid open. It wouldn’t budge. Apparently, there is a way to lock the lid from inside.
On the fourth night when the attendant is filling lamps at the other end of the catacombs, Myrel climbs into the altar and descends the stairs. She emerges in a storage room where a lamp sits burning on a table. She feels panic when she hears voices in the next room. From her hiding place behind a stack of barrels, she hears the scraping of stone on stone and the footsteps of the attendant descending the stairs. He collects the lamp on the table and exits the storage room via the door. Myrel moves toward the door and peers into the room beyond. It is filled with tables and stools. On the tables are books, stacks of parchment and inkpots. Myrel recognizes the temple’s scriptorium. The voices come from behind a bookcase. Myrel thinks the voices sounded vaguely familiar. One sounds a lot like Alrik, the High Priest.
“Tomorrow morning when the Thaumaturgist departs for an audience with the king, your men will wait for him in a side passage.” Myrel listens in disbelief. They are plotting to kill Krage and blame the crime on a member of the king’s guard. She has to warn her father.
When the conspirators leave, Myrel heads for her parent’s apartment. They are surprised to see her and more surprised by the warning she brings. Krage thanks her and tells her not to worry. Now that he is forewarned, he can deal with the situation. She takes a lamp from her father’s study as she leaves. It is late; she encounters no one moving about the corridors. She passes through the disserted scriptorium and proceeds up the staircase. There is indeed a latch that locks the lid of the altar. She releases it and climbs back into the catacombs. When she closes the lid she hears the lock engage behind her. She has survived her adventure undetected. Why would someone in the temple want to kill my father?” she ponders. She wraps herself in a blanket and falls into an agitated sleep.
The next day Myrel frets. She wants to reassure herself that her father is all right. She could knock on the door to the catacomb and end her test, but it is only the fifth day. It is too soon to leave. She decides to wait until night and reenter the storage room to see what more she can learn. While waiting for evening, Myrel studies the altar lid that covers the hidden staircase. She finds scratches and fresh scrapes on the edges of the lid that betray the altar’s hidden purpose. She wonders, are there other secret passages in the catacombs? She searches all day until she discovers a suspicious set of scratches on a sarcophagus near the door through which she first entered the catacombs. It is clear that the lid has been repeatedly opened. This lid is not locked. With all her strength, she pushes the lid to the side.
There is no hidden passage, only a solid vault containing a small wooden box that Myrel removes and opens. It holds a large key and a scroll of parchment. She unrolls the ancient parchment to discover a map. The map is a layout of the temple. Ten floor plans are stacked on top of each other. There are levels that Myrel didn’t know existed. Black lines of various lengths interconnect the levels. Myrel realizes the lines represent passages—probably secret. There are more than two dozen. Instructions for locating the entrances to the passages are indicated. Myrel dares not keep the map, so she studies it for hours until she is sure she can draw every detail perfectly before returning it to the sarcophagus. She fails to guess the purpose of the key.
That night, when she is again hidden in the scriptorium, the three conspirators reappear. “How could your plan have gone so wrong? Are you totally incompetent?” said the man who sounded like a military commander.
His subordinate responds, “Lord, I was behind the Thaumaturgist as he walked down the passage. Everything was set as planned, but as the Thaumaturgist approached the ambush point, six of the king’s guard came running down the hall to the spot where my men were hiding. I heard only muffled cries. The king’s guard knew exactly where the ambush would occur. The Thaumaturgist walked by like he was unaware that anything had happened. Someone must have informed the master-at-arms of our plan.”
“How is that possible?” exclaimed a voice. “Except for your dead guards, we are the only ones who knew the time and place of the attack. Will the disappearance of your men be noticed?”
“No, I posted orders transferring them to a remote outpost the day before. Their companions here in the city will think they have been reassigned.”
Myrel learns nothing about why they are trying to kill her father, but for the moment he is alive. Myrel stays three more days in the catacombs and makes two more visits to the scriptorium but has no further encounters with the conspirators. On the ninth day, she again studies the map. With the details fresh in her memory, she knocks on the catacomb door and waits to be released.
No one opens the door. Myrel fights her swelling panic when she realizes that the secret stairway inside the altar is the only other exit and it is locked. Would someone eventually come or would she be left to die? She decides not to overreact. She will wait until evening and see if the attendant reappears. He does not show, and soon the lamps start to burn out. Myrel extinguishes all but two lamps to conserve what oil is left. She berates herself for not saving a bit of the oil each day in the event something like this happened. In the morning, the last lamp flickers and dies out.
She sits in the blackness with her back against the door. She closes her eyes because there is no reason to open them and listens for sounds in the corridor behind the door. All she hears is her own heart pounding in her head. It takes all her strength to calm herself, but as she does, she feels a tingling in her fingers. She opens her eyes to find the vault no longer pitch black. She is startled to see a blue light radiate from her fingertips and weakly illuminate the catacombs. The sensation is remarkably calming. As the tingling passes through her, she hears a disembodied voice speak inside her head, “Use the key.”


Chapter 11

City of Neu Ardonbrae: The Giant Skull-Headed Goblin

Trak’s new smelting operation will commence in a few weeks, and his special weapons projects are off the drawing board and in the hands of the craftsmen. The master-at-arms has never gotten back to him about his idea for a new style of combat, and Trak has taken Hogarth’s lack of enthusiasm as an indication that it has no merit. He has not seen the Thaumaturgist since he was instructed to move back into the temple. One evening as Trak stands on his balcony staring out over the lights of the city, he recognizes Krage’s voice, “May I enter?” Trak turns to see Krage standing in the doorway. The Thaumaturgists joins him on the balcony. “During the fifteen years I was on the Isle of Uisgebeatha, this view is the sight I missed most.” Trak remains silent, waiting for Krage to come to the reason for his visit.
“The king has decided to join Lord Lizardthroat on the border. He believes the invasion from the south will commence in two weeks. As Thaumaturgist, it is customary that I accompany him. I would like you to come as well.”
“Does the king’s army need another smith?”
“You will not be going as a smith; you will be my assistant. We leave in two days.”
Trak turns his responsibilities in the smithy over to Gerum and readies his new armor and weapons. He hands Gerum a sack containing most of his profits from making helms for Melkerei’s police. “Give this to the widow of the man who was killed when the ore cart collapsed.”
Gerum is surprised by the gesture, “I’m sure it will be appreciated. May the ancestors speed your safe return.” As they embrace, Trak realizes that he is not sure he wants to return to the capital. He doesn’t want to be the king’s or any other noble’s pawn.
Trak makes a final visit to the balcony where he first met Myrel and pens a final message. “I want to say good-bye. I don’t know when or even if I’ll return. A girl from your school told me you were testing to become an Initiate. I hope serving in the Temple brings you the happiness you seek.”
At the appointed time, Trak stands in the cobbled stone square in front of the palace along with the master-at-arms, the royal guard of two hundred, three hundred porters and seventy-five handcarts. The king and a lanky boy of about sixteen, whom Trak takes to be the king’s son, emerge from the palace and climb into a closed liter. Krage in his scarlet robe climbs into another, and without fanfare, the master-at-arms orders the caravan to move out.
Soldiers run in front and clear the streets of delivery wagons and merchants preparing for the morning’s market activities. Trak falls in behind the main body of guardsmen that precede the liters and wagons out of the city. He is pleased to see each guardsman is armed with a steel sword and carries a new shield over his left shoulder. Each shield bears the king’s sigil. a freshly painted golden hawk flying on a white field.
Trak imagines that he will be walking by himself all the way to the border, but when the caravan clears the city’s wall, Krage emerges from his liter and joins him. He has removed his scarlet robe and is dressed in his boiled leather vest. “A stroll to the border and back will do wonders for my health,” he proclaims to Trak as he catches up with him puffing from the exertion. “I enjoy times when a new phase in my life begins. I feel that today is such a time.” He glances at Trak and notes that his cheek-scar is turning white with age. He wears his sword and leather armor comfortably. The Thaumaturgist observes Trak is no longer the wide-eyed boy that left the island six months before.
It will take ten days for the caravan to meander down the coastal road and reach the border. Trak shares a tent with Krage and performs the routine duties expected of an apprentice. Krage’s tent is always near the king’s and is heavily guarded. Krage spends his evenings reading. He loans Trak an alchemy text to occupy his idle time.
On the third night, the party camps north of the Dragon’s Belly. Trak trails behind Krage and the king as they climb the hill overlooking the lava beds. They are subdued, remembering the events of a terrible day nineteen years ago. Neither speaks as a light spring snow descends and slowly covers the dragon’s black scales. For twenty minutes, King Giforing stares and relives the battle that cost a thousand goblin lives. He hopes that his current campaign will not be a repeat of the earlier disaster. He has to believe that the new iron swords will make the difference. He turns and heads toward his tent.
Krage thinks of all those who have died because he impulsively ran off with King Red’s queen. King Giforing has stood by him and has given protection to the queen even though most of the nobles want her shipped back to King Red. Krage acted out of love for the queen and without thought for the consequences to the goblin kingdom. His actions seem, even to him, unbelievably selfish. He can think of no way to repair the damage he has done. Perhaps the new iron swords are a partial repayment of the debt he owes the kingdom.
Trak follows Krage as he leaves the hill and walks toward a small meadow covered in a sea of blooming orange marshmallows and fluffy-white meadowsweets. “It is here we buried a thousand infantry,” the Thaumaturgist says, addressing no one in particular. Trak can see no trace of the mounds that must have once dotted the meadow. Krage turns toward Trak and suggests, “Perhaps, you should harvest the mallow leaves and meadow wart. We will need them later.” To treat battle injuries, Trak thinks to himself. He gathers enough plants to fill a handcart. He knows that horsetail and goutweed will also be needed. He will look for them as they journey toward the border.
When the column marches through Halban by the Sea, Trak learns that Duke Amin’s army left the Isle of Uisgebeatha and passed through on their way to the border a week before. He wishes he had time to sail across the channel and visit with the ancient goblin in the woods. He imagines her in her cave peering through her magnifying glass at a tiny blossom. It frightens him to think old age could take her before he can return.
***
In his fortress in the south, King Red is inpatient. He has been ready to invade the goblin kingdom for months and detests having to wait for the roads to dry. Finally, he stands before his assembled captains on the eve of their departure. He shouts at his officers, “Remember you fight for your king and country. Your cause is just. Your enemy is the inhuman spawn of the devil, himself. God will guide you to victory.”
Save your rhetoric for the recruits, thinks a veteran commander who wishes he could avoid the speeches and prayers that accompany the start of every campaign. The sooner we start, the sooner we can come home. He knows the attack on the border is a ruse to draw Duke Amin off his island. The border is only a two day march from King Red’s fortress. With luck we will be back home in a fortnight. There could be a little fighting, but the odds are stacked in our favor, he thinks. He doesn’t feel particularly anxious for himself or his fellow soldiers.
Red has assembled a modest force of twelve hundred infantry and two hundred cavalry. They are supported by an equal number of porters and craftsmen. As the army approaches the border, the field commanders brief their captains on the expected enemy’s strength and location. “Our first encounter will come tomorrow when we ford the river.” As predicted, the advanced guard encounters resistance at the ford, but after a dozen bowman hidden in the trees on the opposite bank shower the crossing troops with a couple of volleys, they break and flee before the advancing army. The news of the successful crossing pleases King Red, and he orders the entire army to cross the river and camp in the meadow on the other side. One of his generals cautions that it is wiser to keep the river between the army and any potential attackers. The king ignores the caution, and the main army crosses the river and sets up a temporary camp. Guards are posted, but no attempt is made to fortify the encampment.
Concealed in the woods, Trak stands beside Krage who is positioned behind the king and his son waiting for the dawn. Trak has donned his skull helm and mask. He stands two heads taller than the average goblin and his muscular arms ripple beneath tight bands of iron that bear wicked spikes. On his left arm he holds his newly fashioned shield. Trak has forged in steel the gory image of a human face, flayed and stretched over the shield’s surface. To friend and foe alike, he looks like the king’s champion—the warrior chosen to represent the king in single combat. Trak looks more menacing than he feels.
Trak thinks, at least I’m in the safest place possible. I have the entire king’s guard here to protect me. He leans on his spear as he regards the nervous behavior of the king’s son who stands in front of him. Pimples!—Trak realizes that this is the boy the duke’s niece so adamantly refuses to marry. Trak agrees with Dorla——he doesn’t look like much of a husband. From the dark shade of the forest Trak gazes on the meadow as it becomes sunlit. A monarch flutters among the spring flowers and reminds Trak of Myrel and her butterfly zoo. A league away he sees the colorful tents of King Red’s encampment arranged in parade-ground orderliness.
Lord Lizardthroat has successfully positioned his soldiers in the forest during the night. His army is crouching a short distance away on the king’s left flank. Deeper in the trees, Duke Amin’s troops stand in reserve. At dawn with the sun at their backs, Melkerei’s infantry advance at a slow run. By staying under the cover of the tall grass, they cover half the distance to the camp before they are spotted. Trak watches a sentry turn and run through the camp shouting, “Goblins! Goblins! We are attacked!” The porters and craftsmen bolt out of their tents and flee for the river while soldiers emerge holding their swords and attempt to take defensive positions.
Trak watches a thousand Spore wearing the Blue Dagger sigil race screaming into the camp and engage King Red’s disorganized troops; many of whom are shoeless. At first, the goblins have the best of it. The men fight without their armor and shields. The nimbler goblins slay the first men they encounter, but by the time the attackers reach the center of the encampment, they face men who have time to grab their shields and stand shoulder to shoulder to meet the attackers. The goblins find it difficult to penetrate their formations. Their attack stalls, and slowly the goblins begin to tire. Fortunately, their swords hold up, it strengthens their will to know they can meet the steel of the men with steel of their own. Trak is mesmerized by the sound of steel striking steel, the shouts of the commanders and the screams of the attackers and the wounded.
The goblin king watches from the woods, and, excited by the goblin’s early success, turns to Trak and says, “Congratulations, Lord Dragonfire, your swords are a wonder.”
Trak replies, “The swords are strong, My Liege, but I fear the battle goes badly.”
“What do you mean? We have taken them by surprise and their losses are heavy,” retorts the king.
“Yes, My Liege, but your infantry tires and the battle is about to turn. I suggest you withdraw your forces before they are butchered.”
The king watches as the horror Trak predicts begins to unfold. His mind flashes back to the Battle of the Dragon’s Belly. After witnessing a dozen goblins hacked down by men who patiently crouched behind their shields waiting for an opening, he looks at Krage who advices, “I recommend you order a retreat and fight again another day.” The order to retreat is signaled by the trignani, the battle horns, and Lord Lizardthroat is only too ready to comply. Duke Amin’s troops are ordered forward to protect the Blue Dagger retreat.
King Red, emboldened by the shift in fortunes, orders his army to advance against the retreating goblins. When Duke Amin’s advancing infantry collide with King Red’s men, the goblins regain the advantage. The duke’s troops are fresh and massed in attack formations while the men are tired and strung out over the battlefield. Again, the goblin advantage is short lived. When scattered elements of King Red’s cavalry begin arriving, the duke’s army is beaten back to the tree line. The cavalry was caught unprepared by the goblin attack, and only now have a few riders managed to saddle and enter the battle.
Trak is stunned by how fast a few mounted riders turn the battle in favor of King Red. The goblins have no cavalry of their own because a warhorse is too large for a goblin to control. The goblins with their short swords cannot get close enough to strike at the mounted soldiers. A few try to slash at the legs of a horse, but most who try are trampled beneath the warhorse’s hooves. “Spears not swords is the answer,” Trak mutters to himself. Trak looks for Lord Farg, the duke’s son, but he does not see him at the head of the duke’s vanguard. He reflects it is odd that the fate of Farg has become important to him. As the goblins dissolve into the forest, King Red’s army appears unwilling to follow them and surrender the advantage their horses give them in the open meadow.
It appears the battle is over. The killing has been hard to watch, but Trak is relieved he never had to draw his sword or heft his spear. Then someone behind Trak shouts a warning. He turns to see a hundred men have circled behind the goblin king and his guard and are now charging from the rear. Half a league away, the men on the battlefield, alerted by the shouts of the attacking men, begin running to their support. The goblin king and his entourage, Trak included, are trapped between the attack from the rear and the men in the meadow.
***
There is nothing to do but stand and fight. The king’s guard turns to face the most immediate threat, the attack from the rear. The master-at-arms shouts commands, and the guard forms phalanxes to meet the charge. As the attackers close on each phalanx, something unexpected happens. The squad leaders order, “Spears to the right.” In one coordinated movement, the guardsmen raise their shields to block the charge and at the same time thrust their spears, not straight ahead, but into the flank of the man who has engaged their comrade to their right.
The tactic proves devastating. Most men are without armor and totally unprepared for the thrust. Half fall on first contact. The squad leaders then shout a second command, and the goblins break into pairs and launched coordinated attacks on the men who remain standing. The first goblin strikes, forcing his opponent to raise his sword to parry the blow. The second goblin slips under the defender’s guard and drives his spear into his unprotected side. In less than a minute, the threat from the rear is eliminated. Few attackers escape the carnage.
Trak turns his attention back to the meadow. The men are closing rapidly, but the two mounted cavalrymen who lead the charge are far in front and will arrive in seconds. The master-at-arms sees the threat and orders his guard to move in front of the king. Trak realizes the charging warhorses will reach the king first. He races in front of the king, points his spear at the chest of the lead horse and jams the butt into the ground. He leaps to the side as the horse burst through the trees, impales itself on the spear and, in a violent convulsion, throws its rider. The rider falls stunned at the king’s feet. The king draws his sword and buries the blade into the fallen rider’s neck while his son stands frozen by his side.
The second charging rider is forced to change course at the last moment to avoid hitting the dying horse that is still braying and thrashing on the ground in front of the king. As he maneuvers his horse and closes the remaining distance to strike, Trak throws himself at the king, knocking both of them to the ground. He looks up a second later to see a volley of spears flying overhead. The attacker and his horse go down heavily. Trak jumps to his feet and draws his Dragonfire sword. He towers over the king as the attacking men stampede toward him.
The killing of the horsemen is witness by both men and goblins as they race to where the king stands. They expected to see the goblin king trampled by the charging warhorse. They were startled when the largest goblin anyone has ever seen appears wearing armor and a skull-helm and brings down a warhorse with a single spear thrust. They then watch the goblin shield the king from the second attacker. The moment is a turning point in the battle. It rallies the goblin forces and sobers the charging men.
Before King Red’s men reach the edge of the forest, Duke Amin’s soldiers begin arriving. Trak recognizes Lord Farg in the front as he nimbly strikes down the first man he encounters. The king’s palace guard charges out of the forest at the same instant. King Red’s infantry is strung out over a great distance, giving the goblins an initial advantage in numbers. The king’s guard and Amin’s soldiers overwhelm the front ranks of attackers; those in the rear think better of their uncoordinated assault and withdraw as the goblin forces melt back into the forest.
***
It is then that Trak allows himself to hear the screams of the injured men and goblins lying on the battlefield. He stands listless, not noticing others who are also in various stages of shock. Lord Farg, whose right arm is soaked in blood—none of it his, directs the more functional soldiers to return to the battlefield and recover the wounded. Both sides respect a temporary truce while the wounded are carried off. Trak looks at the horse he has killed and remembers how it nearly trampled him. He stares at the man who fell at the king’s feet. It is the first time Trak has seen a man up close. He recognizes parts of himself in the human’s face and body. He remembers the rage that possessed the king as he thrust his sword into the man’s neck. Trak turns and forces himself to trail behind the royal guard as they escort the king back to his camp.
The king’s guard suffered few losses, and the mood in their camp is celebratory. Each soldier is recounting his own brush with death and boasting of his skill in battle. Trak goes to his tent and washes. Although he hasn’t gotten bloody in the fight, he is drenched in nervous perspiration. He seeks out Krage and finds him in Duke Amin’s camp dressing the wounds of the injured that lie scattered on the ground. “There you are,” he says. “I need your help.” Krage points to the handcart that holds the herbs Trak collected. “Brew me something to stop the bleeding and ease pain.” When that is done, Krage points to a soldier who is lying close by. His left forearm is shattered and the ragged bone protrudes from a bloody wound. “Set the break and splint the arm.”
Trak knows to clean the wound and remove the dirt before he attempts to align the bones. Trak is relieved when the soldier passes out from the pain; it makes his job easier. Trak packs the wound with a plaster of lard and curds, laced with a leafy, green wart called Tutsan to retard the festering.
Krage takes one look and is satisfied. He says, “Clean the wound of the fellow over there who took a cut to his right flank. I will examine him when you are done.”
Trak does not blanch at the sight of blood, but he grows pale when he examines the soldier and sees that his liver is cut nearly in half. Trak knows of no art that can heal such a horrific injury. He turns to Krage and announces, “This one’s injuries are mortal.”
Krage glances at Trak and says, “Give him a strong dose of meadow wart to ease his passing and move to the next soldier. Trak pours the painkiller gently into the goblin’s mouth and folds a piece of cloth over the wound. He moves to the next casualty, whose jaw was fractured when a sword slashed through the right side of his face. “How do I set a broken jaw?” he asks Krage.
Krage looks at him wearily and utters, “Improvise.”
Trak looks around and found a bronze dagger that has a thin silver wire wrapped around the tang to form the handgrip. Trak unwinds the wire and breaks off a short length. He crams the wire into the spaces between the two teeth on either side of the break and twists the ends to bring the two parts firmly together. He breaks off four more wire segments and scrapes each wire against a stone to sharpen its tip before jabbing the wires through the skin flaps and pulling the cheek together. Trak marvels at the soldier’s tolerance for pain.
Trak loses count of the number of wounded he tends. Most are too hurt to even notice who is treating them, but one soldier, whose scalp has been sliced open, turns away when Trak kneels down to examine his wound. He spits, “Get away from me! I’ve smelled all the human stink I care to.” Trak will remember this soldier long after he has forgotten the others.
Lord Farg walks by and watches Trak use his silver wire to close a gash in a goblin’s abdomen. The soldier is lucky. His intestines have not been perforated. If he can survive the festering that will follow, he has a chance. “You did good today, Chicken,” Farg says, and after a moment’s pause in which he inspects Trak’s handiwork, adds, “You do know there is a difference between mending a wound and repairing a pot?”
It is dark when Trak follows Krage back to the king’s camp. “Thank you,” says Krage as the Thaumaturgist enters his tent and falls asleep, his hands and clothes still caked in blood.
Trak closes his fists and feels the sticky, cracking blood between his fingers. He finds some water and begins to wash. Hogarth, the master-at-arms, approaches him and says, “The king will probably never thank you, but ‘e knows you saved ‘is life.”
“I expect no thanks from the king, but I thank you for saving mine,” says Trak, remembering how the royal guard protected the king.
“Yes. It is ironic that you were saved by a trick of your own invention,” replies the master. “I for one thank you for sharing it with me. My shame would be unbearable if I failed in my duty to protect the king. Without your new tactics, it would have cost me half the royal guard to drive off the attackers. It is too bad the enemy will soon adapt, and we will have to think of something else.”
“So many have died needlessly and many more will die from their injuries or be maimed for life,” reflects Trak.
“It is always so in war. Take consolation in knowing that the suffering of our people would have been greater if we had not stopped the enemy at our border.”
“Our people,” Trak repeats to himself. How are goblins any more his people than men? Today, Trak saw a man for the first time. He didn’t seem more brutish than a goblin. To Trak, the soldiers on both sides were nothing more than pawns in a senseless political game.
***
Across the river, King Red’s army sets up camp from what they salvage from the battlefield. The mood is somber. The soldiers believe they won the day, but at a great cost. They acknowledge that the goblins took them by surprise, but they rallied and decisively drove off the attackers. They don’t understand why the generals so grossly underestimated the strength of the goblin force or how the goblins obtained iron weapons. There is much talk of the huge skull-headed goblin that suddenly appeared on the battlefield and brought down a charging warhorse with a single blow. Already, Trak’s defense of the king is being embellished and becoming the stuff of legend.
King Red recognized Duke Amin on the battlefield and realizes that his border attack was anticipated; the goblins were waiting for him. As he feared, they were equipped with iron weapons and developed new fighting techniques for which his troops were ill prepared. Still, the attack achieved its main objective. Duke Amin has been drawn off his island and the Isle of Uisgebeatha is now vulnerable. 
The King sends messengers to the coast with orders to begin a naval assault on the island. He will capture the duke’s castle and destroy the island’s iron smelters. It gives him pleasure to think of Duke Amin and his army stranded on the mainland without a home to return to. On the whole, his investment of resources has paid off. Had King Red recognized Krage standing at the goblin king’s side, he would have accepted even greater casualties to see the sorcerer killed.
The next morning, King Red’s army vacates the border, and the goblins are able to retrieve their dead. Two hundred of Lord Lizardthroat’s troops have been killed and fifty of the Duke’s force of eight hundred. Another thirty will succumb to their wounds and never see home. The dead include three recruits that Trak trained with. The dead humans have already been removed, but Lord Lizardthroat estimates that three hundred of Red’s twelve hundred men were killed on the battlefield, including the hundred massacred by the king’s guard at the conclusion of the battle. The total is exaggerated but only modestly. More than enough was accomplished to please the goblin king; he blocked a full-scale invasion and could take credit for preventing the genocide that would have followed. He fought in the battle and bloodied his sword. Perhaps he would have killed more if Krage’s apprentice hadn’t shoved him out of the fight.
After another week of monitoring the border, supplies are depleted. King Giforing has already left with his guard for the capital. Duke Amin is preparing to withdraw and leave the defense of the border to Lord Lizardthroat when word is received the Isle of Uisgebeatha has been invaded from the sea.



The giant skull-headed goblin guards the Ard Ri.


Chapter 12


Long life is not given just because you ask for it.
Goblin Proverb

Isle of Uisgebeatha

Baron Teiber sails up the coast with six warships bearing three hundred soldiers. The warships are small, crescent-shaped galleys equipped with one mast and twenty pairs of rowers. An iron-tipped ram projects from the bow. The lead ship drops anchor a league from the Isle of Uisgebeatha’s only dock and lowers small boats into the water. Under the cover of dense fog, twenty raiders creep onto the island and kill the dock’s five defenders before they can sound an alarm. In the fog the raiders quickly move up the road toward the castle, ignoring the farms and huts they pass along the way. They find the castle gate locked. It is to the defenders’ credit they locked the yett each evening at sunset. Men with ropes attempt to scale the battlements, but their noise alerts the goblin guards who rush to the wall and begin throwing rocks down on the men below. The men are forced to retreat to a safe distance and await the arrival of the baron’s main force.
Baelock is asleep in his hut when awakened by shouts coming from the castle. From the village, he can see that humans are attacking the outer wall, attempting to scale the front gate. The goblin defenders in the battlements above are heaving rocks on the men below. He is glad he took Krage’s advice and buried his raw steel and newly minted swords. Villagers are emerging from their huts and hurrying toward the forest, carrying whatever food and clothing they can grab. Baelock collects the swords he is currently fashioning and follows the fleeing villagers.
***
Two hours later, the baron’s entire three hundred-man assault force assembles in front of the castle. He sends out patrols to scour the island for enemy soldiers and to collect food supplies. Word of the invasion has already reached the outlying villages, farms and manor houses; the patrols find little to scavenge. The baron positions a hundred men at the dock to prevent any goblin ship from landing and mounting a counterattack. Provisions are off-loaded and duty rosters established. Baron Teiber intends to billet his troops in the abandoned village. When the men complain that the hovels stink of goblin and the ceilings are too low to stand comfortably, he allows them to set up their small tents. A ship is sent back to the mainland with word of the successful taking of the island and the destruction of the iron smelters.
No iron ingots or weapons are found. The baron believes the weapons are hidden inside the castle. Within hours, all routine precautions have been taken and the siege of the castle has begun. The invaders probe the castle for weaknesses that would circumvent the need for a lengthy siege.
Duke Amin’s niece, twenty soldiers and as many servants are locked inside the castle. The defenders consider their predicament. They could surrender the castle and their lives might be spared, or they could resist and die if their defense fails. Some want to surrender, but the majority argue that they might be killed anyway and giving up the castle means surrendering the duke’s niece to an uncertain fate. They have sufficient supplies to hold out for months; surely the duke will rescue them before they starve. They are safe as long as the invaders don’t find a way to take the castle by force or stealth. Neafon Damnfury, who was left in command, listens to all the arguments and decides for the present to defend. The duke’s niece, Dorla, regrets her decision to remain in the castle when her uncle departed for the mainland. The duke wanted his niece to take refuge in the capital, but she had stubbornly refused because it might bring her in contact with her pimpled-faced betrothed.
The castle’s perimeter is too long to continuously monitor every possible point of assault with just twenty soldiers. The first serious attempt to scale the walls comes the next night. Two hundred men attack the front of the castle; they throw ladders against the main gate and endeavor to reach the battlements. While the goblin defenders concentrate on dodging arrows and toppling ladders, two men with grappling hooks climb the north wall and drop into the outer courtyard. As they struggle to raise the crossbar on the main gate, bolters on the walls spot the infiltrators and release a barrage of arrows. The castle holds, but it is clear that twenty defenders are too few and repeated attempts to breach the outer wall will eventually succeed.
Neafon orders the outer wall abandoned and the defenders to retreat inside the inner gate. High walls that cannot be easily scaled with ladders surround the keep. Five men can effectively monitor the smaller perimeter. Neafon predicts the next attack will be directed against either the inner gate or the broch. He orders cauldrons of hot oil readied for use against anyone attempting to enter the castle at either weak point. The seaward side of the castle he ignores; the cliff face is considered unsalable.
On the night of the invasion, two thousand islanders fled into the forest, too large a number to remain hidden for long. After two days of hiding, those who live farthest from the castle decide to return to their homes and take their chances. Baelock and about two hundred others remain and begin constructing a series of small camps. If one camp is discovered, they would have somewhere else to flee. Baelock seeks out Meg, and she helps the refugees gather food from the forest. They hope the invaders will be preoccupied with laying siege to the castle and will leave them alone.
The next morning, men attack the broch’s front door with axes. The door faces away from the inner wall of the castle and is hidden from view from the battlements. In a few minutes the attackers chop through the broch’s outer door. As they begin demolishing the inner door, the defenders pour hot oil through the murder holes, driving the besiegers out of the broch’s entrance.
The attackers counter by throwing dried wood into the passage and setting the wood and oil on fire. Water is poured through the murder-holes, but it is too late; the fire is intense. The attackers only have to wait for the flames to cool, and they can walk through the charred inner door of the broch. Neafon orders the back door of the broch leading to the inner courtyard barricaded. He seals four soldiers inside the broch’s circular staircase to prevent the attackers from reaching the battlements. If the roof of the broch is taken, the enemy would have the high ground; bowmen would be able to fire arrows into the castle’s inner courtyard and at the defenders on the walls.
The defenders don’t have long to prepare. The fire has not yet cooled when men scramble across the hot embers and knock down the remains of the inner door. They enter the broch and attempt to climb the staircase. The goblin defenders employ spears to keep the attackers from ascending and use the curve in the staircase to advantage. They can lunge with their right hand while the attackers climbing the stairs from below are forced by the curve of the wall to fight with their left. The goblins keep them at bay until the men build an oversized shield that fills the stairway and begin pushing their way up the stairs. The defenders batter the shield, but they cannot reach behind the shield and strike the attackers. The goblins are not heavy enough to counter the weight of the men pushing the shield. They are steadily driven back until the attackers pour out of the stairway onto the roof of the broch. The goblins stationed on the castle walls watch as the goblins are slaughtered and their bodies thrown into the courtyard below.
The battle for the castle is over. Only Neafon’s makeshift barricade against the back door of the broch stands between the castle defenders and three hundred attackers. The defenders can’t even take up a position in the courtyard without being shot at from above. The goblins are left with a poor choice—perish fighting a last ditch effort that has no chance of success or surrendering. Neafon waves a surrender flag and orders the gate opened. The baron locks his prisoners in the keep’s cellar. He wants to question them; he still has to locate the iron weapons.
Neafon is stood before the baron, who declares, “You are alive because I need to know where the duke has stashed his raw iron and weapons.”
Neafon is surprised by the question and doesn’t see how telling the truth will hurt the duke, so he replies, “Your Grace, the duke only began making iron about six months ago. As far as I know, every scrap of iron went into making the swords that his army took with them when they left for the mainland.”
Baron Teiber heard the same story from the other soldiers he questioned; one of the servants added, “The swords were made in the village by the duke’s metal smith. The smith used most of the iron he smelted but he did bury a small amount in the forest.” The servant took the baron to Baelock’s hut to view the forge and to a place at edge of the forest where a small amount of iron was unearthed. The soldiers seemed to be telling the truth. The baron dispatched another ship informing King Red that the castle had fallen and a stash of iron seized.
***
Duke Amin and the greater part of his force travel hastily to the port of Halban and camped outside the city. They find the town’s inhabitants prepared to evacuate at the first indication of an invasion from the sea. He and his son Farg go to the harbor to gather information. There is not much to be learned. Sailors arriving at the port the previous week reported seeing King Red’s warships headed north. Their destination was unknown until the crew of a fishing boat spotted five warships anchored near the Isle of Uisgebeatha’s only dock. They spotted a large force of men guarding the harbor. That was three days ago, and there has been no word from the island since.
“Do you think the castle has fallen?” Farg asks his father.
“If it hasn’t, it soon will. We didn’t leave a force strong enough to protect the castle against a large number of attackers.” Our course of action will be the same in either case. First, we recapture the island. If the castle has fallen, our second task is to lay siege,” replies the duke.
An invasion plan begins to form in the duke’s mind. “Assuming that the entire force of invaders was transported in five warships, we will be fighting about two hundred and fifty men. My entire force will be needed to regain the island. I need transport ships. By the Stones! The king will help me. I’ll send a messenger requesting transport.
Duke Amin realizes that a direct assault on the dock from the sea is foolish; it would be heavily guarded. Although the island has no beaches where a warship can land, it is possible to launch small boats from transport ships and at low tide reach one of the exposed rocky points. “My forces could then scale the cliffs and take the invaders by surprise.”
***
Trak accompanied Krage and King Giforing back to the Neu Ardonbrae. Word of the invasion of the island came the day after they returned. It was now obvious that the attack on the border had been a diversion; the island was King Red’s real objective. Trak accompanied Krage to the palace where the king was meeting with his advisors to discuss options. A few advisors thought the king should wait until the duke’s niece could be exchanged for ransom. Others said to do nothing. Perhaps the invaders had no intention of permanently occupying the island. It would be hard when winter comes to keep the island supplied from the mainland. Most felt an obligation to assist the duke since he had just aided the king in his recent border campaign and recommended sending troops. Krage pointed out that Amin had a force strong enough to retake the island, but saw a need for haste; if the invaders were reinforced from the mainland, retaking the island would become more difficult.
After spending the previous brief month in the field, Trak was sick of war but he was bound by law to serve the duke. He was prepared to take part in whatever course of action was selected. He sat thinking how the duke would weigh his options when the king turned to him and said, “Lord Dragonfire, you have been quiet. What do you have to offer?”
Trak responded cautiously as the king’s seasoned counselors waited for the inexperienced cross-breed to make a mistake. “I believe the duke has already formulated a plan to retake the island. His first objective will be to retake the dock. He knows that the enemy’s warships blockade the harbor; therefore, he cannot attack the dock from the sea. He will secretly transport his force to the far side of the island and use small boats to bring his raiding party ashore. His raiders will hide, perhaps in the forest, until the moment is right to strike. With the dock under his control, he need not fear that the enemy will reinforce its position. He can then lay siege to the castle and starve the defenders into submission. But the duke has a problem. To carry out his plan, he needs sea-worthy vessels to transport his troops. Your Majesty can expect to receive his request for naval support at any moment. If My Liege wishes to aid the duke, I recommend you offer ships.”
Trak looked into the faces of the king’s advisors and was satisfied that no one was going to find a major fault in his analysis. The suggestion seemed rational and could be accomplished with a minimum cost to the royal treasury and without the commitment of troops. The king thought for a minute and said, “Very well, I will discuss your plan with my naval commander and come to a decision.”
The next day the king dispatched a messenger to Halban by the Sea, informing the duke that three ships were coming to transport his raiding force to the island and would arrive at the end of the week. The duke was impressed with the quickness of the king’s support. He had only sent a messenger to the king two days before, and he didn’t understand how the king was able to respond so quickly.
Trak sought out Krage and informed him of his desire to sail to Halban. Krage looked up from the book he was reading and said he had no objection. “I would come myself, but the king forbids my leaving. Have you thought about how you might improve the duke’s chance of success?”
“Yes, I intend to bring a supply of black powder and digging tools.
“Do you plan to breach the castle’s wall with black powder?” Krage asked.
“No. I will worry about the castle after the dock has been seized. I have another use for the powder.”
Krage cautioned, “Transporting black powder is dangerous; it is known to detonate spontaneously. I recommend you transport the basic ingredients and mix them after you arrive on the island. Find Meg and Baelock. They will aid you.”
Trak winced at the thought that either might have been harmed in the invasion. He replied with a question, “How it is that you know the old goblin?”
“For the last forty-seven years she has been my mother,” was the only response that Krage gave. He returned to reading his book.
Trak supervised the loading of niter and brimstone onto the largest of the transporters. He could obtain charcoal, the third ingredient of black powder in Halban. The ship was a galley equipped with two masts and banks for thirty oars. It differed from the warships used by King Red in that two rowers instead of one manned each oar. The commander of the small fleet was Lord Ellot Fishbeater, an experienced seaman who had earned his rank after defeating a warship of King Red’s in the previous war. He welcomed Trak aboard. “It is an honor to have the inventor of iron aboard my ship. Your quarters are small, but that is the nature of sailing life.”
Trak had expected to sleep on the deck and was pleased to be so well received. He enjoyed passing the two-day journey exchanging stories with the commander, who seemed interested in Trak’s recent adventures. Trak learned what he could about sailing.
***
Farg meets the ships when they dock in Halban’s harbor. “My father is anxious to begin,” he announces. “The sooner we retake the island the less chance King Red will have to strengthen his position.” Farg escorts Trak and the naval commander to a nearby inn where the duke greets them. The party retires to a back room where the duke presents his plan.
Trak is pleased the plan mirrors the one he described to the king. The duke reveals the location where he wants the fleet commander to deposit his men. The landing site is far from the castle yet close to the forest. The commander considers the tides and recommends he begin transporting the force in two nights. Since it is necessary to make two trips, the first group would hide until the second group arrives. It is settled. Trak has a day to obtain charcoal, and the duke to gather small boats to serve as landing crafts. Farg begins assigning the duke’s troops to the transporters such that if one ship is captured or sunk no functional component of the army will be completely lost.
On the first night, the commander transports three hundred of the duke’s army to the back of the island. The moon provides sufficient light to navigate. The ships anchor along a remote stretch where the cliffs are steep, but according to the duke, scalable. The seas are relatively calm. All three hundred make shore safely, but two small boats are badly damaged when the swells throw the crafts against jagged rocks. The soldiers get soaked, but Trak’s pyrotechnic powders stay dry. Trak has sealed his ingredients in watertight, oiled leather bags.
The soldiers shelter in a sea cave where they can safely hide during the day. A villager might climb down the cliff to look for bird eggs or fish in the cave’s pools, but it is unlikely that any of King Red’s scouts would even know of the cave’s existence. The naval commander departs for deep waters well before dawn with the promise of returning with the remaining soldiers on the next night’s low tide. Lord Farg dispatches scouts to gauge the climb up the cliff and survey the cliff top for presence of the enemy. One scout remains above while the others return to report that the cliff top is disserted. The day goes slowly for the soldiers gathered in the cave; they eat their rations and wait until night.
***
That afternoon a small fishing boat from the mainland sails to the island, and men guarding the dock escort the two goblins aboard to the castle. The goblins are shoved before the baron. One guard speaks, “These two bring word of a goblin counterattack.”
The red-bearded baron stares at the two and demands, “Speak!”
“We have information about a plot to retake the island, but it will cost ye,” says the older of the two goblins.
“If your information is useful to me, you will be rewarded,” replies the baron as he tries not to show his distaste for informants.
“Two days ago, three royal naval vessels entered Halban’s harbor. The commander of the fleet went to an inn and met with Duke Amin for several hours. Then yesterday evening, several hundred of the duke’s men boarded the ships and sailed away. This morning, the ships returned empty. That’s it My Lord. We think the duke is back on the island and preparing to attack. We thought ye would reward us generously for the telling.”
The baron asks some questions, about the size of the ships and how many of the duke’s army remain on the mainland. Then he directs a captain to take them away and reward them. The captain leads the goblins out of the keep and into the courtyard. When the goblins step into the yard, they barely have time to see the steel blades thrust at them. This is how the baron rewards traitors.
“What do you make of their story, My Lord,” one of the captains asks the baron.
“I see no reason to think they were lying,” said the baron. “The duke is probably hiding on the island. He could be almost anywhere, but he has probably joined with the rabble hiding in the forest. Something concerns me; the informants said that only half of the duke’s force was on board the ships. I’m thinking the duke intends to ship the second half tonight and then attack with his full strength.”
A captain of one of the warships speaks up, “Your Grace, our ships could ambush the transport ships tonight when they sail out of Halban. If we cripple their ships, and keep them from reinforcing the island, you will have a smaller goblin force to deal with. With Your Grace’s approval, I will begin preparations immediately. We must arrive at Halban before the enemy sails if we are to stop them.”
Baron Teiber alerts his forces to the goblin threat. He reinforces the dock area and places scouts in key areas to warn of any attack. The baron assigns one hundred bowmen to the four remaining warships that set sail in the early afternoon. The tides and winds are favorable. They reach the mainland coast before dusk. The fleet commander fears that the goblin ships would slip past him in the night, so he positions one ship near the harbor entrance and holds the other three farther out at sea. They don’t have long to wait. Three goblin ships silhouetted by the city lights are spotted leaving the port in the early evening. The warship stationed at the harbor’s entrance signals the ships farther out that the goblins are coming.
***
The duke is in the lead ship, standing on the deck with Commander Fishbeater when the enemy ship is spotted coming at them under full sail. The naval commander turns the bow of the transporter toward the attacker, to avoid being rammed in the side by the warship’s heavily reinforced bow. The duke orders “Shields to the ready” to protect his goblins from the anticipated shower of arrows. When the volley comes, the shields block most of the missiles, but Duke Amin takes a shaft in his right calf. When the warship scrapes the side of the transporter, the impact snaps oars and shatters the ship’s starboard railing, ripping loose the sheets that secured the mainsail. Commander Fishbeater orders the crippled transport back to the safety of the harbor while the two remaining goblin ships take on the enemy galley.
The goblin vessels come along opposite sides of King Red’s warship, sending volleys across the ship’s deck. The warship is caught in crossfire and in trouble when Baron Teiber’s three remaining ships arrive. Their approach goes unnoticed until seconds before one of the goblin transport ships is struck by the bow of the lead warship. Its side cracks. The ship takes on water immediately. The floundering goblin ship is sinking fast, and the captain has no choice but to surrender. A hundred soldiers and fifty sailors are taken aboard the baron’s warships. The last goblin transporter breaks off and sails back into the harbor. At dawn three of King Red’s warships return to the Isle of Uisgebeatha with their prisoners. The fourth ship is left to block the Halban harbor and keep the remaining transport ship from escaping.
On the mainland, the naval commander storms into the inn. Duke Amin hobbles behind. Lord Ellot rages. “How did they know we were coming?”
“Look around you,” the duke gestures with his arm. “Any number of wharf rats could have observed our preparations and warned the enemy of our intentions.” The Duke regrets the loss of a hundred soldiers. He doesn’t think much of their chances of surviving captivity. “Let us retire to a back room and discuss our options.”
“How long will it take to repair the railing and sails on your transport?” the duke asks.
A day to repair the railing, but it will take several days to repair the damage to the hull.”
The duke looks desperate. “Can your undamaged transporter outrun an enemy warship?”
“In the open sea, no, but perhaps if we had a head start, we could outrace a warship between here and your island,” replies the commander. “However, when the warship does catch up, it will have the advantage of greater maneuverability. Its ram is deadly.”
The duke knows his son and three hundred men are trapped on the island. If Farg shows restraint and stealth, they might survive for weeks, but he knows his son is not patient and will attack the first chance he gets. The duke doubts Farg can win a decisive battle without reinforcements. He is also concerned about his niece and the soldiers he left to guard the castle. It is urgent he reach the island quickly. He explains his plan to the commander who reluctantly agrees.
***
On the island, Farg and his men wait for the arrival of Duke Amin and the remainder of his army. When they don’t arrive, the attack is postponed. But when a second night passes and the duke doesn’t show, Farg decides to send out a few scouts to discover what has happened. The scouts proceed to assigned locations in the cover of darkness, find a place to hide and spend the day observing. At night they are to follow a complicated route back to the sea cave and report. Trak volunteers to enter the forest and watch the castle from the trees.
Trak and five scouts climb the cliff together and then separate. Trak is left alone. It is a black night; clouds obscure the moon. Trak moves quickly into the forest. In the dark it is hard to navigate the trails. He initially passes the fork that leads to the old goblin’s cave, and is forced to backtrack. He approaches the cave warily and observes for several minutes before moving to the window and softly calling out. “Mother are you there?”
“Heck hinnie, of course I’m here, where else would I be? Is that ye, Trak?” She unties the rope that holds her door shut, and they sit together in the dark while Trak explains what is happening. She can’t provide much information regarding the enemy’s activities on the island, but she leads Trak to a forest encampment where they wake Baelock.
“Good to see ye, Lad. How came ye here?” the metal smith asks.
Trak explains quickly; he wants to hear what Baelock can tell him. Baelock begins with the night of the invasion. He describes how the villagers fled into the forest and the castle fell two days later. “So far, they have left us alone,” Baelock says. “We keep an eye on the castle so we’ll have warning if they decide to attack us. Yesterday morning, a lookout reported seeing a hundred goblin prisoners being escorted from the dock to the castle. The lookout swore they were Duke Amin’s soldiers; he knew some of them personally.”
Trak guesses that the warships captured the soldiers when they tried to sail to the island. The enemy must have learned of the invasion and intercepted the goblin ships in route, but what about the others? Are they dead? It seems prudent to assume that the duke isn’t coming. The goblins on the island are cut off and have to act alone. It is likely that the enemy has forced their captives to reveal all they know of Duke Amin’s plan to retake the island. They must now know that three hundred of Duke Amin’s soldiers are hiding on the island. They will be anticipating an attack on either the dock or the castle. Trak and Baelock spend the day observing the activity around the castle and at night return together to the sea cave.
The other scouts also make it back safely. One scout spent the day in his village on the other end of the island. From a relative who delivers supplies to the castle’s kitchen he learned that warships intercepted three goblin transports attempting to bring troops to the island, sinking one ship and disabling another.
Farg knows his soldiers are running out of food. He has to make his play. The goblin numbers are too small to win a pitched battle on open ground. To improve their chances, they have to maneuver the enemy to create an advantage. Fortunately, for the goblins, the dock is out of sight of the castle walls. If the dock is attacked, soldiers could be expected to leave the castle and reinforce those guarding the dock. Farg listens to Trak’s suggestions and then sets his plan in motion. The following evening, Trak leaves with twenty soldiers carrying his sacks of explosive ingredients. They enter the forest where Trak concocts his pyrotechnics and bags them in oiled leather bags. Two small rafts are constructed and loaded with half of Trak’s supply of pyrotechnics. Trak and five strong swimmers push the rafts out beyond the breakers and begin to paddle the rafts to the dockside of the island.
***
At about the same time Trak is pushing his rafts into the cold water of the channel, a fishing craft unties from the Halban docks and leisurely approaches the entrance to the harbor. To the captain of the warship guarding the harbor, it appears to be too small to carry more than a few enemy soldiers, and he is inclined to let it pass. But then, the craft hoist its sails and begins dashing past the blockade. The captain of the warship catches a glimpse of a military uniform. “It might be the duke himself,” thinks the captain. He orders his sailors to man the oars and give chase. Ten minutes later he is under full sail and rapidly overtaking the fishing craft as it sails north up the coast. When the boat is about to be overtaken, it ducks into a small cove where the larger ship cannot follow. The captain orders the ship’s landing craft lowered into the water and gives chase when he realizes what is happening. He has been tricked. He returns to his ship and races back to Halban where he spots the remaining goblin transport ship clearing the harbor and unfurling its sail. The race for the isle is on. The Duke’s soldiers take turns manning the oars, but the gap between the two ships slowly closes.
***
As Trak and his assault team approach the dock, they slide off their rafts and into the cold water. The night is again cloudy. Trak sees no guards on the ships, but a large, noisy force mans the barricade that blocks the road to the dock. Trak and his team maneuver their rafts behind the sterns of two ships that are anchored in deep water. Satisfied they can’t be seen from the dock, Trak forces blades between the planks of the hulls, not to make holes, but to anchor the rafts against the sides of the ships. The rafts are padded so their bumping against the hulls is muffled. When both rafts are secured, Trak uncovers a metal pot containing glowing coals. He has nursed the coals all the way from the forest. He lights one long fuse and then swims to the second raft and lights the second. Silently, the swimmers head back out to sea and drift with the current away from the dock.
Five minutes later, the first pyrotechnic ignites. It is a highly flammable mixture of niter, brimstone and plant distillates that quickly engulfs the raft in flames and ignites bags containing a mixture of sugar and niter. The smoke is so intense the sailors who respond can’t see the raft in the water. The flames spread to bags of oil that ignite and spill on the water’s surface. The sea around the ship burns. The fire spreads to the pitch that seals the planks in the hull, and flames climb the ship’s side. 
Cold and exhausted Trak climbs out of the surf onto the rocky shore. With the dawn appearing at his back, he glances at the burning ship and enters the forest. He hasn’t heard the second raft explode. He worries that the fuse has failed.
Farg’s troops are in position. Half his forces hide at the edge of forest that parallels the road leading to the castle. Farg is with the second half, positioned in the rocks on top of the cliff overlooking the dock. When Farg sees the flames lap the side of a warship and hears the alarmed voices below, he lights the fuses of the incendiaries Trak has prepared and tosses them over the cliff. These are ceramic vessels filled with black powder and metal scraps. They are not particularly lethal, but they explode with tremendous noise and release copious amounts of smoke and acrid odors. The goblins on the cliff begin to fire arrows into the smoke below. The men on the dock are kept pinned beneath their shields while the fire quickly spreads to the ship’s deck and climbs up the mast to ignite the unfurled sails.
The guards in the castle hear the explosions at the dock. They can see smoke billowing from the dock area, but they are unable to see the attackers. They inform Baron Teiber the dock appears to be on fire. The baron doesn’t know if he is besieged by the troops smuggled onto the island, an armed armada sent by the goblin king or both. If the dock falls, he would be trapped on the island. He commits all but fifty of his troops to the battle. The troops form up quickly and jog toward the dock. When they arrive, they find one ship engulfed in flames and the dock’s defenders huddled under their shields. The baron looks up and realizes that the goblins are on the cliff above. He orders his men to attack the top of the cliff, which requires them to retrace their path to where the slope is scalable.
As the men climb the slope, the goblins above begin firing. Their shields protect the attacking men until goblins secluded in the forest commence firing at their backs. The Baron’s men are trapped in crossfire. Some men try to return to the road and attack the goblins firing from the forest, while others continue up the hill. The men are disorganized and outnumbered. The baron sees the danger of his predicament and orders a retreat back to the castle. A hundred make it back while pursuing goblins cut down from behind a third of his force.
Despite the burning ship and the dense smoke, the dock remains heavily defended and is in no danger of being overrun. A direct assault on the barricade the men have erected across the road would be very costly. It appears the goblins will have to settle for a partial victory, when the second raft explodes and immediately engulfs a second warship in flames. The force of the explosion is felt by the goblins as far away as the top of the cliff. They can only watch. They have expended all their explosives and arrows. They cannot prevent the men from forming bucket brigades. The men determinedly fight the fire, but the oil and distillates in the water continue to burn and cannot be extinguished. Farg remains on the cliff watching the men fight the fire while his soldiers recover what arrows they can and prepare for a possible assault on the dock. At that point Trak climbs the hill and comes to Farg’s side. Trak is still wet from his swim. “Chicken, you are wet,” Farg laughs.
“Next time, I’ll let you do the swimming.” It is clear to Trak that the enemy will lose two warships, but the dock will hold unless Farg decides to sacrifice his force in a frontal assault. “I’d say your plan has succeeded well enough with few casualties, perhaps you don’t want to push your luck. We don’t need the dock. Your father can land reinforcements the same way we arrived.
“Yes, but as long as the enemy holds the dock he can reinforce his position. How do we know they are not on their way as we speak?” The thought causes Farg to look toward the horizon. He exclaims excitedly. “Look! Is that what I think it is?” Trak peers out on the channel and sees two ships racing toward the dock, a goblin transport and an enemy war galley.
***
The duke’s plan to get past the enemy’s blockade worked well at first, but now his rowers are tiring and the warship is overtaking. “We will never make it to the far side of the island,” observes Lord Ellot, the naval commander. “We will have to make for the nearest shore.” As they scan the island for a likely landing spot, they see smoke rising from the dock area. “The dock is under attack,” announces the duke excitedly. “If my son is attacking from the land, we can greatly increase his chances by adding our strength from the sea.”
The captain of the pursuing warship sees the smoke at the same time and assumes that a coordinated attack on the dock has been the duke’s plan all along. Now that he knows the duke’s intended destination, he doesn’t have to chase the transport ship, but can set a course for the dock and cut off the goblin ship before it arrives. The gap between the ships closes as they approach the breakers. When Commander Fishbeater indicates it is time to raise oars and make a controlled entry into the harbor, the duke yells, “To hell with that. Avoid the two burning ships and ram your bow into the ship anchored closest to the dock. Drive it as hard as you can into the pier and the wharf beyond.”
The goblin transporter puts on a burst of speed and is carried by a large wave toward the dock. It strikes the resting warship with its full weight. The smaller ship’s front end lifts out of the water and crashes heavily onto the pier. The momentum of the transporter doesn’t stop. The ship smashes through the wharf’s pylons, collapsing the boardwalk and sending the defenders into the water. Farg watches mesmerized from the cliff. “Excuse me for disturbing your reverie, Lord Farg, but wouldn’t now be a good time to order an attack?” Trak quips with a grin.
Farg races down the hill shouting, “Attack! Attack!” The goblins in the forest join those on the hill, and swarm over the barricade in the road. The defenders are in total disarray. Many have to be pulled from the water or they would drown. Several are burned as they climbed out of the flaming oil. Some of the goblins are also injured in the collision, but most are able to scramble out of the wrecked vessel and help corral the surrendering men. The warship in pursuit of the transporter is forced to sit offshore. It lacks sufficient landing craft to give aid.
When the baron’s men are disarmed, a soldier reports to Farg they have taken seventy-five prisoners. Another fifty were killed in the fighting or in the collision. The victory is overwhelming. Of the three hundred men the baron brought to the island only a hundred and fifty combatants remain and they are trapped in the castle surrounded by four hundred goblins.
Duke Amin stands leaning on his spear as Commander Fishbeater inspects the total wreckage of his transport. “What am I going to tell King Giforing, now I’ve lost two of his ships?” the commander moans.
“You have a choice,” philosophizes the duke. “You can tell him I forcibly seized control and ordered you to wreck the ship or you can tell the king it was your idea. In the first scenario the king will be furious with me and in the second with you. Whoever takes the blame may lose his head, but he’ll be remembered for the most daring stunt in goblin naval history.”
Commander Fishbeater considers for a moment. “I will tell the king that we shared the idea and the blame. Perhaps he will be more forgiving when we point out that we destroyed three warships.”
Duke Amin turns to Trak, “Where would you like to set up your hospital?” Trak realizes that without Krage, he is all the medical team they have. He has the wounded assembled along the road, goblins on one side and the men on the other. Most of the injured are men.
The baron sends a messenger under a flag of truce asking that he might recover his dead. The duke grants the request. Trak also sends the most seriously wounded back to the castle in litters. Farg thinks they should be left to die, but Trak convinces him it is better to give the men in the castle the problem of caring for them. Some goblin women emerge from the forest and set about bandaging the injured goblins. They want nothing to do with the men. The old Spore arrives with pots and boxes of herbs. She starts brewing her concoctions while Trak attends to those with the most serious injuries.
One man sustained burns and shrapnel wounds to his right side when an exploding ceramic bomb was thrown in his direction. He studies Trak’s face as the cross-breed removes numerous metal fragments embedded in his flank and says in the common tongue, “I’ve never met a cross-breed fighting on the side of the goblins. How do you cope with their blind hatred of men?”
The man’s question seems sincere, and Trak answers, “I believe I inherited the best parts of both races, though my uniqueness is rarely appreciated by goblins and probably not by men either.”
“Where I come from it is not unusual for cross-breeds to achieve positions of some importance. Here in the goblin kingdom it must be hard for you to find a mate,” the soldier observes.
“I have met only one female cross-breed in my life and that relationship didn’t work out,” Trak replies as he wonders what has become of Myrel.
“I heard the guards saying you are the sorcerer who set fire to the ships and made the bomb that pumped my arse full of metal.”
“I served briefly as an apprentice alchemist and learned a few tricks. I used alchemy and not magic to make the bombs.”
“In my world, we make no distinction between alchemy and magic. Did the sorcerer Krage train you?”
Trak hesitates too long before he answers, “Who is Krage?” He realizes immediately he has made a mistake. If a man from the south knows of Krage then surely a goblin alchemist would also. Trak’s brain finally awakens to the realization that he is not having a benign conversation.
“That fellow over there led the attack.” The man gestures toward Farg. “He is a born warrior but not by nature devious. Someone helped him plan the attack. Were you that someone?”
“I am just a metal smith in the duke’s service,” replies Trak, thinking he has chosen a safe reply.
“Then you must have helped Krage build the kilns to make iron. I was sorry when I had them destroyed, the design was very original.”
Trak realizes that his verbal opponent is getting the better of him. He notices that underneath the muddy uniform the tall, red-bearded soldier wears a fine mail, marking him as an officer. “How are the prisoners in the castle fairing?” Trak asks.
“The commander has them all stuffed in the keep’s cellar. I’m afraid sanitation is poor, but they are well at the moment.”
“Your commander has thrown the duke’s niece in the cellar with a hundred soldiers and sailors?” Trak replies.
“So, that’s who the girl is. I can’t say what the commander has done with her.”
He knows perfectly well who she is, thinks Trak. He is just trying to rattle me into believing I have given him new information. “What happened to the traitors who informed your commander of our presence?”
“Hard to say, I guess they went back to wherever they came from.”
“Take this bucket of water; wash your cuts and burns as best you can. Cover the burns with an astringent made from meadow wart. I’ll send some over.”
As Trak finishes, the tall officer says, “Thank you, Sorcerer. My name is Ran. If we survive this war, pay me a visit when you are in the south.” It is the first time that Trak considers his future might lie beyond the borders of the goblin kingdom.
When Trak moves on, the soldier next to Ran whispers, “Be careful, My Lord; if the squids discover who you are, it will put your father in a difficult position. Did you notice the sword he carries?”
“Aye,” Ran replies, “I’ve never seen the like of it anywhere. The metal flickers like sunlight piercing ice. It seems almost self-aware. He is more of a sorcerer than he admits.”
***
As Trak aids the next wounded soldier, he mulls over his conversation with the red-haired officer. He learned a little but revealed more than he should have. Fortunately, the man is a prisoner and in no position to use the information against him.


Chapter 13

Isle of Uisgebeatha:

A prison stockade is built against the cliff by the harbor where an overhang creates a shallow cave and provides some protection from rain. The prisoners are forced to haul planks from the destroyed wharf to build a barricade in front of the cave. The captives are allowed to salvage blankets and cooking pots from their camp beside the dock and use them in the enclosure.
The villagers return to their homes to find the island’s food stores severely depleted by Baron Teiber’s forces. The spring crops have been planted before the invasion, but the harvest is still weeks away. Duke Amin asks Baelock to direct the villagers to forage in the forest. Others are tasked to fish.
By the afternoon it is clear to duke he is stuck with several annoying problems. His soldiers have no permanent shelter, although they can temporarily house themselves in the village. He has a large number of prisoners to guard, feed and shelter. There is still a warship sitting offshore that will make it difficult to reestablish routine contact with the mainland and bring in supplies. The castle is controlled by more than a hundred enemy troops who hold a hundred of his men and his niece captive. The enemy can sleep in “his” castle and eat “his” food for weeks while waiting for King Red to send reinforcements. He has to do something to shift the balance in his favor.
The duke meets with his advisors. “As it stands right now, we are in a stalemate. I don’t doubt that we can eventually starve the enemy out of the castle, but my niece and soldiers are inside and might not survive a long siege. We could offer the enemy an exchange of prisoners and free passage off the island, but I doubt they would accept the offer. They will not surrender the castle while they still have hope King Red will send troops and rescue them. What options do we have?”
Commander Fishbeater suggests that he leave the island and return to Neu Ardonbrae. “The king needs to be informed of your accomplishments and current situation.” It is agreed the commander would be taken to the far side of the island from where he could sail in a fishing skiff back to Halban and retrieve his damaged transporter.
Farg wants to take the castle by force. He believes he can construct siege towers and breech the battlements with a minimum of casualties. The duke reminds him that once he is on the battlements he will face a hundred swords, and there is no guarantee the hostages would not be harmed.
Trak reasons the duke’s niece is the only hostage of importance. She is promised to the king’s son. “My Lord, if I can smuggle your niece out of the castle, would you be more willing to attack?”
The duke considers his options for a moment and replies, “The commander of the enemy force does not seem unreasonable. To this point, he has spared the hostages and probably intends to use them as bargaining chips. He will probably not slaughter them if we attack. Lord Farg will begin constructing his siege towers. I don’t know how you expect to smuggle my niece out of the castle, but you have two days to try before the towers are ready.”
Trak requests the duke’s sapper unit report to him for instructions. Trak knows somewhere in the cliff face there is a tunnel leading to the underground passage he discovered in the broch’s cellar. He is pleased that Tumorg is still the sapper unit’s sergeant. He briefs Tumorg on his plan and stresses the need for secrecy. It is not good too many people know about a hidden passage into the castle.
The sapper unit waits until low tide before descending the cliff at a point just out of sight of the castle battlements. They stay against the cliff face and are not seen from the castle as they worked their way along the rocky coast. They spend the morning exploring, looking for a tunnel. They spot a small cave halfway up the cliff but cannot find a route to the cave’s mouth. Tumorg observes that fifty feet above the cave there is a ledge. If he can reach the ledge, he can rappel into the opening. An hour later, Tumorg swings back and forth at the end of a rope before dropping into the cave’s entrance.
Trak waits anxiously while Tumorg explores the cave. He forgot to provide the sergeant with a light, and is afraid Tumorg might miss a side tunnel hidden in the dark. When Tumorg emerges he signals found something. He rappels to the level where Trak is waiting.
“The cave narrows. and at its back I found a tunnel. I followed it for fifty strides until a wall blocked me. It was dark, but when I ran my hand over the wall, I could feel the gritty bands of mortar that hold the stones together.”
Tumorg sends a sapper back up to the cave with a rope ladder that he secures to a boulder. The team shimmies up the ladder and uses the rope to bring up lanterns and digging tools. The sappers are trained to dig in near silence, and Trak feels certain the digging can’t be heard in the castle. They concentrate on the mortar, scraping around the edges of a large block. The first block is the hardest. When it is gone the next is easier. Once several blocks have been removed, it is possible to drive a chisel into the mortar and by applying side pressure pop a stone loose.
When the hole is large enough, Trak climbs through and is greeted by dank, stale air rushing out of the tunnel. The passage is as he remembers. He checks the hidden entrance to the broch. When he attempts to open the door, he feels the resistance of the junk he piled against the door to hide it. He hears no voices inside.
Trak turns and follows the passage under the inner courtyard and into the keep. Voices are coming from the banquet hall above. He stealthy ascends the stairs and squats behind the wainscot. Through the cracks, he sees the hall has been converted into a dormitory for troops. Men are playing cards at the banquet table and others sleep rolled up in blankets along the walls.
When Trak exits the tunnel, the sappers have finished clearing away the masonry. A goblin carrying a sword and shield can now easily walk through the opening. Trak smiles at the sappers and says, “Well done. When we strike tonight, the men inside will think that an army of goblins from the Underworld has been unleashed upon them.” He orders his sappers back to the village. The last man out of the cave pulls the ladder up and rappels down the cliff.
***
To execute his plan Trak needs Farg’s intimate knowledge of the castle. Farg listens excitedly as Trak describes the passage leading to a space behind the wainscot. Farg grasps the possibilities in an instant. “By the Stones! We enter the keep during the night, cut through the wainscot, find Dorla and smuggle her out of the castle. Then, we unleash a horde to take the castle from within while the enemy force is on the walls defending against an attack by my siege engines.”
One hundred goblins armed with swords jook behind Trak and Farg as they clamber along the rocky shore until they stand beneath the sea cave. The force climbs the ladder and waits at the entrance of the tunnel as five soldiers accompany Farg and Trak into the passage leading to the keep. It is two hours before dawn. The hall is dark and the men are asleep. The goblins wait until it is time for the siege engines to begin moving toward the castle. When the alarm is given that the castle is under attack, the soldiers rush out of the hall to man the battlements.
With a hammer and chisel Trak quickly splinters the wainscot. Trak and Farg squeeze through the tight opening. The five soldiers that accompanied them are left to guard the exit and insure the escape route remains open.
Farg goes first, guiding Trak to the chamber usually occupied by the duke’s niece. They encounter no guards as they creep down the main hall and up the staircase to the Dorla’s chamber. They listen quietly at the door and hear nothing. Farg finds the door unlocked and enters. The room is empty. Trak thinks, What now?
Farg directs Trak up another stone staircase that spirals its way to the top of a tower. A guard sits on a bench dosing against the wall in front of a closed door. Trak is considering how to restrain the guard when Farg pulls his knife and slits the man’s throat. The duke’s son removes a key from the man’s belt, opens the door, enters the room and wakes Dorla. She seems no worse for her captivity. When Trak sticks his head in the room, the niece looks startled, but then recognizes the face. “The kitchen boy! What is he doing here?”
“I’ll explain later,” Farg responds. When they arrive back at the banquet hall, Trak guides Dorla through the hole in the wainscot. Farg stays behind. As Trak and the niece emerge from the tunnel, a hundred armed goblins race into the passage.
Trak assures Dorla the duke is most anxious for her safety. He is to deliver her to the duke’s side immediately. He sees her rubbing the sole of a foot. “I think I cut my foot on the rocks,” she moans. She wears no shoes. In fact, all she wears is the thin gown she sleeps in. Trak flushes, looks away and focuses on the task at hand.
How stupid of me not to remember shoes, Trak berates himself. “There is no way she can walk over the rocky coast. He realizes he will have to carry her. He hands her the rope that dangles over the ledge where they stand. “Climb down the ladder. I will follow. She looks over the ledge at the sea striking the rocks below. “Do what?” she asks. “Gobshite,” Trak says to himself, “why did I forget that she would lack climbing skills?”
“If you hold on to my back I will, with your permission, carry you down the cliff’s face,” Trak offers. Without comment Dorla climbs onto Trak’s back and wraps her legs tightly about him. Trak holds the rope and moves to the edge. He steps cautiously so as not to frighten Dorla or lose his balance. With every step, he is aware of the girl’s near-naked body against his. This is no time to get aroused, he reminds himself. Still, he is glad that they are alone and no one witnesses his predicament.
At the bottom of the cliff, Trak lifts the niece in his arms and begins moving over rocks. On top of the cliff the battle is already raging, but on the rocky beach below, Trak hears only the sound of the sea hitting the shore. Trak scampers through the dark as quickly as he dares. He stumbles once when he slips on seaweed and tightens his grip, pulling Dorla tighter to his body. He looks down and finds her eyes focused on his face. This is embarrassing, he thinks. The girl probably believes I deliberately forgot her shoes. When they arrive at the spot where they would ascend the cliff, Trak sets Dorla on the ground to rest a minute. He points at the steep cliff that they have to climb. Without a rope to grasp, Trak doesn’t see how he can safely carry her up the face. She will need to make the ascent on her own.
Dorla looks up at the cliff and recognizes Trak’s dilemma. “It appears I must climb.” She tears the hem from her gown and ties strips of cloth around the soles of her feet. “I’ll go first; catch me when I fall,” she laughs. Trak is pleased by her spirited response. She does not seem like the spoiled child he dealt with as a kitchen boy. He stays below her and offers a hand as a foothold as they ascend the cliff’s face.
By the time they reached the top, the sun is rising. In the distance there is smoke coming from the siege towers in front of the castle. Trak hoists Dorla onto his back and proceeds cautiously into the forest. The old goblin seems surprised when Trak deposits the nearly naked girl at her front door. Without as much as a greeting or an introduction, Trak promises to return and heads for the castle to assess the outcome of the battle. He wants to get away before the old mother can ask why he is carrying a half-naked girl on his back.
***
The defenders on the battlements spot the siege engines silhouetted against the breaking dawn and hear their squeaking wheels as they are pushed up the slope towards the castle. Tension on the battlements grows as the engines move closer. The baron orders flaming arrows shot into the planks that cover the fronts of the towers and protect the goblins pushing from behind. As the engines near the wall, buckets of oil are thrown onto the flames and within seconds the fronts of the towers are infernos. A goblin drenched in the oil ignites, jumps from a tower and runs screaming into the night. When the towers reach the wall, Duke Amin unleashes his troops. They spring out of the darkness and begin throwing ladders against the castle walls.
At the same moment, the goblins, hiding inside the keep burst into the banquet hall. The first twenty scurry through the keep looking for any troops remaining in the building. They dispatch the two soldiers that guard the cellar door and free more than a hundred captives. They arm the released prisoners with swords Baelock has hidden in the forest. The captives and liberators cascade out the keep’s main door and down the steps into the inner courtyard. They pass through the inner gate and charge the stairs leading to the battlements. The bowmen on the walls turn to see two hundred squealing, black-eyed goblins springing toward them. They fire a devastating barrage of arrows at the yellow demons and force them to retreat back to the inner courtyard.
None of the goblins come within striking distance of the men on the battlements, but the attack accomplishes its purpose. In the thirty seconds that the attention of the bowmen is concentrated on the goblins attacking from inside the castle, the attackers outside climb their ladders and the gangplanks atop the siege towers drop onto the battlements. Goblins leap through the flames to engage the baron’s troops. The defenders discard their bows and draw their swords. The goblins in the inner courtyard reengage the fight. The men hold only because the walkways on the battlements are too narrow to allow the entire goblin force to overwhelm the men. Gradually, the number of defenders shrinks and the supply of goblins waiting to join the fight grows. The men become desperate. The baron leads a charge that pushes several goblins off the battlements onto the cobblestones below. The surviving men break through the goblin ranks, hack their way across the outer courtyard and take refuge inside the broch.
***
Before the siege towers have stopped burning, the goblins control the castle, but the drama is not yet over. Lord Ran and the men held in the makeshift prison camp have not been idle. Only ten goblins have been left to guard the prisoners. When the battle for the castle commences, the men in the prison rush the barricade that encircles them and begin climbing. The goblin guards yell for help, but none arrive. They thrust their spears at the men as they swarm up the wall. Some men are stabbed, but the goblins cannot easily get their spears through the thick web of planks and debris that form the enclosure. Most of the men successfully reach the top of the wall from where they leap at the guards and overpower them with rocks, sticks and even pots and pans.
The escapees strip the fallen guards of their weapons and move up the road to where they can glimpse the battle. Lord Ran realizes that somehow the goblins have gotten inside the castle and Baron Teiber is being overrun. To join the fight at this point seems suicidal. Lord Ran spots Duke Amin standing on a hill observing the battle. The duke’s party is already celebrating their impending victory when Ran’s men surround them and take them prisoner. Goblins on the walls of the castle report to Lord Farg the duke has been captured.
Before the sun clears the horizon, one stalemate is broken and another taken its place. Farg knows he can readily take the broch where the baron and his remaining forces are held up, but if he harms the baron he risks harm to his father. And there is the problem of the niece. Where are Trak and his cousin? Were they hiding or prisoners along with the Duke Amin?
Baron Teiber, sequestered in the broch, doesn’t know Ran has escaped and captured Duke Amin. So of course, he can’t understand why the goblins have not already attacked the broch. True, the baron isn’t a hostage yet, but his position is so tenuous that he is for all purposes a captive. He controls the battlements on top of the broch’s roof, but he can’t profit by the advantage because his men have expended all their arrows. He has sealed the entrances to the broch with everything they can be pile in the passageways, but the goblins can easily set a fire and open the entrances anytime they want. He is cut off from food and water.
Farg considers fighting Ran’s forces in the open. He thinks of the tunnel. If it can be used to get into the castle undetected, he could use it to get out. He could sneak goblins out of the castle and take Ran by surprise. Such a strategy would likely succeed, but there is no guarantee that Duke Amin would not be harmed in retaliation. Farg checks his food stores; the men and their goblin prisoners have severely reduced the food supplies. His forces could last a few weeks but not longer.
While both sides ponder their predicament, eight warships carrying four hundred men arrive at what remains of the dock. Tunnel or no tunnel, Farg has to abandon any hope of defeating such a large force in an open battle. King Red’s forces once again control the island; they have sufficient strength to assault the castle that is now defended by four hundred goblins, but Ran hesitates. He has no idea of the fate of his father whom he hopes is alive and held prisoner in the castle.
***
Trak laughs out loud as he observes the warships and four hundred additional enemy soldiers arriving on the island. He finds the complete reversal of the fortunes of the combatants a laughable irony. In just one morning, the goblins and men have changed places. One side has lost the harbor and gained the castle and the other side has won the harbor but lost the castle. Both sides have lost prisoners but gained new hostages. He is beginning to understand why wars can drag on interminably, even for generations. No one ever wins. Each battle only festers more hate and desire for revenge. The life of a warrior makes no sense. “Better a worker than a soldier termite,” Trak admits to himself.
It is apparent to Trak that neither the men nor the goblins can achieve victory without sustaining unacceptable loses. The enemy must feel the same way because Lord Ran is walking toward the castle bearing a flag of truce. From where he hides in the forest, Trak sees he has a clear path to the castle. While truce flag is flying, Trak boldly sprints out of the forest toward the front of the castle where Farg is preparing to meet Lord Ran. He arrives before Ran and assures Farg that Dorla is safely hidden in the forest. He warns Farg about the cleverness of his opponent. He suspects that Ran’s real purpose is to gather information while pretending to talk of a ceasefire. Farg has the good sense to say to Trak, “Stop me before I say anything stupid.”
“Greetings to you, Lord Farg, and to you, Lord Sorcerer. It certainly has been an eventful morning.”
“And who might you be?” asks Farg.
“My name is Ran, I am the senior officer.” Trak notes that the tall red haired commander must be of particularly high rank since he is speaking not just for his own men but also for the four hundred that have newly arrived. “I must congratulate you on how you were able to take the castle with such a small force.”
“Lord Ran, do you bring a proposal for ending this conflict?” interrupts Trak.
“Actually, my proposal depends on what you are willing to offer. I will agree to hand over the duke and his officers, if you release all your prisoners.”
“Why would I want to increase the size of your fighting force by releasing your men?” replies Farg. “Any prisoner exchange must be contingent on your forces leaving the island. You might as well depart. We are prepared to outlast any siege you may impose. I am all too aware of how little food there is on this island to feed your army.”
“Yes, and remember,” Ran counters. “I have been in your castle cellars and have seen your food supplies. I know exactly how many weeks you can hold out before your last sack of barley is exhausted. I expect King Red can keep me supplied indefinitely.”
“Your attack on this island will force the goblin king to take action. If a few hundred goblins recaptured this island once, a few thousand can surely do so again,” retorts Farg.
“I see your sorcerer smiling,” Ran observes. “Lord Sorcerer, do you have some magic trick that will save you once again?”
“Trak breaks the monotony of the back and forth posturing by saying, “If it were to either side’s advantage to continue fighting, we wouldn’t be standing here talking. Lord Ran, what do you need to gain before you are willing to quit this island? You have already destroyed the forges and humiliated Duke Amin by occupying his castle; isn’t that enough to satisfy you and your king?”
“You speak plainly, Lord Sorcerer. Let me also be to the point. My king feels greatly humiliated by what the sorcerer Krage did to him twenty years ago. He seeks some measure of revenge.”
“Yes, well Krage isn’t here to answer for his deeds,” says Farg.
“Krage is not here, but his son is. I think the son would serve nicely in Krage’s absence.”
Trak doesn’t know what Lord Ran is talking about, but Farg does. “You propose a hard bargain. What guarantee of safety do you offer the son?”
“I could promise you whatever you want to hear, but in the end the decision is King Red’s. For what it is worth, I believe Red will treat the son fairly and seek to exchange the son for his queen, but I can give no guarantee.”
“We will retire to the castle to consider your offer.” As Trak follows Farg back through the castle gate, he recalls that Krage claimed the old goblin as his mother. Trak muses; did Krage have his whole family with him on the island? His son can’t be Baelock, they are too near the same age; it must be someone I have never met.”
When Farg and Trak sit down in the banquet hall, Farg turns to Trak and says, “I wish I had Krage and my father here to help us make this decision, but since they are not, it is up to you and me. As much as I would like to free my father, I think Krage would never forgive me if I turned you over to King Red. I don’t see any choice but to stay held up in this castle and hope that the King Giforing sends help. Can you suggest another course of action?”
“What are you talking about?” utters Trak, flummoxed. “Why are you talking about turning me over to Lord Ran?”
“Why? You heard what Lord Ran wants, and I’m asking you for your analysis,” Farg answers impatiently. Then it hit him, Gobshite! Chicken doesn’t know! “What has Krage told you about your parents?”
“Nothing,” replies the cross-breed perplexed by the change in subject. “I only know what Baelock told me. My parents were killed in the last war.”
Farg knows that it is Krage’s place, and not his, to tell Trak the truth, but Krage isn’t here. “Listen Chicken, I am sorry you have to hear it from me, but I have a decision to make and I need your help. Your father is Krage and your mother is Meriem, King Red’s queen. You will be the 60th Thaumaturgist of the Septantrak.” There, he said it. He carried the secret ever since his father, Duke Amin, had divulged the information on the night before he left to escort Krage to the capital. He remembered how hard it was for him to believe that it was Trak and not Krage who was the prize that needed protecting at all costs. He was, after all, the next Thaumaturgist and the legal heir to King Red’s kingdom.
Trak doesn’t take the news well. At first he thinks it a prank, some sick joke that Farg is playing. “It makes no sense. If I am Krage’s son, why was I treated like an orphan and raised by Baelock? Why did Krage totally ignored me my entire life?”
“Surely, you have heard the story of how Krage ran off with King Red’s queen and left the king so angry and humiliated that he started a war to get her back. The nobles in the capital turned against Krage for the pain and suffering his foolish action caused the kingdom. Only the king stood by him; he was, after all, the Thaumaturgist.” Trak is perhaps the only individual in two kingdoms that has not heard the story.
“Krage left the capital for your safety, not his. He thought he could hide you on this island and prepare you to take his place. He brought Baelock with him to raise you and give you a skill. He brought his own mother here to teach you and give you the affection he could not. He arranged for you to work in the broch so you could learn what you needed to rise above these rustic surroundings. He was aware the fewer who knew the secret of your parentage, the better your chance of survival.”
The truth is a bitterly hard for Trak. It pains him to imagine how different his childhood could have been, how much emotionally richer it should have been. On one level he understood the need for secrecy, but to keep the truth, even from him, is unacceptable. Trak thinks, why hasn’t Krage told me the truth? Does he think I am so unreliable that I can’t be trusted? The only explanation is that Krage is mainly interested in protecting himself.
“How stupid I have been. Why didn’t I see the truth when others could easily see it?” Trak laments in silence. He remembers Grenab who helped him in the Western Pass and realizes that Grenab recognized him immediately and that is why he befriended him. Humock, the captain of the city guard knew. Even King Giforing knew. Lord Lizardthroat guessed the truth and sent henchmen to kill him. Alrik and the temple workers knew. Even Lord Ran, a human and a total stranger, recognized him on sight.” Trak thought himself clever, but the proof was overwhelming he was a fool and the only one deceived by Krage’s deception. “How could a father do this to his son?”
The choice of returning to Neu Ardonbrae to be laughed at by all those who had deceived him is intolerable. Trak doesn’t want to live in the capital where he will be treated as an object of curiosity. He looks at Farg and says, “I’m ready to go with Lord Ran.”
***
Farg sends word to Ran that they have an agreement and invites Lord Ran to the castle to collect the men barricaded in the broch. He is surprised when Ran comes alone. There is obvious surprise in Baron Teiber’s voice when Lord Ran calls to him and says to come out. After he convinces the baron that it is no trap, it takes the baron’s men several moments to clear the exit of the debris. As the men walk out carrying their weapons, Duke Amin hobbles freely into the courtyard accompanied by his officers. “How did you manage to convince Lord Ran to exchange prisoners?” the duke asks his son.
“I gave him something he wanted,” Farg replies. When the duke hears the details, he is uncertain if Farg has acted wisely. Farg assures the duke that Trak has, after all, volunteered and even seems eager to go. By the time the baron sails on the next tide, Duke Amin is comfortable with Trak’s decision and is preoccupied with repairs to his castle and dock.
As Trak boards the warship, he understands he acted hastily, but he remains committed to his decision. He is not particularly angry with his grandmother or Baelock; both were under orders from Krage to maintain the deception. He regrets, once again, not saying good-bye to his grandmother. He would like to say, “Thank you, Grandmother, for the happy moments we shared.” He wants to ask her where her ancestors sleep so he can find them if he doesn’t survive his captivity.
Trak’s frustration is all directed at Krage. His resentment grows the more he considers the matter. “Krage should have told me the truth before he put me in situations where more than once I was almost killed.” He is glad to be leaving the goblin kingdom. “Except for Baelock and his grandmother, no one in the goblin kingdom cares if I leave; few will even know I’ve gone.” He doesn’t know what the future holds. It is unlikely that King Red will warmly welcome him. He doesn’t know if he will even be alive in a few days, but he knows he isn’t coming back to the goblin kingdom. They can find themselves a new 60th Thaumaturgist.


Chapter 14

Rich or poor, you will become like me.
Words inscribed on a tombstone

City of Neu Ardonbrae

The voice in her head said “Use the key.” Did the voice mean the key hidden with the map in the sarcophagus? What good will that do her? There is no keyhole in the door she needs to open. Or is there? Could a keyhole be hidden in the frame that supports the door or even in the wall? In the dark she runs her hand along the heavy wooden frame. Her fingers find a hole. It could be a keyhole, she thinks. Using the blue glow emitting from her fingertips, she locates the sarcophagus and retrieves the key. To her amazement, when she inserts the key in the hidden hole, she feels it engage a tumbler and release the lock. She is free of the catacombs.
Myrel is puzzled by what has happened. A voice spoke to her. Some one helped her? Someone placed the map and key in the sarcophagus before she entered the catacombs nearly a fortnight ago. How could they know she would find the hidden objects? Had her instructors placed them in the sarcophagus as a part of her test?
She decides not to jump to conclusions. When she guesses it is past midnight, she emerges from the catacombs and travels through the empty corridors to a kitchen where she gathers enough food, water and lamp oil to last a week. Before dawn, she is back in the catacombs sitting against the locked door. She lights her clock-lamp and waits to see what will happen. About noon each day she knocks on the door and asks to be released. On the fourth day an instructor finally responds. The cleric seems surprised to find Myrel calmly smiling. Had they expected to find me half starved or crazed with fear? Myrel wonders.
When Myrel is released from the catacombs, she is given the morning to enjoy a leisurely bath, a change of clothes and a hot meal. Her instructors don’t ask about her experience, and Myrel doesn’t offer any details or ask any questions. In the afternoon at a quiet table in the library, she opens a book and pretends to be taking notes as she reproduces from memory the map in the sarcophagus. She hides it behind a heavy bookcase.
***
In the late afternoon, Myrel is escorted in to an office and offered a chair. The instructors begin briefing her on her next test. The cross-breed notices two lamps on a table—the first is her clock-lamp and the other is the lamp she borrowed from her father’s apartment. Perhaps the lamps were removed to return the catacombs to their original configuration, but Myrel worries a suspicious person would question how her father’s lamp found its way into the catacombs. Myrel has no idea how much of her activities of the last two weeks have been observed by her instructors. They offer no explanation for why they left her in the dark to starve. Myrel keeps her questions about the map and key to herself.
“Charity,” begins one of the instructors, “is important in the work of the temple, and every Initiate must embrace it. You are assigned to work in the city’s prisons. You will be given a room in which to sleep. During the day, you will administer to the needs of the prisoners. You may ask the prison warden for anything you might need or for answers to questions you may have. Let me warn you, your life is about to change in ways you can’t imagine. The emotional and physical stresses you will endure will be extreme. You will work with both good and evil people. You will learn to serve both those you love and those you detest. Your trial ends when you demonstrate that you care for others. Be cautious, occasionally this trial ends tragically; some have even died. If you want to back out, you must say so now.”
To Myrel this sounds like a meaningful experience—more than just sitting around in the catacombs. Her opinion of the Initiate’s Trial elevates a notch. This is an experience with real consequences. She replies to the instructor, “Everything in life has been handed to me. I must learn to rely on myself. Surely, this experience is what I need.”
An instructor escorts her to the prison. It is Myrel’s first trip into the city. Her head swings back and forth as she tries to take in everything—shops bustling with noisy customers, smells coming from bakeries and steaming off the filth in the street, craftsmen pushing carts, vendors hocking their wares, soldiers pushing their way through the crowd. Myrel sucks in the sights, trying to fill the vacuum left by her cloistered temple existence. She stares and the people on the street stare back, gawking at the tall, female cross-breed.
The trip is over too soon. Myrel find herself descending a staircase into the underground prison. She is handed over to the warden, Taat Coinchewer. He, too, stares at Myrel, but not out of curiosity. There is no mistaking his lust as his left eye wanders over Myrel. A greasy, grey patch covers his right eye. After introductions, he hands Myrel a sack that he refers to as her “kit.” It contains a blanket, a grey burlap robe, lamp, washbasin, a wooden bowl, and a spoon. “Ye give this back when ye leave,” he mumbles through curled lips.
The instructor leaves without a word. Myrel follows the warden down a corridor lined with heavy, wooden doors. Each door has a small window through which Myrel can glimpse a pallet and a bucket for night soil. Myrel thinks she is passing prison cells until the warden opens a door and says, “This one is yours.”
Myrel enters and peruses the place where she will sleep. Her bed consists of two wooden planks and a dirty bag stuffed with straw. The warden appears ready to leave; Myrel stops him with a question. “From whom do I learn my duties?”
The warden snorts contemptuously, “Talk to the female in the next room. I’ll check on ye from time to time.”
The female sitting on the stone floor in the next cell doesn’t stir when Myrel enters. “My name is Myrel. Are you from the temple?” When the girl turns her head, Myrel recognizes Alexia, an older girl whom Myrel remembers from school. “Alexia, I am glad to see you. What kind of place is this?”
“It is an unrelenting nightmare,” responds Alexia. Myrel listens silently while the girl relates her story. She came to the prison two months ago. “When I arrived, I was terrified. I never imagined that such a place could exist. The inmates are so brutish. Many are too sick to care for themselves. I go to their cells, take away their night soil, wash their bodies, and change their straw. Sometimes, I spoon-feed them. Despite my efforts; they die. The healthy survive anyway they can. They have no chance of ever being released, so they build a world for themselves here in the prison. They travel in packs and fight with rival packs. They bribe the guards and smuggle in contraband. The brutes lust for what they can’t have. Always stay in the common areas. Never be alone with a brute.”
Myrel asks, “Why are you still here? You must have done enough by now to pass your trial.”
“Don’t believe what the instructors tell you. The true purpose of this trial is to break your spirit. You stay here until you are broken.”
Myrel feels trapped. “What can I do?”
“I’ll say it again, “There are two kinds of inmates in this prison, the sick and the brutish. If you stay here, you will become one or the other.” Alexia gradually shakes off the depressed state in which Myrel found her. She stands up and instructs Myrel to follow. She guides Myrel through two locked and guarded gates to the prison mess and explains the kitchen routine. In the kitchen, inmates are chopping neeps for the evening meal. “Be especially nice to the kitchen workers; they are your best link to the outside,” Alexia explains.
When they enter the common room, a pack of inmates begin catcalling and making obscene gestures toward Alexia. One suggests that his member is injured, and he needs Alexia to rub cream on it. At Myrel, they only sneer and made unflattering remarks about her cross-breed features. Myrel surmises these are the brutes Alexia talks about. The sick are in the hospital cell. Alexia enters and collects five eating bowls from the inmates who lay on the stone floor. In the kitchen, she fills each and carries them back to their owners. Alexia spoon-feeds one decrepit goblin that is too sick to sit up. Myrel helps another who says his name is Grenab.
Grenab is weak but alert. Someone accused him of desertion and threw him in prison. He has been there for six months. He expected a trial that never came. For the last three weeks, he has been in the sick area. He thought he had cholera and expected to die, but to his surprise he was already getting better. Myrel learns that there are no medicines in the sick cell. It is just a place that separates the dying from the living.
Myrel’s bed is worse than the platform in the catacombs. Both are rock hard, but Myrel’s prison bed is also bug-ridden. She prefers to sleep sitting on the stone floor wrapped in a blanket. From Alexia, she learns the prison routines and which inmates to avoid. A few regard her presence as a kindness not to abuse. She passes most days listening to inmates tell their stories. She enjoys listening to Grenab the most. He had been in the Royal Guard and tells stories of battles and palace intrigue. He told Myrel the story of the Battle at Dragon’s Belly. He didn’t sound like someone who would desert, so she asked him to relate how he came to be accused.
“Being a king is dangerous business. Someone is always trying to take your job,” began Grenab. “King Giforing trusts me, and one day ‘e sent me on a special mission. ‘e told me to join the secret police. My job was to spy on the police while they spied on everyone else. After a couple of months, I was assigned to a squad that was sent to the Western Pass to intercept the Thaumaturgist, who is a political enemy of Lord Lizardthroat, the commander of the Secret Police. Everyone wanted to collect the reward Melkerei offered for ‘is capture. We were watching the pass, expecting the cleric to turn up, when a young cross-breed soldier whom we had never seen before walked into camp. ‘e told my captain that he knew where the Thaumaturgist and his soldiers were camped and would lead us to them. ‘e said we could take them by surprise, kill the soldiers and capture the cleric for the reward. There was something about the soldier that didn’t seem right. ‘e was too educated and well spoken to be a common soldier. I was right, when the Secret Police attacked the camp where the cleric was supposed to be sleeping, the youth hung back and I stayed with ‘im. It was a setup. Lord Lizardthroat’s police were ambushed and all but me were killed. When I was taken to the leader, I recognized the Thaumaturgist. I knew ‘im from many years ago when ‘e used to accompany the king. ‘e recognized me and told me to go back to Lizardthroat and tell him that a sorcerer had killed all ‘is men. I never made it. I was arrested by a patrol that found me on the road. They thought I was a deserter. They locked me up, and I’ve been ‘ere ever since.”
“Oh no,” Myrel exclaimed to herself when she connected Grenab’s story to the one she had hear from her friend Tinga. She realized that Trak was the “sorcerer” who tricked a squad of Blue Daggers. She realized she misjudged the likeable cross-breed and lost her chance to form a friendship.
Myrel thought it best not to disclose to Grenab her kinship to the Thaumaturgist, but if she got word to her father, he could arrange to have Grenab released. But how? She was told not to leave the prison until the instructors came to fetch her. She discussed the situation with Alexia who pointed out that their sleeping cells are located outside of the prison’s principle security gates. Between their rooms and the front door there was only a guard and one gate. They could try and slip past the guard or just wait until one of them is returned to the temple. That could be a long time. Grenab claimed the temple worker before Alexia stayed in the prison over a year. She left only when they carried her out in a coffin.
***
How is fresh food supplied to the prison? Myrel wonders. She went to the kitchen and sought out the inmate who ran the operation. “I want to work in the kitchen,” she announces.
“I normally don’t allow females in here. It causes too many problems, if you know what I mean. But since you are a cross-breed, I suppose we can give it a try,” replies the chief cook. Myrel let slide the cook’s implication that a cross-breed is too hideous appearing to cause a problem. If the cook has a name, no one ever uses it. For two decades, he has just been Cook.
The kitchen crew is surprisingly jolly, and Myrel grows to enjoy their company. None has any hope of ever being released. A sentence to a goblin prison is a one-way trip. The kitchen contains an enormous hearth where an entire pig could be roasted, if by some miracle the prisoners had a pig to roast. Instead, three or four large pots of boiling neeps and other vegetables sit on the fire from dawn to dusk. Myrel likes the hearth. It is the warmest place in the prison. Next to the hearth is a row of small ovens for baking bread. In the center of the room are large tables for chopping vegetables. Surprisingly, the kitchen has two knives to do the cutting. It is the chief cook’s task to regulate access to the knives.
Every morning delivery carts appear at the rear door of the kitchen loaded with food for the prison. Myrel would hang around the door and help unload the deliveries. She would step out into a courtyard and pick up a sack and carry it into the kitchen. When the carts left, they hauled away the previous day’s refuse. The routine almost never varied, but once a large crate containing cooking pots was delivered to the door. The crate was unloaded and stacked in a corner to be filled with garbage and picked up the next day. Myrel looked at the crate and knew how she could get out of the prison unnoticed, but she needed an accomplice.
Myrel complains to the chief cook about a prisoner who spent his days in the sick cell. Myrel says he was faking illness just to get out of work. This is an outrage that Cook couldn’t tolerate. He has Grenab hauled into the kitchen and put to work cleaning pots. When no one is looking, Grenab lifts Myrel into the empty crate. In the morning, it would be his job to put the crate on the wagon. Anyone else would feel the weight and realize it wasn’t empty.
The next day there is a dramatic moment when Grenab has to push aside another prisoner to get control of the crate containing Myrel, but from there the plan goes without a hitch. After a short, bumpy journey, the crate is dumped on its side. Her plan was to wait until dark, but she decides to emerge early. Picking a small crate was a bad idea. There is no way for Myrel to stretch her legs. I’ve got to get out of here before I lose my legs, thought Myrel. She knocks off the lid that is not tightly attached and finds she is in a warehouse. She is alone, but she can’t immediately stand. She drags herself out of the box and lies on the floor until a painful tingling sensation enters her legs. At last she is able to stand. She stumbles from the back of the warehouse. A group of goblins working in front give her surprised looks. She keeps walking without returning their stares.
Arriving at the temple, she demands the Thaumaturgist be notified of her presence. Thirty minutes later Alrik appears, hardly recognizing her in the dirty burlap robe, despite the fact that she is the only cross-breed he has ever seen. He leads her to where they can talk privately.
“Your father is not in the temple,” says Alrik. “He accompanied the king and his army to a battle against King Red in the south. I will inform him of the situation immediately upon his return, but you need to return to the prison until your Initiate’s Trial is officially over.” She agrees, but asks Alrik for money. It is for food for the sick, she claims
She returns to the warehouse where she crawled out of her crate a few hours before. She asks the manager to deliver a cart of fruit to the prison. He sees no problem with adding a charitable gift to the regular deliveries and tells her to have it at the warehouse early. Citrus fruit is in season in the south. Myrel buys all the imported oranges she can find and has it brought to the warehouse. The workers who deliver food to the prison recognize her as the cross-breed who works in the prison’s kitchen. No one objects as she walks beside her cart of fruit as it is pushed into the prison courtyard. She offloads a sack of oranges and carries them personally to Cook. “Look, we have oranges,” she says. Everyone is so interested by the fresh fruit that no one seems to notice Myrel has entered the prison from the outside. Her absence for the last day has apparently gone undetected. Cook who is fair by nature sees to it the oranges are distributed to the prisoners.
The next week Myrel is chopping neeps; the cook approaches and asks in a confidential tone, “Why did you come back?” Myrel explains that Grenab has been unjustly imprisoned, and she was trying to get word to a friend in the temple who could correct the injustice. She came back to the prison because she wanted to complete her Initiate’s Trial. She thanks Cook for not telling the guards she was gone. “As I see it, you are not a prisoner and can leave anytime you like.” Of course, he knows she will fail her Initiate’s Examination if she leaves the prison without the Temple’s permission, but he is the sort to favor the interests of inmates over those in authority. Myrel likes Cook.
Myrel becomes concerned as days pass and Grenab is not released. Cook says either her friend in the temple has failed or the temple wants Grenab to remain locked up. That is when Myrel again suspected that Alrik is not really looking out for her interests. She, also, considers the possibility than Grenab hasn’t told her the whole truth, and Krage does want him in prison.
When word enters the prison that King Giforing is back from the war, Myrel is again optimistic that Grenab will soon be released. But days pass and Grenab is still locked up. Myrel worries and Grenab becomes restless. “I’m thinking ‘bout escaping,” he declars. “Maybe I could get out the same way you did.” Myrel agrees to help, but they have to wait for more crates and trash to accumulate. While Grenab waits, a rumor circulates through the prison that there was a coup and Lord Lizardthroat has seized the throne.
Cook suggests Myrel obtain information about political activities in the city from the deliverymen. Of course, they don’t know anything about activities inside the temple, but for a price they agree to find someone with answers. The next morning, Ghent, one of the temple guards, arrives with the morning delivery. He recognizes Myrel and shares what he knows. “A few days ago, Lord Lizardthroat attacked the palace. A few of the royal guard were killed. The coup was largely unopposed. The king and his family are under house arrest. The nobles and the army were quick to support Melkerei. Apparently, the coup triggered an internal dispute among the clerics. In the end they supported Melkerei. The Thaumaturgist is now under house arrest for supporting the king. Alrik is running the temple.”
“What was the reason for the coup?” asks Cook.
“I think Melkerei just wants to be king,” replies the guard, but the reason given is that the King Giforing has placed the kingdom in danger by allowing the Thaumaturgist to hide King Red’s queen in the temple.”
Myrel pays the guard for his information and. asks his help in entering the temple without attracting attention. Ghent agrees when the time comes he would look the other way for the right compensation.
During the night, Myrel is awakened by the sound of her cell door opening. A silhouette stands in the door. It is too dark to identify the intruder, but she recognizes his voice. “I thought ye might be wantin’ some company,” slurs the warden, Taat Coinchewer.
Myrel knows what he wants and resolves not to give it to him. “I bring ye something nice.” He steps into the chamber and hands her a wool robe. It will be a lot warmer than what ye got.”
Myrel thanks him. Coinchewer slurs, “Try it. ‘and me your old robe an’ I’ll ‘ave it cleaned.
Myrel doen’t want to disrobe in front of him, not even in the dark. “I think I will wash before I put on the new robe. There is a room in the kitchen where I can bathe.”
“Since I did somethin’ nice for ye, it be right ye repay me,” replies the warden. Myrel feel his rough hand caress her shoulder.
Myrel thrusts the robe back at him saying, “You are right, of course. I must return your gift. It is a violation of temple rules to accept gifts in exchange for favors.”
“No need to be hasty, my sweet. There be no need anyone should ever know about our friendship.”
“It is enough that I would know,” Myrel responds with a tinge of panic in her voice. She shoves the warden’s hand off her shoulder.
Suddenly, Myrel feels a strong hand wrap around her waist and a second tear at her robe. Myrel tries to pull free of the shorter goblin, but he kicks her legs out from under her, and she falls heavily to the ground with her assailant on top of her. She screams. The warden struggles to push her legs apart, but the large cross-breed is surprisingly strong. He begins hitting her on the side of her head to quiet her a bit.
Myrel feels her strength ebbing. He presses his mouth against her lips. She smells his foul breath, a result of rotten teeth, ale and garlic. She renews her struggle. With a free hand she reaches for his face. She feels the patch he wore over his right eye and then, finding his left eye, shoves her thumb into the socket in an attempt to pop the globe. The warden howls in pain and slams his fist into her face several times. Myrel loses consciousness.
***
Myrel awakes to find the warden lying beside her on his back. Blood trickles from his head onto the stone floor. Alexia is standing over him with a lamp in one hand and a club in the other. In the flickering light, Myrel catches a look of satisfaction on Alexia’s face. “I have waited for this pig to assault you. He attacked me on the night I arrived in the prison. I wasn’t as lucky as you. No one came to my aid. I have waited vigilantly every night since. I knew that eventually this beast would be back, and I would have my revenge.”
Myrel stands. The effort is painful. She is sore all over and her nose and lip are bleeding. “I’m sorry, Alexia, for the crime he committed against you, but now we have a pressing problem. The warden is dead; his skull is caved. We must decide what we are going to do. It is fool hearty to tell the guards that he attacked us and we killed him in self-defense. The authorities will not tolerate, for any reason, violence directed against a prison warden.” 
Alexia answers, “Our best chance is to return to the temple tonight.” The temple clerics will protect us.”
“It was the temple clerics that put us here in the first place. We can expect no help from them. If we leave tonight, the authorities will know we killed the warden. We will eventually be caught and put to death. We must think of a way to hide our crime and go about our daily routines as if nothing has happened,” Myrel schemes. She and Alexia carry the dead warden to a storage room. It is possible to reach the room without passing through the inner gates that lead to the cells of the prisoners. They bury the corpse under bags of potatoes. In the morning before rigor mortis fully develops, they stuff the warden into a small wooden crate and seal it tightly. They hope to smuggle the crate out of the prison before the body putrefies and draws attention to the crate’s contents.
The days go by and no one mentions that the warden is missing. Grenab is still a prisoner and is growing more desperate. Word reaches the prison that the Duke of Uisgebeatha has retaken his island. Myrel hasn’t even heard that the island fell.
Myrel can detect the unmistakable smell of decaying flesh when she passes near the crate where the body is encased. The crate now stands stacked amongst the trash to be delivered to the city’s dump; she hears Cook complain that the trash smells and must be delivered to the dump the next morning. When the body is at last removed from the prison, the conspirators set the time for their escape. Grenab will leave via a second crate. Myrel and Alexia load him on to a cart while Cook pretends not to notice what they are up to. Myrel and Alexia walk out the front door that afternoon. They aren’t prisoners and can leave whenever they choose. They don’t care if their instructors find out. They are leaving no matter what the consequences.


Chapter 15

Neu Ardonbrae, Holy Mountain:

Myrel and Alexia recover Grenab from the city’s dump and pull him from the crate. He follows Myrel and Alexia to the temple’s delivery entrance. Myrel pays Ghent, the guard, the amount asked for and the trio enter.Their mission is to find Krage. They don’t know whom they can trust.
Myrel heads for a small storeroom that opens onto a corridor. “According to the map I found in the catacombs there is a secret passage in this room.” Examining the walls, she finds nothing. 
Grenab strikes the wall with a heavy board he collects off the floor. “There is definitely a hollow place behind this wall, but how can we access it?” Planks cover the wall from floor to ceiling. One plank seems loose, but it is anchored both at the top and the bottom. Grenab gives up trying to pry the plank from the wall and instead slides it toward the ceiling. The plank moves up a couple of inches, enough to allow Grenab to insert his hand under the board and swing it into the room to reveal a corridor behind the wall. Myrel crawls in first. The passage is narrow but high enough to stand. So far so good, she thinks.
The passage follows a flight of stairs up several levels. They climb until they are facing a second wall of planks. Using the same trick, Grenab lifts and rotates a plank into the space beyond. They enter a storage room—the companion to the one below. Myrel leaves the room and enters the corridor. Grenab and Alexia hang back. They are to come to Myrel’s assistance if she is stopped. Myrel walks to the door of her parents’ apartment. There is a guard at the door, indicating that at least one parent is inside.
Myrel has no plan. “Good, evening,” Myrel greets the guard. “Alrik sent me to inquire if the queen has any female issues I can help her with, if you understand my meaning.” The guard looks confused, but steps aside.
The queen heard the door open and close. Another treacherous priest, she thinks. She walks toward the entrance hall ready to throw the intruder out when she is startled to see her daughter. “Myrel, you are the last person I expected to see.” Her mother notes her thin frame and facial bruises, but says nothing.
Myrel embraces her mother “I have been working in the prison. When I heard that the king had been deposed, I had to come. Tell me everything.”
“Ten days ago there was a knock at the door. When I opened it, six secret police entered and seized your father. They said they were detaining all King Giforing’s henchmen. They took him away and put a guard at my door. They will not let me leave the apartment, and they will not tell me what they have done with Krage.”
Myrel told her what she has heard. “Lord Lizardthroat deposed the king on the grounds that by allowing you to take refuge in the temple, he has brought on two wars and endangered the kingdom. I also heard that Alrik is now in charge of the temple.”
“Lord Lizardthroat will send me back to King Red,” surmises the queen.
“What about father? Will Alrik become the new Thaumaturgist?”
“Let us hope not,” the queen replies. “That can happen only if Krage dies and leaves no heir.”
“Mother, I should not stay here. I know a place where I can hide. I will snoop around and endeavor to discover where they are holding father. Do you have any food, water, blankets, and lamps you can give me?”
Myrel leaves the apartment. “What have you in your bag,” the guard asks suspiciously. Myrel opens it and shows him the robe and blankets on top. “The queen requests her laundry washed. Alrik told me to humor her whims.” The guard is holding a spear in one hand and a shield in the other and doesn’t search deeper. Myrel decides this guard is not the sharpest wit in Melkerei’s army and tries her luck with small talk. “Do you have to stand here all the time holding that shield or do they let you off to eat and sleep?”
“It’s not so bad; it’s four hours on and four off. I have a bunk and plenty of food,” he explains.
“When do you think Lord Lizardthroat will move the queen?”
“Hard to say. It takes a while to get a message to King Red, but I think a reply will probably come in a few days, and then I expect to escort the queen all the way to the border.”
“You don’t sound like you are looking forward to the trip.”
“Escorting the queen is job enough, but if the Thaumaturgist goes too, it will be more dangerous. Not everyone is in favor of turning the Thaumaturgist over to King Red.”
“Do you think the Thaumaturgist will be in shape to travel? I heard he was hurt in the coup.”
“No, he didn’t receive a scratch. As far as I know, he is fed regularly, the same as the queen.”
“Well, good luck with the queen. My name is Myrel. Maybe we can talk some more the next time I come.” Myrel heads down the corridor and turns a corner to where her co-conspirators wait.
Myrel guides her companions to the scriptorium. She lights a lamp, and they slip into the storage room and climb the staircase. She shows them the latch to the altar lid. “Grenab, disable this lock. We need an escape route.” Except for the dead, the catacombs are empty. Myrel retrieved the map from the sarcophagus. “Let us plot how we might use the secret passages to reconnoiter the temple.” They note all the locations on the map where Krage might be held and decide to concentrate on the domain of the priests.
Myrel presents her plan as they eat a little bread. “From what the guard told me, food is being prepared for Queen Meriem and Krage. Grenab, I want you to hang around the queen’s apartment and follow whoever brings her breakfast back to the kitchen. Then, in the evening follow whoever leaves the kitchen and heads in a different direction. Hopefully, they will lead you to Krage.” 
Alexia realizes, “The secret passages were built as escape routes designed to take one out of the temple and into the volcano’s deep interior.”
Grenab waits out of the guard’s sight near the queen’s apartment. As expected, a temple worker arrives with a breakfast tray. He emerges a minute later, and Grenab tails him to a kitchen on the sixth level. The kitchen feeds the two hundred senior clerics that live in the temple. In a secret passage Grenab sits until evening when he enters the corridor where the kitchen workers pass. Three workers come out of the kitchen carrying trays. One heads to the queen’s apartment. Grenab picks one of the remaining two to follow. The worker descends the steps to the fourth level and proceeds down a corridor, leading to the center of the mountain. He arrives at a closed door guarded by a single Blue Dagger. Grenab halts and watches the kitchen worker go through the door and continue down a long corridor. He can not see the final destination.
When Grenab returns to the catacombs, Myrel is waiting. She pulls out the map, and Grenab points to where the guard stood. Fortunately, one of the secret passages opens into a room at the end of the guarded corridor. They wait until after midnight, and make their way. They reach their destination, a closet, and listen for activity beyond the door. They hear nothing, so they open the door and creep in. It is dark, even for goblin eyes. Grenab goes first. He doesn’t see the blow that takes him from behind. Myrel shouts “Don’t! Please stop!”
***
“Myrel, is that you?” whispers Krage as he recognizes her voice. He lights a lamp. They spend the next few minutes reviving poor Grenab. Myrel suggests they leave immediately, but Krage first wants to know what she can tell him about the situation in the temple. Krage is reluctant to leave by the secret passage; he fears if he just disappears, his guards will suspect its existence. “They will tear the walls apart until they find it. If they discover one secret passage, they won’t stop there. They will tear apart the temple until all the passages are exposed, and we will have lost our hiding places.” Krage tells Grenab, “Circle back to the corridor and create a disturbance. Get the guard to chase you.”
Krage and Myrel wait several minutes for Grenab to traverse the secret passage and reach the corridor where the guard stands. When they hear shouting in the hall, they count to ten and then smash the door open. Leaving the door ajar, they crawl into the secret passage behind the closet. They hope the guard will return and think Krage broke the door and escaped down the corridor. The guard will search the rooms along the corridor and never think to explore the closet in the room where Krage was held.
Myrel leads Krage into the hidden passage on the fourth level and via the scriptorium into the catacombs. Krage, who was raised in the temple, is amazed by Myrel’s knowledge of the temple’s secrets. She shows Krage the map and the key. “I found these when I was undergoing my Initiate’s Trial.”
“It is clear that someone besides the four of us is aware of these secret passages.” For the rest of the night, Krage studies the map and the conspirators plot their next move. Krage is apologetic when he learns that Grenab spent more than half a year in prison. “Had I known, I would have sought his release.”
Myrel asks the question that is in the back of her mind since Grenab’s related his tale of the cross-breed that helped her father get through the Western Pass. “Father, when I was in the prison Grenab told me the story of how he met you in the Western Pass, and how a cross-breed tricked a squad of Blue Daggers into a trap. Could the cross-breed have been the lad I met in the temple whose name is Trak?”
“So, you met Trak. What did he tell you about himself?”
“Not much, actually. He was very tight lipped. He said he was a metal smith, but he seemed too educated to be a smith. I wasn’t sure he could be trusted. My friends warned me he was a sorcerer and dangerous. I decided to avoid his company,” Myrel replies.
“The boy is honest enough,” says Krage, “but trouble follows him. It is for the best that you stayed away from him,” Krage remarks in a fatherly tone of voice.
“Where is he now?” Myrel couldn’t keep from asking.
“Last I heard, he returned to the Isle of Uisgebeatha to aid Duke Amin in his fight against King Red,” Krage says before changing the subject. Myrel knows little of Trak, but with each bit of information she gleans, her curiosity grows. Krage considers for a moment revealing the truth about Trak’s identity, but decides to wait.
“We can use the secret passages to undo the events Lord Lizardthroat has set in motion. You say there is only one guard on the queen’s door?” asks Krage. “Our first task is to rescue the queen and ruin Melkerei’s plan to return her to King Red.” They sleep during the day, and at night, they proceed through the secret passage up to the sixth level. Myrel steps into the corridor first. She is to distract the guard so that Krage and Grenab can then overpower him. They are too late. The guard is gone, and the queen’s apartment stands empty. Krage grabs traveling clothes and gear for his companions and a few books from his study. Disappointed, the conspirators return to the catacombs.
Krage concludes, “I believe remaining in the catacombs is risky. Eventually, someone will enter and we will be discovered. We should shift our hiding place to a room in the secret passage that connects the fourth level with the caverns deep in the volcano. If we hear someone coming, we can hide in the dark passages below the temple. The fourth level is also the street level. It is the hiding place closest to the exit into the city. Hide the map and key to a sarcophagus at the other end of the crypt. We don’t want to return and find them missing. We need to determine where the queen has been taken.”
During the day, the conspirators position themselves where they can remain hidden and catch fragments of conversations. Krage finds the passage near Alrik’s private quarters to be the perfect spot. From there, he hears Alrik in his office giving orders and receiving visitors.
Krage listens to Alrik discuss the situation with Lord Lizardthroat. “Somehow he must have slipped passed the guard who was busy chasing the intruder. The intruder also escaped. It is clear that Krage has supporters who are helping him. They are probably hiding him somewhere in the temple. I have ordered a search of every room. I will continue searching until I find him. You were wise to move the queen into the palace. The palace dungeons are more secure than any room we have in the temple. What news do you have about Krage’s offspring?”
Melkerei replies, “Of course, King Red already has the son. The daughter walked out of the prison three days ago and hasn’t been seen since. She apparently had help from a deserter who escaped at the same time. I should hear from King Red in the next day or two. I intend to send his queen back to him, with or without the daughter.”
In the hidden passage, the four escapees set up housekeeping. They smuggle in items to make themselves more comfortable: cots, food, water basins. Although they have excellent intelligence on what Lord Lizardthroat is planning, they are unable to create a workable scheme to rescue the queen or the deposed king.
After three days, they overhear Queen Meriem will be sent to the border in the morning. Myrel laments their effort to rescue her mother has failed, but Krage believes there is still a way. They will leave the temple and intercept the escort party as it travels the coastal road.
“Are we just going to walk out the front door?” asks Myrel.
“Actually, that might work. Once we are in the city, Melkerei wouldn’t dare send his henchmen to attack the Thaumaturgist in public, but I think we are better off traveling unobserved. I know a clandestine way out of the temple. Myrel is not the only one who knows a temple secret. They make ready the traveling packs that Grenab stole from the dormitory. Krage guides them into the caverns toward the volcano’s core. He follows the trail taken by Trak several months before. They stop a moment to look down the chasm and watch the lava flowing far below. Krage is pleased that it grows more intense. The four continue down the side tunnel into a second cavern, the same one Trak visited. Myrel and Alexia look up at the giant goblin sculpture. Krage informs them, “A millennium ago this cavern was the center of the goblin religion. It is widely believed that the stone sculpture is a likeness of Septan himself. In the past flowing lava illuminated this space.” He gestures toward the five standing stones that surround the goblin sculpture and says, “Those are the Sacred Stones of Septan. The old stories tell of captives sacrificed on these rocks, but I doubt the stories are true. Sacrifice is not part of the religion.” At the point where Trak turned back, Krage guides his companions down another winding tunnel. A league farther on, they pass two side tunnels. Krage warns, “They are to be entered only at great peril. They lead to dangers deep in the earth. It was from these tunnels that our ancestors emerged in the beginning of time. If you travel down the tunnels for an hour, you will come to the ruins of an underground city, Ardonbrae, the original capital of the goblin kingdom. That is as far as I have ever been. To go farther risks awakening the evil that sleeps in the earth.”
Myrel scoffs, “You don’t take that story seriously, do you, Father?”
“Actually, I do,” replies the Thaumaturgist. “One day the evil presence that sleeps in the Underworld will awaken and threaten to annihilate not only goblins but all surface creatures.” His conviction and somber countenance cause Myrel to shudder.
As they near the exit on the north side of Holy Mountain, they see the glow of the setting sun illuminate the rocky field beyond. They are discussing where to spend the night when six Blue Daggers step in front of them and order them to surrender. The Daggers stand ready to cast their spears. Krage thrusts a hand at the guards. A bright flash accompanied by a deafening explosion bursts in their faces and temporarily blinds them. Krage turns on his heels and yells, “Run!”
The conspirators have a head start. It takes the Blue Daggers a few moments to recover their vision and longer still before they can see their way in the dark tunnel. Krage runs back to the junction that leads to the underground city and plunges down its steep tunnel.
Myrel cries in alarm, “You said we should avoid this tunnel?”
“I said enter only at great peril, and our situation requires something drastic.” He leads them recklessly down the dark, steep slope and broken, worn stairs. Why can we still see our way, Myrel wonders? It is then she notices the blue glow radiating from Krage’s torso. It is the same glow that emanated from her hands in the catacombs.
At the third fork they encounter, Krage turns the party into a side tunnel leading to a large cavern, dimly lit by an orange glow. Krage seems excited to find the chamber lit. “This is amazing,” he says out loud. “The last time I was here, this chamber was completely dark. The earth is awakening.”
They journey several hundred strides across the chamber and halt at the top of a broad staircase carved in the rock. They listen and hear sounds of the pursuers, but only silence from below. Krage informs the group, “The city lies in a cavern at the bottom of these steps. We must hide until we determine the city is unoccupied. It is possible that Lord Lizardthroat positioned soldiers in the city to waylay us if we came this way. Also, it is possible that inhabitants of the Underworld lurk in the city.” He directs them to a fissure in a dark corner of the cavern where they are able to observe the staircase.
They hear the clatter of the approaching Blue Daggers before they see the yellow glow of the torches they carry. A hundred Daggers regroup at the top of the staircase. The commander of the force says, “Below us are the ruins of Ardonbrae. Take no chances. Kill them if they resist, and remember, there are fouler things in the depths of the earth than escaped criminals.” He orders his troops down the staircase and into the city.
***
The city is dimly lit and heated by flowing lava. “Extinguish your torches and save them for the return,” the commander orders. The tops of the ruined buildings are silhouetted by the orange glow of the lava flowing in a distant chasm. The city resembles a world in which the sun is perpetually setting. All goblins have heard of the ancient city of Ardonbrae, the first goblin capital, but few imagine the city buildings still stand. The soldiers are dumb struck by what they see. For the illiterate soldiers, it is a trip back to a primordial time before the Earth Spirit guided the goblins out of the earth’s interior to the sunlit world above. The commander must order, “Focus on the task at hand. Find the traitors.”
He sends his squads to search various quadrants of the ancient city. “They will be hiding. You will have to check every hole.” After two hours of searching, it becomes clear that the city is vast and the number of possible hiding places inexhaustible. The commander wanders the town, checking on the progress of his squads. He marvels at the dwellings carved into the walls of the cavern. They are elegantly equipped with spiral staircases and spacious balconies. In the city’s center stands what appears to be public buildings. The tallest are five stories high. All appear to be made from basalt quarried from the cavern. Their windows mostly face the chasm where the red glow emanating from the flowing magma illuminates the building’s interiors.
Sculpted facades decorate the most opulent edifices. Scenes depict battles and legendary events. On one structure, a hero drives his spear into the chest of a troll. Over and over, the Blue Dagger captain sees the same image carved above doorways and in plaza floors. It is a snake entwined about a flaming sword. It must have been the sigil of the city’s ruler, the commander speculates. He strolls to the far end of the cavern and peers at the orange lava flowing far below. The air is hot on the ledge where he stands, but not unbearable. He strolls into some of the dwellings that have been hewn out of the mountain. They are stacked one on top of the other and form an interlocking maze.
Each dwelling he enters is like the last. Personal possessions lay strewn across the floor as though the inhabitants departed in a hurry, abandoning their belongings. The commander mutters, “My soldiers are expending more energy searching for abandoned treasure than pursuing fugitives.” He passes through an ornately decorated portal into a darkly lit interior. Something crunches beneath his feet as he steps inside. Looking down, he discovers he is walking on old, brittle bones. From the cut marks, he deduces the occupants were slashed to pieces by a heavy blade, possibly a cleaver. He backs away from the grizzly scene and heads in the direction where the nearest squad is searching dwellings. As he approaches, he hears shouting and clashing metal; he runs to investigate.
He enters a large room to see his men pinned to a wall, defending themselves against two-dozen of the whitest goblins he has ever seen. They are naked except for their swords and the black tattoos on their bodies. Several of his soldiers are down. He wades into the fight, chopping down several white wraiths from behind before they know he is there. His attack allows the trapped Daggers to break out of the encirclement. They race toward the staircase leading out of the ruined city. Other search parties see the commotion and rush to their support. The Blue Daggers create a defensive formation at the bottom of the staircase. The commander uses the steps to gain a height advantage over his foe. The white goblins are on them in a moment, attacking recklessly. The Blue Daggers dispatch them easily. The wraiths’ crude, bronze weapons are no match for the Blue Daggers’ steel. Just when the commander begins to relax, thinking he has control of the battle, hundreds of naked, white goblins swarm out of the chasm on the far side of the cavern. The Daggers are vastly outnumbered. In a moment they will be overrun. The commander orders, “Retreat,” and leads the flight up the stairs.
On the level above, Krage frets. He is considering making a dash for the surface. Perhaps most of Lord Lizardthroat’s soldiers are preoccupied in the city below. He weighs his chances of sneaking past the guards above and escaping the mountain. He needs to be on the surface to rescue the queen before she is handed over to King Red. Krage feels certain that by now the Blue Daggers have informed Melkerei of his whereabouts. The commander will send more troops into the underground tunnels. He looks at his companions who are noticeably tired from their hasty escape into the depths of the volcano. Prison conditions have left them in no shape to run at full speed up the ascending passage. He can’t leave them. He has just decided to abandon any attempt to break for the surface when he hears shouting and clashing metal in the city below.
The commander of the Blue Dagger squads flees up the steps followed by his soldiers. They are in a complete rout. Ten heart beats later, several hundred white goblins emerge and pursue the Blue Daggers across the dimly lit chamber, disappearing up the tunnel. The Daggers don’t have time to light their torches. They are forced to run in single file and feel their way up the long tunnel while trying to stay ahead of the wraiths. The white demons systematically pick off those in the back until only the commander and a handful of his soldiers escape.
The Thaumaturgist seeks to calm his companions. “We should be safe in this fissure for some time. We must stay in hiding until the fighting in the tunnel is over and the white goblins have again descended into the city. It is fortunate we waited to see if the city was occupied before entering. I expect that some of the Blue Daggers will escape to tell Lord Lizardthroat of the threat in the mountain. He will not press the fight, but will take measures to augment the forces he has guarding the exits. His precautions will make it more difficult for us to get past his guards.”
“What are those white creatures?” asked Alexia. “Where do they come from? There are enough white devils to overrun the temple and kill all its occupants.”
“Yes, and you are only seeing a small portion of their number. They are the subterraneans. Some call them the ‘Unworthy.’ There are tens of thousands living in the earth. They have always been there. They prefer to stay to themselves,” Krage explains. “These are the people the prophecies foretell will be enslaved by the evil presence that lives deep in the earth. With his army of subterranean goblins, the evil one will threaten all life on the surface.”
“When will that day come?” asks Myrel.
“The prophecies aren’t specific. Perhaps today’s events are the very catalyst that initiates the apocalypse.”
From their hiding place in the fissure, the conspirators watch the white wraiths return to the city. Many carry steel swords they have taken from Lord Lizardthroat’s Secret Police. Krage abandons his plan to hide in the city, and several hours later he guides the party back to a higher level in the maze of passages that honeycomb the base of the mountain. They climb to the first fork they passed on their run down. It is as far from the white goblins as they can get without risking an encounter with the Blue Daggers above. Once again, Krage lights the way with his eerie blue aura. Myrel and Alexia have never before witnessed the carnage of battle, and are shaken each time they pass a mutilated corpse sprawled in their path. Grenab picks up a steel sword that the white goblins have overlooked. They approach the top of the tunnel cautiously. Wraiths and Blue Daggers could be anywhere. At the junction, Krage directs them down a branching passage he has never before explored. It is narrower than the tunnel to the underground city and continues without changing elevation for a league until it comes to an intersection. Krage chooses this spot to pause before exploring the many branching side passages.
Krage is fatigued from having illuminated their path for so many hours. As Krage rests, the chamber grows black. The total darkness plays tricks on Myrel’s mind. Her heart speeds up each time she hears a faint noise or senses something moving in the shadows. She imagines Blue Daggers, wraiths and whatever else might live in the tunnels creeping toward her. She counts her heartbeats to calm herself. As she focuses, she feels a tingling sensation in her fingers followed by a blue glow. It is not as bright as Krage’s illumination, but it is better than sitting in the dark, she thinks, expecting to be grabbed by an unseen evil.
Krage looks at her and says, “Well done, Daughter. You have discovered the secret.” He explains to Grenab and Alexia, “The illumination is a special power given to members of our linage. Not all of our progenitors succeed in drawing forth the light and rarely is it achieved by someone as young as Myrel. The power of the light can be put to many uses. It is the source of the explosion I used to blind the Blue Daggers. With practice, Daughter, you will discover its secrets. If you think you can sustain a light here in the chamber, I will begin to explore the side tunnels.” The thought of Krage leaving makes Myrel anxious and her illumination dims to a weak flicker. She calms herself, and the glow intensifies.
Krage heads down one of the three remaining unexplored passages. This passage gives Krage what he most hopes for, a way out of the mountain. It emerges on the west side of Holy Mountain, about two hundred strides above the mountain’s base and a league from where the party had originally tried to exit. The entrance is partially blocked by fallen rock and is hidden from the road encircling the mountain. None of Melkerei’s Secret Police are lurking about.
Krage returns to the chamber and finds the others seated where he left them. Myrel is relieved to cease illuminating as Krage sits down. The others stare at him and Myrel asks the question on everyone’s mind, “Well, what did you find?” Krage enjoys seeing their looks of apprehension before revealing, “I found another exit. We only have to take a short walk to escape this wraith-infested mountain.”
It is morning. They will wait until evening and enter the capital in darkness, when there is less chance of being spotted by the police. Krage proposes, “We can proceed to the home of a friend to learn what is happening in the city and the current whereabouts of the queen.”
In the boulders that hide the exit Myrel sits. From her vantage point, she can see formations of Blue Daggers moving toward the mountain’s rear entrance. She can’t tell if they intend to attack the white goblins or guard against an attack. Alexia and Grenab remove nesting materials some animal used to make a den and spend the day sleeping on the rocks.
The road is dark and disserted when the party descends the rocky slope and moves south toward the capital. Krage guides them through back alleys. Alexia and Grenab follow Krage and Myrel at a distance so that it doesn’t appear that the four are travelling together. Krage knocks at a door; after a moment’s wait, the door opens and the four conspirators are admitted.
“Meet Humock Gutcutter,” Krage says, “Captain of the City Police and my friend since boyhood.” Humock greets his visitors.
“It is not hard to guess who your companions are,” says Humock. Melkerei’s Blue Daggers have been tearing the city apart looking for your daughter and two others that went missing from the city’s prison. The prison warden is also missing. He is regarded as an accomplice in your daughter’s escape. I know the warden well enough to think he would make a poor ally. I was told this morning the Blue Daggers have you cornered in the labyrinth of Holy Mountain. Lord Lizardthroat seemed confident that either he would soon catch you or the foul creatures that live in the tunnels would kill you.”
“I am sorry to disappoint the commander,” Krage sarcastically replies. “We have been hiding in the temple since I escaped more than a five days ago, and we have come for news about recent events in the city.”
“As you probably expect, Lord Lizardthroat plans to deliver Queen Meriem to King Red. Your escape from the temple and yesterday’s commotion in the mountain have upset his schedule and delayed his departure. He must deliver the queen in ten days; therefore, he must depart tomorrow or the next day and proceed with haste to the border. King Giforing and his family are still being held in the palace. I don’t think Melkerei has decided what he is going to do with the king. He has talked about staging a trial and sentencing the king to the gallows for treason, but that would make the king’s son the next ruler and not Melkerei. I suspect he will arrange for the king and his family to escape. If a ship carrying the family sinks during an escape attempt, no one can hold him responsible. Melkerei asked Alrik to assume the role of Thaumaturgist, but Alrik refused, saying the job was for life and you were, as far as he knows, still alive.”
“Do you know the size of the guard that will escort the queen to the border?” asks Krage.
“It will be small, perhaps two or three squads. Melkerei doesn’t want to threaten King Red with a sizeable military force,” Humock replies.
While the two friends scheme, Humock’s servant brings bread and ale. It is decided that the party will depart the city before dawn. The coastal road is too dangerous. It is well traveled, and they would likely be spotted. They will take the Razor’s Back and rejoin the coastal road at Dragon’s Belly. It seems a good spot to rescue the queen. If their plan goes awry, they will split up and regroup in the tunnel in Holy Mountain where they spent the previous day. After a couple of hours of sleep, the conspirators are awakened before dawn and handed their backpacks, which have been provisioned for the journey. One by one, they exit the city’s south gate. Humock lingers in the background, making sure they get through without incident.


Chapter 16

War is an invention of the rich . . .
Trak Dragonfire

Bretwalda

Trak surrenders his sword to Lord Ran when he boards the war galley. The baron’s son spends a few moments admiring its Dragon Fire pattern and then hands the sword back. Trak is treated more like a guest than a prisoner. An hour after departing the Isle of Uisgebeatha, Trak is standing on the bow observing the gannets diving for fish as the warship sails through the choppy sea when Lord Ran approaches and queries “Are you as deep in thought as you appear, Lord Sorcerer?”
“Before yesterday, I didn’t know I was Krage’s son. I have never heard the story of Krage and King Red’s queen. Would you please relate the tale as you understand it?”
Lord Ran begins, “Krage came to King Red’s court twenty years ago to persuade the king to sign a peace treaty with the goblin kingdom. The army bitterly opposed the peace; their hatred for goblins was strong. They suffered the most from the wars. Krage remained in the fortress for several months and became an accustomed sight. He was friendly to the servants and kind to the children. At seven years of age, I too was fascinated by the tall goblin who always took time to talk with me. We thought we knew the nature of goblins, but Krage surprised us. He seemed as dignified and educated as the best bred nobleman.”
“I was too young to notice it, but apparently Krage became friends with King Red’s young queen. The previous king, Joelfrey, had no male heir, so he married his only daughter to Red, the strongest and most ambitious of his nobles. The queen was no more than a child, and Red took little interest in her, until she became pregnant. The king needed a child by her to perpetuate his dynasty.”
“When it became clear the peace negotiations had failed, Krage departed. It was then discovered that Queen Meriem was missing. King Red assumed that Krage had taken her hostage. He was enraged by what seemed to be an unbelievable act of treachery. He waited for a ransom demand but none came. It was widely believed that she was taken to the goblin capital where she has been held ever since. No one knew what happened to the child she was carrying until I met you at the dock. It all seemed to fit. Krage hadn’t kidnapped the queen. She ran off with him because she was pregnant with his child. The queen left to protect herself and her cross-breed infant from King Red’s retribution.”
“If what you say is true, I can’t imagine that King Red is going to be overjoyed to see me,” Trak responds with a half grin.
“The situation is complicated. By custom, you are the legitimate heir to the throne. Of course, it is unthinkable that a cross-breed conceived through an act of treachery would be permitted to become king. There are many who would have you killed immediately. But there is hope. King Red wants his queen back. He needs to save face and still hopes to produce an heir. If you agree, I will tell the king that I have captured Krage’s son, a cross-breed born to a lady in waiting who disappeared at the same time as the queen. Fortunately, such a person actually existed.
I will convince the king that you are a hostage of great value because you will be the next Thaumaturgist, the spiritual leader of the goblins. I will suggest to the king that he exchange you for his queen. To further strengthen your chances of survival, I will convince the king that you are a great sorcerer and in exchange for your life have agreed to share your knowledge of goblin steel making. I am not asking you to commit a great act of treason. I would be satisfied just to learn how you made your sword, the one named Dragon Fire.”
“Thank you, Lord Ran. You have given me much to ponder.” Trak slept two nights on the deck of the warship contemplating Lord Ran’s offer. He reasoned that he has little chance of surviving if he doesn’t give something in return for his life. Was Ran asking too much? After all, the men already have the secret of making iron swords. Dragon Fire swords are beautiful but not appreciably superior as weapons to the swords they already possess. 
In the end, he decides he has done enough for the goblin cause. He has made the steel swords the goblin king needed and he surrendered himself to save the duke’s life and end the fighting. He concludes the time has come to fight for his own survival.
At the port city of Westhaven, Trak follows Lord Ran down the gangplank into a city far larger than Halban by the Sea and notably filthier. Its harbor is crowded not only with warships but also with trading vessels that fly banners Trak doesn’t recognize. “This city owes its allegiance to Baron Teiber, my father,” Lord Ran explains. “We will spend the night at his castle and proceed to King Red’s fortress in the morning.” As Lord Ran passes through the streets, he exchanges greetings with the local merchants and city guards; he is apparently a popular and well-known figure in the port. Few seemed alarmed to see a cross-breed walking beside Lord Ran. The reason becomes obvious when they walk by an entire cross-breed family, a man and his goblin wife and five cross-breed children cheering the returning soldiers.
“You look surprised,” comments Ran. “In Westhaven cross-breeding is frowned upon by the most upstanding citizens, but it is still tolerated.” At the castle, Trak is escorted to a small chamber and asked not to leave the room and wander about. Later that evening, food and bathing water are provided.
In the morning, Trak is given a horse to ride. Lord Ran laughs at Trak’s apprehension as he tries to mount the huge beast. Except in battle, Trak has never been close to anything larger than a pony. Fortunately, the mare is docile, and Trak has little more to do than hold on, although he tries to copy Lord Ran’s posture and hand grip. Once Trak learns to move in rhythm with the horse’s gait, he begins to enjoy the experience. Ran asks him if he agrees to his plan.
“Yes,” said Trak, “with two minor conditions. My first condition you can guess. I can’t be a part of any plan that intends to humiliate the queen or cause her physical harm. My second condition may surprise you. After I am successfully exchanged for Queen Meriem, I will leave the goblin kingdom and return to Bretwalda where I will manage an iron works which you will finance and construct according to my specifications. Together, we will make weapons and sell them to your noble houses. The Dragon Fire swords will be our trade mark. Each one will cost a shade less than a king’s ransom. I will hold a fifteen percent interest in the enterprise. After five years, you will buy out my share for whatever it is worth.”
Lord Ran is surprised and pleased with Trak’s proposal. It would likely be many decades before he inherits his father’s lands and title. A business enterprise would make a positive contribution to his family’s long-term success. Lord Ran can’t guess why Trak wants to abandon the goblin kingdom. Ran is the sort who prefers to puzzle it out, but he can’t help asking, “Why, do you want to remain in Bretwalda rather than returning home?”
“That’s just it. In the goblin kingdom, I never feel at home. I’m treated like an outsider, like some nobleman’s private property. I want to be free to pursue my own destiny,” Trak explains.
“Whose side will you take in the war between men and goblins? Ran asks perceptively.
“I will take no side. War is an invention of the rich to maintain their power and wealth. I will sell weapons to whomever will pay a fair price for my work, but I will oppose rulers who squander the lives of their subjects in military ventures.”
***
King Red’s fortress is foreboding. The edifice is all stone towers and battlements, crammed with catapults and engines of war. The fortress’ only adornment is a huge stone serpent that slithers up the front of the keep; its head extends twenty arm lengths above the tallest battlement. A forked tongue curls out of its disarticulated jaw.
Lord Ran and Trak stand to the back of King Red’s audience chamber as Baron Teiber reports to the king on his mission. “My Liege, your objectives have been accomplished. You have humiliated Duke Amin by capturing his island and causing ruin to his castle and harbor. The iron forges are destroyed, and his stock of steel confiscated. In time he will rebuild, but for the moment he is no longer a threat to your kingdom.”
“And what about the sorcerer,” asks the king with an edge of irritation in his voice.
“Regrettably, the sorcerer left the island before we arrived, but on that score we have not entirely failed. We have taken his son. He agreed to become your hostage in exchange for our sparing the life of the duke.”
Lord Ran steps forward and bows. “My Liege, this is Lord Trak, the son of Krage. His mother was the lady in waiting who disappeared at the same time the queen was kidnapped. He is a sorcerer who was trained by Krage, but more importantly, upon Krage’s death he will become the next high priest of the goblins. It was he who manufactured the iron weapons that goblins are using against us. He has agreed to share his iron making secrets in exchange for his life.” Lord Ran steps forward and holds up Dragon Fire for the king to admire. As the king lifts the sword, the torches in the chamber flicker off the blade, making it appear alive. He smiles at his assembled nobles as he twists the blade to accelerate the play of light.
“And what about our casualties?” asks the king. “Did you seize the island by surprise?”
“The stranding of Duke Amin and his army on the mainland was an impressive success. The taking of the island and the castle cost us only four infantry.
“I can imagine the duke’s reaction,” replies the king, gleefully, “I can see the toad all red with anger and spitting curses at everything and everyone.”
“Yes, My Liege, but as you feared, the goblin king came to the duke’s aid soon thereafter. He sent three ships to transport the duke’s thousand-man army to the island. I discovered the treachery after the duke began smuggling his forces onto the island and dispatched our warships to intercept his transports. We destroyed two of his ships, and half the goblin force was killed or captured. Everything was going our way when the duke became desperate and, with the third transport ship, made a suicidal attack on the island’s harbor. At full speed, he rammed his transporter into his own wharf.
“Why was the duke so desperate to get on the island,” Red asks as he slouches in his throne.
“At first, I could not see the sense of it, until the ship exploded. It was loaded with a new type of pyrotechnic that set even the water on fire. The entire harbor, including two of our ships, was consumed in the blaze. Perhaps Lord Trak will reveal the recipe for this unquenchable fire. While a large portion of my forces battled the ship fires, the goblins on the island attacked the castle. I defended the castle successfully, although my strength was divided between manning the castle, guarding the harbor and fighting the fires.”
“While the goblins attacked the castle’s outer walls with siege engines, my son, Lord Ran, led a raiding party onto the battlefield and captured the duke and many of his captains. At that point, we received intelligence from the mainland that the goblin king was dispatching an army of several thousand troops to retake the island. Rather than sit behind the castle’s walls and wait for the goblin king to arrive with his forces, I took advantage of the enemy’s disarray. I demanded the goblins withdraw from the battlefield and surrender Krage’s son to us in exchange for the release of their duke. The duke received a nasty leg wound during the fight. With luck, the fat toad will die of an infection. I am most sorry to report that five score of my troops gave their lives in Your Majesty’s service.”
Trak admires the manner in which the baron combines half-truths with an occasional fabrication to create a plausible tale that placed a favorable interpretation on the events. Perhaps all histories are recorded the same way, he muses.
The king remains silent for a few moments before turning to Trak. “Is it true you are a sorcerer and Krage’s son?”
“I am Krage’s son. When Krage dies I will become the 60th Thaumaturgist of the Septantrak. I have been trained in alchemy and metallurgy. I don’t claim to have any magical powers.”
“Is my queen well?” asks the king as he leaves his throne and begins slowly approaching Trak. He seems to be taking close note of the cross-breed’s facial features.
Trak keeps his voice steady and looks directly into the king’s blue eyes. “Your Highness, except a brief visit to the capital city, I have spent my entire life on the Isle of Uisgebeatha. The truth is I had not heard the story of the kidnapping of your queen until Lord Ran related the tale to me three days ago. I can only guess at why Krage chose to keep his secret from me. I know nothing about the queen’s health or whereabouts.”
Red lifts Dragon Fire and waves its blade menacingly in front of Trak’s face. “Do you know the secrets for making fire spitting swords and the new pyrotechnics?”
“Yes, Your Highness. In exchange for the life of Duke Amin, I agreed to reveal the secrets and to aid you in any way I can to facilitate the release of your queen from her imprisonment.”
The king thinks, I have been dealing with goblins my entire life. You can’t trust them. This one is also lying, but what part is a lie and what part is truth. Where is the trap? There is always more to what a goblin says than an honest man would expect.
The king walks slowly back to the platform on which his throne sits and after a pause says, “Baron, you have once again valiantly served the kingdom. It pains me that you have lost so many of your liegemen. Give my thanks to the widows who lost their husbands and to the children who lost their fathers. Their heroic defense of the kingdom will not be forgotten. I am satisfied that a major embarrassment has been inflicted on the goblin kingdom. I will send the goblin king a message demanding the release of my queen in exchange for the son of their sorcerer. And you, sorcerer, will prove your good intentions by revealing to Baron Teiber the secrets of the goblins’ new weapons.”
Trak accompanies Lord Ran and Baron Teiber back to Westland. Lord Ran provides him with a room and writing materials. Trak summarizes what is needed to construct an iron production facility. Having just completed a similar project for the goblin king, Trak finishes the task in three days. Trak presents his plan to Lord Ran, “The next task is to select a location for the operation. I must know more about the potential sources of iron ore and charcoal.”
King Red receives a reply from the goblin capital four weeks after Trak arrives. The message sent by Lord Lizardthroat and contains surprising news. King Red reads, “When King Giforing refused your offer, I, with the support of the noble houses, deposed the king. On behalf of the goblin kingdom, I accept your proposal and suggest the exchange take place in five weeks at a place of your choosing. I hope the exchange represents a new beginning in the relationship between our two kingdoms.”
Five weeks is not much time, so Red immediately sends a message with a positive reply. He is careful to add Lord Lizardthroat seems a reasonable fellow and he looks forward to meeting him.
While waiting for the exchange to take place, Trak uses his time to familiarize himself with the local geography and survey the coastal areas for resources and a possible foundry location. Lord Ran loans him the use of a horse and allows him to wander about in the company of two guards, who act more like guides than jailers.
***
In a tavern in Westhaven, Trak and his escorts enjoy the local ale. At the next table sits not only a man and a cross-breed but also a full-blooded goblin. Lukin, one of his guards, explains, “It is our custom to bring war prisoners back to the kingdom and use them as slave labor. They work mostly in the mines. Eventually, some gain their freedom, move out of the mines and find work in the towns. They generally marry other goblins but cross-breeding also happens.”
“How are outsiders accepted?” Trak inquires, still surprised to find those he thinks are natural enemies sitting at the same table.
Stam, the oldest of his guard, explains, “It depends on where ye be. In rural villages and in noble houses, people be committed to keeping their bloodlines pure. Here in the city, attitudes be more tolerant. Outsiders be useful in generating trade with foreign lands. The kingdom be split between those that want to blame outsiders for all our problems and those that see outsiders as a source of cheap labor.”
At another table Trak sees two men with skin browner than he has ever seen. They speak a tongue that Trak never imagined existed. “What about them?” Trak asks. “Are they outsiders?”
“Oh, you mean the Southerners. I’ve not seen ‘em here ‘fore. They probably be traders who arrived on a foreign ship.”
Trak thinks he knows a little about geography, but his escort is describing a world beyond what Krage taught in his lessons. He asks Stam to describe the world. “When it comes to the four corners, I’m not the one to query. Let’s ask that sailor friend of mine.” He calls to a man standing near the entrance who comes over and joins them. “Hello, Ben, This here is Trak. He just arrived from the north and wants to know the places you sail to when you ‘ead out to sea.”
The sailor stares at Trak and notes his primitive leather clothes. He regards the strange, barbaric tattoo that is partially exposed under Trak’s vest. The sailor thinks, a wild cross-breed fresh out of the north. He looks like a character out of a bard’s tale. Ben begins, “I mostly sail to the kingdoms on this continent, but twice I have crossed the Southern Sea and visited ports in the south lands.” Trak takes out a small knife and asks the sailor to sketch a map of the world. The sailor scratches the two continents on the tabletop; he knows in detail every bend in the coastline and every dangerous shoal and landmark along the way. His life depends on it.
“We be here.” Ben points to the west coast of the northern continent. “The goblins occupy the far north. The remainder of the continent be divided into five kingdoms all ruled by men or, more truly, four men and one women.” Ben scratches lines to indicate the boundaries. “A four week sail to the south brings you to a much larger continent. Merchants from the northern continent have trading colonies in all the desirable harbors. I’ve heard wild nomadic tribes and an elfin kingdom inhabit the interior. It is said to be a deserted wasteland with active volcanoes.”
“What does one find if one sails east or west?” Trak asks. Ben looks at Trak like he is a complete idiot. “Anyone daft enough to try would be eaten by sea monsters or eventually reach the edge and fall into a dark abyss.”
Trak is delighted with what he has learned that morning. The world is much more interesting than he imagined. He tries to remember what Krage taught during his lessons. Trak thinks it strange that Krage never mentioned the southern continent. Certainly, he must have known.
Trak and his escort journey south down the coastal road. They pass small villages and scattered farms before arriving at an area that is only sparsely inhabited. Whereas the area around the port city is much like the rocky soil found on the Isle of Uisgebeatha, the land half a day’s walk to the south contains twisted basalt formations left by ancient volcanoes. In the late afternoon they reach a place where the coastal road descends into a valley made barren by an old lava flow. The basalt formation is fractured into chunks and riddled with lava tubes. It reminds Trak of Dragon’s Belly, far to the north.
A small stream cuts deeply into the basalt. It carries water falling on the eastern mountains to a small, protected cove. The forests Trak passes through have been stripped bare of hardwoods used in the construction of the port city. But south of the lava beds, the forest still contains the oaks and hickories Trak needs to make charcoal. He recognizes the lava fields have no agricultural value, but are a suitable location for his iron works.
Where the road crests the ridge and enters the valley, Trak will build his residence. He envisions a broch much like the one Krage occupied on the Isle of Uisgebeatha, standing on the edge of the cliff overlooking kilns and workshops. In addition to a smithy, Trak envisions a dormitory and kitchen for workers. Stone for building lay about in large quantities. With Lord Ran paying the bill, Trak indulges his fantasies.
As Trak explores the ridge overlooking the valley, he is surprised to encounter a stone circle and ruins of a monastic building that resembled those found in the goblin kingdom. “This looks like a goblin building,” Trak announces.
Stam replies that he guesses it was possible. “Goblins once occupied the lands around here but were driven out centuries ago.” The information is a revelation to Trak. It is his first inkling that the goblin kingdom once occupied the entire northern continent.
It is early evening and too late in the day to return to the baron’s castle, so they make camp. After consuming a meal, Trak expresses the desire to walk through the lava field. The guards are in no mood to take a long hike, but Lukin grudgingly indulges Trak’s request.
Trak heads in the direction of a volcano to the east and crawls over the basalt flow for an hour. Finally, Lukin baulks and Trak suggests, “Why don’t we rest before going back? I want a few minutes to sit and experience the night air.”
“If you want to sit, you can do that back at camp,” Lukin complains impatiently.
When they return to camp it is late. Lukin joins Stam in a deep sleep. Trak sits several yards away from the sleeping guards. He wants to determine if there is enough volcanic activity beneath the surface to allow him to project his spirit. He is surprised how easily the tingling sensation enters his fingers. Lava must be flowing close to the surface. When Trak is ready, he sends his spirit back to Uisgebeatha to seek the old goblin. He finds her spirit seated on the floor of her cave. Her spirit form is so youthful that Trak recognizes her mostly by her unmistakable smile. “Hello Grandson, what brings ye here?” she asks.
“No special reason, I miss your company,” he replies.
“Heck hinnie! I sense ye be in the south. Be ye sound?” she queries.
“I am safe but under guard. Lord Lizardthroat has deposed King Giforing and is sending King Red’s queen south. Melkerei hopes to exchange the queen for me, but I am not safe in the capital. Melkerei has already tried to have me killed on several occasions. I intend to stay in the south where Melkerei can’t get his hands on me.”
“For the moment, that seems wise. Did ye know that Krage be headed south to intercept the queen before she be handed to King Red?”
Trak reflects on this new information and replies, “What does Queen Meriem want? Perhaps allowing her to return to the south is best if it brings peace between the kingdoms. I have reason to believe that she will not be harmed when she returns.” He adds, “Please inform the Thaumaturgist of my decision to remain in Bretwalda.”
“Why don’t ye contact him directly? Ye will find him travelling along the Razor’s Back. Ye can explain the situation in the south better than I.”
Trak wakes to see Lukin standing over him watching the blue glow that envelopes him dissipate. “What is that blue light all about?” asks Lukin. “I thought you might be in some kind of trouble.”
“It is nothing,” Trak suggests. “It is just something that happens when goblins meditate.” Trak can see that Lukin is not buying his explanation. He decides to wait for another time before seeking Krage. He is still angry with his father and in no hurry to reestablish contact.
The next day Stam and Lukin escort Trak back to Baron Teiber’s castle. It is already early autumn, and Trak is concerned that he wouldn’t get his kilns and workshops built before the winter arrives. Lord Ran reassures him that the clime in the south is mild and work will continue. Lord Ran shows Trak’s plans to the baron’s craftsmen. They estimate that all work will be completed by the following summer. The plans are detailed. Lord Ran decides to begin construction since it is uncertain how soon Trak will return to the south after the exchange. He is excited and doesn’t want to delay. He orders the construction of the dormitory to house the workers who will build the smithy.
The baron grants Trak access to his library, but it does him little good. Northern men and goblins both speak a similar dialect of the common tongue, but their scripts are different and the books are all written in a script Trak can’t read. Learning the script is a priority.
King Red summons Trak to his fortress. It is time to move toward the border where the exchange will take place. Trak frets. He discusses his concerns with Lord Ran. “How will King Red respond if Krage succeeds in rescuing the queen? If Melkerei doesn’t show with the queen, the king will certainly be outraged and unpredictable. Will Red turn his anger against me?”
“It is likely,” Ran replies.


Chapter 17

Razor’s Back: The Earth Spirit Speaks

Walking the Razor’s Back in the height of summer, Myrel’s spirit soars. She is free of the temple, the prison and underground city. Every step takes her farther into a new world. Her father walks before her and two good friends are by her side. The four-day walk to Dragon’s Belly gives her time to ponder what she will do after they rescue her mother. Krage reasons that until it is safe to return to the capital, they should all remain in hiding. He suggests that Myrel make for the Isle of Uisgebeatha, not to the duke’s castle because that is too conspicuous, but to his mother’s cave in the forest. Krage plans to take Queen Meriem to the east coast where they can hide in an enclave of Septan followers. Grenab and Alexia are free to accompany him or travel their own road.
Myrel asks her father’s, “How can I use my time meaningfully while living in the forest?”
“Most anything you truly want to pursue can be done on the island as easily as in the city.”
Myrel replies, “I liked tending the sick in the city’s prison.”
“Perfect! Krage responds. “There is no better person to teach you how to care for the sick than your grandmother. The islanders will benefit from having a healer at their disposal.” Myrel eagerly mulls over the prospect as the party makes its way toward Dragon’s Belly.
It is clear to Krage and Myrel that Alexia and Grenab are developing a special feeling for each other. The two sit alone and talk softly about their future. Grenab is unsure where his loyalties belong. He wants to be with Alexia, but he is the king’s man, and King Giforing is now held prisoner. The king would pardon Grenab were he returned to power. Grenab might even regain his former position as a member of the king’s guard. Alexia fears for his life. She is sure he will be killed if he attempts to return to the city and aid the king. She tries to persuade Grenab to follow Krage to the eastern side of the kingdom and hide in the distant enclave. Grenab dithers as the party nears Dragon Belly and tensions grow. Rescuing the queen might not be easy, and neither Grenab nor any of his companions is certain to survive the attempt.
On the fourth evening, the rescuers reach the lava fields and hide just inside the trees that overlook the basalt flows. In the afternoon of the fifth day, Lord Lizardthroat arrives. He orders his captains to set up camp north of the lava fields. After Krage locates the queen’s tent and assesses the placement of the camp guard, the rescuers move deeper into the trees. There they plan the rescue.
“It is as I hoped,” says Krage. “The side of the camp that abuts the lava field has been left unguarded. They trust the rough terrain to protect their back. We will split into two groups. Alexia and Grenab will move to the north side of the camp and in the early morning create a minor distraction that will draw the guards’ attention. Myrel and I will approach the camp from the lava field and rescue the queen. Myrel will then guide her mother to our hiding place. My job is to lead Melkerei’s police as far from you as possible. I will rejoin you here when it is safe, and we will make our way into the mountains to the east.”
At dark, Krage and Myrel circle the camp out of sight of the guards and enter the lava field. It takes a couple of hours to negotiate the lava beds and position themselves. After midnight, Alexia and Grenab light a large campfire on top of a rise a league from Lord Lizardthroat’s camp. The fire is far enough away that it appears to present no threat, but it worries the captain in charge of the watch. “Why would someone make a large fire in the middle of the night?” He sends four scouts to investigate.
“Stand ready to aid me if I run into trouble,” Krage instructs Myrel. He crawls into Melkerei’s camp and cuts a rent in the back of the queen’s tent. Ten minutes later, Myrel sees her mother and father climb through the rent and head in her direction. She worries; everything is going too smoothly. As her parents scramble to where she is hidden in the lava field, a guard spots the escaping queen moving with her accomplice. They have a five-minute head start; but it is not enough to outrun the guards who make up the distance quickly. Krage hasn’t forgotten the lava tube where he and the king retreated seventeen years before. It is nearby.
When they enter the tube, the pursuing guards think they have their quarry trapped, but Krage climbs the ledge at the back of the tube and pulls Myrel and the queen to the top. He is surprised to find the wall the royal guard hurriedly constructed seventeen years before still standing. He guides them to the small fissure at the back of the tube. Once out, the queen and Myrel hide in a deep fissure while Krage continues on across the lava field. Lord Lizardthroat spots Krage’s glowing blue silhouette moving eerily across the craggy lava and orders his guards in pursuit. The guards chase Krage for an hour before his light suddenly goes out and they can find no trace of him in the complex of fissures.
When Krage returns to the designated hiding place, he finds the others waiting. Queen Meriem and Myrel embrace him warmly. The queen permits the rescuers to savor the moment before she asks, “What will be King Red’s reaction when I don’t show up? His hatred of goblin treachery has already led to two minor wars. How many people will die this time when he exacts his vengeance?”
In their haste to rescue the queen, Krage and his companions minimized the consequences of their actions. The queen allows the implications of her question to register before announcing, “I must go back.”
Krage looks distraught. He has only been recently reunited with the queen after a seventeen-year absence and can’t bear the thought of being separated again. At the same time, he recognizes he is driven by the same selfish impulse that caused him to abduct the queen twenty years before. “You realize that it is not safe to go back. Red may make you suffer for all the grief we have caused him,” is the best argument Krage can offer.
“You are right, but I must go anyway.” Tears gather in the queen’s eyes. Our lives are not worth more than all those who would die so we can be together. Our love has survived one long separation, and it will do so again.”
Lord Lizardthroat paces inside his tent in a panic. What is he going to do? His men search the entire day for the missing queen without finding a trace. He is to meet King Red in four days. He can’t show up empty handed; but to not show up is a diplomatic blunder that would inflame the conflict he is attempting to extinguish. He has no good option. He is trapped. Suicidal thoughts cross his mind; he is certainly willing to give his life if it would get the kingdom out of the fix it is in, but, unfortunately, it will not. He shouts at his guards and threatens his captains with every vile punishment he can imagine, but it is to no avail. Finally, he orders his captains out of his tent and collapses into a restless sleep.
When he wakes, it is dark. He remembers where he is and the horror of his predicament washes over him once again. He looks toward the tent’s door and decides to check with his captains. Of course, if they recovered the queen, he would have been notified. He stands up and is walking toward the door when a voice behind him stops him in midstride. “Good evening, Lord Lizardthroat. I hope I haven’t been too much trouble.”
Melkerei wheels to face the queen seated in a dark corner of the tent. The queen’s face is sad. “Why did you come back?” the surprised commander asks.
“As much as I detest being used as a political pawn, I believe it best for both kingdoms if I go home.”
“I am forever in your debt, Your Highness.” Lord Lizardthroat’s sincerity seems genuine. Melkerei offers the queen his hand and escorts her back to her tent. Krage watches from the lava fields with a sorrowful heart, but is gratified that Melkerei appears more relieved than angry.
In the morning, a sober Lord Lizardthroat orders his guard to move south. They have a lost day to make up. The somber rescuers watch the departure from the trees. When the Blue Daggers have moved out of sight, Krage turns and looks into the faces of his companions. He smiles and speaks softly, “Thank you for your friendship and your loyalty. I have learned much from each of you. It hurts to surrender what I love most, but I must hope that it is for the best.”
“Where will you go now?” Myrel asks.
“I go to Neu Ardonbrae. The king needs my help.”
“Alexia and I will join with ye if ye will have us. I also have an obligation to the king,” adds Grenab.
“And you, Daughter, have you decided where your future lies?”
“There is nothing left for me in the temple. I will journey to Uisgebeatha to learn from Grandmother,” Myrel decides as she speaks.
Myrel says her goodbyes and heads south toward Halban by the Sea. Krage and the others turn toward the mountains and the Razor’s Back. A chapter in their lives has ended, and their futures are far from certain.
***
Myrel has enough coin to replenish her supplies as she passes through a village on her way south. At Halban by the Sea, she learns that Lord Lizardthroat passed through the day before. It is too soon to know how King Red received her mother. At sunset, a fishing boat deposits Myrel at the newly rebuilt dock on the Isle of Uisgebeatha. She looks up the road leading to the castle. How will she find Krage’s mother? She can’t go stumbling around in the woods at night looking for her cave. Krage advised her to go to the village and seek Baelock’s assistance, so she begins trudging up the road. She is still getting her land legs back when an old she-goblin steps in her path. “Welcome, Granddaughter, it is good to meet ye at last.” Myrel is astonished, not just because her grandmother knew she was coming, but also because she recognizes her voice. It is her grandmother’s voice that spoke to her in the catacombs and told her to use the key.
Myrel slows her pace to match her grandmother’s deliberate gait. Together they enter the dark forest and follow the trails to the goblin’s cave. Myrel, of course, doesn’t recognize the change, but since Trak’s departure, Baelock has enlarged the domicile by expanding the wattle and daub wall at the front of the cave. He has fashioned a real door and covered the window with a thin sheet of oiled parchment to transmit light. There is now space for two sleeping pallets. Above her straw pallet, Myrel has her own shelf to store a few belongings. Immediately, Myrel feels at home. She accepts some stew from a pot that hangs over the hearth. Her grandmother proclaims, “I must inform Krage that ye have arrived safely.”
Myrel watches as the old goblin sits on the floor and becomes motionless. The familiar blue glow envelopes the old Spore. The glow creeps across the floor and until it embraces Myrel as well. Myrel feels herself rise out of her body. From the roof of the cave Myrel looks down to see her old grandmother transformed into a young girl who smiles sweetly as she talks to an unseen presence.
At first, Myrel finds it difficult to fit herself into the old goblin’s daily routine. Her grandmother tries to do everything for her, but Myrel insists on doing her part. She begins by collecting firewood against the coming winter and tending her grandmother’s late summer garden. When her grandmother discovers that Myrel’s knowledge of plants is sorely lacking, she exclaims jokingly, “What do they teach ye in that fancy temple school.” More seriously, the old Spore realizes that Myrel’s ability to use her gift is poorly developed. In Krage’s absence, no one in the temple is qualified to give her proper instruction.
“This is no problem we can’t handle,” she assures her granddaughter. “We will have ye sending your spirit in no time at all. Learning to be a healer will take more time, but I am the right one to teach ye,” she brags a little.
***
The goblins are the first to arrive at the exchange location. Lord Lizardthroat hides twenty bolters in the dense thicket before advancing into the meadow. The archers have orders to fire at King Red if the exchange goes badly. Melkerei walks into the meadow trailed by two squads of his elite guard and the porters bearing the queen’s litter. When the men arrive, Melkerei grows nervous. King Red has brought a small army. As the king dismounts and walks toward him accompanied by several nobles, Melkerei catches glimpses of mounted warriors circling the edges of the meadow. “I have walked into a trap,” Melkerei gasps, but it is too late to back away. If he is forced to flee for his life, his hidden bolters would cover him. If King Red intends some treachery, Melkerei would make him pay with his life.
A moment later, Lord Lizardthroat stands looking up at King Red who towers above him. The king does not return his gaze. He is focusing on the queen as she descends from her litter. As she approaches, the king recalls her manner of walk and the warm smile. “It is good to be home, My King.”
The king welcomes his queen with a heartfelt complement, “You look as beautiful as I remember. What became of our child?”
The queen hated to lie, but she had no other recourse. “I fear he died in childbirth. I am so sorry.” Her eyes looked over the nobles who accompanied King Red to the meadow. She spots a tall cross-breed and recognizes her son at once. She has not seen him since Krage took him from the capital seventeen years before.
King Red is pleased by Meriem’s youthful appearance. Surely, she will give me an heir, he thinks. “Lord Lizardthroat, I see that you are as good as your word. As agreed, I give you the son of your sorcerer.”
Trak takes a step forward. He is dressed in fine felt clothing. His black suede boots reach to his knees. He wears his sword, the one named Dragon Fire. It hangs at his side in a silver studded scabbard that was a present from Lord Ran. Trak is becoming concerned. Although courtesies are being exchanged, both sides are tense and ready to fight.
The king proposes, “Let us toast the success of this day.” Servants bring forth goblets filled with wine. As the wine is served to King Red’s nobles and Melkerei’s captains, Red’s eyes stare at the Blue Dagger sigil embroidered on the tunics of the goblins. He realizes, these are the same, screaming squids that attacked my camp a few months ago and killed two hundred of my men with their new iron swords. Their treachery turned what was to be a minor diversionary strike into a costly battle. Anger floods through him. Yes, I have my queen back, but these goblins have not paid for their treachery. When the wine is poured, the king offers a toast to Lord Lizardthroat, “May your reign be long and your posterity numerous.”
Melkerei returns the gesture, “To King Red and Queen Meriem, may your dynasty last forever.” Even Melkerei’s guards, wearing the shields, swords and lizard-helms that Trak personally designed, offer a cheer and clatter their teeth.
King Red sees that his horsemen are ready on his flanks. He has the goblins outnumbered three to one. He has but to say the word and his men will kill every one of these yellow devils. He knows some will say that it was cowardly to attack the enemy under a flag of truce, but most will believe the goblins finally got what they deserve. I can say that the goblin commander drew his sword and tried to kill me, and I had no choice. King Red’s men stand alert. They, too, recognize the opportunity and only wait for the king to give the order to attack.
The ceremony is nearly over. Lord Lizardthroat senses that if he leaves abruptly maybe bloodshed can be avoided. He salutes the king and turns to face his elite guard. As he turns away from King Red, he hears swords being drawn behind him. He turns back to look into angry faces. “So this is how it is going to be.” Melkerei starts to give the order for his bolters to fire when Trak hears Lord Ran shout in his ear, “Do something, Sorcerer!”
At that moment, a ball of blue light shoots from Trak’s hand into the sky. It explodes above the meadow and sends a shower of sparks falling on the assembled. Melkerei and Red stare in amazement and brush away the burning sparks as they settle upon them. Others freeze their gaze on Trak who walks between the two leaders and stands silently for many seconds.
When Trak speaks, the voice is not his own. Everyone in the meadow and in the surrounding trees hears the gently spoken words as if transmitted directly to their consciousness without the need for sound. The voice warns, “The Second Sowing approaches. Go in peace and prepare.”
The anger that engulfed Melkerei a moment before recedes; he turns and leads his guard from the meadow. Red’s nobles help their stunned king mount his horse. The men ride away. Trak is left standing in the meadow. One noble hangs back. It is Ran. “Do you still want me to believe that you are not a sorcerer? What is the Second Sowing?”
“I have no idea,” Trak replies in his own voice. He, least of all, understands what has just happened. After the two pause for a moment in the empty meadow, Lord Ran speaks up, “Are you coming?” Trak follows his new friend and business partner.
Many who are not in the meadow also hear the words. Krage, on the road back to the capital, stops in his tracks when the voice enters his consciousness. He feels a twinge of jealousy that he was not the one through which the Spirit proclaimed her message of peace and preparedness. The old goblin looks up from the seeds she is sorting to glance at Myrel and recognizes the puzzled look on her face. In Holy Mountain, Alrik and several of the clerics hear the words, and what’s more, some have an inkling of what they mean. Alrik says to the assembled clerics, “The First Sowing was when the Spirit led the great migration of creatures out of the Underworld onto the surface of the earth. The Second Sowing will be when the evil that lives in the earth sends forth his minions of dark and foul creatures to annihilate all who live in the sunlit world.”
The prophecy causes panic in the temple. Many clerics prepare to move their families out of Holy Mountain. They assume the invasion from the Underworld will occur from beneath Holy Mountain.
The true believers among Melkerei’s guard are certain the Spirit has spoken. Lord Lizardthroat, who scoffs at the superstitious, is baffled. He is not ready to believe the Earth Spirit has spoken through Trak, but the cross-breed certainly tricked many into believing they heard a prophecy. Somehow Trak caused an explosion and placed a message in his head. The words he heard meant nothing, just religious gibberish. He had planned to trade Queen Meriem for the son. He believes Trak, as Krage’s son, stands in his way of seizing the throne. He intended to eliminate Trak on the return journey to the capital. Now, he is not sure that killing Trak is a good idea. In the end, he decides to spread the story that Trak has betrayed the goblin kingdom and pledged allegiance to King Red. Labeled a traitor, he is as good as dead.


Chapter 18

City of Neu Ardonbrae: The Prison Break

Alexia and Grenab accompanied Krage to Neu Ardonbrae. They travelled urgently, though not with the same enthusiasm they showed when fleeing the city days before.
They enter the city at night; the streets are quiet. They move quickly to Humock’s residence. “Back so soon? I gather you failed to rescue the queen,” speculates the police captain when they are inside.
“The truth is more complex. We freed Queen Meriem, but in the interest of peace between the kingdoms, she went home to King Red.”
“I’m sorry it didn’t work out. The queen is a perceptive woman.” Humock guesses correctly, “I assume that you have returned to the capital to rescue King Giforing. The excitement in the city is no longer the coup and the imprisonment of the king. People are saying the Earth Spirit has announced the coming of the Second Sowing.” Krage confirms he, too, heard the voice.
Humock continues, “The residents of Holy Mountain have begun to desert the temple. The citizens are angry with Lord Lizardthroat for not being here to protect them. A story is circulating that several squads of Secret Police were butchered deep in the mountain by hordes of white goblins. I talked to a soldier who claimed he was there. The story is apparently true. Everyone is nervous. There have been rumors of white goblins roaming the city at night. My job has become much harder. Looters are having a field day, and there are food shortages because of hording.”
“Do you know where the king is being held?” queries Krage.
“I’ve heard the king and his family were removed from the dungeon and returned to their palace suites where they remain under heavy guard.”
“Where is Hogarth and the members of the royal guard?” asks Krage. “Hogarth is a potential ally. He and his guards are needed to free the king.”
“Some were killed during the coup. The junior members were reassigned to units of the regular army, but Hogarth and his senior officers are being held in the city’s prison. Do you have a plan?”
Krage replies. “Our first task is to free Hogarth.” After the travelers have eaten and rested, they head for the tunnel through which they exited the mountain. Humock travels with them to learn the location of the hidden entrance.
Standing in the entrance, Humock peers down the dark tunnel and asks, “You say if I follow this tunnel, I can reach the temple and even the ruins of Ardonbrae?”
“Yes, but the way is complicated and white goblins and Blue Daggers lurk along the way.”
Humock gives his goodbyes and promises to return in the next day with fresh food. He walks out of the tunnel saying, “Let me know when you are ready to strike; I will give you what support I can.”
It is clear to Krage their best chance of freeing the king is before Lord Lizardthroat returns to the capital. They have only two or three days at most. Grenab knows the palace and can guide them to the king’s residence. The route would take them past several guard stations. Krage considers various ruses he might employ to get past the guards, but in the end concludes he needs more armed support. Once the king is freed, he needs armed men to keep Lord Lizardthroat from recapturing the king. The men he wants are presently locked in the city’s prison. In the morning, he initiates his plan to free Hogarth and his officers.
Grenab and Alexia arrive at the warehouse where the food delivery for the prison is being assembled. Many of the delivery workers recognize Alexia as the temple worker who does voluntary work in the prison. She tells them she has a charitable food delivery. She points to Grenab, who stands by a cart loaded with crates of fresh fruit. “With you permission, my servant and I will accompany you to the prison’s service entrance. I need to deliver the fruit directly to the head cook. He is the only one I trust to fairly distribute the fruit to the prisoners.”
The party easily passes through the back gate of the prison and arrives at the kitchen door. Cook opens the door and allows the deliverymen to offload their carts. He recognizes Alexia at once. Several seconds later he spots Grenab who asks, “Would you give me a hand?” 
Cook helps Grenab carry a heavy crate of apples into the kitchen’s larder. When the deliverymen depart the prison courtyard, Alexia and Grenab hold back. Cook sees them lingering, although he can’t imagine why the two are trying to sneak into the prison. “By the Stones, what is going on?” he asks.
“It is good to see you,” Alexia responds. “The king’s master-at-arms and many of the royal guard are being held in the prison. In short, we have come to free them.”
“Just the two of ye?” Cook inquires.
 “Three actually,” Alexia opens the crate and helps Krage climb out.
“This is the Thaumaturgist. He will help us.” Alexia offers Cook a serious look. “You must decide if you want to be a part of this prison break. If you would rather not get involved in something that may get you killed, say so now and we will tie and gag you. Later, you can say you took no part.”
“I have been in this dung pit 21 years, 2 months and 10 days for stealing leftovers from the kitchen where I served. I figure I’ve paid for my crime. I want out, even if it only gets me an early grave.”
Krage speaks up, “It is good to have you with us. Our plan is simple. We will overpower the guards and free Hogarth and his men. We will then fight our way into the palace and free the king and hide him from Lord Lizardthroat. We believe Hogarth and his men will give us enough armed strength to accomplish the rescue.”
Cook stands silently for a moment and replies, “The best time to strike will be this evening after the changing of the guard. The guards coming on duty bring their appetites with them. They expect us to provide them their supper. We can overpower the jailer who carries the gate keys and then disarm the guards at each checkpoint. Getting out of the prison shouldn’t be much of a problem. But once we are out in the street, I don’t see how we will last long against the Secret Police.”
“There are great risks, but I think I can hide all of us,” Krage counters. “Are there any others in the prison who we can trust?”
“I trust a couple of kitchen workers; they have been here almost as long as I. They are former soldiers who were involved in a tavern fight in which an important noble was stabbed.”
Cook escorts his two coworkers, Krink and Marnad, into a larder. They are surprised to see Grenab and Alexia, whom they remember. “Ye’re back,” quips Krink to Grenab. “What did ye do this time?”
Cook interrupts and explains, “Tonight, with the aid of these friends, I am going to break out. You can either join us or lay low until it is over.”
Krink is in, but Marnad, the other coworker hesitates. Finally, he agrees to participate when he is reassured that there is at least some chance of success. The cooks go about their daily routines while Krage and the others hide in the kitchen’s larder. In the evening Cook enters and announces, “It’s time. We have a problem; Marnad’s feet have gone cold.” Marnad and Krink enter the room. Marnad looks distraught. “I can’t go through with this,” he pleads.
“Very well, you can stay in the kitchen and claim you knew nothing of our scheme,” Krage offers.
Wearing prison garb, Cook, Alexia and Grenab walk the corridor carrying trays bearing bread and bowls of soup. They meet the key master and follow him deeper into the prison. Before they reach the first guard station, Krink emerges from his hiding place and clubs the key master. They leave him unconscious on the stone floor. As they round the bend, the guard at the first gate suspects nothing. He is reaching for his bowl when Krink hammers him with an audible clunk. The only other sound is his bowl clattering on the stone floor.
Cook approaches the next guard and places a knife against his chest. “If ye make a sound you are crow bait. Krink uses the stolen key to open the gate and shoves the guard inside. Cook conducts them to where Hogarth and his officers are caged. They have been locked up for over a month, but didn’t seem worse for their imprisonment. Hogarth strips the guard of his armor and weapons. The prisoners in the adjacent cell hear the activity and plead to be released. Krage is reluctant, but the inmates swear they will start yelling for the guards if they aren’t let out.
With Krink in the lead, the escapees move toward the prison entrance. It seems the last obstacle is the sole guard at the prison’s entrance, but as they approach the middle gate, Krink lungs ahead, dashes through the gate and slams it shut. Hogarth is the first to see what is happening. He attempts to stab the traitor through the bars, but Krink is too quick and after locking the gate, springs back out of reach. Smiling, he announces, “Sorry, Cook. I just figured that if I spoiled your escape, I might walk out of here with a pardon.” Krink turns and runs up the corridor to sound the alarm.
Krage jerks hard on the locked gate. There is no way they can break out before Krink returns with guards. Grenab yells, “I’ll kill the traitor, if it is the last thing I do.” He can’t believe his bad luck. Fate had once again sealed him in the detested prison.
“Wait!” cautions Cook. “There is yet reason to hope.”
***
A moment later, footsteps are heard in the corridor. Marnad emerges in the dim light. He holds a blood-stained kitchen knife in his right hand and the gate keys in his left. Marnad says, “Cook thought Krink might try something, so he told me to pretend to have cold feet.”
Grenab is relieved to see the gate open. He takes the lead and dispatches the guard who mans the main entrance to the prison.
Krage’s group holds back as the prisoners who had joined the escape rush out into the street and scatter into the surrounding alleys. They hear the shouts of the City Police who are almost immediately in pursuit. When the streets have quieted, Krage guides his party through the back alleys out of the city and into Holy Mountain’s hidden entrance.
Humock Gutcutter and three of his men are waiting for them when they enter the tunnel. Hogarth draws a sword and has to be reassured that the police captain is there to help. Humock brought food and fresh clothing, including several tunics that bear the Blue Dagger sigil. “I thought you might need these to pass undetected into the palace.” Hogarth’s men help themselves to a cache of swords deposited on the ground.
Humock says, “I wish I could join you in the king’s rescue, but I will be more useful if I remain in the city to assist you if something goes wrong. Take Saliger with you. He is a good fighter and knows the palace well.”
Krage explains to Hogarth and his officers, “We will proceed through the passages and take the corridor from the temple to the palace. Once in the palace, Hogarth will direct us to the king’s residence.
Hogarth asks, “Where will we hide the king after the rescue?”
“We will return to this tunnel where we will be safe for a time. My plan is not subtle or even fully conceived, but I’m certain we must act now before Melkerei returns to the city. His highest priority will be to eliminate the king and have himself crowned.”
Hogarth is anxious to get on with it. He blames himself for the king’s capture. On the night that Melkerei’s police entered the palace and slew the guards protecting the king and his family, Hogarth was asleep. He awoke to find five swords pointed at his chest. He never got an opportunity to defend the king, as is his sworn duty. His escape from the prison gives him what he most hopes for–a chance to redeem himself.
Besides Krage, Alexia, Grenab, Cook, Marnad, and Saliger, Hogarth contributes eight more fighters to the rescue party. Hogarth is confident they have sufficient swords for the task, but Krage cautions Hogarth. “We must first navigate the tunnels. Last time we came through, they were crawling with white goblins and Blue Daggers.”
Hogarth hands a torch to one of his captains and orders, “Lead the way!” Krage and the royal guard follow while Alexia and Grenab fall to the rear. The rescuers move swiftly through the tunnels. They pass the fork leading to the ruins of Ardonbrae. Only a few scattered rat-gnawed bones remain to witness the fighting that took place in the tunnel a fortnight before. As they approach the corridor that connects the temple to the backside of the mountain, the rescuers slow their advance. Two scouts investigate what lies ahead and report two Blue Daggers stand guard. Hogarth and his officers storm through the gap in the wall and the two guards turn and run toward the mountain’s exit. Hogarth begins to give chase but Krage stops him. “I do hate to see goblins killing goblins,” he explains.
“Better get use to the idea,” retorts Hogarth. “There are likely to be many unfriendly goblins between us and the king.”
The party passes through the cavern where the huge stone goblin stands watching. A weak orange glow now illuminates the ceiling. The Stones of Septan are beginning to take on a blood-red glow. “The earth continues to awaken,” Krage reflects. “Perhaps my strength is also waxing.”
Two Blue Daggers stand in the passage leading from the temple to the palace. Hogarth has three of the royal guard don Blue Dagger tunics and walk casually toward the two sentries. The sentries don’t suspect an attack until it is too late. They are tied and left in a side passage. Hogarth hates to waste time, but Krage insists.
As they approach the palace, Hogarth divides the party into two groups. The first group is tasked to protect the escape route while Hogarth guides the second group through the palace kitchens and up the servant’s staircase directly to the king’s private dining room. The rescuers find the king, the queen and the prince in their sleeping garments enjoying a midday meal.
The king is startled by the sight of guards wearing Blue Dagger tunics. He recovers when he recognizes Hogarth and Krage. He seems detached from his circumstances and politely offers his guests tea. A moment later he recognizes Grenab, whom he has not seen in almost two years. “It is good to see you, Grenab. Where have you been?” he asks absentmindedly. King Giforing has grown accustomed to his luxurious captivity and appears far too relaxed to suit Hogarth. “My Liege, you must flee the palace. Melkerei is coming to kill you.” Hogarth exaggerates the immediacy of the threat to get the king moving. The king insists they delay while the royal family dons suitable clothes for the escape.
The captain, tasked with protecting the escape route, rushes in and announces, “A large number of Blue Daggers, including Lord Lizardthroat, has just entered the palace.” Melkerei has returned to the capital within the hour and upon hearing of a prison break, realized immediately that Hogarth’s first order of business would be to free the king. 
Hogarth hears shouting in the feast hall and the clashing of metal swords. They rush back through the underground corridor. Palace servants loyal to the king crowd the corridor and attempt to hinder the pursuers.
When Krage attempts to enter the tunnels beneath the mountain, he confronts scores of Blue Daggers at the passage’s far end. Hogarth curses, “I knew we should have killed the two sentries when we had the chance. Frightened soldiers only stay scared so long,” he reminds Krage.
Krage immediately detours into a corridor leading to the scriptorium. The group enters the storeroom and ascends the staircase to the catacombs. They are able to close the altar’s lid behind them. Their pursuers wait at the base of the staircase for Lord Lizardthroat to arrive and give instructions. Krage counts on the fact that none of the Blue Daggers know that the hidden staircase leads to the catacombs. Within minutes they will discover the lever that frees the altar’s lid and attempt to force their way into whatever lies beyond.
Lizardthroat’s troops find the lever but fear that the narrow passage at the top of the staircase represents a bottleneck. Hogarth’s swordsmen could easily kill them as they attempt to crawl through the opening. Melkerei orders his men to fetch Alrik. “Where does this staircase lead?” Melkerei asks the high priest. 
Alrik replies, “To the catacombs. There is only one other exit and that is kept locked.”
“Take us to the other exit. We have them trapped,” Melkerei exclaims with pleasure. A few minutes later, Alrik unlocks the door to the catacombs, and Melkerei with two squads of Secret Police storm into the crypt. At the same moment, a captain releases the latch that locks the lid on the marble altar and scrambles into the domed chamber. He lifts his lamp to stare into the darkness. The only movements he sees are the shadows of the four stone goblins that support the ceiling dancing across the walls.
Melkerei cautiously moves down the catacombs’ central corridor, peering down the dark intersecting passages. A moment later, his captain runs forward to inform him that he has encountered no one. Melkerei sends pairs of guards down every tunnel. They discover no trace of King Giforing. Melkerei is convinced there must be a hiding place somewhere in the crypts. He searches everywhere. When he begins breaking into sarcophagi, Alrik objects, “What you are doing is sacrilege.”
***
By the next day Melkerei is ready to give up. He assigns four soldiers to guard the crypt. It is possible they are hiding in a secret chamber and will eventually emerge. Of course, Krage, upon entering the catacombs, went directly to the sarcophagus where the key and the map were hidden; he retrieved both and exited via the main entrance and locked the door behind him. He and his accomplices disappeared into a secret passage minutes before Melkerei entered the catacombs.
Of the original fourteen loyalists only eight are left. Four of the royal guard did not made it out of the palace and two more were lost defending the entrance to the scriptorium. Hogarth is proud of his officers. They fell protecting their king, the only honorable death for a member of the Royal Guard.
The escapees return to the secret room where Krage and Myrel stayed a fortnight before. They are surprised to find that someone has augmented their supplies with food, clothing and blankets. Someone else knows about the secret escape passages. What’s more, their mysterious benefactor has anticipated their arrival. The clothing and blankets are put to good use. Alexia and Grenab show the others how to position themselves at key points during the day to eavesdrop on conversations and how to raid the temple at night for food, water and needed supplies. Even the king, who is unaccustomed to performing mundane tasks, tries to assist in the preparation of meals. The party probably can stay hidden in the passages indefinitely, but Krage knows that they cannot tarry.
Krage overhears a temple worker reporting, “Melkerei publically declared the Thaumaturgist led the royal family into the tunnels beneath Holy Mountain where they were massacred by white goblins. Their bodies were unfortunately not recovered. The commander of the Secret Police expressed his sorrow at the loss of the king’s son, the last heir to the throne. He announced that because of his love for the kingdom, he would bow to the wishes of the thousands of citizens who beg him to accept the crown. He announced his coronation will take place in seven days in the Great Hall of the temple, a space large enough to accommodate the entire population of the city.”
Another voice asks, “If Krage is dead who will be the next Thaumaturgist?” 
“Melkerei asked Alrik to become the next Thaumaturgist. Alrik refused. Even if the Thaumaturgist is dead, Krage has two children who are still alive. Melkerei has no interest in bringing Trak back to the capital. He has not forgotten how the cross-breed worked some strange magic during his confrontation with King Red and forced his voice directly into his consciousness.”
Krage struggles, “How can I prevent or at least disrupt the ceremony.” His thoughts drift toward generating an emergency that will preoccupy Lord Lizardthroat. Krage needs to communicate with Humock. Perhaps together they can foil Melkerei’s plans.
Krage leads Grenab and Saliger to the mountain’s hidden exit. There they find food supplies left by Humock. The food is fresh and undisturbed by rummaging animals. They must have just missed the delivery.
It makes sense to send Saliger to find Humock. He is not known to be one of the conspirators and hasn’t escaped from any prison. As a member of the City Police, he is free to walk about the city. Krage and Grenab wait in the tunnel until Saliger returns, bringing word that Humock will join them after dark.
When Humock is sure he hasn’t been followed, he slips into the tunnel and finds Krage, Grenab and Saliger waiting for him. Humock reports that Lord Lizardthroat was furious when he returned to find Hogarth and his men had escaped. He learned from some of the recaptured rabble Krage led the prison break. Melkerei didn’t want the escape of the king to delay his coronation, so he concocted the tale that the royal family was killed by white goblins as they fled the palace. For all he knows, the story might even be true.
Krage focuses on his chief objective. He has to keep Melkerei from claiming the throne. If he can smuggle the king to a safe sanctuary where Melkerei can’t reach him, the king could reappear and publically expose Melkerei’s crude grab for the throne. Humock departs the tunnel with instructions to contact Lord Ellot Fishbeater, the king’s naval commander, and arrange for a small ship to stand ready to transport the royal family to safety.
Krage initiates his plan the following night. He stays behind as Grenab and Saliger guide the others through the mountain to where Humock awaits. Humock leads the party directly to the harbor where Lord Ellot has readied the royal yacht. The celebrated naval commander welcomes the king aboard 
Lord Ellot is still basking in the glory the king bestowed on him after achieving a brilliant victory at the Battle for the Isle of Uisgebeatha in which he destroyed three enemy warships and saved the island by ramming his vessel into the enemy’s harbor fortifications. Lord Ellot even went so far as to commission a well-known artist to paint a large mural depicting the great naval battle. It portrays the commander in his dress uniform climbing out of his wrecked ship and leading a hundred goblins in a charge against an enemy who cowers before him. He likes the way the artist captured his supreme calm, ignoring the burning warships and carnage surrounding him. Lord Ellot intended to present the mural to the king to hang in the feast hall of the palace, but because of the coup it still sits in his office at naval headquarters. Before dawn, the ship sails for the Isle of Uisgebeatha.


Chapter 19

Bretwalda: The New Foundry

Lord Ran is pleased with the turn of events. When Lord Lizardthroat departed the exchange point, he expected Trak to leave with him. He thought it likely that Trak would fall victim to Melkerei’s plotting or simply choose not to return. But instead, Lizardthroat left Trak behind. Ran expected Trak’s enthusiasm for the iron works to be diminished by his experiences in the meadow; but surprisingly, Trak immersed himself in the construction of the kilns.
In the weeks that follow, Trak only once inquires about the fate of his mother. Lord Ran assures him that the queen has reestablished her residence in King Red’s fortress and is doing well. Trak considers visiting, but for the moment it is too risky.
Trak welcomes Baron Teiber’s builders and craftsmen as they arrive at the site of the new iron works. Many of the tools and special materials are already waiting for them or in the process of being delivered. He holds a daily consultation with Lord Ran and his crew chiefs where he issues whatever instructions are needed. Mostly Trak busies himself searching the nearby towns and villages for laborers with useful skills. Trak’s newly earned reputation as a sorcerer precedes him. He finds workers eager to join him and merchants willing to expedite his requests.
His rising iron works quickly becomes a sprawling town. Workers want to build homes for their families and merchants want set up businesses. Trak lays out a grid for a small city. He leaves it to Lord Ran to sell licenses and permits to construct homes and businesses. Trak’s new broch is one of two that are quickly constructed. Lord Ran wants a broch, identical to Trak’s, for his personal use.
As soon as the first kiln is constructed, Trak begins testing ore samples until he is satisfied he can reproduce the same quality steel he made in Neu Ardonbrae and on the Isle of Uisgebeatha. Trak hires and personally trains ten smiths, eight men and two cross-breeds. They are not master smiths, trained in all aspects of metal work, but they quickly learn the business of iron making. By the following summer, all key components of the operation are in place and large-scale production begins. Baron Teiber sends him a weapons designer named Joclin, who is unequaled in his knowledge of combat weapons and aids Trak in designing battle armor and weapons for the baron’s military.
Baron Teiber gives the foundry its first commission. Trak sets up an assembly line to manufacture five hundred lances and shields for his horsemen and five hundred helms for their warhorses. Trak and Joclin combine their skills to design the smithy’s first Dragon Fire weapon, a two-handed broadsword to be wielded by a man in a heavy suit of armor. The swords are not necessarily stronger than the iron weapons the men already have, but their sheer beauty makes them highly prized. To possess a Dragon Fire sword, nobles are willing to pay an amount that would buy a warhorse.
Business is good, but Trak frets the customer base is too small and in a few years, when everyone has a new weapon, the supply of buyers will dwindle to a trickle. Lord Ran is already thinking ahead. The baron’s son has a small dock built in the cove next to the foundry and begins selling weapons to trading ships anchored in the cove. The ships visit the ports of neighboring kingdoms. The exporters enthusiastically spread the tale that Dragon Fire weapons have been manufactured in a volcano using a sorcerer’s magic. Even those that scoff at the tale admit the swords are both beautiful and wickedly effective.
He reserves his special mark for his one-off creations. The mark has evolved from a simple zigzag superimposed on a cross into a serpent-like dragon entwining a flaming sword. Trak takes great pains polishing his creations to insure they sparkle of magic.


Chapter 20

Isle of Uisgebeatha: The Healer

Except for daily walks in the forest, Myrel stays near her grandmother’s cave. She doesn’t want her presence on the island to be noticed by outsiders. She wishes the old goblin owned more books. Reading is a diversion Myrel immensely enjoys. She does find an old book of ballads among her grandmother’s library on plant lore. When she stumbles on the Song of Ethor, she thinks of Trak. She wishes she could see him again. She knows it is silly, but she suspects she was falling in love with the strange cross-breed when events in her life separated them. Romance is a feast she hungers for but one she has little chance of tasting.
Myrel tries to absorb the medical wisdom that pours out of the old Spore without ceasing. Myrel is frustrated she remembers only a fraction of what her grandmother teaches. The grandmother also sees the problem. One morning the castle’s smith, a goblin named Baelock, appears at the cave. He stares at Myrel so intently she feels uncomfortable. She assumes he is gawking over her cross-breed features. That very afternoon, he returns with a half dozen medical tomes and a thick stack of parchment he borrowed on the old goblin’s behalf from the Duke of Uisgebeatha.
Her grandmother insists that Myrel copy the illustrations of human anatomy until she is able to label the components. The Meg then explains the role of each organ and how various poisons and diseases affect normal function. Myrel asks, “How can I learn medicine without attending to patients?” 
“That will come later, but first ye have to learn basics.” Meg brings home snared rabbits, and has Myrel perform vivisections on their corpses before depositing the best parts in the stew pot.
For Myrel, the most interesting part of her dissections is seeing how the same organ in two different animals changes in size and shape to meet each animal’s particular needs. Earthworms have a big intestine but no identifiable brain. The scapula of a burrowing mole is huge in comparison to the rest of its skeleton. Its skeleton is altered to make the forelimbs into powerful shovels. Many of Myrel’s observation would seem commonplace to a child raised by a farmer or a butcher, but for a child raised in Holy Mountain, the study of anatomy is an exotic pursuit. Myrel and Meg build a collection of skeletons from the animals they trap or find dead in the forest. They boiled the carcasses to remove the flesh. Both agree the boiling is best done out of doors where the stench of flesh doesn’t invade the cave. From the old goblin, Myrel learns to suture using strips of rabbit gut. With a sharp needle, she practices sewing together sliced tissues.
“To know plants is to know medicine,” Meg reminds Myrel time and again. By the end of the following summer Myrel has mastered the basic medicinal plants. She learns to operate the copper worm distillery and can independently collect and prepare the powders, tinctures and extracts needed to treat the sick. When she is ready, her grandmother sends her out to collect the nine sacred herbs. Like Trak she fails to find Atterlothe. It puzzles Meg that so many fail to find the illusive cure for the venom of the rock viper.
Myrel asks her grandmother how she came to live on the island. The old goblin explains she came eighteen years ago at the request of Krage. She found the forest fascinating she has no desire to leave. The old goblin never mentions Trak, and Myrel has yet to realize she has a twin brother.
Learning to project her spirit is difficult for Myrel. It is not that she lacks ability, but the island is far from an active volcanic flow, the source of the power that feeds her gift. Meg and her granddaughter sit together on the floor of the cave. When Myrel is able to generate a faint glow and see the young spirit of her grandmother sitting beside her, Meg grasps her hands and together they soar over the countryside like a high flying hawk, only faster. Soon they are over the capital city, and her grandmother directs her toward the temple; they alight on the balcony where Myrel spent so much of her childhood. Her former home is empty.
Myrel wishes her mother had been there. Her grandmother sees her sadness and together they return to the cave. When they emerge from their trances, Myrel asks Meg if it is possible to visit her mother to see if she is all right. The old goblin explains that since her mother lacks the gift, it will be difficult to find her. Perhaps if they learn exactly where she is, it will be possible.
***
Once the royal family is safely out of the capital, Krage does not hesitate to undermine Melkerei’s credibility. He uses his contacts to circulate rumors that the royal family is very much alive and has taken refuge on the Isle of Uisgebeatha. Melkerei’s spies confirm the presence of the royal family in Duke Amin’s castle. The news of the royal family’s exile brings the kingdom to the verge of civil war. Melkerei considers mounting an invasion of the Isle, but is uncertain if he still has the support of the military commanders. Lord Lizardthroat is forced to postpone his coronation. He doesn’t dare crown himself king while King Giforing and his son are very much alive and supported by many of the nobles who have grown tired of the Melkerei’s dictatorial rule and clumsy handling of state affairs. Melkerei finds his supporters drifting away from him. One military commander even stags a blundering attempt to have Melkerei assassinated. The attempt fails miserably, but it makes Melkerei more cautious; he no longer is seen in public.
***
On the Isle of Uisgebeatha, Dorla, the duke’s niece, suddenly finds herself in daily contact with the king’s son, the pimple-faced boy to whom she is betrothed since birth. In all fairness, she admits he has lost most of his pimples, but he still seems immature when compared to Trak, the youth who risked his life to save her from captivity. She tries to slow the inevitable by avoiding her cousin’s company, which is hard because every night the king’s family joins the duke’s for the evening meal. She spends her days in her room. She is living her captivity all over again. When she can’t remain in her room a day longer, she wanders the forest. She goes searching for the cave where Trak unceremoniously deposited her on the night of her rescue. When she finds the cave, Dorla calls out to Meg and is surprised when the door opens and she is looking up at a tall, cross-breed girl. “I am Dorla, the duke’s niece. Is the old goblin at home?” 
Myrel returns her greeting, “Welcome. I’m Myrel.” She invites Dorla into the cave. The old goblin sits at her table examining a small flower under her magnifying glass. Meg welcomes the duke’s niece but keeps on sketching her flower while Myrel pours tea.
Dorla notes that while the old goblin may have forgotten her social graces, Myrel’s manners are regal. She surpasses Krage’s ability to speak using the gestures and embellishments of the court language. The cross-breed’s plain robe can’t conceal her high-born status. Where has such an odd but elegant creature come from? Why is she here? Is she hiding? Dorla knows it is impolite to be too direct with her questions, and Myrel reveals only that she came to the island to study the art of healing.
Dorla has spent her entire life in a male dominated world. Her uncle and cousins talk only of military readiness and battles. She never had a female companion to share her secrets. Dorla believes at once that she and the mysterious cross-breed will be close friends. Perhaps the strange girl will reveal more of her secrets when she is ready. As for Myrel, she was only a few months ago ripped from her circle of childhood friends; she welcomes the friendship that Dorla offers.
The daily routine for both girls changes as their friendship blossoms. Dorla abandons the seclusion of her room. Each afternoon she joins Myrel in the forest. Myrel relates to her what she studied that morning. The summations help Myrel retain what she is learning. Dorla pays attention. She wants to be like Myrel and acquire skills of her own. The thought of wedding the king’s son keeps her seeking an alternative.
Dorla is repelled by the vivisections Myrel finds so fascinating, but she enjoys plant lore and studies it voraciously. The old goblin recognizes the duke’s niece has a keen intellect and retains information more readily than Myrel. When her uncle asks her where she goes when she disappears each afternoon, Dorla informs him that she is studying to be an herbalist. The duke can’t see what good will come of it, but she is the happiest he has ever seen her. He does nothing to discourage her. She and Myrel forage for plants. They select those with medicinal properties as well as collect edible varieties. Dorla is determined to improve the dining fare in the duke’s banquet hall. Even the king complains the duke’s table reminds him of an army field kitchen.
Although the king’s son, whose name is Lorring, sees little of Dorla, he begins to enjoy his life on the island. Farg’s brothers introduce the prince to their rigorous routine of daily military training. Lorring shows promise. His skill with arms improves and his physical strength develops. In time he takes on the look of a fighter. Dorla begins to take notice of Lorring at the same time the lad begins to think of nothing else but attacking the mainland and restoring his father to the throne.
***
Dorla dithers about whether the prince loves her. The old goblin suggests she consult a daisy-oracle. Dorla laughs. She doesn’t think plucking petals from a flower can reveal if someone loves you. But the old Spore stands firm. She waxes poetically about the prescience of plants. “The flowers speak a language all their own. They have many things to teach us. Vervain will make people fall in love with one another if it is harvested at the summer solstice. A jilted lover may wear a garland made of Willows to sooth his pain. The gift of the herb Paris declares one’s love for another. Columbine speaks of sadness and Ivy that clings to a wall teaches us of fidelity. Woodbane twists around a tree like lovers wind themselves in each other’s arms.”
Baelock maintains a single kiln for forging iron. With the war over, the demand for swords dropped to a trickle. He is satisfied creating iron equivalents for useful copper tools. Iron cooking pots are an improvement over copper because they hold heat better and are more durable. He even sends a peace gesture in Wreen Wormclaw’s direction. He teaches the metal smith from across the island the secrets of iron making. Together, they make iron blades for plows that cut deeply into the rocky soils of the island. Two years have passed since Trak left the island and Baelock is getting restless; he is ready to return to the capital.
Lord Lizardthroat remains Neu Ardonbrae’s dominant politician, but he relinquishes, for the moment, his dream of being crowned king. The other nobles don’t want one of their class to be elevated above them. They enjoy their freedom from new taxes and royal demands the king’s absence affords them. The fear of a white goblin invasion that swept the capital two-years before has dissipated. Life in the city has returned to normal. Only the empty palace reminds the citizens of past political intrigues.
Gradually the nobles grow dissatisfied. They miss the gala festivities the king staged and the pomp and ceremony that placed them at the center of attention. In comparison to the king, Lord Lizardthroat is a dull bureaucrat who squanders the kingdom’s treasury on the huge Secret Police force and standing army. They have forgotten the excitement that came with the discovery of iron and the massive military buildup that followed. True, Melkerei has eased the tensions between the goblin realm and King Red’s kingdom, but a large military is no longer needed. The nobles label the commander of the Secret Police an uninspiring, ineffective and overly despotic bureaucrat. They talk of inviting the king back to the palace. The business with King Red’s queen is over. Queen Meriem has gone home, and King Red displays no more interest in attacking the goblin kingdom. Shouldn’t the monarchy be restored? 
No one had any idea what has happened to the Thaumaturgist. Some believe Melkerei’s story that he was killed by white goblins, but others remembered how he disappeared once before only to turn up seventeen years later.


Chapter 21

Dragonton, Bretwalda: Trak Speaks to His Mother

A year after the iron works began operation, Dragonton, as the community became known, had a royal visit. King Red came to see for himself if all he heard was true. His men erected his pavilion on the ridge overlooking the iron works. The tents housing the king’s servants and guards covered the ridge and surrounded the brochs where Trak and Lord Ran lived. The two partners welcomed the king and provided him with a tour of the facility. The king complements the partners, “I am impressed by the size of the operation and its output. It is clearly more efficient than my royal iron works. “I want you both to accompany me back to my fortress, study the royal operation and make suggestions for its improvement.” Trak and Ran could only comply. They had hoped to become the king’s source of iron goods, but it seemed the king had other ideas.
When Trak and Ran arrive at King Red’s fortress, the king’s new military commander greets them. Trak is pleased to notice that the commander carries a sword with his Dragon Fire mark stamped on its blade. The new commander, the Baron of Northvale, replaced Ran’s father a few months back when the king decided that fresh blood was needed to deal with a threat on his eastern border. His eastern neighbor, the kingdom of Queen Fae, was becoming increasingly militant, and border incidents were now common. Also, the king, in all fairness to Ran’s father, recognized that the invasion of the Isle of Uisgebeatha consumed much of the baron’s personal wealth, and he wanted to allow his liegeman the chance to financially recover. Being the commander of the king’s army was an honor that came at a high price.
The two business partners are given separate quarters in the fortress. Trak hopes his visit will offer the opportunity to see his mother, but he would have to be careful. He still publically professes that his mother is Queen Meriem’s lady in waiting. Trak asks for a tutor to instruct him in the writing of the human script that fills the books in the royal library. Since the oral language is similar to goblin speech, Trak, within a few days, begins to work out what is written in the books. The librarian does not give Trak free access; he has not forgotten the infamous theft in which Krage stole the secret of iron. The librarian only loans him books he considers non-sensitive. A library assistant, Thane, is assigned to watch his every move.
Trak and Ran inspect the royal smithy and find the forging techniques used by the royal smiths unsophisticated. They rely on small kilns powered by hand bellows. Their process is laborious and only produces small quantities of wrought iron. They have not discovered how to scale up their operation and streamline their division of labor. Lord Ran finds limitations in the marketing and distribution of their finished goods. Royal proclamations make it impossible to procure a sword directly from the foundry. If a noble wants a sword, he has to beseech the king and pay an exorbitant tax to the royal treasury. The business partners compile their recommendations for improving the royal operation in a document that Lord Ran delivers to the military commander. Trak expects the king to thank them for their help and to send them on their way.
While they wait, Trak stays occupied reading books on the religious beliefs and history of men. He discusses with Thane similarities between the creation myths of men and goblins, “According to both versions, a legendary hero led a rebellion that resulted in a mass exodus of creatures to the surface of the earth. Both the human and goblin creation myths maintain an evil ruler lingers in the Underworld, preparing for the day when he will invade the surface and gain dominion over all life. Each day his magic grows more powerful. Both myths foretell a descendent of the first hero will lead the inhabitants of the earth in a final battle. The outcome is not foretold in either story; it depends on the willingness of the surface inhabitants to work together.” Trak thanks Thane for his help and invites the young scholar to Dragonton.
It does not escape Trak’s notice that he is perhaps the only one in history to be a member of two lineages that both claim to be the loins through which a great hero will arise. Trak thinks it ironic that in his case, this link is more likely to get him killed.
Trak discusses the legend with Ran. Ran assures him that the myth is still very much believed. It is the reason the king must be a descendent of the queen’s house, for that is the lineage begun by the first hero. “Will the existence of the legend improve my chances of surviving should King Red discover who my mother really is?” Trak asks.
“Probably just the opposite. The king is not known for his religious fervor. He will label you a false pretender and eliminate you to ensure his dynastic line prevails,” Lord Ran speculates.
There is a knock at the door. Trak goes to see if it is their expected summons from the king. He opens the door to face his mother. She glances down the hall in both directions before slipping into the room. Trak offers an embrace, but senses a reticence on the queen’s part. When he realizes that it is because of Lord Ran presence, he reassures her, “He knows.” His mother then smiles and returns his embrace.
Queen Meriem says, “I can’t believe I am finally talking to you. Do you realize how many years I’ve waited? I heard you were in the castle; I was afraid that you would leave before we talked.”
“I, too, have wanted to meet with you, but it is not safe. You cannot stay.”
“Only a moment, then. I wonder if your friend Lord Ran can arrange for us to exchange messages. I would very much like to know of your childhood and what you are now doing.”
Lord Ran interrupts, “It might be possible, but I recommend you adopt some subterfuge to disguise your messages so no one discovers the link between you.”
Trak ponders for a moment. “As you suggest, Lord Ran. Mother, I am gladdened to speak to you at last, but please go.”
The military commander visits the next day with word that the king is pleased with the report. “He gives you his leave to depart.” Ran thinks it odd that they are dismissed without an audience. He follows the commander into the hall and asks for an explanation.
The commander apologetically explains, “The truth is, Lord Ran, the king doesn’t trust Lord Trak. He is convinced the cross-breed is a sorcerer like his father and wants to avoid his mind controlling powers.”
Trak hands Ran a message he has hastily penned for his mother. The prose is awkward, a result of having to avoid real names and places. In the message, Trak summarizes his life on the Isle of Uisgebeatha. He holds back nothing. He confesses his anger with his father for hiding the truth from him, but acknowledges that he shared meaningful experiences with Baelock and his grandmother. He refers to his departure from the island as an escape from a world that cares nothing for cross-breeds.
Ran insists on reading the epistle before he delivers it. With a quill he marks out words like “cross-breed” and substitutes expressions like “those who are different.”
When he returns, he brings a message from Queen Meriem. He hands it to Trak and says, “Your mother has more of a knack for writing clandestine letters than you.”
The letter is addressed to her Aunt Mabol. In it, she explains that she is glad to be back in her homeland. “Although I had all I needed, I never became accustomed to the north. There were those who didn’t want me to return home, but I convinced them that it was in the best interest of the two kingdoms. The king has been most considerate since my return, and I hope to quickly present him with an heir. Perhaps, then, I will be able to come for a visit. Thank you for your kindness. Auntie, I feel blessed to have you to confide in.”
From the queen’s example, Trak takes his cue. He assumes the identity of Auntie and writes lengthy letters. He doesn’t know how much useful information his mother extracts from his misdirected statements, but it is wonderful just to share.


Chapter 22

Neu Ardonbrae: Tironock’s Gambit

When the royal family escaped to the Isle of Uisgebeatha, Grenab, Alexia and Cook went with them as far as Halban by the Sea where they disembarked and headed across the mountains for the enclave Krage mentioned as a possible safe haven. The trio carried documents they’d been given by King Giforing pardoning them for any crimes they may have committed. With the king in exile, they didn’t think the royal pardon was worth much in the capital, so they selected the southeastern corner of the kingdom to start new lives.
Krage stayed behind in the temple. He had occasional contact with Saliger and Humock, but for months he stayed hidden in the secret passages. He would emerge at night and borrow books from the temple library or make a quick visit to his former apartment to retrieve some needed article. There was always food to be found in one of the temple’s kitchens. For a time it was relaxing.
Eventually, Krage became restless and began exploring the city beneath Holy Mountain. It was a dangerous business, but he was pleased to find the white goblins had retreated once more deep into the earth. He encountered no sign of the Underworld inhabitants in the tunnels or the ruins of Ardonbrae. Krage scoured the ancient city for old documents. He sought to learn why the city had been abandoned. Krage hypothesized volcanic activity increased and forced the inhabitants out of the city. But that didn’t explain why in so many domiciles, it appeared that the inhabitants fled after sitting down to eat, taking none of their belongings with them. That is when Krage grimly realized that volcanic activity drove the creatures of the Underworld into the city, forcing its inhabitants to flee for their lives. It must have been shear madness to experience such an event.
Krage discovered he could more easily summon the power of the earth the deeper he descended, but there was a drawback. Deep in the mountain, he was unable to project his spirit across the surface of the earth. He lost contact with his mother and couldn’t sense the presence of his two children. He was relieved Trak was where Melkerei couldn’t reach him, and happy that Myrel was studying with her grandmother. He had no information regarding Queen Meriem and that concerned him. Perhaps, when he ascended out of the depths of the volcano, he would contact Trak; he might know something.
Krage was in the ruins of Ardonbrae, sitting in the upper floor of an administrative building near a window where he could benefit from the light generated by the lava flowing in the chasm at the edge of the city. He happened to look out the window and see a hundred armed subterraneans marching into the city. It was too late to run. He hid as best he could under a bench in the far corner of the room and waited. He heard the goblins pass the window and continue through the city. Relieved that the wraiths were unaware of his presence, he moved to the window and watched the goblins disappear up the steps that lead to the surface. No sooner had the formation disappeared from view when Krage spied a second troop emerging at the far end of the city. During the next hour, he watched a dozen formations head for the surface.
What is their destination and purpose? Krage wondered. The most likely explanation is they were preparing to attack the temple or even the city. He tried sending out a warning. By now, the first group of attacking goblins was nearing the caverns beneath the temple. Krage calmed his mind and tried again to reach someone in the temple. There were few in the Septantrak who possessed the ability to hear his call. Perhaps Alrik will hear. “Flee the temple, white goblins are coming.” Krage sent the same thought again and again.
***
While Krage strains to project his warning to Alrik, formations of wraiths enter the caverns below the temple. The Blue Daggers guarding the chambers see the white goblins emerge from fissures and run toward the mountain’s rear exit. It would take more than an hour for their warning to reach the city.
Inside the temple, Alrik Redeyes sits at a table signing supply orders when he senses Krage’s warning. Krage seems far away and his message muffled, but soon its content registers, “Flee, white goblins are coming.” Alrik doesn’t hesitate. He races down the corridor to the alarm levers embedded in the stone wall. Each lever closes a ventilation shaft that sucks fresh air into the temple. When all but one shaft is closed, the air rushing into the shaft splits as it crosses a metal plate. A harmonic sound is generated that echoes through the corridors and out the top of the mountain. The warning is heard in the city as the white wraiths begin entering the lowest levels of the temple.
In the city, Lord Lizardthroat is meeting with the City Police captain, Humock Gutcutter, when a low continuous harmonic tone emanates from Holy Mountain. Lord Lizardthroat stops what he is saying to ask, “What is that noise?”
Humock replies, “It is the temple’s warning signal. A steady blast means the Septantrak is under attack.” 
Melkerei immediately remembers the white goblins that butchered a hundred of his troops two years before. “Muster all available soldiers; we march on the temple in ten minutes.” Captain Humock races from the Blue Daggers’ headquarters and into the streets. He sends guards scurrying through the city to collect as many of his police as can be found. In ten minutes he and his City Police are rushing toward Holy Mountain behind a hundred of Melkerei’s secret police.
The residents of the Septantrak are streaming out the delivery entrance when the police arrive. They have reacted to the warning but can’t say why the alarm has sounded. Inside the temple, the half-naked wraiths are chasing the remaining occupants through the corridors. The attackers waive their swords and appear ferocious but they allow the temple occupants to escape unharmed.
After sounding the alarm, Alrik runs to the scriptorium to secure its precious manuscripts. He begins ferrying armfuls of documents up the secret staircase and dumping them on the floor of the catacombs. When he has the most important manuscripts hidden, he enters the catacombs and closes the altar lid behind him. He can still sense the warning that Krage is projecting. Alrik heads for his prepared hiding space. Deep in one of the side corridors he pushes open the lid of an empty sarcophagus and climbs in. He seals the lid and blows out the lamp he carries. He is prepared to wait in the dark silence until the danger passes. He has no idea how long he will have to wait. The wraiths could be gone in hours or perhaps never. He has a supply of flat bread and water that will last him a week.
The police rush through the temple corridors. When they meet white goblins, the wraiths turn and ran back into the tunnels beneath the temple. Some of the wraith formations turn back before they even enter the Septantrak. The attack terrorizes the citizens of the capital, but casualties are nonexistent. Lord Lizardthroat puzzles over the wraith’s halfhearted assault. It is as though the attack is only a diversion, but he can’t guess what the feigned invasion concealed.
Alrik has only been sealed in his self-imposed tomb for a few hours when he hears voices outside his hiding place. Someone knocks on the lid and says, “It is safe; you can come out now.”
Alrik recognizes the voice and replies, “Help me slide the lid.” The clerics in the scriptorium know of his hiding place. When they returned to the temple and found many of the manuscripts missing, they realized what must have happened and went to retrieve Alrik from his sarcophagus. “Who else but the high priest would think of spending a week in a sarcophagus,” remarks the cleric who frees Alrik.
***
In the underground ruins, Krage sits, weary from his efforts to warn the temple. He has no idea if his warning was heeded. He slowly stands. He needs to find a hiding place. As he passes through the door, ten white goblins stand waiting. Krage is too exhausted to mount a defense. He realizes the warning message he so desperately sent has been his undoing. He has inadvertently transmitted his location. The attack on the temple was only a diversion. He had been the target all along.
The wraiths don’t charge, hacking with their crude bronze swords. Their commander deliberately places the tip of his sword to Krage’s chest while two goblins bind his hands behind him. They push Krage to the edge of the city and lead him into the chasm where the lava flows far below.
Krage tries to talk to his captors. They speak not a word but guide him ever deeper into the earth. They pass the lava flowing in the chasm below the ruins of Ardonbrae. He is taken to a goblin hive built deep in the earth. When they reach the hive’s great hall they halt in front of the Queen Mothers who sit on stone thrones atop a dais.
One queen speaks. “Peace attend thee, Krage 59th of Septan’s lineage. We regret our action, but Tironock commands us to bring thee here and retain thee until the demigod decides your fate.” The queen appears weary, as do her sisters.
Krage considers the situation and asks, “Has Tironock gained such power over your hive that you do his bidding in all things?”
“The demigod is cruel and petulant. He sees traitors everywhere. If one tries to reason with him, he resorts to wanton violence. Until we can find a way to free ourselves, we do as he commands. Truly, we fear for your life, but we fear for our hive more.”
Krage is taken to a small chamber and sealed behind a stone door. From inside his prison cell, he cannot budge the stone. Krage is provided with necessities: candles, blankets, water and the bland food wraiths consume. He is comfortable on the wooden sleeping platform, but he realizes that as long as he is a captive and under Tironock’s control his life is in danger. From the moment he is sealed inside the chamber, he schemes his escape. But escape is only possible when the stone is opened from the outside.
From time to time a Queen Mother visits and engages in conversation. “We have not heard from Tironock since he ordered you imprisoned. He is apparently content to know you under his control.”
“There are many hives in the Underworld. Perhaps Tironock is preoccupied with bringing them all under his dominion,” Krage speculates. Krage needs an ally to help him escape. He asks the Queen Mother, “Is there much infighting within the hive or has everyone consented to Tironock’s rule?”
“There are many who wish to escape Tironock’s domination, but few openly oppose the monster. One commander has left the hive and is building a new hive under the Western Sea where we hope to hide from the demigod. But I say too much. If Tironock forces you to reveal our plan, all could be lost.”
Whenever the stone is rolled back to admit a visitor or deliver a meal, two guards stand in the doorway. Krage doesn’t see how he can force his way past the guards, but maybe he can trick the guards into thinking he has. As the time approaches for his next meal, Krage extinguishes his candle and sits in the dark. When the stone door is rolled back, Krage covers his eyes and generates the most brilliant flash of light he can muster. The guards shriek from the pain that shoots through their eyes. Krage crashes into the lead guard knocking him back into the guard behind.
The guards blindly back out of the chamber and manage to close the door. When their vision recovers, they peer into the chamber. Krage is nowhere in sight. He lies hidden under his pallet where he took refuge when the guards were blinded. He intends to hide for several days before emerging and stealthily exiting the hive. Everything depends on the door being left open. He checks. The door is closed. Krage lies there for a day hoping someone will enter the chamber and leave the door open. Eventually, a Queen Mother arrives. She stands in the chamber for several minutes before announcing in a soft voice, “You may as well come out. It is unsightly for a Thaumaturgist to hide under his bed. Besides, it is more comfortable on top than under it.”
Krage admits defeat. He feels foolish crawling out from under his bed. “Why weren’t you fooled by my trick?” he asks.
“Surface dwellers forget subterraneans rely more on the sense of smell than sight. Your guards never believed you left the chamber.”


Chapter 23

Isle of Uisgebeatha:

The old goblin frets. She doesn’t understand why she can’t contact Krage. If he were dead, she would know it. She can’t guess what hinders her attempts to reach him. She fears he is injured.
On a summer’s day two years after Myrel came to the island, Dorla decides to give a party celebrating the king’s birthday. She convinces her uncle to invite all his liegemen. It will be a grand party, worthy of those she imagines happen in the capital. She wants Myrel and Meg to come. The old Spore gives an unqualified refusal. Myrel is reluctant, but consents when Dorla promises to help her find suitable clothing. She finds Myrel a gown that once belonged to Farg’s mother. Myrel sets about reusing the material to fashion a gown for herself. She has no idea about the latest trends in the capital. It hardly matters; except for the royal family, no one else has been to a party in the last twenty years. Myrel has lost her fear of being hunted by Lord Lizardthroat. She wants to come out of hiding. Myrel informs Dorla, “I’ll come and just stay in the background.”
Not likely, thinks Dorla. A sophisticated cross-breed, over six arms in height, will attract considerable attention. Dorla seeks the advice of the king’s wife, Queen Dafnie, who has considerable experience in planning parties. She recommends that an enormous feast form the centerpiece of the evening. Dorla can present dishes seasoned with the herbs she herself gathers.
Duke Amin considers it wise to indulge his niece’s whim. Following the party, he and the royal family are headed for the capital. For months, he has coordinated the efforts of the nobles to have the king returned to his throne. Finally, Lord Lizardthroat has agreed to negotiate a settlement. The duke expects to be gone for several months. He will leave Farg in charge. When Baelock learns of the duke’s plan, he asks permission to join the entourage. At Baelock’s urging, the duke appoints Wreen his new smith. Then Meg tells Myrel she is also leaving to search for Krage. She plans on returning, but Myrel worries that her old age might hinder her ability to travel. Myrel dithers about joining the travelers. She doesn’t want to live in the cave by herself. Myrel decides to attend her grandmother. She can be of use to her mentor and continue her studies. Dorla can’t stand the thought of being left and begs to be included. Her uncle relents. The travelers will depart two days after the birthday celebration.
The night of the party provides a number of surprises. The king’s son, Prince Lorring, proves an excellent dancer. He and Dorla are still dancing after most of the guests have left. In fact, the members of the royal family are about the only ones other than Dorla who demonstrate any skill at dance. Dorla revels in being the center of attention. As her prince glides her across the floor, she keeps asking herself when has he grown so tall and where did his pimples go. The banquet is magnificent by local standards. The guest gorged themselves on wichetty grubs that Dorla served deep fried and marinated in a thyme sauce. The duke rarely invites his liege nobles to the castle, and none of his guests have ever seen such a variety of dishes. The king compliments Dorla on the gourmet touch her herbal embellishments add to the traditional dishes. The evening cements in the minds of the royal family that Dorla is the ideal choice for the kingdom’s next queen.
Perhaps the biggest surprise of the evening comes when Myrel enters the banquet hall and is introduced to the other guests. The strikingly tall and graceful cross-breed, dressed in a simple, white gown that hangs loosely on her torso, turns heads and induces whispers. Myrel has arranged her hair atop her head and looks quite regal. At Myrel’s request the master of ceremonies introduces her as, “Myrel, daughter of Queen Meriem of House Dragon and Krage Oregile the 59th Thaumaturgist of the Septantrak.” Farg chokes on the wine he is drinking. He knows Dorla has made a friend, but no one said the friend is Trak’s sister. He didn’t even know Trak has a sister. The royal family is surprised to see Myrel, whom they believed was still in the temple. They had no idea the girl was on the island. Dorla is pleased by all the attention Myrel receives. She and Myrel have become such good friends that she has stop thinking about Myrel’s mysterious identity. Duke Amin is apoplectic. “What possessed Krage’s daughter to reveal her identity, and here of all places?”
Myrel is tired of hiding. In two days she is going back to the capital, and she is going as herself. It isn’t until much later that Myrel realizes her boldness places her mother in danger, if word of her existence reaches King Red’s ears.
***
Duke Amin has arranged for a small armada of boats to ferry the travelers to the mainland, a process that is carried out in stages and requires two days to accomplish. The duke brings most of his servants and two hundred soldiers who, besides guarding the king, serve as porters. It amuses Myrel to see how many servants and soldiers are needed to transport the royal family.
Myrel shares a tent with her grandmother. Meg wants to walk to the capital, but her pace is so slow she is forced to ride in a litter. On the road, Prince Lorring never leaves Dorla’s side. Walking by herself, Myrel is able to recapture some of the liberating feelings she experienced on the Razor’s Back two years prior. When the party passes Dragon’s Belly, Myrel is reminded of her mother, whom she hasn’t seen nor heard from since Melkerei delivered her to King Red.
Myrel has no intention of remaining long in the capital. She will not be comfortable in the temple. Her father would help her if she knew where he was, but he has disappeared once again. She imagines she will accompany her grandmother on her quest to find her father and eventually return to the Isle of Uisgebeatha. She hopes the search for Krage will prove adventurous.
Hogarth, the king’s master-at-arms, goes ahead and prepares the palace for the royal family. When the king arrives, everything is back in its accustomed place. Myrel and Meg are given a room in the palace, but as soon as they settle their belongings, Meg proceeds to the Septantrak. Myrel accompanies her as she heads directly to Alrik’s administrative offices.
“Welcome, Debrah Megai, High Priestess of the Septantrak,” Alrik says, as the ancient goblin enters the chamber. “It is good to see your Holiness and Princess Myrel are well. I have worried for you both. How may I serve you?” Myrel doubts Alrik’s sincerity; she is convinced that Alrik is one of Lord Lizardthroat’s lackeys and her father’s enemy.
“Greetings, Alrik Redeyes, Keeper of the Septantrak. I am searching for my son. What can you tell me of his whereabouts?” Meg sounded like she was the one in charge. Myrel raises her eyebrows and regards her grandmother. She wonders where did my grandmother’s folksy accent go?
“Since Krage stirred up the city two years ago when he rescued the royal family, I have had contact with him only once. A year ago, sitting where I am now, I heard his voice warning the temple’s occupants to flee to safety. I remember the Thaumaturgist’s voice sounded far away. I have not heard from him since.”
Meg reasons, “He must have been deep in the mountain. That would explain both why his voice sounded distant and why he knew of the pending attack. He is not dead; therefore, he must still be so deep in the earth I can’t communicate with him. He may be a captive of the subterraneans or even of Tironock himself. Please supply me with provisions for a two-week trip. I intend to enter the Underworld and find him.”
Myrel knows better than to talk Meg out of her scheme. “I’ll come with you,” she declares. The High Priestess tells Myrel there is no need for her to go, but Myrel points out that her grandmother is frail and will need assistance.
Alrik offers to send armed guards. Meg dismisses the suggestion. “There may be ten thousand wraiths between here and Krage; a few soldiers will be of no help. Secrecy and the Spirit are the only weapons that can help me.” In the end, it is decided that all three of them would go.
Myrel is surprised that Alrik has volunteered. Why would he want to risk himself to save Krage? Hadn’t he plotted with Lord Lizardthroat to have her father killed?
Alrik leads the trio into the caverns beneath the temple. They travel by secret passages since Lord Lizardthroat ordered the main passage sealed, a precaution against a repeat wraith assault on the temple. The caverns are deserted. The Blue Daggers have abandoned the caverns and sealed the rear entrance to the mountain. The rescuers rest on the ledge where Trak stared into the swirling lava and had a brief encounter with the evil presence nearly three years before. Meg attempts to project her spirit in an effort to contact Krage. She cannot sense her son, but she does catch a whiff of the evil that exists below. Meg recognizes the danger. If she is able to sense Tironock, the evil one can sense her and know she is coming. She breaks contact immediately.
Alrik knows the tunnels and negotiates the maze until he brings the trio to the steps that lead to the underground ruins of Ardonbrae. They extinguish their lamps and enter the city by the glow of the lava flowing on the far side of the cavern. As a precaution, they seek a vantage point where they rest and observe the city for signs of wraiths. The city is deserted. When they have eaten a little, the trio moves in the dim shadows to the far edge of the city. They descend the path into the chasm.
They tread the worn steps that except for Krage no surface goblins has walked for millennia. At first, the trail stays in sight of the orange lava that lights their journey. Before they reach the flowing magma, the path deviates into a tunnel cut into the wall of the chasm. Myrel generates a blue glow to illuminate their descent. She wants to spare her grandmother’s strength. The crudely cut tunnel descends for leagues. There is nothing to look at but the rough rock walls. They encounter no side passages. The experience is overwhelmingly claustrophobic.
They smell the white goblin hive long before they reach it. The odor wafts up the tunnel from a cavern below. Myrel comments, “The stench of ten thousand goblins is a sensation I will not soon forget.” They reach a cavern where there is sufficient orange glow to see the source of the stench. They stand at the edge of a large underground plantation, consisting of acres of goblin manure spread across the bottom of a huge cavern. White mushrooms dot the surface and mealworms teem in the muck. They observe workers slogging through the manure, gathering edibles.
Alrik hides the trio in a deep fissure on the edge of the compost heap. Myrel hears a faint humming sound and looks up to see the roof of the cavern honeycombed with passages. They are below an enormous hive, a giant goblin nest. It is not hard to understand why goblins call termites their brothers. Myrel sees columns of goblin workers trudging single file through the passages; each worker carries a bundle and seems intent on reaching his destination. When two columns approach from opposite directions, one column bunches in a side bay and lets the other pass. At the far end of the cavern, workers are building a staircase that ascends the wall of the cavern to connect two passages. The activity is intense. Somewhere in the hive she hopes to find her father, but how can the rescuers navigate the maze undetected? She holds her breath while a troop of white wraiths marches by.
The trio lingers in the fissure discussing what they should do. Meg says she is reluctant to use her gift to locate Krage. “If I give away our position, we will certainly be captured and never leave this place.” Alrik suggests an alternate plan. Myrel watches as he stripped off his clothing, revealing his body tattoos. He uses ink he brought to paint black designs on his face. He says the patterns signal his status as a high ranking officer.
Myrel notes his resemblance to a wraith is uncanny. Then it strikes her. Alrik not only looks like a wraith; he is, without a doubt, a white goblin. How had a wraith become a High Priest in the Septantrak, Myrel wonders?
“I will enter the city and learn what I can. I may be gone a few days,” Alrik says as he departs.
While they wait, Myrel asks Meg questions. “Was Krage’s father the 58th Thaumaturgist?”
“No. I was. The title is usually passed from father to son, but when my father died without producing a male heir, I inherited the title and for twenty years served as the Thaumaturgist until Krage came of age. It was the happiest day of my life when I could at last leave the temple and begin my personal quest,” Meg reveals.
“Alrik arrived at the temple while I was still an Initiate,” Meg explains. “He was found as a boy wandering around in the caverns and refused to return to the Underworld. He claimed it was his destiny to live on the surface, so he was brought to the temple where he proved to be a good student and dedicated temple worker. When it was discovered he possessed an above average ability to summon and control power, he was groomed for the priesthood. Alrik was Krage’s friend during his Initiate Training. They have always gotten along well, and when Krage decided to hide on the Isle of Uisgebeatha, he left Alrik in charge of the temple. Most people see Alrik’s white skin and red eyes and conclude he is an albino, which of course he is, but so are all the goblins that inhabit the Underworld.”
Myrel finds it disconcerting to sit below a goblin hive leagues deep in the earth. It is more unnerving than her time in the catacombs or the city prison. She has too much time to think. Even if Alrik locates Krage, how can they hope to free him and escape? Myrel looks at Meg, who sits quietly dozing against the rock wall; she seems as calm as she does in her cave.
It is two days before Alrik returns and announces, “I found Krage. He is chained to a wall in the Hall of the Queen Mothers. I didn’t get close to him, but he recognized me immediately and does not seem the worse for his captivity.”
Myrel asks, “Did your disguise enable you to pass easily through the hive?”
Alrik replies, “As you probably guess, it is more than a disguise. In donning the marks of a commander, I assume my inherited status in the hive. It is the only role I can assume. The white goblins identify each other as much by smell as by sight. Each goblin in the hive emits an odor that identifies the caste to which he belongs. As a member of the ruling caste, I can travel unopposed.”
“Were you recognized by the Queens?” asks Meg.
“Yes, of course,” answers Alrik. “I occasionally visit the hive, but not in the last year. From the Queens, I learned that Tironock’s power over the hive is growing. As the earth’s magma swells in intensity, the Queens worry that flowing lava will soon enter the hive and drive the white goblins toward the surface. They look to Tironock to keep the magma at bay. As I suspected, it was Tironock who commanded the white goblins to attack the temple. It was as you speculated. Tironock sensed that Krage was somewhere in the ruins of Ardonbrae. By ordering an attack on the temple, he forced Krage to send a message. While Krage sat projecting his warning, Tironock pinpointed his location and directed the white goblins to seize him.”
“Excuse my ignorance, but why did Tironock want the Thaumaturgist captured?” Myrel asks.
Alrik replies impatiently, “It is a pity you didn’t complete your training in the temple. As an Initiate you would have learned of the prophecies of our religion and the role the Thaumaturgist plays in their fulfillment.”
Myrel wants to say, “If I continued my training, it is likely I would now be dead.” Instead she replies, “Perhaps you can give me a brief summary.”
Alrik attempts to explain. “The spirits that occupy all things have a dual nature. They are partly good and partly evil. So it is with the Earth Spirit. In the temple, we worship Shenal Ken, the half of the Earth Spirit that represents the good. She is the mother that created us and nourishes us. But the earth has another aspect that is evil. The white goblins refer to the evil aspect as Tironock Kan. The earth’s two halves war against each other as good and evil do in all things.”
“You make it sound as if the earth is a living creature that has been split into two distinct beings with each having their own will and personality,” Myrel replies.
“Yes,” said Alrik. “It is just as you say. Millennia ago, the two aspects emerged as distinct entities and fought with each other for the allegiance of the earth’s inhabitants. In the end, the Earth Spirit led her favored creations out of the Underworld to the earth’s surface. The exodus occurred in stages. Those who would eventually become men emerged first. For thousands of years, goblins tarried in the underground city of Ardonbrae. Their bodies evolved along a different path from the men on the surface. Three thousand years ago in a time known as the First Sowing, goblins from Ardonbrae emerged and overran the continent. Men were pushed to the periphery, but they have been fighting back ever since. The goblins left behind in the Underworld have fallen steadily under the influence of Tironock. The struggle between good and evil goes on. Fortunes wax and wane. In our time, evil ascends. The ancient prophecies address this ascension.”
“The prophecies are a gift of Shenal Ken. They are not specific. They are intuitive guesses about how the future will unfold. The prophecies are vague about details and subject to multiple interpretations. It has been the role of the Septantrak to understand these prophecies and prepare for the time when Tironock, the evil aspect, will drive tens of thousands of Underworld goblins to the surface and a great war will take place, an event that is referred to as the Second Sowing.”
“The Earth Spirit chose the first Thaumaturgist, and all subsequent Thaumaturgists have been his descendants. They have been given special gifts, and it is through this family that the Earth Spirit speaks. When the Second Sowing arrives, it is the Thaumaturgist who must lead the inhabitants of the surface. It is my belief that Tironock is seeking to destroy Krage because he is the link between Shenal Ken and the surface goblins. For this reason, Tironock had Krage seized and will seize you and the High Priestess if he locates your presence.”
“You are saying if we are captured, there will be no one left to convey Shenal’s voice to the surface people?” asks Myrel.
Alrik looks at Meg and hesitates before saying, “Actually, there would be one other member of the lineage, but I shall speak no more of him.”
“Tell me why you, a white goblin, left the Underworld and entered the Septantrak,” Myrel queries.
“As a boy living in the hive, the Queens told me the ancient tales of the First Sowing. I became curious. I wanted to see for myself the manner of Spore who live on the surface. I didn’t regard them as my enemies, but rather as my lost brothers. I thought they were the lucky ones who had escaped the influence of Tironock. I, too, wanted to bask in the sunlight. I, too, wanted to be free, so I left the hive and climbed the tunnels to the surface.” Alrik did not disclose that he had left the hive at the direction of the Queen Mothers. The Queens sent Alrik to scout the surface. They were preparing for the day when the Underworld goblins would flee the caverns.
“Were you surprised by what you found on the surface?” asks Myrel. Meg sits quietly. She is amused by how pointedly Myrel directs her questions and how succinctly Alrik summarizes the situation. She is particularly interested to hear Alrik’s reaction to the conditions on the surface.
There is a trace of bitterness in Alrik voice. “My brothers on the surface are preoccupied with inconsequential matters. They endlessly bicker and scheme. They forget we are all part of the same hive. They are easily threatened and fear what they don’t understand. I dread the day of the Second Sowing. I fear terror will fill the hearts of the surface goblins. In their panic they will rend the world apart trying to save themselves.”
“If you live to see the Second Sowing,” interjects Meg, “I hope you find there are some who stand true in their service to the Earth Spirit and their friends.”


Chapter 24

Dragonton: Assassins

Trak stands on top his broch watching the moon reflect off the waves that crash on the rocky shore below. It is late. The light in Lord Ran’s broch has already gone out. Trak is dissatisfied. His daily life has settled into a routine that no longer excites him. It takes all his energy to run Dragonton, and there is no time for anything else.
Except for business dealings with Ran and letters from his mother, he has no social outlets. He experimented with spending evenings in Westhaven taverns, but all he gained from the escapades was a morning-after headache. He met a few cross-breeds, but they were too uneducated and superstitious for Trak to form a bond. He wonders if Myrel is happy with her life in the Septantrak. Perhaps when his five-year contract with Lord Ran is over, he would pay her a visit. It would be good to converse with someone. He might even return to the Isle of Uisgebeatha and befriend Dorla, but in all likelihood, she would by then be married to the king’s pimply-faced son.
As he ponders his future, a scraping sound creeps into Trak’s consciousness. Something is rubbing against the side of the broch. He peers over the edge and is startled to see three, nearly naked, white goblins scaling the side of his broch. They are using hand hooks to grasp the cracks between the rocks. Trak watches the goblin nearest him draw a dagger and climb through his bedchamber window two levels below. His danger is immediate. Soon, there will be three assailants upon him. He is unarmed and trapped on the roof. Where can he hide?
When the intruders burst onto the roof, they find it empty. The three white goblins turn and head back down the circular staircase. Trak pulls himself back onto the roof. He had just enough time to tie his leather belt to a battlement hook and hang himself over the edge before the attackers appeared. Fortunately, they didn’t take time to look over the broch’s edge.
Trak knows that when the intruders fail to find him in the kitchen below they will return and commence a more thorough search. Trak moves quickly down the stairs to his bedchamber to retrieve Dragon Fire. It is gone. The assailants stole it. Trak can hear them below, again ascending the stairs. Except for his Dragon Fire, the attackers are armed only with daggers, and he has the size advantage. He grabs a chair for a shield and a stout poker from the fire place. He meets the attackers in the spiral staircase where they are forced to come at him one at a time.
As the first goblin rounds the corner, Trak thrusts the poker into his face. He screams and falls back. The second goblin, armed with the Dragon Fire, takes his place. The bend in the staircase keeps the goblin from delivering a clean strike. The best the marauder can do is whittle away at the chair until it has lost all its legs. Trak is forced to back up the staircase. The poker is too short to strike effectively. It is just a matter of time before the sword finds him. It is then the attacker collapses and falls backwards down the stairs.
“Is that the last of them?” Trak hears Ran ask.
“I saw three,” Trak answers back. Trak descends the stairs to find Ran holding a drawn bow. Two dead attackers lay on the floor. Ran hands Trak Dragon Fire, “I’d hate to see you lose your favorite sword. The third attacker escaped, but he will not get far; he has my arrow in his back.”
Trak regards the fallen assailants. Never before has he seen a white goblin. “I think they are Spore from the Underworld,” he tells Ran who is quite surprised to learn that goblins inhabit the earth beneath his feet.
“What are they doing here?” Ran asks.
“I’m not certain, but I believe their purpose was to kill me,” Trak replies.
“It must have something to do with your being a Thaumaturgist,” Ran suggests.
“But I gave that up. I’m not a Thaumaturgist and don’t intend to ever become one,” Trak retorts.
“Apparently, not everyone has heard about your resignation,” Ran surmises. “How did they get here?”
“They probably crawled to the surface through some underground passage that lies nearby.”
“Gobshite!” curses Lord Ran. He has been around Trak long enough to pick up the goblin swear word. “Lock your doors and windows; you should be safe. Tomorrow, we will look for this mysterious tunnel.” He leaves before Trak remembers to thank him for his rescue.
Trak wonders if the appearance of white goblins is connected to some major event in the north, such as the death of Krage. He needs to find out. He calms himself and projects his spirit to the Isle of Uisgebeatha and finds his grandmother’s cave dark and hearth cold. Has the old goblin died? Despite his reluctance to contact Krage, he needs to know what has happened to his grandmother. He lets his spirit wander the Septantrak in search of his father but finds no trace.
In the morning, Lord Ran has the corpses of the white goblins dragged in front of the workers. He announces, “Last night, three wraiths attacked Lord Dragonfire. They are goblins from the Underworld. Lord Trak believes they reached the surface through a tunnel that is somewhere nearby. We must find the tunnel and seal it before we are all butchered in our sleep. Today, every available worker will be assigned to a team. We will begin a systematic search.”
A team of workers, searching the face of the cliff below the broch, explored a deep crag. They report to Lord Ran that they found, deep within, a tunnel cut into the rock. “What should we do—seal it?” Ran asks Trak.
“Perhaps, eventually, but first it needs to be explored to discover if there are side branches that also lead to the surface.” Lord Ran positions five guards at the exit. He, Trak and two volunteers enter the tunnel, light their torches and proceed down a steep slope into the darkness.


Chapter 25

Main Hive, beneath Neu Ardonbrae: The Rock Viper Pit

When Alrik returns from his second foray to the Great Hall, he brings grim news. “Tironock is coming. He will personally supervise the execution of the Thaumaturgist. The Queens say he intends to throw Krage into a pit filled with rock vipers. The Queens want to help Krage, but they are powerless to directly confront Tironock.”
Myrel asks, “How can we enter the hive and rescue my father.”
Alrik explains, “It is impossible for a cross-breed. Your odor is too man-like and easily detected. I suggest that you and High Priestess begin to ascend the tunnel to the surface. I will go and attempt to free Krage. If I’m successful, we may have to flee quickly, and Meg will need a head start.”
Myrel assists Meg along the tunnel leading to the surface while Alrik returns to the Great Hall and stands along the wall conversing with another commander. “This is one spectacle I thought you would avoid,” notes the acquaintance. “You will suffer a similar fate if you think to interfere.”
“I don’t care much for executions, but I want to see Tironock for myself,” Alrik responds.
“Are you feeble minded? The last time the demon came, he killed six Spore merely to assert his authority.”
“That is why I’m standing close to a door,” Alrik replies. Despite the danger posed by Tironock’s whims, the hall is full. The ruling caste of the goblin hive is expected to attend. Alrik watches Krage; he seems calm but alert. He understands he is to be Tironock’s entertainment.
Tironock doesn’t enter through a door. He simply materializes. First there is a tremor, and then the dust on the floor of the hall sweeps up in a cyclonic wind. Out of the swirling dust, Tironock takes shape. He does not become completely corporal. His limbs oscillate in and out of view, even after the dust settles. He appears as a flickering red giant with enormous snake-like horns emerging from his skull. The horns are covered with rough scales that mimic the patterns of the rock viper. Yellow smoke and red flames spew from his mouth when he speaks. He announces himself with a arrogant, deep laugh that shakes the cavern as his snake-like horns twist and rattle.
He stands eyeing Krage while his limbs alternatively fade into transparent shadows and then reform. “I have known many Thaumaturgists. They are a pitifully weak lot.” Tironock laughs again. “The time of the Thaumaturgists is over. You are looking at the last of his kind. This one’s children have abandoned the faith of their fathers. The surface goblins will soon be swept away by the Second Sowing. My power grows; nothing can oppose me.”
If Krage is frightened, he doesn’t show it. Krage knows all men die, and if this is his time he can accept death.
“Throw the vermin into the pit,” Tironock commands.
Four white wraiths push Krage to the edge of a pit, fifteen-feet deep, and shove him over the side. The impact of the fall knocks the air from his lungs. A long chain still connects his hands to the wall above. There is sufficient slack in the chain to allow Krage to move about the pit. The assembled subterraneans watch as out of a crevice slithers a large viper, three strides in length. It has the diamond-shaped head that characterizes all vipers. Its girth, thick as a goblin’s waist, is covered with rough, red and black scales.
Krage stands his ground. The snake coils a few feet in front of Krage, rears and pulls back its head to strike. It hesitates too long as it plays with its prey. Krage loops the loose chain that binds his wrists around the snake’s neck and yanks hard. The links of the chain sever the snake’s head.
Audible groans are heard throughout the chamber. The unexpected outcome will surely anger Tironock Kan. “Shorten his chain,” the demigod roars.
Krage feels a jerk on his chain. The slack is gone. He is now standing in the pit with his hands stretched over his head. He can swivel and swing, but his movements always bring him back to the same spot. Krage doesn’t have to wait long for more snakes to appear. They come out of fissures in the pit wall before the body of the first snake has stopped twisting in its death throes.
Alrik is powerless to help. The goblins, fearing Tironock, would kill him immediately if he makes a move to aid Krage. He has to wait. Krage is not done yet. He sends a flash of blue light at the closest snake; it burst into flames. Krage attempts to swing out of the path of a third snake as it strikes. He isn’t quick enough. The snake buries his fangs in Krage’s thigh.
Tironock roars his approval. He stands watching the paralytic venom course through Krage’s body. Krage is still conscious but his muscles have stopped responding. He hangs limply as wraith soldiers pull him from the pit. “Throw him in the compost pile and let him watch the worms eat his flesh.” Tironock laughs and slowly vanishes.
The guards begin dragging Krage out of the pit. Alrik steps forward and orders the guards to lift the body and carry it. “The Queens don’t want blood and guts smeared across the Great Hall,” he barks. At the huge compost heap where all the hive’s garbage and night soil are tossed, Alrik orders the body thrown into the deepest part. Fortunately, Krage lands face up. “That’s it, back to your posts,” Alrik commands.
Alrik waits for the guards to depart before wading out into the muck and dragging Krage to the side. Krage still has a pulse, but his chest is barely moving. The poison affects the muscles of his chest and diaphragm. Alrik inhales deeply and blows air onto Krage’s lungs.
***
Meg and Myrel enter the ruins of Ardonbrae and find a hiding place to wait for Alrik. They wait for hours. They have food but no appetite. It has been too long. Myrel laments, “By now Krage and probably Alrik, as well, are dead.”
“I fear ye are right, child. Stay here and wait for my signal. When ye hear my voice, gather the power of the earth and draw the evil one toward ye. Tarry only a minute, then flee. I go to do what I can.” Meg shuffles back down the steps that lead to the hive.
Meg makes no attempt to hide herself. She meets subterraneans who step aside to let her pass. Her odor is unfamiliar but not too unlike the scent of a Queen Mother. When she arrives at the compost field, she finds Alrik holding Krage whose breathing has ceased. He is alive only because for hours Alrik has poured his breath into the Thaumaturgist’s lungs. Alrik is exhausted; a look of desperation is on his face.



Tironock Kan materializes within the goblin hive beneath 
Holy Mountain.

***
Meg opens the small medicine bag she carries and removes the vial labeled “Atterlothe.” The bottle is ancient, its contents dried and caked. Meg spits into the bottle. It is the only liquid she has. She cautiously drips the half-dissolved Atterlothe into Krage’s mouth and waits between drops for a response. For hours there is no change in Krage’s condition. Alrik continues to breathe for the two of them. He is resigned to stay with Krage until he either responds or dies.
Subterraneans begin to gather in the cavern and stand silently watching. A Queen Mother chants a prayer to Shenal Ken, asking for help. Alrik never stops sustaining Krage’s life. At last, Krage’s fingers tighten on Alrik’s wrist and the observers hear Krage suck air. It takes hours more before Krage can begin to stand.
The Queen Mother speaks, “I fear thy efforts are in vain for Tironock is returning.” It is true. Meg smells the odor of brimstone filling the cavern.
With all the will she can muster, Meg projects, “Now! Draw Tironock to ye!”
Myrel hears the command as she waits in the ruined city of Ardonbrae. From the lava flowing in the chasm below, she fills herself with the Earth’s power and projects a thought at the demigod. “I will have my revenge!”
The thought catches Tironock unaware. He is contemptuous and furious. “Another of Septan’s lineage dares challenge me? She, too, will die,” he bellows. Tironock interrupts his efforts to materialize in the hive and sends his presence up the tunnel in Myrel’s direction.
“We must make haste,” Meg says to Alrik, who is almost too exhausted to move. Then, five subterraneans step forward. Three lift Krage and the other two supported Meg and Alrik as they move back to the surface.
By the time they reach the ruined city, Krage is able to speak. “Everything considered, my rescue went rather well.”
“It is not over yet. We must find Myrel,” Meg cautions.
Alrik points ahead. Myrel is standing in the path in front of them. They exchange embraces, despite the filth covering Krage and Alrik. When Myrel learns that Meg has given Krage Atterlothe, she asks Meg, “Where did you find it?”
“On the tombs of my ancestors, a lifetime ago.”
“How did you escape Tironock?” Alrik asks Myrel.
“As Tironock materialized, I hid in a fissure. He stomped about, cursing me. But as I had ceased to project my thoughts and allowed the the Earth’s power to dissipate, he couldn’t sense where I was hidden. He gave up and dissolved into the air.”
***
The subterraneans accompany the four surface dwellers to the tunnels beneath the temple and then without speaking depart. It is late in the night when the party reenters the temple. Myrel accompanies Meg to the palace while Alrik escorts Krage to his private quarters where they both collapse. In the late morning Krage stirs from his deep sleep and baths in the tub of warm water Alrik has prepared. After he eats Krage feels much better, but the tissues adjacent to the fang marks are festering and a pain throbs in his thigh.
Alrik briefs Krage on developments in the city during the last year. “The king has just returned to the palace and Lord Lizardthroat is in a conciliatory mood. It is probably safe for you to come out of hiding.” Krage considers if there is some way he can use his reappearance to advantage. For the present, he will remain in the temple and keep his return a secret from all but a few.
In the afternoon, Meg and Myrel visit Alrik and Krage. Meg prepares an astringent of boiled seaweed for Krage’s festering wound. Myrel reports what has happened in the city during the six days they were in the Underworld. “To settle their dispute, King Giforing has agreed to abdicate and allow his son to take the throne. Lorring's coronation as the next Ard Ri will take place in the spring after his marriage to Dorla.” Myrel adds sarcastically, “Dorla is thrilled.”
“The agreement calls for Lord Lizardthroat to be appointed to the newly created position of Chief Advisor to the King.” Krage winces at this revelation. The Thaumaturgist has always regarded himself as the king’s advisor.
Meg decides to delay her departure from the capital, and Myrel opts to wait until Meg is ready to depart and accompany her back to the Isle of Uisgebeatha. The temple has other plans for Myrel. A week after she returns from the Underworld, she is summoned. She enters Alrik’s office to find he is not alone. In addition to the Thaumaturgist, the room is crowded with the Septantrak’s religious leaders.
When she is seated, Alrik speaks. “We have been discussing the results of your Initiate’s Trial. Your performance was most unusual, but we agree that you are potentially a great asset to the Septantrak and would like you to take the Vow of Septan and become an Initiate. Before you decide, we would like to meet with you and discuss what being an Initiate entails.”
Myrel is shocked by the audacity of the temple leaders and has to suppress the rising bitterness she feels against those who put her life in peril. When she hesitates, Krage speaks up, “I believe it is your intention to return to the Isle of Uisgebeatha with the High Priestess, but you owe it to yourself to learn all you can before making a final decision.” Myrel reluctantly agrees to meet with Alrik one more time. Based on what she hears, she will decide.
The next day Myrel and Alrik meet on the balcony of his apartment. He serves tea and begins reminiscing over their rescue of Krage. Myrel becomes impatient and asks Alrik to get to the point. Alrik begins, “You must understand the Septantrak finds itself in a difficult position. Many in government positions do not support the current Thaumaturgist. There is talk of replacing him, and the Thaumaturgist is considering stepping down. According to our beliefs, only another of Septan’s lineage can replace him. Meg is too old to resume the position. When Krage dies or steps aside, you are the Septantrak’s best hope.”
“When we were in the goblin hive, you said there is another,” Myrel reminds him.
“That is true, but he is less prepared and less willing than you to accept the responsibility.” He has chosen to remain in seclusion. I cannot tell you more. It is best if his identity is not known.”
Myrel cannot guess the person’s identity. Perhaps her father has children by other women. Myrel shares her thoughts with the cleric. “As a child living in the temple, I found the religious instructions to be unconvincing, even delusional. Recent events in my life have shown me there is some truth in the ancient beliefs. I now believe that powerful forces threaten the future of all goblins. I have discovered my ability to project my spirit. It is a remarkable gift, but I have limited personal knowledge of the supernatural world. If I were meant to be Thaumaturgist, wouldn’t Shenal Ken, herself, call me?”
“Yes, she would,” Alrik replies. “In truth, the Spirit and not the leaders of the Septantrak choose the Thaumaturgist. For the moment, she has Krage, but the day will come when she must choose another. The clerics in the Septantrak cannot see your future, but we can help you prepare should you be the one chosen.”
Myrel returns to the issue that burns at her. “My Initiate’s Trial almost killed me.”
“Yes, so it was made to appear. Only experiences in which you believe life and death hang in the balance can give you the training you needed. In your case, you made situations more malignant through your responses to the events. Your decision to aid Grenab in the prison and your father in the temple fostered the dangerous circumstances you encountered. However, I confess your experience in the prison proved to be more violent and malevolent than was intended. No one anticipated that the warden would assault you. That unfortunate experience was real enough. Your instructors aided you by disposing of the warden’s body after it reached the city’s dump. You and Alexia are not faulted for protecting yourselves.”
“When I was locked in the catacombs, why did no one release me when I knocked?” Myrel asks.
“We thought the catacombs would stress you just enough to allow you to discover your special gift. But you were too clever. You solved the problems you encountered without turning to the Spirit for help. We decided not to release you as planned to increase your stress and force you, when your personal courage failed, to ask for help.”
“That much is true,” Myrel recalls. She discovered her gift only after she found herself sitting in the dark with no way to escape. 
Alrik continues, “Do you recall the plot you uncovered to kill your father? We positioned ourselves in the scriptorium so you could overhear what was intended to appear to be conspirators plotting. Your father was never in any danger.”
“What about the Blue Daggers whom the palace guards killed as they waited in ambush?” Myrel retorts.
“We fed you a story. There were no killings. At the end of your trial all this would have been revealed to you, but you fled the city before the trial was complete.”
Was it possible that the dangers she dealt with in the catacombs existed only in her imagination? She wasn’t convinced, but it was obvious that her activities were more closely observed than she previously believed. What is more, the courage Alrik showed in rescuing Krage proves beyond a doubt that he is not her father’s enemy. In the end, Myrel decides to stay until after the coronation.



Alrik Redeyes enters the Main Hive in search of Krage.


Chapter 26

Dragonton, Bretwalda: The Renegades

Trak leads the way down the crudely cut tunnel. A league into the earth, Trak halts when he sees a white goblin sprawled on the floor, an arrow protruding from his back. As Trak approaches, the wraith groans. “Careful, it’s not dead” cautions Ran. “Let me finish him off.”
“Wait!” Trak shouts as he kneels beside the fallen goblin who is weak from blood loss. “I think he will live if he receives care,” Trak suggests.
“Why save him? He tried to kill you and besides, he is just a filthy squid,” replies Ran who immediately realizes his error. He has offended his friend who is part goblin. “I’m sorry Trak, I didn’t think. Old prejudices die hard.”
Trak breaks the arrow shaft before lifting the white goblin into his arms and carrying him back to his broch. None of the men offer to help. Trak removes the arrow’s iron tip and bathes the wound with an astringent. He is relieved to see the arrow is lodged in the shoulder muscle. It hasn’t penetrated the chest cavity. If the wound doesn’t fester, the goblin will survive.
For three days the goblin lies unconscious on a pallet in the broch’s kitchen. Trak is there when he awakes. The goblin is startled to see the cross-breed he tried to kill standing over him. “If you are hungry, I have some broth,” Trak offers.
On the fifth day the goblin speaks, “Why did you spare me? I tried to kill you?”
“There is too much killing in this world, and it is mostly done by good people who believe they are advancing some noble cause. If I find that is not true in your case, I can still kill you. Why did you attack me?”
“I’m afraid it was for the least noble of reasons,” answers the goblin. “You got in our way. We came to find tools and provisions. We found only a sword, but when we tried to climb the stairs to escape, you blocked our route,” the goblin lamented.
“Tools! Why do you need tools?” Trak asks.
Two years ago, my father and a handful of followers fled from the main hive below the city of Ardonbrae. We sought to escape the tyranny of Tironock. We wandered the Underworld until a year ago we arrived at the abandoned hive beneath your iron works. We are attempting repairs on the hive, but without tools the work goes slowly. Others have heard of my father’s plan to build a new hive and every day, more arrive. Our plantation can’t feed all the refugees. My father sent me to the surface to search for tools so that our work can progress.”
“My name is Trak. What is yours?”
“I am Terrin. My father is Ghad Samraet,” replies the injured wraith.
“What do you have to trade for tools?” Trak asks.
“Nothing. We can’t even feed ourselves.”
In another week, Terrin feels strong enough to attempt the journey back to his hive. He thanks Trak for his life, and out of courtesy, invites the cross-breed to visit. To his surprise, Trak accepts his offer. Terrin is forced to qualify his invitation, “Now may not be the best time. My father will be angry when he hears how badly I failed my mission.” Trak says he understands but will accompany him part way to ensure he arrives safely.
In the evening, Trak and Terrin, accompanied by four men carrying large bundles, set off down the underground passage. Trak explains the bundles contain a gift for Ghad. They travel about four leagues when they come to a wide bulge in the tunnel and Terrin sits down to rest. “Here you must turn back; the hive is only a little farther,” Terrin reveals. Trak asks his men to leave the bundles on the ground and start back without him. He wants to talk with Terrin before he returns to the surface.
As the torch he is carrying begins to sputter and go out, Trak generates a blue glow that lights the tunnel. “Are you of dragon blood?” Terrin asks in disbelief. “Only those of Septan’s house possess such a power.”
“Perhaps,” Trak answers evasively.
“At that moment, four armed wraiths enter the layby where Trak and Terrin are seated, and after recovering from their start at encountering a cross-breed talking to Ghad's son, they draw their swords. Trak draws Dragon Fire. It is the first time he has held Dragon Fire while simultaneously generating a blue glow. The effect is startling. The glow travels down Trak’s arm into the sword. Dragon Fire erupts and blue flames spark off the blade’s tip. The display freezes the white goblins in disbelief.
Terrin steps between Trak and the white goblins. “This is Trak; he is helping me return to the hive.” Trak sheaths his sword and asks the goblins to help carry the bundles.
Trak has never seen a goblin hive, but the one before him does indeed look dilapidated. One entire wall of the hive has collapsed into the central cavern that serves as the plantation. It contains only a few mushrooms, not enough to feed a hive. Terrin guides him up a stairway that has recently been shoddily repaired. They proceed through a maze of passages. Trak is quickly disoriented. He should have paid more attention. Dozens of goblins stare silently at Trak as he enters the hive’s hall and approaches Ghad Samraet, who is talking to half a dozen armed wraiths.
Ghad looks up to recognize his son Terrin and stares warily at the cross-breed who accompanies him. “Welcome back, Terrin. What happened? Where have you been?”
“I am sorry, Father. My mission was a disaster. When I attempted to steal iron and provisions from the men on the surface, my companions were killed and I was seriously injured. This half-goblin saved my life. He is Trak of House Dragon.”
Ghad looks skeptical. “That house died long ago,” replies Ghad.
“I am Trak Dragonfire, the sixtieth in Septan's direct line.” Trak remembers his newly discovered trick. He  ceremoniously draws his sword and holds it overhead, sending a blue glow up his arm until flames fly from the blade, demonstrating to Ghad the proof of his lineage.
Trak sheaths his sword. “Ghad Samraet, I have heard of your need and bring you a gift,” He takes a bundle from one of the soldiers and dumps its contents on the ground. A dozen large chisels and as many iron hammers clattered on the stone. Trak has brought the tools Baron Teiber's craftsmen used to build his smithy. He has already ordered his smiths to manufacture replacements.
Ghad kneels and lifts a worn hammer as though he is holding treasure. “This is a kingly gift. How can I thank you?” he asks.
“No payment is expected. When your hive is repaired and your people secured, we will talk again. Perhaps, there is something we can do for each other. He turns to Terrin and smiles. He likes the white goblin; his forthright manner reminds him of Alrik. “Visit me soon, Terrin Samraet, but next time, please knock at the door. May your shadow follow you always.” A soldier escorts Trak out of the hive and hands him a torch as he commences his journey to the surface.


Chapter 27

City of Neu Ardonbrae: Change in Government

Dorla married Lorring. Her fairytale life continued as she saw her prince crowned the Ard Ri and she became his queen. The boy ruler was inexperienced and turned to Lord Lizardthroat for advice on all issues. Melkerei wasn’t Ard Ri in name, but in power had no equal. From behind the king, he continued to direct the affairs of the kingdom.
When the coronation was over, Meg didn’t return to the Isle of Uisgebeatha. She jested she had grown accustomed to being waited on. Krage and Alrik met often to discuss Tironock's growing threat. It was hard to fashion a plan; the Second Sowing could happen at any moment or it might not occur for a millennia.
They agreed that Tironock had the power to send an army of white goblins to the surface, but probably lacked the strength to bend them to his will once they escaped the Underworld. They could not know how long Tironock would need to gain the power he lacked, but they knew his power grew as the flow of volcanic magma within the mountain increased.
The temple faced a dilemma. No one knew how to defeat Tironock’s minions. The prophecies foretold Tironock could be defeated only if all people united. The temple workers believed this truth, but they saw no possibility of forming an alliance with the men in the south. They listened for the Earth Spirit to speak but heard only silence.
***
Myrel is changed by her journey into the Underworld to rescue Krage. Even Krage is amazed by Myrel’s spiritual growth. She listens politely as the senior temple clerics advice her, but they no longer intimidate her. The clerics realize that spiritually she has moved beyond them. She no longer feels restricted by temple rules. During the day, she wanders the city and meets its citizens. They recognize the Thaumaturgist’s daughter and warmly greet her. She spends her nights in the quarters she once shared with her mother or seeks solace in the caverns beneath the temple. In the caverns, she projects her spirit until she finds the valley where her ancestors are entombed in stone cairns. The ancestors teach her more about Shenal Ken and Tironock Kan than the temple workers know. They tell her stories of ancient battles and works of magic. The ancestors have kept the goblin kingdom safe for three thousand years, but they don’t know how to stop the Second Sowing and defeat Tironock. She calls out to the Earth Sprit for guidance, but receives no answer.
When she encounters Tinga by chance in a temple passage, Myrel asks her childhood friend if she still visits the butterfly cage. Tinga says, “No, without butterflies, it is not the same.” One day Myrel finds herself on the balcony where three years ago she met Trak. The flowerpot where she left messages for the boy is gone. On impulse, she visits the royal smithy to ask Gerum what has become of the cross-breed.
“I’m not sure,” Gerum replies, “but you should ask Baelock. He trained the lad.” Baelock was in the capital and Myrel sought him out. She met Baelock while on Uisgebeatha and considered him a friend.
“Trak? I haven’t seen him since he went south with Baron Teiber,” Baelock replies to her query. He tells her the story of how Trak helped retake the isle, but to end the fighting agreed to be exchanged for the duke and was taken to the Kingdom of Bretwalda as a prisoner. “I fear the lad may have met a bad end at the hands of King Red.” Until that moment, Myrel did not know Trak had ever been on the Isle of Uisgebeatha.
Myrel recalls Dorla’s story of how Baron Teiber captured her and kept her imprisoned until her brother liberated the castle and a kitchen boy guided her to safety. Myrel hasn’t visited her friend since her coronation. She finds Dorla conversing with the ladies of her court. After an exchange of greetings, Myrel asks Dorla, “Do you remember a lad named Trak?”
“No,” she answers truthfully, she never knew the kitchen boy’s name. When Myrel mentioned Trak was the cross-breed who rescued her, Dorla makes the connection. “For all I know, he died in the fighting.”


Chapter 28

While the bread bakes and the barley grows, people have some leisure to tell how the world goes.
Goblin Proverb

Dragonton, Bretwalda: The Goblin Fortress

Trak had been living in his broch for three years when Lord Ran brings him a letter addressed to Aunt Mabol. Trak smiles as he read his mother’s cryptic message. “Good news?” Ran asks.
“The Queen has given birth to twins, a boy and a girl. King Red is pleased. But there is bad news. Apparently, his dispute with Queen Fae is escalating. My mother fears there will be war.”
The prospect of war is reinforced the next day when Baron Teiber pays a visit to the smithy. “The king has summoned me to his fortress. I believe he intends to send troops to the eastern border as a display of force. If Queen Fae fails to reign in her knights who are raiding the border, the king will be forced to invade and destroy the castles where the raiders hold up. I bring a command from the king. You are to produce iron weapons to equip eight hundred cavalry. Apparently, his own smithy can’t produce all he needs. Also, Dragonton is to be fortified. The king fears that your smithy is vulnerable to attack from the sea. I cannot offer you any manpower. I must use my resources to strengthen the defenses of Westhaven.”
Trak and Ran have a problem—how to fortify Dragonton and at the same time significantly increase weapons production? Since the night he escorted Terrin Samraet back to his father, Trak hasn’t seen the white goblin. He wonders how the work on the goblin hive is progressing. Perhaps, Ghad Samraet can help him with his problem.
Alone, Trak travels the tunnel to the hive. He carries no torch, relying on his blue glow to light his way and announce his coming. He approaches goblins working in the plantation and asks to be taken to Ghad. As he is escorted through the hive, Trak notes considerable improvement in the hive’s appearance. All the staircases have been recut and the collapsed walls repaired.
Terrin meets him at the door to the hall and accompanies Trak to where Ghad stands waiting. “Welcome, Trak Dragonfire,” he says in greeting. Trak complements Ghad on the appearance of the hive and addresses the reason for his visit.
“When we last spoke, I said the day would come when we might find a way to be useful to each other. I need to build a castle to protect my iron works from a threat from the sea. I need skilled masons, as many as I can find. I wish to know if your masons will work for me.”
Ghad considers for a moment. Work on the hive is not finished, but critical repairs have been completed. The size of the hive continues to grow, and each day he has more mouths to feed. “Can you pay with grain?” Ghad asks. Trak believes it can be arranged.
Ghad puts Terrin in charge of a hundred goblin masons. They come at night and study the layout of the iron works. Lord Ran and the smithy workers watch apprehensively as the goblins study the terrain. A week later, Terrin presents his concept for a castle to Trak and Ran. He is illiterate and cannot sketch his plan; he points at the surface and describes what will be constructed. Ran insists that men will not be comfortable sleeping inside tunnels. They must have sunlight and something to look at. When Trak and Ran are satisfied the design includes kitchens, dormitories, armories, workshops, stables and other components the castle needs, work begins.
Ran worries. How can they build without reference to sketches? Ran can only half visualize what the finished castle will look like, but he knows it will not be like any castle he has ever seen. Most of the castle will be built inside the cliff; only the battlements and living quarters will appear atop the cliff. Each night the goblins enter the building site through the tunnel beneath Trak’s broch and commence cutting the castle from the cliff’s interior. The workers in the smithy hear the chiseling but almost never see a white goblin. When Trak and Ran visit, they are amazed that each of the hundred masons now leads a team. The goblins begin by digging three massive ventilation shafts, each twenty strides in diameter and spaced fifty strides apart. Around these shafts the goblins carve circular staircases that spiral forty strides down into the earth. A landing is constructed at every turn of the staircase, connecting the stairs to large rooms. The rooms on the seaward side are provided with windows, doors and balconies. The cliff slowly becomes honeycombed with staircases and passages. Tons of rock are carted from the interior of the cliff and used to construct a levy that circles the cove and forms a protective harbor. Each morning, the levy stretches two strides farther out to sea.
When the castle’s principle chambers are complete, the goblins excavate shafts for chimneys and plumbing. Water is diverted from the stream that runs through the basalt field into the castle. It flows into troughs cut from the rock to dispensing points in the kitchens and bathing areas. Toilets are positioned along the cliff face, so waste will fall into the sea and be swept away by the tide. A broad ramp connects the castle to the harbor. A balustrade follows the ramp as it ascends the cliff face. It is reinforced with machicolations for defense and adorned with decorative niches for sculptures. Two fortified gates straddle the ramp at key points.
To satisfy Lord Ran’s need for a commanding visage; a tall tower is built on top of the cliff. On the landward side, a wall encloses the tower and the two smaller brochs. The side facing the sea is left open so the full extent of the keep and its gardens is visible to any ship approaching.
Two years after the project began, the castle is habitable. The baron sends a hundred troops to man the castle while the white goblins continue to cut out chambers for dormitories and storage rooms. There is no limit to how large the interior of the castle could become.
In exchange for the goblins’ labor, the Baron sends three large wagonloads of grain each week. Two feed the goblins working on the castle. The contents of the third are transported into the mountain. With the core of the castle nearing completion, Trak realizes it is time to drastically reduce the size of the goblin workforce.
***
He meets with Ghad to discuss the situation. “I see your hive has grown prosperous,” Trak compliments the goblin leader. “Why has Tironock left you in peace? Is it because your hive is so near the surface?”
Ghad replies, “That is half of it; the second reason is the hive is near water. Water neutralizes Tironock’s ability to access the power of the Earth.” Ghad recognizes the castle he has built for Trak is almost complete, and he would have to find another way to feed his population. Fortunately, his underground plantations are now productive. He asks Trak, “Does King Red need any other castles constructed?”
In response to Ghad’s question, and with the Baron Teiber’s approval, Trak invites King Red to come and inspect the castle. The Baron furnishes the quarters the king will occupy, while Lord Ran hires cooks and servants to purchase the food and prepare the courses for the anticipated banquet.
King Red arrives a fortnight later and brings Queen Meriem and her twins. Trak can’t completely suppress a smile when he sees the king escort his mother into the castle’s feast hall. The king is seated at the head of an ornately carved oak table. Queen Meriem sits on his right and Baron Teiber on his left. Trak and Ran are placed on the Baron’s side of the table and the king’s senior military commanders next to the queen. From his seat, Trak can hardly see the queen, let alone converse with her.
Light from the setting sun streams through glass panes and bathes the blue and gold rugs and tapestries in a warm light. Trak wonders, how did the goblins create a space that surface dwellers would enjoy aesthetically? As darkness falls, the hearth and torches are lit. The king revels in the novelty of sitting in an underground banquet hall.
The toilets are a favorite with the king. He and Baron Teiber are discussing the castle’s innovative features when the king inquires as to the cost of the construction. “Hiring hundreds of skilled craftsmen must have been costly,” the king speculates. Trak and the Baron realizes at the same moment, the king doesn’t know the castle was built by goblins. How would the king react when he learns thousands of goblins are living only a few leagues from where he is eating? The Baron can’t think of a safe answer so he defers, “Lord Trak, would you explain the financial details to His Majesty.”
Trak is caught unprepared but recovers quickly, “Your Majesty, we found a group of refugees who were so desperate they worked for food.”
The king is excited. “That is amazing! They did all this in less than three years just for food? Where can I find these refugees? I need them to build a new fortress along my eastern border.”
“I’m sure they would be honored to build the fortress for you, but there is one problem.” Trak hesitates a moment before saying, “They are goblins.”
“Well, I guess that is not so bad, we have hundreds of goblins working in our mines. Some even travel about as free men,” the king replies.
“These are rather special goblins, My Liege. They prefer to stay out of site of men and work only at night.”
“Well, that is peculiar, but not a problem,” the king concludes.
“At your pleasure, I will negotiate with the refugees for however many skilled workers Your Majesty requires. They will need tools, but require only food as payment. When Your Majesty is ready to commence, I will ensure the workers are available where and when you need them,” Trak responds.
“A most generous offer,” the king heartily replies. “I will have my advisors work with you. This discussion reminds me. When the baron first brought you to my kingdom, I understood you would make new pyrotechnique weapons. Has any progress been made on that score?”
“No, Your Majesty. The task would occupy my full attention, and I will need special facilities and suppliers of particular ingredients. Is there, perhaps, an accomplished alchemist in your kingdom who would have the facilities needed?”
“I don’t know how accomplished he is, but there is an alchemist who occupies a workshop in my fortress. Why don’t you visit and see if he has what you need? The pyrotechniques are a matter of some urgency. If the situation fails to improve dramatically, I will be at war with Eastland next summer,” the king reveals.
“I should come immediately,” Trak acknowledges. “After meeting the alchemist, I can visit the site where you intend to build the fortress. Familiarity with the location will be useful in hiring the correct number of refugees.”
When the king retires for the evening, Lord Ran and Trak walk out on the balcony where they watch the moonlit sea. Ran observes, “It has been nearly six years since you came to the kingdom. You once said that you wanted to leave after five years. Has that time now arrived?”
“Perhaps, it is time. The king calls me to be an alchemist. If he builds another fortress in the east, I will become the intermediary between men and the white goblins. It looks like I will be gone for a long time.”
Lord Ran asks, “How should I pay you for your fifteen percent share in the iron works?” Trak has not thought about what his share is worth. “Most of the value of the operation is in the buildings and in the skills of the workers. I give my father half of our profits in payment for the use of his craftsmen. Most of the remainder is reinvested in the enterprise.”
“I don’t need a lot of money. I would be happy with a small stipend, enough cash so I will not have to beg the king should I require something,” Trak suggests.
Trak visits Ghad that night and tells him of the pending opportunity. Trak promises to return when he has more specific information about the planned fortress.
The next morning King Red departs and Trak goes with him. The king seems eager to talk to Trak about pyrotechniques and invites Trak to ride at his side. His mother and her twins, Trak’s half siblings, ride in a wagon behind the king and listen to their conversation. When the king excuses himself and drops back to discuss something with his military commander, his mother asks him, “Have you heard from Krage?”
“No, but I had contact with his mother a year ago. At that time she and Krage were in the goblin capital. I haven’t spoken to my grandmother since, and I have had no contact with Krage.”
“Are you going to avoid speaking to your father forever?” his mother asks with a hint of frustration.
“No, that is not my intent, but I find it hard to melt the ice between us,” Trak replies.
“Before the king returns, I need to warn you all is not well in the kingdom. The eastern border is unstable, and the king’s eastern nobles are likely to shift their allegiance if King Red cannot provide better security. The king hopes your new explosive weapons will alter the conflict in his favor.”
“Thank you for the warning. Does the king treat you well?” Trak inquires.
“The king grows old and has lost the hunger which once drove him. He is more like a grandfather than a father to his children. He has become the kingdom’s caretaker and hopes to live until his son is old enough to take the throne. At times he asks me to join him when he entertains an important visitor, but usually he leaves me alone with my ladies in waiting. At times, I miss Krage, but I have no intention of ever returning to the goblin capital. My life is not complete, but it is tolerable. My children give me much pleasure.”


Chapter 29

City of Neu Ardonbrae: The Thaumaturgist Makes a Journey

Krage tires of his routine in the Septantrak and decides to take an official tour of the temple’s outlying communities. In the thirty years he has been Thaumaturgist, he has never performed what is regarded as an essential obligation of his office. Krage intends to make a loop around the kingdom and return by way of the west coast. Along the route, he will visit the Septantrak’s major coastal communities.
He asks the king for a small guard to escort him. He is surprised when Hogarth Kingfriend and four other palace guards arrive to accompany him. Hogarth says his days as master-at-arms are over. He is too old for the job, and at Lord Lizardthroat’s instigation, the king appointed a new master.
“Welcome, Master Hogarth,” says Krage. “We both grow old. Let us take this final journey together. We will speak of days that others have forgotten and enjoy the ales of every tavern in the kingdom.” Krage was true to his word. 
On a warm spring day the party sets off for the east. They travel slowly through the countryside, enjoying each tavern they encounter on the way. They linger at every vista, knowing it will likely be their last chance to view the rich earth that has ever been so generous. The Thaumaturgist is greeted at each small temple enclave as though an awaited messiah has at long last arrived. It has been more than fifty years since a Thaumaturgist visited and thanked them for their faithfulness. He preaches a message of brotherhood. He is sure tolerance will be required to defeat Tironock. Krage notes the needs of each community he visits. He will speak with Alrik when he returns and send long overdue aid.
When he arrives at an enclave named The Rocks by the Sea, he is greeted by Alexia. She is now running the small community of twenty followers. She and Grenab Spidermouth have two children. It is Cook who prepares the welcoming meal. His former companions seem content with their simple lives. Hogarth and Grenab's reunion is emotional. They reminisce over the Battle of Dragon’s Belly and their rescue of King Giforing until the ale they consume puts them to sleep. Alexia pries Krage for news of Myrel. He assures her she is well and is preparing to take her place as the next Thaumaturgist should she be chosen.
Alexia worries the Thaumaturgist will remember she never completed her Initiate’s Trial and, therefore, isn’t eligible to lead her enclave. Krage has not forgotten, and in the morning, before he leaves, he assembles the clerics and announces that Alexia has passed her Trial. In front of her friends and family Alexia takes the Vow of Septan, the First Thaumaturgist. By the Blood of the Stones of Septan she swears to serve the Spore.
Hogarth considers staying, but in the morning departs with Krage for Kaseel, the large community near the border of Eastland. When Krage arrives at the fortress-like enclave that stands atop a craggy hill, he finds the gates locked. He is made to wait until the head cleric is summoned and orders the gate opened. Krage and the head cleric remember each other from their days as Initiates. The cleric is Atzel Lizardthroat, none other than Melkerei’s younger brother. Atzel dislikes Krage for siding with King Giforing, and has been openly hostile toward him because of the mess he created over King Red’s queen. Atzel is forced to wear his most diplomatic face and apologize for making Krage wait at the gate. “Marauding bands from Eastland have grown bold of late, and I have ordered the gates locked for the protection of the community’s inhabitants.”
After escorting the Thaumaturgist to the simple cell that is reserved for visitors, Atzel orders a meal prepared and sets with Krage while he eats. Although he dislikes Krage, he isn’t going to miss this opportunity to gather news from the capital and brief the Thaumaturgist on the needs of his enclave.
Krage has barely begun eating when Atzel relates, “The fighting between King Red and the Eastland nobles threatens to spill into the goblin kingdom. Five years ago, Eastlanders began raiding Bretwalda. King Red responded by building a new fortress and manning it with raiders of his own. He has burned and plundered the lands of Eastland, forcing refugees to flee north into the forests of the goblin kingdom. The refugees steal from local farmers. I fear that even the enclave isn’t safe. It is time King Lorring sends troops to protect us.”
“Surely, you have sent word to your brother. What does he say?” Krage asks.
“He is delighted that pig faces are fighting pig faces. He hopes they will so weaken each other that our southern border will be safe for a generation. He is prepared to wait and see how the conflict develops.”
“I’ve heard that King Red’s new fortress was built by goblins,” the Thaumaturgist asks for confirmation.
“Possibly, some say goblins built it and others say it was King Red’s sorcerer, a cross-breed who calls himself Dragonfire. By all accounts, it is a strange piece of witchcraft. It is built in a mountain from the inside out. Outside, all that can be seen is a giant cave-like opening that resembles the maw of a giant worm. No one knew of the fortress’s existence until its entrance was suddenly blasted from the mountainside. Some say that any army that enters will find itself in a maze of tunnels and be lost forever. Each morning, cavalry ride out of the worm’s belly and raid Eastland. The tactic has effectively reduced the border to a wasteland. The Eastland nobles are in a panic. Queen Fae is preparing to come to their aid. It is rumored she is assembling a force to march on the new fortress.”
“Where did King Red find goblins willing to build his fortress?” Krage asks.
“Not from around here, that much is certain. There aren’t enough skilled masons in these parts to keep this enclave repaired. Some say, King Red’s sorcerer made a pact with subterranean wraiths that have come south fleeing Tironock Kan.”
When Atzel retires and Krage is alone in his cell, he puzzled on what he has learned. He is certain that King Red’s new sorcerer must be his son Trak. His son’s involvement with white goblins concerns him. Has Trak fallen under the influence of Tironock? Is it possible that the Second Sowing will begin in the south?
For the first time since his escape from the hive beneath Ardonbrae, Krage projects his spirit. He sends it flying over the border in search of King Red’s new fortress. He finds its maw-like opening and enters.
He is in a broad tunnel that is tall enough to accommodate a man on horseback. At the far end, the tunnel branches into numerous passages. He doesn’t know where to look for his son, so he ascends a wide staircase that leads to a dining hall. Thirty men sit about a hearth eating and drinking. They cannot see him and are too drunk to sense his presence. Krage listens to their conversations.
“Queen Fae's attack will come soon. It has been days since we ‘ave fought Eastland raiders. They ‘ave all pulled back to prepare for a siege on this fortress,” indicates one man.
“Let ‘em come,” says another. “I want to see the looks on their faces when they meet with the fortress’ defenses.”
Krage leaves the dining hall and ascends a series of stairways. He reasons that Trak will choose somewhere near the top of the mountain for his personal quarters. Indeed, he finds Trak writing at a desk. His son senses his presence immediately. “Hello, Father. What brings you? I hope nothing is wrong?” Trak lays down his quill and turns to face Krage. He expects to see Krage looking six years older than when he last saw him. Instead he sees Krage as he appeared in his youth. Of course, thinks Trak, the spirit doesn’t age the same as the body.
“Queen Fae is about to move against Bretwalda. I have come to see your new fortress for myself. It is impressive. Will it stop the Eastlanders?” asks Krage.
“Yes, it will consume their army in a single swallow,” Trak replies almost casually. “How is my grandmother?”
“She grows feeble. Her time is short. She spends most days conversing with her ancestors. She says she will wait until the Second Sowing before joining them. I don’t know why she is certain the Sowing is so near at hand,” Krage replies.
“What will you do when the Sowing comes?” Trak asks.
“I have sought the answer for a lifetime and am no closer to knowing what must be done. Perhaps, the next Thaumaturgist will find the answer.”
Trak is glad he wouldn’t have to deal with the problem. “Do you know who is to be the next Thaumaturgist?”
“The Earth Spirit will choose whom she pleases. In the past, it has always been a direct descendant of the First Thaumaturgist. I do not believe Shenal Ken has forgotten of your existence, though there is another she may choose,” Krage adds.
Before Trak can ask who the other might be, Krage inquires about Queen Meriem. Trak replies, “It is interesting you should ask. I am just finishing a letter to her. Her twins are now almost five. They give her endless pleasure. She once told me that she misses you, but not her life in the goblin capital.” Krage thanks him for his kind words and departs.


Chapter 30

Goblin Fortress, Bretwalda: The Spider’s Web

Queen Fae’s army advances on the goblin fortress. She leads her infantry by the most direct route while her two cavalry units approach at oblique angles. She hopes not all of her strength will be detected, and the enemy underestimates the size of her force. She believes she has an overwhelming advantage over the fortress defenders. Her scouts report only a hundred cavalry occupy the fort.
Fae sits upon her warhorse watching fifty of King Red’s raiders leave the goblin fortress for their daily raid on Eastland; she is set to ambush them as they cross the border. Her infantry outnumber the mounted raiders ten to one. When the raiders attempt to cross the bridge that defines the border, Fae’s infantry attacks. She is recognized immediately as a large, heavy woman who wears a thick wool dress under her iron mail. The raiders, seeing they are outnumbered, turn and gallop toward the fortress. Fae’s cavalry close on the retreating raiders from either side, but King Red’s horsemen reach the mouth of the fortress half a league ahead of their pursuers.
Queen Fae’s cavalry doesn’t hesitate. The horsemen barely slow their charge as they enter the mouth of the fortress, expecting to engage the defenders. Instead, the Eastlanders find themselves in a long empty tunnel. They come prepared to deal with the darkness, and light their torches. At the end of the tunnel, they spot a wide staircase and several passages. The Eastland cavalry commander leads half of his force into the only tunnel large enough to accommodate mounted horsemen. The commander reasons at the end of the tunnel there must be a chamber large enough to accommodate the fleeing raiders. As the pursuers move deeper into the mountain, the tunnel narrows until the horses are forced to proceed single file.
The Eastland commander has guessed wrong. A heavy oak door, secured from behind with crossbars, blocks the end of the tunnel. When the commander arrives at the door, he is stymied. Convinced the raiders are hiding behind its heavy planks, he is forced to back up and make space for men with axes to hack through the door. The commander’s decision to back up has to be relayed to the last man in a long line that leads back toward the tunnel’s entrance. The time he wastes in urging his mount backwards through the tunnel infuriates the commander. At that moment, Queen Fae arrives with her infantry. She orders her units to search the smaller passages. The infantry moves cautiously through the dark tunnels and ascends the staircases. They discover the tunnels are deserted. The searchers report only small storage rooms. All the tunnels lead to dead ends.
When Queen Fae is sure the smaller tunnels are empty, she begins ascending the wide staircase. They pass through the deserted dining hall. Fae splits her forces, sending half through the corridors that branched off the hall, and the remainder to follow her up the spiraling staircase.
Queen Fae is beginning to suspect a trap. She has led her entire force into an empty fortress that consists of a maze of tunnels. The only way out is back down the staircase. She gives the order to fall back to the entrance. That is when she hears the blast and feels the shock wave shake the mountain. “What is happening? Go find out,” Fae sends soldiers running down the staircase to investigate.
“We are trapped, my Queen,” reports the breathless soldier who returns a few moments later. The explosion collapsed the roof of the tunnel above the staircase. Queen Fae and three hundred of her infantry are trapped in the upper levels.
The explosion sends splintered rock and dust flying through the main tunnel. Queen Fae’s men are partially protected from the shrapnel by their armor, but the horses suffer horribly and many bolt toward the light coming through the fortress’ entrance. Before the stampeding horses reach the front of the tunnel, another explosion collapses the rock above the door, sealing the main entrance. Those whom Queen Fae counted on for rescue are now themselves trapped. The cavalry commander realizes it is up to him. He orders his men to clear the rock blocking the staircase and free the trapped queen. He tries to conserve his remaining torches and sends men searching the supply rooms for more. His men return with news, “The boxes in the storerooms are empty.”
As his men dig through the collapsed rock, it becomes clear the trap has been cleverly constructed. Tons of loose rock were positioned on ledges above the staircase and entrance to the mountain; the amount of debris released by the explosions is massive. The commander realizes that the oak door at the back of the tunnel is their only escape. It takes a quarter of an hour to hack through the heavy door. Instead of finding daylight, the commander finds the tunnel continues. He abandons his horse and leads his men down the tunnel until they emerge on the other side of the mountain. They walk into the dazzling sunlight to discover they are standing on a ledge overlooking a chasm. A drawbridge that connects the ledge to the other side of the chasm is raised, and fifty archers and fifty cavalry stand on the other side. Anyone who attempts to climb through the rift would meet a hail of arrows and spears.
The commander retreats back into the tunnel and spends the day freeing his queen. Queen Fae walks to the drawbridge and sees escape in that direction is impossible. She reasons, if they are able to clear the debris from the main entrance, her army could fight their way out of the trap. The army faces a more immediate problem; the soldiers are down to their last torches. The trapped Eastlanders gather everything they can find that is flammable and ignite a fire near the buried front entrance. They even burned what is left of the oak door.
In the smoky tunnel, Queen Fae sees her army slowly making progress. In a few more hours they will break out of the fortress. She becomes hopeful and begins discussing with her commander how to best engage the enemy that waits outside when a voice echoes through the tunnel. “Queen Fae your efforts to free yourself are in vain. There are more explosives embedded in the roof of the tunnel. I have but to light a fuse and you and your entire army will be buried. If you give up your weapons, I offer you the opportunity to walk out alive.”
“Where are you?” shouts the angry queen.
“I am in the fortress above you. As you must now know, what you thought was our fortress is merely a decoy. The true fortress is above,” Trak declares.
“I think you are bluffing,” retorts the queen. “You have no more explosives. If you had them you would have already used them.”
Trak lights several ceramic smoke grenades and rolls them down a tube into the tunnel below. They shatter, and fill the space with acrid smoke. The eyes of those trapped burn and tears run down their faces.
The queen and her army are forced to move away from the entrance. Trak speaks again, “Next time I will send explosives and not merely smoke.” The queen realizes her situation is desperate. Soon the fire she lit will extinguish and her army will be left in the dark.
Fae asks, “Do you guarantee the safety of my men?”
“After they toss their weapons into the chasm at the rear of the tunnel, they are free to return home,” Trak assures her.
The queen doesn’t trust Trak, but she can think of no alternative. She orders her men to proceed one by one to the back of the mountain and throw their weapons into the rift. She comes last and is preparing to throw her father’s great sword into the pit when Trak speaks from across the chasm, “It is not necessary for you to surrender your sword, Your Majesty. Please join me in my tent for a moment before I release your men.”
The drawbridge is lowered. Trak offers a courtly bow and escorts the queen to his tent where he orders a basin of fresh water brought. “Perhaps you would like to wash before we talk?” Trak suggests. When the queen has washed some of the soot and acrid chemicals from her skin, she sits opposite Trak who calmly waits.
“I am Trak Dragonfire, the commander of Goblin Fortress. I hope by speaking with you directly, I can better understand the reasons for the conflict between our kingdoms.”
The queen studies Trak’s strange half-goblin features that give his face a sense of the mystical. Cross-breeds are unheard of in her kingdom. “Five years ago King Red’s eastern nobles began raiding our border and we were forced to fight back,” the queen states accusingly.
“That is truly interesting,” replies Trak, “because King Red tells almost the same story. Only in his version, the Eastland nobles were the first to raid.”
“Does it matter how it started. Today, we were humiliated, an insult we cannot forget. We are a strong and proud people; we will return and seek revenge,” the queen threatens.
“I know you speak from your heart, Your Majesty, but there is another way. Let us agree to a truce. Let each sovereign demand under penalty of loss of lands and titles that their nobles stop raiding.”
“Before today, the plan might have succeeded, but now that I have been defeated, I doubt that any of my nobles will heed my commands.”
“Your Majesty, you are not defeated; rather, the battle has been avoided. Let us work together to clear the front of the fortress so that you might ride home and tell your people that your campaign brought an end to the border dispute. Perhaps, in a few months you and King Red can meet on the border and in a sunlit meadow sign a parchment to make it official.”
Events went as Trak proposed. After Trak’s men helped the Eastlanders clear the front of the fortress, Queen Fae gathered her wounded and dead and headed for home. When her army arrived at the border, they found all their weapons piled on the road. When King Red and Queen Fae met some weeks later to sign the treaty, they found they actually liked each other. The king was attracted to the blunt-spoken warrior queen who was the first women in his life he considered his equal.


Chapter 31

King Red’s Fortress, Bretwalda: The Prophecy

Trak did not attend the treaty signing. After he dispatched a goblin workforce to repair Goblin Fortress and make modifications, he returned to King Red’s citadel to continue his study of sorcery. The Chronicles of Bretwalda recorded several historical events in which sorcerers performed magic. They had conjured great winds to drive invading ships onto rocks, brought a fire rain to pellet a goblin army, raised spirits of the dead to man a battlement, and so forth. These magical feats were embedded in such dry historical accounts Trak felt they must have actually occurred. But how? The histories never revealed how sorcerers work their magic. Trak spent days searching the royal library for clues without success, but in the workshop of Strand Beedle, the king’s alchemist, he found ancient parchments that were helpful.
Trak met Beedle three years before, when King Red ordered him to manufacture pyrotechnique weapons. Beedle reminded Trak of Krage; they both had prodigious memories. Lord Ran referred to Beedle as the “Book Eater” because of the mass of knowledge he had mastered. Trak soon realized that Beedle could have made the explosives the king coveted but kept his knowledge to himself. “Not everything that can be done should be done,” Strand warned. Trak showed Beedle the alchemy recipes he had copied from Krage’s alchemy texts nearly a decade before. Beedle confirmed the usefulness of some, denied the efficacy of others, and was pleased to discover some of which he was unfamiliar.
Together, they used a recipe to improve the metal used in the kingdom’s coinage. They added copper and silver to gold to produce an alloy that made the coinage brighter and harder. Trak designed the iron dies used to stamp the obverse and reverse sides of the coins. On the front, Trak placed the head of the king and surrounded his profile with goblin glyphs. The glyphs appeared merely decorative to those unfamiliar with goblin script, but read, “King Red, High King of Bretwalda.” The back of the coins varied. Some displayed the stone serpent that climbed the tower of the king’s fortress; others contained Trak’s personal mark, a dragon serpent entwining a flaming sword. The image haunted him, and he returned to it time and again to create new versions.
Strand Beedle was not particularly surprised the first time Trak entered his workshop. A new sorcerer was in the kingdom. Beedle had heard how Trak projected his voice into the king’s mind on the day the queen returned. He knew Trak commanded Underworld goblins to build magical fortresses. He had seen the mystical flicker produced by the Dragon Fire weapons. Beedle considered himself the greatest alchemist in Bretwalda and Trak’s equal in magical skill. He expected the sorcerer to seek him out.
What Strand didn’t expect was how much Trak resembled his old friend Krage and Queen Meriem. Trak had all of Krage’s features, softened by his human mother’s contribution. On the day Trak first entered his workshop and said, “I am Trak Dragonfire,” the alchemist replied, “Welcome, Son of Krage and Queen Meriem.” The greeting startled Trak, who retorted, “Please don’t mention my parentage. You will get me killed!”
Trak found among the books Beedle kept in his workshop a tome devoted to incantations. Each incantation followed the same basic pattern. First, the sorcerer prepared himself for the ritual by purifying his soul. Then he cleansed the space where the incantation would be performed. This meant establishing wards to keep out unwanted spirits. Each incantation called forth a powerful entity to serve the sorcerer. The summoned entity then performed the required task. This type of magic wasn’t about personal power as much as enlisting the services of powerful beings.
Trak asked Beedle what his experience had been with the incantations. Beedle replied, “I once summoned a demon to curse a rival. When I spoke the words of power, I lost consciousness and awoke several hours later on the floor of my workshop.”
“Did the curse succeed?” asked Trak.
“Apparently, it did,” replied Beedle. “The rival contracted a hideous disease that left his face and body covered with lumps. Surgeons excised the tumors, but they grew back. The man lived another ten years and became horribly disfigured before he died. The experience left a bad taste in my mouth. I’ve never tried to cast another spell.”
“In the royal library, there is a tale of a sorcerer who caused fire to rain on a goblin army. How do you think he accomplished such a feat?” Trak asked.
Beedle replied, “You speak of my great grandfather, the Fire Sorcerer. My father told me that my ancestor accomplished the feat by sewing several large bladders out of fine silk. He inflated them with hot air and floated them over a battlefield. He ordered archers to puncture the bladders with flaming arrows. Each bladder carried flammable liquid that ignited and fell on the attacking goblins. The trick caused little damage but much panic among the goblins.”
“I confess I’m disappointed; your great grandfather’s act was cunning but more trickery than magic,” Trak said.
“Magic of the type you seek is rare,” acknowledged Beedle. “Even what you call magic may just be trickery we don’t understand.”
“Allow me to demonstrate something.” Trak took a moment to calm himself and let the power of the earth enter his body until a blue glow emanated from his fingertips. “I believe this blue light comes from the earth’s magma. It helps me on occasion, but I know only a little about its secrets.”
“Well, your power is truly remarkable,” Beedle reflected. “I recognize its source; it was possessed by the original members of the Dragon lineage.” Until this moment, I thought the ability to harness the earth’s power was lost.”
“Krage has the ability. I have seen him use it, but his command of the power is limited, like mine,” Trak informed Beedle. “Can you tell me more about the power and how I can magnify and direct it?”
Beedle retrieved a book, the oldest in his library. “Let us consult The Chronicles of House Dragon. The original was penned nearly three thousand years ago. My edition claims to be an accurate copy. If any book in the kingdom contains a clue to the power of the earth, it will be this one.”
The script was archaic. Trak relied on Beadle’s command of ancient scripts to decipher the book’s contents. The tome began with the history of Septan Dragon, founder and greatest sorcerer of the House Dragon lineage.

Before Time, an orange light watched in darkness.
The Earth Spirit saw all things, knew all things.
It spoke the First Eloquence. The Earth formed.
A place for what was to be, both good and evil.
Last to emerge was Septan—Wonder Worker.
He delivered those seeking the light—First Sowing.
The Spirit slept, Septan absorbed its evil—splitting Father-Mother.
Overcome, Septan’s light extinguished.
The Chronicles of House Dragon


Beedle haltingly read, “In the beginning of our age, the Earth Spirit created Septan and endowed him with unique abilities. Of all the Earth Spirit’s creations, he alone was given the power to distinguish good from evil. The Earth Spirit commanded Septan to use his power to seek good and eschew evil. Septan’s senses were too acute. He found evil everywhere, even in the good he performed. When rain nurtured crops, it also brought floods, destroying lives. Fire kept people warm in the winter, but also burned their homes. Hunters fed the people but they also brought death and suffering to the prey. Septan was tormented because he found good and evil to be inherent in all things.”
“Septan’s torment drove him mad. In his madness, he schemed to banish evil. In an act of desperation, he grasped the power of flowing magma and attempted to draw all evil into himself. The evil was too great. Before he finished his task, it killed him. At his death the evil he had absorbed was released and Tironock Kan was born. In his madness, Septan had ripped the Earth Spirit into two separate entities. Tironock Kan began fighting Shenal Ken, the benign entity the weakened Earth Spirit had become, for dominion of the world.”
Trak began to grasp the magnitude of the Earth’s power. The prospect of such limitless power coursing through his body excited him more than anything he could imagine. The cascade of implications was overwhelming. Immediately, he wondered if he could shape the future using this power. He asked Beedle about the prophecy of the Second Sowing. “How could the power of the magma be used to stop Tironock from gaining dominion over the earth?”
Beedle offered no solution. In the end, Trak was determined to return to Dragonton, where lava flowed near the surface. There, he would master the secrets of the magma.


Chapter 32

City of Neu Ardonbrae: The Threat

Each day the magma flowed more forcefully in the caverns beneath the Septantrak. The ceiling of the cavern containing the giant stone likeness of Septan was now fully illuminated and the Stones of Septan glowed blood-red. True believers of the ancient religion overcame their fear of the wraiths living in the Underworld and began making pilgrimages to the ancient place of worship. Entrepreneurs went so far as to sell drink and food to pilgrims visiting the site. Myrel warned Lord Lizardthroat and other city officials that the pilgrimages were dangerous and would end in disaster. No political figure had the will to oppose the religious fervor sweeping the city or to stem the financial benefits the pilgrims brought.
One enterprising business offered guided tours to the ancient ruins of Ardonbrae. The entrepreneurs publicized the tour as the adventure of a lifetime. For a large sum, a squad of mercenaries escorted the rich into the ruins. Tourists returned telling stories of seeing white wraiths lurking in the shadows of the city. The stories only compelled others to pay the high price for the experience.
Alrik was alarmed by the fad. He still visited the hive beneath Ardonbrae and knew of the developing unrest. The white goblins were weary of living under the threat of Tironock. To escape Tironock’s capricious cruelty, the Queen Mothers talked openly of migrating to Ardonbrae or to the surface.
The Queen Mothers asked Alrik if it was possible to forcibly seize the temple. They wanted to know how many entrances there were and how each could be defended. Alrik admitted the temple was vulnerable to attack but described the difficulty of holding it against a determined counterattack. There were too many entrances to defend, and goblins on the surface were better trained and possessed better weapons. He reminded his Queens that Tironock’s power was increasing and by moving to the temple they wouldn’t escape Tironock for long. Soon, he would take corporal form and ascend to the surface where he could assert his cruel power over all surface inhabitants.
Alrik thought he had convinced the Queens it was folly to capture the temple, when the Queens informed him, “We have already appointed Ghad Samraet to lead the attack. He is a renegade commander in a hive to the south. He claims to have already trained two thousand soldiers. He is confident he can defeat the forces of goblins and men.”
“How can you hope to hide your army from Tironock’s gaze?” the stunned Alrik asked the Queen Mothers.
“We will not try,” the Queen Mothers replied. Revealing the full extent of their plan, the Queens say, “We will let Tironock believe the army is being created for his personal use. We will move to the surface before Tironock reaches his full power and leave the evil one behind. We hope to live in peace with the surface inhabitants, but if they oppose us, we will fight for our right to a place in the sun.”
“But what of the carnage? Thousands of our kind will perish,” Alrik protested.
“You have forgotten what our termite brothers taught us,” he was told. “Each of us exists only to serve the needs of the hive. As long as the hive prospers, all is well.”
Alrik reported what he had learned to the temple leaders. Myrel now sat among them as an equal.
Myrel spoke without hesitation. “I recommend we abandon the Septantrak. If we willingly turn the temple over to the white goblins, perhaps we can avoid a bloody war.”
The elders were outraged by her suggestion. “We have occupied the temple for a thousand years and have worshipped in the caverns for thousands more. The temple is worth dying to defend,” was their unanimous response.
“I understand the importance of the temple, and I, too, would die to preserve it if there was a chance of success. But in the end, after much life is lost, the temple will fall anyway. Then there will be little left of our religion to carry on,” Myrel argued. “Perhaps we should consult the Thaumaturgist,” she added.
Because of Krage’s lengthy absences, the clerics were accustomed to managing the temple’s affairs; they had all but forgotten that the Thaumaturgist was still the leader of the faith. They reluctantly agreed to let Myrel contact Krage and inform him of the situation.
***
She waits until evening when the tourists have vacated the caverns. She sits surrounded by the Stones of Septan. Bathed in the orange light of the flowing magma, she sends her spirit in search of Krage. She reasons he will by now be visiting one of the temple enclaves on the west coast. She finds him in the community ten leagues south of Halban by the Sea. He sits alone in his sleeping chamber, pondering what he has learned that evening from the enclave’s leader.
Myrel’s youthful spirit enters the chamber and sits opposite her father. “Welcome, Daughter. What brings you?”
“White goblins in the hive beneath Ardonbrae are preparing an army to invade the surface. Their plans are still vague, but it appears they want to seize the temple and hold it.”
“Has Tironock ordered the goblins to attack the surface?” Krage asks.
“According to Alrik, the Queen Mothers are hoping to escape Tironock’s tyranny by traveling to the surface before he comes to his full power. Tironock is aware of the army and has been led to believe it is being created to do his bidding. One more thing, Alrik says the Queen Mothers have chosen a military general to lead their army, a renegade commander named Ghad Samraet. He is living in a southern hive and already claims to have an army of two thousand.”
“Prudently, we should evacuate the temple,” Krage responds, “but the temple clerics will never willingly abandon the mountain. We can at least remove the families and many of the servants to other locations. Inform the temple leaders to begin relocating their families. I will proceed directly to the capital. Expect me in a week.”
Myrel’s spirit departs. Krage ponders over all he learned that day. The cleric overseeing the Halban by the Sea religious community informed him at dinner white wraiths had been seen on the Isle of Uisgebeatha. They are tunneling in the cliff below the castle. Duke Amin ordered all the underground passages below the castle guarded but not sealed. He believes if he seals the passages, the goblins will just redig them and take him in his sleep. Krage decides that his mother and his son should be made aware of the developments.
His spirit finds his mother in the palace. The news Krage brings concerns her. “I will depart for the Isle of Uisgebeatha to investigate.” Myrel is surprised to learn of Meg’s abrupt decision and promises to join her on the isle in a fortnight.
Krage’s spirit searches for his son, but Trak eludes him. He fails to find Trak in the Goblin Fortress on the eastern border. He traveles to King Red’s citadel where he again fails to sense Trak’s presence. He pauses for a moment when he catches a glimpse of Queen Meriem playing with two small children. In the morning Krage sets off for the capital.
Krage meets Meg as she travels south. The distance she has already covered surprises him. Meg informs him of the location of Trak’s iron works at Dragonton. “Ye might find him in his broch,” she suggests. Krage is concerned that Meg has only her litter bearers for protection on the road. He asks Hogarth and his guards to escort his mother to the isle. Krage feels he is near enough to the capital to proceed alone.
Deep in the earth, Tironock senses the spirits of the Thaumaturgist and his family conversing. He doesn’t know how the Thaumaturgist survived the venom of the rock viper, but he knows he lives and is once more plotting against him. Tironock closely monitors the growing strength of the earth’s magma. Each day his form becomes more corporal. Soon he will walk the surface and lead the goblins of the Underworld against the Thaumaturgist and all surface creatures. They will bow to him or be washed away in the flood unleashed.


Chapter 33

Once in an age, the Earth Spirit creates one who is meant to right a terrible wrong.
Ghad Samraet

Dragonton, Bretwalda: The Awakening

In the lava field a league from where he built his iron works Trak sits comfortably. He studies the power of the earth. He considers what he has so far deduced. My power grows stronger close to a flow. Using the power, I am able to project my spirit over great distances. I can reach the distant capital as easily as places close by. The power enables me to converse with members of my family and the evil presence inhabiting the earth. I am able to link my thoughts directly to the minds of men and goblins. Or can I? Perhaps, it was the Earth Spirit who spoke, and I was merely the Earth Spirit’s chosen vessel.
Krage shot a ball of energy into the air to startle an opponent, and I, or perhaps it was the Earth Spirit, sent a shower of sparks falling on men and goblins gathered for the exchange of the queen. The sparks that fly from my sword, Dragon Fire, seem to be another manifestation of the same phenomenon. All uses of the power can be characterized as a two-step process. First, one gathers the Earth’s energy and then one hurls something. It could be a bolt of energy, a thought, or even one’s spirit.
Trak wonders if he is able to hurl an object. He gathers power and wills a rock in front of him to move. It doesn’t budge. After an hour of trying, he gives up. He then tries sending his thoughts to Lord Ran, who is not a member of his family, and as far as he knows possesses no special gift. For five minutes he projects, “Wake up Ran! Meet me in the lava field!”
It is late when Trak heads home to his broch. As he scampers over the lava, he reflects on the news Krage has given him of the pending attack on the temple. He meets Lord Ran coming toward him. Trak greets him with a smile. “Trak, I had the strangest feeling you needed me. Is everything all right?”
Trak considers pretending he doesn’t know what Ran is talking about, but decides that is crying wolf. If Ran thinks I have played a joke on him he might not respond when I really need him. “I stumbled into a fissure and didn’t think I could get out. I called for your help, but was able to free myself before you arrived. Thank you for coming to my aid.”
“I’m glad you are not seriously injured. Why do you walk about the lava bed in the dark? It is not safe,” Ran responds with a hint of mockery in his voice to hide his unease with Trak’s ability to penetrate his mind.
When Trak and Ran approach their brochs, they encounter Ghad Samraet waiting. It is the first time the renegade commander has visited his broch. Ghad looks cautiously at Lord Ran and waits for the man to depart before speaking. “Events in the Underworld are unfolding rapidly. I thought I should bring you a warning.”
Trak starts to invite Ghad into his broch but realizes the white goblin is more comfortable outside. They go into the gardens. “I am building an army for the Queen Mothers who rule the hive beneath Ardonbrae,” he announces.
Trak responds, “You hope to seize the temple. In so doing, you hope to escape the influence of Tironock.”
Ghad looks startled. “I came to warn you so the families in the temple could evacuate, but I see they have already been warned. I don’t relish the idea of families being killed in the attack. The Queen Mothers are growing desperate. They are prepared to risk everything in an attempt to escape Tironock’s influence.”
Trak ponders for a moment before saying, “I have long wondered what you would do with the army you have trained.”
“You know of my army?” exclaims Ghad with distress in his voice.
“You didn’t expect me to think that you created your hive just to harbor thousands of unemployed masons did you? When you agreed to build fortifications for me, I considered the possibility your plan was to seize the fortresses and use them as strongholds from which to launch an invasion of the south.”
Ghad replies, “If you suspected I might seize the fortresses for my own use, why did you ask me to assist you, and why haven’t you sealed the subterranean tunnels that allows me access to them?”
“King Red needed defenses. I needed masons to build them. I reasoned that you were no fool. Seizing the fortifications and fighting King Red is but one of the options you had to consider, and not your best option. Your goal is the survival of your people. In the end, you know there is more to be gained by being useful to King Red. Occupying the fortifications would gain you little; it would cause King Red to attack. You are far safer hidden in your hive where King Red would be foolish to root you out. You can seize the fortifications any time after better options have failed.”
“If you know all that, can you guess why I have come to you this evening?” Ghad asks. Trak had not given the matter much thought, but apparently he has come for more than to deliver his warning about the temple. Trak hesitates, and it is Ghad’s turn to grin, “I see I may at last surprise you. I have come to ask you to be my sorcerer and to help me defeat Tironock.”
“Are you mad? How can you defeat a demigod?” Trak questions the commander’s sanity.
“Tironock is no natural deity. He should never have existed. He was created by misguided magic and by magic he can be destroyed.”
Trak ponders for a moment. “There is more to you than I know. What magic can stop Tironock?”
“My name is Ghad Samraet. It means Honorable Emperor. My ancestors were the first kings of the Underworld. When Septan, the first Thaumaturgist, in his madness ripped the Earth Spirit into two parts, he released Tironock Kan. Those who were able fled to the surface in what we call the First Sowing. Those left behind became Tironock’s slaves. For millennia my ancestors have schemed for a way to free ourselves from this great evil. Many have died trying. Painfully, we have studied Tironock’s weaknesses and learned how we might defeat him. Now our time grows short. Each day the magma in the earth flows more strongly, and the evil one becomes more powerful. I fear you and I are the goblins’ last hope.”
“Me?” blurts Trak. “Why do you include me in your crazy scheme?”
“You have pretended too long. You have a destiny which will overtake you, whether you wish it or not,” the goblin commander answers.
“I have abandoned the Septantrak and the kingdom of King Lorring,” Trak insists.
“That may be, but the Earth Spirit hasn’t abandoned you,” retorts the commander, as he stands facing Trak. “Eight years ago, when the Spirit spoke through you, I heard the voice commanding me to prepare for the Second Sowing. That is when I came south to rebuild the hive beneath your feet and prepare an army for the task. I have waited eight years for you to grasp the vision of your destiny, but time is running out. I need a sorcerer to prepare a trap to destroy Tironock. Perhaps, you need a small push.”
Trak reflects, Eight years. Has it been so long? What do I have to show for eight years? I have built an iron works and done King Red’s bidding. Is this all I was meant to do in life? Trak asks Ghad, “Why are you so sure it is my destiny?”
“Each member of the hive is bred to perform a specific task. Some are meant to be workers, some to be warriors and others to rule. Once in an age, the Earth Spirit creates one who is meant to right a terrible wrong and free his people. The odor that each member of the hive emanates marks him and identifies his function in the hive. Your scent is unmistakable. You are of House Dragon and the Earth Spirit’s chosen one. Do you really think it is a coincidence you are a descendent of Septan through two lineages?”
Trak reflects on what Ghad proclaimed. Once before, he denied a truth obvious to all others. He was the last to comprehend he was Krage’s son. Had he made the same mistake again? Was he meant to be the 60th Thaumaturgist of the Septantrak and a leader in the struggle against Tironock Kan? Was he wallowing in self-doubt when he had a task to perform? “What would you have me do?” Trak asks Ghad.
“Come with me to the Isle of Uisgebeatha. There, you will craft the magic needed to vanquish the demigod,” Ghad replies.


Chapter 34

Isle of Uisgebeatha: A Breach of Goblin Custom

When Krage returns to the temple, he and Myrel meet with the clerics. Except for Alrik, the clerics are adamant in their opposition to surrendering the Septantrak to the white goblins. Krage decides not to force the issue and chooses to compromise. All families will be evacuated and the temple’s most precious relics and documents sent to distant enclaves. If the temple is attacked, the remaining clerics will flee without attempting an armed defense. They would rely on the king’s army to regain the temple.
Myrel leaves the temple to join her grandmother on the Isle of Uisgebeatha. When she arrives, her grandmother has already been there a fortnight. Myrel treks the familiar path to the old goblin’s cave and walks in on her grandmother unannounced. Myrel sees the cave has been renovated. The surfaces are swept clean and freshly oiled parchment covers the window. Still, the cave seems barren without her grandmother’s plants drying from the cave’s roof.
Myrel greets Meg and asks how she accomplished so much, when Baelock enters. Myrel is astonished to see that Meg and Baelock actually look embarrassed. Even to Myrel, who is naïve and inexperienced in romance, the situation is obvious. Where Meg goes, Baelock always follows. Meg confesses, though they differed in age by a generation, the smith has been her lover for thirty-five years. Myrel grins sheepishly at her grandmother; she is more shocked by her resilient ardor than by her breach of goblin custom. “Baelock has built ye a hut. We thought ye needed privacy,” Meg informs her granddaughter.
To spare them the need for further explanation, Myrel asks, “What have you learned? Are the reports of white goblins on the island true?”
Meg replies, “Several months ago, villagers reported seeing white goblins emerge from a cave at night and dump rock tailings into the sea. Lord Farg and Neafon Damnfury, the captain of the household guard, entered the cave to investigate. They ventured a league down a tunnel, but made no contact with wraiths. Farg reports the tunnel continues deep into the earth. Farg knows we are here and asks us to notify him if we discover anything new.”
Baelock adds, “On several nights, I have sat on the cliff and watched hundreds of white goblins emerge from the cave to throw bundles of rocks into the sea. We don’t know where their tunnel is headed, but it grows longer each day.”
“We can learn no more by watching from the cliff. We must enter the tunnel and follow it to its end to learn what our subterranean brothers are up to,” Meg announces. “Tonight, after the white goblins have deposited their last bundle of rock, Baelock and I will follow them into the Underworld. We will have all day to observe. We hope to return to the surface before they begin transporting tomorrow night’s load. We may find it necessary to hide in the tunnel for a day or two. If we don’t return in three days, ask Lord Farg to mount a rescue.” Her grandmother’s instructions seem clear enough.
Myrel retires to the hut Baelock built for her. She is awakened in the night by a voice repeatedly calling, “Mother are you home?” Myrel looks out of her hut toward her grandmother’s cave. She sees a man standing at the door. Myrel wonders what a man is doing on the island. The stranger looks at Myrel and begins walking toward her. “Have you seen the old goblin?” he asks. As he draws nearer, Myrel realizes the visitor is not a man at all but a tall cross-breed. Myrel starts to say that the old goblin is not at home when her heart skips. Even in the dark, she recognizes Trak, whom she has not seen for eight years. “Trak, is that you?” she asks.
Trak recognizes her voice before she emerges from the shadows and he glimpses her face. “Myrel! Myrel, what are you doing here?” Trak exclaims.
“I live here. Why are you here?” Myrel responds.
“You live here? How is that possible? I thought you were a Temple Initiate.” Trak replies.
“I am that, but eight years ago I came here to learn the healing arts from the old she-goblin. I’ve been away for half a year and only today returned,” Myrel answers.
“You must have come to the island shortly after I left for King Red’s kingdom,” Trak speculates.
Myrel offers, “I have known Baelock casually for eight years, but only a few years ago, did I learn from the king’s smith that Baelock was your mentor here on the Isle of Uisgebeatha. I sought out Baelock to learn your fate, and he said you were taken prisoner by Baron Teiber. He believes you died in the south. He is in for a big surprise,” Myrel laughs.
“Baelock! Is he still here on the island?” Trak asks.
“He and Meg recently returned from the capital. They are sharing the cave,” Myrel replies.
“Do you mean they are living as husband and wife?” Trak asks incredulously.
“Apparently, they have been lovers since before Meg first came to the Isle of Uisgebeatha. They hid their secret well until I stumbled upon them accidently. There is trouble on the island, and Meg and Baelock have gone to investigate. They should return tomorrow or the next day.”
Myrel lights a lamp and the two sit at the hut’s table. Trak stares at the face he has thought about so often in the past eight years. It still displays the intelligence and dignity he remembers. Myrel thinks Trak looks older. His cheek scar has faded to a thin white line. He still has the warm smile she first noticed on the balcony where they met. “Why are you here?” Myrel asks.
Trak doesn’t know where Myrel’s allegiances lie, but if she is with his grandmother, he believes she can be trusted. “I have come to aid the subterranean goblins who are beneath the island preparing to confront Tironock Kan. They believe the Second Sowing is imminent.”
“Yes. Meg believes that goblins living in the hive beneath Ardonbrae will soon seize and occupy the temple. Meg came to the island to investigate the activities of the subterranean goblins. She has discovered white goblins are excavating below the surface and dumping their tailings into the sea. She and Baelock entered their tunnel this evening hoping to learn what the subterraneans are about.”
“They are building a new hive out in the channel,” Trak replies. “They believe that water blocks Tironock’s power. They hope the evil one will not be able to reach them beneath the sea.”
“How is it that you know this?”
“I have agreed to help Ghad Samraet, the goblin commander. He’s convinced me that I play a role in the future survival of goblins and men.”
“I wish you had arrived before Meg left. I fear the white goblins will catch her spying and harm will come to her,” Myrel laments.
“Perhaps we should leave immediately to see if they need our aid,” Trak suggests. Myrel fills a pack with provisions, and the two set off. He offers Myrel his hand as they descend the cliff. She doesn’t need assistance. Trak just wants to touch the pleasant softness of her skin.
Myrel squeezes his hand gently. “I have a confession to make,” she begins. “When you left eight years ago, I missed you sorely. I think I was starting to fall in love.”
“For what it is worth, I am still in love with the girl I met on the balcony. I regret losing you,” Trak confesses.
Myrel stops him as they cross the rocky coast and puts her arms around him. “The joy I feel in having found you again may not survive this night, but while joy is upon me I want to relish it.” She put her lips softly against his. For both, it was the first time they have experienced such intense longing for another. Myrel unties her robe, and lets it fall on the rocks. Trak’s fingers risks exploring the contours of her lithe body.
Trak realizes he not only wants her but would always want her. Without knowing how she would respond, he utters the traditional goblin words of bonding as he lays her on her robe. “I take you now and give myself forever.” Myrel repeats the vow. It is done. In the moonlight their two shadows become one. They could work out the details later.
***
Trak has acted rashly, but he has no regrets. He hopes Myrel would always feel the same. Trak leads Myrel to the tunnel where they wait for the subterranean goblins to emerge. Trak speaks to the first goblins that appear. He introduced himself as Lord Dragonfire, a name Myrel has never before heard, but one familiar to the white goblins. By torchlight their leader leads them through the tunnel to where the hive is being constructed. Trak is holding Myrel’s hand when they approach Ghad Samraet.
“I am pleased that you accepted my invitation to join us. I see you have brought a priestess,” Ghad courteously bows to Myrel.
“Commander Samraet, I would like you to meet Myrel Dragonfire, my spouse,” announces Trak. It pleases him to proclaim publicly his bond. Myrel undoubtedly has a family name of her own, which she might prefer, but Trak doesn’t know it, so he used his own, the one King Giforing bestowed on him. He is particularly pleased that he has found a mate without paying any regard to her station in life or having revealed that he is the son of the Thaumaturgist. Myrel shares the sentiment. She has bonded for love and no other consideration.
Samraet is surprised, not because Trak is married, but because he finds Myrel’s odor strangely confusing. It contains the same essence of the divine lineage that Trak’s possesses. In fact, if not for the female component, her essence and Trak’s are nearly identical. How is that possible?
Trak inquires, “Commander Samraet, we have much to discuss, but first we must ask about the safety of our companions who entered your hive last night, a male and an old female.”
Ghad looks puzzled. “I know nothing of intruders.”
Trak turns and shouts into the chamber, “You can show yourselves. All is well.” A moment later, Meg emerges from the shadows supported by Baelock and hobbles to the center of the chamber. While Ghad is trying to conceal his embarrassment for how easily the two have penetrated his underground lair, Trak presents the two who raised him, “Baelock, Master Metal Smith, and Meg, High Priestess of the Septantrak.”
Again, Ghad recognizes the odor of the Thaumaturgist’s lineage on Meg. It seems he has nearly the entire family standing before him. How strange, he reflects. I am preparing to attack the temple and three of the temple’s leaders are here acting like we are old friends. “Why have you come?” he asks Meg.
“The truth is we wish ye no ill will.” The Earth Spirit has commanded us not only to prepare for the Second Sowing but to seek common ground.”
The four surface dwellers stay for several hours while they discuss the deteriorating political developments and the white goblins’ plan to invade the temple. Baelock shares his concern, “The subterraneans can’t match the iron weapons of the royal army and the Secret Police. I offer to help you forge your own iron. I believe we can overcome the many technical difficulties.”
Myrel informs Ghad the Thaumaturgist convinced the temple clerics to evacuate their families. When the attack comes, the clerics will attempt to flee to safety and allow the army to fight for the temple. Myrel suggests Ghad allow the attack to develop slowly so the clerics have time to make their escape. Ghad asks Trak, “Will you prepare explosives to seal the temple entrances?”
As the surface dwellers ascend, Meg recalls how Trak introduced Myrel as his spouse. Impossible, she thinks. She notices how the couple holds hands and how sweetly Myrel’s face beams. The truth strikes Meg hard. The two are certainly in love. She says to Myrel, “How is it possible that you two are bonded?”
“We fell in love eight years ago when we met in the temple, but it wasn’t until last night when Trak suddenly appeared on the isle that we declared our bond to be husband and wife,” Myrel replies with a whimsical smile.
Meg gasps. They don’t comprehend what they have done? No! How could they? They were separated at birth and never told of the other’s existence. She didn’t have the heart to tell them they were siblings. Meg doesn’t know what to do, but says, “For now, keep your marriage a secret. I will explain later.” Trak doesn’t understand the need for secrecy. He is looking forward to his reunion with his old friend Farg. He wants to surprise the duke’s son with news of his marriage, but Meg insists Trak keep their bond a secret.


Chapter 35

Main Hive beneath Neu Ardonbrae

Krage’s second visit to the goblin hive beneath Ardonbrae is more pleasant than when he was there as a captive. After stopping to change his temple robe for a loincloth and to expose his commander’s tattoos, Alrik escorts the Thaumaturgist directly to the Great Hall where the Queen Mothers are holding court. One of the Queens speaks, “We are glad you survived the humiliation you suffered during your last visit. When Tironock is present, it accomplishes nothing to oppose his commands. It only increases his wanton destruction and killing. We are sorry we could do no more to aid you than suggest he throw you into the viper pit.”
“It was enough. Your thoughtfulness was most appreciated,” quips Krage with a smile. He would always bear the scar where the viper’s fangs penetrated his thigh. “Alrik has spoken to me of your concern for Tironock’s growing power and your desire to escape his influence. I have come to ask you if moving to the ruins of Ardonbrae might serve that purpose.”
“Possibly, but we are not certain. Presently, Tironock may not be able to control us in the higher levels of the mountain, but his power is growing. The day will come when he will follow us even on the surface. Tironock has acquired the power to enter our thoughts. We fear that soon he will make us one with his will. We must begin our exodus soon, while our spirits are still free to resist him. Our plan is to allow Tironock to believe we are under his control. We will convince him the time has come to invade the surface world. We will pretend to obey his commands, but once we reach the surface, we will forswear our allegiance and flee his wrath.”
“Of course, those on the surface will resist your incursion, and you will be caught fighting for your survival between Tironock and the armies of goblins and men,” observes Krage.
“Yes, but if that is our fate, we will die free,” two Queen Mothers reply in unison. It is as if the queens share one mind. “We hope to seize the temple and to exchange it for safe passage to lands where Tironock’s tentacles cannot reach us.”
“It would buy you time, but I fear that is all you will gain. We need a plan to defeat Tironock,” Krage emphasizes.
Another of the Queens speaks up. “Our military commander, Ghad Samraet, is building a new hive in the channel between the Isle of Uisgebeatha and the mainland. Water weakens Tironock. He appears to fear it. We hope beneath the sea we will be safe, no matter how powerful he becomes.”
“The surface dwellers on the Isle of Uisgebeatha have observed your tunneling. They view your activities as a threat. I will send word to the duke that no threat is intended. Your plan to seize the temple still concerns me. The temple is an important symbol to many of the surface dwellers. They will fight to defend it. We have evacuated the families of the clerics and many in the city are leaving, but others are preparing to fight if the Septantrak is seized.”
“We intend to seal all temple entrances and make that a difficult task,” a Queen replies.
Krage asked them how much time he has to prepare the surface dwellers for the coming events. “Our hive under the sea is not yet finished. By this time next year, we will be ready, but Tironock may force our hand sooner.”
Krage has failed to deter the subterranean goblins from attacking the temple, but he has gained a better appreciation for their motives. As Alrik and Krage pass through the ruins of Ardonbrae on their return to the surface, Krage remarks, “At least, tourist activity has ceased and many of the temple’s residents have relocated.”
***
On the Isle of Uisgebeatha, a messenger arrives at Meg’s cave announcing Queen Dorla has arrived on the island. The king has sent his queen to her childhood home to protect her from the threat of a white goblin invasion. Dorla no sooner arrives than she announces she is giving a party. Since marrying King Lorring, she has set the social tempo for the capital. Parties are her forte, and her first act of business on the island is to rescue Duke Amin and her cousin Farg from their provincial lifestyle.
For a week after returning to the surface, Myrel and Trak stay secluded in their hut. They emerge in the afternoons to take long walks through the island’s heather covered fields. When Trak is told of the party, he realizes Farg is still unaware of his return to the island. He decides to surprise his old friend with his appearance at the festivities.
Myrel, Meg and even Baelock have all brought clothes from the capital, but Trak needs something to wear. He enters the broch once occupied by Krage to see if any of the Thaumaturgist’s old clothes are still there. Trak is delighted. Despite all the years, the manikin in the broch still wears Krage’s suit of red leather armor. It is in need of repair, but when the silver medallions are polished, it would be most striking. He wants to surprise everyone with his costume, even Myrel. So he takes the leather armor to Wreen, the duke’s metal smith, and asks him to make the needed refurbishments.
Wreen is actually glad to see Trak and inadvertently divulges a secret that Baelock has kept for a decade. Wreen muses, “I wonder how different our lives would have been if I hadn’t agreed to promote ye to Master Smith in exchange for Baelock’s help in becoming the duke’s metal smith.”
The night of the gala arrives. Trak tells the others to precede him to the castle. He wants to arrive late and surprise the duke and Farg. “Be sure to notice the expressions on their faces when I’m introduced. You must describe it to me later,” he says to Myrel.
When the duke’s liege nobles have gathered in the castle’s feast hall, the introduction of dignitaries begins. Myrel is introduced as Lady Myrel Oregile, daughter of Krage the 59th Thaumaturgist of the Septantrak and Queen Meriem of Bretwalda. Farg remembers how upset his father had been several years ago when Myrel used her real name and titles. Thinking about the past, makes Farg nostalgic. His life had grown too tame.
Meg is introduced as Debrah Megai, High Priestess of the Septantrak and her escort as Lord Swordbeater, a title King Giforing bestowed on him for his years of service. Lord Farg and the Lady Vona, his spouse of four years, are introduced next. Dorla is introduced last as Her Majesty, the High Queen of the Goblin Realm.
Trak waits outside the keep until the musicians begin to play. He assumes all the introductions are over. It is time to make his surprise entrance. He gives his name to the Master of Ceremonies, who is flustered by Trak’s late arrival. He isn’t even on the official guest list. The Master of Ceremonies asks Trak if he would like to just walk in and mingle with the crowd. “It would be extremely rude to upstage her royal highness,” he explains.
“Announce me,” Trak insists.
The Master of Ceremonies steps into the feast hall and speaks in a commanding voice, “Your attention, please.” He waits for the musicians to stop playing and all eyes turn his way. “Lord Trak Dragonfire, the son of the 59th Thaumaturgist of the Septantrak and daughter of Queen Meriem of Bretwalda.” Trak steps into the chamber wearing the ceremonial uniform of a Thaumaturgist. He doesn’t realize the significance of the red armor he wears, but Myrel and Meg recognize it immediately.
Trak looks across the room and spots Farg. He looks like he had seen a specter. Trak is ecstatic that his surprise has worked so well. He walks across the room to greet his friend and notes the look of recognition on Queen Dorla’s face. What do you think of your kitchen boy now? Trak muses as he congratulates himself on his cleverness. By the time Trak reaches Farg, the duke’s son has recovered sufficiently to give his friend a warm welcome. As they embrace, Trak catches sight of Myrel. She is exiting the hall with a look of horror on her face. She is almost in tears. Trak begs Farg and the Queen to excuse him and races out of the hall in search of Myrel. Only Meg realizes what has just happened.
Myrel is not to be found in the courtyard. Trak goes through the gate in the outer wall and looks down the hill. He sees Myrel running toward the forest, but doesn’t catch up to her until she is back in her hut. “What has happened? Why are you so upset?” Trak pleads. Myrel tries to speak but all she produces are deep sobs and more tears.
“Please leave me,” she finally says. “I must be alone.” Trak walks as far as the old goblin’s cave, where he waits restlessly for Meg to return. She, too, leaves the party early, feigning illness. She finds Trak standing in front of her cave. “Where is Myrel?” she asks.
“She is in her hut, but she will not speak to me.”
“Ye still don’t know what has happened, do ye?” asks his grandmother. “Tis my fault; I should have told ye sooner, but I thought ye and Myrel didn’t even know of the other’s existence. How could I have anticipated ye would suddenly show up and bond with each other before I even knew ye arrived on the island?”
“Told me what?” Trak asks. He couldn’t imagine what Meg withheld from him.
His grandmother remembers the night twenty-seven years ago, the night Trak was born. “I was there the night Queen Meriem gave birth to twins, a boy and a girl. For their safety, it was decided to raise them apart. Neither was to be told of the other’s existence. The kingdom was in chaos. King Red was about to invade the kingdom and Lord Lizardthroat was plotting against the king. One of the twins had to survive to become the next Thaumaturgist. Ye were sent to this isle to be raised by Krage, Baelock and myself. Your sister was cloistered in the temple to be raised by her mother.”
The truth doesn’t register until his grandmother adds, “Myrel is your twin sister.”
The old goblin rested her hand momentarily on Trak’s shoulder. “I will speak with Myrel, Perhaps I can calm her.”
Trak removes the silly armor he wears. It makes me look like a boiled lobster, he thinks .He has not intended to be cruel, but he realizes that his joke on Farg is the cruelest possible stunt he could have pulled on Myrel. He hates himself for his self-absorbed antics. He has been bonded with Myrel only two weeks. Already he has ruined everything. Trak wanders into the night to be alone with his pain and self-loathing.
Meg enters Myrel’s hut and sits on the pallet beside her granddaughter. She holds her in an embrace for a long while before Myrel speaks, “What have I done?”
Meg considers for a while before answering. “Ye met a boy and fell in love. Ye waited eight years until that love could be fulfilled and then ye bonded. That is all ye have done.”
“But goblins don’t marry their brothers,” Myrel replies.
“As far as ye could have known, Trak was not your brother. Ye were raised apart. Ye never shared family life together,” Meg explains.
“Then why do I feel ashamed?” Myrel sobs. “Why do I feel like I have hurt Trak beyond repair?”
“I have spoken to Trak. He feels no bitterness toward ye. Rather, he is in pain for what he thinks he has done to ye and the cruel way he caused ye to discover the truth.”
“What must I do to fix this?” Myrel asks.
“Why, nothing at all,” replies her grandmother. “When I took Baelock for a lover no one would have approved of what I did. Therefore, I didn’t tell anyone and things worked out. As ye can imagine, I have never paid a lot of heed to social customs. Your father broke the strictest of taboos when he eloped with a married human female, a queen, no less. He has suffered for his decision, but for his love for the queen, he has no regrets. In the south royal lines frequently intermarry in order to preserve their lineages.”
In the morning, Myrel discovers Trak sitting in the stone circle at the edge of the cliff that faces the Western Sea. She is relieved he is safe; she imagined all manner of horrible things he might do to himself in his despair. He smiles weakly at Myrel as she approaches and sits beside him. After a few minutes he says, “I am sorry for the pain I have caused you and the predicament I have placed you in. I don’t know what you want me to do, but whatever it is, I will do it.”
“Are you sorry you married me?” Myrel asks.
“I have no regrets for myself. You have given me the happiest two weeks of my life,” he replies. “Had I known we had the same parents, I would have been glad to know you as my sister. I fear I have ruined that chance.”
Myrel responds, “Our grandmother was wise to insist we not publicly reveal our marriage. Only Meg, Baelock and Ghad Samraet know we are bonded. Let the rest of the world think of us as brother and sister. We will keep our marriage a secret, but in my heart I am married to you and will be forever.” She lay back on the grass and pulled Trak on top of her. Their release from their heightened emotional state made their love making even more pleasurable.
When they return to the forest, their grandmother glances up and says, “I see ye have made up. Would ye like some breakfast?”
***
A month has passed since Trak arrived on the island. His marriage remains a secret to all but a few. But even in their isolated existence, the ruse is hard to maintain. They have to avoid any public manifestation of affection, although Trak sometimes steals a kiss when no one is looking. He apologizes to Farg for leaving the party early. He explains Myrel suddenly became ill and he had to escort her to her hut. Farg pesters Trak with endless questions about his eight years in Bretwalda. Once he asks Trak why he hasn’t married. Trak replies that if he ever met a cross-breed he likes, he would. He regrets not being able to be honest with his friend.
Trak spends his time with Myrel, ignoring the problems of the subterranean goblins, until one day Baelock comes to him complaining, “We need your help. Our attempts to make iron are not going well. We can build a kiln easily enough, but we can’t get enough heat out of our coal-burning furnaces to reliably produce high quality metal.” Trak promises to visit Baelock’s operation and offer suggestions.
Baelock’s kiln is carefully constructed. A rich supply of air is delivered to the furnace by three hand pumped bellows. The method is laborious, but Ghad has plenty of laborers to spare. The problem is the coal. The maximum temperature achievable with coal is too low to reliably produce quality iron. Trak doesn’t know how to overcome the problem. It is too arduous to transport charcoal into the cavern. Ghad says to Trak, “It is too bad we can’t use your furnaces at Dragonton. There, we could make all the iron we need.” Trak knew Ghad was right. But how could Baron Teiber be persuaded to supply weapons to a goblin army?
“If we could pay Baron Teiber for the weapons, I believe he would sell us what we need,” Trak concludes.
“What do we have that the baron could want?” asks Ghad.
“Do you know where you can find gold?”
“Yes, I know the soft metal. It is pretty but useful only for making adornments,” Ghad replies.
Trak reaches into a pouch he carries and shows Ghad one of the gold coins he minted for King Red. “We can use gold to make coins. They are highly valued by men. You can trade two of these for a sword.”
Ghad grows excited. He knows there is gold in the quartz-rich ores in the mountains east of Halban by the Sea. They all agreed to stop making iron and begin smelting gold. Using tools he borrowed from Wreen, Trak makes new dies to mint coins identical to those used in the Kingdom of Bretwalda. Trak places the king’s image on the front and his favorite motif of a dragon encircling a flaming sword on the reverse.
Two months pass before Trak has minted sufficient coins to begin his journey to Dragonton. He and Myrel sail to Halban by the Sea and walk to Bretwalda rather than take the subterranean tunnels. The surface dwellers consider the overland route infinitely more scenic. The gold is too heavy to carry, so Ghad Samraet agrees to have his workers deliver it via the tunnels. Myrel and Trak make a leisurely journey despite the urgency of their mission. Trak takes time to refresh his knowledge of plant lore and asks Myrel to assist him in gathering medicinal species.
As they approach the border, Myrel expresses a wish to see her mother. Trak thinks the two day detour is acceptable, so they deviate toward King Red’s citadel. He explains to Myrel that King Red has been told Trak’s mother was Queen Meriem’s lady in waiting who disappeared from the castle the same time as the queen.
“You must mean Lady Bithel. She was my nanny when I was a child. I was sorry when she died. It will be easy for me to pretend she was my mother,” Myrel says. Trak thought it remarkable that there was more than a grain of truth in the story Lord Ran concocted eight years before. Trak is well known in King Red’s fortress, and he and Myrel are each given a room. By chance, Lord Ran is visiting the king on business. “It is good you are back,” says Ran. “I have a number of business concerns we need to discuss.” Trak introduces Myrel to Ran as his sister and another child of Lady Bithel. “My sister would like to pay her respects to the queen. Her mother once served Her Majesty,” Trak explains.
Lord Ran knows too much and realizes the attractive cross-breed Trak is introducing is both Trak’s sister and Queen Meriem’s daughter. “While you are getting settled, I will arrange for an audience,” Ran offers.
The queen gives instructions to have the daughter of her former lady in waiting shown to her immediately. Trak and Lord Ran stand to one side and let Myrel enjoy her reunion with her mother.
“Myrel, it really is you,” says the queen. She takes her daughter in a familiar embrace that sends Myrel back to her childhood. They talk for two hours. Myrel tells Meriem everything about her life except for her marriage to Trak. The queen introduces her children to Myrel, but not as her step-siblings.
Myrel wants to say “mother” so many times. It makes a tear come to eyes every time she is forced to refrain. When the audience is over, the queen turns to Trak and offers him a warm smile as she escorts her visitors to the door.
The next day Myrel and Trak join Lord Ran for the trip to Dragonton. Trak has spoken of Lord Ran before, but Myrel is surprised to see what good friends they are. “The meeting with your mother went rather well. Didn’t it?” observes Ran.
“Yes. It was the best meeting I have ever had with my mother, even though I just stood in the background and let Myrel talk.”
“Why haven’t you told me you had a sister?” Ran asks.
“I didn’t know myself until two months ago,” Trak replies. When Myrel was out of ear shot, Ran asks Trak, “Are Initiates allowed to marry?”
“Most prefer to remain celibate,” Trak answers with a touch of annoyance in his voice that Ran finds perplexing.
As they journeyed toward Dragonton, Ran turns the conversation toward business. “Trak, the iron works finds itself in some financial difficulties. The times have become too peaceful. We no longer have enough commissions to maintain our entire work force. We are going to have to scale back the size of our operation.”
“Perhaps not just yet,” replies Trak. “I have a buyer who wants to purchase three thousand swords and helms and another three thousand plates for their shields.”
“That is a colossal order. It will keep us busy for another six months. What is the catch? It seems too good to be true,” Ran is skeptical.
“You are right, as always. The buyer is a goblin commander.”
“Gobshite!” exclaims Ran. “My father and the king will never let us arm our old enemy.”
“Oh, but they will. This goblin commander is a renegade who is raising an army to war on the goblin king and his allies.”
“I see what you mean,” says Ran. “If we help the commander, we help ourselves. How can the commander pay for such a large order? We can’t extend credit to someone who might not survive his rebellion.”
“He will pay in gold.” For the rest of the journey, Lord Ran seemed very content to ride alongside the wagon where Myrel sat and describe to her all the wonders of Dragonton. Trak rode upon a horse that Ran had loaned him, pondering how Ran’s interest in his sister could be diverted. He was sure Myrel was deliberately encouraging Ran. Where had she learned to be such a tease?
Myrel is, indeed, impressed by the underground castle Ghad Samraet’s army built. It is truly elegant, even though she found the iron works and surrounding town to be crowded and dirty. Ran insists that Myrel stay in a castle suite rather than Trak’s broch. Trak fails to offer a plausible reason why this is a bad idea.
When the three had finished eating a large dinner, they walk in the gardens atop the cliff and watch the setting sun. When it is fully dark, Ghad Samraet appears in the garden and approaches Trak. “Have arrangements been made?” he asks.
“Yes, we are agreed in principle,” Trak replies, “but some details need to be worked out.”
“In that case, I will leave this with you,” Ghad replies. Twenty white goblins appear carrying heavy sacks of gold and deposit them at Trak’s feet. “As our weapons are produced, please leave them in the tunnel where my warriors can find them. I hope to see you back at the hive shortly. We have much work to do.”
“Your friend gets to the point rather quickly,” observes Ran.
“Yes, but he is right. As soon as I have drawn the specifications for the weapons, I need to return to the north,” Trak announces.
“Perhaps your sister would like to remain here in the castle where I can look after her?” Ran says playfully. He was no longer fooled by Myrel and Trak’s charade. Trak’s body language tells him Myrel is more than just a long lost sister.
Trak is about to overreact to Ran’s unwanted invitation when Myrel speaks up. “Peace, my husband. Can’t you see that Lord Ran has penetrated our subterfuge and is merely goading you?” She and Ran laugh while Trak stews for a moment before saying, “Well, at least I shall not sleep alone in the broch tonight.”
Ran is impressed by Ghad’s coins. “The goblin commander must be enormously wealthy to have so much gold,” he observes.
Trak replies, “You will be surprised to learn that all the commander possesses in this world is his loin cloth and the ink in his tattoos. The only thing that matters to him is the fate of his goblin people.” Trak explains to Ran the political situation in the goblin kingdom.
“Such devotion to a cause I have never before seen. Could the situation in the north be as desperate as you say?” Lord Ran asks.
“It is desperate and not just in the north. Tironock will soon have the power to sweep aside the armies of men as easily as he can those of goblins.” Trak emphasizes, “On the day Tironock walks the surface, the world will change for all living creatures.”
“You have been my friend for so long I forget you are also an accomplished sorcerer. I hope you have the strength to defeat the coming evil,” says Ran.
“So do we all,” Myrel adds.




Chapter 36

Dragonton, Bretwalda: Cuckolded

Trak and Myrel delay departing Dragonton until the first batch of swords and helms is ready for delivery. They join the carriers on their journey back to Ghad’s hive. They choose to travel underground to make up the time they frittered away in their leisurely sojourn south.
As they are saying farewell, Lord Ran hands them fresh packs containing provisions for their journey. Trak’s feels heavy, and he asks him why he has packed so much. “Some of it is food for your dog,” Ran replies. Trak is about to ask “What dog?” when Ran hands Myrel a wedding gift. It is a small mongrel, not more than six months old.
Ran says, “This puppy will be a loyal companion. She will protect you even when your vagabond husband is absent.” Myrel has never owned a pet before. The idea pleases her, and she thanks Ran by placing a kiss on his cheek. Trak isn’t sure he likes that. He is learning what he likes didn’t always count for much.
The tunnel stretching along the mainland’s west coast is an engineering marvel. It stretches like a taut cord, its floor as smooth as the corridors of a palace. Trak notes a handcart could be pushed effortlessly along its entire length and the distance between points is noticeably shorter than following the convoluted coastal road. The porters move quickly north, despite their heavy load of weapons and helms. Every two or three leagues the tunnel widens into a small layby where stone benches provide a place to rest. Several laybys contain pools of fresh water seeping through the rocks overhead. The travelers waste no time looking at sites along the way because there is nothing to look at.
When the party selects a layby for the night, Myrel and Trak move back down the tunnel so they will have privacy. Trak opens his pack to fetch food for the puppy that dutifully follows Myrel wherever she goes. He hands Myrel the dried meat and bowl that Ran has packed. He pulls out a second bag that contains a score of gold coins and a note which reads, “Here is your share of the profits.” Trak feels uneasy about earning profit for his efforts to help the white goblins, but he rationalizes the coins might be held in reserve for an unexpected expense.
“Well this explains why my bag is so heavy,” Trak exclaims, as he shows Myrel the gold coins that he himself minted. “At the rate we are travelling, we will be back on the Isle of Uisgebeatha in three days.” By the time they eat their meat and bread, they are ready to sleep. 
For the next two nights Myrel and Trak follow the same pattern. They are asleep when Trak is awakened by the dog’s uncertain yelp. He doesn’t take time to light a lamp, but summons a blue glow that fills the tunnel. Trak can’t tell why the dog is barking until he catches a whiff of burning brimstone. Trak shakes Myrel. “Wake up! Something is happening.” Myrel immediately smells the brimstone. “It’s Tironock,” she declares. “Let’s get away from here!”
As they gather their blankets, a wind swirls through the tunnel. “He is near,” shouts Myrel. She remembers how during the rescue of her father she hid from Tironock in a fissure in the city of Ardonbrae. “Tironock is taking solid form,” Myrel yells at Trak over the noise of the wind.
The couple and their small dog run down the tunnel to the layby where the porters are sleeping. Trak shouts as they draw near, “Run, Tironock is here!” The porters don’t stop to gather their blankets or their cargo. They are already running north as Trak and Myrel enter the layby. The dog continues barking at the wind that whirls and lifts dust off the floor.
“I don’t think we can outrun a wind,” shouts Trak. “Go, and I will try and delay it.” He watches Myrel move down the tunnel and turns to face what is coming. The smell of burning brimstone is now intense and flames fly out of the small cyclone forming in the middle of the passage. Parts of Tironock begin to appear, first an arm which fades away and is replaced by a leg and part of a torso. It takes thirty heartbeats before Tironock’s naked, red body is more solid than not. He fills the chamber and is forced to stoop. His snake-like horns scrape the roof and knock rocks onto the floor.
“What do you want?” Trak shouts. He reasons if he can get the demigod talking, it will give the others a chance to escape.
Tironock eyes the stacks of weapons the porters have abandoned. “Tell me what game you play. Why is the son of a Thaumaturgist bringing iron weapons to arm my goblins?” Tironock speaks in a low, gravelly voice that reverberates through the chamber.
Trak says the first thing that comes to his mind. “When the white goblins invade the surface, I want their help in destroying my father so I might replace him as Thaumaturgist.”
Tironock ponders the response for a moment. He wonders, is there a way I can use the self-serving ambitions of the Thaumaturgist’s pup to serve my goals. No, he concludes. In the end, all members of the lineage must perish. Still, the swords he brings are useful. Tironock decides that for now he will spare the son. “My army needs more weapons. Provide them, and after I’ve conquered the surface, I will make you my Thaumaturgist,” Tironock roars. He is pleased the Thaumaturgist’s son has so readily joined his ranks. Trak watches as Tironock dissolves back into the dust cloud from which he emerged.
Trak feels a hand on his shoulder. He turns his head to see Myrel. “You were supposed to run.”
“I started to and then decided my place is with you,” Myrel counters. “Tironock grows more powerful and more frightening.”
Trak and Myrel follow the tunnel for four more hours until they come to an intersection. They take the branch to the left. Not far down the passage they meet the renegade commander and thirty of his soldiers coming toward them. “I am glad you are safe,” Ghad exclaims when he sees Trak and Myrel.
Trak relates what happened. “Tironock buys your story that your army is being built for his use. He now believes I have joined his cause to advance my own ambitions. My lie is probably why I’m still alive. You will not have any trouble finding your arms shipment. The iron weapons lie where your porters abandoned them.”
The white goblins bunch to the side of the tunnel to let the couple pass. Two sorcerers and a dog are not something to trifle with. They seem particularly wary of the dog. Dogs are not to be trusted. In another five hours, Trak and Myrel walk below Ghad’s new hive and ascend to the surface of the island. On the cliff top, they meet a villager who tells them there is sickness in the castle. Myrel and Trak immediately ask about the old goblin’s condition. “I don’t know about that,” replies the villager, “but Queen Dorla has been sick for several weeks.”
Trak and Myrel head straight for the castle. When they enter the duke’s audience chamber, they find Meg conversing with Farg who seems to be in good humor. “We hear the queen is ill,” says Myrel.
“I’m afraid her condition is irreparable,” Farg laughs. “The queen is pregnant. She conceived before leaving the capital.” Myrel doesn’t like the sound of that. The queen has been on the island for four months. She should be past her period of morning sickness.
“With your permission, I would like to attend to the queen.” Myrel leaves Trak to relate to Farg and Meg what befell them on their journey. Her puppy seems content to stay behind and enjoy the caresses he receives from the old goblin.
The queen embraces Myrel. “Are you ill, Your Majesty?” Myrel asks as soon as Dorla releases her from her clinging grasp.
“Only in the mornings,” replies Dorla, with a look of distress on her face.
“I gather morning sickness is not your biggest problem.”
“Tell me what I should do,” pleads Dorla. “Do I keep this child or must I terminate the pregnancy?”
“What does the father want?” asks Myrel.
“He doesn’t even know I’m pregnant. He doesn’t matter anyway. That relationship has ended,” confesses Dorla. “Being queen has made it too easy to have whatever I want. I liked the look of one of the guards and I had it arranged for him to escort me on afternoon walks. I am not proud of what I did, but don’t judge me too harshly. I am lonely on this island.”
“It is not for me to judge.” There are herbs that can terminate the pregnancy, if that is what you want.”
“It is not what I want, but I have a duty to protect the king from scandal,” Dorla responds. “I do love the king and don’t want to hurt him.”
“Then proclaim to the king he is about to have a child,” advices Myrel. “Embrace motherhood and enjoy the moment.”
Myrel’s directness calms Dorla. “As much as I regret my mistake, I look forward to a baby.” She gives Myrel a knowing smile as though they are co-conspirators. I suppose infidelity is not the most horrendous secret one might try to conceal.” The comment makes Myrel feel uncomfortable, but she doesn’t press Dorla for a clarification.
When Myrel returns to the duke’s audience chamber, her puppy greets her. “I think the queen will live,”  she declares.
“We have been discussing what ye should name your dog,” her grandmother says. “For reasons that elude me, Duke Farg wants to call it ‘Chicken.’ I be partial to some name out of mythology, like Stormchaser or Warhound.”
“What name do you favor?” Myrel asks Trak.
“I remember Krage once had a small yellow dog. It was killed defending his master. I think Myrel’s puppy is made of the same metal. I miss that little dog. For a time, I thought of it as my only friend.”
Meg adds, “I gave Krage that dog when we came to this island and he chose to live alone in the broch. Krage would refer to the dog as his ‘Dungoth.’ The name means ‘companion’ in the old tongue.”
In the end Myrel decides to give the matter more thought.


Chapter 37

Isle of Uisgebeatha: The Second Sowing

Winter approaches. For the goblins digging beneath the channel, work goes on as usual. By spring the hive will be ready to accommodate refugees from the main hive. On the surface the winter proves to be the worst in memory. Large snowdrifts accumulate against the castle walls as the wind blows unmercifully.
During the dark days of the winter solstice, Trak and Myrel stay in their hut but every few days they trudge up to the castle. Myrel visits Dorla while Trak and Farg sit by the hearth in the audience chamber. Trak and Farg are approaching thirty. The passing years are more noticeable on Farg. He is assuming the same rotund torso that characterized his father and earned him the nickname of Duke Toad.
Trak informs his friend, “The attack on the temple begins soon. The Queen Mothers want to seize the Septantrak before the roads clear and military units in remote regions of the kingdom can easily reinforce the capital. I will leave in the morning. Myrel will stay on the island until Dorla is safely delivered of her child. She will then join me wherever I end up. Please visit my grandmother from time to time to see if she needs anything.”
“Tell me again the reason you are going. Why not stay here where it is safe?” Farg queries.
“I must set the explosives to seal the entrances to the temple and prevent a counterattack. Afterwards, I don’t know what will happen. Upon reaching the surface, the white goblins intend to forsake Tironock. If the demigod is able to threaten them in the temple, the white goblins are prepared to flee into the surrounding countryside. Of course, Lord Lizardthroat isn’t going to stand idly by while white goblins set up housekeeping. I feel I must be there to help minimize casualties. Myrel’s skill as a healer will be needed. At the moment it is safer here, but eventually war will spread to your island. You need to prepare.”
“That is just it. How do I prepare for a war against an immortal being?” Farg responds with a shrug of his shoulders.
“Remember! Tironock has the ability to enslave minds. He can force his victims to do his bidding. He will send his minions against you. An army of mindless wraiths is an enemy you can fight.”
When Trak says goodbye to Myrel, it is their first separation since bonding. Myrel immediately feels a void when Trak leaves her sight. To ease the separation, Myrel and Dungoth, as she now refers to her dog, move into the castle to be on hand when Dorla delivers.
Trak uses the gold coins Ran gave him to purchase niter from Halban merchants who supply the region’s miners. He and Ghad Samraet set out together. Fifty porters transport the niter and other ingredients needed to make black powder. Ghad has already sent a thousand soldiers ahead. These are his best-trained and best-equipped. Ghad believes a thousand will be enough to seize the temple. Another two thousand soldiers remain in the hive beneath the sea.
The underground tunnel is broad and straight, enabling Trak and the porters to travel quickly. As they approach the main hive, side tunnels become more frequent. Trak learns as much as he is able about the destination of each passage and builds a mental map of the Underworld. The number of minor hives scattered about the goblin kingdom surprises him. The goblin population of the Underworld exceeds that of the surface dwellers.
Upon reaching the main hive, Ghad presents Trak to the Queen Mothers. Their reception is cool. They don’t want to give Tironock any cause to question their loyalty. In Trak’s eyes, the Queen Mothers are indistinguishable. They each have the same ageless quality. One queen directs him to a chamber where he is to assemble his explosives. “Be ready in six days,” he is told.
Can Tironock sense my presence in the hive?” Trak asks Ghad.
“He can if you use your ability; otherwise, I’m not sure. I doubt he can smell you. His nostrils are overwhelmed by the stink of burning brimstone,” Ghad reasons.
Trak finishes his work in five days and is sharpening his sword, Dragon Fire, when Ghad and a score of soldiers come to collect the explosives. “It is time. Tironock has ordered his army to assemble. He is coming to direct the invasion,” Ghad informs Trak.
Trak watches squads of infantry move toward the hive’s exit. He feels the growing presence of the demigod. Tironock’s mind begins entering his consciousness. Trak resists but wonders how many of the white goblin army now wholly embrace Tironock. How many are bound to his will? Trak and Ghad Samraet march the army to the surface. Trak needs to be among the first into the temple in order to quickly seal the entrances and forestall a swift counterattack. As the army passes through Ardonbrae, Trak takes no notice of the ancient ruins. He focuses on preventing Tironock from controlling his will.
Ghad sends goblins with hammers to smash through the walls Lord Lizardthroat erected to seal the caverns beneath the temple. If the clerics really intend to escape rather than resist, the noise produced by the demolition crews will be their signal to flee.
In a matter of minutes, the white goblins break through the walls and regroup in the main cavern. For most, it is their first time in the ancient heart of the goblin religion. The flowing magma strongly illuminates the Stones of Septan and the stone statue that stands in its center. Ghad is exhilarated. He imagines, in a short while he will be on the surface and free of Tironock.
On the platform a whirling wind takes form. Tironock is attempting to take corporal form. A few of Ghad’s soldiers break ranks and rush back toward the hive. This is bad, Trak realizes. If Tironock can materialize so close to the surface, his power has, indeed, grown strong. Trak looks at Ghad and sees the frustration on his face. For now, there is nothing to be done but to stick to the plan.
When Tironock fully appears, he is as tall as the stone goblin. His cruel laughter shakes the cavern. The naked giant lumbers toward Septan’s stone image. With his colossal strength, Tironock lifts the massive piece of carved basalt and throws it off the platform into the flowing lava below. “After today, all creatures will worship only me,” he boasts before dematerializing.
Guards stationed in the passageway leading into the temple hear Tironock’s roar and sound the alarm. The temple’s warning horn sounds to alert the city. Krage and Alrik rush through the Septantrak ordering everyone to flee the temple.
Trak’s teams of pyrotechnique sappers race to their assigned positions where they set the explosives and light the fuses. A series of explosions shakes the mountain. The underground passage leading to the palace and the delivery entrance are sealed beneath tons of rock. Trak personally seals the entrance to the temple’s Great Hall. Rather than damage the magnificent doors fronting the Septantrak, Trak places explosives in the fissures that run alongside the staircase. The explosion rips a gaping hole in the stairway and leaves only a narrow ledge in front of the great doors. Even if Blue Daggers scale the mountain, they would have no platform on which to stand and batter their way into the temple.
The explosions seal the temple before Lord Lizardthroat can mount a counterattack, but the commander of the Secret Police is not finished. He orders his troops to enter the backside of Holy Mountain. As Ghad’s troops occupy the Septantrak, the Queen Mothers abandon the hive. They order the hive’s inhabitants to head for the surface. Thousands of goblins stream into the caverns below the temple. The refugees collide with Lord Lizardthroat’s Secret Police who proceed to slaughter the unarmed wraiths.
Assured that the temple’s entrances are sealed, Ghad and Trak and several hundred warriors return to the cavern to direct the refugees into the temple. They arrive to witness the carnage that is taking place. Hundreds of panic-stricken refugees are pushing their way into the temple and stand between Ghad’s soldiers and Lord Lizardthroat’s butchering Blue Daggers.
It takes precious moments for Ghad’s force to circumvent the fleeing refugees and fall upon the butchers. Ghad’s soldiers are enraged by the carnage being done to their families and drive a wedge between the Secret Police and the unarmed subterraneans. Lord Lizardthroat’s police hold their own briefly, but with new weapons and Ghad’s training, the subterraneans are a match for the police. When the Blue Daggers see the determination on the faces of the naked wraiths, they fall back, break and are routed from the cavern.
It pains Ghad and Trak to walk among the corpses searching for survivors. The two leaders did not anticipate such horrific casualties among the females and children. Trak converts the temple’s dormitory into a hospital for the wounded. The hive’s rulers are escorted to the residential quarters and thousands of workers and their families are sent to the Great Hall of the temple. Although it is said to be the largest enclosed space on earth, the refugees fill its interior.
The Queen Mothers have prepared carefully. Soldiers begin ferrying stockpiled food from the ruins of Ardonbrae to the temple’s kitchens where cooks prepare meals to feed the multitude. The caverns below the temple will serve as the goblins’ new plantations. All waste is transported to the composting piles, even the bodies of dead goblins. With thousands living in the temple, it will not take long to accumulate the organic compost needed to raise mushrooms and grubs.
The only part of the earth’s surface that the white goblins actually control is the garden in the crater of the ancient volcano. For days it attracts a steady line of visitors. It is early spring. For most, it is their first look at the rich vegetation that grows on the surface. They marvel at the intensity of the colors. There are greens and blues that don’t exist in the Underworld. The refugees have heard of trees, but none anticipates their majestic forms and foliage variations. Occasionally, someone brought a flower into the Underworld, but none has imagined the sight of hundreds of blooming tulips and daffodils spread before them. In ignorance, some look at the sun, believing they are gazing at Shenal Ken. Ghad has to station soldiers in the garden to warn people not to stare at the sun or risk blindness.
The question in the back of everyone’s mind is, “Where is Tironock?” He vanished after his display in the cavern, and no one has seen him since. They no longer feel his will pushing on their minds. The subterraneans begin to hope they have actually escaped his clutches.


Chapter 38

Isle of Uisgebeatha: The Summer Solstice 

Dorla delivers a healthy goblet. Myrel is pleased his features are not unlike King Lorring’s. Trak has been gone for a fortnight. As yet, no word of a wraith invasion has reached the island. As Myrel makes preparations to leave for the capital city, Meg insists on accompanying her. “Grandmother, I must be blunt, you are too old; the trip could kill you,” Myrel emphatically warns.
“Ye be right,” said her grandmother, “but I need only live long enough to see the Second Sowing with my own eyes. Then I be ready to join my ancestors.” Myrel knows Meg isn’t going to change her mind. Her grandmother seems almost glad that her time is nearly over. Baelock arranges for four porters to carry Meg’s litter, while he walks along side. On the road, the porters struggle to keep up. Myrel is anxious to learn of Trak’s fate. On the second day of the journey, they meet goblins fleeing the capital. They relate the story of the temple’s capture. It sounds to Myrel as if the attack went as planned.
Myrel enters the city on the fifth day to find its shops and markets closed. The city has been converted into an army garrison. Myrel leads her party to the home of Humock Gutcutter, Krage’s friend and longtime captain of the city’s police. Humock recognizes Myrel as Krage’s daughter. He helped her and Krage escape the city eight years before. When Humock seats the three visitors in his parlor, Myrel says, “We have come from the Isle of Uisgebeatha. What news can you give us?”
“Tell me first. Have you heard from Krage?” Humock replies. “When the temple was attacked, all the senior clerics escaped except Alrik and Krage. Alrik has since shown up, but no one knows what happened to your father.”
Myrel is not overly concerned. She knows it is likely her father stayed hidden in the temple where he could mediate between the subterraneans and surface goblins. “We have received no word from Krage, Captain Humock, but we are certain he is alive,” answers Meg.
“Well, that is some reassurance,” Humock replies. “The temple fell quickly. Its occupants escaped as planned. The white goblins sealed the entrances to the temple with explosives, but Lord Lizardthroat launched a counterassault through Holy Mountain’s rear entrance. Tragically, his Secret Police slaughtered hundreds of unarmed goblins as they fled the Underworld. The Secret Police broke off their killing spree when a cross-breed attacked with a determined force. It is widely rumored that it was Trak, your brother, who led the assault. Lizardthroat has labeled him a traitor. Three days ago, Alrik walked out of the temple and was taken to the palace. From what I’ve heard, he brought word the white goblins seek to exchange the temple for a homeland on the surface. Many are calling this invasion the Second Sowing.”
“It is, indeed, the beginning of the Second Sowing,” acknowledges the High Priestess, using the courtly speech she reserves for her dealings with officials in the capital. “Will the white goblins’ demands be met?”
“Not if Lord Lizardthroat has his way, and he usually does,” replies Humock. “Melkerei is biding his time for the outlying nobles to send more troops. He is predicting that in a few days the white goblins will begin to starve. He intends to kill as many as he can and force the rest to return to the Underworld.”
“The white goblins will not return to the Underworld,” declares Meg. “If forced out of the temple by either Lord Lizardthroat or Tironock Kan, they intend to remain on the surface. They are prepared to fight the armies of both goblins and men to gain a home in the light. They are not bent on destruction of our world, but they are determined to share it with us. Even Lord Lizardthroat may find it unpleasant to butcher thousands of his subterranean brothers.”
Myrel asks, “As we intend to enter Holy Mountain, is the tunnel we used eight years ago still open?”
“It was before the temple was invaded. I haven’t checked since,” Humock replies.
“Good. We will enter the mountain tonight and seek out Krage. But first, we must visit the palace. I need to deliver the news that the queen has presented the Ard Ri with an heir.” Myrel continues, “I give you this advice. If the white goblins break out of the temple, don’t oppose them. There need be no bloodshed. Step aside and let the white goblins pass through the city into the countryside.”
“That might be harder to do than you imagine. Lord Lizardthroat has the temple surrounded by two thousand soldiers and his Secret Police. They are prepared for a major battle.”
Myrel and her companions enter the palace and ask to be presented to the king. Lorring has been the Ard Ri for four years, but he is still under the thumb of Lord Lizardthroat. At Melkerei’s recommendation, the king forces Myrel and her companions to wait nearly an hour in his antechamber before they are admitted. Melkerei explains to the king that he must always keep the upper hand.
Myrel begins, “Your Majesty, we bring a message from Duke Amin Giantslayer. He is pleased to inform you Queen Dorla has given birth to a healthy male goblet. Both are doing well. Duke Amin sends his congratulations.”
The king seems pleased by the announcement. “How fairs the duke? Are there new reports of white goblin activity on the Island?” asks the king.
“The subterraneans have remained underground. There are reports they are building a new hive under the ocean between the mainland and the isle,” Myrel answers.
Lord Lizardthroat interrupts, “Why are you in the city? You are safer on the island.”
Myrel has anticipated the question. “The High Priestess and I are concerned for the wellbeing of the temple workers. We are trained healers; we have come to care for the injured.”
Lizardthroat suspects their real purpose is to aid the Thaumaturgist and his cross-breed son. He is certain the two are behind the assault on the temple. “Those who attacked the temple committed a heinous crime against the kingdom. Anyone who aids the attackers will share their quilt. As I recall, it was you who recommended the temple be surrendered to the white goblins without a fight. Why do you support their cause? Are you perhaps in league with the demons that have profaned our holiest site?”
Myrel grows heated in her response. “I recommended surrendering the temple because it is indefensible from an Underworld attack. I hoped to spare lives. I hoped to avoid the sort of butchery your Secret Police perpetrated on the unarmed refugees as they fled the demigod that enslaves them.”
Lord Lizardthroat turns to the king. “Your Majesty, their motive for being in the capital is suspect. I recommend you detain them. They can be held in the palace with Alrik until the temple has been retaken.”
“What?” shouts Meg? “Your Highness, don’t listen to this scheming, would-be usurper. You must free Alrik. He must be your emissary to the goblins holding the temple. Our best hope is to negotiate with the subterraneans. It is only through cooperation with the Queen Mothers that we can hope to defeat Tironock Kan.”
“Ignore her ravings, My King. You can’t make decisions based on ancient mythology. We have to deal with a real invasion and not superstitious thinking,” Melkerei rebuts.
“I will give consideration to using Alrik as my emissary,” replies the king. “You may engage in healing activities, but should you meddle in political events, I will have you banished from the city. Is that understood?”
The High Priestess answers, “It is understood, but I beg you not to ignore the ancient prophecies. The Second Sowing is upon us. The prophecies tell us our hope of survival comes from cooperating with our enemies and not by slaughtering them.”
It is dark when Myrel guides Meg and Baelock to the hidden tunnel on the west side of Holy Mountain. Lord Lizardthroat and a squad of Blue Daggers are waiting for them. They are met by drawn swords.
***
When the white goblins invaded the temple, Alrik and Krage did not flee. They met with the Queen Mothers, who worried Tironock would arrive at any moment and wreck havoc. The demigod’s failure to appear was a relief, but it seemed unlikely it was safe to remain in the temple indefinitely. Krage advised, “Move to a surface homeland at the first opportunity.” The Queens agreed and directed Alrik to pave the way. They sent him to King Lorring to negotiate an exchange of the temple for a place on the surface. They hoped to move to the mountains that form a north-south spine down the center of the kingdom. The mountains were almost uninhabited. Instead of obtaining an agreement, Alrik found himself imprisoned in the palace.
Trak met with his father for the first time in eight years. “Have you heard from Myrel or Meg?” Trak asked Krage.
“No. I thought they would be with you,” Krage answered.
“They were delayed in leaving the isle by the anticipated birthing of Queen Dorla’s child. Myrel is to meet me here in the capital. I have refrained from using my gift to contact her. It might attract Tironock’s attention. It is likely she is in the city and Melkerei is detaining her. How shall we break our standoff with Lord Lizardthroat and get the white goblins out of the temple? It is not safe for them here.”
Krage suggested, “The summer solstice will be here in a few days. As a peace gesture, let’s open the doors to the Great Hall and invite the citizens of Neu Ardonbrae to the religious ceremony.”
“Do you really think anyone besides Lizardthroat’s Blue Daggers will come?” Trak asked.
“I have no idea,” Krage admitted, “but we can’t stay here because Tironock is near, and we can’t leave because Melkerei is blocking our exit. We must do something to break the stalemate. We can build a bridge to span the gap you made when you blew the staircase. Guards can search everyone who crosses the bridge and strip them of weapons. Even if Melkerei sends a thousand soldiers, unarmed they will not represent much of a threat to Ghad’s soldiers who will be armed and ready. I hope to preside over the solstice ceremony. I fear it will be the last the Septantrak will ever see.”
***
The soldiers surrounding the base of Holy Mountain are surprised when the doors to the Great Hall open and several goblins, including the Thaumaturgist, walk out on to what is left of the platform. They are too high above the city to be targets. The captains, and eventually Lord Lizardthroat, himself, arrive to watch white goblins construct a bridge. In three days, the workers complete a narrow bridge that spans the gap. It permits only one person at a time to cross. Lord Lizardthroat looks for an opportunity to attack, but can’t see a way to get his soldiers across the bridge fast enough to overwhelm the guards positioned at its far end. Instead, he fetches Alrik from his prison in the palace and together they ascend the steps carrying a white flag.
When Melkerei enters the temple, Trak notes that the commander is wearing the sword King Giforing presented to him more than eight years before. The popularity of Trak’s Dragon Fire swords has not diminished. Trak and Krage watch from the side while Ghad greets Lizardthroat and escorts the commander and Alrik to the far end of the hall where the Queen Mothers sit upon the platform.
“Welcome, Lord Lizardthroat. Thank you for returning the temple’s High Priest,” says one of the Queens.”
“Queen Mothers, I have come to learn of your intentions.” “Why have you seized the temple?”
“We are fleeing Tironock’s madness,” replies another Queen. “We have no alternative but to seek the only place on the surface that can shelter us. But as Alrik explained, we have no interest in remaining in the temple permanently, but we will not return to the Underworld. If the king will grant us safe passage, we will journey to the mountains and live there.”
“There are many thousands of you,” said Lizardthroat, and yours is but one hive. Will other hives also seek asylum on the surface?”
“Years ago, Tironock forbade contact between hives. We are not certain, but we believe others will want to join us. Only in the mountains is there sufficient space to accommodate all of us,” replies a Queen.
The thought of tens of thousands of goblins inhabiting the mountains is unacceptable to Lizardthroat. He decides to agree to their wishes, knowing that in the open they will be vulnerable. There, he will drive them back into the Underworld. “The king is reluctant, but I will persuade him. Why, may I ask, have you built a bridge over the damaged staircase?”
One Queen Mother explains, “The summer solstice arrives in two days. We wish to open the doors of the Septantrak so the faithful might join in the religious celebration.” Another Queen adds, “We hope King Lorring and the city’s nobles will celebrate with us.”
How wonderful, Lizardthroat thinks. He imagines all sorts things that could happen during the ceremony. A crazy wraith might even kill the king. As Melkerei leaves, he notices Trak and Krage watching him. He smiles. I already have two of the Thaumaturgist’s family. With a little luck, I can get rid of the whole lot.
After convincing the king of the need to change tactics, Lord Lizardthroat sends a captain to the temple with word the king will attend the ceremony. “He has invited the citizens of the city to join him. Further, King Lorring grants you safe passage to the mountains south of the Western Pass. He suggests that you make haste, as he is concerned you make arrangements for the coming winter.”
A Queen Mother replies. “We thank His Majesty. We will depart the temple as soon as the temple’s street level exit is reopened. We will be ready in a few days. Please ask the king if we might borrow carts to move our injured.”
Word of the solstice celebration spreads through the city. The faithful and the curious begin arriving a day before the ceremony. As the city’s citizens cross the bridge, the guards manning the front doors cursively search each visitor for weapons. The nobles begin arriving two hours before the ceremony; and the king and Lord Lizardthroat climb the stairs in the company of six royal guards. The white goblins at the door let the king’s bodyguards retain their weapons as they enter the temple. King Lorring is escorted to the royal viewing box. Those brave or foolish enough to enter the temple find themselves surrounded by thousands of scantily glad white goblins. Surface goblins who a few years ago doubted that white goblins still exist now nervously exchange greetings with their subterranean brothers.
As was the custom, the temple is richly decorated for the occasion. Brightly colored banners, a hundred feet in length, hang from the ceiling. Mirrors reflect light coming through windows high in the hall to the floor below. Shards of light continuously shift on the floor and mix with the rich yellow illumination provided by hundreds of torches burning along the walls. Nine brass vats sit near the center of the hall. Each holds fifty barrels of ale for the ceremonial toast.


Chapter 39

Neu Ardonbrae

Myrel, Meg and Baelock are locked in a ship’s hold. Myrel tries in vain to use her gift to call for help. Meg doesn’t even try. She knows the sea will block her power to project her spirit. After being held for two days in the harbor, the ship sets sail. When the vessel clears the protective sea wall enclosing the harbor, the hatch is unlocked.
Myrel climbs the ladder to the deck and recognizes Admiral Ellot Fishbeater, the naval commander who distinguished himself in the Battle for the Isle of Uisgebeatha. “Welcome aboard, Priestess. I wish the circumstances were more favorable.”
“What do you mean to do with us?” Myrel asks.
“Lord Lizardthroat has informed me the king has banished you for aiding the white goblins. He insinuated I was to take you out to sea and dispose of you.”
“You know the king has no part in this!”
“I haven’t forgotten that Lord Lizardthroat is driven by a single passion–to make himself the founder of a new dynasty. I fear the king is also in danger. Now that we are safely at sea, I want to discuss my options with you. I would like to disrupt Lizardthroat’s plans, but I don’t want to make a foolish gesture of defiance and end up a martyr for a lost cause. I was hoping you could suggest an honorable course of action.”
Myrel looks back toward Holy Mountain and thinks of Trak and her father. “What is that?” Myrel points to an orange streak that is flowing out the doors of the temple. “Is that lava? Has the volcano erupted?” Surely its occupants had time to escape.
“I don’t know, My Lady,” says Ellot. “Today is the solstice celebration. Perhaps it has something to do with that.”
“Will you take me back to the capital?” 
“That isn’t wise. It will get us both killed. I don’t have the stomach to throw you to the fish, but if I defy Lizardthroat, I can never go back to the capital while he is in control.”
Myrel ponders where she should turn for help. She thinks of Farg. “Admiral, sail for the Isle of Uisgebeatha. Duke Amin owes you a favor or two. He will protect us.”
Three days later, the warship docks at the small harbor on the Isle of Uisgebeatha. The admiral presents himself to Duke Amin and explains the situation.
“You say the volcano has erupted?” The image of lava flowing out of the Septantrak’s doors and into the city seemed unreal. “I thank you for bringing me this startling news. Fortunately, the queen and the king’s heir are safely here in my castle. I will send someone to the mainland to learn more details.
Admiral Ellot and his sailors take quarters in the castle. Myrel, Meg and Baelock chose to stay in the forest until Duke Amin can formulate a plan. When it is dark, Meg comes to Myrel’s hut. “It is time,” she says. The two sit on the dirt floor and let the earth’s power flow into their bodies. They join hands and together send their spirits flying toward the capital. They find the temple deserted. Lava flows across the floor of the Great Hall and through the temple doors. A stream of lava cuts the city in half. Buildings caught in the path of the advancing flow burst into flames and fire spreads to adjacent buildings. No effort is being made to battle the blaze. The spirits of Myrel and Meg enter the royal palace to find Lord Lizardthroat feasting in the king’s banquet hall. He seems unconcerned about the fires consuming in the city. They find no trace of King Lorring or of Trak and Krage. Their spirits return to their bodies, full of questions.
Three days later Duke Amin’s soldiers returned with horrific news. They met refugees on the coastal road who testify that during the solstice celebration, the volcano erupted. The refugees believe that while worshippers fled the advancing lava, the king who was in attendance was murdered by white wraiths. Lord Lizardthroat sealed the temple to trap the wraiths inside. No one has reentered the temple, but it seems everyone inside, including thousands of wraiths, was killed.
***
The solstice ceremony is about to begin. Trak surveys the temple’s security. Five hundred of Ghad’s soldiers stand in the crowd wearing their iron swords, more than enough to handle any Blue Daggers who would disrupt the ceremony. Trak worries, where is Myrel? She must have arrived in the capital by now. Word of the royal heir’s birth has already spread through the city. Tonight after the ceremony I will search for her.
Trak has never witnessed a solstice celebration, but he sees the faithful have come prepared to play their part. When the hall has filled, a gong sounds and priests began a soft chant. The crowd takes up the chant and begins swaying in unison. The Queen Mothers speak above the chanting. They evoke the Earth Spirit. They ask that the gift of prophecy might fall upon all those gathered. From the side passages, the haunting sounds of a dozen trinagi, the goblins’ ancient battle horns, reverberate through the hall. The horns emit low harmonic tones that resonate off the chamber’s immense interior. The sound pierces the souls of the assembled worshippers. The chanting complements the harmonics produced by the horns. The volume of the sound slowly rises until it is palpable in the very rock.
The doors to the Great Hall stand open so that light from the setting sun radiates to the far end of the long hall like a beacon illuminating the clerics and Queen Mothers, who stand on a platform leading the chant. By the time the Thaumaturgist enters the hall, many of the faithful are in a deep trance. Krage climbs the high platform and speaks through a horn, amplifying his voice. He has prepared his remarks carefully, but the voice that emanates from his mouth is not his own, and the words are not the ones he has written. Trak recognizes the voice as the one that spoke through him on the day Queen Meriem returned to King Red.
“For three millennia we have waited for this day. The Second Sowing is now.” The voice speaks quietly, but it penetrates deep into everyone’s consciousness. “Today the Underworld opens and pours forth its tortured souls. They seek to escape the evil that enslaves them. Do not fear your brothers. Fear the evil that stalks them.” At that moment a mild tremor ripples through the mountain. It rattles the walls of the temple. Some scream. Worshippers in the rear of the hall flee through the Great Doors.
The voice continues, “Even now, the earth’s magma rises in the caverns beneath your feet. It carries the power of the Earth. The power nourishes the evil one and gives him strength to walk the surface. Do not waste your strength fighting amongst yourselves. To survive, unite to defeat Tironock.”
A second tremor hits the temple, stronger than the first. The ceiling mirrors shatter and shower the hall with glass shards. Most receive only minor cuts, but a few large fragments slice deeply into white goblins and surface dwellers alike. Blood splatters across the floor. The crowd panics and bolts for the doors. The narrow bridge spanning the gap to the staircase proves a bottleneck. Hundreds push through the doors forcing those on the narrow ledge to fall to their deaths. 
Lord Lizardthroat doesn’t join the panic. He sees his opportunity. He signals his Blue Daggers to strike. Ten of his men positioned close to King Lorring draw their hidden knives and rush the king’s viewing box. It takes only seconds for the assassins to climb into the gallery and close upon the Ard Ri. The royal guard stands in a protective circle around King Lorring. Two attackers and two of the royal guard fall in the first moments of the attack. The four remaining guards now face eight attackers. Trak sees what is happening and begins shoving his way through the crowd to aid the king.
An assassin standing below the king’s box produces a bow. His first arrow drops one of the remaining guards. The bowman is notching an arrow for a second shot. The guards understand if they go after the bolter who stands thirty strides away, the king will be left unprotected. Yet they know if they hold their ground, the bowman can pick them off one by one. As the archer shoots, one of the royal guards moves in front of the king and takes the arrow in his shoulder. There are only two guards left and eight attackers.
Trak shouts “Stop the assassins! Protect the king.” There is no chance Ghad’s men will get there in time. In the instant that Trak expects the archer to lose an arrow for the third time, he sees a knife flash out of the crowd and cut the bolter down. Trak is still pushing forward when the knife wielder climbs into the king’s viewing box and stabs another of the assassins before Trak and Ghad’s men enter the fray and kill the remaining attackers. Trak and the king’s mysterious defender stand with their backs against the king ready to receive any new assailants. None come. Trak hurriedly escorts the king out of the hall by a side door.
Once safely in a chamber, Trak turns toward the goblin who came to the king’s assistance. “I might have guessed,” Trak says as he stares at the face of Hogarth Kingfriend. He has not seen Hogarth in nearly a decade. “Master Hogarth, it is good to see you.” Trak gives his old friend an embrace. “How did you know an attack on the king was coming?”
“I didn’t, Lord Dragonfire, but I am sworn to protect the king. It doesn’t matter that I am no longer a member of the royal guard,” Hogarth replies.
“Let us talk later.” I must return to the Great Hall and see if I can calm the panic. Take charge of getting the king out of the temple,” Trak asks the former master-at-arms.
Trak runs back into the hall. Thousands are jammed at the exit trying to get onto the bridge. Ghad spots Trak and runs toward him. He exclaims, “Lord Dragonfire, the earth’s magma is rising in the caverns. Soon it will reach the Great Hall.”
Trak spots Krage sitting on the platform surrounded by Queen Mothers. He is dazed from having served as the Earth Spirit’s receptacle. Trak shouts, “Queen Mothers, you must flee the temple! The lava is rising and is already in the temple’s lower levels!”
“We cannot leave through the Great Doors,” one of the queens calmly replies. “The citizens of Neu Ardonbrae in their panic have sealed the exit with their bodies. We have sent our people to gather what supplies they can. We will assemble in the gardens atop the mountain and begin our flight from there.”
Trak looks for Lord Lizardthroat, whom he suspects planned the attack on the king. The commander of the Secret Police is nowhere in sight. Then Trak smells the burning brimstone, the stench of rotting eggs. At first, he thinks it is the odor of the approaching lava. Trak is heading toward Ghad to assist in the evacuation, when a wind gathers on the floor of the temple. A mocking laugh echoes through the Hall. “It is Tironock!” Ghad exclaims. Those pushing to get out of the temple push harder. The menacing laughter intensifies. Flames spring from the cyclone that forms in the center of the hall. With lava so near, Tironock quickly materializes. The demon projects his will into the minds of the subterranean goblins, ordering the wraiths to butcher the surface dwellers. The wraiths resist. Instead of attacking the surface dwellers, they draw their swords and turn to face Tironock.
Ghad rushes the demon from behind and drives the point of his sword into the demon’s calf. The monster howls. He feels pain, Trak realizes. Half a dozen soldiers follow Ghad’s example and begin hacking at the demon‘s legs that are protected by thick, red scales. Tironock rages. Smoke billows from his mouth, and his eyes glow bright red. Tironock Kan draws the power of the earth into himself and grasps a temple column in his arms. It blows into a thousand rock fragments that fly through the temple, killing and maiming. The demigod lumbers on his thick legs toward the temple’s exit where thousands are still pushing their way out of the mountain. Tironock cruelly stomps on the goblins in his path. Trak is outraged by Tironock’s cruelty. The demigod has the power to blow the temple to pieces, but instead, prefers to terrorize and torment his victims.
Trak hears the Thaumaturgist shouting, “The wine—use the wine!”
Trak is puzzled. What is his father yelling about? How can wine help? He looks toward Krage who is pressing his shoulder against a wine vat in a futile attempt to topple it. Trak understands. He orders Ghad’s soldiers to upend the vats. The wine splashes across the temple’s polished floor and flows toward Tironock. When the liquid engulfs Tironock’s feet, he bellows and turns to face Trak. The demon’s rage is immense. He lays his paws on a second column preparing to shatter the rock and send a thousand fragments in Trak’s direction. The column holds. Tironock bellows again. His power is ebbing and his corporal form dissipating. Within seconds he disappears in a whirling cloud of burning brimstone.
The surface goblins still able to stand continue to escape the Great Hall. The citizens of Neu Ardonbrae are stumbling through the city’s streets, and wraiths are assembling in the garden atop the mountain. The scene in the Great Hall is one of carnage. In the space of a hundred heart beats, Tironock wrought unimaginable destruction. Dozens have been smashed beneath his feet and hundreds more killed by flying debris or trampled by the crowd fleeing the temple. Trak finds Ghad and pulls the bloodied commander to his feet. He has received multiple cuts from flying rock but is still in control of his wits. “Aid the injured,” Ghad commands the soldiers who are still in the hall.
Trak is beginning to assess the magnitude of the problem the dead and injured present when a soldier shouts, “The lava is in the Great Hall!” Trak can feel the heat of the lava before he sees the orange magma enter through the side doors. The rising heat causes the banners hanging from the ceiling at the far end of the hall to superheat and explode in flames.
“Grab the injured and head for the garden,” Ghad orders. Trak gathers an old Queen in his arms and exits into a corridor. The lava flows across the floor, burying the dead and injured in a fiery grave before it spills out through the Great Doors and tumbles down the face of Holy Mountain into the city. Stragglers, still on the platform struggling to cross the narrow bridge, are consumed. The Great Doors burst into flames. Lava cascades from the bowels of the mountain onto the city below. 
Once in the garden atop Holy Mountain, Trak is relieved. The subterraneans are not totally unprepared. Many arrive in the garden with provisions they had assembled for their exodus. Trak is surprised to see King Lorring in the garden. Hogarth explains there was no opportunity for the king to escape through the temple’s main doors.
After the events in the Great Hall, the scene in the garden is comparatively tranquil. The garden’s trellises are being torn down to build litters to transport the injured. Ghad’s soldiers are organizing his people for the journey. Lava still pours out of the temple but hasn’t risen higher than the Great Hall. Ghad reminds Trak that as the lava cools and solidifies it will seal the exit and the magma will again rise. Trak wonders how Ghad intends to carry litters down the mountain. He climbs to the crater’s rim and looks  down the northeast face. He sees that in the few weeks the subterraneans have occupied the temple, they have cut switchbacks down the mountain’s steep slope.
Trak notes that his father and Alrik have escaped the Great Hall. He thinks of Myrel and Meg and is relieved they were not in the temple when Tironock materialized. Still, he wonders where they are. Trak speaks to the king. “Your Majesty, are you hurt?”
“No, thanks to my guard and Hogarth,” the king answers. “It seems Lord Lizardthroat’s ambition has once again surfaced. It is not safe for me to return to the city, and I can’t stay here waiting for the volcano to explode. Melkerei has every reason to think I am dead. Let him think so. I will travel with the white goblins to the mountains where I will plan my return to the city and put an end to Lizardthroat once and for all. There is an immediate problem. Lizardthroat now believes my newborn heir is all that stands between him and the crown. I want Hogarth to go to the Isle of Uisgebeatha and warn the Duke and my queen that Melkerei will send assassins.”


Chapter 40

Dragonton, Bretwalda: Wraiths Invade the Kingdoms of Men

In Dragonton, Lord Ran sits in his broch considering his plan to reduce the size of his smelting operation. It seems unlikely Trak will suddenly appear with another colossal contract. He answers a knock at his door and is surprised to see the white goblin, Terrin, standing in the dark. Ran recognizes Terrin as the son of Ghad, the wraith with all the gold. “Yes, Terrin, how can I help you?” He invites Terrin into his broch.
Terrin begins, “I bring news. The Second Sowing has begun. My father and Lord Dragonfire have led the goblins from the main hive beneath Neu Ardonbrae to the surface. The main hive is not alone. Other hives are also on the move. Soon the surface of the world will be swarming with white goblins looking for a place to settle.”
“There is more,” said Terrin. “Not all goblins are fleeing Tironock. Some remain under his control and have been sent to the surface to do his bidding. Even as we speak, a hive is preparing to attack the goblin fortress, Trak built on the eastern border. I fear King Red’s citadel will be next.”
“What can be done?” Ran asks. ”Is it too late to warn the defenders?”
“There is no way to reach the goblin fortress in time, but you must warn King Red to expect a subterranean attack on his royal stronghold. Families can take refuge in Dragonton. I have a few soldiers at my command who will guard the tunnels beneath Dragonton and give warning if you are attacked,” Terrin replies.
“What of Westhaven and my father’s castle?” asks Ran.
“I have no information about your father’s castle or any of the other cities in your kingdom, but the hives could strike anywhere, either to escape Tironock or to do his bidding. At the moment, my father has soldiers patrolling the coastal tunnel, but a large force could enter the tunnel at several points and quickly bring the coastal cities under siege.”
Ran replies, “I will put Dragonton on alert and send riders to warn other cities. I must ride to Red’s fortress and convince the King to evacuate the families and prepare for an attack. Will you come with me? You know better than I how to defend the fortress against the subterraneans.”
“Look for me tomorrow evening. I will meet you in front of the fortress. I prefer to travel through the tunnels. The thought of holding on to the back of a horse terrifies me.”
***
Lord Ran meets Terrin at the gates of Red’s fortress and escorts the white goblin into the king’s audience chamber. “Your Majesty,” Lord Ran begins. “This is Terrin Samraet, son of the commander who purchased weapons from us and built your eastern fortress. He brings important information.”
Surface goblins and cross-breeds are occasionally seen in the fortress, but this is the first time in his long life King Red has met an albino goblin wearing little more than black tattoos. Terrin repeats the information he delivered to Ran. King Red turns to his advisors and asks them when they last received a communication from the goblin-built fortress on the eastern border. “We have heard nothing for two days,” they respond.
Lord Ran interjects, “I’m sorry, Your Majesty, but it is likely the fortress has fallen. It is vulnerable to a subterranean attack. The same is true of this great fortress. I fear it will be sieged at any moment.”
“Why are you helping me?” King Red asks Terrin, distrustful as always of goblins.
“A war rages in the Underworld, Your Majesty. It is between those controlled by the demigod Tironock and those seeking to free themselves from his domination. The war has spilled over to the surface world. My father has led a rebellion of the Underworld’s most important hive. He has seized the great temple in the goblin capital. He hopes to exchange the temple for a new homeland on the surface. The demon Tironock has begun dispatching hordes of white goblins to the surface to destroy the rebels and enslave the surface peoples, including the kingdoms of men.”
“This fortress has never been taken,” interjects the king.
“Surface fortresses are easy targets. Their defenses face outward and are unprotected below. Tironock’s goblins are coming to assault this fortress. I am here because my father needs allies. Without support from the surface kingdoms, his rebels are caught between two enemies.”
“How long will it take the Underworld goblins to dig a tunnel into my fortress?” the king asks.
Terrin explains, “Your Majesty, the tunnels, for there are many, were dug generations ago. When the assault comes, the attackers will break into this fortress in a matter of moments. There will be little warning. Your best course of action is to abandon your citadel immediately.”
King Red gives Terrin a scornful look. “Is this a trick to draw my army into the open?”
Ran interrupts, “My Liege, I feared you would never abandon your citadel. I asked Terrin here to show us how we might defend against a subterranean attack. We may have only a few hours, at most, before the attack begins. I recommend you evacuate families from the castle. For the moment, they will be safer in the countryside.”
The king ponders what he has heard and wonders what part of the white goblin’s story is true when a captain enters the audience chamber. “Your Majesty,” he interrupts. “Four horsemen are here from the fortress on the eastern border. They report the stronghold has been overrun.”
The king orders the men brought before him. The senior officer speaks. “It wasn’t much of a battle, Your Majesty. Most of us were asleep when we heard shouting. We grabbed our swords and ran into the corridors to find them choked with white goblins. For a time, we held them at bay, but there were too many. We fought our way to the stables and came to bring you the news. The fortress has fallen.”
The king looks at Terrin. The son of the rebel commander says, “It is as I have said, Your Majesty. By now, the white goblins are already here.”
The king summons Stev Kleyman, captain of his guard. “This goblin brings word of a pending attack. Listen to what he says and prepare.” To his chamberlain he orders, “Evacuate all noncombatants from the castle. I want them gone within the hour.”
Terrin briefs the King’s captain on the goblin’s likely attack strategy. “They will enter through the lowest levels.”
“That would be the dungeons and wine cellars,” surmises the captain. 
“You must establish defensive positions at bottlenecks where your forces will have the advantage of numbers,” Terrin explains. “Take me to your lowest levels.”
The wine cellar is a long chamber with a vaulted ceiling. The wine barrels are arranged along one wall. The cellar’s only exit is a staircase that ascends to a kitchen storage room. “Clean out this area and erect a barricade,” Terrin indicates. “Place your archers on a platform so they can fire down on the attackers. Position guards below the barricade to deal with any who climb over. The defense will hold the attackers at bay for a time, but you must deliver a crippling blow if you hope to win the battle. What is above the wine cellar?”
“The main dining hall,” Captain Kleyman responds.
“Cut narrow holes in the floor of the dining hall and have vats of oil brought from the battlements.”
The captain questions the suggestion. “We can light the oil on fire, but there will not be enough air in the wine cellar to sustain the flame.”
“It is just as well. The fire will consume all the air and force the attackers to withdraw,” Terrin replies.
Terrin suggests a similar strategy to defend against an attack coming from the dungeons. He warns the captain. “I have anticipated the two most likely points where an attack will occur, but it is not enough. The attackers can enter from anywhere, even from inside the central keep or the towers. You must position guards throughout the fortress to watch for other possible attack points. If your guards listen carefully with their ears against the rock, they should hear the strikes of the attacker’s chisels. Keep fifty soldiers ready to rush at a moment’s notice to where they are needed, and stockpile materials for building barricades throughout the fortress.”
Lord Ran watches the noncombatants leave through the gates. He greets Queen Meriem as she and her twins are loaded into a litter. The queen asks, “Lord Ran is this truly the beginning of the Second Sowing?”
“I don’t know, My Queen, but Trak’s goblin friend believes it is so. If you find yourself in peril, make for Dragonton. There, I can protect you. I will return to Dragonton and prepare its defenses, as soon as Terrin finishes here.” Within two hours, the barricades are in place and workers have begun cutting murder holes in the ceilings above the likely entrance points. 
King Red walks into the courtyard where Ran is standing. “What now, Lord Ran? How long do we wait? I will be most annoyed if I made all these preparations for nothing.”
“How would you feel if you hadn’t prepared and there was an attack? Your Majesty has been most wise.” Ran replies.
The last of the noncombatants are exiting the fortress, when an excited guard runs to Captain Kleyman and reports, “We can hear knocking in the wine cellar.”
The captain runs to investigate. By the time he reaches the barricade, the sounds of stone blocks falling on the floor of the cellar is clearly heard. “Archers, to the ready,” he commands. Suddenly, five naked wraiths rush into the storage room and are halted by the barricade. They hesitate only a second before nimbly scaling the debris that blocks their way. ‘Fire!” yells the captain. The archers barely have time to reload before the second wave of white goblins swarms over their fallen comrades. One of the attackers manages to ascend the barricade and jump to the floor where he meets three swords. The intensity of the assault is more than Kleyman anticipated. He calls for reinforcements. With the number of bowman doubled, the assault ceases.
The captain reports to the king in his throne room. “Your Majesty, we blocked the first assault and confined the attackers to the wine cellar. I must leave to inspect the other defensive positions. The dungeon barricade is quiet, but as he walks through the courtyard, chaos erupts at the doors to the citadel’s temple. Three guards back out of the temple as they fight off a dozen goblins. The captain shouts for reinforcements.
In the heartbeats it takes for more men to arrive, a spear thrust kills one man and a dozen goblins rush past the two remaining guards, race across the cobblestones and enter the keep. The captain ignores the goblins running amuck inside the keep. Instead, he orders the reinforcements to retake the temple. He doesn’t want to deal with hundreds of wraiths swarming the fortress. The men fight their way into the temple and drive a score of goblins back into the hole they have cut in the floor. They push a heavy marble altar into the hole to temporarily seal it.
With the temple temporarily secure, Kleyman races into the keep followed by ten of his guards. He runs past the bodies of five goblins and two of his men sprawled in blood at the base of the staircase leading to the throne room. The captain hears fighting in the chamber above. He enters the throne room to find Lord Ran, Terrin Samraet and King Red standing on the throne’s platform, holding off seven determined wraiths. Kleyman shouts to distract the goblins away from the king. The goblins, outnumbered two to one and surrounded, don’t last long.
It is then that Kleyman realizes the King has taken a stab wound to his right side. Blood is spreading across the front of his tunic. The king collapses in Lord Ran’s arms. The captain shouts for the alchemist who knows something of the healing arts, only to realize Beedle has been evacuated with the noncombatants. Lord Ran tells the captain to return to the battle. He would stay with the king. Ran cuts away the king’s tunic to see blood pumping from the wound. He informs the king, “Your wound is grievous, Your Majesty.”. To a guard he orders, “Fetch a priest.”
“You can spare me the antics of a priest,” the king replies. “I am ready to die, although I would have picked a better moment. It gives me joy to know I leave an heir. Your father, Baron Teiber, will govern the kingdom until my son comes of age. Tell Queen Meriem I thank her for returning home. I know I am not the one she loves, but her sacrifice gave me back my honor and brought peace to the kingdom.” The king lowers his voice, “Thank Lord Dragonfire for keeping the queen’s secret. Even in my death, he must never reveal his true mother’s identity.” The king grows silent and closes his eyes never to open them again.
Ran and Terrin leave the king’s body to the care of his soldiers. They seek out Captain Kleyman and inform him of the king’s death. “It is a sad day,” says the captain, “but at least we saved the fortress.”
“You have led a heroic defense,” Ran acknowledges, “but, in truth, the fortress cannot hold. It is obsolete. You must move your fighting forces into the open fields and shift your camp every few days until we build a fortress that is not vulnerable to attack from below.”
“Is it possible to build such a structure?” Kleyman asks.
“I’m sure Terrin can tell us how,” Ran replies.
The next morning wraiths break through a dungeon wall and race unopposed into the courtyard. They find King Red’s great fortress abandoned.


Chapter 41

“The greatest naval officer the realm has ever seen does not murder babies.”
Admiral Ellot Fishbeater

Isle of Uisgebeatha: Assassins

On the Isle of Uisgebeatha, the warship’s First Officer, a veteran named Juelic Seadragon, seeks out Admiral Ellot Fishbeater. “Admiral, we must strike tonight. Lord Lizardthroat instructed us not to hesitate once we have word of the king’s death.”
Admiral Fishbeater hoped it wouldn’t come to this. Murdering the king’s heir doesn’t agree with his sense of honor. He wants to be remembered as the great naval officer who defeated an enemy armada and not as an assassin. Yet, Lizardthroat’s orders are clear. He was instructed to trick Myrel into thinking he had joined her side and take her to the Isle of Uisgebeatha for her safety. He was to wait until the king was dead and then murder the heir and Queen Dorla. “You, I and ten men will enter the queen’s chambers tonight while the rest of the crew prepares for immediate departure,” the admiral orders.
Beneath the Isle of Uisgebeatha, Hogarth and two of Ghad’s soldiers emerge from the tunnel and climb to the top of the cliff. Traveling without sleep, they reach the isle in only three days. By taking the underground tunnel, they avoid the channel sailing. Hopefully, they will reach the heir before the assassins.
Hogarth leaves Ghad’s soldiers in hiding and approaches the castle’s gate. He pounds on the yett until the guard responds. “Am I in time?” he asks the guard. “Is the king’s son safe? Assassins have been sent to murder him.”
“As far as I know,” replies the guard who recognizes Hogarth as the one who escorted Meg to the isle a few months back. “We have heard that the king was murdered by white wraiths, but the son is safe here under the duke’s protection.” The guard adds, “The only strangers on the island are Admiral Fishbeater and the crew that rescued the Priestesses Meg and Myrel from Lord Lizardthroat.”
Hogarth doesn’t like hearing that a crew from the capital is in the castle. “Take me to the duke. I must warn him,”
The admiral delays until after midnight to synchronize his attack with the tide. He leads his First Officer and ten crewmen up the steps of the tower to the queen’s chamber. Sweat pours off his face. He doesn’t know how to stop what is about to happen. As they approach the door to the chamber, one of the queen’s ladies-in-waiting emerges. Before she can raise the alarm, Seadragon silences her with his dagger.
Admiral Fishbeater says to Seadragon, “You and I will enter the chamber and carry out Lizardthroat’s order. The rest of you stand guard and prepare to fight your way out of the castle.” The admiral draws his dagger and follows Seadragon into the chamber. He shuts the door behind him. The crew hears a female scream and then all is quiet. They wait anxiously for the captain and the admiral to reappear. Others in the castle must have heard the scream and will soon come to investigate.
Even before the scream stops echoing through the castle, Farg is leading the charge up the stairs to the queen’s chambers. The assassins are caught in the tower with no route of escape. Farg and Hogarth set upon the sailors and kill the first two crewmen they encounter. The other sailors drop their weapons and surrender. Farg tries the door and finds it locked. “Who is inside,” he demands to know.
“Admiral Fishbeater and Captain Seadragon,” the frightened sailors confess.
Farg orders the door smashed. When the door’s hinges finally give way, he discovers the queen clinging to the royal heir. Seadragon lies in a pool of blood at the side of the bed Against the wall Admiral Fishbeater sits with a dagger protruding from his gut. Fishbeater is still alive. Before he dies, he speaks, “Tell Lord Lizardthroat that the greatest naval officer the kingdom has ever seen does not murder babies.”


Chapter 42

City of Neu Ardonbrae: Battle for Neu Ardonbrae

The lava flow that bisects the city of Neu Ardonbrae works to Ghad’s advantage. It creates a physical barrier between the fleeing white goblins and Lord Lizardthroat’s army. By the time word reaches Melkerei that thousands of subterranean goblins are migrating toward the mountains, it is too late to catch them in the open. Upon reaching the mountains, Ghad’s people enter a large cave and begin tunneling a new hive. Surrounding the cave are valleys that can support husbandry. The Queen Mothers intend for the hive to raise sheep and trade sheep products with the outside world. They envision a wool industry. Using the tools they brought with them, including some that Trak gave them eight years before, the white goblins tunnel a new hive at a furious pace.
To the delight of the subterraneans, the diggers discover a salt deposit beneath the mountain. Salt has economic potential. It is also easy to excavate. As they mine the salt they create a huge cavern that will serve as a plantation. It is decided, for the present, not to connect the new hive to existing tunnels. It is reasoned that without a subterranean passage Tironock will find it more difficult to reach them.
Ghad remains vigilant. He sends daily patrols to detect any hostile threats in the vicinity. The subterranean goblins find the surface world both beautiful and inhospitable. They are accustomed to living in dry tunnels where the temperature is constant. To keep the immigrants dry and warm, Trak shows them how to build wattle and daub huts and to roof them with thatch and sod. He teaches them how to construct defensive ramparts using the rock they remove from the mountain. By the time Hogarth and Myrel arrive at the encampment, the immigrants have achieved a modicum of comfort and are making progress on the new hive. 
***
Myrel finds Trak sitting on a rock outcrop overlooking the encampment. He is deep in thought and doesn’t realize Myrel is there until Dungoth licks his chin and Myrel sits beside him and asks, “What are you thinking about husband?”
Trak smiles and takes her hand in his. “It is good to have you here.”
The couple shares all that has transpired since they separated. Trak is relieved to hear that Lizardthroat’s plot against the king’s heir failed. Myrel repeats what Queen Dorla told her. “Captain Seadragon and Admiral Fishbeater entered the bedchamber with daggers drawn. As they approached the Queen’s bed, the admiral turned on the captain. In the struggle each stabbed the other.” Hogarth arrived moments later, but Queen Dorla and the heir would have been killed if the Admiral hadn’t defied Lord Lizardthroat’s order.”
That night, scouts report a large goblin force marching toward the capital. Ghad shifts two thousand workers from hive construction to military duties and marches to intercept. From a cliff, he and Trak watch five thousand wraiths, equipped with bronze weapons, kick up a dust cloud. To the north, they spot Lord Lizardthroat’s forces coming to meet the threat.
Ghad has a quandary. Which side should he support He is no friend of Lord Lizardthroat, but is the approaching subterranean army under Tironock’s control? Ghad fears Tironock more than Lizardthroat. From their vantage point, Ghad and Trak watch the two forces assume their battle formations. The white goblins hold a third of their force in reserve and commit two thirds to a direct frontal assault on the high ground held by Lizardthroat. Melkerei also divides his forces. Two thirds hold the hill and another third circles west to strike the enemy’s flank. Although outnumbered, Lord Lizardthroat’s forces are armed with iron weapons, including the thrusting spears Trak designed many years before.
The white goblins advance methodically until they are within a quarter of a league and then charge the center of Lizardthroat’s position. The defenders in Melkerei’s center fall back to allow the Blue Daggers on the flanks to encircle the attacking vanguard. The tactic works. Along the line where the two armies meet, a higher percentage of Lizardthroat’s soldiers are engaged in active fighting, compensating for their disadvantage in strength. Early in the battle, the iron weapons and spears of Lizardthroat’s army are decisive. “It will not be long now before Lizardthroat will have his enemy on the run,” Ghad observes.
Trak comments, “Maybe not. The white goblin reserves are moving.” A moment later the half naked wraiths charge Lizardthroat’s thinly defended eastern flank. Lizardthroat recognizes the threat immediately. He orders his trinagi buglers to signal the eastern flank to fall back and merge with the center before they are overrun by the attacking white goblins. Slowly the battle line rotates. Lizardthroat commits his reserves in an assault against the enemy’s western flank. “That should do it,” Ghad concludes. “Lizardthroat has the upper hand.”
Trak mutters, “What do the white goblins hope to accomplish by this battle? Are they trying to capture and occupy the capital or are they just mindless pawns in Tironock’s schemes?” The answer soon becomes clear.
Lizardthroat is pleased the battle is going in his favor. He enjoys the spectacle of his Blue Daggers systematically cutting down the poorly equipped enemy.
As the white goblins fall back a cloud of dust swirls in the middle of the battlefield. Flames shoot from a cyclonic cloud. Within the cloud, Tironock takes form. He towers ten-goblins high, even larger than when he appeared in the temple. Burning brimstone belches from his maw. Blood-red scales covering his thick limbs and torso reflect the sunlight with the intensity of a thousand mirrors. His phallus stands erect and his snake-like horns twist above his head. The demon mocks his enemy with laughter.
Lord Melkerei Lizardthroat remembers how in the temple, Ghad’s soldiers successfully attacked the demon. He orders his bolters to fire. Most of the arrows bounce off the monster’s thick scales. Blue Daggers thrust their iron spears into Tironock’s legs. The demon howls in pain and comes lumbering straight toward Commander Lizardthroat. At that moment, Tironock projects his will into the wraiths. He commands the wraiths to slaughter Lord Lizardthroat’s army.
Lizardthroat’s soldiers feel the intensity of Tironock’s rage. A wave of fear sweeps through their ranks. Those who retain the courage to stand and fight are trampled beneath the demigod’s feet or swarmed over by naked, screaming wraiths. Melkerei turns and runs. The Blue Daggers break and flee with their commander. Some even abandon their weapons. Tironock vanishes, leaving only his laughter echoing through the valley.
Trak is still considering the implications of what he has witnessed when Ghad bolts from the cliff. An hour later Ghad’s forces are hiding in readiness. They wait for the wraiths to straggle back to the battlefield and set up camp. When most have returned, exhausted from pursing Lord Lizardthroat’s army, Ghad attacks. He is on the unsuspecting white goblins before most of them can react. When Ghad seizes the wraith commander, the subterraneans surrender.
The commander, Leant Silverworm, seems relieved to be a prisoner. Trak catches up with Ghad and listens as the commander relates his tale. “Tironock moved into our hive a year ago. He monitored our every action. Whenever he discovered signs of treachery, real or imagined, he was unmerciful. He would demand the guilty and their families be brought before him. He tormented them for a day or two in front of the assembled hive before trampling them to death. He executed our Queen Mothers. A few months ago, he began projecting his thoughts into our minds. We were forced to obey. The consequences of disobedience were too grisly.”
“A fortnight ago, Tironock returned after a short absence in the foulest mood imaginable. He ordered us to prepare for war, and then four days ago we were ordered to leave our hive and march on the capital of the surface goblins. We have no quarrel with our surface brothers. Today, when the capital’s army broke and ran, we pursued at a distance but allowed the survivors to escape unharmed. Once out of Tironock’s sight, we still have the strength to resist his twisted will.”
Ghad, in turn, relates the tale of his people. He concludes by saying, “A fortnight ago, we thwarted Tironock when he appeared in the temple. I am sorry Tironock vented his anger on your people.”
Commander Silverworm replies, “My soldiers are brave, but their hearts were not in today’s fighting. We faced warriors equipped with weapons made of the new metal for the first time. We were at a great disadvantage. We would have been happy to lose the battle and gracefully retreat, but Tironock wouldn’t allow it.” Commander Silverworm pleads, “What are we to do?”
Ghad replies “Join us. We have built a new hive under the channel that separates the Isle of Uisgebeatha from the mainland. Your people can take refuge there. The hive has some food stores. We hope that Tironock will not pursue us under the sea, since water weakens his power.”
Ghad points to Trak, “Commander Silverworm, I would like you to meet Lord Dragonfire, the inventor of the new metal weapons you faced today.”
Silverworm turns toward Trak and studies the cross-breed for the first time. “We have heard of you, Lord Dragonfire. You are the son of the Thaumaturgist and an ally of the men in the south. Commander Samraet is fortunate to have you.”
Trak nods his head at the commander, but his thoughts are on Tironock. “As Ghad Samraet’s sorcerer, it I must find a way to defeat Tironock. The demon has weaknesses. He feels pain and is powerless when standing in water. He has strengths. He transports himself as a pure essence and assumes corporal form as needed. People fear him because he speaks directly into their minds and tortures and kills those who don’t obey.” Trak considers the source of Tironock’s power. “Like the Thaumaturgist and his family, he appears to draw energy from the earth’s magma.”
Trak recalls how Tironock shattered a column and sent thousands of rock fragments flying through the temple. How does Tironock control inanimate objects? Trak remembers how Tironock grasped the temple column in his hand before it shattered. Perhaps that is the trick.
Trak leaves Ghad and Leant to their conversation and finds a secluded spot where he can test his incite. He summons the Earth’s power. When the blue light engulfs his hand, he rests a stone in his palm and wills it to fly. He is amazed how easily the rock flies off his palm and disappears into the darkness. He practices until he gains some control over the rock’s trajectory. Next, he selects a rock that is too heavy to lift and places his hand on its side. Instead of sailing off, the rock explodes in a cloud of dust. A thousand stinging fragments pelt his unprotected skin and deliver numerous superficial cuts. Fortunately, his eyes are uninjured. Trak laughs and mutters sarcastically, “What a great sorcerer I am! I nearly blew myself up.”
In the morning, Leant’s soldiers break into small bands to head for Ghad’s hive under the sea. Ghad admonishes Commander Silverworm, “It is your fear that keeps you bound to Tironock. If you control your fear, he cannot control you.”


Chapter 43

Bretwalda: Queen Fae Flees to Bretwalda

In the Kingdom of Bretwalda, Baron Teiber assumed the position of Regent. He appointed his son, Lord Ran, Commander of the King’s Army. Samraet’s soldiers guarded the tunnels beneath Dragonton and provided a measure of security for Queen Meriem and her twins who sought refuge in the castle. Enemy wraiths continued to occupy both King Red’s Fortress and the stronghold Trak’s goblins built on the eastern border. The wraiths were content for the moment to remain inside the captured fortresses.
Lord Ran’s his first order of business was to construct a stronghold that could withstand an attack by tunneling wraiths. In an abandoned rock quarry, he began building a fortress on water. Ran intended to construct a grid of twenty-foot-high stone columns across the floor of the quarry’s pit. Each column would measure five feet in diameter, wide enough to support a heavy weight but too narrow to contain a tunnel. The columns would be interconnected with vaulted arches. On top of the arches he would lay a stone floor to support his fortification. Finally, he would flood the pit with water diverted from a nearby stream. The finished stronghold would resemble a small island floating in a lake. Any wraith attempting to tunnel into the floating fortress would surely drown.
While Ran was immersed in constructing his goblin-proof fortress, refuges begin arriving from the Kingdom of Queen Fae, Bretwalda’s eastern neighbor. Six days later, Queen Fae led what was left of her army into Lord Ran’s camp. She was sorry to learn that King Red died in battle, but she had problems of her own. She was attacked in her palace by wraiths entering through underground tunnels. She and a hundred soldiers barricaded themselves in her banquet hall for three days and repelled every effort by the subterraneans to break in. The enemy knocked so many holes in the walls and floor of the hall that it became difficult to defend all possible points of attack. When their food ran out, the queen abandoned her palace rather than starve. After exiting her palace, she set up a camp in an open field where she waited for her liegemen to send reinforcements. Two days ago, the subterraneans left the palace and attacked her encampment.
She described to Ran the encounter. “At first, I was gladdened by the site of the attacking goblins. In the open field, goblins are no match for my cavalry. I was looking forward to cutting the enemy to pieces. But when the wraith army approached, we saw that we would be fighting more than just skinny goblins. They had a dozen cave trolls in their midst. Each troll was the height of three men. They were huge, stupid squinty-eyed creatures, armed with massive clubs.”
“Where did the enemy find trolls?” Lord Ran asked.
Terrin interjected, “There are fouler things in the earth than wraiths.”
Queen Fae saw the white goblin for the first time and instinctively drew her sword. Ran stepped between her and Terrin with his arms spread. “This wraith is on our side,” he assured her.
Terrin continued, “The goblins have driven all the trolls out of the north, but here in the south they live in deep underground caves. They raid underground hives and feast on goblin flesh. The fact that trolls are cooperating with goblins indicates Tironock has learned to bend them to his will.”
“Tironock?” asked the queen. “Who is he?”
Ran remembered that the Eastlanders followed a different religious tradition from that practiced by his people. “We believe that Tironock is the evil half of the Earth Spirit. Our religion foretells that he will emerge from the Underworld and attempt to conquer all people who live on the surface.”
“You must be talking about that red giant with long, twisty horns and a longer prick.” The queen replied. “Our battle against the wraiths and their trolls was going well enough until that fire-breathing demon showed up. He appeared out of a cloud of fire and smoke. My cavalry charged him and began driving their spears under his red scales. He squealed like a pig having his balls cut off and backed off, but then he started picking up boulders and throwing them at us. He laughed hysterically the whole time he played a game of ninepins with my best warriors. He wouldn’t let us get close, so I ordered a retreat.”
“I have more bad news,” Queen Fae announced. “We have not come alone. An army of wraiths and trolls is following us and will be here at nightfall. We haven’t seen Big Red, but I imagine he is coming too.”
“Have you come seeking refuge, Your Majesty?” asked Lord Ran.
“Hell, no!” replied the Queen. “We were hoping King Red would loan us his catapults and some iron spears. We need a weapon that will penetrate the demon’s scales.”
“Unfortunately, the only catapults in the vicinity are inside the fallen fortress.”
“So let’s go get them,” said the queen. “How hard can it be? Your wraiths don’t even have trolls.”
Lord Ran agreed, “It is possible to retake the fortress and hold it long enough to recover the catapults. We will attack in one hour.”
Lord Ran assembled all the available warriors. Within the hour, four hundred of his men and one hundred of Queen Fae’s cavalry marched on the gates. Men with hooks and ladders led the vanguard. They stopped out of range of goblin archers to assemble their attack formations. Lord Ran prepared to give the attack order when the drawbridge was lowered and the gates of the fortress swung open. “What is this?” questioned Queen Fae. “Are they going to meet us in open battle?” A second later a solitary wraith walked out onto the bridge. It was Terrin Samraet.


Chapter 44

City of Neu Ardonbrae: Fall from Grace

Ghad marches his two thousand soldiers, not back to the mountains, but toward the capital city of Neu Ardonbrae. “I have sent word for King Lorring to meet us at the gates of the city,” Ghad informs Trak. “We will take the city before the Blue Daggers can regroup.”
King Lorring strides at the front of Ghad’s army as it enters the city. They find its gates unguarded and streets deserted. The lava has cooled in the streets, and Ghad leads his army across the black rock. The guards at the palace doors step aside as King Lorring, Ghad and Trak enter. They find Lord Lizardthroat sitting on the throne. He stares blankly at the king as he approaches.
“Lock Lord Lizardthroat in the dungeons!” the king orders. Melkerei offers only a sneer in protest. He is led away without a word exchanged between King Lorring and his Chief Advisor.” 
***
Neu Ardonbrae is in ruins. Fires started by the molten lava have consumed the richest of the buildings. The citizens have fled. Even the city’s prison stands empty. Only a few remnants of the Blue Daggers roam the city searching for food and abandoned valuables. The city reminds Trak of the ancient ruins of Ardonbrae. He imagines that the ancient capital met a similar fate. At least, the lava has stopped flowing out of the doors of the Septantrak.
With the king’s approval, Ghad’s army takes charge of the city’s cleanup operations. While Ghad’s captains go about the tasks of clearing the city of Blue Daggers and other scavengers, Trak and Ghad pay a visit to the great temple. They climb the ancient staircase leading to the Great Hall. The narrow bridge, constructed to span the gap Trak created with his explosives, has been consumed in the lava flow. Ghad and Trak work their way across the hardened lava. It still feels warm to Trak’s touch. They look into the temple. The lava has raised the floor twenty feet. It surrounds the bases of the temple’s columns and covers the remains of all who died there a month before. A few charred banners still hang from the ceiling. Except for the column Tironock imploded, the hall is not greatly altered by the volcano. It could be restored. Lava fills many of the corridors in the lower levels of the temple and makes them impassable. The corridor leading to the scriptorium is blocked, but it is likely that the catacombs can still be entered through its main entrance.
How had the caverns beneath the temple faired? Trak wonders. He locates one of the secret escape passages. It is still open. Trak and Ghad descend to the cavern below. As they approach the ancient seat of the goblin religion, the air reeks of brimstone. The cavern is unchanged. The lava has followed a different path to the surface. Lava still flows in the cavern’s chasm, and an orange glow lights the space. The giant stone goblin is gone. Tironock threw it into the chasm the day the temple was seized. Trak peers into the flowing lava and watches the dark patches on the magma’s surface swirl in and out of recognizable shapes.
It is likely one can still walk to the ruins of Ardonbrae and possibly to the hive below. Ghad decides, “I will send soldiers to explore the possibility that worms and mushrooms can be harvested from the hive’s compost plantation.” Trak is pensive and says little. Ghad asks, “Lord Dragonfire, you have been unusually subdued since the last battle. What is troubling you?”
“I fear there is no force powerful enough to destroy Tironock. He is part of an eternal being. He is evil only because he is a fragmented, separated from the part of him that tempers his instincts and makes him whole. To be controlled, he must reunite with his missing half, Shenal Ken. I am troubled because I don’t know how to accomplish this task.”
“Can you reverse the process by which he was made?” asks Ghad.
Trak speculates, “An ancient text in Bretwalda records that Septan, the first Thaumaturgist, tried to eliminate evil from the world by drawing it out of the Earth Spirit and into himself. He failed. The evil was too great for Septan to contain. It killed him. In his attempt, he loosed Tironock on the world and left the Earth Spirit weakened. If one Thaumaturgist can split the Earth Spirit in two, I suppose another can merge the parts together again. Finding Tironock will be no problem, but where do I find Shenal Ken?”
When Ghad suggests they leave the cavern, Trak requests a moment. “I want to contact Myrel and inform her of the most recent developments in the capital.” Trak sits on the cavern floor and draws power from the flowing magma. Ghad walks to the edge of the cavern and rests on a stone ledge. Trak expects to have difficulty contacting Myrel. It is the middle of the day and she could be busily engaged and not receptive to his attempts to reach her. To his surprise, he finds Myrel and Krage sitting on the floor of Trak’s hut preparing to contact him.
“Where are you, Trak? What has happened?” Myrel asks when his spirit enters the hut.
“I’m in the cavern beneath the temple. I came to survey the damage caused by the volcano. Except for looters, the capital is deserted and fires have destroyed half the buildings. King Lorring arrested Lord Lizardthroat for the attempted assassinations. The lava has stopped flowing through the Great Hall. The temple is damaged but not beyond repair. Ghad’s soldiers are restoring order in the city. What news do you have?” 
“Alexia and Grenab arrived today. They bring word of a huge migration of subterranean goblins along the east coast. Alexia says they are not armed. They are refugees fleeing Tironock. They seek refuge wherever they can find it. Alexia’s small community is overflowing with subterraneans. The surface dwellers are frightened by the stories the refugees bring. Everyone is in a panic. Thousand of goblins are headed for the mountains.”
Myrel continues, “Messengers from the hive beneath the channel have arrived. They report a large goblin force, loyal to Tironock, has entered the coastal tunnel and now occupies the main hive beneath Neu Ardonbrae. They may try to capture the capital.”
Trak thanks Myrel and Krage for their news. When he emerges from his trance, he finds Ghad standing over him with blood on his drawn sword. He is yelling, “Wake up! We must get out of here.” On the stone floor lay three wraiths in pools of their own blood.
Trak watches Ghad drag the bodies of the dead wraiths to the edge of the platform and toss them into the fiery chasm. Trak speaks, “Krage and Myrel report that goblins loyal to Tironock are in the tunnels below us, but I gather you already know that.”
“You jest, but except for some incredible luck, you would now be dead. I was sitting at the edge of the cavern and was almost asleep when the war cry of three wraiths startled me. I looked up to see the wraiths charging across the cavern. I intercepted the lead attacker, but the second wraith ran past me and headed straight for you. I yelled for you to wake, but I knew it was pointless. I had to throw my sword to stop the wraith from delivering his blow. I have no idea how one throws a sword, but fortunately the tip and not the hilt found the attacker’s back.”


Chapter 45

It is strange a beast as powerful can be defeated by a small trick.
Terrin Samraet

King Red’s Fortress, Bretwalda

“What has happened? Where are the white goblins?” Lord Ran asks Terrin Samraet.
“After your decision to retake the fortress, I entered the stronghold through an underground tunnel and spoke to the wraith commander. I explained our need for catapults and asked him for his help. He said we were fools to fight Tironock. He thanked me for warning him of Tironock’s approach. ‘The fortress is yours,’ he told me. He ordered his soldiers to run for the tunnels.”
Queen Fae wastes no time. She and her men climb the battlements to ready the catapults for the pending attack. Among the catapults are two massive crossbows designed to fire heavy iron spears into siege engines. With these giant crossbows, Queen Fae would slay the demon Tironock. The queen sets her men to sharpening the iron spear tips that are as heavy as anvils.
At dusk, Queen Fae’s wraiths appear. They stay out of range until a dozen trolls come into view. Five trolls lumber toward the gates of the fortress. Lord Ran orders his archers to fire. Each troll receives dozens of hits. Most of the arrows stick in their thick leather armor. Strikes to their hands and feet enrage the trolls, but don’t stop their advance. An arrow pierces the globe of one Troll’s eye. He roars in pain and yanks the arrow out, pulling his globe out of its socket. When the first troll reaches the moat below the raised drawbridge, he wades into the water and hammers the wooden gate with his huge cudgel. Soon, three trolls are battering the base of the gate. Ran can see that with each blow small splinters fly from the gate’s oak timbers. He judges it will take a long time before the gate fails.
Then, three more trolls carrying long spikes arrive. They drive the points into the soften wood and pry off chunks. The dimwitted giants produce significant damage. In a few minutes they would drill a small hole through the gate. Lord Ran orders boiling oil poured from the battlement. The trolls howl and fall back, but a moment later they are at it again. They enter the moat and resume hammering and picking the timbers at the base of the gate. The men successfully impede the trolls until their supply of oil is exhausted. Ran orders the large rocks used in the catapults dropped on the heads of the trolls. One hits a head with an audible thud. The troll collapses and floats face down in the moat. The bruised, blistered and punctured trolls hammer on. With Tironock’s will driving them, they will not stop while they live.
When the trolls had chipped a hole large enough for a goblin to crawl through, a troll appears with an enormous hook attached to a thick rope. He inserts the hook through the hole and lodges its barb on the inside of the wooden gate. The full contingent of trolls grabs the rope and heave in unison. A timber cracks, doubling the size of the hole. A troll wades out into the moat and repositions the hook. Ran realizes that soon the gate will be breached. He orders the oil floating on the surface of the moat ignited. It would burn for an hour and buy the defenders time.
“How do we stop them?” Ran asks Terrin.
“Find sacks of flour?” Terrin responds. What does Terrin want to do, wonders Ran, bake them a cake? Ran sends soldiers to the kitchens to gather what flour they can locate. He watches as Terrin pours a bag into the flaming moat. The fine powder burns so rapidly that it produces a small explosion. “This will work,” Terrin announces.
When the oil in the moat is consumed, a troll carrying the hook wades toward the door. As he reaches through the hole in the gate to set the hook, a man standing behind the door throws flour into the troll’s face, blinding him, while a second man shoves a torch into the eye slits of his helm. The troll’s eyes are badly burned as the flour ignites. A second troll, attempting to set the hook, is also blinded. Ran thanks Terrin for his solution. Terrin responds, “It is strange a beast so powerful can be defeated by so small a trick.”
Terrin spoke too soon. The trolls are not defeated. The next one to approach the door covers his head with a leather cloak. He wades to the gate and blindly sets the hook. In a moment, another timber is yanked from the gate. “We need some of Trak’s explosives,” exclaims Lord Ran. “I’ll search the armory; perhaps some of his pyrotechniques are still there.” He finds barrels containing the ingredients needed to make black powder. The goblins who captured the fortress didn’t know the purpose of the powders and left them undisturbed. “Trak makes his explosives by mixing these three ingredients,” Lord Ran informs Queen Fae. “Unfortunately, I don’t know the exact formula.”
“We don’t have time to figure it out. Mix them together and hope it works,” the Queen responds. She orders five of her soldiers to shake equal parts of charcoal, brimstone and niter together in the empty flour bags. When the ingredients are crudely mixed, the powder is poured back into the wooden storage barrels. Within five minutes, five barrels of crude black powder stand stacked in the courtyard.
The battle for the gate continues for another hour. Men with long spears jab at the trolls attempting to set the hook. Using their full strength, they thrust their spears into the hides covering the troll’s faces seeking to penetrate the eye slits in their helms.
Most of the combatants on both sides stand watching as the trolls mindlessly pick apart the gate. As the gate weakens, both sides know the fighting is about to begin in earnest. When the gate fails, Lord Ran expects the Underworld wraiths to follow the remaining trolls into the courtyard. The archers and the catapulters stand on the battlements ready to blunt the charge. When the charge comes, the attackers quickly reach the gate. The catapulters have time to launch only one volley, tossing large boulders at the charging goblins and sending dozens of attackers flying. But the number of wraiths casualties produced is insignificant.
The archers are more effective. The subterranean goblins wear no protective armor, and most shots bring down an attacker. Heavily armored knights stand in the gateway preventing the last two standing trolls from climbing out of the moat. The men defending the fortress are focused on the attacking goblins and don’t notice the cloud of dust swirling in the courtyard until Tironock begins to take form. As Tironock materializes, both men and goblins back to the edge of the inner wall. They watch Tironock lumber over to the tower that supports the gate and place his hands on the stones. The tower blows apart, crushing the combatants below with chunks of stone.
On the battlements, men struggle to rotate the heavy catapults so they can get a shot at the demon. The first bow fires, sending a heavy iron spear into the flesh of Tironock’s forearm. Tironock roars. The men manning the bow scatter as Tironock flings a large fragment of the fallen tower and smashes the catapult beyond use. Tironock turns to face the second crossbow. The weapon is not yet in position to fire. The men flee when Tironock throws a second chunk of the tower in their direction. The fragment of masonry smashes into the top of the battlement, toppling the crossbow into the courtyard below.
Lord Ran considers the situation desperate. He has only one trick left. He orders an archer to fire a flaming arrow into the barrels that contain the black powder. Tironock is standing over the barrels, pulling the iron spear out of his forearm when the powder ignites. The blast knocks Lord Ran off his feet. When he regains his footing, he sees that Tironock’s arm had been blown from his body, blood gushes from the severed arteries.
Ran dares to hope. Perhaps the blast will kill the demon. He is wrong. Tironock dematerializes and then reforms himself. The arm is again attached. Queen Fae’s men use the moments when Tironock’s fate is uncertain to right the fallen crossbow. As the demon again solidifies, they fire their last iron spear into the demon’s back. The spear penetrates his dense scales; its tip rips through his body and protrudes out of his chest. Both men and goblins stop fighting to watch Tironock shriek in agony. The demon looks down at the cruel barb protruding from his breastplate and screams once more before his form quivers, becomes transparent and dissolves in a cloud of dust. The iron spear falls to the courtyard and clanks on the cobblestones.
“Tironock is dead!” Queen Fae shouts. Ran isn’t sure and doesn’t want to take the gamble. He has placed his last bet.
Terrin shouts, “Into the keep!” Lord Ran, Queen Fae and the surviving men follow Terrin Samraet through the door and seal it. They prepare for the goblin attack as one of the remaining trolls begins pounding on the door. It will not hold long. Lord Ran Teiber is forced to embrace the likelihood that he is destined to die defending the keep.
Outside the impossible happens. Tironock Kan again takes form. Through a window, Queen Fae watches in amazement, as the demon is reborn. “It is immortal. It cannot die,” Terrin shouts. Tironock grabs the troll who is hammering the door and tossed him across the courtyard. He then lays both hands on the wall of the keep. He laughs as the keep shakes and the walls crumble. The lofty keep that bears the stronghold’s colossal sculpted snake crumbles. In twenty heartbeats, there is nothing left of King Red’s mighty fortress but stone rubble.



White wraiths and trolls attack King Red’s fortress.


Chapter 46

Our world is changing rapidly and you are the catalyst.
Melkerei Lizardthroat

City of Neu Ardonbrae

“We have discovered that subterraneans under Tironock’s control are in the hive beneath the temple. It is likely they are preparing to attack the city,” Ghad informs King Lorring. “We have no idea how formidable they may be or if Tironock will join in the attack. The safest course of action is to abandon the city. In the countryside, we can see the enemy approaching and have time to react.”
The king considers Ghad’s advice and replies, “Let us assemble all our forces on the Isle of Uisgebeatha. Since the enemy lacks naval vessels, it is the place the wraiths will find the most difficult to attack. The sea will protect us and give us time to prepare. There we make our final stand.”
Trak doesn’t like the sound of the words “final stand.” Have we arrived at the end of history? he wonders. “The longer we delay, the more scattered and weakened we become,” the king reasons.
“But if we concentrate our forces in one place, everything could be lost in one battle. If we fail to hold the Isle of Uisgebeatha, we will have no place to run.” Ghad frets.
The king stands and points to the large mural on the wall. “I am inspired by the example of our naval hero, Admiral Ellot Fishbeater. When faced with a desperate situation, he made bold decisions.” The enormous painting depicted the courageous admiral ramming his transporter into an enemy warship while other warships burned in the harbor. Almost nothing in the picture corresponds to Trak’s memory of the day.
When the king hears no more dissenting arguments, he orders a ship readied for his departure. “I will proceed to the island and warn Duke Amin to prepare for your arrival.”
Ghad turns to one of his captains and says, “We march south in the morning. Take all the food you can find. Send runners to the mountains and ask our warriors to meet us in the new hive beneath the channel.” He turns to Trak. “You must ask the men in the south to join us on the isle. We will need their strength.”
“Why do you think they will help us?” Trak asks.
Ghad replies, “In the south, Tironock controls ten thousand subterranean goblins and scores of cave trolls. By now, they have overrun the kingdoms of men. There may still be pockets of defenders who are desperately seeking allies. I have instructed my son Terrin to gather the defenders at Dragonton and hold the castle until I send for him. Sail with the king to Uisgebeatha and from there continue to Dragonton.” Ghad pauses and speaks directly to his sorcerer, “Consider carefully how you will defeat Tironock Kan. The king’s plan will buy us time, but in the end it is up to you.”
“You must know the truth. I don’t know how to stop the demon,” Trak confesses.
“Yes, but you must. Seek out Shenal Ken. Perhaps she can guide you,” Ghad advises.
***
In the morning, Trak makes himself comfortable in the bow of the warship sailing for the Isle of Uisgebeatha. The deck is crowded, and ironically, Lord Lizardthroat is chained to the railing nearby. King Lorring is taking him to the Isle of Uisgebeatha for trial. Lizardthroat looks subdued. He stares blankly at the horizon.
When Trak, lost in his own thoughts, has forgotten Lizardthroat is near, the commander speaks to him. “I remember the day many years ago when Krage presented you to King Giforing. You were so naive. You didn’t even know you were Krage’s son. The king and I recognized you at once. There were only two cross-breeds of any significance in the kingdom, you and your sister. The king looked at you and saw the chosen one who would save the world. I saw only a clever lad with a talent for making iron. I thought, one day we might become allies. I would rule the kingdom with you as my Thaumaturgist. I dreamed of returning the kingdom to its former glory when my ancestors ruled over the continent and men hid in caves and feared our might. I have made many mistakes in my life, but I was right to let you live. Our world is changing rapidly and you are the catalyst.”
Trak is only half listening. He is looking at the Blue Dagger embroidered on Lizardthroat’s filthy tunic. “How is it that your family adopted a blue dagger as a sigil?”
Melkerei looks surprised. “It is, of course, the sword spoken of in prophecy.” Trak looks perplexed. Melkerei adds, “You are still naive. The prophecies say in the battle that concludes the Second Sowing, a hero will fight Tironock Kan with a sword filled with blue magic. My family adopted the sigil to proclaim our right to kill Tironock. The symbol is on the sword the king presented to me. I assumed you placed it there to identify it as my property.” Lord Lizardthroat raises the sleeve on his tunic. There in the soft tissues of his upper arm is a serpent encircling a blue sword. “The symbol has long been worn by my family to mark our destiny. My son bears the same mark.”
“I didn’t know you had a son,” Trak replies.
“I have a worthy son, but for his protection his identity is hidden.” Lizardthroat explains.
The revelations startle Trak. He raises his own tunic and shows Melkerei the zigzag line that encircled the raised sword tattooed on his chest. Lord Lizardthroat gasps and pulls at his chains. “How come you by such a symbol? You must have seen it on buildings in the ruins of Ardonbrae?” the commander accuses.
“It is my mark. I created it when I was a child living on the Isle of Uisgebeatha. At that time I didn’t know who my parents were. Are we somehow related?” Trak speculates.
“My great ancestor was Septan’s brother and the first king of Ardonbrae. The descendants of the two great founders of our kingdom have intermarried many times. I am your cousin many times over. By rights, I should be king. A few generations back, my ancestor was murdered and the crown stolen from my family. I have devoted my life to restoring my family to the throne. I have never forgotten our destiny. But now I have failed. I am ashamed to face my ancestors.”
Trak sees Lizardthroat in a new light. The commander actually believes he is fighting for a just cause. “It isn’t over yet, Lord Lizardthroat.” Trak replies.


Chapter 47

Our strength is much diminished, but such as it is, we will add to yours.
Queen Fae of Eastland

Bretwalda

Lord Ran and Queen Fae narrowly escaped when Tironock crumbled King Red’s fortress on top of them. They were entering the tunnel in the wine cellar with their surviving soldiers when the keep collapsed. Terrin led them through the tunnels to Dragonton. They arrived to find a goblin warship moored in the harbor. Trak and his mother, Queen Meriem, were seated in the hall of the castle when Ran and Fae entered.
***
“I have come to invite you to the Isle of Uisgebeatha,” Trak greets the arriving refugees. King Lorring of the Goblin Realm has chosen the isle as the location for the final battle.”
“We have fought the demon and mortally wounded him twice. He simply regenerates himself. He can’t be killed. To go to the island is to die,” proclaims Lord Ran.
“To stay here is to die,” counters Trak. “On the island we stand united. We win or lose together.”
Lord Ran looks at Queen Fae and sees in her face the desire to fight to the end. “Our strength is much diminished, but such as it is, we will add to yours,” she declares.
Trak explains,” My ship is ready to sail. It will take Queen Meriem and her children to Uisgebeatha. Those too injured to walk may sail with her. The rest of us march in the morning for the Isle. We will stop in Westover and persuade you father, Baron Teiber, to join us.”
Lord Ran retires to his broch and packs for his journey. He pulls his box of gold coins from its hiding place, his share of the earnings. He laughs at his own folly for having worked so arduously to amass a fortune that now seems so worthless. He selects a dozen bright coins Trak had minted and leaves the rest. He straps on his finest sword, a Dragon Fire Trak made especially for him. He is ready to leave, not just Bretwalda, but the world, as he knows it.
When they arrive in Westhaven, it is too late to aid the baron. The castle where Lord Ran grew up lies in ruins. The baron and the castle’s occupants have been buried under the black slate that was once a proud fortress. The harbor is in flames and the city deserted. Ran encounters one of the baron’s soldiers who describes what happened. “I was asleep in a tavern when the alarm bell sounded the call to assemble. I grabbed my sword and headed for the castle. When I got close to the castle gate, I saw a fire-breathing giant grasping the east tower. The castle shook and within moments crumbled. I don’t believe anyone escaped. When I looked back at the city, a thousand albino goblins were swarming through the streets. They brought two giant trolls that lumbered through the city, smashing rooftops with their cudgels. Those still standing, ran for the countryside. I stayed hidden until you arrived.”
Lord Ran is stunned. The dazed expression on his face slowly turns to one of rage. “I’ll kill that false god before I die!” he vows.
The procession that follows Trak and Terrin through the coastal tunnel is a motley mix. Wraiths fleeing Tironock join Terrin’s soldiers and the forces of Bretwalda and Eastland. Some of the wraiths are the same ones that tunneled into King Red’s fortress and fled when Tironock arrived. They meet goblins fleeing the east side of the mainland. Trak learns Myrel and Krage passed through a day before. The wraiths travel as far as the new hive where Terrin is reunited with his father. Ghad, Lord Ran, Queen Fae and their men follow Trak to the surface.
Trak escorts Lord Ran and Queen Fae to the castle and presents them to Duke Amin who is actually pleased to see his old enemy. His castle is already overcrowded with the King Lorring and Queen Meriem and their children. The duke offers Queen Fae and Lord Ran the use of the broch. With the death of Baron Teiber, Lord Ran is now Regent of Bretwalda. Trak is anxious to get to Myrel’s hut and be reunited with her. He enters the tiny space to find, Krage, Alrik and Hogarth already moved in. Trak gives Myrel a brotherly embrace.
“You might as well kiss her,” Hogarth declares. “Your secret is out.”
Myrel blushes. “When my condition started to show, I couldn’t keep our secret any longer,” she offers in explanation. When Trak notices the change in her contour, he, too, looks embarrassed.
“Since when?” he asks.
“It must have been soon after we bonded,” Myrel replies.
Trak and Myrel spend the next day building a second hut. With Baelock’s assistance, the task goes quickly. Myrel asks Trak if he has found a way to defeat Tironock. 
“I have a plan, but I have no idea if it will work.” The following day Trak asks Wreen Wormclaw, the duke’s metal smith, if he might borrow his forge. 
Wreen is now old. He can no longer perform arduous work, but he remembers Trak and even speaks fondly of the night he tried to prevent him from becoming a master smith. “I still laugh at how you bested me with your story of the greatness of quicksilver. How was I to know that I was engaged in a game of wits with a sorcerer?” Wreen enjoyed his years of service as the duke’s metal smith. He had long ago forgotten his feud with Baelock.
***
Having secured access to a forge, Trak seeks out Lord Ran and asks, “I need a small amount of gold. Can you lend me a few coins?” Ran offers him twelve gold coins; Trak takes five. Gold is the most malleable of metals. Ran watches as Trak uses Wreen’s anvil and hammer to pound the coins into five thin sheets of gold. The sorcerer fires Wreen’s forge and heats a three-pound ingot of steel until it glows a bright red. He shapes the steel into a long, flat bar and wraps it in a sheet of gold foil. He folds the steel bar, trapping the gold inside. Trak repeats the process many times until dozens of thin sheets of gold are fused between layers of steel. He shapes the ingot into a long sword he sharpens and polishes. 
Ran observes, “You have created a Dragon Fire interlaced with gold.”
“With this weapon I hope to defeat Tironock. It has the sharpness to penetrate Tironock’s scales and the conductivity to transmit all the power I can generate.” Trak imagines, the gold Dragon Fire is the equal of the legendary sword Ethor used to slay his dragon.
In the days it takes Trak to fashion his weapon, the island grows crowded with refugees. Men from Bretwalda and Eastland set up a camp next to surface goblins coming from the mainland. Subterranean wraiths crowd into the hive under the channel. Duke Amin complains, “How can I possibly feed so many? In a week we will all be starving.”
“Not so,” says Meg. “We may have to eat roots and fish from the sea, but we can survive until winter if we must.”
“And what then?” Farg asks. No one offers an answer.
King Lorring proceeds with Lizardthroat’s trial. It lasts only one day. Hogarth is the chief witness against the accused commander. He identifies by name several members of the Secret Police who attacked the King. He relates how he kept a close watch on the assassins as they entered the Great Hall and positioned themselves near the king. Hogarth testifies that he saw Lord Lizardthroat raise his hand to signal the start of the attack. Lizardthroat is summoned to defend himself. He refuses to answer questions and never denies the accusation. In the end, Duke Amin, who serves as the judge, orders Lord Lizardthroat’s execution by stoning. The execution is to take place at sunrise.
***
Trak and Myrel walk slowly across the island’s heather covered slopes. The wind blows as always, but it is a warm fall evening, an evening for lovers. Trak tries to savor the moment. He will not say it to Myrel, but he thinks this is likely their last walk together.
Myrel talks excitedly about the child they are expecting. She presents the names she is considering.
Trak laughs when she suggests naming a boy ‘Trak.’ “Trak is no real name,” he says.
Eventually, he turns the conversation. She half looks at him and asks, “How soon will you leave?”
“In the morning,” he replies. “Ghad is ready to play his part. I’m taking Alrik and Lizardthroat with me. I am not certain I will return.” In fact, he considers it unlikely.
“Let me come with you,” she pleads.
“No, Lizardthroat is all the help I will need. If I fail, you must carry on. When Krage dies, you will be Thaumaturgist until our son comes of age.”
“Why are you so sure it will be a boy?” she asks.
“I’m not. A daughter would be nice too,” Trak replies. They walk in silence, relishing what is likely their last moments together. Perhaps more needs to be said, but words fail in importance.
***
That night, when the castle is quiet, Trak visits the cell that holds Lord Lizardthroat. Melkerei is chained to the wall. There is no need for a guard or a locked door. Trak squats on the floor and lays the lamp he carries between them. “How are you fairing, Lord Lizardthroat?” Trak asks.
The commander looks defeated. “I feel as though time is racing. I can’t slow it down or even relax enough to savor my last hours,” Melkerei answers.
“You once told me that you have the blood of Septan’s house in your veins. Are you familiar with the power that is given to many of Septan’s descendants?” Trak asks.
Lizardthroat grows quiet. In a few moments a blue glow appears at his fingertips. He laughs. “I once was certain I would use this magic to slay Tironock.”
“Do you know any other use for blue magic?” Trak asks.
“No. I only know that when I hold my sword, the one you made, I can send the glow into the blade and cause the sword to burst into a blue flame of great beauty. I believe it has the power to slay Tironock.”
“Let me teach you something,” Trak replies. He rests a rock on Lizardthroat’s glowing palm. “Concentrate. Will the rock to fly across the room.”
Lizardthroat is stunned when he accomplishes the feat without difficulty. “Now place your palm on your chain and shatter it.” Again, he succeeds.
“I could have left this cell at anytime had I known I possess such power,” Melkerei exclaims.
“Are you ready to leave?” Trak asks the condemned commander. Trak and Lizardthroat depart the castle and meet Alrik Redeyes at the dock where they take a small boat to Halban by the Sea. A sleepy guard watches them sail away from the island. He recognizes Trak but not Lizardthroat.
In the morning when Melkerei’s escape is discovered, the guard recalls what he saw. The duke searches for Trak and Alrik. They are not on the island. Duke Amin and King Lorring can’t understand why Trak has betrayed his friends and their cause, but the evidence is clear. He has freed a condemned assassin and fled the island. Farg and Krage know something of Trak’s scheme but remain silent.
The day after Trak disappears from the isle; its occupants shake off their disappointment at Trak’s apparent desertion and return to their preparations. Myrel and Meg take an inventory of their supplies of medicinal plants and set about gathering fresh herbs. Hogarth constructs a hut for his own use. Krage seeks out Queen Meriem. The two have not reunited as a couple, but they are on friendly terms and want to enjoy what time they have left. He watches her twins at play. They reminded him of his own twins whose childhoods he was not able to enjoy.
Farg, Lord Ran and Queen Fae walk the perimeter of the castle, analyzing the stronghold’s weaknesses. Queen Fae comments, “Farg, your fortress can hold off a thousand wraiths, but if Big Red shows up, it will be a pile of dust in minutes. The demon’s weakness is water. We must find a way to bathe him in water when he appears.”
Lord Ran remembers the day a dozen years ago when Farg recaptured the castle using a subterranean passage and asks, “Are the castle’s secret entrances secure? The wraiths are very good at attacking from below.”
The duke grimaces as his stronghold’s many weaknesses are pointed out. “We clearly have a lot of work to do,” he replies.
On the Isle of Uisgebeatha, the flow of arriving refugees dwindles to a trickle. They bring word that thousands of white wraiths are sweeping across the mainland, killing all in their path. They burn everything they can’t eat. A mother and her five goblets arrive in a makeshift boat. She reports seeing trolls. Tironock’s hordes move with purpose. They are headed to the coast and converging on Halban by the Sea.
“They will find boats and attempt to sail to the island,” Farg speculates. “At least they will not find anything large enough to carry a troll.” Farg orders the island’s only dock destroyed.
Farg and Lord Ran distribute their soldiers around the island’s perimeter. They hope to destroy the white wraiths as they attempt to come ashore. When the enemy begins arriving, the defenders beat back the first wave. The subterraneans lack sailing skills. They crash a few small fishing boats onto the rocky coast, dumping the white wraiths into the churning seas. The waiting defenders kill those who manage to reach shore. Ghad’s army stands ready to block any attempt to reach the island through the undersea tunnel. As a last resort he is prepared to cut through a retaining wall and flood the tunnel with seawater, drowning the attackers. For several days the sentries posted along the rocky coast report no attempts by the wraiths to come ashore, and the men and goblins on the island begin to believe that they are safe from a mainland invasion.
As the refugees relax, they turn their attention to procuring the food needed to feed the island’s swollen population. Baelock builds a new iron smelter and begins manufacturing iron weapons. The castle is overcrowded. King Lorring, recognizing the problem, voluntarily moves Dorla and his parents, the former king and queen, into a small suite to make room for other nobles and their families who arrived before the subterraneans shut off communication with the mainland.
Queen Fae is inspecting the island’s perimeter defenses, when one of her guards shouts, “On the horizon! Three ships! The Queen recognizes the vessels as belonging to her southern neighbor, King Fangdor. Queen Fae’s heart lightens. An unexpected ally is coming to their defense. Lord Ran and Duke Farg join her in the harbor as the lead ship anchors in the bay and its occupants approach the shore in small boats. Queen Fae recognizes King Fangdor in the lead boat. She hails him and raises her hand to salute. That is when Fae realizes that something is not right. King Fangdor’s armor is blood stained.
The king stumbles onto the shore. “We seek refuge,” declares the king. Two weeks ago white goblins and trolls attacked my capital. I kept them at bay for four days before the trolls smashed through my front gate and the battle was lost. These three ships carry all that is left of my army.”
Duke Amin replies to the king from the south, “You are welcome on my island. You should be safe here. The sea protects us.”
“Thank you,” said King Fangdor, “but I fear that your island is not as safe as you think. The enemy has captured many of my sailing ships and taken their crews captive. As we fled my capital we saw ships from other lands arriving in our port. I fear the Underworld demons have overrun the continent and gathered an armada. I can only guess they are preparing to attack your island. When your island falls, the demons will have defeated our world.”
Duke Amin doesn’t have to wait long for the forewarned attack. Two days after the arrival of King Fangdor, an armada appears on the horizon. “In the duke’s banquet hall and in the presence of the leaders of the various groups of refugees, a scout reports sighting over a hundred vessels in the channel. “Some of the vessels carry only a single combatant—a huge troll that sits in the middle of the deck while captives man the galleys.
“There are so few of us to stand against the enemy,” King Fangdor laments. Turning toward King Lorring, he asks, “Where are the goblin armies of the north? I heard you command thousands.”
“The few hundred on the island are all that is left,” replies the king. “The rest have been killed or scattered.”
“Ghad adds, “I have three thousand white goblins hidden beneath the island. They will join the fight when the time comes.”
“Well,” declares Lord Ran. “The time has come. The enemy will not sit in the harbor for long. I expect the attack will come this night.”
The leaders of the surface kingdoms muster their forces in front of Duke Amin’s castle. In addition to Ghad’s three thousand wraiths, Duke Amin and King Lorring contributed eight hundred goblins. The combined force of Queen Fae, Lord Ran and King Fangdor contribute seven hundred seasoned fighters. Another three thousand refugees are fit to fight. Unfortunately, they are armed only with the old bronze weapons or simply clubs and pitchforks.
The invaders are formidable, but they have no easy way to offload their warriors. There is no beach suitable for landing large boats. The dock has been destroyed and the harbor is already clogged with the ships of refugees. The defenders’ best chance is to stop the enemy as they tried to come ashore.
As the invading armada draws near, Lord Ran realizes the trolls are tied to decks with ropes, perhaps to keep them from moving about and upsetting the balance. When the ships come into range, he orders his archers to fire at the trolls. Arrows hail down and inflict painful stings to the tough hides of the restrained trolls. They begin struggling to free themselves from their bonds. One troll flips his boat in his struggle. He lands face down in the water, the boat still tied to his back. The defenders watch the boat shake in the water until the troll at last drowns.
“They will look for a shallow spot and attempt to release the trolls directly into the water,” speculates Lord Ran.
“The best place to wade ashore will be on the forest side of the island at low tide,” predicts Duke Amin.
Ghad Samraet sends his son Terrin and a thousand white goblins to the forest to wait in ambush. King Fangdor and his remaining men join the goblins. The king explains, “You will need my help. My men have heavy iron spears and the arm strength to penetrate troll flesh.
Duke Amin has guessed correctly. At low tide six ships carrying restrained trolls maneuver to within two hundred feet of the shore. They position the ships over a rocky spit extending out into the channel. The channel beneath is ten to twenty arm lengths deep. On the lead ship, subterraneans force the captive sailors to untie a troll. The troll tries to climb over the ship’s side. The ship capsizes, flinging its crew and captives into the sea. Duke Amin allows the captives to come ashore, while the wraiths are slain by Terrin’s goblins as they crawl out of the water. Fangdor and his men concentrate on the troll. Before it can pull itself out of the water, it already has a half dozen iron spears sticking out of its hide. The troll bellows and swings his cudgel violently but with little effect. It cannot maneuver among the boulders that cover the coast. Fangdor’s men kept thrusting until the beast succumbs.
The ships off shore watch the chaos and adapt. The trolls are guided to the sterns where they climb into the water without overturning the boats. The trolls hold to the sterns while the captive crews row the boats closer to shore. Terrin’s bolters rake the ships with arrows, killing many of the rowers, but the trolls, hidden behind the sterns, are unreachable. Fifty feet from the shore the boats release their trolls.
Five trolls reach the island simultaneously. All five are badly bloodied before they climb out of the water and stand back to back in a circle to prevent the defenders from striking at them from behind. They keep the defenders at bay for thirty minutes. Terrin and Fangdor continue to harass the trolls with spear thrusts until one troll after the other begins to fall, more from blood loss than a single fatal wound.
The momentary elation of the defenders ends when a messenger brings word that more trolls are coming ashore on the other side of the island. The defenders race to where they are needed, but they are too late. They find six trolls defending a beachhead on the rocky shore below the castle. Wraiths and supplies are being ferried to the shore in small craft. Already scores of subterraneans have landed and joined the trolls in defending the beachhead.
Terrin notifies Duke Amin of the situation. Even with a thousand warriors, Terrin cannot overwhelm the invaders. Each assault wave is beaten back by the cudgel-wielding trolls. Terrin decides to give up the beach and fight the invaders as they attempt to ascend the cliff. He orders his goblins to the top of the cliff overlooking the beachhead.
Lord Ran and Duke Amin arrive to appraise the situation. They look down on thousands of subterraneans swarming like ants on the rocky shore below. Lord Ran observes, “They appear to be assembling their entire force before attempting to scale the cliff. They don’t seem to realize that within a few hours the tide will turn and their beachhead will be under water. They should attack now, but they appear unaware of their predicament. They are creatures of the Underworld and appear to know nothing of tides. Let us hope the sailors they hold captive don’t inform them of their peril. We must hold the top of the cliff until the tide comes to our aid.”
The wraiths continue bringing their forces onto the rocky beach beneath the castle without making any attempt to scale the cliff. Queen Fae wants to let her archers disrupt the landing by showering the shore with an occasional volley, but Lord Ran convinces her to wait. “Let them come ashore. When they realize they have walked into a trap of their own making, you can unleash your archers.”
When a force of several thousand is gathered on the shore, the military commanders begin to form their squads and position them for the assault on the cliff. “At least the trolls will not be much of a factor,” predicts Queen Fae. “I doubt they have the nimbleness needed to scale the cliffs.” Lord Ran expects the subterraneans to ascend at the points where time-worn trails have been established. He is wrong. The lead squads of white wraiths spread out and ascend simultaneously along the entire cliff face. Their climbing ability is phenomenal.
The men above are forced to shift into a thin line to protect the entire edge of the cliff. The wind is ferocious and threatens to sweep defenders from the edge when they approach to glimpse the goblins ascending from below. They lob rocks from the cliff, which mostly bounce harmlessly off the rock and never threaten the goblins who plaster themselves tightly to the cliff’s face. The attackers get to within twenty strides of the top before the defenders peering over the windy ledge catch sight of them. The wraiths hold their positions.
“They are waiting for dark,” shouts Lord Ran over the howling wind. “In the dark they will be hard to see. Our archers will have to shoot blindly.” Lord Ran glances at the shore. The tide is coming in fast. Already, half of the rocks are under water. He can see the commanders below have at last discovered their predicament. The squads of wraiths standing on the shore move quickly to scale the cliffs. Soon the beach is gone and the invading army is left clinging to the face of the cliff waiting for darkness to fall. Even the trolls have climbed high enough to escape the surf that pounds the rocks below them.
Duke Amin orders fires lit along the top of the cliff and cauldrons of oil heated. The fires would provide some light for the archers. In the strong wind, the fires burn quickly. A large portion of the fighting force is relegated to fetching wood. The attackers are content to cling to the cliff face while the defenders tire themselves feeding their fires. As dawn approaches, Lord Ran guesses the attackers could maintain their position indefinitely if they chose. He realizes that he made a major blunder in letting the goblins onto the island unchallenged.
Queen Fae appears at dawn with news that during the night a large group of wraiths came ashore on the forest side of the island and are hiding in the woods. Duke Amin sees the danger immediately. “We must fall back to the castle,” he declares. “If we stay here the goblins in the woods will attack, and we will be caught between them and the goblins climbing the cliffs.
A few archers remain behind to keep the subterraneans on the cliff face pinned down as long as possible while the rest follow the duke and back to the castle. The goblins loyal to Ghad slip into their tunnel leading to their hive beneath the channel.
Lord Ran apologizes to Queen Fae for overruling her suggestion to more forcibly harry the subterraneans on the beach. He blames himself for the ease with which the enemy has seized control of the island. In twenty-four hours the enemy has landed several thousand goblins and two-dozen trolls, forcing the allies and several thousand civilians into the castle. The castle is strong, but food is scarce. In a few days they would be starving. Queen Fae observes, “It ain’t over yet. I still have a lot of killing to do before I’m through.”
“I fear,” says Krage to Duke Amin who is standing on top of the broch observing the subterraneans preparing to siege the fortress, “Our hope now lies with Trak.” Krage’s thoughts are on Myrel and Meg who are still in the forest which is now crawling with subterraneans and trolls.
Duke Amin imagines Trak and Lord Lizardthroat somewhere on the mainland, what can they possibly do that would help us?


Chapter 48

You Stand Before God
Inscription on the door to the Earth Spirit’s abode

City of Neu Ardonbrae

Trak and his fellow conspirators follow the deserted back roads to Neu Ardonbrae. Those who haven’t fled to the Isle of Uisgebeatha are hiding in the mountains. Lizardthroat guides Trak and Alrik to the home of his son. When Humock Gutcutter opens the door, Trak recognizes the Captain of the City Police. “Father,” Humock exclaims. “It is good to see you escaped the gallows. You keep strange company, a wraith priest and a humble metal smith.” He relishes the surprised look on Trak’s face. Trak remembers how Myrel and Krage trusted Humock so completely. “What brings you to our fair city?” Humock asks.
“Fair city,” Trak repeats to himself. There is hardly a building left standing.
“We have come to kill Tironock,” Lizardthroat declares. “The moment our family has waited millennia for has arrived at last. Are any of my police left in the city?”
“I can scrounge up two dozen. They will not be happy to join you on a suicide mission.”
“They need only escort us as far as Holy Mountain,” Lizardthroat replies.
Humock queries, “Will I be coming with you, Father?”
“No. From this moment forward, you will assume your real name, Humock Lizardthroat, and wear the Blue Dagger proudly. If I don’t return, lead the family well.”
Humock reflects, “I have wondered if this day would ever come. I have lived as Gutcutter for so long, I thought the name would adorn my sarcophagus. Tell me, Master Smith, what is your plan to defeat Tironock?”
All that Trak will say is, “First, we must find Shenal Ken. She must be somewhere beneath Holy Mountain.”
***
It has been three weeks since Trak left the island. In the hive beneath the channel, Ghad is ready to initiate Trak’s scheme. He hopes that Trak is in place. Ghad and a thousand warriors leave the hive and head via the passages for the main hive beneath Ardonbrae. Their objective is to arouse the hive, not to battle the subterraneans controlled by Tironock, but to draw them out. As his force moves north, he leaves soldiers along the way. Their task is to prepare obstacles in the tunnel that will hinder pursuers and protect their retreat.
Ghad and a hundred of his soldiers complete the journey all the way to the main hive beneath Holy Mountain. The force enters the hive undetected and sets fire to the storage areas. Within minutes of their arrival, they are racing south with a thousand of Tironock’s wraiths in pursuit. The commotion is intended to attract Tironock’s attention; Ghad is counting on it. As Ghad’s fleeing soldiers pass through one of the small laybys built along the way, prepositioned soldiers pull down a wall of rock and block the way. It will take an hour for the wraith pursuers to clear the passage. The attackers are assured of a good head start.
***
Alrik leads Trak and Melkerei to the same fissure where he, Myrel and Meg, had hidden during their rescue of Krage nearly a decade before. The conspirators are hiding in the fissure when Ghad and his soldiers set fire to the hive’s storerooms. The attack wakes the hive. Wraiths swarm through its tunnels like insects protecting their nest. More importantly, the commotion rouses Tironock Kan. Tironock’s presence is felt in the cavern soon after Ghad’s forces attack. He enters the minds of his wraiths, commanding his slaves to pursue the rebels and kill them. When Ghad and his soldiers flee, Trak feels Tironock join the pursuit.
Alrik knows as much about the hive as any goblin alive. He was born in its tunnels. As a member of the ruling class, he was encouraged to explore its hidden corners. There was only one tunnel that Alrik was forbidden to enter, on penalty of death. The Queen Mothers taught this was the tunnel that led to the abode of the Earth Spirit. Alrik is reluctant to disobey the queens. Trak reassures Alrik he needn’t. Trak only asks the priest to guide him and Melkerei to the entrance. The route is complicated, but Alrik expertly negotiates the maze and circumvents areas where wraiths are likely to gather. He delivers Trak and Melkerei to a stone archway that forms the tunnel’s entrance. “I will wait for you and guide you out of the hive when your task is done.”
“Wait no more than a few days. If we don’t return, abandon us,” Trak directs his guide.
Trak reads the runes engraved in the archway above the entrance. “You stand before God.” Behind the archway a stairway descends. Its steps are worn, although no one had trod them in millennia. For hours, Melkerei and Trak descend the twisting staircase into the earth. Trak lights the way with his blue glow, but it is Melkerei who sets the pace. He does not stop to rest. He has waited all his life to kill Tironock. Soon, he thinks, he will fulfill his destiny. His hand clutches his precious Dragon Fire sword that Trak has returned to him.
Trak doubts that Melkerei or anyone else can kill Tironock. He is looking for Shenal Ken, the female half of the Earth Spirit. The temperature rises as they descend deep into the earth’s mantle. The air is motionless and stale.
At last, they come to a chamber carved in the rock. It is a miniature version of the temple’s Great Hall. The only light in the hall comes from a figure at the end of the chamber. Trak has found what he is looking for. Chained to the wall of the cavern is a tall, beautiful female, neither goblin nor human. Her features are mixed, like a cross-breed’s. Trak approaches the figure. Melkerei trails behind with his sword ready. The chained figure follows Trak and Melkerei with her eyes. When Trak falls to his knees, Melkerei follows his example. Is this really a god? Melkerei wonders.
The female speaks softly in the voice that Trak and Melkerei recognize, “For three thousand years I have been chained to this wall waiting for your arrival. My chains are made of black obsidian; the earth’s magma in solid form. I cannot break them; they drain me. It takes all my strength just to speak through the mouth of the Thaumaturgist.”
“Let me try,” Trak replies. He lays his hand on the black transparent glass chain and summons his power, which has grown strong deep in the earth. He wills the chain to shatter. Nothing happens.
“Your power comes from the flowing magma. It cannot be used to destroy a thing that is born of itself,” Shenal Ken explains.
Trak is disheartened, but Lizardthroat steps forward. “It is but glass,” he scoffs. With the hilt of his Dragon Fire sword he strikes the obsidian, shattering the links of the chain. Glass shards scatter across the rock floor.
Shenal Ken speaks softly, “It seems that even gods are shackled as much by their preconceptions as by chains. Thank you, King Lizardthroat.” Lizardthroat weeps to hear a god address him as king. He is vindicated. Shenal points to the corner of the cavern. There on the ground lies a crumpled figure. “It is the body of Septan. He lies where he fell three thousand years ago when he tore Tironock from me and I became a thing without a shadow. Trak recognizes red fragments of a Thaumaturgist’s robe covering the wrinkled mummy. The mummy is so decayed that Trak can’t tell if Septan had been a man or a goblin.
“Tironock and I must be reunited if we are to be made whole again,” Shenal declares. “You must rejoin my shadow with my spirit if the damage done by your ancestor is to be mended.”
“How?” Trak asks 
“I don’t know. A Thaumaturgist ripped me apart, and a Thaumaturgist must bind me together again.
Melkerei and Shenal look expectantly at Trak. “By the Stones, I am prepared to die trying,” Trak replies.


Chapter 49 

Remember, your ancestors will guide ye
Meg (Debrah Megai)

Isle of Uisgebeatha

For two days Ghad’s soldiers run. For two days, Tironock drives the pursuing wraiths. Ghad and his soldiers feel the will of Tironock surging in their minds. Ghad is relieved. It means Tironock is near. The demigod has left the main hive. Trak’s plan has a chance.
As Ghad and his goblins run, the soldiers positioned along the way spring their traps to impede the pursuers. The final obstacle is a disk carved from the tunnel’s wall. Twenty soldiers roll the disk across the tunnel, wedging it with boulders so the disc couldn’t be rolled back. The pursuing subterraneans encounter a stone slab, three feet thick. They will need tools to dig through the rock slab and create a new passage.
For two days, Tironock is drawn away from the hive beneath Neu Ardonbrae, enough time, Ghad hopes, for Trak to locate Shenal Ken. The coastal tunnel is too narrow to accommodate Tironock’s massive body. He can only pursue in his ethereal form. Ghad is keenly aware that when the demigod arrives at the spacious chambers of the undersea hive he will materialize and hell will be unloosed.
***
Lord Farg refuses to be idle. Finding himself surrounded by thousands of subterraneans and a dozen trolls, he detests hiding in the castle watching the remnants of the surface armies starve to death. He knocks a hole in the wainscot of the banquet hall and leads a large raiding party into the passage beneath the castle. He emerges in the sea cave overlooking the rocky shore. “So this is how you entered the castle and defeated my father,” Lord Ran observes as they move through the musty passage.
The shore is deserted. Farg stealthily leads the raiding party up the cliff face and into the forest. He hides his soldiers while he and Lord Ran scout the enemy who is busy constructing siege towers. ‘Tonight we will destroy their handiwork,” Farg promises 
“Yes, but we must do something about the trolls. They are a greater threat than the siege engines,” replies Lord Ran.
They head for Meg’s cave to see how she and Myrel are fairing. Myrel hears them coming and thinks they are the enemy. She almost clubs Farg as he enters the cave. They find Meg filling two large jars with a foul smelling black liquid. “It is a mixture of Agua Tofani and foxglove,” declares Meg. “It will stop a troll. Myrel thinks she can sneak it into the ale the trolls drink.”
“The trolls are camped down by the cliffs near the dock,” Myrel explains. “We must hurry. The subterraneans have given the trolls captives to eat. The sight is so disgusting that the subterraneans don’t go near the place. Lord Ran knows the spot. It is where he was held prisoner after being captured by the goblins a decade before. He reflects on how much the world has changed since then.
Farg asks Meg if she wants to take refuge in the castle. “No, it is a death trap. I will stay here and take my chances.” Farg and Ran each heft a heavy jar of poison and head back to where the raiding party is hidden.
Farg gives instructions, and then he, Myrel and Lord Ran head for the spot where the trolls are camped. As it grows dark, Farg and Ran leave Myrel to watch the road and infiltrate the troll camp. It is even worse than they imagined. The trolls are gathered together around a huge fire chewing the meat off human and goblin bones. Bones covered with uncooked flesh and piles of troll dung are scattered on the ground. Farg watches a troll dip a human skull into a large vat and fill it with ale. “There is our target,” Farg whispers to Lord Ran.
The problem is how to cross the open space between the vat and where they are concealed in a pile of kindling. They wait for the raiding party to attack the enemy camp. They are betting the commotion will draw the trolls’ attention. But when the attack comes, only two of the trolls go to investigate the commotion. The remainder continue to dismember screaming captives and shove flesh in their maws.
“How are we going to do to draw the trolls out of camp?” questions Farg.
They have stayed hidden in the kindling too long. A large troll with blood on its hands and face comes to gather wood to replenish the fire. Ran and Farg prepare themselves to race for the forest the moment the troll spots them.
But then a troll begins to shout and points to the cliff above them. On the same cliff where Farg threw pyrotechnics at Lord Ran a decade before Myrel stands. She is perfectly still, her gown rippling in the wind. She emits a blue glow that catches the attention of the trolls. The trolls have their backs to the vat.
Farg sees his chance. He and Ran crawl toward the vat and empty the contents of their jars. An eternity passes as they waited for the last drop of liquid to pour from the narrow-necked containers. They return to the forest to wait for Myrel. She never arrives.
***
A squad of patrolling wraiths spots Myrel standing on the cliff. They don’t know what to make of the blue glow, so they approach cautiously. Myrel sees the goblins as they closed on her. Her escape route back to the forest is blocked. She runs in the only direction open to her and throws herself from the cliff into the sea far below.
The trolls return to their feast. A few captives survive to tell the tale of trolls’ last hours. After Farg and Ran depart, the trolls begin to sweat. They never connect their sickness with what they are drinking. They continue drinking the poisoned ale, even as their throats burn with thirst. By morning the troll camp is littered with troll carcasses. When their bodies are discovered the next day they have already begun to bloat and rot in the hot sun. In a few weeks nothing is left but bleached skeletons.
***
The raid on the subterranean camp went well enough. King Fangdor led the raiders into the sleeping camp and killed or set afire everything in their path. The raiders lacked the numbers needed to stand and fight. They made one pass through the enemy camp and retreated back into the forest. Fangdor was back in the castle when at dawn the subterraneans entered the forest to search for the attackers. The search parties found only an old, witless goblin living in a cave. They left the creature mumbling to herself as they continued searching for the attackers.
***
Ghad and his soldiers enter their hive beneath the channel; they find everything in chaos. Terrin informs his father, “When we felt Tironock’s presence, most of the hive panicked and fled up the tunnel. They would rather face our enemies on the surface than be caught in the hive when Tironock materializes.”
“It is just as well,” replies Ghad. “I have decided to sacrifice the hive to stop Tironock.”
Ghad built the hive under the channel knowing that Tironock feared water. It neutralized his power. He hoped that the demigod’s fear of water would keep him at bay. Ghad was wrong. The last of the hive’s inhabitants were exiting the tunnel to the surface when Tironock materialized in the largest chamber. It was at the deepest level and served as the compost plantation. A squad of Ghad’s white wraiths attacked the demon as he took corporeal form. Tironock roared as soldiers thrust their swords between the red and black scales covering his legs. The injuries enraged the monster, but couldn’t kill him. He had the power to regenerate himself and heal his afflictions.
Tironock seized a column, supporting the roof of the chamber. It exploded in a shower of flying shards. If another column went, the chamber would collapse. Ghad ordered his soldiers out of the chamber. As Ghad ran up the tunnel leading to the surface, he signaled for the chamber to be flooded. Wraiths stationed above the chamber opened a floodgate and seawater from above rushed in. The water inundated the chamber floor and rose quickly. Tironock screamed as the water washed over his feet. He began to dematerialize. Ghad hoped the water would completely sap the demigod’s strength and imprison him in the chamber beneath the sea. The chamber and the tunnel leading back to the mainland would fill within minutes. Ghad looked back as he left the chamber. There was no sign of Tironock. Ghad could only hope that the demon was sealed in a watery prison.
Ghad scrambled through the tunnel ahead of the rising water. He emerged to find the inhabitants of the hive crowding the rocky shore. They were afraid to ascend the cliff and face the subterranean goblins above, but now their courage was returning. They could no longer feel Tironock’s presence fighting to control them.
Ghad spoke softly to the goblins who for his entire life he had struggled to free from Tironock. “The lower chamber of the hive is flooded. It is likely that Tironock is imprisoned forever. We need only defeat the subterraneans on the cliff above and we can live our lives without fear. They are many and we are few, but we have iron swords and a will to fight. Without Tironock to drive them, the enemy will lose its taste for battle. All those who want to fight, follow me!”
Ghad climbed the cliff and led his three thousand warriors and their families against ten thousand subterraneans. Farg was on the castle’s battlements when Ghad attacked. “Their attack is suicidal,” he said to Lord Ran. As he watched Ghad’s white wraiths fight with great determination, he changed his thinking. The enemy seemed in disarray. Their trolls were gone, and Tironock no longer drove them to kill. Farg turned to Lord Ran and said, “We join the fight!” As he raced down the stairs to the courtyard below, he ordered the gates opened. He bolted through the gates followed by not only the remnants of the surface armies but also several thousand refugees armed only with farming tools. The numbers of the opposing forces were now about equal. The subterraneans had no will to fight. Caught between Ghad and Farg, they laid down their arms in surrender. It was Farg’s greatest moment. He carried the memory of the cheering people in his heart for the rest of his life.
Farg returned to his castle and left Ghad to corral all the subterraneans that surrendered when the impossible happened. A swirling cloud of dust appeared in the village below the castle. Ghad’s people and their subterranean prisoners saw the cloud forming and in mass bolted for the cover of the forest. Ghad and a hundred of his soldiers remained to watch Tironock materialize. Ghad’s hopes shattered like ice falling on stone. He had failed to kill Tironock. He had failed his people. His despair led to rage. He could not kill the monster, but he could make it feel pain.
***
Miraculously, Myrel is not seriously injured by her leap into the sea. She is a poor swimmer and almost drowns before she can reach a point on the coast where she climbs out of the water. Myrel is resting in Meg’s cave when she feels Tironock enter her consciousness. She looks at Meg who also feels the evil approach. “He be here,” Meg says. No one knows how Tironock escaped his watery prison, but he is back to take his vengeance.
Meg says calmly. “My time has come, Granddaughter. From this moment until your death, ye be the guardian of Septan’s lineage. Remember, your ancestors will guide ye. May your shadow long follow ye.” She embraces Myrel and reluctantly releases her. Meg walks to her shelf, picks up the large obsidian blade she calls Dragon Killer, and shuffles out of the cave’s door. Myrel is speechless. She wonders what Meg intends.
Myrel trails behind her grandmother as she trudges deliberately through the forest. The ancient goblin’s steps are slow but determined, like a clock marking the passage of time. When she comes to the edge of the trees, Tironock has materializing in front of the castle. Flames shoot from the cyclonic cloud swirling about him. His red scales reflect sunlight like sherds of red glass and yellow smoke belches from his maw. Tironock lumbers toward the castle. His bulk shakes the earth. His laugh shatters the air. Meg aims her wasted body at the demigod and comes for him one heartbeat at a time.
Tironock reaches the main gate of the castle and places his paws on the outer gate tower. It crumbles in a moment. He steps over the rubble, and heads for the broch. Meg shuffles up the hill, barely able to lift her feet off the ground. Her gaze is fixed on the bellowing demon. She holds the black elf bolt tightly.
Tironock seizes the broch in his arms. At that moment, the duke’s soldiers standing on the broch’s battlements pour vats of water. They drench the demon and cause him to step back out of reach. He bellows and returns to the outer wall where he picks up large chunks of the fallen gate tower and flings them at the castle’s inner wall. Chunks of masonry shatter and sections of the wall crumble. Tironock’s tactic is inefficient, but slowly he forces the defenders on the battlements to abandon their positions. With every volley Tironock launches at the castle, Meg’s hunched figure comes three steps closer.
Inside the castle, Duke Amin guides King Lorring and Queen Meriem and their families into the tunnel that leads from the banquet hall to the sea cave below the castle. Krage carries Meriem’s twins as far as the banquet hall. He hands her the children and says for the first time in a decade, “I love you. Thank you for being the best part of my life.” Krage climbs the stairs leading to the battlements.
Queen Fae heads for the stables in the inner courtyard. There she meets Lord Ran. Together, the two warriors mount the only two warhorses on the island. They are each handed a heavy, iron-tipped spear. The gate cracks open for a moment, and the two gallop through, followed by fifty of their soldiers.
Queen Fae does not hesitate. She points her horse directly at the demigod as he stoops to pick up another chunk of the shattered gate tower. At full gallop, she thrusts her spear into the soft tissue behind the giant’s knee. She drives the point deep. Tironock wheels on his attacker and sends a block of masonry crashing into the head of the warhorse, knocking Queen Fae hard to the ground. She lies where she fell. Tironock lumbers toward the unconscious queen, intending to squash her beneath his feet. As he approaches her lifeless body, Ghad and twenty of his soldiers begin stabbing the cracks between the scales covering his legs. Lord Ran charges and thrust his spear through the demon’s scrotum and into his lower abdomen. Tironock tears the spear from his flesh and flings it at Ran, narrowly missing him. Tironock collapses to his knees and places both hands on the ground. The earth trembles. Many of the men and goblins who have followed Ran and Ghad into the courtyard lose their footing. Tironock rises and begins crushing them under his feet. Unnoticed, Meg picks herself off the ground and shuffles over what is left of the castle’s gate.
Tironock turns to face the inner gate. Goblin bolters fire from the towers. They aimed for his head, hoping with luck to hit an eye. They are not lucky. They throw water from the towers, but the inner gate is too far away and none of it reaches Tironock. Tironock grasps the wall supporting the gate in both hands. It crumbles into dust. Men and goblins led by Lord Ran and Ghad continue to drive the tips of Trak’s iron swords under the scales of his legs. Into this chaos of blood and screams, Meg shuffles, tightly gripping her obsidian blade.
Krage, watching from the battlements, recognizes his mother at the same moment Tironock sees her approaching. The demon utters a contemptuous roar. He senses at once she is of the Thaumaturgist’s lineage. He would finish her before she could try anything. Krage realizes he can’t reach his mother in time. He summons the Earth’s power and directs a flash of blue light at Tironock’s face. The explosion temporarily blinds the beast and causes Tironock to stumble against the staircase leading to the keep’s entrance. The demon falls on his back. Goblins standing atop the keep dump vats of water onto the floundering demon. Baelock is among those dumping water. He sees Meg in peril. He grabs a soldier’s iron spear and leaps from the battlement. The momentum of his fall drives the spear deep into Tironock’s exposed belly. as Baelock’s body crashes onto the cobblestones and crumples upon impact.
Tironock begins to dematerialize. He intends to reform with his spear wounds healed and his vision restored. As his form quivers in the strong summer light, Meg closes the gap and buries Dragon Killer between Tironock’s shoulder blades with all her strength and all the strength her ancestors give her. The ancient weapon penetrates Tironock’s hard scales as easily as it would butter. Tironock feels the blade suck the power from his being. He knows the wound is serious. He looks over his shoulder to see who has delivered the blow. He sees only the frailest goblin imaginable. Too weakened to strike back, Tironock feels panic for the first time in his existence and concentrates on dematerializing.
Krage yells in disbelief as Meg’s body slumps to the ground. He rushes from the battlement into the courtyard. When he arrives, Myrel is already holding her grandmother in her arms. The old goblin is gone.
Duke Amin orders the injured cleared from the courtyard. Lord Ran stands waiting for the demon to reappear. Queen Fae regains consciousness, “What has happened?” 
She is told, “An old Spore has stopped the demon.” Baelock and Meg are carried to their cave in the forest and laid on their pallets. Myrel thinks how wonderful her grandmother was and wishes Trak could have witnessed her courage.
***
Tironock can feel the blade wedged between his shoulders, as he struggles to reach the cavern beneath the main hive. He must find a way to remove it from his flesh. He thinks of Shenal Ken. She can be forced to help.
Tironock’s spirit enters his cavern and collapses in front of Shenal Ken. In his agony, he doesn’t notice that her chain is shattered, nor does he see Trak and Lizardthroat nearby. Trak and Lizardthroat feel his presence in the swirling dust and hear his voice command, “Pull the obsidian blade from my flesh.” Shenal sees her tormentor writhing in pain, the dagger protruding from his back. Shenal looks at Trak to see if he is ready. Lizardthroat’s sword emits flashes of blue flames and Trak’s sparks gold, signaling they are as ready as they would ever be. The air is charged with the odor of lightning as Shenal Ken withdraws the obsidian.
With the dagger removed, Tironock’s pain eases. He sees Trak standing in front of him with the gold and steel sword in his hand. Golden flames flickered off the Dragon Fire. The demon quickly assumes corporal form and charges straight for Trak. He is determined to crush the Spore of Septan with his bare hands. He doesn’t see Lizardthroat strike from the side. Melkerei thrusts his flaming blue sword into Tironock’s flank. The demon collapses and with a flailing arm smashes Lizardthroat hard against the cavern’s wall. Trak leaps forward and drives his golden Dragon Fire into the demigod’s chest. The monster tries to dematerialize but finds that the gold in the steel sword has fused his spirit to Trak’s. He can’t break the bond. 
With his left hand on the sword’s hilt, Trak encircles Shenal Ken in his right arm. With all the strength he can summon, Trak draws Tironock’s essence into his body and thrusts it at Shenal Ken. As he does so, pain sweeps through his being and blackness seals his mind.


Postscript

Love between two people can happen in unexpected ways.
Alrik Redeyes

Duke Amin proclaims to his assembled comrades, “The old Spore’s magic has defeated Tironock.”
Myrel corrects him, “It was her obsidian blade. Obsidian is the earth’s magma in solidified form. It sought to regain its molten form by sucking power out of Tironock Kan.”
Farg understood enough to order craftsmen to make spears and arrows of obsidian. If the demon returns, he will be ready. Lord Ran visits the hive under the channel to survey the damage. Ghad has already begun repairs. Tironock has not been seen in five days. They are beginning to believe that Trak’s mission has been successful. But where is Trak?
Myrel cremates Meg and Baelock. Only Krage witnesses the event. Five days after the battle, Myrel sets off for the valley where Meg’s ancestors are buried. She journeys through the mountains accompanied by Dungoth who frightens goblins along the way. As she travels the Razor’s Back, she brings news of the battle to hundreds of refugees. Myrel passes the hive the Queen Mothers are building in the mountains; the queens tell Myrel they no longer feel Tironock’s presence. Myrel asks if they know where Trak is. They can offer no suggestion. Alexia and Grenab greet Myrel. They see Myrel is pregnant. With Trak missing, the revelation is bitter sweet.
A fortnight after leaving the Isle of Uisgebeatha, Myrel places the urns bearing Meg’s and Baelock’s remains in the cairn where Meg’s ancestors are entombed. Outside the cairn, she sits in a field of Atterlothe in full bloom and thinks of her grandmother. She summons the power of the Earth and releases her spirit. No sooner has she done so than she sees her grandmother’s youthful, timeless spirit standing before her. “Thank ye, Granddaughter, for bringing my ashes home, but ye must make haste. Trak needs ye.”
Myrel asks, “Grandmother, where can I find Trak?”
Her grandmother replies simply, “Look beneath Holy Mountain.”
Following Meg’s cryptic guidance, Myrel journeys to Neu Ardonbrae. On the streets of the capital city she encounters a few brave souls who have reentered the capital and are searching through the ruins for the means to begin a new life. 
Myrel finds the house of Krage’s friend, Humock. It stands intact, while most homes in that part of the city were ashes. Humock meets her at the door. Myrel is surprised he wears the Blue Dagger sigil. “It is the sigil of my house. The time has come for me to assume my true identity.” He relates how Trak, Alrik and his father came to the city three weeks before and disappeared into Holy Mountain. “I fear all three perished in their quest to destroy Tironock.”
Myrel is surprised to learn that Humock is Lord Lizardthroat’s son. She remembers how she had confided in him so many secrets that she didn’t want Lord Lizardthroat to know. “Did you betray me to your father on the night we were captured trying to enter Holy Mountain?” Myrel asks.
“No, Priestess. I have ever been my own man. My father liked that about me,” Humock replies.
“I have reason to believe Trak is still in Holy Mountain. I must enter its deepest caverns. You are welcome to join me if you would like to search for your father,” Myrel says by invitation.
“It seems like a perfectly reckless thing to do. I would have said no in the past, but recent events have changed me. I owe it to my father to try and find him,” the new Lord Lizardthroat replies.
When Myrel and Humock reachs the hive below Ardonbrae, it is abandoned. She doesn’t know where Trak might be, but she follows Dungoth who finds a scent. The dog leads Myrel and Humock to the archway that announces, “A god lives below.” Myrel recognizes a bag sitting beside the entrance as Alrik’s, but the cleric is gone. It takes most of a day to reach the chamber deep in the earth. The glowing figure of Shenal is gone. Except for the glow Myrel generates, the cavern is without a glimmer of light. In the pitch-blackness, they find Alrik holding Trak’s unconscious body. The hand that gripped the golden sword is badly burned. Myrel takes in the grisly sight of Trak’s emaciated body and sees the hopelessness of the situation. Weeks without food or water would have killed anyone else, but somehow Trak still breathes. Alrik has exhausted his lamp oil and food supplies several days before. He says he couldn’t bring himself to leave Trak alone in the dark cavern.
Alrik gestures to a stone cairn he erected over Melkerei’s body. His Dragon Fire sword marks the grave. Alrik explains, “The Queen Mothers forbade me to enter the abode of the Earth Spirit. I stayed behind when Trak and Melkerei descended into the tunnel. But after two days, I had the overwhelming feeling the god had left and I was needed below. When I arrived, I found both men lying on the floor. It appears Trak and Melkerei attacked Tironock together. Except for Trak and Melkerei, I found the cavern deserted. Lord Lizardthroat was already dead, and I haven’t been able to arouse Trak even for a moment.” I can’t say if the demon is dead.”
“One more thing,” Alrik adds, “there is an ancient corpse lying in the corner of the cavern.”
Myrel replies, “It is the body of Septan. His progeny have asked me to recover his remains.” She asks Humock to gather what he can of Septan’s mummy. Myrel sets Trak’s head in her lap and summons the power of the Earth and wills it into Trak’s limp frame. Through her spirit’s eyes, she sees the cavern in a changed light. Dozens of ancestors surround them, many in ancient dress. One spirit stands out. It is taller than the rest. It is the spirit of a cross-breed. Myrel speaks to the spirit, “Are you ready, my husband? There is much work to be done and long years left for us to enjoy.” Trak’s spirit smiles and reenters his body. Myrel finds Meg’s Dragon Killer on the floor of the chamber. She gives the obsidian blade to Alrik. With Humock’s assistance, she helps Trak and Alrik back to the surface.
***
In the years that followed, many asked Trak what happened the day Tironock disappeared. He would only say Lord Melkerei Lizardthroat slew the demigod. Lord Farg became duke when his father succumbed to age. Farg believed it was Meg who did the most to kill Tironock. For the rest of his life he boasted about how he commanded the united forces in the great, final battle against evil. He would extol the roll each of his allies played in the greatest event of the age. Farg salvaged the bones of the dead trolls and constructed a grisly throne that he placed in his banquet hall. Thereafter, he was referred to as Trollkiller. A nickname he much preferred to Duke Toad.
Alrik believed Trak must have reunited Tironock Kan with Shenal Ken. Krage said he would ask the ancestors some day to know the truth. He and Meriem lived for a while in Alexia’s enclave, raising the queen’s twins. They prepared the boy to be the future king of Bretwalda and the girl to marry the grandson of Queen Fae. Lord Ran returned home and served as the kingdom’s regent until Meriem’s son came of age. He reopened the iron works and made the tools needed to rebuild the kingdoms of goblins and men. Ghad and Terrin repaired the hive beneath the channel and governed the white goblins who chose to live underground, while the Queen Mothers ruled the goblins who became shepherds and salt traders and lived in the new hive in the mountains. The Underworld goblins intermarried with the surface goblins so frequently that within a few generations it was rare to encounter an albino.
Surprisingly, King Lorring, the Ard Ri, abdicated and surrendered the throne to Humock Lizardthroat. Myrel suspected the king learned that the son Dorla bore him was not his or the rightful heir to the throne. Farg built Dorla a manor house on the Isle of Uisgebeatha with a banquet hall large enough for her to give dinner parties.
King Lizardthroat commissioned a large mural depicting his father slaying the demon Tironock. Trak was also in the picture. He was portrayed unconscious on the cavern floor about to be crushed beneath Tironock’s foot at the moment Lord Lizardthroat struck the decisive blow with his fabled blue sword. The king displayed the mural of his father next to the one of the great naval hero, Admiral Fishbeater. To his credit, Humock disbanded the Secret Police and remodeled the city’s jail and the justice system that went with it.
Trak and Myrel returned to Holy Mountain. The family did not live in the residential quarters of the temple. Instead, Trak built a broch in the crater atop the mountain. It contained an alchemy lab for Trak and a work area for Myrel to study and store her medicinal plants. He also built a smithy. Although he never regained full use of his left hand, he made wondrous ceremonial objects that he decorated with goblin glyphs and legendary creatures. He etched each piece with his mark, a dragon serpent encircling the blade of a raised sword. The mark gave everything he made a magical quality, but Trak knew that magic was not found in designs but in the bonds one makes with the Earth.
Trak had no interest in being the next Thaumaturgist. He asked to be bypassed when Krage died. Myrel devoted herself to preparing their son to succeed Krage. She took an active role in the administration of the temple. Needless to say, the Septantrak was repaired. The lava was left covering the floor of the Great Hall as a memorial to those who died in the Second Sowing. Each year, Myrel filled the butterfly zoo with chrysalides for the temple’s children to enjoy.
For the clerics of the Septantrak, the disappearance of Tironock presented a religious crisis. For three thousand years, the clerics had prepared for the Second Sowing. Now that it had come and gone, no one knew what role was left for the temple. They studied the ancient prophecies. They found nothing to guide them into the future. The clerics were not even certain what had become of the Earth Spirit. Had Tironock and Shenal been reunited into one being or had one or both been destroyed? They could only wait and see if the Earth Spirit ever spoke again.
Alrik placed the Dragon Killer in a glass case. It became the temple’s most sacred relic. Two swords, a copy of Lord Lizardthroat’s Dragon Fire, and the other, Trak’s gold and steel sword, hung on the wall of the Great Hall next to the obsidian dagger for pilgrims to view. If a pilgrim looked closely at Trak’s sword, he could see traces of burned flesh clinging to the hilt. During the biannual solstice celebrations, pilgrims came from as far away as Eastland to catch a glimpse of the holy relics and visit the tomb of Septan in the cavern where his statue once stood.
The irreligious made crude jokes about a cross-breed who married his sister, not understanding that love between two people can happen in unexpected ways. For the faithful, the tales of the half-goblins became the grit of legend. Of course, this is not the end of Myrel and Trak’s story, but the next chapter is saved for another time.


“A God Dwells Within.”

###


APPENDIX A, Characters Named in the Story

The Palace

KING GIFORING THE ARD RI, The First of his Name
QUEEN DAFNIE, King Giforing’s wife
PRINCE LORRING, King Giforing and Queen Dafnie’s son, heir to the throne of Goblin Kingdom, sixteen
HOGARTH KINGFRIEND, Master-at-Arms of the Royal Guard
GRENAB SPIDERMOUTH. Member of the Royal Guard

The Temple

SEPTAN, 1st Thaumaturgist and Founder of the Lineage
KRAGE ORGILE, 59th Thaumaturgist of the Septantrak and alchemist to the Duke of Uisgebeatha
MYREL ORGILL, Daughter of Krage and Queen Meriem, eighteen
TINGA, Myrel’s friend, eighteen
ALRIK REDEYE, High Priest of the Septantrak
ALEXIA, Priestess and Myrel’s friend, twenty

The City of Neu Ardonbrae

LORD MELKEREI LIZARDTHROAT, Commander of the Secret Police
ATZEL LIZARDTHROAT, Melkerei’s brother, monastic leader
HUMOCK CUTCUTTER, Captain of City Police
SALIGER, Member of Humock’s police force
TAAT COINBITER, Warden of the city’s prison
COOK, Chief Cook of the city’s prison
KRINK, Cook in the city’s prison
MARNARD, Cook in the city’s prison
GERUM FIREMAKER, King Giforing’s metal smith
ELLOT FISHBEATER, King Giforing’s Naval Captain 
JUELIC SEADRAGON. First Officer aboard a goblin warship

The Isle of Uisgebeatha

DUKE AMIN GIANTSLAYER, Duke of the Isle of Uisgebeatha
FARG GIANTSLAYER, First born son, nineteen
DORLA GIANTSLAYER, Duke Amin’s niece, sixteen
NEAFON DAMFURY, Duke Amin’s Sergeant of Arms
TUMORG ROCKEATER, Sergeant of Duke Amin’s sapper unit
BAELOCK SWORDBEATER, Duke Amin’s metal smith.
TRAK, Orphaned, cross-breed apprentice to Baelock, eighteen
DEBRAH MEGAI (MEG), Old Goblin living in the woods
NAM and Drag CLAYDIGGER, Potters
WREEN WORMCLAW, Metal smith and rival of Baelock
DUNGOTH, Myrel’s dog

Legendary Persons and Deities

MIKOL BLACKFACE, Earth’s first metal smith
EARTH SPIRIT, Creator deity who was split in two by Septan to form:
TIRONOCK KAN, Evil presence
SHENAL KEN, Weakened Earth Spirit

Bretwalda and Eastland

KING RED, First of that Name, King of Bretwalda
QUEEM MERIEM, King Red’s wife
JOELFREY THE BRAVE, Queen Meriem’s deceased father
BARON TEIBER OF WESTLAND, Commander of King Red’s military
LORD RAN TEIBER, son of Baron Teiber
STEV KLEYMAN, Captain of King Red’s Guard
QUEEN FAE, Warrior queen of Eastland
STRAND BEEDLE, King Red’s alchemist
LUKIN and STAM, Baron Teiber’s soldiers
KING FANGDOR, King of a land south of Eastland

The Underworld

QUEEN MOTHERS, Rulers of the main hive beneath Holy Mountain
GHAD SAMRAET, Rebel commander of the Underworld military
TERRIN SAMRAET, Ghad’s son
LEJANT SILVERWORM, Commander of a white goblin army





About the Author

In my previous lives I have been an organic chemist, military pilot and a pathologist—all fantasy tales in their own right. Currently, I am semi-retired. I live with my wife in a German village. In winter I paint. In summer I work as an archaeologist, excavating at El Mirador, a huge Maya city in Guatemala. I like to travel. This story records my recent sojourn to the Goblin Realm. If you have taken this journey with me, I hope you enjoyed your trip. 
Since I have little interest in engaging in serious marketing activities, you have my thanks if you recommend this book to a friend. If you know Peter Jackson, please mention to him I can suggest a possible use for all those goblin costumes he has in storage. I appreciate your comments. Your interest will spur me to finish book two. 

Connect with Me Online: http://www.halfgoblin.com.

