Ghostly Water
By D. Charles Miller
Copyright 2015 David C. Miller
Smashwords Edition


Chapter 1


It was the year of our Lord 1027 AD, and my father lay on his deathbed. The fever was taking him. My mother had died three years earlier, and I had no siblings. Now I was about to lose the only family I had for I knew of no other relatives to which I could turn. Boys in my situation had few options. If a tradesman would take me for an apprentice, I could stay here in the village that I knew as home; if not, I would be sent to the monastery forty miles to the east. The tradesmen had been approached, and none had need of a new apprentice. Our little village had a small church with two priests, and arrangements had been made for one of them to take me to the monastery shortly after my father’s funeral.
That night my father breathed his last. A priest was present and administered the last rights. I remember the next morning so vividly. It was a cool crisp spring day. The sky was blue with a few fluffy clouds. It could just as easily have been dark and wet that time of year in southern England which would have more reflected my mood. It did not take them long to put my father into the ground. The priest said a few words in Latin that I did not understand, and it was over. I went home; this was the likely to be the last day I would get to spend here for tomorrow the younger priest would take me to the monastery where I would begin my training. Slowly I packed my few belongings into a small bag. I really did not want to live at the monastery and contemplated running away, but I had nowhere to go.
I barely slept at all that night. Every time I dozed off, my dreams would awaken me. I arose at first light and had some porridge. It was the only food we had for we had eaten almost all of our stores while my father was down with the fever. As I looked out the window, I saw the priest preparing his cart for the trip. The ox attached to it did not seem very enthused. I finished my meal and gathered my things. I grieved for my father and for the only home I had ever known, then went to take my seat upon the cart. While I was waiting for the priest, a stranger arrived in our village. He drove a small cart pulled by a single horse. When he got down, you could see that he was tall and strongly built. He had gray in his hair and beard, but his face appeared to be no older than that of my father’s.
“Where is Ander son of Geoffrey?” He shouted. The storekeeper pointed to the graveyard. “Where is the boy?” He asked. The storekeeper pointed at me, atop the oxcart waiting for the priest. “Boy, I am your Uncle Eli. I am sorry I was too late to say goodbye to your father. I came as soon as I heard that he had been stricken with the fever.” I gave him a good look. There was something familiar about him. I think I had met him once when I was much younger. It was hard to remember.
“Would you like to come live with me?” He asked.
“Yes.” I answered, thinking that it was not my destiny to become a monk. In retrospect, the course of my life was to be of no less rigor. As I got down off the cart, the priest came out of the church with a load of supplies. He looked at me and asked, “Where are you going?”
My uncle said, “He is kin and he is coming to live with me.” We went back to my house. As we were walking, I asked him why he walked with a staff.
“No one thinks twice about a man with gray in his hair walking with a staff, but a sword on one’s belt draws much attention.” He answered.
We spent the night and then left the village at dawn. We headed south. It was the longest journey I had ever taken, over four days on the road. We would travel by day and camp at night. Sometimes, we would stay in a town if there were accommodations. Near the end of the third day, we saw soldiers ahead on the road. As we got closer, I could see that the men were accompanied by large beasts with spiked collars. They resembled dogs, but not the likes of any I had ever seen. They had short faces with huge heads and gaping mouths, and they were gigantic. We passed by slowly.
“What are those beasts?” I asked.
“Do not look them in the eye for they may take it as a challenge. Those are dogs of war. They are bred to wear armor and fight armies. Many noblemen have war dogs, but these are special. They protect the lands of Eyldon, and by their reputation alone few armies have ever dared attack. These dogs weigh more than two large men and can jump over a full size horse. They can crush a man’s skull with a single bite!”
“In my village the dogs are small and belong to no one. They live off garbage and scraps because no one can afford to feed an animal that you won’t eat or does little work. Who can afford to keep such dogs?”
“The Lord of Eyldon is rich enough to feed them. They eat twice as much as a man, but they are worth it. War is much more expensive. If having them prevents it, they are well worth the cost.” Said Eli.
We continued down the road. The next day we arrived at my uncle’s house. It was located in the forest on the edge of a small clearing about two miles off the main road. There were gardens, a few goats, and some chickens. The house itself was not much bigger than the one I had just left. It looked well-built and sturdy. Going inside, I was awed.
“You must be very rich.” I said.
“Does this look like the house of a rich man?” Eli responded.
“No, but you have so many books. I have only seen one book in my entire life and that was the church’s bible. You have shelves of books!”
“When you have one book and are educated, you can copy it. Others who have done the same will trade you their copy for yours. Do this long enough and you can acquire quite the collection. I have also bartered other things of value for some of them, and others I have rescued from destruction.”
“Who would destroy a book?” I asked.
“Yes, who indeed?” And he smiled at me.
Eli insisted that I learn to read and write, not only in my native tongue, but in Latin and Greek as well. He was well versed in all three languages and could speak several more. I spent three to four hours daily in my studies, learning to read his books and acquiring the knowledge they contained. I was also learning mathematics, especially geometry. Eli considered geometry to be very important. He said it contained the secrets of creation as well as being the core knowledge needed to build any substantial structure. He was proud that he possessed two of the volumes of the Greek mathematician Euclid which had been translated from Arabic into Latin. He told me there existed more of Euclid’s volumes that were being held safe in the lands of the prophet Mohammed and that there was a great collection of the lost Greek knowledge being kept there. He believed that this knowledge would one day come to Christendom and be accepted by all educated men.
Occasionally we would have visitors. They were usually foreigners who wore strange clothes and spoke unfamiliar languages, but they all spoke Latin or Greek. They would converse with my uncle on history, politics, religion, philosophy, and esoteric knowledge. The more I learned, the more I was able to grasp from their discussions and debates.
Our house was about thirteen miles from the nearest village, and it was another day’s travel from there to the sea. This village was smaller than the one where I had lived with my father. It did not have a church nor any priests. We would go there once a month to get supplies like flour and oil. My uncle bartered with goat cheese and herbs from our garden. Occasionally he would pay with coins. I enjoyed going to the village for there were other children there my age. We would play together, and I made friends. I befriended a girl named Anne and her older brother James. Anne was my age, and James was two years older. James and I would wrestle, and I could hold my own with him even though he was older. Eli insisted on physical training as well as my studies.
The years passed, and I grew taller and stronger. Anne was maturing into a real beauty, and we were growing closer. James was now my best friend. We would race, wrestle and go exploring. James was falling in love with a girl named Mary. She was pretty, but not as pretty as Anne.
I was progressing well in my studies and becoming more learned. Now at the age of fourteen, I was allowed to participate some in the discussions with our visitors. One night two men came calling. One was tall, muscular and had blonde hair. The other was shorter, dark skinned, and came from Arabia; he had seen the Holy Lands. The tall one was named Lars, and he was from Normandy. He said to Eli, “So this is the boy.”
“He has taken well to his studies and shows much potential.” Replied Eli.
“Should we initiate him tonight?” Asked the Arab.
“No, I think he will be ready next year.” Responded Eli.
“You won’t live forever old man. You need to pass on what you know.” Said Lars.
“There is still plenty of time.” Replied Eli.
“You need to teach us some of that magic.” The Arab said smiling.
“You are still too young and take pleasure in the company of women for my magic to be of any use to you.” Laughed Eli.
They all laughed. I was a bit confused. They were talking to my uncle as if he were much older than he appeared to be. I dismissed the idea and went to prepare a meal for our guests.
“No meat, dairy, or eggs in the meal. It needs to be clean, nothing from an animal.” Shouted Eli.
That was strange, we usually served our guests the best we had to offer. My uncle had eaten nothing from animals for months and as a consequence neither had I. But to deny our guests, I thought was impolite and that they may take it as an insult. They however seemed unconcerned. The meal consisted of vegetable stew, bread, and herbal tea. They consumed it with zeal. After they ate, they began to converse. Their debates were heated, especially when the topic was politics and whether war was ever justified. I felt I had not the knowledge to render an opinion and was happy to not get into the thick of it. After the meal, I cleared the table. The mood of the evening settled as they began to delve into some of Eli’s volumes. They were looking for some specific knowledge that would set the tone for the remainder of their discussions.
Hours passed and the time for talking was over. The Arab placed a shiny geometrical object in the center of the table. Around it they placed several lit candles. Lars removed a small blue bottle from his bag, and they all consumed equal shares of the potion inside until the bottle was empty. Eli then presented a small vial of oil. They each put some of the oil onto their finger tips and rubbed it into their foreheads between the brows. Eli sealed the vial then set it on the table, but it fell over and rolled off. I caught it before it could hit the floor.
“Thank you, could you please put that somewhere safe.” He said.
I put the vial in my pocket. I watched the men as they sat around the table staring at the object and chanting strange syllables and resonant sounds. I was fascinated. I took the vial from my pocket and rubbed some of the oil between my brows. I resealed it and put it back into my pocket. At first I felt no different, but after a few minutes, I began to feel a bit strange. Colors were brighter and everything seemed more significant. I leaned against another table; on it was a lit candle and a bowl of water. I looked at the flame. It intrigued me, but not as much as the water. I stared into the bowl for how long I could not say. Time was not normal if it even existed at all. The next thing of which I was aware, was the Arab’s hand on my shoulder.
“Searching for the secrets of creation? There is Water in water.” He said. What he said made perfect sense and no sense.
“Seems the boy has taken it upon himself to start his initiation.” Shouted Lars.
“Indeed.” replied Eli. “We will start a new chapter in your training tomorrow.”
“See what you have done boy. You have opened the door into a new world and tomorrow you will step through it.” Laughed Lars.
The next day my training in the Hermetic arts and esoteric sciences began. The first lesson was about diet. Food from animal sources, especially meat for it contains blood, possess the essence of the animal. Consuming it tends to lower consciousness closer to that of the animal. When working towards higher consciousness or practicing “magic”, it is best to abstain from such foods for up to one lunar cycle beforehand. I now realized not serving our guests any meat was entirely appropriate. Eli told me that everything I learned from now on must be kept secret. The Church did not approve of these teachings and would destroy all that is written about them. Worse yet they might punish you for knowing or practicing them. This was not happening on any scale at this time, but it was common practice during the fourth and fifth centuries. Currently the most severe punishment was excommunication. Fear of the Church was why Eli kept his most treasured volumes hidden. The ones on the shelves were of history, mathematics, and such. They were frowned upon but not forbidden.
Lars and the Arab stayed with us for several more days and assisted in my training. Lars even taught me some of the basics of swordsmanship. I was saddened when the day came for them to leave. There were others that they needed to visit before heading for home. Before leaving, Lars gave Eli two caged birds. They looked like doves only a little larger. In exchange my uncle gave him three bags of provisions. It looked more like an exchange of gifts than barter. Lars then gave me the bottle that had contained his potion. He told me I might have need of it to store my own. We exchanged hugs, and then they rode off.


Chapter 2


In the years that followed, I learned the uses of all the herbs we grew and the plants that we collected. They had everyday uses, but most had healing properties, and some had special esoteric applications. I learned that mistletoe was extremely powerful. It really didn’t do much on its own, but in combination with other ingredients, it always made the potion stronger. I learned to change my level of consciousness using potions made from special plants. I also learned how to control my breath and to meditate. Chanting certain words and sounds were also helpful in attaining higher vibrational states. My uncle would have me study certain texts, and after I thought I had learned them well; guests would arrive. Sometimes Lars was with them. I was always glad to see him. They would take me through initiations using potions and anointing oils. These initiations occurred at specific times of the year and phases of the moon. Upon completing each initiation, I would restudy the texts I thought I had mastered. It was as if I was reading them for the first time. New insights flooded into my mind, and now I truly understood their meaning.
I would not only study Eli’s books but copy and translate them as well. This helped me learn, but also it gave us volumes to give and to trade with others. One day I was reading a gnostic text called the Gospel of Phillip. Our copy was incomplete, but it was still of value. Eli wanted me to translate our Greek copy into Latin. As I read, there it was: “There is Water in water and fire in anointing.”  What the Arab had said at my first initiation was here in the Gospel of Phillip!
I was now in my seventeenth year and still greatly influenced by my first experience with enhanced perception. I set out to explore the esoteric properties of water. I wished to find the Water in the water. Every day I experimented using plant extracts and mineral salts to create concoctions hoping to find the right combination that would make water more susceptible to my mental influence. I would charge water with my breath and with the energy that I projected from the palms of my hands. In the twilight of evening, I would gently heat different mixtures and stare into the vapor. Focusing my mind, I would attempt to create forms and shapes in the mist.
One day I had a small amount of success. I had made a concoction from the juice of a common plant combined with two mineral salts. In an altered state of consciousness, I was minimally able to influence the water. I got even better results after I added a drop of mistletoe tincture to the mixture. Mistletoe always makes the potion stronger. Now the potion was able to absorb some of the ethereal energy I projected from my hands. It showed promise. I worked with it for weeks, but I could get no additional improvement. Every enhancement or variation I tried proved to be of no value. Eli now began to take an interest in my work during the point at which I was the most discouraged.
“Why don’t you try a drop of your blood?” He suggested.
“Blood, of course. Why did not I think of using it?”
“You would have given time and experience.”
Adding a small amount of blood was the solution. My potion now easily absorbed the energy that I projected into it. I found than if a living thing be it plant or animal consumed my potion, I could then charge them with my etheric energy resulting in an increase in their health and vitality. I could heal injured animals and make plants grow faster. I made our trees produce more fruit and our goats more milk. Eli was most impressed. He especially enjoyed my ability to enhance the power of his herbs. I continued to practice and experiment with my new abilities, gaining experience and power. When I was in higher states of consciousness, I could see actually more like sense the energy in the water.
There were limits to my new abilities. Healing animals with severe injuries or illnesses was very draining, sometimes requiring days for me to fully recover. If the animal was old, I might not be able to heal it at all. I could not revive the dead be it plant or animal. I could not make the water move or otherwise obey me. Eli told me that controlling the elements was an extremely difficult task. He had put a lifetime of study into the esoteric sciences, and he could only create a slight breeze for a second or two. That was the extent of his elemental powers. Although once, he with the help of others had made it rain during a period of extreme drought. He told me if a group could harmonize their energies, great things could be accomplished.
Time passed quickly, and I had now studied nearly all of Uncle’s books. Only his most guarded texts did he keep from me, and they were well hidden. I did spend some time copying and translating, but for the most part I was freer to pursue other things. I explored the countryside learning the plants and observing the animals. I also spent more time in the village with my friends, especially Anne.
It was now my eighteenth birthday. Eli and I toasted it with a small amount of grog, and we sang songs. The next day we went into the village for provisions. Uncle gave me a few coins to spend on whatever I desired. I was glad to be there and wanted to go find my friends, but we had to get our supplies first. My thoughts were primarily focused on Anne. We had grown close, and I had decided to court her. Eli did not want me to fall in love and marry, but if it happened then it would be my destiny.
The village was unusually quiet. We inquired with the shopkeeper. He told us an evil man, a wizard with dark powers had taken up residence here. His name was Janus. He was quick, strong, and good with a sword. He stole and demanded tributes from the villagers. Those who stood up to him fell ill to the fever and had skin eruptions. Most of the afflicted died horribly. He had sickened Anne’s father and her brother James. They were still alive but were gravely ill.
We immediately went to their house. As the shopkeeper had said, they were very sick and burning with fever. The elder was dying, and James was fighting for his life. The village healer was there, and he was glad to see Eli. He was doing his best, but nothing he tried seemed to work. He and Eli attended to Anne’s father while I assessed James. He was burning up with fever. When no one was looking, I removed the bottle from my bag and poured a small amount of the potion into James’s mouth. I then wetted my hands and placed one on his brow and the other over his heart. Focusing all of my energy, my hands became very hot, and my eyes rolled up into my forehead. I could feel vibrations in both our bodies. Our energies were aligned. After a few minutes, I released contact. My vitality was drained, and I could barely stand. James was showing signs of improvement. I took a seat near the window and rested.
I gazed out the window and was horrified. Anne was running at Janus with an axe in her hands. He turned and evaded her swing then he ran her through with his sword. I was crushed, overwhelmed with grief and rage. Eli saw my distress and came to me. He looked out the window.
“God help us!” He said.
“Can you kill him for I can barely stand?”
“Now is not the time, healing others is more important. Vengeance is not a true path and must be avoided. What Janus has done today will not be forgotten.”
I was sick with grief. I vomited and could not stop weeping. I wanted so much to kill that man. Hours passed. Looking out the window, I saw them take Anne’s body to the graveyard. It was almost evening before I could move freely. Eli and I went outside; Janus was nowhere to be seen. The people wanted to kill him, but they were too afraid, and he was not going to chance provoking them by being too visible. He would come out in a few days after emotions had quelled. It was now twilight, and Eli suggested that I should go to her grave and say goodbye. I looked in the direction of the graveyard and was taken aback.
“I can see Anne’s ghost!” I said.
“You can see her? I need to explain to you the nature of ghosts. I cannot see her, but you were much closer to her. Her spirit has left, what you see is but a remnant. Humans have two bodies, one dense and one subtle. The subtle body mirrors the dense and will usually stay near it after death. It will tend to disperse as the body decays. The subtle body can be directly influenced by the powers of the will and the mind. Occasionally it will attach itself to objects or people whom the deceased was strongly attached to in life. This is what is called a haunting. Most people cannot see or sense them, but some do. Twilight and certain days like Samhain are the best times for one to observe them. Go and say your goodbyes. It is best to ignore the remnant. If you pay it no attention, it can do you no harm. It can only reflect the energy you put into it.”
I went to her grave, my heart grieving. Anne’s ghost if not for a better name swirled around me. I guessed that Anne’s strong feelings for me when she was alive were the reasons for its behavior. It was distracting, but I could also feel some of the love she had for me. I was comforted by that. I decided to bless her grave with my potion hoping that flowers of extreme beauty would grow there. I uncapped the bottle Lars had given me, wetted my fingers and sprinkled the potion on her grave. My thoughts were of how much I missed her and that I wanted her back. To my amazement her ghost swirled around me with greater speed and then entered my potion bottle. Her essence had completely dissolved into the water, and I could sense her. I capped the bottle and left the graveyard. I needed to speak to Eli quickly!
“Uncle, I need your advice, urgently.”
“What is the problem? I sense fear in your voice.”
“I blessed her grave with my potion then her remnant entered the bottle and dissolved.”
“Shhh…, tell no one of this; I mean no one. It is alright. Keep the potion in your bag, and we will discuss this on the way home.”
That evening Anne’s father died. James recovered, and by morning, he was up and taking food. He almost fell ill again when he heard of his sister’s death. Two deaths in one day was almost more than he could bear. Only his hatred for Janus gave him strength. We stayed another night. In the morning, we left early just as the sun was peeking above the horizon. On the way home, Eli told me tales of ancient magic.
“Not far from the Holy Lands there is a land called Egypt. You have read of it in the Holy Bible. There was high civilization there long before the rise of the Greeks or the Romans. They had great knowledge of magic much of which has been lost. Legend had it that a powerful magician could steal the soul of a murdered man and use it to perform astonishing feats. This of course is not true. No one can steal a soul, but the legend has a ring of truth to it. One can capture the subtle body of the dead, especially if it had been separated by the trauma of murder. Using powers of the will, one could use it to perform great magic. There is a legend that King Solomon captured demons in jugs of water and that he commanded these demons to help him build the temple. Until now, I believed such things to be just myth and legend. You have succeeded where great wizards have tried and failed. For you to have done this at your age is even more amazing. You must tell no one of this ability, not even friends, not even Lars. Promise me you will keep this secret.”
“I promise. Why is secrecy so important?” I asked.
“This kind of magic elicits superstitions and fear. Some may actually believe that you are stealing souls. Fear makes people dangerous, and your very life could be at risk. Then there would be others who would wish to exploit the power of your magic or steal it.” He cautioned.
“I doubt I could ever do this again. I think Anne’s love for me and mine for her was responsible for this.” I said.
“That may be true, but usually once you acquire a magical ability it is with you for life. Meaning once you have used up this remnant, it will be relatively easy for you to capture another one.”
“Why would I want to do that?” I said.
“In my experience, one rarely gives up a power after one has acquired it.” Said Eli.
“Will you help me develop and control this power?”
“I will do what I can, but this is beyond my experience. I also need to work quickly to find a cure for Janus’s dark magic.”
“Janus, I want his blood so badly.”
“Clear your mind of that. Evil thoughts will do you no good. Janus will reap what he sows. You need not concern yourself with him.” Said Eli.


Chapter 3


At home, I focused on my studies and meditated often to distract me from my feelings of grief and vengeance. It was hard for me to center, and I needed to clear my mind in order to control this new power. I also found distraction in helping Eli with his herbs and potions. He had taken samples of hair, skin and blood from Anne’s father and had made solutions from them to test possible antidotes. It did not take him long to find a cure. He already had an idea of how Janus performed his dark magic. It wasn’t really magic at all, but a powerful toxin made into a fine powder. When the victim breathed it, they would fall ill and likely die. Creating the cure took time, herbs had to be grown and collected; potions needed to be aged. Once he created enough of the treatment, he was ready to travel to the village. He did not want me to come with him. He thought I could not be trusted if I saw Janus, and Eli knew that I was not his match and would most likely be killed. He took the horse and left me behind.
I did not fault Eli for believing I was not ready. I knew I could not best Janus, and I would not let my emotions get the better of me. I would bide my time for I still wished that man dead. The next day while I was tending the garden, I saw a jay fall from the sky. It had been struck by a hawk. I walked over to it and saw that it was badly injured. Its wing was broken, and it was bleeding from its mouth. It did not have long to live. I pulled my potion bottle from my bag. Eli had warned me not to use it until I could center and control my thoughts and emotions. But this was just a bird, what harm could come of it. I took some of the potion into my mouth and accidentally swallowed a little. Instantly I could feel Anne’s presence, visions and memories of her filled my head. This lasted but just a moment and then I felt normal. I gently clasped the bird and spit the remaining potion into its mouth, then I focused on healing it. My hands felt hot, and they were tingling. I was staring into the jay’s eyes, and I began to feel a powerful connection. I set the bird down. It was completely healed, and I felt energized not drained as when I had used the base potion in the past.
The jay took to flight, and I began to feel dizzy. I was now feeling as if I had just consumed some new and powerful plant helper. I sat down, closed my eyes and tried to meditate. Then I realized, I was one with the bird. I could see through its eyes and hear through its ears. I was flying and could see for miles! It was exhilarating. I regained my focus and experimented to see if I could control the direction of flight. I managed to get the bird to go left and then to the right. I realized I was not really controlling the bird; it was more akin to giving it a suggestion that it perceived to be coming from its own mind. The experience was very strange and hard to describe with words.
Every day I practiced with the jay. Our connection was not fading, if anything it was getting stronger. The jay and I were now good friends, and I was clearly the dominate personality. The hardest part was letting go of the connection, so that we could each go on with our own lives. The jay ate some truly disgusting things that sadly I also tasted. Achieving a way to disconnect became my most important priority.
Eli was gone for over four days. He had to do more than just make a delivery for he had to teach the village healer how to use the medicines. He was miles away when I or should I say we saw him coming home. I started a fire and began to prepare a meal for us. When he arrived, he could smell the food cooking. Upon entering the house, he could see two places set at the table.
“Expecting company?” He asked.
“Just you.” I responded.
“How did you know I was coming home today?”
“I saw you when you were but a few miles from home.”
“Tell me what you have done!”
“I used my potion to heal an injured jay, and now I can see through its eyes.”
“That was a dangerous thing to do. According to folklore, that type of connection works both ways. Luckily it was a bird. A connection to an animal that has emotions similar to a human being could have been overwhelming.”
“It was strange at first, but now I am really enjoying it.” 
“Wait until your bird gets injured or killed, and you will not think it so enjoyable.”
“I never considered that happening.”
“Experiencing the death of another being will most likely be one of the most distressing experiences of your life.”
“I did not intend to make this connection. I only intended to heal the bird.”
“Did you use the potion any differently than you had done before acquiring her remnant?”
“I had to put the potion in my mouth in order to administer it.”
“Did you swallow any?”
“A small amount, accidentally.”
“Anne’s essence is in that potion, and now it is in you and anyone or anything that consumes it. This is likely to be a permanent connection, and you may form a similar connection to any other that consumes this potion.”
“Is it possible the connection will fade with time?” I asked.
“Maybe, but I think your connection to the bird is permanent because you have worked on the bond. Future connections may be weaker if you do not drink anymore of the potion. It is hard to say. I am in unchartered waters here.”
My connection with the jay remained strong, and we would fly and explore the countryside. During this time, I continued my experiments with the new potion. With a drop or two diluted in a bucket of water, I could make plants grow faster than I could with the original potion. The resulting herbs were more potent, making Eli’s medicines stronger. Using it on a tree that hosted mistletoe, gave remarkable results.
Eli insisted that I get back to some scholarly pursuits. He had me translate some of his most guarded texts from Greek into Latin. He really did not need them in Latin, but he wanted me to start learning their contents. He also believed that Lars would soon be ready to receive a special volume. He was trying to keep me as busy as possible hoping to calm my desire for vengeance. He knew that he could not keep me home forever.
The day came when Eli needed me to go to the village with him. Our horse had come up lame and needed a new shoe. We had to slowly walk the horse, and it was not capable of pulling the cart, not even if it was empty. It was a long walk to the village with an injured horse, taking us more than two days. We arrived on the morning of the third day and took our horse to the blacksmith. In a small pen made of old and rotting wood was this magnificent horse. It was large, strong, and beautiful and could have easily broken free from its enclosure if it so desired. As we approached closer, I could see it was severely injured. Its wounds were not caused by the teeth and claws of another animal but from blades and spears.
“What happened to his horse?” I asked.
“I found him this way. He is a warhorse, and those are battle wounds. It will most likely die, but if it lives, it will make a great plow horse.” Said the smith.
“I have not heard of any battles nearby.” Said Eli.
“The Lord of Eydlon has fallen.” Replied the smith.
“Who would attack Eydlon?” Eli asked with a look of disbelief.
“Two nobles from the north made an alliance after the death of the king and thought they could loot and conquer Eydlon.” Said the smith.
“They did not fear Eydlon’s dogs of war?” I asked.
“They thought they were myth, and they came in overwhelming numbers. Eydlon let slip its dogs, and its soldiers fought valiantly, but it was not enough. There are many dead and wounded, and the invaders have suffered nearly the same. It is unlikely that they can hold their conquest.  The dogs of war are still raising havoc and killing the enemy even though they have nothing to protect.” Exclaimed the smith.
“If a horse is down here there could also be dogs.” Said Eli.
“None have been seen, but I would take care on the roads.” Warned the smith.
As Eli and the blacksmith spoke, I made my way towards the warhorse unnoticed. I could not let such amazing creature suffer so. It had been months since I had swallowed the potion and connected to the jay. I was willing to risk it. I climbed into the pen. I made a cup with my hand and poured a little of the potion into it and then offered it to the horse. It licked my hand and consumed the potion. I rubbed my hands together and then placed them on the animal. I focused my attention and again my hands got hot. When I was finished, the horse was completely healed, and I felt well. There was no feeling that I had formed a connection to this beast. Then I was aware of Eli looking at me.
“What are you doing? That was foolish, what if someone saw you? How do you feel?”
“I am fine, and I feel no connection to the horse.” I said.
“Good. We will have to spend the night. We can stay with your friend James.”
We went to James’s house; he was glad to see us. He told us the village healer had cured most of the people whom Janus had afflicted and that the people of the village were beginning to become less fearful.
“It will still be a long time before the people rise up against this devil.” Said James.
“I wish I was better with weapons for I would enjoy killing that man.” I said.
“It would be suicide for you to try, and I have lost enough at the hands of Janus.” Said James.
“Enough talk of vengeance. Vengeance is a road to nowhere. Good people who take vengeance are harmed as much as their victim.” Insisted Eli.
We had our morning meal with James and then made our way to the smith’s at high sun. Our horse was ready. Eli paid the blacksmith with two silver coins. We were ready to leave when I saw Janus walking towards us. I looked for something I could use for a weapon. Janus looked Eli in the eyes.
“You owe me a tribute.” Demanded Janus.
“We do not live in this village, so I owe you nothing.” Responded Eli.
“I shall take your horse as payment.”
“You will walk away and consider yourself paid.” Said Eli.
Then Janus made a slight but sudden move. You could barely notice it, but Eli did. A fine powder was drifting toward him, and with a flick of his sleeve, Eli dispersed it.
“I knew there was more to you.” Janus shouted as he drew his sword.
Eli then swung his staff in response, but Janus evaded. Janus thrust his sword, and Eli countered. They were well matched. Eli was amazingly fast and powerful against the younger Janus. I was anxious to join this fight and searched for a weapon. Eli waved me off. He did not want me involved. I could feel my blood boiling. I wanted Eli to crack his skull open. My rage continued to build, and my nostrils flared. The battle appeared to be favoring Eli. He had delivered several strong blows, and Janus seemed to be weakening. Suddenly there was a rat running across the road. It ran under Eli’s feet, and he stepped on it. This threw him off balance, and Janus was able to wound him. The wound was not serious, but it now gave Janus the advantage, and he pressed it.
I was worried. I could not lose another person I loved to this man. Janus then knocked Eli to the ground and attacked him viciously. Eli defended with his staff, but you could tell his time was short. I could not contain my rage. I stomped my foot. I saw red. Then a crashing sound came from behind me, the warhorse had broken through its enclosure. It charged Janus. He had no time to react when the horse slammed into him, taking him to the ground. It reared up and brought thunderous hoofs down upon him. Eli managed to roll away and get clear. The horse wanted Janus dead because I wanted him dead. My rage had forged the connection, and we were going to kill that man. Eli rushed to my side. He knew what was happening.
“Let it go! Breathe, calm yourself. You are in public, regain control.” He threw water in my face.
I realized what was happening and where I was. I relaxed and took some deep breaths. I attempted to calm the horse. It was difficult. He was much harder to influence than the bird, but I managed. The horse stopped its assault and quietly walked away. Everyone had been watching the fight and the spectacle of the horse attacking Janus. Everyone except James, who was staring at me. The people of the village were hoping Janus was dead. Their hopes were crushed, as Janus struggled to his feet. He was seriously hurt, but not mortally so. He looked in our direction.
“This is not over! I will heal and I will kill you, both of you.” He spewed.
His gaze met my eyes; I could feel his hate. It sent a shiver up my spine. Then a stone about the size of a woman’s fist hit Janus in the side. It was thrown by James. He picked up another stone and struck Janus in the head, forcing him to fall to a knee. Then other young men joined with James, and they stoned Janus to death. James retrieved Janus’s sword and used it to remove his head. He lifted the head to show the crowd. They cheered. I had never seen such a sight. It appeared that their hate for Janus had joined them into one mind, a primitive savage mind. Then Eli spoke to the crowd. “Take the head to the west and the body to the east. Burn them until there is nothing left. You must banish this evil from your village.”
The crowd did as Eli instructed. James came to me and offered me Janus’s sword and belt. I told him that he deserved to keep them for his courage in standing up to Janus.
“I helped kill an injured man. It did not take any courage. It was you who defeated Janus.” Said James.
“Me? I did nothing.” I responded.
“I saw you. You controlled that animal. How, I do not know, but it did your bidding.”
“You were seeing things.” I said.
“I’ll keep your secret. Take the sword. I could not keep the weapon that killed my sister.”
Eli grabbed the sword and wiped Janus’s blood from the blade. “This is a fine blade made by a master craftsman. We will need to teach you how to wield it properly.” He said.
The village healer and I tended to Eli’s wounds. We spent another night with James. In the morning, Eli was ready to travel and so was our horse. Eli would be able to ride a good portion of the trip back. The morning air was crisp as we headed home. Eli was anxious to get me alone so he could discuss with me the importance of the events I had witnessed.
“So did you learn any lessons from what happened to Janus?” He asked.
“I learned that when someone steps up, they can lead a mob into acts of savagery.”
“Good. Did you learn anything else?”
“Nothing else comes to mind. Why did you tell the crowd to separate and burn the body?”
“Mobs in that state are very dangerous and can easily be turned to destructive rioting. Dividing them and giving them a task was a way of dispersing them. With a little time, the crowd mentality would fade, and individual judgment would return. I did play on their superstitions, but burning the body was prudent. No need to risk having Janus’s remnant haunting the village.” Eli explained.
“Is there anything else I should take away from these events?” I asked.
“There is a lesson here on the nature of leadership. Janus controlled the people of the village using fear and cruelty and was thus hated by them. When the people hate you, there is no loyalty. When Janus was weak, they rose against him. If a leader is strong and respected but is also just, the people will love him and be willing to die for him.”
“I see. So why do so many leaders use fear?” I asked.
“Fear works to keep one in power or at least it does for a while. A little fear of the ruler is not a bad thing as long as he is also perceived to be competent and just. If one relies on fear alone and is perceived as cruel or unjust, he becomes hated and loses the loyalty of his people. Many leaders do not understand this and use fear excessively. They are often those who lacked experience before they inherited their position, or ones who have a too inflated sense of their own importance. Their insecurities often lead to abuses of power.”
“Can they learn to change and become great leaders?” I asked.
“It has happened, but it is rare.” Said Eli.
“Is there anything that leads them to change?” 
“Sometimes it is seeing too much war or suffering, and at other times it comes from the influence of a powerful women or trusted mentor.”
“Women have that kind of power?”
“Oh yes, never underestimate the power of women.” He said.
I changed the subject and asked, “Do we need to worry about encountering any dogs of war while we travel?”
“I doubt if there are many left alive. I think the chance of us encountering one is unlikely. If we do, do not run and do not attack. Stay calm and divert your gaze from theirs. You and I have an advantage when it comes to them. Long ago I assisted the dog trainers of Eydlon. They wanted a way for the dogs to know their soldiers from those of the enemy. I grew a special herb for them. It imparts a subtle but unique scent to whomever consumes it. The trainers secretly added it to their soldiers’ food. Only the trainers and I know this secret. We grow the herb in our garden and eat of it regularly.” Explained Eli.
“Is that why when you first took me to your home, the dogs on the road paid us little heed?”
“The dogs of Eyldon ignored us because my food contained the herb, and they will ignore us now if they are not too injured or starving. If you run from them or attack, the scent will be of little help.”
Shortly after we arrived at home, Eli attached a message to one of the caged birds and released it. I went to work on preparing our evening meal. Eli went to bed early. His battle with Janus and the trip home had left him exhausted. I stayed up a little longer and practiced with my jay. I felt free and light as we flew over the tree tops. The weight of vengeance had been lifted from me, yet I seemed to take no real pleasure from Janus’s death.
More than a week had passed before our visitors arrived. It was Lars and two other men I did not know. One was large, taller than Lars by a full head. He was thickly muscled and very powerful. The other man was my size. He was fit and carried himself well. The large man was named Eric and the smaller was Phillip. They spoke a language I did not understand. Eric was from the same village as Lars and Phillip came from a village farther south from theirs. Even though Eric and Phillip could talk to each other, their languages were not exactly the same. Lars and Eric were the descendants of Norsemen who had colonized Normandy, and Phillip was a Frank.
“I have brought two warriors with me to help us train the boy.” Said Lars.
“Excellent.” Replied Eli. “We will start his training tomorrow.”
We started at dawn every day. The first lessons were on the basics: how to hold the weapon, how to stand, and how to move. I had remembered what Lars had taught me years ago, and I learned quickly. They instructed me on the use of the sword, the staff, and the axe. Soon I was sparring. Sparring with Eric was truly frightening. He was huge and swung a battle axe with tremendous speed and power. I soon learned how to maximize my own strengths and advantages when faced with a larger and stronger opponent. Sparring with Phillip was humbling. He was so quick and agile, like a cat. He took great joy in hitting my rear with the flat of his sword anytime that he could flank me. I also sparred with Eli and Lars. My uncle was the best with the staff, and I could learn from no one better. The schedule was grueling. I practiced fundamentals in the morning and sparred in the afternoon. I was sore every day. After a few weeks, I began to hold my own in the sparring matches. They said I learned fast and had some potential as a warrior if I continued to practice and train.
I was now able to understand much of what Eric and Phillip were saying, but my ability to speak their language was very limited. I could now laugh at their jokes even though many were at my expense, but I learned that this was the way it was with warriors. I was amazed at the bond I was forming with these men. Something about the excitement and fear of battle intensified our relationship. Then the time came for them to leave. I was going to miss my new friends. As they were preparing to go, they discovered Eric’s horse had come up lame. It had strained a tendon. I examined the horse and told them I could heal it and that they could leave the next day. They laughed and said that I could try. They were amazed the next day when the horse was fit for travel.
“Our boy has turned out to be quite the healer!” Said Lars.
“He has learned well and his natural talents are greater than I had hoped. He will surpass the both of us.” Said Eli.
Eric wanted to give me a gift for healing his horse. It was a strange curved piece of wood with bits of horn on the ends. I looked at it with a puzzled expression, then he told me it was a bow that he had taken in battle. He strung it for me. With the string on it, it was a beautiful bow, a work of art. Eric shot a few arrows into a tree and then handed me the bow and the quiver of arrows. I nocked an arrow and pulled the string. I could barely draw it half way. Even with that, the arrow flew fast and hit the tree hard. They told me if I practiced often with it, I could become a proficient archer. I thanked Eric for the gift. Now it was time for them to leave, and I wondered when I would see them again.


Chapter 4


Only a few days had passed since Lars and Eric had left when I saw a large group of ravens in the trees about two hundred yards from the house. It was likely something was dead or dying nearby, so I went to investigate. When I got close, I saw it. It was a male dog of war in full armor. He was huge. I was sure my entire head could have fit into its mouth. It was down and struggling to breathe. It was dying from starvation and festering wounds. I slowly backed away and went to fetch Eli. When we arrived, we found the dog had already died. Eli told me to collect the armor and the spiked collar. We were about fifty yards from returning to the house, and there she was. Her armor was similar to that of the male’s, but she was not as large as him. She was extremely underfed, and you could tell she was pregnant.
Eli told me to slowly go to the house and bring back a large bowl of porridge. He said I needed to add five eggs and two cups of goats’ milk to it first and to remember to bring the spoon. He also requested a small wedge of cheese. I went back to the house and made the porridge as instructed. When I returned, I gave him the bowl of porridge with the spoon in it and the wedge of cheese. He took a small bottle from his bag and poured some potion into the bowl. He then stirred it with the spoon while eating some of the cheese, then he gave me some of the cheese to eat as well. “The dominant animal always eats first.” He said. Then looking at the dog, he said in a firm resonant voice, “Sit.” and she did. He slowly walked to her and placed the bowl in front of her. He took three steps back and said, “Eat.” She immediately began consuming the porridge. We kept our distance and did not move. In about a quarter hour, she laid down and fell fast asleep. Eli told me to remove her collar and armor. I was apprehensive, but I trusted my uncle and did as I was told.
“What kind of potion was that?” I asked.
“It is the same one the trainers of Eydlon use when a dog’s injuries require stitching. I brought it to stop the suffering of the one that was dying. We were too late for him. The potion is an effective treatment for pain, but it causes drowsiness and in humans it can affect the memory.”
“Is she a danger to us when she wakens?”
“We and our animals are safe as long as she is fed. Our problems begin if she successfully has her litter.”
“Should we kill her as she sleeps?” I asked.
“No, that would be too risky. Even in her current state, she might revive if danger was sensed.”
“Why didn’t you poison her?” I asked.
“A dog that size is hard to kill with poison. If we were unsuccessful, she would never trust us again, and we would become her enemy. Better to be her friend and wait. Because of their large heads, the birthing of pups can be quite perilous for the mother. In her condition and without human help, her odds for survival are not good. We will just wait and let nature solve our problem.” Said Eli.
For weeks, we continued to feed her. We gave her just enough to keep her from attacking our animals. We supplied her with a large bowl of porridge twice daily. One morning, she wasn’t there. I was sad to think that she had died. I was getting accustomed to her coming around. We really could not afford to feed her, and it would be worse if she had her pups. Still I was curious, and I went looking for her. It did not take me long to find her for I had help from my eyes in the sky.
She had given birth to one pup, and he was nursing. The second pup struggled to be born, but he was stuck. He was ripping his mother apart. She howled in pain. I had some of the trainers’ potion, and I approached her slowly. She growled at me and then she recognized the scent of the potion. She let me pour a small amount into her mouth and then she growled at me again. She did not want me too close and thus I could not help her. She was now bleeding heavily, and the second pup had died only partially born. It did not take her long to bleed out. Now I had a dilemma. One helpless pup had his life in my hands. I took the pup to the house and showed him to Eli.
“So she is dead. Any other pups?” He asked.
“No, but how are you so sure she is dead?”
“If there was a single breath in her, she would not have let you take that pup.”
“I guess so.”
“What are you going to do with it?” He asked.
“I do not know that is why I came to you.”
“I cannot help you. The moment you picked it up, it became your decision, your responsibility.”
“I am deciding to keep it.”
“A big responsibility, you better get very proficient with your bow if you are going to feed a dog of war.”
“First he needs milk.” I said.
“One of the goats will give birth soon. We can see if she will suckle your dog. I will go to the village and attempt find a stray bitch that is nursing pups. He will need a few litter mates if he is to socialize properly.”
“More dogs?” I asked.
“I told you it was a big responsibility.”
The next day Eli left for the village. I stayed at home trying to get some milk into my pup. None of our milking goats would have anything to do him. I was hoping for a greater maternal instinct when our pregnant nanny gave birth. For now, I used a reed tube that I would put into a bowl of milk and then cover the other end with my thumb. Using this pipet to feed him was a slow and tedious task. I was glad when Eli returned. He had found a stray female who was nursing two male pups. Her original litter was probably much larger, but life is hard for strays. It was easy for Eli to acquire her; a little potion tainted food was all that was required.
“She can provide enough milk for him for now, but soon he will be too large for her to accommodate him. We will then need to supplement his feed with goats’ milk.” Stated Eli.
“None of the goats will have anything to do with him. I am hoping the pregnant nanny will adopt him.”
“I know a trick that might make her more accepting of him. Have you thought of a name for your dog?”
“I named him Aries after the Greek god of war.”
“Aries, dog of war. I like it. It seems very appropriate. What about the others?”
“I shall name them after gods as well. The male pups I shall call Thor and Loki, and their mother I shall name Isis.”
Three days later, our nanny gave birth. Eli took some of the afterbirth and rubbed it into Aries’s fur. It worked. With a little coaxing, we could get her to lie down and nurse him. So Aries had two adopted mothers: one dog and one goat. In a week, Aries was larger than both his brothers even though they were weeks older than him. Isis did not like us handling the pups and often had to be given a dose of pain potion in order for us to do so. Both Eli and I spent time with them. They needed to be imprinted to accept humans as their own. Isis never really accepted us, but as the pups grew older, she tolerated us more. Then the time came for the Thor and Loki to be weaned. This was trying for all concerned. Soon Isis tried up, and Aries was not yet weaned. He was now getting most of his milk from the goat, but he thought of Isis as his true mother and was upset when she would no longer nurse him. Isis stayed with us for a few more weeks, and then she disappeared. She was never comfortable around us and probably returned to her life as a stray. Aries was larger and stronger than his brothers, but he was maturing much more slowly. Thor was definitely the dominant pup, and Loki was the most submissive. Aries was satisfied with his place in the middle, at least for now.
The pups were now eating solid food, and we fed them what had fed Isis: porridge with eggs and milk along with other scraps from our table. This would work for a time, but soon I would need to hunt in order to satisfy Aries’s appetite. From the time we acquired the pups, I had been practicing daily with my bow and had become quite skillful. I was also learning to fashion my own arrows. For a while taking hares and other small game near our home sufficed. Aries was growing larger by the day, and I began to have difficulty providing him enough feed from just the small game available. Eli went to the village and purchased several pounds of salt. Our village was not far from the sea, and salt was plentiful. Eli took me into the woods. We headed north for about half of a mile where he found a spot he liked. It was a place where the game trails crossed, and there was plenty of cover nearby. He showed me how to construct a blind. After the blind was built, Eli spread the salt around. He said the salt would attract larger animals like deer. This too only worked for a while, and then I needed to move to another location where game was more plentiful.
As the dogs matured, I started taking them on the hunts. Thor and Loki would herd the animal towards me, and Aries would bring it down after I had shot it. I also used the dogs to help drag our prey back home. They loved the hunt, and we became very proficient at taking deer and boar. My jay also enjoyed the hunt. It helped us scout for game and relished its share of the kill.
Eli had a fair amount of knowledge about the training of dogs for he had learned much during the time he had spent with the trainers of Eydlon. His help was invaluable, especially with Aries. Aries was getting too big and strong to physically dominate, so training him required more skill and expertise. Aries was also very intelligent. He was much smarter than Thor or Loki. He learned faster and could solve problems that baffled his brothers. He was also very intuitive. He would seem to know what I wanted almost before I did, and I was able to teach him many tricks. The most useful one was to jump over the blind at the sound of a whistle. I would have him do this when I wanted him to pounce on game that I had shot. His leap was tremendous, nearly the height of a grown man. His power was truly intimidating, but you could not let him know that. Eli and I had to remain the dominate animals to keep his respect and obedience.
On our ventures into the village, Loki would accompany us. He enjoyed these excursions. Aries and Thor were more than content to stay at home and guard their territory. We knew our home was safe under their vigilance. In the village, Loki would follow Eli everywhere, always two steps behind him. Loki being better fed than most of the village dogs tended to be larger than them. The villagers were surprised we were keeping a dog. We would tell them that we needed the animal to guard our gardens. We never told them about Thor and Aries or that I was poaching in order to feed them.
The laws against poaching were not really being enforced after the fall of Eydlon. The invaders looted the lands, but they had taken such heavy causalities that they were unable to annex them. This created a chaotic vacuum in leadership. Little mini-kingdoms were starting to form. So far, our village had been spared from any would be warlords or those aspiring to become nobility at our expense. It was only a matter of time before some noble consolidated power over our region. As of now, our small village had proved to be insignificant and was mostly ignored. The people liked it that way. Occasionally, out of work soldiers would invade our village and cause trouble. They usually did not stay for very long. There really was not much to loot here, so they would soon be off in search of better pickings. They would also be intimidated by the intense looks Eli would give them when he was there. They could somehow tell by his stare that he had seen battle and was a formidable man.
Officially we were part of Wessex under the rule of Earl Godwin. He was a Saxon even though England was ruled by Harold the Harefoot, the son of Cnut the Great who was a Dane by birth. Cnut had died the year Eydlon had fallen. Godwin wanted power. He wanted himself or his son to ascend to the throne. He focused his attentions on politics: forging alliances, arranging marriages, and pandering to the people of the more populous towns and cities. He also spent much of his resources on his military. Small farming villages like ours were of little concern to him. The nobility could pretty much do what they wanted as long as they swore allegiance to the Earl and did not threaten his position. In fact, he liked them squabbling with each other as long as it did not get too out of hand. These distractions made it harder for any of them to rise to power or form alliances.


Chapter 5


Eli and I needed to go into the village to barter for flour, oil, and other supplies. When we got there, we heard about three soldiers who were in town and claiming it as their own. Their leader was a man named Garrick. He was a strong and experienced leader who had seen many battles. His two followers were also battle hardened, but they were not close to being the man that Garrick was. We were told Garrick was traveling, but his two cohorts were still here. We went about our business and took precautions to avoid trouble. Eli went to the market while I paid James a visit.
James told me that many of the young men looked up to Garrick for they believed he could bring order and protect the village. Garrick was planning to train them and create his own little army. There was no one here strong enough to stand up to Garrick and his men, and they were not going to loot and leave like the others. Garrick had ambitions, and he was going to start them here. Eli had told me that our area could actually be very strategic, especially if it were thought to contain resources of value. Maybe Garrick was also looking at our village from a strategic point of view.
“How does Garrick treat the people?” I asked James.
“Not well. His men steal, and they harass the women. They are not as bad as Janus. They are not evil, just selfish and rude.”
“Are they dangerous?” I asked.
“They can be. They beat up Jane’s father when he came to her defense. They haven’t raped any women, but I think it may yet happen. I don’t think Garrick would allow it, but he isn’t always around and is often not overseeing his men.” Said James.
“Who are with them?”
“As I said, it is mainly the young men. They look up to Garrick, and their numbers are growing. The rest of the people do not like them except for Adel. I believe that she is in love with Garrick.”
“What about you? Are you going to join with Garrick?” I asked.
“I am not sure. I had hoped that it was possible we could get a fair and just leader, but now I am afraid Garrick might be the best available for the present. I hear some villages are being taken over by some real tyrants. Garrick is better than any of them. Eventually one of the more powerful noblemen will annex this region into their realm, but I doubt that will happen any time soon.” Expounded James.
“Maybe Garrick will get better with time after he consolidates power.” I commented.
“I doubt he will, but as I said, he is likely to be temporary.”
“I would not underestimate him. There may be more to him than there seems.”
“You and Eli could step up and lead the village.” Said James.
“Eli has no desire for power and prefers a more solitary life. I lack experience and am still too young.”
“Sometimes fate chooses you. This may be your time.” Said James.
“Why not you, James. You stood up to Janus and survived his dark magic. Then you led the people to kill him by throwing the first stone. They look up to you. You could lead them.” I said.
“I could not have done any of that without your help. If I was better with weapons, you and I could lead this village. Maybe I should join Garrick and work my way up in his regime. Perhaps I could have some influence.”
“Or they may have more influence on you and possibly not for the better.” I said.
“I think I am old enough that they would not change me that much.” Said James.
I then told James of my experiences in training for battle and the bonds that were formed. He was intrigued and wanted me to teach him all that I knew of weapons and combat. We agreed to practice and train together as often as we could. We would need to keep our activities a secret for if we were found out, Garrick would conscript us or be rid of us. Then Eli returned and told us of what he had learned from the talk and gossip at the marketplace.
“Garrick and his two underlings Thom and George have control of the village. Many of the young men are with them, and the rest of the people are indifferent or afraid.” Said Eli.
“That echoes what James has been telling me.”
“This could be a dangerous situation for us. Authoritarian leaders tend not to tolerate free thinkers and men of knowledge. We need to just blend in with everyone else and not draw attention to ourselves.”
We spent the night with James and then headed for home at first light. Eli was greatly concerned about the events that were happening in the village. He could see grave conflicts ahead with many deaths. He told me that if our village remained inconsequential, then it would be annexed by a powerful nobleman with little bloodshed. He was worried Garrick could create a small kingdom with a military capability, and the consequences of that would result in war when the day of annexation arrived.
Eli now tended to spend more time at home while I went to the village on my own to visit James and my other friends. Eli did not know I was training with James. It was the one secret that I kept from him. James was a craftsman with wood and fashioned us practice weapons and shields. After a few months of training, James was catching up to me with his swordsmanship. Our sparring sessions were now quite vigorous, and I no longer had to hold anything back. These matches were now leaving both of us sore and bruised.
It had been three months since Eli had been to the village. Now he needed to deliver some herbs to the village healer and to purchase a few things that he personally wanted to inspect before buying. We went to the village together and of course Loki came with Eli. Eli went to do his errands, and I went to visit James. James was anxious to spar with me. He had been practicing on his own and wanted to test some new moves. This was a great match, and we were getting caught up in it. The sounds of our activities drew the attention of Thom as he was walking by. He peered through the window and saw us. He called for George, and they barged into the house.
“You boys have skills.” Said Thom.
“You will make a good addition to our forces.” Said George.
They took us to the village square to be inspected by Garrick. He was in another part of the village, but was expected shortly. Eli saw us being taken and came to collect me.
“What do you want old man?” Asked Thom.
“This is my nephew, and I need him at home.”
“He belongs us now.” Thom said.
Eli grabbed me and tried to leave. Thom drew his sword and swung at Eli. Eli evaded the blow and threw a powder into Thom’s eyes. Thom screamed in pain and brought his hands to his face. George then drew his sword and headed towards Eli. I reached down and picked up Thom’s weapon and was ready to do battle. Loki bit the back of George’s leg. George brought his sword down upon him, crushing his ribs and creating a fearful gash. I stood next to Eli with my sword readied.
Looking across the square, I saw him. Garrick was riding towards us with sword drawn. Then his horse reared up and threw him to the ground. The animal thought it saw a viper ready to strike its foreleg. Garrick was riding the wrong horse, my warhorse. The horse ran off, and Garrick rose shaking off the fall. He came towards us and engaged Eli. I wielded my sword against George.
We were all well matched. George was surprised by the skill and fierceness of my attack. George had a major advantage. He had experienced combat and had been in life or death situations many times. He knew what really worked in the field and what did not. Eric and Phillip had trained me well, but they had not shown me all the tricks. There just was not enough time to do so. George appeared to have left me an opening, and I took it. I attacked low. It was a mistake. I succeeded in crushing his lower leg, the one that had been bitten. George was accustom to going into battle wearing armor and if that had been the case, I would have inflicted little damage. Simultaneous with my swing, George thrust his sword and nearly ran me through. I turned quickly and the blade slid against my ribs, cutting flesh and muscle. It burned like hot metal. George screamed in pain for the bone was severely broken. He shifted all his weight onto the other leg. I tried to ignore the pain of my wound and with one loud scream, I raised my sword and pommeled George between the eyes. He fell to the ground unconscious, then I fell to my knees with his sword still in me. I slowly pulled it from my body. Eli and Garrick were still locked in combat, and I was unable to help. I could only watch.
Eli’s staff inflicted hard blows to Garrick’s body, but he was armored with a vest of mail and had a resilient constitution. The fight drew a crowd. Garrick knew if he was defeated by a gray haired man, he would lose the respect of the young men. This motivated him to fight harder. Their battle intensified. I had never seen Eli move like that, not even in his battle with Janus was he this impressive. I believed he had prepared himself for this moment that he may have considered to be inevitable. The crowd was awed by the spectacle. They had never seen such skill and strength as was demonstrated by their combat. Eli violently struck Garrick to the face with a short thrust and spun around to deliver a finishing blow. Garrick was not as stunned as Eli had thought and moved to the inside running Eli through. They were locked together, staring into the other’s eyes. Garrick stepped back withdrawing his sword from Eli. I looked on in horror as Eli fell to his knees. Garrick was preparing to deliver the death blow when he looked down to see Eli’s dagger protruding from his belly. Eli had driven it through the mail up to the hilt. Then Garrick dropped his sword and fell to his knees.
Adel and some of the young men ran from the crowd to aid Garrick. I struggled to get to Eli and then James came to our aid. With his help, we got Eli and Loki onto our cart and then James assisted me up. I took the pain potion from Eli’s pouch and gave some to Loki, then I offered some to Eli. He refused. Loki was dying and would not survive the trip home. I was worried that Eli wouldn’t make it either. I had not brought my healing potions with me on this trip. Even if I had, I could not focus intensely enough to use them with the pain I was suffering. After we put some distance between us and the village, I stopped the cart. I didn’t have my potions, but there were plants growing along the road that could help. I made a poultice for Eli and dressed both of our wounds. Loki was beyond help for he had died. The trip home was difficult, and I almost passed out a time or two. After arriving at our house, I was able to assist Eli to his bed. I applied another poultice to his wound and then sat down in a chair. Sleep overtook me, and I did not awake until morning. When I awoke, Eli was attending my wounds. He was completely healed, but he looked ancient and moved like a frail old man.
“How?” I asked.
“It takes a lot of vital energy to heal such a severe wound. You now see me as closer to my true age. I have much to tell you and not a lot of time. I am not truly your uncle. There is no blood relation between us. I was your grandfather’s mentor. He fell in love with your grandmother and took the path of a family man. He saw your gifts when you were very young, and called me to visit and examine you. I was saddened greatly when he and his wife died. I was often checking on you, even if you did not notice me or my friends. When I heard you were to be orphaned, I was duty bound to collect you. I am truly sorry for my deceit, but I deemed it necessary at the time. You were getting close to the age where I was going to reveal all, but now that decision has been thrust upon me. I hope you will forgive me.”
“Was I ever family to you?” I asked.
“Oh yes, you were the son I never had. I love you dearly.”
“How old are you?”
“You would not believe me if I told you.”
“I need to know.”
“I am one hundred and thirty seven years old.”
“My God, how it that possible?”
“I thought I would have time to teach you these secrets. Now I will only be able to give you the keys and the texts. You will have to discover them on your own, and I have no doubt that you will. With this knowledge and your powers, you are likely to live much longer than I have.” Said Eli.
“You talk as if you are dying.”
“I am dying. I have but a few weeks maybe a month. I will spend all of it teaching you my secrets. I sent a message to Lars. He should be here within a week.”
Under Eli’s care, I healed quickly. When I was moving well, he showed me his secret place where his most precious volumes and objects were hidden. I examined them with care. All that was hidden there appeared to be very old, probably far older than Eli. He told me that they had been passed down from master to apprentice for many generations.
“Never show these to anyone not even Lars.” He said.
“Why have I never seen these?”
“You were not ready. Some of these would get you burned by the Church. They are much afraid of these teachings and believe they have been successful in eradicating them. These were hidden for your protection, but now they are yours.”
“I am not ready for this.” I said.
“You are ready. I have the greatest confidence in you. You are a man now and have learned much. I am still here to teach what you need to know, and Lars will be here soon. Together we will initiate you to another level. Then you will be on a par with us, taking knowledge and magic as far as your abilities will allow. I believe you will surpass all of us and be the greatest of your generation. I do have one request of you. After I die, capture my remnant. It should enhance your powers and assist in your learning. Do not tell Lars or let him catch you harvesting it.”
“You do not trust Lars?” I asked.
“I trust him for most things. Where he lives is a mixing ground of Franks and the descendants of Norsemen like Lars. Orthodox Christians are consolidating power there, but the old traditions are still very strong. For the Norse, one of those traditions involves the warriors getting drunk and telling stories. This is expected for all male warriors regardless of how educated or enlightened they may be. Do you understand my concern?”
“I think so. Under the influence of drink, Lars may inadvertently reveal a secret during one of these sessions.”
“Yes, and there are enough people that fear or hate such things as to present a danger.”
“Speaking of dangers, do you believe Garrick survived the wound you inflicted upon him?”
“He might well have, his constitution was very robust. Do not judge him harshly for he was just coming to the aid of his men.”
“If he lives, I will not be able to return to the village.” I said.
“I suggest that you leave with Lars and go live with him in Normandy. I am sure he would welcome you.”
“I shall think on it” I said.
“You won’t have much time to decide.”
“I know. The man you blinded, will he regain his sight?”
“His eyes are permanently damaged, but he should regain some sight. The man you battled is most likely crippled for life and may seek vengeance against you.”
“Another reason for me to stay away from the village.”
“His type of injuries are slow to heal. It will be months before you need worry about him. If you are feeling up to it, we have some sad work to do.”
We took Loki’s body off the cart and buried him. Thor and Aries seemed to grieve the loss of their brother. They did not eat, and they howled mournfully. It took a full week for them to get over it, then their appetites were extreme. Luckily we had a surplus of dried meat and raw hide from the game I had killed. I would soak it in warm water and added cooked vegetables and roots to make it go farther.
Eli was trying to teach me all of his secrets in the time he had left. I studied hard and practiced constantly. The lessons were confusing and the techniques complex. He said that I was doing fine and that he did not expect me to learn years of knowledge in a few weeks.
Lars arrived ten days after our battle in the village. He had been away at a gathering when Eli’s message had arrived. The message had told him to come urgently, but gave no details. He came as quickly as was possible. He was initially shocked by Eli’s appearance. He knew that Eli was very old for his grandfather had also been Eli’s pupil. He kept looking at Eli as if he was no longer the person whom he had known.
“What happened to you, old man?” Asked Lars.
“I was mortally wounded. It took most of my vital energy to heal. Now I shall die from the effects of my advanced age.” Answered Eli.
Then Aries came around a corner, and Lars saw him for the first time.
“My god, what is that beast!” He shouted.
“This is Aries. He is a war dog from the line of Eydlon. I raised him from a pup.” I said.
“A dog of Eydlon, I thought them to be a myth. This is no myth. How do you feed such an animal?”
“I hunt. The bow Eric gave me has been invaluable.” I answered.
“Destiny! The universe knew you would have need of it. This dog will be very important in your life.” Lars proclaimed.
Eli approached Lars and handed him a book. Lars looked at him with surprise and gratitude.
“What a gift! Should not this be the boy’s?” He said.
“He has read it and has his own copy.” Said Eli.
“This is very advanced for him.” Said Lars.
“He will learn more every time he studies it. It may take years for him to fully comprehend its wisdom. I hope you will be there to aid him.” Said Eli.
“Thank you. I shall gladly assist the boy in all that I can.” Lars said.
“My time is short. Help me give the boy the final keys to our world. First you need to rest and eat. Hospitality first, work second.” Said Eli.
I went to prepare food. We ate and talked into the night. We told Lars about Garrick and our altercation with him. Lars had traveled through the village on his way to us. He knew that Garrick was still alive and was expected to fully recover. He had heard rumors that Garrick was still planning to build an army when he was again able bodied. Eli told Lars that I should travel with him to Normandy. Lars agreed and invited me to come live with him. I was still undecided. My life was here; my friends were here. Lars said the invitation was always open.
The next day, I was given my final initiation. The potion was bitter, and I was nauseous for a short time. Then my world expanded. Eli and Lars were chanting and projecting energy into my vital centers. I now had a new way to perceive the world. Reality is not as it appears. In the days that followed, I continued to study intensely and with the help of my mentors, I gained great insights. It seemed as if I had time for nothing but study. Eli was rushing me; he had a great sense of urgency. Then it happened, Eli was dying. It was very fast; he became weak and within an hour his spirit left his body. I was deeply saddened. He was my uncle, and I loved him. I could see the grief in Lars’s eyes. He had known Eli his entire life.
I got Lars to give me some time alone with Eli’s body. I could sense Eli’s presence, and I could see his remnant. I unsealed a new bottle of potion and guided his subtle body into it. As Eli had said, once a magical ability has been obtained one always has it at their disposal. After I said my goodbyes, we took Eli’s body and burned it. The next morning, Lars scattered his ashes to the wind.
Lars stayed for another week. During that time, Thor became quite attached to him. I sensed it was his way of coping with the loss of Eli. Lars wanted me to come to Normandy, but I had decided to stay for now. He said I would always welcome in his home, and he gave me a map to his village. He also gave me two homing birds. When he was getting ready to go, he offered to take Thor with him. He said he could use the company and that I did not need the extra mouth to feed. I agreed. I was sad to see them leave for I would miss them.


Chapter 6


I now focused my attention on my studies. I took breaks only to hunt and care for the livestock. One day, I was frustrated over some particular obtuse verses. Try as I might, I could not decipher them and grasp their deeper meaning. I wished Eli was here to help me. I wondered if his essence possessed any of his wisdom or experience. I put a few drops of the potion that contained his remnant into a cup of water and drank it. I meditated for a while and then returned to my studies. I could feel Eli’s presence with me. Now the verse that had so troubled me unveiled its wisdom. It was if I was relearning it rather than figuring it out for the first time. This was a great discovery. In the days ahead, I was learning at an accelerated pace. Insights came more rapidly, and I was becoming competent with knowledge and techniques that were well beyond my abilities only a short time ago. Even my prowess with the staff and other weapons seemed to be enhanced.
Eventually I needed to go to the village. There were supplies that I required, and I wished to visit James. I donned a disguise and left in the early morning. I stopped a little less than a mile from the village and secured my horse in a place where it would not easily be seen. Then I walked to the village, staying off the main road as much as possible. Arriving there, I stealthily made my way to James’s house. He was glad to see me. I told him Eli had died. That saddened him greatly. He blamed himself. He said that if we had not been sparring that day, none of it would have happened. I told him it was not his fault. I told him that I believed Eli had been preparing for a confrontation with Garrick. Eli had a great sense of the inevitable. James then told me how Garrick and his men had fared after our battle. Garrick had recovered and was now as strong as ever. Thom could only see colors and vague shapes. He could no longer recognize faces. George had lost his leg at the knee and was still healing.
“Do you believe they would recognize me?” I asked James.
“George would, I am not sure about Garrick. They would need to get a close look at you with that disguise of yours.”
“Do you know where they are now?” I asked.
“George is here in the village. He is still healing and rarely gets out of bed. Garrick and Thom are traveling. They left in search of armor and weapons for their new recruits. Garrick almost lost the confidence of the young men after your battle, but it was regained when they saw how fast he recovered.” James recounted.
“I need to go barter for some supplies. If George sees me, there is little he could do. The rest of the young men respect me and many are our friends, but I will need to leave before Garrick returns. Do you know which direction he went?”
“He took the main road north, but I do not know which fork he took at the crossroads.” James said.
“If Garrick is successful and arms the young men, then he is here to stay.” I said.
“I believe that as well. I wish he was a more just leader. I think the people will suffer under his reign.”
“Should we revolt against him while he is basically alone?” I said.
“We are good fighters, but we are no match for Garrick. I think he could easily take us both at once.” Responded James.
“I believe we would have a better chance than you think.” I insinuated.
“First, I would need a sword, and we have no armor.” Said James.
“I have two swords: Thom’s and Janus’s. Eli had some mail put away. We could use it to make armor.”
“We would need to do that before Garrick returns. If he arms the young men before we confront him, it could get very ugly. I don’t think we have the time to fashion armor.”
“Are you afraid to do this?” I asked.
“Yes. I am also unsure who would rise to replace him. Things could get much worse.”
“That may be true, but if Garrick controls the village, I will need to leave. If I stayed, I would be conscripted or more likely I would be killed. Either outcome is unacceptable to me.”
“I know I am likely to be conscripted.” Said James.
“Is that acceptable to you?”
“I could deal with it, if it happens.” He said.
“I am going to stop him.” I said.
“You’ll be killed.”
“You underestimate me.”
“That might be true, but Garrick is a dangerous man. He was able to kill Eli! Can’t I talk you out of it?”
“I’ll think about it. I could go to Normandy. One of Eli’s friends lives there. He would take me in.” I said.
“I would miss you, but that may be the best course of action.” Said James.
“I need to go. I have errands I need to complete. This may be the last time I see you.”
We hugged, and I left to gather my supplies. It did not take me long to finish my business. Then I exited the village as stealthily as I had entered it and went to retrieve my horse. I summoned my jay, and we scouted the road ahead making sure that I would not unexpectedly encounter Garrick. Thinking of that man made me angry. At my stage of training, I should have been able to let it go and remain centered, but I could not. He had killed Eli, and now he was forcing me to leave my friends. I was going to stop him, and I knew how.
After I arrived home, I continued to scout the roads. To keep the Jay from getting bored, I planted the suggestion that there were shiny things to be found. Jays like shiny things. Weapons and armor are shiny. On the third day, we saw them. Garrick and Thom were on their way back. Garrick was on horseback, and Thom drove the cart. Their cart was full of shiny things. They were far enough out that I would have no problem heading them off. I was ready. I took my bow and sword and went out to meet them.
I chose my place of ambush and hid in wait off the side of the road. When they came around the bend, I let my first arrow fly. It hit Thom in the head. He was wearing a helmet that saved his life, but he fell off the cart and his head hit a rock. He was knocked unconscious. I shot a second, this time at Garrick. He deflected it with his shield. I dropped my bow and drew my sword as I stepped into the middle of the road. Garrick drew his sword and charged towards me. This time he was on a new horse. I raised my blade and watched him come. As he grew closer, I could feel the fear swell within me, but I stood my ground. He was almost upon me when I blew the whistle I wore around my neck. With perfect timing, a giant mass bolted from the cover along the side of the road. Aries leaped with the grace of a cat, clearing the horse and slamming into Garrick’s chest with great force, taking the both of them to the ground. Aries landed on Garrick, crushing him. The sound of Garrick’s ribs breaking was nauseating. You could hear the air hiss as it was squeezed from his lungs. I called Aries to my side. We stared a Garrick’s body lying motionless on the ground. Then there was movement. He had survived what would have killed most men. He struggled to his feet barley able to stand; blood was dripping from his mouth and nose. He looked at me and then at Aries.
“A dog of war, how?” He gasped.
“I saved him when he was a pup. You underestimated me. With him as an ally, you had no chance.”
Garrick was unable to hold his sword or shield. He pulled a dagger from his belt. It was Eli’s blade. “Let us finish this.” He said. Seeing Eli’s blade raised my anger. I attacked with my sword easily disarming him, then I pommeled him to the forehead, and he fell unconscious to the ground. I retrieved Eli’s blade and placed it in my belt and then I directed my sword to Garrick’s throat. I was ready to avenge Eli when a wave of calm overtook me. It was as if Eli was calming me and counselling me against revenge. I remembered consuming his essence; some of Eli was always with me. I could not kill the helpless Garrick.
Garrick’s fate was uncertain for his injuries were severe. He would most likely die soon without my help. I pondered who would take his place. Garrick was a strong charismatic leader and a powerful warrior. If he had been a man for the people, putting their interests first, James and I would have supported him. I wondered if I could be that influential advisor who could turn Garrick into a great and beloved leader. Bold action was required. The risks were high, but I had no choice. I was compelled to act. I gave Garrick some pain potion. This would affect his memory. Then I pulled the bottle containing Anne’s essence from my pocket. I often kept her with me for I enjoyed feeling her presence. It was time to let her go. Part of her would always be with me. I took a sip of the potion, then sprinkled a little on my hands; the rest I gave to Garrick. I rubbed my hands together and then placed them on him, one on his forehead and the other over his heart. Soon he was healed, and I felt fine, no fatigue. I gave Garrick another dose of the pain potion.
I gave Thom some of the pain potion as well and lifted him into the back of the cart. Then I removed Garrick’s armor and placed him at the front of the cart. He was a heavy man. It took nearly all my strength to lift him. After collecting my bow and retrieving Garrick’s armor and weapons, I took the reins of the cart and headed towards the village. In less than a mile, we met up with Garrick’s horse. I tied the beast to the cart and then resumed traveling. After another mile or two, Garrick began to regain consciousness.
“Who are you?” He asked, while he stared at me with a look of suspicion.
“I am the one who saved your life.” I answered him. I could feel his mind churning. He had trouble remembering and was confused. I used our connection to plant strong suggestions that he could trust me.
“Saved my life from what?” He asked.
“Bandits. You fought valiantly, but there were too many of them. When I came to your aid, they fled.” I could sense him trying to remember, but the effects of the pain potion and my mental influence were preventing him.
“They fled from you? I think not.”
I pointed to Aries, who was walking beside the cart. Seeing the massive beast startled him.
“Now I believe you. A dozen bandits would have ran away at the sight of that war dog. Where did you get him?” He asked.
“I rescued him as a pup. His mother died giving birth to his litter mates. He is a war dog of Eydlon; none are better.” I boasted.
“Does he obey you?”
“He is well trained and very smart.”
“I can use a young man of your skills in my new kingdom. Anyone who can control such a beast has my respect.”
“I will consider your offer. I am a learned man, wise beyond my years. I could be a valued advisor.”
“I will give you a chance to prove your claim.” Said Garrick.
“Agreed.” I said.
We continued forth to the village. When we got there, I took Thom to the village healer. Garrick greeted the young men, who were impressed by the weapons and armor he had acquired. While Garrick worked the crowd, I went to see James. James was glad to see me, but he was confused when he had seen me enter the village with Garrick. I explained that Garrick and I had come to an understanding. I told James I had gained Garrick’s trust and was now his advisor. James had a hard time getting his head around this. He wondered how I could now befriend the man who had killed Eli.
“Revenge is a road to nowhere. Isn’t that what Eli said? I have to think about what is good for the people of this village.”
“You now believe that Garrick will be a good leader for the people?” Asked James.
“With me advising him, I think he will be.” I said.
“How did you win him over?” James asked.
I pointed to Aries in the village square. There was a crowd of people staring at him, but they were all keeping their distance. “How do you like my dog?” I asked.
“My god, where did you get such a beast?”
I told James of how I came to have a dog of war and how Eli and I had trained him. I then explained that Garrick respected my ability to control such a powerful animal and that was how I became his advisor. James was still a bit confused. I did not think him ready for the complete truth, and I did not wish to put us both at risk with that information. I asked James to trust me and that I wanted him to join me in supporting Garrick. He agreed.
“Why did you keep your war dog a secret?” Asked James.
“Eli said we should keep his existence quiet. If people knew we had a dog of war, it would draw unwanted attention.”
“Why let Garrick know now?”
“I was planning to avenge Eli and changed my mind at the last minute. After Garrick saw him, I needed to come up with a new plan.”
“You really believe that you can turn Garrick into a good and just leader?”
“I do.”
“Alright, I am with you.” Said James.
“Would you like to meet Aries?”
We went to the square where I introduced James to Aries. He petted the massive dog on the head. Aries accepted him. He could feel that I liked James, so he was going to like James too. Then Garrick called to me. I took James to see him.
“This is my friend James. He wishes to join us.” I said.
“Can he fight?” Asked Garrick.
“He is good with a sword and is a skilled worker of wood.” I answered.
“Good, we can use him.” Said Garrick.


Chapter 7


The years passed, and Garrick with the help of my guidance became a just and beloved leader. He had married the lovely Adel, and she had given him a son. James also had wed, and his wife Mary was now with child. Garrick had unified the surrounding lands that had constituted much of Eydlon. His capital was our village. Eli was right; the location of our village was very defensible. To the east and west of us was marsh and to the south was the sea. Garrick had commissioned a wall built to the north of the village that ran east and west where the high land between the marshes was at its narrowest. It ran all the way to the marshes and beyond. No army of armed men or cavalry could flank us. The wall was fashioned from logs sunk vertically into the ground, like trees. It was very strong and attained a height of over thirty feet above the ground. In the event of a siege, we could draw upon the resources from the lands to the south.
We had a standing army of over three hundred men. In addition, we had nearly a hundred archers who were under my command. James was my second. James was now a skilled maker of bows. He had copied many of the characteristics from the bow Eric had given me. His bows were of high quality and great power, and we had arrows capable of piercing chainmail armor.
Garrick was obsessed with bringing back the war dogs of Eydlon. Their reputation had kept the peace for many decades, and he desired the security of that reputation. War dogs were often the currency of nobles, given as gifts to secure friendship and favors. Garrick wanted them for that purpose as well, though he would never give away his best dogs. He was not one for letting go of an advantage that he had acquired.
We had Aries for our sire, but there were few bitches large enough to which he could be bred. Garrick through some very clever trading was able to procure some large dogs from Ireland. These dogs were almost as tall and long as Aries, but they did not possess his build or large maul. Their coats were long with hair that curled. The new dogs were unable to deliver the large headed pups by themselves, and often it was necessary to cut the womb. My healing abilities were able to save most of the animals after the surgery. We had successfully reared many litters and the resulting breed was large, strong, and quite fierce, but they were still not equal to Aries. It would take a long time to restore the line of Eydlon.
Garrick’s son was named Richard. He was now four years old and in time he would become my pupil. He was bright and curious. I was genuinely fond of him and so was Aries. He and Aries had established a strong bond. It was a little unsettling to watch a small child playing with such an enormous animal. Aries was gentle and enjoyed every minute he spent with the boy. Garrick thought there could be no better protector for his son.
King Cnut had died in 1035 AD, the year Eydlon had fallen. His son Harold the Harefoot inherited the throne. His ascension to power was chaotic and throughout his reign, his control over the nobility was tenuous. As always Earl Goodwin was playing politics, trying to extend his influence while neglecting the day to day rule of Wessex. An ambitious and ruthless noble named Cedric was gaining power in a region to the north of us. He had married Earl Godwin’s second cousin and had sworn allegiance to the Earl. Thus the Earl was not concerned much about Cedric’s land grabs as long as he did not grow to the point of becoming a threat. Cedric had set his sights on the lands to his south and wished to annex all the lands that had once been under the control of the Lord of Eydlon. His army numbered over a thousand and was well equipped. He had no ships or access to the sea, but if he attacked us with the full force of his army, we would not be able to hold.
Cedric had been annexing the lands to the north of our village with little bloodshed. The mere threat of his forces had been enough to secure them. He had also claimed and annexed lands that were previously under our banner. Cedric wanted all of the lands that were once Eyldon’s, and he saw us and our military capabilities as an obstacle to his ambitions. Cedric sent us a delegation for he wished to negotiate first and save costly resources. I was Garrick’s chief advisor, and it was my task to size up the delegation and determine the intent of their visit. We needed to play this very carefully in order to avert war. When they came, I made sure that Aries was very visible. I was hoping to suggest that if we had one war dog of Eydlon, perhaps we had many. You do not have to appear unconquerable, only that you could inflict an unacceptable amount of damage if attacked. The memory of Eydlon was still fresh with them. Her attackers had underestimated her, and it had cost them dearly even though they had won. I planned to use that memory to my advantage.
One of our visitors seemed by his appearance to be of slight importance, but his guise was a deception. I saw through this façade the moment I looked into his eyes. He was like Eli and I, a learned man probably skilled in the subtle arts. He stayed in the background assessing our capabilities and resolve. During negotiations, we made offers of an alliance, but they wanted our lands to be under the control of Lord Cedric. The talks started to really break down when the discussion moved to the topics of taxes and governing. Cedric wanted to be the absolute ruler, and Garrick wanted more autonomy. Our quiet visitor carefully studied Garrick looking for strengths and weaknesses. He also took an interest in me after observing me advising Garrick.
During periods of less formal socializing, he made it a point to converse with me. I knew this man’s report would determine if we would go to war, so I guarded my words. I would casually comment on the high skill of our archers and the loyalty of our soldiers. I would also maneuver close to Aries and demonstrate the effortless control I had over this beast. He was definitely uncomfortable being around the dog, and I used that to my advantage. If you can throw your adversary off balance, victory is more likely.
I carefully observed this man and the others in Cedric’s delegation. I also spied on them with my jay when they were in their private chambers. It is easy to hear what the bird hears, but interpreting language through it does take practice. I was now fully competent in this ability. When the delegation left, Garrick thought the outcome of the deliberations were better than he had expected. I was of the opposite opinion and told him that we needed to prepare for war. He heeded my advice.
It did not take long for us to have our answer. A messenger came giving us Cedric’s ultimatum: If we surrendered our lands, Garrick, his family, and his commanders were free to leave and live in exile. Garrick did not trust Cedric to keep his word, and neither did I. We deliberated long and hard. We could escape to the sea, but that would leave the people without leadership and virtually unprotected. Garrick consulted representatives chosen by the people. The people had tasted rule where there was dignity and justice, and they knew that under Cedric they would be treated as property, and their lives would be much harder. They were willing to fight and die to keep what they had. We decided to defend our lands. There was no chance of victory, but if we could make it too costly perhaps Cedric would relent.
We took in as many people as we could from the lands north of us and prepared for a siege. I fashioned a poison for our arrows. Even a scratch would cause the vision to blur; a puncture would result in fatigue and eventual death. Two hundred yards out from the wall was the maximum effective range of our archers. Years ago we had dug a trench at that range. It was greater than the average man’s height in depth and almost three arm spans wide. We had filled it with tinder and tar, and you could not tell by looking at it or even walking on it. Where the road crossed it, it was reinforced with a wooden bridge that would also catch blaze. On our side of the trench was our kill zone. If we could draw enough of Cedric’s forces onto our side of the trench, we could trap them there with fire and rain down hell with poison arrows.
Every day I put my jay in the air to search for Cedric’s army. When I saw them, they were a little less than two days out. I reported to Garrick that my scouts had seen Cedric’s army, and I gave him their last known location. He wondered how they got the information to me so quickly. I told him that we had used a bird. Garrick was familiar with homing birds and did not question me further. When Cedric’s troops arrived, we were ready. Garrick had stationed fifty men outside the wall and left our gate open. Cedric saw this and thought Garrick a fool. He then sent a large portion of his force to overrun us. When his front line was nearly upon our men, they encountered our deception. We had camouflaged a funnel using rocks and other fixtures and had scattered four prong spikes in their path. These spikes would always have a point upright for them to step upon. These measures gave our men the ability to fight their way back to the gate. When they got behind the wall, we closed the gate behind them. We had lost less than half of these fifty brave men. As this was happening, we set fire to the trench.
The fire spread rapidly, and our archers started their slaughter. James and I were on the wall. I remember when my arrow struck and killed a man. This was the first human life I had ever taken. I felt sick and did not want to kill again, but this was war. I sucked it up and continued to fire. We commanded our archers to concentrate their arrows on the men near the trench and then to work their way back towards the wall. When the enemy realized the trap, they tried to retreat, but it was too late. The kill zone was littered with the dead of our enemy, not one would survive. There was a great stench of smoke, blood and death rising in the air. The horror of war, it attacked your senses. When most of the enemy soldiers were dead or wounded, Garrick released the dogs and sent our men to kill all who remained. He wanted them to taste battle to prepare them for what was to come. The fire burned for over two days, which allowed us to go out to retrieve our arrows and collect the armor and weapons of our enemy.
Finally the fire subsided, and the smoke began to clear. Cedric was shocked when he gazed out to see over four hundred of his men dead and nothing gained. He now saw the trench as a barrier that he would have to build bridges across if he wished to continue his assault. We had hoped that Cedric would desire no further losses and leave. He did not. This was now more a matter of reputation for him. To continue this war would cost him more than he would gain from the victory, but in his mind, appearing weak was even more expensive.
Cedric waited and planned for days. Then his men started to construct bridges over the trench. We harassed them with our arrows. They began to work more at night to keep their casualties low. When the bridges were complete, they amassed and prepared to breach our wall with ladders. Garrick did not want to wait for them to attack; he wanted to take the fight to them. He would leave two thirds of the archers on the wall along with some men on the ground armed with pikes that could be thrust between the gaps in the logs to defend against the enemy breaching our fortification. Then he armed as much of the citizenry as possible with what we had taken from the enemy; they would stay behind the wall as the last defense. Garrick would lead the rest of his men in an attack on Cedric’s forces as they tried to cross their bridges. First he would let slip our dogs of war. We had over thirty that were ready for battle. They were large, fierce, and armored. Garrick hoped that they would create chaos and panic allowing him to hold the bridges longer and kill more of Cedric’s men. He meant to make the cost of Cedric’s victory as high as possible.
Our fate was sealed. Our only hope was if Garrick could kill Cedric. That was highly unlikely for Cedric tended not to lead his men in battle. He chose to stay on the high ground and observe. There he could oversee the battle and make adjustments as necessary. It was a thinking man’s approach likely taught to him by his advisor. Garrick wanted me to get his family to safety. I did not know if this was his idea or one that I had put into his mind, but it was our consensus. 
I placed my books and other valuable possessions into packs and onto a small cart. Aries would pull the cart and carry some of the packs. I gathered Adel and Richard. I also invited James to leave with me. He agreed and went to collect his wife. So the five of us plus Aries left that night and headed for the sea. I had a boat hidden there, and it was well provisioned. I had always had the backup plan to sail to Normandy and join Lars. We needed to wait for the tide to get high and then we set sail.


Chapter 8


The channel separating England from Normandy would take us two days to cross, then we would follow the coast until we came to the river on Lars’s map. My jay was still at the village observing the battle. Garrick was holding the bridges; he and his men fought valiantly. Most of the dogs were now on Cedric’s side of the trench raising havoc. Some were in the trench, and they would tear apart any enemy soldier that entered or fell into their midst. I called the jay back to me. I would need its assistance to navigate and to avoid the potential hazards that we could encounter.
When the winds were with us, we would use the sail. When they were not, James and I would take to the oars. After crossing the channel, we travelled along the coast and passed rivers that did not have the landmarks that were on the map. Finally there it was; the river that matched the map. We headed up stream. Sometimes we could row against the current; at other times, Aries and I would get out and tow the boat as we walked along the shore. Progress was slow. From the air I had seen several villages, but the landmarks did not match. I sent my jay further upstream to scout. Finally I saw the cliffs that were on the map, but they looked more like very steep embankments where the river had cut through a higher section of land. They rose about thirty feet above the water. I could also see the village that was a mile or so upstream from them. This also agreed with the map that Lars had given me. We would be there soon. After we reached the cliffs, there was a bend in the river. We continued on and put ashore on a sandy beach that was also shown on the map. I could now see the village with my own eyes. It was about two under yards from the river, up a gentle grade.
Almost as soon as we put ashore, we were set upon by armed men on horseback. They did not appear to be friendly as they had their weapons drawn. Aries was becoming agitated. I settled him. I called out Lars’s name. Two of the men looked at each other. I presumed Lars to be a fairly common name here. I did not know the name of Lars’s father, so I took a chance and called out for Lars friend of Eli. The older men seemed to remember Eli and sent a rider to the village. Soon I saw Lars riding towards us. He was happy to see me and gave me a hug. The armed men relaxed as I introduced Lars to my companions.
“The tyrant Lord Cedric has invaded our lands forcing us to flee.” I said to Lars.
“No matter the reason, I am glad to have you here. Events in Normandy are in flux, and I could use your assistance.” He said.
We pulled our craft further onto the beach and then headed to the village. We ate, drank and talked. Aries found Thor. Their reunion was joyous. They ran and chased each other all around the village. The people here had some large dogs, but nothing to compare to Aries. Even the strongest warriors seemed to be intimidated by him.
Lars told me of the local politics. Normandy had been in a state of chaos ever since the death of Duke Robert. His bastard son William had inherited the duchy, but he was too young and inexperienced to consolidate power. “Someday if he survives, he might restore order, but we have to contend with conditions as they present themselves.” Said Lars. He continued telling me of how diverse Normandy was and how that made it difficult to create alliances. Learned men were gathering, trying to formulate solutions to the problem. There was hope. Many of these men held positions of influence as advisors to powerful noblemen. He said that we as learned men could be instrumental in bringing about unity and stability. I agreed and told him that I would help with all of my abilities, but that my first priority was to mentor Garrick’s son. Lars concurred that passing on our knowledge was important, but said that we also had a responsibility to engage in the world as it presents itself in order to aid in creating the best possible outcomes.
Our new village was fairly large and teaming with activity. Many of the people here were tall and fair like Lars. There was a church in the center, and they had three priests. All the people claimed to be Christian, but many still clung to the traditions of their ancestors. It was a strange mixing. The priests and the Church tolerated these practices at least for the time being. We were a little out of place. We were smaller in stature than most, and we had yet to learn the language. I could understand what was said from my time with Eric and Phillip, but my confidence in speaking would take time to develop.
Three months after we had arrived at our new home, Lars and I took a trip to a village that lie to the south of ours. There was to be a gathering of the learned. Men from all over Normandy and France attended. There were also participants coming from much farther away and learned women as well. Most of the time was centered on the politics of the day, but these gatherings were for more than that. This was a place where the learned could exchange knowledge and trade books. I met some Christian mystics who had traveled north from a land called Languedoc. They had gnostic texts for trade that I wanted to add to my collection. They wanted only Christian and other gnostic writings in exchange. I had copies of the Gospel of Thomas and the Gospel of Phillip that I had translated into Latin from Eli’s Greek copies, but I had not brought them with me to the gathering. They had copies of the Gospel of Mary and the Revelations of Mani that were in Greek. I arranged for them to come to our village after the gathering so to complete our transaction.
I enjoyed meeting others who had esoteric knowledge. This opened my eyes to how much more there was to learn. The gatherings took place once or twice a year and their location varied. Solutions to the political problems of Normandy were elusive, but that was to be expected given the complexity of the issues. It was agreed to meet again around the same time the following year. It was hoped that a consensus would eventually emerge and with it a plan for unity and peace.
As we traveled home with our guests from the south, I wondered if there were any learned men meeting this way in England. I guess that I was getting a little homesick. When we arrived at our village, I completed the trade with my new friends. They were able to stay a few days with us and enjoy our hospitality. They read to us strange creation stories from their gnostic texts. We then debated if God was good, bad, or neither. They believed that an advanced spiritual being who erroneously believed that he was the creator of all, created the material universe. They believed that this creation was flawed and should be rejected and that once one escaped rebirth into the material realm, the soul would ascend into the true and perfect creation. I did not take their creation story literally. Like all creation stories, they were cloaked in symbolism and allegory, but there was wisdom to be derived from them.
Life in our new home was good. As the years passed, Lars and I had gone to many gatherings, and I had learned much. I also had made many friends among the learned and was now a respected member of that community. At home, I had mastered the local language but I had not yet seen battle, so my status in this society of warriors was yet to be established. I trained often with Lars, Eric, and James so that I would be ready to prove myself when the opportunity arose. James and I taught the art of archery to the young men and boys. Archery was not considered a true skill of war to these descendants of the Norse. They thought of it as good for hunting and a supplement for defense. They rarely used it for an offensive strike.
Richard was now about nine years old. He was my student. I had taught him to read and write in both Greek and Latin. He was also doing well in his study of mathematics. I was proud of him. His bond with Aries was as strong as ever even though Aries was getting old for a dog and did not play that much anymore. He had sired many pups with the large dogs of Normandy, but none of them had grown to be his equal, though his blood had improved their line substantially. Thor had passed last year, and Aries had but a year or two left. I knew it would be hard on Richard when Aries died, and I tried to prepare him for that eventuality. There had been people and animals to whom Richard had been close who had died, but I felt that Aries’s death would be harder on him.
Richard liked to play with the other children his age. He learned to fish and to play their local games as well as some basic skills with weapons. James had made a bow for him with which he was becoming proficient. He was an athletic boy being a little faster and quicker than his peers. He was not as strong as them for the other boys were of Norse descent and were larger. Even so, Richard was able to hold his own in wrestling matches. He was Garrick’s son, and he had his father’s constitution.
It was a warm and sunny spring day. The young maids were down at the river doing wash while the children played. Richard was among them. We heard a scream coming from the river. Raiders had taken the maids and the children that were playing there, including Richard. A few had escaped and were running towards the village. Lars gathered the warriors, and we road to the river. Aries was with me, and he could sense what was wrong and began to sigh. The raiders were in the river, and their boat had a head start. They were rowing with the current and had the wind at their backs. Some men dismounted and put a boat into the water to pursue them. One of those men was James, and he was armed with his bow. Lars said that we might be able to head them off at the cliffs and lower ourselves down with ropes. As Lars pointed to the cliffs, Aries bolted. He knew what was required of him. Aries gray of muzzle and stiff of joint was still a war dog of Eydlon, and someone he loved was in danger. He moved with power and grace at an amazing speed. We followed him at full gallop but still could not gain on him. Victory or death was bred into him, and he was giving all he had.
Aries reached the cliffs and jumped without hesitation. It was a thirty foot drop and by magic, luck, or instinct; he timed it perfectly. He came crashing down onto the stern of the boat, crushing the rudder man to death. The boat rocked and timbers splintered. A raider drew his sword and plunged it into Aries’s chest as the dog jumped up and separated the man’s face from his head. Blood was everywhere! Two men jumped overboard while the last two men drew weapons and attacked the dog. Aries knocked one man down and ripped his arm from its socket. The other man got behind Aries and attacked him with a knife. Richard picked up a sword that had fallen to the deck and pierced the man’s lung, then Aries knocked the man down and finished him with a vicious attack to his throat and face.
The boat was taking on water. The young women took to the oars and guided it towards the bank. We had finished our descent and were now at the river’s edge. Lars tossed them a rope. Richard caught it and tied it to the boat. We were able to pull them to shore and got all back safe and sound except for Aries. He was used up and had collapsed in the boat. Richard would not leave him. His dog was dying, and he knew it. He looked at me.
“Can you save him?” He pleaded.
“No. If he was younger, it might be possible. It is his time. He chose to end it as a dog of war. He has remained true to his breed.” I responded.
“I have seen you heal people and horses.” He said.
“Yes, but none were as old as Aries. Even if I were to try, the potions I require are not with me, and he would not last long enough for me to go and retrieve them. He is my dog as well, and I wish to be here with him.”
“Aries has been with me all of my life. I never thought that he would leave me.” Cried Richard.
Aries was panting heavily. I reached into my pocket and pulled out a bottle of potion. I poured some into his gaping mouth. It was Eli’s pain potion, the one I had given to Aries’s mother. Richard hugged his dog, and Aries was happy to be with him once again. Then Aries breathed his last. My eyes filled with tears. I had raised him from a pup. I had a great love for that animal and will miss him. Richard sobbed and would not let go of his dog.
James was in the pursuit boat. As they approached, James drew his bow and killed the men in the water who had jumped to escape from Aries. The boat then joined us on shore. We took everyone back to the village except Richard. He would not leave his dog. We towed the damaged craft with Aries and Richard on board back to the beach. I was finally able to get him to go back to the village and see his mother. The next day many gathered at the river. Aries’s body was still in the grounded boat as we set it ablaze. It was a warrior’s send off in true Norse fashion.
Richard was hit hard by the loss of his dog. He also had bad dreams stemming from what had happened on the boat and what he had done. He was not alone in having these dreams. Many of the other children involved and even the young maids had disturbing dreams from the gore they had witnessed. Richard missed Aries terribly. The dog had been a constant in his life. He could barely remember his father and when he had lived in England. Aries gave him a connection to that previous life and identity. I and his mother were now all that remained of that past.
The death of Aries also had a strong effect on some of the villagers, most particularly a group of women. These women were different. They considered themselves warriors and were called the formidable women by the rest of the village. They were tall and strong. They trained with weapons and were quite skilled. Most were unmarried, often because they were not courted. Eric had married one of them. He claimed that his sons would be invincible. To these women, Aries was a kindred spirit. They were both born to be warriors whether or not they experienced battle. The formidable women were glad that Aries died as the warrior he was for they could conceive of no better death.
The formidable women hungered to prove themselves. Many acted like men. Some took more feminine women as their companions, while others would seduce brutish warriors when they would get drunk with them. Rough play would lead to sex. It was an honor for these women to give birth to a warrior be it male or female, and many of their ranks were the daughters of other formidable women. When these women became elderly, they would often take the path of healers and midwives. Study for this eventuality was on going, thus the formidable women of all ages learned the healing arts. They were impressed by my knowledge of healing herbs and some of them studied under me. One of those women was named Joan. Her aptitude and skill was beyond the others. It ran in her family for both her mother and grandmother were accomplished healers.
The formidable women took an interest in Richard. Richard had had command of Aries which they perceived as an omen that he would become a leader of warriors. He was not as large as his peers, yet he bested them with his quickness. The women related to him and taught him how to use an opponent’s greater size against him. Joan wished to mentor Richard and took on the role of an aunt.
Joan was tall, as tall as some men. Her legs were as strong as any man’s, and she often bested men in contests of lifting. Her quickness with a sword was envied. She had a daughter with flaming red hair named Ingrid. Ingrid was only four, but was already showing signs that she would grow to be a warrior. This pleased her mother to no end. Joan was unmarried. Ingrid’s father was a visiting warrior of great prowess. Joan had chosen him because of his reputation as well as for his size and build. She got him drunk and challenged him to a wrestling match. This led to their mating and the birth of Ingrid.
As the years passed, Richard grew strong and learned. He had me and Joan as mentors and Lars, Eric, and James to train him and of course, he had the love of his mother. Richard was now quick with a sword and accurate with a bow. He was quickly becoming a leader among the boys his age. He had a rival, the son of the village’s head warrior. His name was Olaf son of Leif. He and his younger brother Magnus were Richard’s greatest competition. They sparred and wrestled often. Despite this endless competing, they were still friends.
Lars and I continued to travel to the gatherings as often as was possible. In the passing years, things were not improving. We returned from our latest gathering and were distressed for the peace was breaking down. Several Breton villages had united under a charismatic leader who was preaching war and conquest. The Bretons occupied the peninsula to our west and were given that territory as their own duchy. Historically there were often border and territorial disputes between the Bretons and the Normans. To enhance our security, we had formed alliances with three other nearby villages. If one was attacked, the others would come to their aid. We had messengers on horseback and homing birds to alert our friends, and they had the same. Tensions were high and training for battle became a priority. Then it happened. We received a bird with a message that our neighbors were under attack. We readied our forces and went off to do battle.
I, James, Lars, Eric, and Richard were among the men who went. If a boy was at least seventeen and over a certain height, he was considered a warrior. All men over twenty two years of age were considered warriors regardless of height. Richard had just achieved the requisite height. I was concerned for his safety, but I could not protect him from everything. We lived in a warrior culture and this was expected. We were under the leadership of Leif who had inherited the position from his father, but he had also earned that right through success in battle.
Upon getting close to the village, we could see that they were greatly outnumbered and barely holding. Even with the addition of our force, the numbers would still favor our adversary. I became emboldened and went to Leif with a plan. At first he resisted, it involved an element of deceit that he found distasteful. But even he could see our numerical disadvantage and that there were many lives at stake. He reluctantly agreed to my plan.
We approached the village unseen. There were a few small hills nearby that we used for cover.  Stealthily, we made our way to the top of one. With the bulk of our men hidden just beyond the crest, James and I crawled about fifty yards down the hill and took our positions. Our five fastest warriors which included Richard ran to engage the enemy. They battled briefly and then ran back up the hill followed by twenty or so warriors. When they were all in range, James and I unleashed our arrows. We killed or downed all of them. Then our five turned and taunted the enemy. Seeing their fellows slain enraged them and over a hundred men charged us. James and I rained down death until we had exhausted all of arrows. We drew our swords and screamed.
Our men came out from hiding and charged. We had the high ground. Soon we were in the midst of the chaos of battle. This was the first time that I had seen Eric in action. He was an awesome and horrific sight, cutting men in half with his axe. He struck fear into all who confronted him. They also had a great warrior who was even bigger and stronger than Eric. He too was besting all who engaged him. Eric saw this and began to fight his way towards this man. I looked on in horror as I saw this giant of a man approach Richard, and I was too far away to come to his aid. I thrust my sword into the throat of my opponent and then pulled an arrow from a dead man. I searched for my bow. Finding it, I maneuvered closer seeking a clear shot. I could find no opening in which to deliver a mortal strike. I drew my bow and released my arrow, striking their champion in the back of his thigh. He was now wounded. I hoped it was enough.
Richard faced their champion; even wounded this man was extremely dangerous. He overpowered Richard, but Richard’s quickness saved him. Richard would thrust and evade while this powerful man would slam him with his shield. Their champion wielded an axe with great power, but he couldn’t connect. Richard moved too fast. Eric was making his way towards them, leaving a trail of death behind him. When Eric got to them, Richard’s shield had just been split. Eric brought his axe down only to have it blocked by the big man’s heavy shield. As Eric attacked, Richard thrust his sword into the warrior’s hip, and blood spurted out as he withdrew his weapon. Richard was learned. He knew the location of the artery and where the armor was weak. Time was now on their side for the big man was losing blood rapidly. Eric attacked again. The warrior hit him with his shield and moved him aside as easily as Eric could have done to me. Their champion then turned to combat Richard, but hesitated slightly due to fatigue and blood loss. Richard took advantage and thrust his sword into his adversary’s throat. The big man fell and with him the courage of the enemy.
As the battle raged, warriors from the other village with whom we were allied arrived. We now outnumbered the enemy. Our rivals retreated, and victory was ours. We regrouped and tended to our wounded. The wounded of our enemy were killed or kept for ransom depending on their status. I had sustained some minor injuries as had most of our men. James was hurt more seriously, but would recover. We fortified our friends’ village in case the enemy decided to return. We then collected our fallen and left for home.
Arriving home, we were greatly surprised. A small group of the enemy, fifty or so, had attacked our village. They had thought that it would be easy to take with our warriors away. They were wrong. The older men and the formidable women with the help of our young archers had vanquished them. The descendants of Aries had also shown their worth in battle. And when the battle was over and the enemy retreated, the dogs gave chase and left none alive.
Our victory celebrations went on for days. Near the end of the festivities, Leif praised and rewarded the warriors who had shown exceptional skill and courage. He singled out Richard for slaying the enemy’s best warrior. Leif gave Richard his choice of his daughters in marriage. Richard told Leif that he had given him a difficult decision to make since all his daughters were beautiful. Richard even now knew how to be diplomatic in these type of situations. Then he consulted me for advice. I told him that Leif’s second youngest daughter Ursula was intelligent with good character and disposition. I also believed that she would grow to be quiet beautiful. She was still too young to wed, and Richard would not have to marry her until she reached her seventeenth year. Even after she reached that age, an omen would still need to occur to bless the wedding. He chose her, and Leif was pleased.
James and I were not singled out for praise. We did well in battle, but so did many men. Slaughtering men with arrows was efficient, but was not looked upon as being very courageous. Leif now respected my council and that was enough for me. James did not get to partake in the festivities for he needed to recover from his wounds. I prescribed herbal poultices and tonic potions, and occasionally I would visit him while he slept and use my magic. He healed rapidly. Olaf, Leif’s eldest son had been badly injured and was treated by one of the formidable women. He healed, but he would no longer be an effective warrior. His left knee was unstable, and his right shoulder would always be weak. The deep cuts on his body left scars that would hamper his movements and agility.
The widows of the village were free to mate with any unmarried warrior. Richard was now sought out by many of them. Leif was not bothered by Richard engaging in this practice, in fact it was custom. It was looked upon as valuable training for future husbands. The widows were attracted to the best warriors. It was hoped that any sons conceived from these couplings would have their father’s prowess.
When James had fully recovered, he set to work on replenishing our arrow supply. I also had an idea for a new bow, and James agreed to help me build it. We constructed a bow of extreme power that no man could draw. This bow was strapped to your feet. You had to sit down and use both hands to draw it back. It required special arrows that were longer and stiffer. The first bow we made developed cracks. The second was not accurate. By the third try, we had achieved what I desired, a bow of great power and good accuracy. It could kill a man at four hundred yards, but hitting him at that range was another matter.
It had been years since the death of my jay. The experience had been most distressing. Feeling its life drain away and the great emptiness that followed was almost more than I could bear. It was akin to losing a limb or an eye. When the warhorse died, I felt it and knew that it had happened, but it did not affect me strongly. I never did feel the death of Garrick. The bond was different with humans, and maybe that was why I did not experience it. I was reluctant to make the connection again, but these were dangerous times and joining with another bird would be very advantageous. The safety of our village and that of Richard was at stake. I chose a homing bird and joined with it.
Every day I would fly with my new friend. We were getting acquainted and learning to cooperate. The personality and nature of this bird was different from that of the jay, but in many ways they were the same. This bird had a greater range and more endurance. It could also fly faster on a direct path. The jay enjoyed searching for things, this bird did not. It was more concerned with getting to a destination safely. Getting it to search for the enemy was a constant struggle.
We had enjoyed peace for months, but the Breton threat was always present. I continued to search the lands to the south and west in order to give us advanced warning. No one knew that I was doing this, not even Richard or Lars. When we saw the Breton army, they were but three days march from us. I told Leif that I had heard rumors that the Bretons were massing only a few days march to the southwest and that we should send scouts. Leif was not fully confident in the accuracy of my information, but he trusted me and agreed to send the scouts. When the scouts returned, they confirmed my observations. Leif readied our forces and sent messages to our allies. I kept track of the enemy and readied a plan of my own.
When their army arrived, Leif gathered our forces to engage them. He noticed my absence and briefly thought me a coward. Then the thought that I choose to fight smarter than braver came to him, and he wondered what I had planned. I was already hidden on a hillside as our enemy approached. With the aid of my new friend, I had identified their leader, his second, and their best warrior. As I waited, I consumed a new potion and emptied my mind. When the enemy was within range, I drew my new bow and focused only on my target. My actions were fluid and spontaneous. To them it seemed my arrow came from out of nowhere. It struck my quarry in the upper arm and passed through striking his companion in the chest. The second man fell; he was mortally wounded. The first clutched his arm and his vision blurred; the poison was in his blood. Again I emptied my mind of all thoughts and released another arrow. It pierced the side of their largest warrior, and he fell. I laid down my new weapon, grabbed my old bow, and headed to my next position.
Eric had broken ranks and rode ahead to face the Bretons. He stopped fifty yards from them and dismounted. There was confusion among the enemy for their leaders were down, and their best warrior was dead. Eric yelled at them. He challenged them to send their best warrior to face him in single combat. Three large men came out to face Eric. This was without honor, so I put an arrow through one of them.
“I need no help with the likes of these!” Shouted Eric.
Eric engage the men. Shields crashed; axes and sword sliced through the air. These men were strong and skilled warriors, but Eric was better. Two can be an advantage but not always. If not coordinated properly, mistakes are made. When the errors occurred, Eric was ready. One man had accidently tripped the other and with that opening, Eric attacked. He cleaved one man’s arm from his body. The other man hesitated at the sight, and Eric slammed him to the ground with his shield. Then Eric brought his axe down upon the man’s leg, crushing through the armor and severing it. He returned to the armless warrior, who was now on his knees and took his head.
Our men had now reached Eric and cheered his victory. The Bretons, leaderless and without their best warriors, retreated. We gave chase to insure that they left our lands. Leif surveyed the battlefield and saw that the Breton leader, his second, and two of their best warriors had died from arrow wounds. He looked at me, and I gave him a nod which he returned. Leif lusted for battle, but he knew that Eric and I had saved many lives by taking only a few. Our actions also ended the Breton threat. New leaders emerged who desired peace more than conquest.
We entered into an extended time of peace and prosperity. The yearly gatherings of the learned were starting to yield fruit. We had succeeded in creating more alliances and fostering trade. Our province of Normandy was becoming more unified than it had been in decades. There were reports that Duke William was rising in influence with support from the king of France. In time he could consolidate power and bring order to the whole of the duchy.
Ursula was growing more beautiful by the day, as I had predicted. She was now in her seventeenth year and was anxious to marry. She was in love with Richard and he with her. All the young warriors were envious. Ursula had beauty, grace, and charm not to mention that she was the daughter of the village leader. They were also happy for Richard. He was a great warrior and was looked upon as the one who would succeed Leif.
The time of the wedding needed to be right. The stars needed to be favorable, and an omen had to be observed. After those conditions were met, the wedding would be held during the next new moon. These old traditions were still observed even though they were considered to be superstition by the Church. Ursula had now turned eighteen, and she and Richard were becoming impatient. The stars were now favorable, but there was no omen. A large war dog was birthing a litter, and I was called to help. One of the pup’s head was too large, and I had to cut him from the womb. I could tell this pup was not like the rest. The line of Eydlon had returned; Aries had returned. This was immediately taken as the omen for which we were waiting, and the day of the wedding was set.
The celebration of their union was a major event. There were honored guests who came from the surrounding villages and towns. Many traveled substantial distances to take part. Richard’s star was rising, and it was seen by all that his power and influence would only grow. He would be a man to contend with and a leader of note, and with Ursula at his side, nothing was impossible. The pup whose birth was the omen for their wedding was given to them as a gift, another symbol of power and strength.


Chapter 9


A young woman with flaming red hair attended the wedding, but she was not joyful nor celebrating. Ingrid was in love with Richard. She had loved him all of her life. Now she knew that nothing could come of it. She was sad, and she was angry. Every fiber of her body ached to do battle. She needed a release. She needed to spar with someone, someone her equal, but this was not the time. This was Richard’s day, and she wanted to support him.
Ingrid, the daughter of Joan, was a formidable woman the likes there had never been. She was now as tall as her mother and just as strong. She could best all her age whether they be male or female. Eric wanted her betrothed to his eldest son Rolf.  Rolf was quite smitten with Ingrid, but she had no interest in him. She wanted Richard and if not him, she was attracted to a young man named John.
John was of slender build and calm nature. He was a musician, the best musician in the village, possibly the best in the region. He played at the wedding and delighted all. It saddened him that he was required to be a warrior for only priests and the infirmed were exempt. John was only interested in Ingrid as a friend. He liked her company, and they spent much time together. She helped him train with weapons, and he tried to teach her to play. Neither had much success. John seemed more interested in watching the young men spar than in Ingrid’s flirtations.
Weeks had passed since the wedding, and Leif took his new son in-law into his inner circle. Richard now attended the council meetings and went to the gatherings of the leaders. He went with me to a different type of gathering, the gatherings of the learned. Richard befriended those whose influence was more subtle, but still just as powerful as the leaders he met with Leif. Richard learned how leaders ruled and how advisors guided and manipulated outcomes. He was developing a larger view of how the world worked and his place in it. His training in military matters was broad. He learned much from Leif as well as from me, Lars, and Eric. He read the Roman histories in my collection that told of battles and strategies. The one person from whom he wished to learn was not here, Garrick his father. What he learned of his father came mainly from me and his mother Adel. Occasionally he would converse with James.
James had a way of putting Richard’s father in a more realistic light and not sparing anyone’s feelings. He told Richard of how he and I had grown up in our village, and what he knew about Eli and of how Garrick had killed him. James told him of what little he knew of my change of heart towards his father, and how Garrick had transformed from a thug into a beloved and just leader under my council. Richard was shocked to hear that I had become his father’s advisor after he had killed Eli. He too found the stories of his father’s transformation under my influence suspect. Richard was learned. He knew that there was much more to this story than James was aware.
 He confronted me and wanted to know the truth about his father. I decided that he was now old enough to hear most of the truth. I told him that after Garrick had killed Eli, I lusted for vengeance. I described how I took Aries and ambushed his father and that while he was injured and helpless, I had a change of heart and healed him. In addition, I told Richard that with my powers, I was able to gain some subtle influence over his father’s mind during the healing process that I used to guide Garrick into becoming a just and fair leader of men. Richard was not totally convinced and appeared to have some agitation.
“You mean my father was your puppet.” Richard pressed.
“No, it was not like that. I only guided him. A man has different paths before him, and I guided your father to the one I thought was best for the people.” I responded.
“Couldn’t he remember the ambush?” Inquired Richard.
“His injuries were severe. While he was unconscious, I gave him some of Eli’s pain potion that inhibited his memory. Together with my powers, I suggested a different series of events. Memory is often changed with suggestion in normal life without the use of magic. It is just more subtle and happens over a longer period of time.” I explained.
“This I can believe, but how did you become my father’s advisor? He did not know you, and you were quite young at the time.”
“He respected my control over Aries. I also convinced him that Aries and I had saved his life from an attack by bandits.”
“You had him in your debt and showed him that you controlled great power. You were impressive even then.”
“I am more powerful and learned today and will be more so in the future, as too you will be.”
“Did you have a hand in my father’s death?” He asked.
“Your father chose to stay and fight against all odds with no manipulation from me. That was his character for he had no fear of death. He just wanted to make sure that you and your mother escaped. That was my responsibility.” I answered.
“That is why we are here in Normandy?”
“Yes. I had an open invitation from Lars to come and live here with him. I thought this a safe place for you to grow and flourish.”
“I am glad that we came here and that you are my mentor, but I feel that your account of your history with my father is not complete. We may talk of this again.” Said Richard.
“As you wish, but I think that your present and your future should be your greater concern. Your destiny will be greater than your father’s. This I have seen in my dreams and know to be true.” With that, Richard left me. He was satisfied for now with my explanations, but I feared we were likely to revisit this subject again at some time in the future.
Richard was becoming more and more influential in the council of leaders. He was looked upon as a great warrior who was wise beyond his years. He had become respected throughout the region and had the support of other village leaders, the learned, and most importantly the people. The nobility was starting to take an interest in him even though he was not of royal blood. Before Richard, all they cared about was their taxes or tributes, otherwise they tended to ignore us. Now they saw the region unifying under Leif and Richard and wanted assurances that they would remain loyal. Oaths of loyalty and gifts of our exceptional war dogs seemed to placate them.
Around this time, Lars, I and Richard went to another gathering. There we heard that William was growing more powerful and was likely to soon reclaim the full authority of the duchy. This was good news to most of the learned for they wished Normandy to be unified. When the time came for trading, there was one of the learned whom I had befriended that was desperate for one of my volumes, but he possessed no texts that I desired. He had heard that I was an accomplished bowman and presented me a fine bow in trade. I did not need another bow, but its craftsmanship was exquisite. He told me that long ago it was made by a master for a master and that he hated to part with it if it were not for his need of my text. We concluded the trade.
We continued to hear more reports that Duke William was consolidating power and growing in influence. William was the descendant of Norsemen and the illegitimate son of the late Duke Robert. He was also cousin to Edward the current king of England. William inherited the duchy after Robert’s death and had been trying to consolidate power ever since. Now it appeared that he was succeeding. Leif wanted to meet William and arranged for himself, Richard, Lars, Eric and me to travel and seek an audience with the Duke.
The journey by land could take weeks depending on what we encountered. It required us to cross unfamiliar lands where there might be villages that were unfriendly towards us. We packed extra goods that could be used for gifts and trade. We also brought a war dog pup with us as a gift for William. The pup was sired by Aries II and had many traits of the dogs of Eydlon. It was but four months old and had already attained a weight of nearly a hundred pounds. We were ready to set upon our quest and said goodbye to our friends and loved ones. We got a final blessing from the priests and then set forth.
The first three days of our journey were uneventful. We were traveling in familiar lands that were friendly towards us. By the fifth day we were on unfamiliar ground. Only Lars had traveled here before, and it had been many years ago. Soon we came upon a village. They spoke a language that was difficult to understand. It was similar to our own, but the dialect was strange to me. Luckily they had a small church, and the priest there spoke Latin. We told the priest of our mission. He told us that this village had only been here for less than a decade. This land had been swept by plague and the previous residents had either died or fled. It was only recently that it was being reclaimed. The people here were Franks from the south, who came here to take advantage of the vacant land. They were all farmers with limited weapons and little skill with them.
We were asked to stay for a while and enjoy their hospitality and if possible help them. They were having trouble with a group of armed men who had been raiding their village. The bandits stole their food and raped their women. We said that we could not stay long, but if the bandits attacked while we were there, we would engage them. The people of this village were great hosts. We ate, drank and sang songs. We regaled them with stories of our battles and victories.
Our second night there, we were awakened by the growl of our pup. Eric arose first, grabbing his axe as he looked for intruders. Some armed men were trying to steal our horses. Eric was the first to engage them, and we were right behind him. Seven of the men were on horseback; the rest were on foot. I took one off his mount with my bow, and Lars dropped another with a throw of his hand axe. Seeing their friends slain, the rest of the men attacked us. After we killed two more and wounded three others, their resolve failed, and they fled. Only one of their wounded escaped. The other two were captured by the villagers.
Leif had taken an arrow to the thigh. Lars and I had some minor flesh wounds while Eric and Richard had come through unscathed. The villagers abused the men they had caught. These men died from their wounds and the beatings that they received. Lars and I excised the arrow from Leif’s leg. Removing it was difficult for it had lodged in the bone. The pain was extreme. I gave Leif a very small amount of the pain potion and then applied a poultice to the wound. This wound was serious, and I wished to use a more powerful treatment. The villagers here were devout Christians, and I did not wish to practice my healing arts in their presence. Their hospitality quite likely had limits, and I did not wish to provoke them.
We stayed for another day and then said our farewells. We had left the village richer by three horses and some arms that were taken from the bandits. Only six bandits had escaped. Four on horseback and two on foot. One of the riders was the man we had injured. We had likely made enemies who might provide us with trouble on the road ahead. We had two homing birds with us, and I had made sure that one of them was mine. I wanted to get my bird released and scout the road ahead. No one knew I had this ability, not even Richard. I suggested that we use one of our birds to send a message home and tell them of our encounter with the bandits. Leif was reluctant. He wanted to keep the birds in reserve for more important messages. I was persistent and finally convinced him.
I practiced a daily meditation that I sometimes called prayer depending on who was around. I used this time to connect to the bird, preventing it from flying home which was its instinct. I succeeded in keeping it within our vicinity, and we would scout the road ahead. As I suspected, the bandits had regrouped and hid in wait for us. They had set up an ambush some miles down the road. When we approached close to where their trap was set, I stopped and dismounted.
“I wish to look at Leif’s wound and apply a fresh poultice. This also looks to be a good place to hunt and collect some fresh meat.” I said.
“I am fine, and we have plenty of food.” Exclaimed Leif.
“I did not use my most potent cures on your wound for fear that the villagers might think it witchcraft. Now that we are clear of them, I would like to apply the more potent medicine.”
“All right, we will stop here for a short time.” Said Leif.
Everyone dismounted, and I attended to Leif’s wound. It was beginning to fester slightly. I gave Leif a drink of my base potion and then poured some into the wound. I wetted my hands with a few drops, and then placed my right hand over the wound and the left on Leif’s forehead. We could both feel the heat and vibration. Afterwards, I felt a little drained, but not excessively so. I then dressed his wound. I had not healed the wound completely for even Leif would have been too amazed by that degree of healing. Leif still had some tolerance for the ancient and traditional ways, but he was Christian and was growing more devout as time passed. I told him that he needed to rest, and that I would take Richard to go hunt some small game. He told us not to take too long for he wished to travel more distance this day.
Richard and I grabbed our bows and quivers and headed out. I led Richard to a position where we could see the men hiding in wait. Richard gave me an odd look upon seeing the bandits. I sent Richard to circle around. We flanked them and had them in a crossfire when let loose our arrows. The first volley killed two men. Their bowman returned fire. He missed, and I then dispatched him with an arrow to the chest. Richard fired again, mortally wounded another. The last two men made a try for their horses. I hit one before he could mount; the other was successful and road away. It was the man we had wounded at the village who had escaped us. We ran to overtake the bandits’ position. The last man that I had hit was still alive, and so was the one Richard had wounded. Both men were down. One was sure to die soon; the other possibly had a chance given competent intervention. Richard was angry. He drew his blade and killed the both of them.
“You knew they were here!” He shouted.
“I suspected.”
“No! You knew. James told me of how you controlled the horse and had it attack Janus. I have seen the bird we released flying about. You control it; you see through its eyes.”
“No one can know. This is very strong magic, and the Church might destroy anyone practicing it.”
“I wish to learn this magic.” He demanded.
“No, you are not yet ready.”
“You possessed this magic when you were younger than I. Was this the magic that you used on my father?”
“Yes, I used it on your father. It is not the same for humans as it is for animals. With animals, you experience what they experience, and the suggestions that you give them they interpret as coming from their own mind. With a man, you do not see through his eyes; you can manipulate memory and make suggestions, though your suggestions are not always followed, or they are followed in a way that you did not intend. You can share dreams but not every night. With animals, the connection is permanent; with humans, it seems to weaken with time.” I explained to Richard.
“Teach me this magic.” He demanded again.
“I cannot teach it. I do not know how. I originally stumbled upon it by accident and circumstance. You already know how to make the base potion. It lacks only one substance for you to perform this magic, but this substance costs dearly.”
“I will pay it. Tell me how I may acquire this substance.”
“The price is high. It is the death of someone you love, and who loves you, more specifically their murder. Anne’s death was the price paid for me to acquire this magic.”
“You are right. The price is too high. Is there no other way?”
“None that I know. As I said this magic was not taught to me, and I know of no one else who possesses it. There is no mention of it in anything that I have read or studied. As my knowledge grows, there may be a time when I can teach you this magic without the murder of someone you love, but a death will be required. For now, you do not want to connect to an animal; they consume some truly disgusting things.”
We laughed and then collected the bandits’ horses, supplies, and equipment. We followed the road back to where our friends were waiting. We told them of how we accidentally discovered the bandits’ ambush, and how we won the day. Leif praised the gods and Jesus for our good fortune. Eric was disappointed that we returned without bringing back any fresh meat. For Eric good luck and battles were just parts of life, no different than the hunger that he felt in his belly. There was some concern about the man who escaped. He could potentially be a problem if he could gather others to help him seek vengeance upon us.
We traveled for another three days before we encountered the next village. This is when luck turned against us. This was the village of the bandit who had escaped our assault. The man accused us of ambushing him and his friends. He pointed to the horses and weapons and said that we had stolen them. We told their priests our version of events. Some in the village believed us because the bandit and his friends had unsavory reputations. This would not be enough. This was his village, and we were strangers. They threatened to put us in chains and then hang us. We were ready for a fight. This village was not like the previous one for they had many warriors, and we could not kill them all. Thinking quickly, Eric demanded trial by combat, he against their best warrior. They agreed. They knew that they would lose many good men trying to take us, and the man who accused us was not well liked or trusted. Our fate now rested with Eric.
The man who took up the challenge was related to the bandit by marriage. He was a large and muscular man. He was even bigger than Eric when I saw them standing near each other. This man had skills and had seen battle. This was not going to be an easy win for Eric, who was now slightly past his prime. Before the match, I gave Eric an herbal tonic that would enhance his level of alertness and quicken his reflexes.
The village cleared the square and the two men faced off. Sword and axe flew, shields crashed, the men grunted as if two bulls were battling. They fought for what seemed like hours. Then Eric appeared to make a mistake and dropped his guard. The villager took advantage of the opening and pierced Eric’s chest with his sword. But this move left him open as well, and Eric thrust the top spike of his axe upward catching the man under his chin, piercing his brain. The villager fell upon the ground twitching. Eric stood tall and pulled the sword from his chest. Holding his axe in one hand and the sword in the other, he raised his arms in victory. The priests said that God had validated our claim and we were free to go. The villagers took the wounded bandit off to be whipped for giving false witness.
Eric was badly hurt; his lung had been pierced. We did not know if he would survive, and I could not attempt to heal him here. We needed to leave this village quickly. Before we left, we gave the bandits’ horses and supplies to the widow of the man that Eric had killed. Their weapons we gave to the church. I placed my hand over Eric’s wound and was able to strengthen him a little then I dressed it. Lars and Richard help him mount his horse, and we rode out of the village.
We traveled for about an hour and then stopped. Eric was bleeding badly and could hardly breathe. We laid him down, and I gave him some pain potion. Richard and I attended to Eric while Lars and Leif went to gather wood. Wood for our fire or wood for Eric’s funeral if he failed to survive. We needed Leif out of sight, so that I could use all my powers to save Eric. Using my potion, I attempted to heal him. This method drained my vital energies. Try as I might, I could only partially restore him, and his survival was still in question. I was still not fully recovered from healing Leif, and I had been eating too much meat. Exhausted, I was barely able to move. Richard took some herbs and made a tea for me that helped me regain a little strength.
“Richard, it is now up to you to finish what I have started. You have the knowledge and power to heal him.” I said.
“I have only healed minor injuries, never anything this bad.” He replied.
“Only days ago you were demanding to learn the most advanced magic, and now you hesitate at doing this? When I was younger than you, I healed James from a condition just as dire.”
“Yes. I know, and it left you helpless.”
“And I recovered as will you. Clear your mind of all fear.”
Richard took the potion bottle from his pocket and attempted to heal Eric. I could see the sweat on Richard’s brow and the vitality drain from his face. Richard needed to learn what his limits were and possibly go beyond them. He worked until he collapsed into unconsciousness. I had regained enough strength to make Richard comfortable and to check on Eric. His bleeding had stopped, and he was now breathing normally. The wound was mostly healed and was less than a third of its original size. I applied a poultice and dressed it. Exhausted, I fell into sleep. When I awoke, Richard was already awake but moving slowly. He had his father’s constitution. Lars and Leif were exchanging stories over a meal, and Eric still slept.
“It is about time you were up. You’ve been sleeping more than a full day.” Said Lars.
“I almost forgot who was injured in battle, you or Eric.” Laughed Leif.
“Healing is hard work.” I said. I felt as if I had awoken from a night of heavy drink. My head hurt, and I was slow to move. I looked at Richard and could tell that he felt as I, maybe worse. I checked on Eric. He was still asleep but doing fine.
“How is he?” Asked Leif.
“He will recover. It is going to take more than just one blow to kill him.” I laughed. “I think he will be able to travel in another day.”
“Good, the sooner we can be on our way the better.” Said Leif.
The next morning Eric was awake and sitting up. He was very hungry. Richard and I were still weak. It would take days for us to fully recover.
“Eric, are you ready to ride?” Asked Leif.
“I feel strong enough to ride, though I am puzzled as to how I am still alive?” He replied.
“Thank your healers.” Lars said as he pointed at Richard and me.
“The only way to win was to let him have the first blow, but I did not think that I would survive more than a day or two.” Said Eric.
“Your healers look in worse condition than you!” Laughed Leif
“We used powerful potions that we had to test on ourselves first.” I explained.
“Potions! More like powerful grog.” Laughed Leif. We all laughed except Eric. It still hurt for him to laugh.
We again set forth on our quest to gain an audience with William. We were in need of a few uneventful days for Leif and Eric were wounded, and Richard and I were still in a weakened condition. Only Lars and our pup were able bodied.  We could not afford to encounter trouble. We traveled slowly for Eric was not entirely healed, and he needed to rest often. The next day we came upon a company of soldiers who were escorting emissaries sent by William to the village where Eric had battled for us. We conversed with the emissaries and told them of our desire to gain an audience with William. They told us that we were only three days ride from our goal, and that the territory was friendly. We described to them our encounters with the bandits and of our misunderstanding with the village to which they were headed. They sympathized and were glad that we had eliminated a potential threat to their party. They thanked us with a letter of introduction to William.
At our pace, it took us over four days to arrive in the city where William was now staying. Our supplies were getting low, but luckily we had brought enough trade goods and coins with us to acquire shelter and keep us provisioned. It took over a week to get a meeting with William, even with our letter of introduction. When William agreed to see us, he would allow only two unarmed men an audience. Leif and Richard represented our village and the villages with which we were allied. William was a reasonable man. He wanted alliances with our villages in order to pressure our nobles into his fold. For this, he was willing to grant some autonomy.
Religion was another matter. William was seeking the support from the Pope, and he was trying to get all of Normandy as orthodox as possible. They told William that all of our people were Christian, but that many still held to the old traditions as well. Warriors often had funeral fires instead of Christian burials. People still consulted astrologers and looked to observe omens. Some even still believe openly in the old gods as well as the Christian God, and then there were sexual practices and seasonal festivals and feasts that were not in accord with Church doctrine. They told him that these practices and beliefs would be hard to eradicate and that it would take time and strong leadership; otherwise there could be uprisings and violence. William was impatient with this issue, but he too wanted to unify Normandy with the greatest speed and the least amount of bloodshed.  He was willing to grant more time to implement orthodoxy, but his patience was limited.
Leif said he would take William’s offer and present it at the next council meeting. Richard then left and returned with the pup and presented it to William. William said he already possessed a quality line of war dogs and pointed to some large animals that weighed nearly two hundred pounds. Richard explained that this dog was but a pup and would grow to dwarf his beasts. It would be more powerful and have greater heart than any war dog he had ever owned. William accepted the gift. William sent us home well provisioned, and we were accompanied by two of his ambassadors and their armed escort.
We sent our homing bird off with a message telling of our meeting with William and that we were on our way home. The trip back was uneventful.  Leif and Eric had made full recoveries, and were traveling well. When we arrived at the village where Eric was wounded, the villagers were shocked to see that he still lived. We told them that it was God’s will because our claim had been righteous. They accepted that answer without question. While in this village our ambassadors consulted with their fellows; the ones who had given us the letter of introduction.
We spent two days there and then set forth to the next village. When we arrived at the farming village, we were greeted as heroes for killing the bandits who had terrorized them. They held a celebration for us. We ate, drank, sang and danced. The next day we headed for home. When we arrived there, we were again the guests of honor for another feast and celebration. We told stories of our adventures, and Eric showed off his new scar.


Chapter 10


Richard had a surprise when he returned. His wife was showing. She was with child.
“Why did you not tell me before I had left?” Richard asked her.
“If I had told you, you might not have gone. It was important that you went on this quest if you are to one day lead our village.” She said.
“When did you become concerned with politics?”
“From the time we were betrothed, I knew that you would succeed my father.”
“What of your brother Olaf?”
“He was a good warrior before he was injured, but he never had the wisdom or the skills of a leader that you possess.”
“Did you marry me just for politics?”
“You know better. I have always loved you, and I love you now more than ever.” She exclaimed.
“And since you have grown into a woman, I have always loved you.” Said Richard.
“There is another women who harbors a strong love for you.”
“I know that my mother loves me.” He answered.
“Not her, someone who loves you the way I love you, Ingrid.” She said.
“Ingrid is as a sister to me.”
“Ingrid loves you deeply. It broke her heart when we were wed. She loves you so much that she would die for you.”
“I had no clue. I hope that she finds love with another.”
“She does love the musician, but he thinks of her only as a friend. I think he has no interest in women.”
“If I had his build, I would be afraid to have Ingrid as a wife.” Said Richard.
“That was mean but likely true. There are other women who find him attractive for the music he makes, but he takes no advantage of it.”
“He is still young and may be shy with women.”
“Maybe, but he doesn’t look at women the way other men do.”
“Enough gossip. Do you think that it is a boy or a girl?”
“It is your son, of this I have no doubt. I can feel his strength.” She said.
“Let us leave the feast early. I have missed you so much.” Said Richard.
The day after the feast, Leif sent out messengers to the other village leaders to convene a council meeting to discuss William’s offer. The idea of unifying into one strong duchy again was attractive to many. Others thought that they would lose autonomy under one powerful leader. All were concerned with William’s push for orthodoxy. The council broke into several camps. One wanted to accept William’s offer and enforce orthodoxy by law. They thought that requiring the abandonment of the old traditions immediately would encounter some opposition, but that it could be quelled and the issue would be settled once and for all. Others agreed with accepting William’s offer, but believed that the desire to keep the old traditions was too strong and that it would take an entire generation to be rid of them. Then there was a small group that rejected William’s offer in its totality. The council conferred and debated for nearly a week. It was finally decided that they would accept William’s offer, and that orthodoxy and Church doctrine would be declared the one true religion, and that many of the old traditions would need to be abandoned. This would not be forced, at least not at this time. William’s ambassadors were then informed of the council’s decision.
The learned had always hoped that Christianity and the Church would eventually be true in following the ways of Jesus, to his teachings of: Do to others as you would have them do to you, love your neighbor, love your enemy, forgive that ye be forgiven, judge not for thee be judged, be humble and serve for the first shall be last and the last shall be first, give and ye shall receive, what you do to the least of your brethren you do to me, seek and thee shall find for all that is hidden will be revealed. If these were universally accepted and adhered, the world would become a paradise. The temptation to acquire power and control is too seductive for men of importance and institutions. They all seem to fall prey to it, often to the detriment of the common people.
A month after the council meeting, there was a gathering of the learned. All the learned were now quite concerned that Christian orthodoxy might eventually be imposed by force. Historically when this has happened, study and free thinking were violently suppressed. Women who practiced the old ways of healing and midwifery also suffered horrible abuses. It was agreed that this push for orthodoxy and the intolerance that comes with it, was inevitable and that it would be futile to oppose it at this time. Instead we would retreat into that old sanctuary of secrecy. The gatherings would end, and we would meet only in small groups. Names would no longer be used. Codes and special signs would be developed to distinguish who could be trusted. Knowledge would be hidden in poetry, stories, and myths. No longer could our truths be spoken plainly.
These events upset Richard. He knew that he would now have to pretend that he was exclusively Christian and could only practice what he knew in secret. His son would be raised an orthodox Christian and would never be taught the esoteric knowledge. Even the basics of science, mathematics, history, and myth would need to be limited. It saddened Richard that his children would not learn to know what he knew. He had always hoped that he could pass on what he had learned, and now that hope had been destroyed for only knowledge and skills approved by the Church would be permitted.
Messengers came from William in response to the council’s decision. William accepted our terms that were very close to the ones which were agreed upon when we had our audience with him. He also agreed that orthodoxy would not be imposed by force at this time. The issue would be reassessed in a few years to see what progress had been made. William had consulted with the Pope via messenger, and the Pope too agreed that this was not the time to use force. The Pope did have one demand that was not negotiable. All were to be baptized. All infants had to be baptized if a priest was available and if not, the child was to be baptized at the earliest opportunity. This was not a problem for nearly all were baptized. Only in the small villages that had no priests was this neglected.
The transition to a more Christian orthodox society went smoothly at first. Feasts and festivals were cancelled or rescheduled to coincide with Christian holidays. This did not bother most people as long as there were still a sufficient number of feast days close to the right times of year. The changing of funeral rites to purely Christian burials encountered more resistance, especially among the warriors. Trying to keep sex totally within the confines of marriage was strongly opposed or ignored. The leaders tried to set the example, but it was difficult for them to live up to the Church’s ideal. There was a small group who strongly objected to this move towards orthodoxy. They clung to the old ways and still paid homage to the old gods. Many of them were willing to take extreme measures to protect their way of life, even resorting to violence.
I was now home more often. There were no more gatherings, and meetings with others of the learned were now rare. I desired more company, so of course I adopted a war dog. I named her Isis. She was daughter to Aries II, and I could tell that she possessed nearly all the traits of the line of Eydlon. I also seemed to have inadvertently acquired a new apprentice. His name was Robert. He was a strong boy of twelve and was very intelligent. He was also quite blind.
He knew that he would never be a warrior, but he had a strong desire that his life be one of purpose. I read to him often, and he was eager to learn. Robert had the goal of memorizing and learning the entire New Testament in Latin. He knew that this knowledge could be useful to him since Christianity was becoming even more influential. I had taught him how religion, politics and power intermingled. It was good for me to be training a new pupil for Richard was now far too busy with politics and attending to his pregnant wife.
Robert was good with Isis, and I felt that he should have a dog of his own. I found a young female pup for him. She was mostly a herding breed, but there was some war dog in her blood. Her grandmother was also the grandmother of Aries II. I would pay Robert for chores, so that he would be able to feed and care for her. I helped him train her, and they became inseparable. He named her Freya. 
When Richard’s son was born, it was a time for great celebration. The boy was born healthy and strong. Ursula came through it well though she felt drained for a number of days. Leif and Richard held a feast that would be the topic of conversation for months afterwards. It ended with a very public baptismal ceremony where Richard’s son was given his Christian name Mark. Many rejoiced at this moment, but there were those who resented that the future leadership would now always represent the Christian orthodox view.
Olaf son of Leif was one who resisted the imposition of Christian orthodoxy. In fact, he longed to revert to the old traditions of his Norse ancestors and renounce Christianity. He knew that this extreme view was not popular, but there were many among the young warriors that resented giving up old and cherished traditions. Olaf also resented Richard for usurping his birthright and being his father’s favorite. Olaf had the ears of many young warriors from ours and the surrounding villages. He and his brother Magnus conceived a plan to rob Richard of his support and force him to renounce the ways of the Church.
Young warriors came in the dark of night, first for me and then for Leif. They would have taken me too if not for Isis. She alerted me to their presence. As they entered my home, she lunged and took the first assassin off his feet, crushing his ribs and delivering a severe bite. The other struck her with his axe. I reached for a knife and threw it at him, striking him in the lower part of his neck; still he came at me. Isis turned on him biting into the back of his thigh. He was about to strike her again when I retrieved my sword and ran him through. The first warrior was now back on his feet, but he was hurt with blood dripping from his mouth and nose. Severely injured, he was no match for me, and I dispatched him quickly.
I heard a scream. It was Adel! An assassin was in her room. He did not know that Aries II would be sleeping there. Richard and Ursula had wanted him away from the baby for a while. Lucky for Adel, the man was no match for the dog of war. Adel’s scream brought me and Richard to her aid, but we were not needed. Then we heard the clash of weapons, Leif was defending himself against two assassins. We rushed to his aid. Leif had fought well. They had caught him by surprise, and he was still able to mortally wound his first attacker. He had been severely injured in the process, but by the time we reached him he had wounded the second man and forced him to submit. We bound the man and then Leif collapsed. We summoned help, then Richard thought of his wife and child. We ran to his house with great haste, but they were gone. Richard was distraught; his heart was breaking.
“Who could have done this?” He cried.
“I believe it was the work of those who cling to the old ways and resist the changes that are coming.” I answered.
“Could not they just pretend to accept them and practice the old ways discretely?”
“They could pretend, but their children would be raised in the new ways and that angers them.”
“Do you think that my wife and son are dead?”
“No, if they had wanted them dead, they would have killed them here and not taken them. I believe that they wanted to hurt you and isolate you by killing Leif, me, and your mother. Then when you were alone and grieving, they would make a demand of you.”
“What kind of demand?” He asked.
“I do not know, but I could guess. You were not born here, and you are not a descendant of Norsemen. You do not have the same connection to the old traditions that Leif has. They fear you will submit to William’s desire for orthodoxy with no resistance when you become leader. You celebrating the very public baptism of your son was proof of that to them. They will probably demand your exile or if they are clever, they’ll force you to publicly renounce your faith in the Church. That would ruin you, and you could not possibly lead the village.”
“We must find them! We must rescue my wife and son.” He demanded.
“I will help with all my powers and abilities. All of them! I shall hold nothing back. Be prepared that there will be things that disturb you. This is as war. I shall be bound by no ethics, no morality, and no rules. There will be times when I shall do my work in the shadows. I need to know that you can accept this.”
“Anything, do anything, just find them and bring them back to me alive.” He pleaded.
“I will need some time alone with the man we captured.”
“I shall make it happen.” He said.
I went home. Isis was lying on her rug bleeding heavily. I patched her up the best I could. I could not afford to heal her with magic and thus be fatigued. She would have to heal on her own or at least survive until this crisis was over. I quickly mixed some potions then I collected what I required and left. I stopped at Joan’s house. I told her what had happened, and that Richard’s needs came before those of my dog. I asked her if she would care for Isis. She agreed. Joan had become an accomplished healer, and I knew that she would do her best for the animal that had saved my life. I then hurriedly left her home for I had an appointment to keep.
I arrived at the shed where the man was detained. He was bound to a plank with his face up. I forced him to drink one of the potions that I had made. This potion altered the mind and made one have vivid dreams. I stayed and waited for the potion to take effect. After almost an hour, he was sweating profusely; I could tell the potion was working. I questioned him about the attacks and the kidnappings. He told me nothing, not even his name. I reached into my bag and retrieved a slender metal rod that was about a hand’s width in length. At one end was mounted a small crystal, and the other end was sharpened to a point. I removed the man’s boot and thrust the sharpened end deep into his foot. His scream was heard by the whole village and then he passed out. I pulled the rod from his foot and wrapped it in a cloth.
As I left the shed, I looked up and gazed at the stars. This was going to be a long night, and there was much to do. People glared at me for few thought me capable of such an act of torture. A priest came to me and said that the Pope had a man who could extract the information we desired. I told him that there was not enough time and that the man would confess nothing reliable. Richard was standing outside and gave me a look.
“Was that necessary?” He asked.
“That was only the beginning. There is much more to be done, and you will find some of it most distasteful. I warned you. I must go now and prepare. In a few hours I shall return, then you and I will have some private time with our new friend.”
Stabbing the man’s foot was not intended to be an act of torture even though it had that effect. I had drove the rod into the energy vortex of his foot. This charged the crystal with his essence. I was going to use the crystal and his blood to make a connection to his mind. I would go into a trance while he dreamt, hoping to enter his dreams and gain the information that I sought.
I returned home. Isis was gone. Joan had taken her to her house. On my table were the two potions that I had quickly prepared before I had left. The first one I drank, and the second I stirred with the sharp end of the rod. The end that had our captive’s blood on it. I took a seat and meditated. I sat motionless for an hour maybe longer, then quickly stood up. It was time.
I grabbed the rod and the potion and went back to where the man was held. I collected Richard on my way. He told me that he had sent men out to look for Ursula and her abductors, but he was not hopeful. We soon arrived at the shed. When I tried to enter, the guard did not want to let me pass. I gave him a fierce look, and he conceded. We went into the shed, and I seated myself next to a small table. Richard preferred to stand. Our captive was asleep and under the influence of the potion that I had given him. I poured the potion that contained the man’s blood into a small metal bowl, and then heated it over the flame of a lamp that I had placed on the table. I stirred it with the crystal end of the rod until steam appeared. I inhaled the steam and gently drifted off into a trance.
I started to see images of people and places. They were vague and blurred at first, but gradually they came into focus. I was in his dream, seeing what he saw, hearing what he heard, and feeling what he felt. I saw Olaf talking to Magnus about the evils of Christianity, then I saw a young woman. She was quite pretty, but there was something sad about her as if she was grieving a great loss. This man who was dreaming had strong feelings for her, but I got the impression that they were not returned. Then I saw another man enter and give the women a kiss on the cheek. She was happy to see this man, and I got the feeling that he was family, possibly her brother. This was all that I was going to get. This man’s dreams were totally fixated on this woman. I burned her face into my memory and then awoke from the trance.
“I need to look at the bodies of the men who died tonight.” I told Richard.
“What did you see?” He asked.
“Nothing, maybe everything.” I answered.
We went back to look at the bodies. I uncovered their faces one by one. The man killed by Aries had no face that could be recognized. When I got to the man that Leif had killed, that was him, the woman’s brother. I told Richard of my visions that I believed to be our captive’s dreams. I told him I believed the woman in the dream to be the key to finding Ursula and his son. Then I told him that it was possible that Olaf and Magnus might be involved.
“When the woman comes to the funerals, we will have her followed.” Said Richard.
“My plan exactly, but there is a problem. I only saw her in a dream. Identifying her in the real world may not be so easy. It is also likely that she will attempt to conceal her identity while attending the funeral.”
“Then how do we make sure that we discover her?” Richard asked.
“This is the part that you will find distasteful.” I said.
I had Richard carry the body to a secluded place. Along the way, I explained to him the nature of ghosts, and how I came to be able to capture the remnants of the dead. After Richard set the body down, I removed some blood from the corpse and placed it in a fresh bottle of the base potion that already contained a small amount of my blood. Still being in a partially altered state of consciousness, I could see the man’s remnant. I willed it to enter the potion and then sealed the bottle. We returned the man’s body and then headed back to visit our captive friend.
“That wasn’t so bad.” Said Richard.
“This is my potion, now we need to make yours.”
I gave Richard some of the same potion that I had consumed. As we walked, it suddenly occurred to him what I was conceiving.
“Is it necessary to murder this man?” He asked.
“It is not only necessary, but you will be required to consume some of his essence. We may not get a good look at her face. We may need to identify her by her presence or the way she moves. That takes familiarity, and this is how we shall acquire it.”
Richard was clearly uncomfortable. He had never been exposed to the darker side of the esoteric arts. Even I was going farther than I had ever wished, but these were extreme circumstances. When we arrived at the shed, I placed my hand on the guards shoulder in a friendly manner and then squeezed a pressure point that brought him to his knees. I poured a large dose of pain potion down his throat. Richard then struck him on the head and rendered the guard unconscious.
“What will he say when he awakes?” Asked Richard.
“The potion at this dose blurs the memory. He will be lucky if he remembers anything of this night. Do you remember when you were a boy, and you broke your arm. I used it on you then?”
“Is that why I can never remember breaking my arm. I only remember the next day seeing my arm in splint.” Replied Richard.
We laid the guard down in a comfortable position and then entered the shed. Our captive was still asleep and dreaming vividly. I could see that Richard was having second thoughts. He had taken life in battle, but this was different. To him this seemed wrong, as if we were harvesting this man as if he were livestock. I tried to help him rationalize the situation.
“He will most likely die soon regardless of our actions. His wounds are serious and will most likely kill him. If he survives them, he will probably be executed for what he has done.” I assured Richard.
“I know, but that does not make what we are planning to do right.” He said.
“As you grow older the lines between what it right and just and what is wrong and evil tend to get blurred depending on the situations in which you find yourself faced.”
“I have already begun to experience that of which you speak, but somehow I cannot shake that this action will put a black mark upon my soul.”
“The mark will be mine for it is I who will be taking his life. You will just be harvesting his remnant for a just purpose.” I reassured him.
I saw his resolve strengthen. I reopened the wound on the man’s foot and extracted a small amount of blood and added it to Richard’s potion. Having the blood or a beloved object of the deceased in the potion helps attract the remnant to it. I instructed Richard to feel a pulse point and focus on the man’s heartbeat. This helped forge a connection between them. I waited for Richard to attain a state of higher consciousness. I did not know if this was going to work. I hoped that Richard’s extreme emotional distress and his desire to get his family returned to him would create the energy and vibration required. My grief and desire to get Anne back had been a part in my acquiring of this ability, so now I hoped that the conditions were right for Richard. It was time. I removed a cloth from my pocket and put it over the man’s face, then I placed my hand over his mouth and pinched his nose shut. There was a brief moment of struggle and then it was over. Richard felt the man’s pulse come to an end, and then he opened his eyes. He could see traces of the remnant, little wisps here and there. I put my hand on Richard’s shoulder to help center him while he focused intensely and willed the remnant to enter the bottle. At first it resisted and tried to remain with the physical body, but as he persevered Richard became more proficient, and the remnant eventually entered the potion. Richard had to be the one to capture it. I could only assist.
“We must leave now. It is almost dawn. Go home, and get some sleep. I will come collect you at noon.” I instructed.
Richard did as I suggested, then I too went home and tried to sleep. Sleep was difficult to achieve, but I managed a few hours. I awoke about an hour before noon, and as promised I went to get Richard. We then agreed to go visit Leif. Two large armed men guarded the entrance to Leif’s house and another one was always by his side. Healers were attending him. One was using the correct herbal poultices, and the other was brought by the Church and was using leeches. The leeches were bleeding him and causing him to get weak. There are conditions where leeches are appropriate. They are good at draining stagnant blood and for improving circulation in the elderly where only one or two a couple of times a week is all that is needed. Here they had dozens on him, and they were not helping. I told Leif my opinion. He said that now we had to use the ways of the Church.
We told Leif of our plan to use the funerals to draw out the accomplices and that it was best if the bodies were burned for the accomplices might avoid a Christian burial. He agreed. He wanted to find his daughter and his grandson. He could not imagine who would do such a thing, abduct an infant. It had no honor. We set the funerals for the day after next and had them well announced. Leif was saddened that only his daughters had come to see him. There was no sign of his sons. He assumed that they had not yet heard of what had happened, then Leif told us that the man he wounded had died in the night.
“If I was younger, I would have killed them both outright and suffered not a scratch.” Boasted Leif.
“Time defeats us all.” I said.
“Yes, but time is being much kinder to you than the rest of us.” He said.
“It is the way of my family.” I laughed.
Later that evening the message arrived. It demanded that Richard renounce his faith in Jesus and in the Church, or his wife and child would be killed. Richard showed me the message. I was not surprised.
“It is as I expected. We do not have a lot of time. Getting us more time will be your task. It will require that you stay here and stay visible. I, Lars and James will save them.” I said.
“I must be a part of the rescue party.” He demanded.
“No. You will serve them better by staying here. Trust me to get them back.” Then I told Richard of my plan, and he reluctantly agreed.
The next morning just before first light, I collected Richard. We retreated to a secluded place and put down our mats. We took out our new potions, our ghostly water. I instructed Richard to drink one third of his potion, and I did the same with mine. Then we sat down and began to meditate. One third of someone’s essence is an extreme dose. It had only taken a few drops of Eli’s essence for me to feel his presence and to benefit from his wisdom. I had never taken near this much, and this was Richard’s first experience. Centering in meditation was difficult; the man’s feelings and personality were almost taking over and merging with my own. Richard was having even a harder time maintaining control. I used esoteric breathing techniques to deepen my meditation. After gaining mastery over the foreign essence, I assumed normal consciousness. I then went to Richard’s aid, and assisted him in gaining control. We then spent some time exploring the nature of these men whose essences we had consumed until we were confident that we would be able to recognize the woman. 
The day had come, and it was now about an hour before the fires were to begin. Richard made his appeal to the crowd. He begged for the safe return of his wife and child and offered a sizable reward. No questions would be asked. He knew that his plea was futile, but it was a ploy to gain more time. We also hoped that the offer of a reward might cause some divisiveness among the kidnappers. Greed can be a powerful tool. While he spoke, Richard surveyed the crowd looking for the woman. Then he saw a cloaked figure move farther back into the crowd. He scratched his chin.
This was his signal to me. I started traveling in the direction of his gaze. I mingled with the crowd until I saw the woman.  I could tell it was her. The essence I had absorbed could feel it. Then I saw that she had an infant with her, and I was sure that it was Mark. Lars was approaching me from the other side of the crowd. I looked at the woman, and he gave me a nod. We traded off watching her to avoid suspicion. When the funeral rites were over, there was food, drink and music as was the custom. The woman left early by horse drawn cart. I sent my bird to follow her.
I gathered James, Lars and some men I knew to be loyal to Richard. Before we left, I went to see Adel. I told her that all would be well and that I needed Aries with me. She knew me well enough to tell that I had conceived a plan and was preparing for action. She gave me the dog and wished me success. I told her to stay home and pray and that we needed her to seem despaired and not hopeful. It was necessary for things to appear that the kidnappers were in control. Richard had men out looking for Ursula. This was to be expected, and our adversaries had likely planned for it. They could not have known of the powers that Richard and I possessed. Even I was not sure we would be able to accomplish what we did. They would be caught off guard if all went as planned.
We headed out to follow the woman, whom I believed to be the key to finding Ursula. One of the new men and Lars rode on horseback; the rest of us were in a cart drawn by two horses. Lars took the lead as we set forth. I sat in the back of the cart with Aries lying by my side. I went into a deep meditation to watch the woman and the road ahead with my eyes in the sky. The new men were a little concerned seeing me in this state most of the time.
“He is just praying for our success.” Said James.
“He prays for considerable time?” Replied one of the men.
“He is very religious man.” Said Lars, smiling to himself.
The men shrugged it off and went about their own conversing and telling of tales. We came to a fork in the road, and I subtlety pointed our direction to Lars. He suspected that I was using some form of magic to guide us and casually headed his steed down the correct path. At one point I saw a lookout hidden in the high ground. I then pretended to be ill, and we stopped for a while. When my bird had seen him leave, I miraculously recovered, and we continued forth. I saw the women enter a small settlement and go into one of the dwellings. I perched my bird upon its roof. We then waited until just after dark before entering this tiny village.
That evening Richard received another message: “No gold, No silver! Renounce or they will die.” An hour or two later, Richard made a public announcement. He said that someone claiming to have his wife and child had made demands. He said that he would not comply with those demands until he had proof that they were actually the ones that had his wife. They could do this by sending him her ring with their next message.
Richard was playing his part to perfection. He was giving us the time we required. We knew that he would have preferred to be here with us, but his presence would have alerted the kidnappers. Even seeing him leave the village or his very absence would have signaled to them that something was amiss.
It was dawn, and we had setup positions around the house. About an hour later a bird was launched from a window. It had a message tied to one leg and a ring tied to the other. We knew that we were in the right place, then a moment later the women left the house with a child in her arms. As she went around the corner, we grabbed her. We took her and the child to a secluded place where we had her bound and gagged. I left two of the new men to guard her and see to the child.
Uric, James, Lars and I prepared our assault on the house. We needed to be lightning fast to get Ursula out unharmed. I sent James around back with his bow to make sure that no one escaped from the rear. Uric, the new man, Lars and I would come in from the front. Aries made short work of the door. His huge bulk flying into it, reduced it to splinters. I came in first catching the guard by surprise. I flicked a powder into his eyes and when Lars entered, he pommeled the man into unconsciousness.  Uric guarded the door as Aries and I burst into the backroom. Lars was quick to follow. There was Ursula bound to a chair and gagged. There was only a single guard, but he was up and had a blade to her throat.
“Stay back, put down your weapons and leave or I will kill her!” He yelled.
“Do you see this dog? It is her dog. If you but draw a single drop of her blood, this dog will truly tear you into pieces. You may not die right away. We will take your body, alive or dead, and put it out for the crows and vultures to feed upon. No fire, no afterlife for a coward that kills a women.” I yelled back at him.
“I am no coward. Stay back!”
The more that I looked into this man’s eyes the more familiar he was to me. He was my brother or so it felt. Ah, he was the brother of the man whose remnant I possessed. That made him the brother of the women we held as well.
In a calmer voice I said, “We have your sister and the child.”
“Let her go. She had nothing to do with this. We needed her to nurse the babe and that was all. Let her go.” He insisted.
“If you kill Ursula, you will die now and your sister will hang. Is that what you want?”
I maintained eye contact and was subtlety moving to the side. The guard followed my movements. Ursula understood what I was doing and shifted her weight towards her captor. I gave my sword to Lars and drew my light blade, Eli’s blade.
“Would you like to die as a warrior in one on one combat with me? No one will interfere. Your two friends tried to take me in my sleep, and they are now dead by my hand. Would you like to avenge them? If truth be known, I am much more important to Richard than her. He could always remarry, but he would be hard pressed to replace me as his mentor and advisor.” I said, trying to goad the man into attacking me.
Ursula gave me an evil look, but she understood what I was doing. I could tell that the guard was considering my offer. Then he looked at Aries and before he could say a word, I winked. An arrow shot through the window striking him in the back of his shoulder. He instinctively drew his arm away from Ursula. She threw her weight away from him causing her chair to topple to the floor. In the same instance I shouted “Aries attack” and Aries flew across the room taking the man to the floor. He tore off the man’s face with a single bite from his giant maul. I cut Ursula free and recalled Aries. I did not know if the man was alive or dead, and I did not take the time to check. Lars gave me back my sword with a nod. We then left with haste.
Once outside, we saw Olaf, Magnus, and four other warriors heading towards us. I gave Ursula Eli’s blade. When James met up with us, they hesitated seeing his bow and hearing Aries start to growl. Two of Olaf’s warriors broke ranks and charged us. James put an arrow through one’s throat, then Lars and I easily killed the other. We knew how to fight as a team. Olaf and his men retreated. It seemed too easy.
Earlier that day, Richard received the message with the ring. It said: “Renounce or we will kill them.” He gave word that he would make a public announcement that evening after the late meal. He prayed that we were successful.
We worked our way back to where our men were waiting. They had been undiscovered. Ursula retrieved her son, as the woman looked on in sadness. She had lost her child and was sorely grieving. This babe was to be hers, and now she was losing him as well. Uric wondered what we should do with the woman. I told the men to let her go. What she would find back at the house would be more than enough punishment.
We gathered our horses and cart. I quickly attached a message to one of our homing birds and set it to flight. We traveled back using the same road; this time Lars and James were on horseback. We maintained a moderate pace for we did not wish to stress our horses. I had my bird in the air to scout for possible ambushes. Keeping my bird from flying directly home was always a challenge for it often would get too far ahead. I was having it circle back to get closer to us when I saw them. It was not an ambush for which we had to worry; we were being pursued. Olaf, Magnus, their two companions from the street, along with two new warriors were riding hard to intercept us. I told our driver to quicken the pace while I observed our pursuers from the air.
We came to a wooded area, and I directed us to stop. I said that men on horses were following us and pointed down the road. You could just barely see their dust, and the men wondered how I had noticed so faint a trace. Lars and James dismounted. I had James hide the horses in the woods. He and I would stay and prepare the ambush. I retrieved my bow and quiver and then sent the cart with the rest of our party on their way.
James and I took positions on either side of the road. I examined the arrows in my quiver. I removed the best one, and treated it with the poison powder that I had used on the guard. I could see from the air that one Olaf’s men possessed a bow. He would be my first target. Soon we could see the riders approaching. I signaled James. When they got into range, we released our first volley. James struck Magnus in the thigh, and I hit their bowman in the side with the poisoned arrow. He was armored and the arrow by itself would not have killed him, but it did penetrate enough for the poison to do its work. We drew again taking two men off their horses. Olaf, Magnus, the bowman, and the other man sped ahead of us. We shot at their flank injuring one of their horses; then they were gone. We drew our swords and rushed the men we had downed.
James’s man was still on the ground, and he dispatched him quickly with a thrust to the throat. My man was getting to his feet and shaking off his fall. He had an arrow protruding from his shoulder. This man was larger and stronger than me not to mention younger, and he was armed with an axe. I engaged him in combat. My mind and body remembered my training with Eric and how to use quickness and deception when battling a larger man armed with an axe. I thought that James would come to my aid, but he was nowhere to be seen. We continued to fight. I was battered and bruised but holding my own. Neither of us was winning. Then an arrow struck my opponent; I then quickly pommeled him to the head. He fell to the ground and ceased to move. James was on horseback. He had shot from a mounted position. I was impressed. He had gone to get the horses for he was confident that I could hold my own.
“Hurry, mount up. We are getting too old for this.” James yelled.
I mounted my steed, and we rode off after Olaf and Magnus. Now we were the pursuers. In a few minutes, we came upon the bowman. He had planned to ambush us, but the poison was now beginning to affect his vision. His arrows missed us as we sped past him. I did not envy his fate. If the poison did not kill him, it was going to make him gravely ill.
Lars saw that Olaf and Magnus were gaining on them. There was another rider in the distance, but his horse seemed unable to keep up. They stopped the cart. Uric, Lars, and another man loyal to Richard got out to make a stand. The cart containing Ursula and her child proceeded towards our village at full speed. Lars drew his sword, and the other men lifted their axes. When the horses arrived, Uric swung low striking Olaf’s horse in the leg. He had held his shield high, but it was not enough. Olaf’s sword had caught him at the top of his head, and he possessed no helmet. Olaf’s horse fell crashing to the ground. Lars traded blows with Magnus, then Magnus sped by him racing after Ursula. By this time our other man had engaged the slower rider and had taken him off his horse.
Olaf was rising to his feet. If he had healed fully from the injuries that he suffered during his youth, he might well have been able to defeat the graying Lars. Seeing that Lars was eager to engage him made him apprehensive. He could also see that James and I were rapidly approaching, and he decided that to retreat was the better course of action. He was able to retrieve the injured horse before Lars could reach him and headed into the forest. The other warrior had killed our man, but had suffered wounds of his own. Lars engaged him. By the time we arrived, Lars had bested the man, who was now on the ground and gravely injured. Lars mounted up with James, then we raced after Magnus leaving the wounded warrior to his fate.
Magnus was gaining on the cart. As he closed, he drew his sword. He intended to kill his sister and her child. Ursula stared back at him and yelled “Brother no! We are family.” Magnus would not relent. She knew what she needed to do and it saddened her, but the life of her son was at stake. Again she looked at her brother and said, “I am sorry.” Then she shouted “Aries kill.”
Magnus had forgotten about the war dog lying in the cart. Aries rose and leaped from the cart crashing his four hundred pound frame into Magnus’s horse. A jumbled mass of horse, dog, and man tumbled to the ground. The horse’s front legs were shattered. Aries’s foreleg was broken along with several ribs. Blood sprayed from his nostrils. Even on three legs he was a formidable sight with his lips pulled back showing enormous teeth and all the hairs along his spine on edge.
Magnus rose from his fall. He too had cracked ribs. The broken arrow shaft protruding from his leg was dripping with blood. He was banged and bruised, and his vision slightly blurred. After he saw the cart race from sight, his gaze turned to Aries. He would enjoy slaying Richard’s dog, but he knew it would bring no political advantage and attacking even an injured dog of war could be a very dangerous undertaking. He could see the dust from my horse and knew that we would soon be upon him. He too thought it better to retreat and do battle another day.
I saw Magnus quickly limp away. Aries want to give chase, but was unable. I grabbed my bow and took aim at Magnus. My arrow grazed the top his shoulder. He turned and gave me an obscene gesture and then continued into the woods where he disappeared. I dismounted and attended to Aries. I gave the dog a small dose of my pain potion. Soon Lars and James caught up to me. Their horse was exhausted at trying to keep up while carrying two riders.
I gave Lars my horse and told them to catch up with Ursula and find a safe place to camp for the horses needed to be rested. I would get there when I could, and if not I would meet them at the village, or they could send someone to retrieve me. James and Lars rode off while I stayed with Aries. It did not take them long to overtake the cart. Together they continued down the road until a suitable place to camp was found.
I knew that Aries could not travel far under his own power in his present state. I had several choices: leave him behind, put him down, or heal him. If I healed him with my base potion, I would be greatly weakened. If I healed him with ghostly water, we would be connected. War dogs may not show it, but they are very emotional creatures with powerful feelings. Eli had warned me of this and said it was best not to join my mind with theirs. I unsealed a bottle and used the potion to heal him. It took more energy than I expected. I was weak and light headed. Aries was breathing better and could now put some of his weight on the leg. We slowly took to the road.
The late meal had finished, and Richard made his announcement. He publicly reaffirmed his faith in the Church and in God. He said that he was praying for the safe return of his family, and he wished for others to pray for it as well. Only Richard new the contents of the message I had sent to him. Except for his name, it was written in Greek, and there were very few in our region that could read what it said. After Richard read it, he burned it. Richard had made sure that the priests knew of the messages that Ursula’s abductors had sent him. He did this through the confessional when he confessed his rage and desires for vengeance towards the men who had taken his wife and child. Now the Church and eventually William would believe that with the high likelihood that his wife and child would be killed, Richard had kept faith in the Church. This would make him a desired candidate for leadership in their eyes.
Richard was learning the game well. His diversions had succeeded in buying us more time, and he had deceived the Church into believing that he was more committed to them than he really was. When his wife and child were returned to him, he would have more cards to play in his rise to power.
It was nearly dawn when Aries and I caught up to our friends. They were still camped and James was on watch. He was glad to see us and wondered how I managed to get the injured war dog to travel this far. I told him that Aries was not hurt as bad as it originally appeared. He gave me an unbelieving look. James helped me get Aries into the cart. The dog was not yet strong enough to leap up on his own. In the cart, he curled up and instantly fell asleep. I was exhausted and did the same. When I finally awoke, we were almost home. Ursula was sitting up nursing her son. Aries was still fast asleep. Soon we were met by armed men on horseback. These men were loyal to Richard and escorted us on the final miles home.
Our arrival was cause for great celebration. Richard praised Jesus and said that God had answered his prayers. I was impressed by how well he manipulated the crowd and the priests. Ursula had been told about her father’s injuries, and she wanted to see him. After she embraced her husband and thanked the crowd for their loving reception, she was taken to her father’s house. Leif was growing weaker, and it took him considerable effort to get up to embrace his daughter.
“Father, it pains me to see you this way.” She said.
“I am just glad that I can see you again before death takes me.” He responded.
“You are still strong, and it is not yet your time.” She reassured him.
“Do not lie to me for I know better.” He said.
“It was Olaf and Magnus that did this to you, and it was they who took me.” She told him.
Leif’s face saddened. This blow was worse than the ones that had wounded him. He could not believe that his sons were capable of this, but in his heart he knew that she spoke the truth. “Why would they do such a thing?” He asked her.
“They are against the Church, and violently oppose it making them abandon the old ways. They also believe that you favor Richard over them, and this has caused them to hate him.”
“For their actions, I declare Olaf and Magnus to be traitors. Now you must take me to the village square.” Commanded Leif.
“Father, you are too weak.” She said.
“This must be done while I still have the strength.” He said.
While Ursula and Richard attended to Leif, I left for Joan’s house to check on Isis. Joan was there, and Isis was still alive. Joan told me that she had done her best, and now it was up to the dog. She kissed my cheek and then left. I had told her that Leif was going to address the crowd, and she went to hear him speak. I stayed and examined Isis. Joan had done exceptional work; her knowledge of healing and herbs rivaled my own. Isis was stable for now, but her recovery was not certain. I would need to rest for days in order to regain enough vital energy to help her with magic. For now, she would have to heal on her own.
I looked out the window and saw Leif being aided to the village square as a crowd gathered to hear him speak. He used all his strength to sound like the leader that he was. He charged Olaf and Magnus with their crimes and declared them to be traitors. He also declared that if death took him, he wanted Richard to succeed him as leader if that was also the wish of the people. The crowd cheered. Most of them now loved Richard and respected his abilities. Leif was pleased with their response. Richard, Ursula, his guards, and his healers then helped Leif back to his home.
Richard’s position as the new leader was assured. It was within Richard’s power to save Leif for I was far too weak to do so. Richard wanted to try, but there was not a way for him to get enough time alone with Leif. Also if Richard healed him, he himself would be in a weakened condition during this turbulent time. This weighed on him heavily for he wanted to stay strong in case his family needed his protection, and of course if Leif made a miraculous recovery, there would be questions and rumors. Leif himself was becoming much more devout now that he was facing his own mortality. He now had more faith in the priests and the Church than in village healers or magic. Healing him our way might not be looked upon with gratitude. We loved Leif and wished for his recovery, but it was not possible or prudent for us to intervene.
Leif lingered for another two days and then passed. The village mourned deeply over his death. He was well loved by the people. Leif was the first leader of our village to have a Christian burial rather than a warrior’s fire. Hundreds came to his funeral. He was credited with unifying the region under William, and was considered a great warrior, a peace maker, and a man of wisdom. He was all of these things. As to his desire and by consent of the people, Richard was chosen to be our new leader.


Chapter 11


In a small farm dwelling outside the settlement where Ursula was held, Olaf and Magnus regrouped. They were joined by several young warriors and an old woman. The woman was a healer. She had managed to extract the arrow from Magnus’s thigh and was now treating his festering wound and his fever.
“Will he live?” Asked Olaf.
“I do not know. He is young and strong that is in his favor.” Said the old woman.
“Is there not more that you could do for him?”
“I have done all that I know. My daughter has greater knowledge than I, but she is a friend of Richard. I could consult with her, but she may wish to know whom I was healing.” She said.
“For now do what you can without her help. We will wait and see if he improves.” Said Olaf.
The sun had not yet set when a messenger entered the house and handed a letter to Olaf. Olaf read the message to Magnus and the other men. He told Magnus that their father had died and been given a Christian burial and that Richard was the new leader of the village. He had been chosen by their father and by the consent of the people. Olaf, Magnus, and the other young men all spat on the floor in disgust.
By now William had heard of Leif’s death and the rebellion against Christian orthodoxy. He wanted to send his own troops to handle this problem. Richard sent word back saying that he wished to deal with this himself as the first real test of his new position. William acquiesced, but said that he would not wait long for results. He also said that the Pope would send his own man to assist us with this situation.
Richard consulted me. He knew it was important to capture or kill Olaf, Magnus, and their supporters as fast as possible. I told him that Magnus would likely need a healer for his wounds, or that he may have already died from sepsis. If he was dead, they would give him a funeral fire. It was decided that Richard would send out trusted men to follow healers, and others to listen for news of funeral fires. In addition, he had sent soldiers into the settlement from where we had rescued Ursula. They would search and occupy the small village until Olaf and Magnus were found.
I was home preparing the evening meal as Isis curled up on her blanket. She was recovering well from her injuries. I had invited Joan and Adel to join me for I had a desire for company. We enjoyed the meal together and after we had finished, we drank strong herbal teas and conversed. We discussed the recent events, local gossip, and of how Ingrid had grown into a great warrior, as good as any man. Joan was very proud of her, but she was also sad that her daughter was lonely. Ingrid did not lack friends, but she had no man in life and this made her unhappy. Joan empathized with Ingrid’s condition and had told her that it was often the curse for being one of the formidable women. Joan then asked me if I had any fairy’s moss that I could lend her.
“Are you treating someone with festering wounds?” I asked her.
“No. I am just out of it, and I like to keep some on hand. Now is not the season to collect it.”
“I know, it needs to get a little wetter. Did you use all of yours on Isis?” I asked.
“On her and I gave the last of my supply to my mother.” She said.
“Is your mother hurt?”
“No. She is a healer as well and needed it for a friend’s injured horse. I told her that yellow sulfur and fairy’s moss were my favorites for treating such wounds, and I gave her what I had on hand.”
“I have plenty and can refill your stock. It is the least that I can do to repay you for what you did for Isis.” I said.
After tea, I gave Joan a leather pouch containing the moss and then she and Adel left. I began to wonder about Joan’s mother. She was old and preferred the old ways to the doctrines of the Church. In her younger years, she had been a formidable woman, and as was their tradition, she took up the healing arts and midwifery when she could no longer wield a sword. She had not the skill for healing that her daughter possessed, but she was competent. I thought that Olaf and Magnus might seek her out if they were in need of a healer. I went to see Richard.
I told him that it might be possible that Joan’s mother was helping to heal Magnus, and asked if he was having her followed. He told me that he was, but now he would add more men to watch her. I asked if there had been any new reports as to the location of Olaf and Magnus. He told me that his men had captured the man that I had blinded when we rescued Ursula. The man had refused to talk, so Richard had handed him over to the Church. The Pope’s man had arrived in our village to aid us with this matter.
“Do you think that was necessary?” I said to Richard.
“I thought it was.” He insisted.
“They are not likely to get any valuable information from him even using their harsh methods.”
“I know, but it distracts the Church and gives them something to do instead of interfering with my work. It also acts as a warning to those who would conspire with Olaf.”
“I have taught you well, maybe too well. Do not lose your compassion and humanity in this quest. That price would be too high.”
“I will keep that in mind.” He said.
“We need to summon all our resources to find Olaf. You and I may have access to information that we have yet to tap. In the essences that we consumed may be the answers we seek. I am now strong enough to perform the necessary procedures.”
“When can we access this information and how difficult is it to acquire?” Asked Richard.
“We require a block of time where we will not be interrupted. We will again need to go into states of deep meditation with the use of special potions. In addition, we will need personal items that belonged to Olaf and Magnus. Even a recent lock of hair or better yet some blood will do.” I explained.
“I will make a time available. Any particular time of day that you prefer for this?” He asked.
“Twilight.” I said.
I went to see Lars. Lars knew of using personal objects and elements from the body such as blood for magical purposes. His clothing possessed some of Magnus’s blood from their encounter on the road. The blood had most likely come from Magnus’s arrow wound. Lars had not yet had the clothing washed. He cut a small piece from his garment that was stained with blood and gave it to me. Lars said that he would search among Leif’s possessions for a personal object belonging to Olaf. I then went home to prepare some potions.
The next day around noon, Lars came to my house. He brought with him a wooden practice sword that he believed Olaf had used when he was a boy. Weapons can be powerfully imprinted with the essence of their owner. They are thought of as extensions of their wielder’s body if that person practices with them in the correct state of mind. I closed my eyes as I examined the object. Through my touch I tried to feel for Olaf’s presence. It was there. This object would meet our need. I thanked Lars for his assistance. He was curious about what kind of magic we were going to perform. I told him he was better not knowing. He was disappointed but not overly so. He understood the times in which we were now living.
It was a little before sunset when Richard arrived at my house. My room was lit by a single candle on the center of the table. On the table were two cups, a piece of stained cloth, and a wooden sword. We got comfortable in our chairs and slowly sipped from our cups, as I told Richard the procedures for the night. Soon the potion’s effects were distorting our sense of time and space. I placed the cloth in my hands and Richard picked up the wooden sword. We sat back and closed our eyes. I began to have visions of where and when the man whose essence I had consumed and Magnus had met. The visions were vague and unfocused. These visions and streams of memories continued for hours. I just let them flow, not judging them or seeking anything from them. As the visions became less frequent and less intense, I knew it was time to awaken from this state. I opened my eyes and went to arouse Richard.
We both sipped a strong herbal tea while we told each other of our experiences. The visions were too much like dreams to provide hard facts or details. This was not a wasted effort; it was preparation for we still had work to do. I cleared a portion of my table and laid out a map. I did the same on another small table I had in my other room. I handed Richard a light chain with a small crystal attached to it. He went into the room to perform his task, as I sat down at my main table to perform mine. I too had a similar crystal pendulum. I closed my eyes and held the crystal over the map. In my mind, I asked where Magnus would go to heal. I searched the map with the crystal, as Richard did the same with his pendulum.
When my crystal settled on a single point on the map, I made a mark. I waited for Richard until I saw him do the same to his map. He got up and brought his map to me. We examined the maps and found that we had both picked the same place. We then left my house and went into the village where Richard found a warrior loyal to him and gave him the map and some instructions. The man mounted a horse and quickly rode off. Now we could only wait to see if our efforts had yielded the results we sought. Richard went home to his wife, and I went back to my house for some food and a good night’s sleep.
Two days later a bird arrived with the message: “Magnus captured along with three others.” The message made no mention of Olaf. It would be over a day before Richard’s men would return with the prisoners. In the meanwhile, Richard sent a report to William and notified the Pope’s representative.
When the prisoners arrived, it was obvious that one was an old woman. Joan burst into tears when she saw her. It was her mother. The captives were then brought before Richard. He recognized Magnus and Joan’s mother. He did not know the other two men. It saddened him that Joan’s mother was involved in this conspiracy. He knew that Joan would be distraught, and what he had to do would permanently damage their long held friendship. He briefly questioned the prisoners and then had them detained. The Pope’s man demanded that he get to question them, especially the woman. His hatred of women was obvious; the Church had always been at odds with the feminine. Richard told him that he would have to wait until he was finished with them. Richard wanted the prisoners to sit and stew for a while before he questioned them again. Joan came to see Richard. He could sense her feelings of desperation.
“I come to beg mercy for my mother.” She pleaded.
“She was caught rendering aid to the rebels.” Said Richard.
“She has known Olaf and Magnus their entire lives. She helped bring them into the world. They are like family. What would you do for family?”
“If it were up to me, I would question her and then release or exile her, but I am beholden to William and the Church. My hands are tied, what would you have me do?” He said.
“I do not know, but you cannot hand her over to that man. He is evil and hates women.”
“I have the knowledge to end her life with little pain and make it look as if it was done in an act of anger.” Richard tendered.
“It may come to that. I need to speak to my mother alone.”
“I can arrange a time for you to see her.” Said Richard.
Joan then sought out my council. She wanted to know if Richard could actually deliver on his offer of a quick death for her mother. I told her that he possessed the sufficient skill, but that I might be able to offer her another option.
“I can fashion a potion that feigns death. There are risks, especially for one as elderly as your mother.” I told her.
“What are these risks?” She asked.
“If the dose is too high, she could die. If she is left in the death trance for too long, she could also die or become feeble minded.” I explained.
“Make the potion. Richard has granted me some private time with her. I will present her with these options. It will be her choice.”
“Will you be able to forgive Richard if she dies?” I asked.
“I do not know. I know that I could never forgive him if he hands her over to that dreadful man.”
“He will not let that happen.” I assured her.
“I am feeling torn apart for I love both Richard and my mother. What am I to do?” She cried.
“Go home and comfort your daughters. Return to me in three hours, and I will have the potion ready.” Joan left and I went to work on creating the potions for I needed two: one to sedate and the other to revive. I had nearly all the ingredients at hand and went furiously to work. There was one substance that I did not have, but I knew where to acquire it. I went into the forest and selected three rotting logs of the correct size and type. One by one I placed them in my fire. From the second log it emerged, a salamander of the type that I desired. From it, I would extract the key substance required to feign death.
While I was fashioning the potions, Richard was contemplating his strategies. He needed to kill or capture Olaf soon, or William may see the need to send his own troops. The boys who were his friends were now his enemy and that saddened him greatly. He could not be lenient with them for fear of appearing weak, and there was hate in his heart for them as well for what they had done. He needed a plan to find Olaf and to keep the Pope’s man distracted and out of his way. It was time to question Magnus. I was called to witness the interrogation.
“Have you no honor or love of family? You killed your father, abducted and tried to murder your sister.” Yelled Richard.
“They chose you over us. You are not one of us; you are Saxon. You have come here to destroy our ancient ways and traditions!” Accused Magnus.
“We grew up together. I thought us friends.”
“We were friends when I was too young to know better. Now we must destroy you and return our people to the ways of our ancestors.”
“You are a foolish dreamer. The Church is unstoppable and most of our people are already devout. William too is unstoppable. He will unify Normandy into a great power. Even now his influence and power is felt beyond the confines of duchy. You will create only suffering and death by your resistance.” Richard expounded.
“Then so be it, death with honor.” Said Magnus.
“You have no honor. If you possessed any, you would have challenged me to open combat instead of threating a woman and her child.”
“We considered it, but having you renounce Christianity would have been a greater help to our cause.”
“So now you are more politician than warrior.” Richard spit in his face.
“So what is to be my fate? Am I to die at your hands?”
“No. When I am done questioning you, I will turn you over to the Church. The Pope’s man desires very much to have a talk with you. When he is done with you, you will be tried and most likely hanged or possibly burned.” Richard threatened.
“Are you afraid to do your own killing?” Magnus said tauntingly.
“I would love to strangle you for what you did to your father and Ursula, but as leader I must show restraint. You brought the Church into this when you demanded that I renounce. Now you will suffer the consequences.”
“Olaf will avenge me.”
“Where is your dear brother? Is he too frightened to come and face me?”
“My brother is not a coward, and he will not let me be hanged or burned alive.”
Richard thought to himself: I am counting on it. Richard motioned to the guards “Take him to the Monsignor.” The men grabbed Magnus and carried him away. I then returned home for Joan would be there soon.
Joan came to my house at the appointed time. I gave her the two potions and instructions on their use. Richard had arranged for her to see her mother shortly. I encouraged her, telling her that all will work out as intended. She took the potions and left.
When Joan met with her mother, she could see the fear in old woman’s eyes. Joan told her that she would not be handed over to the Church and the Monsignor, nor would she be burned alive. She told her of the plans conceived and the risks involved. Her mother paused silently in thought. A peaceful look came over her face, and she whispered in Joan’s ear. Joan hugged her mother and said she loved her. Joan’s time was up, and she had to leave.
Joan came to me and told me of her mother’s decision. I said that I would attend to the details and went off to discuss the course of action with Richard. Richard concurred with the plan. He then went out and summoned that the old woman be brought to him. He also sent for the Pope’s emissary. 
Joan’s mother sat in a chair, her hands bound. The Monsignor had just arrived. Richard greeted him, “I thought that you would wish to be present when I questioned her?” Then Richard turned his attention to Joan’s mother and looked into her eyes. “Where is Olaf? Where is he hiding?” He shouted.
“I don’t know.” She cried pleadingly.
“Do you know of his meeting places?”
“I had only been to the one. I was only there to heal Magnus.” She answered.
“You know that if you do not tell me what I need to know, you will be tortured and then burned alive.” He threatened.
“I cannot tell you what I do not know.” She cried.
Richard struck her with the back of his hand. “You know more than you are telling, old woman. Do you wish to be struck again?” He yelled.
“I don’t know anything. Please have mercy.” She wept.
Richard appeared angered. He grabbed her by the throat lifting her off the chair. Staring into her eyes he said, “You will tell me what I need to know.” He threw her back into the chair. He turned to the Monsignor and said, “I shall get her to talk, and she will tell me all that she knows.”
The Monsignor then turned to look at the old woman. “She has passed out.” He said.
Richard looked at the guard and said, “Revive her.”
The guard tried and then looked at Richard and said, “I cannot; she is dead.”
The Monsignor examined her. “You were too rough. You have killed her.”
“She was frail and would have fared no better under your interrogations.” Declared Richard.
“Still, I am disappointed that I did not have a chance to question her. She may have had information concerning others who are involved in this conspiracy against the Church.”
Richard turned to the guard and said, “Give the body to her family and then fetch me the other two prisoners.”
The guard did as commanded and soon the other two men were before Richard and the Monsignor. One was a stout warrior, well-muscled and a little less than six feet in height. His scars betrayed that he had seen battle. The other was but a boy; he was of fair complexion and not yet fully grown into his frame. Richard looked at them both and yelled, “Where is Olaf?” The two men said nothing. Richard struck them, and still they would not talk. They would not even give their names. It went on, the beatings and the questions. Richard spent most of his time on the older man. In an apparent act of frustration, Richard drew his knife and severed the man’s finger and threw into the boy’s lap. Looking the boy in the eyes, Richard yelled, “Tell me where he is?”
The boy broke and cried “I don’t know, I don’t know. Please have mercy.”
Richard grabbed the boy by the throat and lifted him from the chair. With his powerful grip, he crushed the small bones in the neck that held the artery along the spine. The boy collapsed to the floor. Richard now looked at the other man and said, “That was your fault, now tell me what I wish to know.” The man stared back at him with a look of hatred and said nothing. Richard turned to the Monsignor saying, “He is all yours; do with him what you will.”
The Monsignor motioned to the guard and the prisoner was taken away. He then turned to Richard. “You have killed another one. I know the tactic, kill one to break the other, but it rarely works. I would have killed the older one, the boy would have been easier to break.” Said the Monsignor.
“The boy had already broken and knew nothing. You still have three men to question. I hope that you have better results than I.” Richard retorted.
The Pope’s man left and then Richard turned to me. “I hope that I never have to do anything like that again.”
“You played it well and gave the boy a merciful death.” I said.
“It pained me to beat him. I went as easy as I could on them and still keep it convincing.”
“I was quite convinced.” I said.
“That man seemed to enjoy watching them suffer.” Said Richard.
“He did and he enjoys it even more when he is the one inflicting it.” I said.
“How do men with such black hearts exist in this world?” He asked me.
“You know that within all men there is light and darkness, good and evil. He who feeds the darkness within him, grows the evil inside.”
“I will be relieved when the Monsignor finally leaves our village.” Sighed Richard.
“I hope that day will be soon, but I fear that he may be with us for some time.” I said.
Joan with the help of Ingrid had taken Joan’s mother’s body to a secluded place and unwrapped her. Joan poured the potion into her mother’s mouth and waited the prescribed amount of time. Then Joan and Ingrid went down to the old woman’s feet. At the same time, they jabbed their thumbs into the energy vortexes located on the soles of her feet. The old woman sat up with a gasp. She was disoriented at first then slowly recovered her awareness.
“Are you alright? Was Richard too rough with you?” Asked Joan.
“I don’t remember much after drinking that potion you placed in my pocket.” She said.
“I was worried that the plan would not work, but you look none worse for the wear.” Said Joan.
“Where do I go now?” She asked.
“We will take you to your cousin’s house. She is a bit of a recluse and lives in a remote area. You will be safe there.” Said Joan.
“I’ll go crazy there. She rarely sees anyone, and she talks to animals.”
“I know, but just be thankful that you are not in the hands of the Monsignor.” Joan extoled.
“Can I go out and practice my craft?”
“Absolutely not, it is much too dangerous. If you were to get caught, you would be handed over to the Church, and you would also be putting me and your granddaughters in danger.”
“Alright, I will stay out of sight until you tell me that I can do otherwise.” She acquiesced.
“Thank you. It may take a while before everyone forgets about you. Then you will be able to blend in as just another old woman.” Joan reassured her.
Joan’s mother laid down in the cart and covered herself with a blanket. Joan and Ingrid pushed the cart down the road. They had a long distance to travel.
The Monsignor had gotten no information from the first man, the blinded man. In his frustration, the Monsignor had him tried and hanged to set an example to others who would conspire against the Church. He would not let anyone remove the body. He wanted it to hang there and be seen. Richard and I found this revolting and wanted nothing to do with it.
Now the Monsignor turned his attention to Magnus and the other man whose finger had been severed. After three days, Richard went to check on his progress. The Monsignor had nothing to report and had gained no new information. Richard examined the prisoners. Magnus was weak. The wound on his leg had been reopened, and there was pus oozing from it. As Richard approached the other man; he could smell the rotting flesh. This man’s hand was red and swollen, and his fingers were turning black at the tips. Richard took the Monsignor into the other room to have words with him.
“I want Magnus returned to me.” Demanded Richard.
“I am not done with him.” Said the Monsignor.
“I do not care. I need him alive in order to draw his brother out, and I do not trust that you will keep him that way.”
“I have the authority of the Church!” The Monsignor said with raised voice.
“Both William and the Pope want this rebellion put down. You and your methods have produced nothing. Should I report to them that you are retarding my ability to solve this problem?” Threatened Richard.
“Alright, you can have him. May I ask what you plan to do with him?”
“I plan to heal him and then put him to a very public trial.” Said Richard.
Magnus was returned to Richard’s custody, then I was summoned to examine him. He was in bad shape. I had the guards hold him while I forced some pain potion down his throat. In less than an hour, he was docile and easy to treat. After I did all that I could with herbs and tonics, I used some of my vital energy to insure that he would recover. His friend in the hospitality of the Monsignor was not so lucky. The septic wound had poisoned his blood.
The Monsignor came to Richard complaining that his prisoner was dying. He wanted Richard to find him a healer. Richard inquired as to why he was not using his own healers. The Monsignor knew that his were ineffective. The Church did not approve of using the old traditional ways of healing for they thought them too related to pagan ways. Those who were proficient in the healing arts tended to practice in the shadows, not wanting to attract the attention of the Church. The Monsignor confessed that his healers were not up to the task, so Richard sent him the one competent man that had been tending Leif. The healer took one look at the man and said it was too late. He told them that if he had been called much earlier, perhaps he could have helped, but now there was nothing that he could do. The next day the man in the Monsignor’s custody died.
It took several days for Magnus to recover his strength. In the meanwhile, Richard had the details of his upcoming trial and execution well publicized. He wanted everyone within a hundred miles to know exactly when and where it would happen. The day of the trial came quickly. The method of execution was to be burning. The Church wanted an example to be made of Magnus. A large crowd had gathered in the village square; no one had ever seen a man burned at the stake. This was new. Men were usually executed by the sword and not always in public. A few were hanged if an example was to be made of them. To secure the proceedings there were soldiers in plain view, and there were many more hidden out of sight, or who were blending into the crowd. Few noticed the war dogs lying under blankets. Magnus was brought out to face Richard and the Monsignor. The charges were read. Richard then asked Magnus if he wished to say anything in his favor. He declined. Richard then asked the crowd if there was anyone present who wanted to speak in Magnus’s defense. No one came forward. Magnus was then declared guilty and tied to the stake.
Suddenly a group of men in the crowd drew swords, and then other men on horseback galloped towards the path they had created. They were led by Olaf. It looked as if they would succeed in their rescue, but no sooner than the horseman appeared, so too came many soldiers and dogs, as if out of nowhere. Horses reared and men were dragged off their mounts. Some turned to flee only to be met by more soldiers and more dogs. The men loyal to Olaf and Magnus were surrounded. They grouped together back to back determined to fight to the death.
Richard stepped forward and spoke. “Olaf surrender. If you do, I will give you and your brother a quick death. Your men will be whipped and then exiled. If not, all survivors will be tried by the Church and burned. You have my word on this.”
“I will accept your offer if you will face me in combat!” Yelled Olaf.
“Agreed.” Shouted Richard.
Olaf stepped forward to meet Richard. Richard told his men not to interfere, and Olaf told his to disarm. Richard knew Olaf’s weaknesses and slammed him with his shield. They continued to clash swords and crash shields to the roar of the crowd. Olaf was larger but his past injuries put him at a disadvantage; he was barely holding his own against Richard. He had to change tactics. He dropped his shield and gripped his sword with both hands. Now he could more than match Richard’s power.
Olaf looked at Richard and said, “How will you keep your word when you are dead?”
“In that unlikely event, my men will keep my word.” Yelled Richard.
As they continued to exchange blows, Olaf shouted, “Can you prove it?”
Richard made a subtle signal and an arrow flew across the square striking Magnus in the chest, piercing his heart. “There, a quick death for your brother; I am a man of my word.” Shouted Richard as he continued his attack. Olaf screamed and fought with greater intensity and rage. As they battled, they drew closer to the wood pile where Magnus was staked. Olaf swung hard, too hard. He overreached and threw himself off balance. Richard then crashed into him with his shield collapsing Olaf’s knee. With a quick turn and lightning thrust, he ran Olaf through pinning him to the wood pile. Richard let go of his sword and stepped back. Olaf looked into his eyes and smiled, then he gasped his last breath. Richard grabbed a torch and set the pile ablaze. He had given them their quick death and warriors’ fire.
Richard was true to his word. Olaf’s men were whipped, their hands branded, and they were exiled to the east. They were told that if they ever returned, they would be burned. This greatly upset the Monsignor who wanted all of them condemned. He wrote of his disapproval to the Pope. Richard sent a report to William. He told him that Olaf and Magnus had been killed and that the rebellion had been crushed with little bloodshed. William sent a return letter praising Richard and saying that he had proved himself to be worthy of his responsibilities. The Monsignor also got a letter back. It read: “The rebellion was a political matter, and we concede authority to William.” The letter had the Papal seal.


Chapter 12


The Pope’s man decided to remain in our village for a time. He wanted to make sure that the rebellion had indeed ended and that all newborns were being baptized as ordered by the Pope. That was his official reason. In truth, he wished to find and interrogate more conspirators, especially female conspirators. He had a lust to torture and inflict suffering.
Joan had just returned, and the first thing she did was to come visit me. She told me that my plan had succeeded and that her mother was alive and well. I told her that the Monsignor had been denied his burnings and was in search of new victims. I suggested that she should stay out of sight and not practice any of the healing arts for a time. She reluctantly agreed.
“When will we be free of this horrible man?” She asked.
“I do not know, perhaps we may never be rid of him. Now that you are back, I have a favor to ask of you.”
“Anything, I and my family are in your debt.”
“It is necessary for me to travel for a considerable duration. Could you please care for Isis while I am away? I will leave some coins with you to provide for her feed.”
“I will treat her as if she were my own. May I ask how long you will be gone?”
“I am not sure. It could be some time perhaps as long as a month. The journey is not without peril, and there is a chance that I may not return.”
“May I ask where it is that you are going?”
“It is better that you do not know.” I said.
“You will be missed, and I pray that you travel in safety.”
She kissed my cheek and left taking Isis with her. I went out in search of Richard. When I found him, he was practicing his swordplay. He felt that his battle with Olaf showed that he had been neglecting his training. I told him of my intentions to travel. He too wondered where I was headed. I remained vague and said that I had every confidence that he could handle everything without my assistance. It did not bother him that I was being secretive. Since the gatherings of the learned had come to an end, secrecy was now part of our way.
I secured provisions for a long trip and purchased the best mount that was available. I had need for a horse that possessed both endurance and speed. I took the road heading south. My first three days of travel were uneventful. Eventually I came to a fork in the road and chose the one taking me towards the southeast. I knew this road by its reputation. It was well known to be inhabited by bandits and highwaymen and was considered to be a very hazardous road upon which to travel. I had brought my bird with me on this adventure and now was the time for us to scout from the skies. From our aerial view, I would be aware of approaching dangers well in advance. I would be on this road for at least a week and would need every advantage that I possessed to arrive at my destination safely. Even with advanced warning, there were close calls that but for a fast horse, I might have been taken or killed. After passing a certain crossroads, I finally reached a stretch of safe road. I was nearing the village of my destination and their patrols would venture as far as this crossroads to keep travel safe for commerce. I was no longer in Normandy.
Upon entering the village, I secured lodging for me and feed for my horse. This village was the home of Franks, and I was now familiar enough with their dialect to understand most of what was said. These people had converted to Christianity long ago and were now quite devout. Their community was quiet and peaceful. I slept well that night. In the morning, I ventured out and found the market place. There I purchased food for the morning meal: some fruit and a little bread. While eating, I surveyed the village and noticed a line of women going to the village well for water. I did not have full command of their dialect, but I knew enough. I asked a woman how often they frequented the well to fetch water. She told me that the women come twice a day, once in the morning and again in the late afternoon. After talking with her, I left and went about my business.
It was high sun when I returned to the well. No one else was there. I lowered the bucket and fetched a drink. I emptied the bucket and discretely smeared a clear resin on the inside close to the bottom. Then I went back to the market for more food and to observe their culture and way of life. Their clothes were more colorful than ours and their music more joyful. The music of our village aroused one to action and dance.
The sun was yet to set as I made my way back close enough to the well to observe the activities. The last of the women were there fetching water. I waited until all had left and went again to fetch another drink from the well. This time, I added a few drops of a new potion to my cup; a concoction that I had made using the potion that contained the essence of the man who had attacked Leif. The rest of this potion I poured into the well. Again I left, the time was not yet right.
When the sun was beginning to set and small slice of light was all that was visible above the horizon, I ventured back towards the well. As I approached, I kept to the shadows. This time, I did not wish to be seen. The sun had set, and it was now time. It was twilight. From my hiding place, I could see the well. I raised my hands over my head and summoned all of my concentration. Slowly a mist arose from the well, and soon it had settled over the entire village. All who had drunk of the water from the tainted bucket and now inhaled the mist would be under my influence. They saw angels, ghosts, demons and all sorts of apparitions. It was a very beautiful experience for some and a truly terrifying experience for others. It would later be reported as a great supernatural event.
I left the village before first light. I rode north to the crossroads and then took the road heading west. Learned friends that I had made at the gatherings resided in this direction. I traveled for three days and then encountered a village that met the description my friends had given me. I continued for another day and came to a little used road heading south. After a few hours, I spied a small group of dwellings.
They recognized me and invited me to stay with them. We ate, drank, and exchanged stories. I told them of what had happened in our village and how our kind could be in danger from the likes of the Pope’s emissary. They knew Richard from past gatherings and were pleased that he had attained such a high position. Still they were rightly concerned about the influence of the Pope, William and the rise of orthodoxy, wondering how much tolerance the ways of the learned could expect. I then presented them with a gift, a book; a volume that I had promised but was unable to deliver before the gatherings were discontinued. They were overjoyed. I told them to be careful with it. If the Church ever found it in their possession, there could be grave consequences.
After the morning meal, we embraced and I said my goodbyes. I did not know when I would see them again. These were dangerous times for the learned. Our fear of the Church was growing and many of the roads were no longer safe for travel. Travel is the life’s blood of the learned, without it we become isolated and stagnant. We constantly crave new ideas and new interpretations of old ones.
I traveled back to the main road and again headed to the west. After two days I came to another crossroads and took the road leading north. Three days later, I arrived at another village that was new to me. This was also a village of Franks although you could easily see the effects of mixing here. There was definitely an influence of Gaul ancestry and Norse bloodlines in these people. You could see it in their faces and stature as well as in their clothes and in their methods of building. I spent two days here enjoying the culture and their food. It was good to eat meat again for I had missed it.
Now I headed for home. There would be no more villages between this one and mine. As I continued north, I would occasionally pass some small farming settlements, but I did not stop. There were two instances where I had to evade bandits. The bandits here were not as fierce or as well organized as those on the dangerous road, and I was able to avoid them with little effort. On this leg of my journey, I took my time for I was in no hurry. When I was but a few miles from a particular crossroads, I made camp and waited. Every day we scouted the roads ahead from the sky until finally, we observed a carriage escorted by four armed horseman. They were coming from the north and heading in the direction of the dangerous road. After seeing them pass, I broke camp and continued on my way. In a few days, I was home.
Joan was glad to see me; she had been concerned. She had good news and told me that the Pope’s man had left. You could see the relief on her face. I told her of my adventures, but not all of them. I said that I needed to go and seek out Richard and that we should get together for the evening meal. We agreed to meet back at my house around dusk. I went searching for Richard. When I found him, he was again practicing his swordplay.
“You have returned safe I see.” He said.
“It was a good journey, and I was able to visit some of our learned friends.”
“Why did you not tell me of this before you left?”
“We need to be more careful these days as you well know. Also I was transporting a special volume that the Church does not favor.” I explained.
“I see. I suppose you have heard that the Monsignor has left us?”
“Yes. Joan told me of the good news.”
“He had to travel south to investigate a case of mass revelations and visions. You would not happen to know anything about that?” He asked.
“Not that I would say. If he is going to the village that I am thinking he is, he’ll being traveling on a very dangerous road.” I said as I flashed Richard a faint smile.
“He has an armed escort.” He replied.
“How many men?”
“Four of the Pope’s finest.”
“Only four? We should pray for his safe arrival.”
 Richard laughed. “Sometimes you have an evil sense of humor.”
We hugged, and I went home to prepare the evening meal. Joan can fight, and she can heal, but she cannot cook. It seems to be a curse of the formidable women and most likely another reason so few are courted. She soon arrived, bringing her daughters and Isis. Isis was glad to see me and to be home. She laid down on her favorite blanket and fell fast asleep. Joan’s two daughters were very different from one another. Ingrid the elder was a warrior like her mother. Helen was not. She was more likely to start a war than to fight one. Guile was her weapon of choice. She had been named for Helen of Troy, as I had read the Iliad to her mother several times before her birth. Joan was a little disappointed that she would not grow to be a formidable woman, but in the back of her mind she also knew that Helen was her best chance of having grandchildren. We ate and then told stories as we sipped our herbal teas by the warmth of the fire.
It had now been several weeks since I had returned, and Richard got news that Papal emissary had failed to arrive at the village of the visions. Richard, I and a force of over twenty armed men rode south to investigate. After many days of travel, we were well down the dangerous road. I spotted an ambush from the air and warned Richard. He had a plan. He would send a small decoy ahead of us while the bulk of our force would stay out of sight a short distance behind them. Our decoy headed towards the ambush. They stopped just shy of where they would be most vulnerable and waited. Then they turned around and slowly headed back towards us. The bandits seeing their prey start to leave, decided to charge. Our decoy retreated quickly after spotting them and led the bandits straight into our trap.
We killed five of them before they were able to flee. We gave chase, but they were able to disappear into the forest. The bandits knew the terrain much better than we did, so we chose to discontinue our pursuit. Upon examining their dead, we found that one of them was armed with a sword that bore the Pope’s mark. We were not able to capture any alive or at least any who would live for very long. The bandits had fought fiercely and those who were wounded were mortally so. We continued down the road and came across the site of another ambush. Three decaying bodies littered the side of the road. They belonged to the Monsignor’s escort. We stayed a short time and buried the dead. After completing that task, we went on our way. Another few miles south we came upon the remains of the Monsignor’s carriage and more bodies including that of the Monsignor. Again we buried the dead except for the Monsignor. We wrapped his body and brought back to our village.
Richard’s first action upon returning home was to send a report to William. William had been getting reports that the roads were getting more dangerous to travel and now with the death of the Pope’s emissary something had to be done. William issued an edict declaring that securing the roads was a top priority. Each city, town and village would be required to provide armed men for this task. Richard prepared a force to patrol the roads of our region.


Chapter 13


Upon hearing of William’s edict, I knew it was now Richard’s time. For a small sum, I purchased the entrails of a freshly slaughtered goat and took them into a field and formed a pile. The day was a warm, and it did not take long for them to ripen. Ravens were the first to come feast on them and then the vultures. From my blind, I cast my arrow that pulled the net over the large birds. My trap had worked as planned, but that was the least of my difficulties for now I had to subdue one of these vile creatures before they could work themselves free.
I jumped up and ran towards the trapped birds. The bird I chose was a young one maybe a year out of the nest. Even so it fought fiercely, and if not for the mail armor I was wearing, it would have torn deep wounds into my flesh. I managed to force some pain potion down its gullet and then covered its head with a hood. I held it until it calmed down and then placed the animal in a bag. I released the birds that had yet to work their way free and took my trophy home.
Richard was seeking my advice on how best to make the roads safe for travel. He had come to my home earlier, but I was not there. It was now evening, and he came calling again.
“There you are. I have been looking for you. I am in need of your council.” He said.
“I have anticipated your need.” I responded.
“Of course you have. So you have a plan to aid me in making the roads safe for travel.”
I looked towards the corner where the hooded vulture was tied to a perch. “It is for you. It will be your eyes in the sky and will help you rid the roads of bandits. Remember I told you there would come a time for you to make the joining. Now is that time.”
 “Does it need to be such a disgusting animal? Are you trying to punish me? Have I slighted you in some way?” Richard protested.
“This bird has the attributes that you require. It can cover large distances using little energy. Its vision is as acute as an eagle’s, and its sense of smell superior to that of a hound.”
“Why not a homing bird?” He asked.
“Homing birds are convenient. They are readily available and are partially tame, but they do not enjoy being scouts. It is in their nature to fly directly to their destination and to be on watch for dangers from above since they are prey for hawks.”
“You use yours as a scout.” He countered.
“Yes, and he does not enjoy it. I make him do it as little as possible. He does not search; he is only aware of his surroundings. I try to conform to his nature by having him fly out a distance and then return. For a vulture, searching is at the core of its nature.” I explained.
“Why not a hawk or an eagle?”
“They would do, but they are harder to obtain. Also people tend to notice them more for they are admired while the vulture is distained.”
“Any other reasons for preferring that vile creature over a falcon?” 
“The vulture is easier to feed and does not require time to hunt for prey. Hawks and eagles get lazy if they are fed by hand and not hunted.”
“Alright, I concede to your wisdom, but no one says I must be happy about it.”
“You will enjoy the experience of flight, but you will also taste what it eats until you master the connection. We can make it easier at the beginning by feeding him partially cooked meat, food that you yourself would eat. That way you will not have to experience the taste of rotten flesh.”
“When shall we do this?” Asked Richard.
“When was the last time you consumed meat?” I asked.
“It has been several weeks since I have partaken of flesh.” Richard responded.
“Good, we will do this the second dawn after the new moon. Do not eat any meat or have relations with your wife until after the joining. You will also require the potion that contains the essence of the man that I had killed.”
The day had come when Richard was to make the joining. I was tiring of my houseguest, and so was Isis. She wanted to kill it. It was only by adding a little pain potion to her food that I was able to prevent her. Richard came at dawn, and he had remembered to bring his potion. On the table, I had set a bowl of specially prepared water. I told Richard to pour a small amount of his potion into the bowl. After stirring the contents, I handed the bowl to Richard and had him drink of it. I then poured the remaining contents of the bowl into a jar that was much taller than it was broad. I submerged a reed into the jar and then placed my thumb over the top end before removing it. This held the potion inside the reed. Richard then steadied the beast as I released the mixture down its gullet. I had Richard wet his hands with what little remained in the bowl.
“Put your hands on both sides of the animal and focus as if you are trying to heal it.” I said.
“I feel the heat.”
“Good, now connect to its mind; feel what it feels.”
“Yes, I can smell what it smells.” Said Richard.
“Are you friends with it? See if it will stand on one leg for you.”
“It is being stubborn.” He responded.
“Do not force it with your will. Ask it, plant the suggestion.”
“Oh, it feels as if we are one yet still two.”
“Yes, exactly. Now be the dominant personality.”
The bird lifted its leg.
“This is amazing, so much different than I had imagined.” He said.
“Are you ready for the final step? Are you ready to look into its eyes and complete the connection?”
“Yes, I am ready.” Said Richard.
I removed the hood from the vulture’s head, and they stared into each other’s eyes. The bird did not attack, it just looked back at him. I untied its legs from the perch. After a few minutes I opened the shudders to my window. The bird did nothing except stare at Richard.
“We know that the window is open. He is waiting for my decision.” Said Richard.
“Let him go. It is time to fly!” I directed.
The vulture leaped to the sill and then flew out the window. I had Richard sit down and close his eyes. I told him to meditate on the connection; to become one with the bird without losing himself.
“I am flying. I see what it sees and I feel what it feels.” He shouted excitedly.
“Be its friend. It feels what you feel as well, only it lacks the intellect to interpret it. It will feel your base emotions so remain centered.” I advised.
“Yes, I am beginning to understand how it works.”
“Now suggest to it where you want it to go, and what you want it to do. Make it feel that the thought is coming from its own mind,”
“He is no longer stubborn; he yields to my directions.”
“That is because you are one. He does not know the difference between his thoughts and your thoughts; so he accepts your thoughts as his own.”
“I think that I have mastered this.” Bragged Richard.
“You have only begun. Bring him back, and I will tell you more of what you need to know.”
In a few minutes the vulture flew through the window and landed on its perch. I put the hood on its head and tied its leg.
“You have completed the first step. The easiest part of the connection.” I said.
“There is more?” He asked.
“Much more. Now you must learn to disconnect so that you can both live your separate lives. Else when you are angry, it will be angry; when you lust for your wife, it will lust for your wife. When it is hungry, you will be hungry and you will taste the rotten flesh that it eats.”
“How can I master this disconnect?’ He asked.
“Through centering, meditation, and letting go.” I answered.
“How long will it take?” 
“It depends on the animal and how much focused attention you apply to the task. Birds are the easiest. Animals with strong emotions that think closer to the way we think are the most difficult.” I explained.
“What shall I do with him now?” He asked.
“For now, it will stay with me, and I will keep him calm with small doses of pain potion. In a few days, I will release him, and he will become your responsibility.”
“Thank you for this. I had no understanding when I first asked you to teach me this magic. You were right. I was not yet ready.”
“You have taken a large step and have gone where most of the learned only dare dream. I am very proud of you.”
Richard went home to his wife. She was feeling neglected, wondering why her husband had been avoiding her affections. That night I could see the sexual agitation of my houseguest. Richard had much work to do.
In a week, Richard was master of the skies, and after a few more he could connect and disconnect with the vulture anytime he wished. While he was learning to control his connection, there were some humorous moments. There was the time the vulture ate a frog when Richard was not expecting it. At other times, Richard took on some of the bird’s mannerisms until he caught himself. Even after a month, he would still get a bad taste in his mouth when the creature ate something disgusting, but eventually this too would pass.
Richard had been sending armed men to patrol the roads. They had caught a few bandits, the desperate and the disorganized. The true professionals continued to elude his men for they had become more cautious and vigilant after the patrols were increased. Richard wished to eliminate the bandits who favored the dangerous road where the Monsignor had been killed. We knew that they now had a system of lookouts, but we did not know how they were communicating. Richard’s highest priority was to clear this road because the Pope and William wanted to make an example of these men.
Richard had devised a plan. He would have a driver take a richly decorated carriage down the dangerous road. Hidden in the carriage would be four heavily armed men from among our best warriors. Richard himself would ride on the coach and would search from the sky for the bandits’ lookouts and their signal. I took command of the thirty armed horsemen that followed. We kept our distance, so as not to spook our prey. I too had my bird in the air so that I could watch the carriage. I also observed the vulture both from the ground and from the air. If Richard wanted us, he would fly his bird in tight circles. Upon seeing this signal, I would command my riders to catch up to the carriage at full speed. If Richard wanted my bird for a communication, he would fly his over my position.
Our carriage traveled down the road and passed the first lookout without knowing it. Richard saw no signal, and if not for the instincts of a bird of prey, his plan would have failed. The vulture sensed movement in the sky and locked its vision on it. It was just a bird, and Richard ignored it at first, but its pattern of flight was familiar. It was a homing bird. They were using homing birds! These were literate men. Using a homing bird meant that they had a permanent base that these birds thought of as home. Homing birds fly faster than vultures, so Richard needed to have his vulture gain altitude in order to keep the bird in view.
It did not take long for the bird to disappear from sight. Richard had his vulture circle the area where it had vanished. The terrain was wooded, and there was plenty of cover. He saw no trace of the bandits, but as his bird circled, he could smell them. Richard made note of the landmarks and searched for the path that the bandits were using. He took his bird higher, then he saw them. A group of armed men on horseback following a narrow trail. They traveled in single file. Richard had his vulture fly a little higher. Now he could see where the trail met the main road. These men were on their way to set up an ambush for his carriage. The way the main road curved and the quickness of their signaling system, gave the bandits plenty of time to get to the road and set up an ambush before their victims could reach that location.
Richard was revising his plan. What he had now conceived needed to be timed correctly, or the bandits could scatter. He had his vulture fly over my position. As prearranged, I sent my bird to him. He had stopped his carriage and had gone for a short walk away from his men. Looking up to the sky, he saw my bird and then held out his arm. I brought the bird to rest on his arm, and through its ears, he told me of his plan. After he was finished, we took to flight.
From Richard’s description, we knew the general location of the bandits’ lookouts. Our force of armed men had yet to venture close enough to that position to be seen. We formed a small hunting party that included me and two other bowman. Stealth was paramount, and we were hunters and knew how to stalk prey. My bird had returned to me and now provided a view from above. My eyes in the sky found them first. One was hiding in a tree, so that he could observe the road. I hid in some cover and observed him while the other bowmen stalked his friends. Two other men were sitting in a small clearing, drinking and spinning tales. My men signaled me with their hands. When we were all in position, we drew in unison. I dropped my man in the tree; he died when he hit the ground. The other bowmen too hit their marks, mortally wounding their targets. We then rushed them with our swords drawn, but one bandit successfully reached the cage where their birds were kept and was able to release two before he was dispatched. I drew my bow and dropped one bird from the sky. We fired at the other to no avail.
I sent my bird in pursuit. I planted the suggestion that the other bird was his sexual rival. My bird harassed the other for miles slowing it down. We quickly regrouped and rejoined our men. You could hear the roar of hooves as we raced to intercept Richard. We caught up to him when he was but a mile from the ambush point where he was waiting for us. We told him that the bandits would soon know of our trap and that there was no time to waste.
“There is still time before they can get a message to their men. I see them, and they are still waiting for the carriage.” Said Richard.
“What is your plan now?” I asked.
“We will have one heavily armored man drive the carriage rapidly past the bandits. We will follow behind, but stay back far enough to remain out of sight. When bandits give chase, we will charge them.”
“How will the driver signal us to begin our attack?” I asked.
Richard looked up. “There will be no need for him to signal us.”
We sent the carriage ahead and waited for a short time then rode forth after it. As planned they attacked the carriage, first with arrows and then from horseback. We quickly moved to engage them. When the bandits saw us coming, they fled. Some were not quick enough, and we killed or captured them. I was able to wound two of the fleeing bandits with arrows, but they too managed to escape. After our brief battle, we assessed the results of this minor victory. Four bandits were dead and two were captured. The captured men were wounded, and one was likely to die from his injuries. Neither of them would yield any useful information.
Richard was sure that the bandits would regroup at their base camp. He knew where the trail was located, but thought it likely that the bandits would place lookouts along it. These men were clever and not to be underestimated. We formulated a new plan. A day behind us was another of our patrols. We would wait for them for they had with them two carts transporting seven of our war dogs and their armor. These dogs were not yet the quality of Eydlon’s, but they were large, fierce, and extremely loyal to their masters. Dogs showing all the traits of the dogs of Eydlon were still rare, but were appearing more often in our litters.
The next day our patrol arrived with their dogs. Richard knew the general location of the bandits’ camp, and he thought that the dogs would be able to locate it when we got close. We planned to take our entire force up the trail until we were roughly half way to their camp. There we would leave two thirds of the horses with a small guard. Our men on foot would spread out and move ahead of the remaining horsemen in an attempt to surround the bandits and take them by surprise. The horsemen would stay back to engage those that fled. Finding the exact location of the camp before we set forth would be a great advantage, but as of yet neither of our birds had been able to locate it from the air. It was time to take a slightly different approach.
I presented Richard with a leaf that was stained with blood. The blood had been left by a man I had injured with an arrow. This man had escaped and was most likely at the location we sought. Richard recalled his bird and let the vulture smell and taste the blood on the leaf. His bird then took to the air in search of that smell. It did not take long for the vulture to lock on to the scent; it is what they do. It flew tighter and tighter circles until it was right over the bandits’ camp. Richard looked through its eyes, but could see nothing. He continued to search, but still could not find the camp. The smell was there, but there were no men. He took his vulture lower and then lower again until it was flying below tree level. His bird did not enjoy this for flying in close quarters used a lot of energy, and its large wings were not designed for it. As he followed the scent, he saw it; the reason the camp was not visible. There was a ravine that dropped down to a fast flowing creek. This was the perfect hiding place. Its access was limited, making it more defensible; it was well hidden and had an ample source of water. Richard flew his bird into the ravine. He could smell men, horses, and blood.
Surveying the ravine, Richard discovered the trail down. It made several switchbacks before it arrived at the camp. The camp consisted of three caves. Two were tall, wide, and shallow in depth as if they had been dug by men. The third had a much smaller opening but was deep and looked natural in origin. One of the shallow caves contained their horses, and the other was where the men camped. He could not see into the deep cave for it was too dark even for his vulture. His bird was tiring of flying this low, and it was seen by a bowman who took a shot at it but missed. Richard let his bird fly out of the ravine where it could again soar effortlessly.
We needed to modify our plan. It was likely that the bandits had lookouts to warn them of an approaching threat, and again we would require stealth to quietly dispatch them. We also needed a way to overcome their advantage in terrain. Any attempt at entering the ravine using the trail would eliminate the element of surprise. The terrain could also work against the bandits by limiting their means of escape and forcing them to flee on foot. Our new plan was similar to our old one, but now knowing the specific location of their camp, we could use the dogs to surprise them and create chaos. We also decided to wait longer and let the bandits feel that they had escaped and were not being hunted. Richard and I continued to observe the area of their camp using our feathered friends.
We saw them changing their lookouts, and now we knew their positions. This was a great tactical advantage. We advanced our men to just shy of the first lookout’s location staying out of sight. Again my hunting party was tasked with eliminating them. We snuck up on the first one and put two arrows into him before he knew that we were there. He fell from his tree and hit the ground hard with a thud. As we stalked the next position, we found it impossible to get a shot at him without being detected. When the man took time to take food, I harassed him with the homing bird, and then rushed out to take the shot while he was distracted. I put my arrow through his throat. He could not call out and died quickly. There were two more lookouts closer to the ravine. They were positioned close together making them difficult to dispatch without one of them being able to warn their fellow bandits. One bandit was stationed on the ground while the other was in a perch constructed in a tree. There was no possibility of taking them out quietly.
Stealthily we retreated, and I related our dilemma to Richard. We agreed that stealth was no longer an option. These lookouts were close enough to the ravine that we could eliminate them in conjunction with our main assault. I took a small force with our dogs as close as I dared without being detected with the bulk of our men not far behind. I released the dogs. They killed the lookout on the ground with blinding speed, then our bowmen rushed in to take out the man in the tree. The dogs continued running straight down the ravine into the bandits’ encampment. We had divided our forces and sent one group after the dogs and the other to guard the trail where it entered into the ravine. We kept horsemen above to engage those who escaped. The dogs covered the ground with ease betraying their grace and power. For the men it was more difficult for the terrain was steep and the vegetation dense.
We heard screams of terror and the sounds of carnage as the dogs caught them with almost no warning. The bandits were fleeing and fighting for their lives. Some fled down to the creek and others used the trail only to find our men waiting for them. When our men arrived at the encampment, the bandits were gone. There were five dead bodies and two severely wounded bandits and the rest had fled, but to where? Even our dogs were gone, but most of the horses were still there. There were bandits running down the side of the ravine that we shot with arrows. A few escaped into the creek. Then we heard screams and the sounds of battle emanating from the deep cave. Most of the bandits had fled into it and were then pursued by our dogs. Richard had the dogs recalled, but only three came to the whistle. The others were either not able or were too overcome by the heat of battle. Richard did not want to send his men into the cave, thinking that they would be at a disadvantage for the bandits probably knew the cave well. Richard commanded his men to collect wood. We continued to call our dogs and listened for sounds of battle. When no screams or sound of conflict emanated from the cave, we set a fire at the entrance and filled the cave with smoke. 
Richard had his vulture circling overhead to look for any that had escaped. He could see smoke rising from an area atop the ravine. He brought his bird lower for a closer look. There was an opening in the ground large enough for a man to get through. As he watched, a bandit exited from the opening carrying loot. We needed to get some men to that location in order to prevent more bandits from escaping. I flew my bird over the opening, so I too knew its location. I needed to scale the ravine and take command of our men on top. Of the three dogs that returned, I took the leash of the larger animal and had its armor removed. Wrapping my wrist and hand with the leash, I secured myself to the dog’s collar. We ran as one, straight up the side of the ravine. At the top, I released the dog and called for the men on horseback. My arm was in pain and would likely remain so for days. The power of these dogs was truly impressive.
Four men on mounts came to my call. I took a horse from one and led the others to the opening. When we got there, bandits were fleeing from the hole in the ground. I dismounted and began to assail them with arrows. We secured the opening and then sealed it with branches and logs. We did not know how many had escaped. I sent word to the rest of our horsemen to go in search of them. Richard kept his fire going for days. When he was sure that no one in the cave could have survived, he let it burn out. It took another day to clear the cave of smoke, even after we unsealed the opening on top.
We sent men with torches to explore the cave. They were accompanied by two of our surviving war dogs. They searched the cave thoroughly and found many bodies including those of our dogs. There was also loot of all sorts that the bandits had stolen from unlucky travelers. Richard had all of it gathered. We had succeeded in killing or capturing the majority of the bandits. We collected their loot, horses and equipment, then we regrouped and headed for home.
Richard continued his campaign to make the roads safe. His bird’s eye view and the resources made available via the bandits’ loot made him extremely effective at this task. Soon our region was known for the safety of our roads, and attacks on travelers were now rare. This did not go unnoticed by William, and he summoned Richard to council with him. William took to Richard’s company and valued his knowledge and wisdom that he viewed as exceptional for one his age. William told Richard about his ambitions to ascend to the throne of England, and if Richard was instrumental in helping him attain that goal, William said that he would make him a nobleman.


Chapter 14


Over a year had passed since the death of the Monsignor, and the new Pope was getting reports of papers and documents being forged that bore the seal of the Monsignor’s ring. Someone was using that seal for profit and political influence. The ring was one of a set of three that had identical seals, and the Pope was reluctant to recall the other two. He put pressure on William to recover this misappropriated ring. William knew that the recovery of this ring would help put him in the good graces of this new Pope, and he desired the Pope’s support. Almost all of the forgeries had originated from our region thus William assigned the task of its recovery to Richard.
Richard sought out my council and wished my advice on how he should proceed. He thought that using warriors to conduct a mass search would be too costly and most likely ineffective. It could also have the undesired effect of inflaming the people. I told him that stealth and cleverness was the way to approach this problem and that he should delegate this task to me. He agreed.
Robert was a superior student. He had accomplished his goal of committing the New Testament to memory in record time. He also had an open mind and knew that Christianity did not have all the answers to his spiritual questions. I indulged his curiosity and taught him some of the secret knowledge. He swore not to divulge what he had learned or even mention its existence. He knew the potential risks if he were to disclose these secrets.
One day out of my own curiosity, I asked Robert if he had always been blind. He told me that he never remembered being able to see, but his mother had told him that he did not go blind until the age of two. He said that he thinks he sees in his dreams but was not sure. I then asked him if he could have sight for ten years and then be blind again, would he. He told me that he would choose do so without hesitation. He said that if he could see for but a day, he would give all that he had. I told him of the bond; the connection that I could create between him and Freya, and how he could see through her eyes. He was amazed that such magic existed and that I possessed this power.
“The bond is strong and works in both directions. You will see what she sees, hear what she hears, and feel what she feels.” I said to him.
“I want this; to be able to see is my greatest wish.”
“Her sight is not the same as human sight. In addition, her mind will not to be able to interpret symbols thus using her vision for reading will be difficult. You will need to see each letter as a picture, and then remember them, and read them in our own mind.” I explained.
“I would love to learn to read, but just seeing the world in anyway would be more than enough.”
“Stop eating meat or any animal foods, meditate daily and in two weeks we will make the bond.”
Robert was excited. To recover ones sight must be the answer to many prayers. Normally I would have not considered sharing this knowledge or making the connection between a mere boy and any animal much less a dog, but Robert’s bond with Freya was unusually strong. The strongest bond I had ever witnessed between man and beast. In many ways, Freya was already his eyes, alerting him to and protecting him from danger as they would walk through the village. Robert had great wisdom for his age, and I had no doubt that one day he would be one of the learned.
The time came and with a few drops of their blood, I joined them together. It was easy for them, as if they had always been this way. Robert mastered the connection and the ability to disconnect in less than two days and in a week he could understand language that Freya heard spoken. With the jay, this skill took months of practice for me to master. I told him that he had to be very careful in public or else their bond could be seen as witchcraft. Robert was already very skilled in the art of being unnoticed. An ability that would serve him well.
This day I was watching Ingrid best a young warrior in a sparring match. The young man was humbled and went off in search of grog. I walked up to her and threw her my sword that she expertly caught by the handle. I engaged her with my staff. At first she thought me feeble, matching her with a sword against a simple staff. She first tried to overpower me with her youth and strength, but after receiving several bruises she decided to change tactics. Now she attacked in counter to mine. She was good but lacked experience. If she could have anticipated my moves a little better, she would have been my equal. We sparred for nearly an hour, and then I called a halt to it.
“Would you like to train with a staff?” I asked.
“Why would I need a staff when I am good with a sword?” She responded.
“Often a staff may be all that is available. My mentor taught me that a sword draws much more attention than a staff and that there is often an advantage to being unnoticed and always an advantage to being underestimated.”
“I cannot disagree with what you have said. Can you train me?”
“Come to my house tomorrow after the morning meal.”
Ingrid learned quickly and soon mastered the staff. I also trained her in the secrets of close quarters combat: weak areas, pressure points, leverage holds, and throws; as well as the location of nerves, arteries, and tendons. I taught her that in a fight for survival there are no unfair techniques, just effective or ineffective ones. She was humbled by what she did not know and wondered why she had never been taught these things.
Robert and Ingrid knew each other, but they were not yet friends. Robert liked Ingrid’s voice. To Ingrid, Robert was not nor would ever be a warrior and that prejudiced her against him. The day came when I called them both to me.
“Ah, my young apprentices, now is the time of your testing.” I said to them.
“What do you mean?” Asked Ingrid.
“I am sending the two of you on an important quest. One for which you will be greatly rewarded, but as for most quests this one is not without its dangers.”
“Me and a blind boy, you must be crazy. How will he be of any use?” Complained Ingrid.
“Have you learned nothing? This quest requires stealth and that is why I have chosen the two of you else I would have picked Eric or Rolf. Who would be more unnoticed than a blind boy and a young woman?” I said loudly.
“Still a blind boy?” She said.
“Strike at him with your staff.” I commanded.
She did. Robert evaded the blow and held a small blade at the pulse point near her hip. Freya was at her other leg with teeth bared.
“I am sorry. I understand now. I underestimated him, and in real combat that would have cost me my life.” She conceded.
I nodded. “Ingrid, you will need to dress as a farm maid. You need to blend in with your surroundings. A female warrior definitely attracts attention. Carry no visible weapons; no sword, no axe, and no shield.” I instructed.
“Is this absolutely necessary?” She sighed.
“Yes, carry a staff and small bladed weapons that you can keep concealed. I will give you my light blade. It was my mentor’s, and I want it back.” My way of saying come back safely.
I then told them of the quest. They were to find the location of the Monsignor’s ring, and if it could be done without risk of death or injury, retrieve it. I told them from where it had been taken, and where it was believed to have been used. I gave them two bags of coins and told them never to show too much money at one time for it makes you a target. They agreed to take on the quest and set forth the next day.
Joan came to visit me a few days later, wondering if I had seen Ingrid for she had not been home for some time. I told her of the quest and how her daughter had gladly agreed to take up the challenge. I conveyed my belief that Ingrid was more than prepared for this adventure. Joan had mixed feelings about this quest. She feared for he daughter’s safety, but knew that too few of the formidable women get truly tested. This was Ingrid’s chance for some honor and glory, and Joan wanted that for her. Ingrid was now the best of them, so if not Ingrid, who? Joan trusted me, and I was honest about the dangers of this mission, but a quest without risks is no quest at all. Joan told me that she was going to get Helen and go visit her mother for a week or so. She believed that if the whole family was gone, then Ingrid’s absence would be less noticeable. I agreed. Later that evening Richard requested my presence.
“Have you made much progress finding the Monsignor’s ring?” He asked.
“I have people working on it as we speak.”
“So this is the quest to which you have sent Ingrid?”
“You must have talked to Joan before she left. Yes, this is the quest. I sent her and Robert.”
“The blind boy! Are you out of your mind?”
“He is not as blind as you believe him to be.”
“Did you heal him?”
“No, I would have to be in a very high position in the Church to get away with healing the blind. I made the connection between him and his dog.”
“His dog! You told me that a connection to a dog would be extremely difficult to control and could be overwhelming.”
“His bond with Freya was unusually strong as if they were already close to being joined. Robert took to it well and mastered in days skills that took us weeks of practice.”
“The boy is so young. I was well into my twenties before you thought me ready.”
“Age is not the only factor at play here. As I said their bond was unusual and the task was at hand. This is their destiny, and it is best not to resist destiny.”
“I will concede to your wisdom, but if this goes bad, their mothers will have your head.” He cautioned.
I left Richard for he had some administrative tasks to complete, and there were still a few areas where the roads were not yet safe for travelers that required his attention. He was right when he told me that there would be hell to pay for sending such inexperienced young people on such a dangerous adventure, if it did not go well. But destiny is destiny.
William was having problems on his border after the death of Count Hubert II and after he had successfully dealt with that conflict, he would go on to battle the Bretons to secure his border with Brittany. This distracted his attention away from our region. In fact, it would be years before he would be concerned with us at all. This gave Richard a freer hand to implement his own policies. We seemed to have a great deal of autonomy at this time. As long as there was peace and the taxes were paid, the nobility was unconcerned with our day to day lives. Richard did his best to be fair and just. He worked hard at keeping the peace and creating order and prosperity.
I now had more time to continue my studies and experiments. As often as I could I would travel and seek out others of the learned who had knowledge that I lacked, or who had copies of sacred texts to trade. It was on one of these trips many miles from our village that I saw them, Ingrid and Robert. Then they saw me. As I stood next to my horse looking at them from a distance, Freya wandered over to me and sniffed my hand. When she left, she did not return to Robert, so I followed her. She led me to a secluded placed. Soon Ingrid and Robert showed up.
They gave me a brief report on their progress. They had followed clues and rumors to this village. I gave them some additional information about where newly forged documents had been discovered and about those who had benefited from them. Of course the people who possessed the documents denied knowing that they were forgeries, and they were of no help in finding the forger. I had a plan that might help smoke out possible suspects, and I disclosed it to my young apprentices.
As Richard’s fame grew, so did mine for being his mentor and advisor. I was recognized in this village, and I used that to my advantage. Money and greed can be powerful tools. I started to flash significant sums while asking for information about the ring and the forged documents. I did not expect any direct results from this activity. I was just stirring the pot, hoping to create gossip and rumors. I also hoped that the guilty or possibly their accomplices might get stressed at the thought of being sold out by someone. This kind of pressure can often cause one to make a mistake. After two days of trying to purchase information, I left. I was confident in those I had chosen for this task, and I had tasks of my own that I needed to complete.
I continued on my travels and arrived a day earlier to my destination than was necessary. This gave me time to secure lodging and get the lay of the land. The next day, I went to the meeting place. A small group of the learned were gathering to discuss politics and the future of Normandy. The consensus of the group was that William was good for the duchy so far. He had reunified the land and except for the border disputes battles were few. The main concern was of William’s ambition for the throne of England. This obsession of William’s was likely to lead to war. As long as Edward wore the crown, William would do nothing. Edward’s health was in question, and he had no heirs to inherit the throne from him. If Edward were to die, there would be several contenders for the throne, and William would be one of them.
The learned believed in peaceful negotiations and tried to guide leaders away from war. It was when the nobility have inflated views of their own self-importance that their vanity demands war, but it is the people who suffer for that vanity. Occasionally, a leader would be killed or gravely injured when they went to war because we were still in an age that demanded them to be present to lead their armies. Hence the positive trait of courage was still possessed by most of the nobility, but we knew that this would not always be so.
The political influence of the learned had been waning and that of the Church increasing. It was becoming dangerous to appear to possess too much knowledge, if one was not of high rank in the Church. Information and who possessed it, was an area that the Church was eager to control, and it was not above using oppression and violence to attain that objective. I was actually the most politically influential person at this meeting. William and the nobility no longer had advisors that we considered to be of our ilk. That was why we feared war. The Church usually had no objections to war as long as their power was maintained or increased.
We agreed that we would use all of our remaining influence in an attempt to avert war, even if our actions proved futile. After we were through discussing politics, it was time to exchange knowledge and ideas. I was finally ready to share my base potion and how to use it to heal. The group was quite impressed. They had never witnessed such an immediate and powerful application of the esoteric arts. Most practices are much more subtle, with the results appearing as timely coincidences or good luck.
I warned them of the need for discretion when performing such powerful magic. They knew that people in many regions were still very superstitious and prone to hysteria, and if they witnessed such a miracle as could be performed with this potion, they could be organized into a dangerous mob by one’s enemies or even by the priests. I advised that if caught, one should attempt to attribute magically healings to God or to Jesus or possibly the village’s patron saint or the Virgin. I had known these people for many years, and I trusted them to keep this potion a secret and not to use it in public. In gratitude for this knowledge, three treasured volumes were given to me. In them were the keys to problems I had long been working.
Our gathering only lasted two days. In these times, gatherings were small, short, and discrete so as not to draw undue attention. The days when many learned men from distance lands could gather and exchange knowledge were gone. This was the price we paid for unity under the Christian Church, but it sadden us that the Church was not powerful enough nor willing to promote peace and solve the problem of war. I said goodbye to my friends and set off towards home.
Upon arriving home, I focused much of my time on study. Lars thought it was time to teach me more of the secret knowledge of the Norsemen. He had only partial knowledge of the details, but what he told me was fascinating. The ancient learned of the Norsemen had great knowledge of plants and fungi. They had potions that were used in rituals to give warriors supernatural strength and stamina. I set out to rediscover this knowledge. I used what Lars had taught me as a starting point, and then extended it with what I knew of herbs and sacred plants. I searched through my books for anything that could help. If Richard was going to be forced to go to war, I was going to provide him all the advantages at my disposal.
I experimented with different potions and new ingredients. There were plants and substances I wished to investigate that were not readily available. I used my knowledge to create substitutes, and others I was able to acquire through trade. When I thought I was close to duplicating the Norsemen’s potions to enhance strength, I would test them on an animal. Rats were good subjects and were easily obtained. After many failed attempts, I thought that I had finally found the key. I gave a rat a few drops of this new potion. I was waiting for the potion to take effect when suddenly the rat became violent. It killed all the rats that were in the enclosure with it. None had chance for it appeared to have the strength of many. After it had finished killing, it assailed against its enclosure trying to escape. It was in a rage and had no fear of me and would have attempted to kill me if it could, despite my size. I put a cat in with it in order to kill it, but it killed the cat. I secured the enclosure and waited. If this thing escaped, there was no telling how much damage it could cause. In two days, it was used up, and it died. I continued to work for weeks and experiment with new formulations. I finally came upon a better formula. It enhanced strength, but not to the degree of that of the previous potion. It did not cause the rage, and the subject did not die, but only suffered great fatigue for a couple of days after it wore off. I then tested it on myself and the results were the same. This aftereffect of fatigue made the potion impractical for use in sustained warfare.
Potions were not the only focus of my attention. The new volumes that I had acquired held secret knowledge encrypted in story and myth. From other texts and initiations, I had the keys to decode these secrets. Applying this new knowledge, I was able to enhance my elemental control over air and water. I could create a breeze strong enough to extinguish a candle, and I could create ripples in still water. Using both together, I could create mists and direct them with precision. In addition to my esoteric studies and experiments, James and I together with one of our smiths worked on improving our armaments. We focused specifically on creating better armor and shields.
At this time, I was also mentoring another young man. His name was Roger; he was James’s only son. He was like a nephew to me. When he was young, I had read to him ancient stories before he would go to bed. He especially liked the ones about the Scythians. They were a nomadic people of the steppe who were skilled horse archers. They would hunt hares from horseback to refine their skill. Roger loved both horses and archery, and he showed great ability towards both. He wondered if he could become as skilled as the Scythians.
Roger had now grown to a point where he needed a man’s bow. His father did not have the time nor the wood to make one for him and told him that he would have to wait. I sympathized with him and decided that I would present him with a special gift. When I gave him the bow that I had acquired at the gathering, he was dumbfounded. He had never seen one of its quality and thought it was much too valuable to be given to one so young. I reassured him that I knew he would respect it and care for it properly. It was a bow similar to my other and likely similar to the ones the Scythians used. When I told him that, it made his face light up. He left to go show his father what I had given him.
It was sunny day and about an hour after high noon. I was at the smith’s working on a new shield design when we heard her, the whole village heard her. Ingrid running, calling for her mother with Robert’s limp body in her arms. Joan ran to her and took the boy. Joan seeing Robert’s condition, immediately carried him to her home. Ingrid then collapsed from exhaustion. I rushed to attend her. When I reached her, she looked up at me with a glare that pierced my soul. I handed her a tonic potion.
“Here drink this, it will help.” I said. She drank the potion, and I helped her to her feet.
“We have completed your damned quest.” She said as she handed me my blade and the ring, both were covered in blood. “If he dies, I will kill you.”
“How bad is he?” I asked.
“The worst I have seen. It is a miracle he still breathes.”
I helped her to her mother’s house. She took some broth and then fell fast asleep. I went to see the boy. Joan was by his side. “How is he?” I asked.
“It is a wonder that he lives. His chest is caved in, and he has festering burns on his arms and torso. His pulse is barley palpable, and you can hardly tell that he breathes at all.” She apprised me.
“Can you heal him?”
“He is way beyond my help. You should never have sent them.”
“I need to leave, but I shall return soon. There are things that I need to get. Do your best for him. He needs to live; it is not yet his time.”
I left and ran to my home. Along the way I encountered James. I gave him the ring and told him to take it to Richard. When I got home, I grabbed my bag and returned to Joan’s house as fast as my legs could carry me. I rushed into the room. Joan was holding Robert’s hand.
“I need an hour alone with him. Just one hour, then I need you to return.” I insisted.
“What can you do in one hour that I cannot?” She asked.
“You do not wish to know that answer, trust me.”
“Trusting you is what has caused this tragedy. They are but children.” She glared at me.
“They are children no more. You need to attend to your daughter when she awakes. She has experienced great emotional and physical trauma, and I can tell by her eyes that she has taken a life.”
“My family’s debt to you has been paid.” She exclaimed.
Joan left and I attended to Robert. Robert had already consumed a small amount of Eli’s essence when I had joined him with Freya. More would create too strong a link between us. If he was to live, he would need to live his own life and follow his own destiny. I was going to have to do this the hard way. When Joan returned, she found me collapsed on the floor. I was barely breathing. She got me to a cot and made me comfortable then she examined the boy.
She was shocked. He was breathing normally, and his pulse was strong. His chest was no longer caved in, and the bones had healed. The burns showed no signs of festering, and they too were nearly healed. She applied a poultice to them. Now she had three patients, and I was the one in the most severe condition. When I awoke, Joan was by my side.
“I am glad to see you awake. You have been asleep for three days.” She said.
“How is the boy?” I asked.
“He will be fine thanks to you, but he’ll have plenty of scars to remind him of your quest.”
“Thanks to me? No. He has you to thank. I think he looked worse than he was, and you have great skill.”
“Do not lie to me. You not only possess great skill but powerful healing magic.”
“No, just a skill that in a more open minded world, I would have gladly shared with you.”
“Like you taught Richard. He came to visit you a couple of times. Each time he demanded to be alone with you. After each visit, you seemed to improve, and he looked tired and pale.”
“I’ll have to thank him when I see him again.”
“He’ll be here shortly. He wanted to be informed when you awoke. I shall keep your secret, but one day you will need to teach me this skill.” She said.
She gave me a bowl of broth that I sat up and drank. I was still feeling quite weak. It did not take long for Richard to arrive. He wanted to talk to me alone, and he looked angry.
“That was a stupid thing to do. You could have died, and I still have need of you. Now there are whispers of witchcraft and magic for which we need to attend.” He said loudly.
“I am sorry, but it was necessary. The boy has a destiny to fulfill. The gossip of witchcraft will blow over. The Church at this moment is more concerned with politics than witchcraft. They do not want to lend credence to superstition. Tell them that the boy really was not hurt that badly, or that he was healed by God because he was successful in his quest for the ring. Tell them that I was ill and that seeing the boy hurt, was too much guilt for me to handle in my depleted condition.”
“You and destiny, I think you are obsessed with it. I agree; we will be able to dispel the talk of witchcraft. I like your ideas, especially the one about God’s intervention as a reward for a holy quest. This is why I need you; you are much better at this political manipulation than I. But it would have been better not to have to deal with this problem in the first place.”
“Your skill in politics increases by the day. I have to thank you. Joan told me about your visits. She knows. She figured it out, and then I confessed it to her. We can trust her, and maybe one day we will teach her.”
“I could not let you die. Now another person knows! You know the more people that know the greater the risk.” Richard cautioned.
“I know, but sometimes trust is worth the risk. Have you seen Ingrid?” I asked.
He laughed. “She has changed. Something happened to her while they were away. Besides eating and sleeping, she is either at Robert’s side or she is picking fights. She has a great rage within her, and she is releasing it on the young warriors. She has bested all of them, even Rolf. She broke three of his ribs. I think that he is more smitten with her than ever. No one will fight her now except Eric. He knows what she needs for he has been there. Every day he spars with her until they are both exhausted.”
“She is working it out as a man would. She is not a man. Eventually, she will need to talk about it, or she will not heal.” I said.
“I doubt if that will happen any time soon.” Richard asserted.
“Did you send William the ring?” I asked.
“Yes. The courier is on his way to William as we speak. William and I have already exchanged birds on the matter, and he is most pleased. He believes that this will help him get the Pope’s approval for his claim to the throne of England.”
“This obsession of his with the throne; it will only lead to war you know.”
“I know, but he believes it is his destiny, and you cannot fight destiny.” Chuckled Richard.
“Ha ha, but it will not be so funny when people die. If there is war, we are likely to be caught up in it. Are you ready for that?”
“I have seen battle.” He responded.
“Battle is not the same as war. A single battle may be justified, and there may even be some honor to it. War has no honor. It is protracted. It is a series of battles with atrocities committed in between them. Its only purpose is conquest and domination.” I explained.
“I know that the learned are against war, but you make it sound as if it were a great evil.”
“It is evil. It is the worst nature of man for it is killing for the fulfillment of greed and vanity. It brings out the worst in men. Good men will do terrible things that they never would have considered themselves capable, and this does great damage to their souls. You will find this out for yourself if we are involved in William’s war.” I stated.
“Enough talk of war. Let us get you on your feet and back to your own home. Isis misses you.”


Chapter 15


I was now fully recovered and so was Robert. I tried to talk with him about the quest, but he would have none of it. He did not wish to speak with me now or ever. He and Ingrid blamed me for their trauma, and I was sure Robert blamed me for the death of Freya. I had wondered what had happened to his dog, but I knew that she was dead. I had dreamt it, and Freya would have never left his side if there was still breath in her. The night before Ingrid ran into the village carrying Robert, I had a dream of Robert being tortured and of Freya’s death. I had hoped it was just a dream, but I knew that the three of us were connected through Eli’s essence and that it might be possible that we would share dreams, especially in times of high emotional intensity.
Neither Robert nor Ingrid would confide in me about what had happened to them. As for their relationship, they were now inseparable. They had a battle bond; there is no stronger. They had shared a quest and a terrible trauma. It would be months before you would ever see them apart. Their friendship and bond would last them their entire lives. They had healed physically, but emotionally they still had far to go. I was responsible for this hurt, and I felt responsible for helping them heal.
I was noticing gray coming into my hair and beard. This was not so unusual for a man of my years, but before I had healed Robert; I had none. It seems that this quest would leave a permanent physical mark upon me as well. All for a ring that none of us considered all that important. The ring only had importance to the Pope and thus to William. It was the quest itself, and what it set into motion that was of true value and importance, though Robert and Ingrid had yet to realize it.
Robert would weep every time he heard, smelled, or touched a dog. This eventually passed, and he went on to be an expert trainer of our dogs of war. He had also become a hero to the Church. His recovery of the ring, his miraculous healing, and his knowledge of the New Testament all endeared him to them. His favor with the Church would serve him well in later years where he would become a man of great influence. Ingrid’s role in recovering the ring mattered little to the Church for she was a woman.
My relationship with the Church was on shaky ground. They respected me, but they also coveted my position and relationship with Richard. If they found an opportunity to remove me, they would. I knew this and kept my esoteric practices very discrete. My texts and volumes that were forbidden were carefully hidden. The Church was not often prosecuting heresy, witchcraft, or other esoteric practices. It was not yet Papal policy. If one was convicted, excommunication was usually the harshest penalty. Certain localities were more aggressive, depending on the makeup of their priests and the level of superstition in their congregation. The Church as a whole was mostly focused on expanding its power and influence, and of course its coffers. If a charge of witchcraft could further those ends, it might on occasion be used.
My discretion turned out to be insufficient. A learned friend to whom I had taught my healing potion was caught using it in public. A person that he loved had been trampled by a horse, and he could not help himself. I could place no blame upon him. To those that witnessed this healing, it was surely witchcraft. He lived in a village where the people were quite superstitious and the priests zealous. They arrested him, and he was tortured. He gave up my name under duress. He was most likely coerced to name me specifically, so that the Church would have grounds to remove me. He was clever and also incriminated others who were of high rank including Church leaders. He was spared from further torture and death by hanging, as he was found dead in his cell from unknown causes. I always believed that one of his learned friends had visited him and given him the choice of a quick painless death.
The day came when the Church accused me of witchcraft and heresy. They searched my home and found nothing incriminating. Richard came to my defense. He had read my friend’s confession and saw that it also accused high Church officials. Richard told them that this man was just listing off names of well-known men in order to stop the torture. The priests said that might be so, but that there were other reasons to suspect me, as in the miraculous healing of Robert. Richard exclaimed that Robert’s healing was a miracle from God for recovering the ring. The Church backed down from that specific charge, but they would not relent. They wanted me handed over for questioning. Richard defied them. They said that they would take this matter before William and the Pope. Richard was in an impossible position, and I knew what I had to do. I stepped forward and said that I was a righteous man, and I demanded trial by combat. “Let God prove my innocence.” I said.
The Church accepted. They would find a champion to face me. Richard was upset. He knew that this was the only way out for me, but he feared for my life. No one in our region chose to stand against me for they all wished to stay in the good graces of Richard. The Church had to look elsewhere for a champion and this gave me time to prepare. I needed an advantage, possibly several if I was to survive.
When he arrived, you could tell immediately that he was a warrior for the Church. His shield and armor both bore the cross. He was slightly taller than me and more powerfully built. He appeared to be in his early thirties and had scars from combat. This was a battle tested warrior with skills and experience. When Richard saw him, he could size him up immediately. He voiced his concern. Now he was worried. He had seen me in battle and knew me capable, but this man was a professional, and he doubted my ability to vanquish him. I told Richard not to fear, that God was on my side. He gave me an evil look.
Lars also saw the Church’s champion, and he too doubted my ability to defeat this man. He said I should flee and that he could arrange my escape. I told him that underestimating me often proved fatal. For once I was happy about the gray in my hair and beard, hoping that it would make my opponent overconfident. I told Lars that I had a new shield and better armor that could give me an advantage. He doubted that that would be enough. Then I told him that I had recreated the Norsemen’s potion for enhancing strength. He smiled.
It was now the day of my trial. My new shield and armor were heavier than my old, but I had practiced with them and was confident. Plate armor was common during the Roman period but was rare for our time; chainmail was the norm. I had plate armor over my shoulders and other weak points. My vest was a combination of chainmail and leather as was my colif and gauntlets. My helmet was iron and had good visibility. The new shield was circular and convex.  It bore a four inch spike in the center and four two inch spikes on its edge, one for each direction. I was armed with Janus’s sword and Eli’s blade.
It was less than an hour before my trial was to begin when I drank of my new potion. When I had tested it before, it had made me feel strong and quick. I was able to lift more and pluck flies from the air with ease. Now it felt different. My armor and shield felt light and everything appeared to be moving more slowly. I believed that my heightened arousal from anticipating battle had enhanced its effect. Now I knew why Lars had smiled.
I went to face the Church’s champion. I held him no ill will for I did not know him. He was a man fulfilling a mission for his faith. We stared at each other in the center of the square. I pretended to be hesitant and unsure. He charged with a full frontal attack. I deflected the blow and crashed my shield into him with great force. He was taken aback. I now had his respect, and he could see the change in my attitude. I was now looking for signs of fear; he gave none. We continued to exchange blows trying to wear the other down. This man was stronger and more resilient than Garrick. He was also fast and used moves that I had never seen. If I had been a fraction slower, he would have disarmed me on several occasions. The center spike on my shield had delivered some minor flesh wounds, but they seemed to have no effect on him.
I needed a creative move. I dropped low and as anticipated, he brought his sword down upon me. I blocked the blow with mine as I smashed my shield into the top of his foot. The bottom spike pierced his boot and drove into his flesh. I then sprang up crashing my shield into his, knocking him back. The wound to the foot slowed him some, but now he attacked with even more determination. He knew that time was now more on my side than his.
We continued to exchange blows until he finally made a mistake and swung just a little off balanced due to his injured foot. I countered and spun around slamming the center spike of my shield into his upper back. It punctured his armor and pierced the shoulder blade, splitting the bone. He cried out and dropped his shield for he could no longer hold its weight.
He grimaced at me and shouted, “Drop your shield and fight with honor.”
I looked back at him with a smile and said, “Has that request ever worked?”
He struggled to laugh. “No.” He said.
I looked him in the eyes and yelled, “Concede!”
“I cannot. It would dishonor the Church.” He shouted back.
“Fool, I do not wish to take your life.”
“If it be God’s will, so be it.” He said.
I was beginning to like this man and had no desire to kill him. I waited for a time pretending to stalk him, hoping that he would pass out. He was too resilient. I charged him, and we exchanged blows. He was still amazingly strong. I attacked fiercely with my sword, and he blocked my blow with his. I then drove the center spike of my shield into his sword arm. He stepped back dropping his sword. His arm now lacked the strength to wield it. He drew his dagger. Again I asked him to concede; again he refused.
I delayed making an offensive move hoping that he would fall of his own accord. He continued to stand strong. I pressed another attack. He was clever and almost stealthily delivered a mortal blow with his light blade. I saw the move at the last moment and caught his hand with one of the edge spikes of my shield. Then with butt of my sword, I pommeled him between the brows. Two fast powerful blows in succession dropped him to his knees. One would have taken down the average warrior. One more strike to the head and he fell unconscious to the ground. I kicked his dagger away and positioned my sword at his throat.
I looked at the priests and yelled. “My cause is righteous. God has proclaimed me innocent. Does he require the blood of this man?”
The head priest shouted. “God has spoken. You are vindicated, go in peace.”
I sheathed my sword and walked away. The priests came out and gathered their man. They then took him to the church. When I got to the edge of the crowd, I was greeted by my friends. Hugs were exchanged, and we went in search of grog.
“I must have trained you better than I thought, and I must get one of those shields.” Said Eric.
I looked at Lars and said, “I could not have vanquish him without your help.”
Lars smiled, “If the Church knew half of what we do, we would all burn.”
Richard was happy and at the same time angry. “Why did you not sever the pulse point at the top of the foot when you had the chance? His blood loss would have been great and that would have ended it.”
“I know, but I thought that I could win without killing him, and I did.” I answered.
“He almost killed you with his dagger, and he may yet die from the injuries you inflicted upon him. The blows to his head would have been enough to kill most.” Said Richard.
“He is very resilient. His constitution is robust like your father’s. He is likely to live.”
“Please do not speak of my father. Well now the Church should leave us alone for a while. You have humbled them. They will continue to resent you, but I doubt that they will ever challenge you again.” Richard remarked.
“I agree, but we must still take care and not lack for discretion.” I said.
“You looked stronger and quicker than I have ever seen you.” Said Richard.
“A new potion, I will have to teach you about it. It does however come with a price. For a day or two of enhanced strength is followed by two days of extreme fatigue. In this case, I am more than willing to pay that price.”
“I look forward to learning how to make this new potion.” Said Richard.
“Where is James? I did not see him in the crowd.” I asked.
“He is at the smith’s working on armor. He thought that you were going to die, and he did not wish to watch.” Answered Richard.
After having a couple of mugs of grog, I headed off in search of James. I walked to the smith’s and found him at work. I handed him my helmet and shield. A big smile came to his face.
“How did you beat him? That man was a professional.” James asked loudly.
“I told you to never underestimate my abilities. The shield worked better than I could have hoped. The armor is a little heavy and restrictive in some minor ways. We will need to work on it some more.” I said.
“I still cannot believe you won. That man was like Garrick, but stronger and more skilled. Now I wish I was there to watch. I knew that you possessed better equipment than him, but still that man should have been able to take both you and me at the same time much less you alone.”
“He was the strongest man that I have ever faced in combat, but strength does not always determine the victor.” I said.
“I know, but he had great skill and experience on his side as well. You must have used some trick or magic. I don’t want to know about it. That is the kind of thing that probably got you accused in the first place.”
“You worry too much. Now let me suggest how we are to improve the armor.” As I removed mine.
We laughed and joked while we worked. I wanted to share my ideas with James while they were still fresh in my mind. The armor had now been tested in actual combat, and I wanted to use what I had learned to make it better. After a couple of hours, we had put the finishing touches on the armor. I said goodbye to James, and I told him that I needed to rest from my ordeal, even though I was feeling strong and alert. The potion was still working, and I wanted to see Joan and the man that I had fought before I became too fatigued.
Joan too thought that my chances for survival were slim and chose not to watch. She was glad to see me, but not surprised for she had heard news of my victory. I asked her for a favor. I wanted to know if she would be the healer for the man that I had vanquished. I did not know if he would accept the offer or if he was even conscious, but I wanted to know that Joan would agree before I made it. She agreed, but wondered why I wished to help this man. I told her that I had worked hard at not having to kill him, and I did not want my efforts to have gone to waste. She laughed, and she understood.
I walked to the church pushing a small cart. I was feeling good as if I had not just a few hours past been in a fight for my life. I entered the church and saw my adversary lying on a cot. He was barely conscious but was becoming more lucid with each passing moment. His constitution was most impressive. The ignorant church healers already had him covered with leeches. He seemed to recognize me as I approached.
“I am glad to see that you yet live.” I said to him, smiling.
“You should have killed me. It would have been less painful than this headache.” He responded.
“I did not wish to kill you. If I did, I would have pierced the pulse point higher up on your foot and ended the battle much sooner.”
“You are a man of knowledge. I am glad that I did not have to kill you. There are too few men of knowledge in the world at this time.”
“There are more than you might think. It is a shame that your Church does not value wisdom and knowledge among the laity. They believe that Bible stories are enough for most men. They do not even allow the Holy Bible to be translated into common language. One must learn Latin in order to read it.” I exclaimed.
“I also wish that my Churched encouraged the pursuit of knowledge, but it is not my place to question their wisdom. If your crime was because you were too learned then I am truly sorry. I wish that they would only prosecute those who commit true crimes against the Church, but again who am I to question them. I have sworn an oath to obey and to protect the Church.” He said.
“I am sorry that I had to inflict so much damage upon you with my shield. You would not concede, and you were too resilient to pass out.”
“That shield! It was as much a weapon as it was for protection. Who made it for you?” He asked.
“I, my friend James, and our metal smith developed it together. I wanted to be able to use it as a weapon. The Spartans of ancient Greece used their heavy shields as much for offense as they did for defense.”
“You are a man of letters and history. I too am a man of letters.” He said proudly.
“Do you read Latin?” I asked.
“Yes.” He answered.
“If you live, I will give you a copy of Homer’s Iliad written in Latin.”
“A most generous offer, but I have nothing to give in return.”
“It would be a gift to a friend, and I am sure that you have stories of adventures in far off lands that I would find most intriguing.”
“Yes friends, I would like that, but my survival is far from certain.” He stated.
“I have a friend. She is a skilled healer. She has agreed to treat you if you wish it. Your odds are much better with her than if you stay here with these ignorant pretenders.”
“Agreed, get me to someone competent, and I shall be in your debt.”
I carried him to my cart. He was heavier than he looked, but I was still feeling strong and could lift him without strain. I then pushed him to Joan’s house, and she helped me get him inside and onto a cot. Joan and I removed the leeches and threw them into the fire. I knew that he was in very capable hands, so I left for home for I was very hungry.
The next day I was still feeling good. The effects of the potion were still with me. I used it to my advantage and rearranged some of the heavier objects in my home. Any chore requiring strength, I completed. Then I went to the smith’s to work on adding the new improvements to more of our armor. Pounding hot metal with a heavy hammer now seemed much easier than it had but a few days ago. I worked for several hours and then left to see how my new friend was faring. When I got to Joan’s, he was asleep. Joan told me that she had done all she could and that the rest was up to him. She said that if too much marrow had leaked from the bone, he could get a fever and die. All his other injuries were not life threating except maybe the blows to the head. If he was still conscious tomorrow, they would no longer be of concern. She said that all we could do was wait.
I went back home for I was hungry again. I had been eating much more than usual after my battle. That night I slept well, but in the morning, I could hardly move. I felt every blow that had hit my shield, sword, and armor. I was sore everywhere and greatly fatigued. It was difficult to get out of bed, and I had no desire for food. I began to search for a remedy for the pain. I considered using the pain potion that was created for the dogs of war, but thought it too strong. In my condition, it would have made me sleep for days, and I might not remember anything. I brewed some willow bark tea. It helped some, and I could now move a bit better.
There was a knock on my door. I was slow to answer for it still hurt to move. It was Ingrid; her mother had sent her. She still had not forgiven me and spoke to me as little as possible. She told me that my new friend’s condition had worsened and that he was now burning with fever. I grabbed my bag that now felt much heavier than usual and followed her. I could barely keep up. It felt as if I had traveled miles when it was just a few hundred yards. Ingrid let me into the house where I found Joan by the side of her patient. She told me that he was delirious with fever, and that there was little that she could do. She had tried the medicines that she uses to treat fever and none of them had worked. Ingrid then left us for she has matters of her own for which to attend.
“You could help him, as you did for the boy.” Said Joan.
“No, I am too fatigued from combat. I lack the vital energy required with which to heal him. You could heal him. I could guide you through it.”
“Is it dangerous?” She asked.
“It can be, but the greater danger is getting caught doing it.”
“I would not risk my health or of being sanctioned by the Church for this man, but I dearly wish to learn this skill of yours.”
“Bolt the door and bring me a bowl of water.” I instructed.
“Is there anything else you require?”
“No, everything else is in my bag.” I reached in and pulled out a bottle of pain potion. “Give him some of this.”
“Is not that the pain medicine you use on the dogs?”
“Yes, it will make him more comfortable, and it also has the effect of impairing his memory. I doubt that he would remember anything given his current state, but one can never be too careful.”
“I understand.” She poured some of the pain potion down his throat. I then mixed the ingredients for the base potion into the bowl. Joan pricked her own finger and added a few drops of blood at my instruction. I swirled it all together. I taught Joan how to charge the mixture with the energy emitted from the vortex on the palm of her hand. She had a natural ability and learned quickly.
“Bring me a cloth, a funnel and a bottle for we have much more than we need.” I said.
“How long will it keep?” She asked.
“Years, one of the ingredients helps to preserve it as does the vital energy you have added to it.”
I strained and bottled the excess. Even this small amount of activity was exhausting for me. After I sealed the bottle, I had Joan drink from the bowl and then give the rest to our patient. With the small amount left in the bowl, I had her wet her hands and then place them on his chest and forehead. I placed my hands on top of hers. Together, we focused on healing him and sending him vital energy. She could feel the heat and vibration, and I could feel the vital energy leave her. When I felt that she had given all that was safe to give, I pulled her hands from him.
“Did I do it?” She asked.
“We shall see. Here drink this it will help. Now you need to rest. I suggest you go to your room and take a nap while I watch over him.” Joan left to do as I suggested. I then put the back of my hand upon his forehead. He felt normal; there was no trace of fever. In less than an hour he was awake. The pain potion should have kept him asleep for much longer. This man’s constitution was most impressive.
“Where is Joan?” He asked.
“She is asleep. She was up with you all night and is exhausted. I volunteered to watch you while she slept.”
“I think she has done good work for I feel well. You on the other hand look pallid like the dead.” He commented.
“I am feeling every bump and bruise from our little conflict, and I am not as young as I once was.” I sighed.
“I feel as though I could walk out of here at this very moment. Can she heal so miraculously?”
“No. Joan has some very powerful medicines for pain. You will not feel as well when they wear off. If I was in a worse condition, I would consider depleting some of her stock.”
He laughed, “I guess I am going to get that book after all.”
“And I shall bring it to you if you swear to follow Joan’s instructions to the letter. Your foot might even heal properly under her care.”
“Agreed, I will lie here and do nothing until she tells me I can.”
“Good, you are even smarter than I thought you to be.” I said laughing.
We continued to talk and tell tales of battles fought and adventures had. He told me his name was Michael and that he had fought many battles for the Church. He believed his name and profession was somehow linked to the Book of Revelation where the archangel Michael leads the Lord’s army into battle. I told him that I believed the Book of Revelation to be a code and that the key had been lost or kept secret. He laughed and said, “That could be.” After about four hours, Joan returned to the room. She still looked tired. I brewed a tonic tea for the both of us as she examined Michael.
“How are you feeling?” She asked him.
“I feel good, as if I was completely healed.” He answered.
“That is the effect of the medicine I gave you for the pain. When it wears off, you will not be in such a hurry to leave your bed.”
“Well then, tell me how badly you believe me to be hurt.” He asked.
“On the good, your fever has broken and the injuries to your head seemed to have caused no permanent affliction. The puncture to your sword arm is a flesh wound and shows no sign of festering. You were lucky the bone was not split. Your foot was not as badly injured as I first thought. I have aligned the bones, and it should heal if you follow my instructions.”
“And on the bad?” He asked.
“The shoulder blade of your other arm is severely injured. The bone has been split, and it will need to be immobilized. Since your fever has broken and you are likely to live, I will do the laborious task of wrapping you tight, so that you cannot move it. It will be two months before you can use that arm again or put weight on your foot.” She instructed.
“I heal faster than most men. I have never taken two months to heal from anything.” He boasted.
“We shall see.” She said, and then she summoned her daughter Helen to help her wrap him for she was still quite fatigued. After he was wrapped tight, they painted the cloth wrappings with a resin that hardened when it dried. It was now impossible for him to move his injured arm or his foot. When they were done, Joan and I left him alone to rest, and then we walked to my house to discuss how to proceed. We were both moving slowly.
“That was amazing. His fever broke and his injuries are almost completely healed. His foot would not have healed correctly and would have left him crippled. Now it is almost healed perfectly.” She said.
“Yes, but such healings come at a cost as you can well feel. You should only use this method of healing in the direst of circumstances and with great discretion. You lied to him and wrapped him when it was not necessary.” I commented.
“He is already well healed and could be sent home, but that would be very suspicious. The Church has been humbled, and it would not be wise to give them a new case to consider. So I dressed his wounds and wrapped him for the sake of appearances. In a little over a month, I will remove the wrappings, and it will appear as if to be a fast recovery for a man who has the reputation of healing quickly.” She explained.
“You have political guile in addition to your skills as a healer. I am very impressed. That was good thinking. This man is intelligent. He is more open minded than most, but he is still employed by the Church and has sworn an oath to them, so take care of what you say in his presence.” I cautioned.
“I think that I shall send him back to the church in a week or so. He will be fine there as long as they don’t cover him in leeches, and he gets some good food.”
“That is a good plan. I shall give him this book. It will help keep his mind occupied.” I said.
Joan left to go check on Michael and give him the book. She took good care of him and even grew to enjoy his company. After a week, she arranged for him to be sent back to the church. I would go and visit him there from time to time. He was educated and well-traveled, and I took joy in our discussions and debates. Aside from Lars and Richard, Michael was the only man in our village that I would consider learned, though I had no suspicion that he possessed any esoteric knowledge. Other learned men were many days travel from here, and our encounters were few for the sake of security.
A month in bed was more than Michael could take. He sat up and put weight on his foot. It held, and there was no pain. He began to walk even though his ankle could not flex. He limped to Joan’s house and demanded that the wrappings be removed. She would only agree if he would promise to take care and not risk reinjuring himself. He acquiesced to her. She took fresh wrappings and soaked them in water, and then she then placed them over the old ones. This softened them so that she could unwrap him.
Michael stayed in our village a few more weeks. He did not want to leave until he felt that he was able to defend himself adequately. He enjoyed my company, telling me that the priests were boring him to death. I convinced him to teach me the techniques he used during our combat. He showed them to me in a slow form and then at full speed. I learned quickly, and he was impressed, so he taught me even more. I told him that this knowledge and his stories of adventures in foreign lands were worth much more to me than the book that I had given him. He disagreed for books were rare and hard to come by. I was saddened when it was time for him to depart. My intuition told me that our meeting was not mere coincidence and that we would cross paths again.


Chapter 16


It had been several months from the time of my trial, and Ingrid had still not talked to anyone except Robert about what had happen to them, and even they spoke of it rarely. Her fights and sparring matches helped release tension, but the rage inside her persisted. She was a woman acting as a man. She would only heal by talking this through with someone who would give her unconditional support. Drastic action was required; I challenged Ingrid to spar with me.
This was a dangerous move. She had a deep seated rage and much of it directed at me. As we fought and exchanged blows, I tried to get her to talk to me. She knew what I was trying to do, and she would have none of it. She was content to release her rage on me in combat. I believed in her mind she wished that we were using real weapons and not just wooden practice ones. This was going nowhere, and I was tired of getting bruised. Using the techniques Michael had taught me, I repeatedly disarmed her. This frustrated and humiliated her to the point that she conceded. I told her that I would teach her these skills if she would report to me the details of their quest. She refused and walked away.
There were only two young men that would spar with her anymore. Eric had stopped. He could see that it really was not helping the way that it had for him and other male warriors. I taught these men Michael’s techniques, but they had to swear that they would not teach them to anyone else without my permission, especially to Ingrid or any of her friends. Now when they sparred with her, they could easily disarm her. She tried to figure out a counter move, but was unable and they would not teach her. After weeks of frustration, she sought me out.
“What do you want of me?” She yelled.
“You need to talk about it.” I insisted.
“We got the ring back. Isn’t that what you wanted?”
“The ring was unimportant. It was the quest itself that mattered. I sent you out to experience the world and test your limits. It was for you to gain competence and confidence in your abilities. The quest was for you!”
“Well it did not work, and now we are damaged, and you are to blame.” She yelled.
“It worked, only the cost was too high. For that I am extremely sorry. All quests have risks that is what makes them worthwhile. You have to heal from your trauma to realize what you have gained.”
“Gained! I have gained nothing.” She said.
“You have experienced the cruel and dark nature of man, and you have come through it. It will not surprise you again. You have a battle bond with Robert, one of the strongest of all friendships. You have tested your limits and are now confident in your abilities. And lastly you have experienced intense rage and now you know its power and its limitations. It is now time to let go of your rage.”
“I have been trying; nothing works!” She cried.
“Ingrid, you are a warrior, but you are not a man. Many men can release the rage of trauma through activity and combat, even just shouting intensely can sometimes work. This is not so with women, and you are a woman. You must confide and talk about the traumatic experience with someone you trust. Someone who will not judge you.”
“I have experience terrible things. I have done terrible things, sinful things. Who will not judge me?”
“I will not judge you for I too have done terrible things.”
“Tell me of what terrible things you have done that could compare.” She demanded.
“In a vengeful rage, I facilitated the stoning and beheading of the man who murdered the woman I loved. I keep his sword to this day. When we rescued Ursula, I blinded a man and then had Aries attack a young warrior. Aries removed his face from his head, and I did not check to see if he was alive or dead before we left. I then released his sister to find him in that condition and gave her no warning to prepare her.” I confessed to Ingrid.
“How awful. You have indeed done terrible things, and you have felt the rage that I feel. Help me!” She cried.
She fell into my arms weeping. Over the next few weeks, she told me of everything that had happened. There was a lot of hugging and crying. It was difficult for her, but she got through it. She was finally healing and most of the rage had left her. Then I told her which parts of the story that she could safely confide to her mother and female friends. They would understand and not judge her nor would they break her confidence.
My attention now focused on Robert. He was working out his rage through meditation and suppression. This was partially effective, but he still had a long way to go before he was healed. He was young and male, and he would have to release his rage through activity and violence. His feminine nature was also strong, stronger than in most men his age. So he too would need to confide in someone who would not judge him. All have both masculine and feminine essences within them. It is only a matter of degree, and both must be honored. Ingrid had released more than enough of her masculine rage before she had confided in me. Now we had to get Robert to release his.
I recruited Ingrid to help me. I told her that it would be difficult and that it could temporarily strain their friendship. As Ingrid and I approached him, he got defensive. He could feel my presence and turned in my direction and said, “What do you want?”
“It is time for you to heal your emotional injuries and to get over your resentment towards me.” I said.
“You used us! You put our lives in danger and for what, a stupid ring.” He yelled.
“I am truly sorry for what happened to you. I underestimated the danger and that will haunt me for the rest of my days. The ring mattered not, you were the reason for the quest.” I said.
“Listen to him Robert. I now understand. The ring was merely a quest object, a reason to set forth. The true purpose of the quest was for us to learn our full capabilities, to test and expand our limits for us to become competent and confident in the world. My rage and anger blinded me, so that I could not see what I had gained. My rage is gone and now I see.” Proclaimed Ingrid.
“Gained? I have gained nothing!” He shouted.
‘You have gained more than most.” I said.
“I lost Freya!” He cried.
“Yes, the price was high, but now you are adored by the Church. Your status in the community is now much higher than it was before you left. If you take advantage of it, you will rise to a position of influence. If not for the quest, you would still be just the blind boy and never really rise to anything no matter how much you learned. Your society would never deem you capable. Now they see you in a different light. The way I have always seen you. You have lost someone with whom you had a strong bond, but you have gained a battle bond with Ingrid, the strongest of friendships that will last you all of your days.” 
“Go away! I do not want to talk with you.” He yelled.
I looked at Ingrid and said, “Push him, provoke him, he is angry with you.”
“Angry with me!” She exclaimed.
“He is a man. It is in his nature to protect, and he failed. You rescued him; think about it.” Her eyes shown with understanding, and she shoved him.
“Why did you not protect me? How could you let him do that to me?” She yelled.
Robert began to weep. “I could not stop them. I am blind and they were strong. Please forgive me.”
Ingrid looked at me, and I nodded. She shoved him again. “You cared for that dog more than me.” She shouted.
Robert became angry. “I loved Freya, and you killed her!” He screamed.
“She was dying, and I could not carry you both.” She responded.
“I miss her, God I miss her.” He sobbed.
They embraced. This was a good start and over the next few weeks he opened up to Ingrid and me, telling us of how he felt and the story of the quest from his perspective. He still had a lot of rage. I would do some combat training with him, but it was not enough. Robert needed a battle.
I arranged for two young warriors close to Robert in age to engage him in hand to hand combat. They were young, but they knew of the inner rage, and what Robert required from them. They were concerned for they thought it was quite unfair and dishonorable for the two of them to battle a blind boy. When I told them the fight would be at night in an unlit room during the new moon, the look of confidence left their faces.
The new moon had arrived, and I had emptied out the meeting hall. The two young warriors were already inside, when Robert showed up. I told him to remember how he was hurt and when Freya had died. I instructed him to bring up the rage and to use it and release it, but not to totally forget his training. He entered the room. I shut the door and gave the signal to begin. At first it was quiet, but in a short while came the sounds of combat: blows being delivered, bodies crashing, and assorted grunts and screams. This went on for nearly half of an hour then the action slowed. Soon all you could hear were just gasps for air. I entered the room with a lamp and called an end to it. I examined the boys. All three were bloody and bruised, but no one was seriously injured. Robert had held his own against two and was no worse off than either of the other boys. He had released his rage and gained the respect and friendship of two young warriors.
He was now more the Robert that I remembered but different. He had gained the maturity and confidence that one hopes to acquire from a quest. Being around dogs no longer bothered him, in fact he sought them out. He had an intuition about them and a way of relating to them that others lacked. He aided the breeders in selecting which dogs to mate. He seemed to feel which ones had the right blend of characteristics. Soon all the dogs of war being birthed were now the quality of the line of Eydlon. There was one pup in particular. His birth had been difficult, and he had to be cut from the womb. His mother and littermates did not survive; he was nursed by a surrogate. This was a massive pup, and Robert named him Goliath from the Old Testament.
Goliath continued to grow large and strong. He became the largest of our dogs. He weighed at least five hundred pounds and was a full hand taller at the shoulder than the next largest dog. He was Robert’s personal dog. Goliath was the strongest and the most dominant and Robert controlled him. Hence Robert was their pack leader and Goliath his second. That is how Robert became our lead trainer and breeder of the dogs of war.


Chapter 17


An event that many considered to be of little significance happened around this time. I believed it to be a turning point in history that would affect who would rule England, and whether we would go to war. Earl Harold Godwinson the Earl of Wessex and the son of the late Earl Godwin was traveling by sea. His ship encountered bad weather in the channel, and he was forced to take refuge in Normandy. The Earl did not have the resources with him that he needed to repair his ship. He required William’s aid.
The Earl was also a contender for the throne of England to which William was well aware. William could have had him eliminated though there would have been political consequences for such an action. He instead extended his hospitality to Harold and gave him the resources he required to get his ship seaworthy. I had heard rumors that they had struck a deal concerning the throne, but it was never confirmed publicly. After Harold had left, it appeared that William was more confident that he would ascend to the throne without conflict.
Richard and I saw some hope for peace, but we were cautious. These two men felt that they had a divine right to rule. When powerful men feel this entitled, war is likely. Lars said we had succumbed to wishful thinking and that he believed war was inevitable. Lars would not fight or aid in a war to satisfy William’s sense of self-importance. Richard was vassal to William, and I was bound to Richard. We would have little choice if William called us to war.
It was near Christmas in the year of our Lord 1065 AD when Edward the Confessor, King of England took ill and within a few weeks he died. Harold Godwinson ascended to the throne. William was furious, as if he had been betrayed. The preparations for war had begun. We were going to invade England; the only question being when.
In the midst of this turmoil, Lars came to me. He had decided to retire from the world and renounce the pleasures of the flesh. He had made arrangements to join a monastery in the foothills of the Pyrenees Mountains and to immerse himself in study and meditation for the rest of his days. I begged him not to go. I told him that I still needed his council and that he still had much to teach me.
“You have surpassed me long ago, and there is little if any that I could teach you.” He said.
“I shall miss you greatly. Are you sure this is the path you that you must take?” I asked.
“I am sure. I am too old for the war that is ahead, and I have seen too much death in my time. At my age, retiring from the world is a noble tradition that is practiced in many cultures to the east.”
“But a Christian monastery, is that not too restrictive for a man like you?” I said.
“The Holy Bible has much wisdom and many secrets. It is in the way that it is studied and interpreted where error occurs. Life at a monastery requires much time in silence and meditation. That is the perfect condition for the pursuit of self-knowledge. The kingdom of God is within and that is where I must go to seek it. Besides this monastery has and uses other texts as well as the Bible.”
“I respect your decision, and now it may be my turn to instruct you. Eli had taught me his secrets to longevity, and now that you are taking the path of celibacy and austerity; they may be of value to you.”
“I had always suspected that you knew them and likely practiced them, but I did not believe you to be celibate.” Laughed Lars.
“Not always. After Eli’s death, I occasionally sought the comfort of English women and here I have succumbed to the temptation of a widow’s bed on more than one occasion. Sex can be indulged in occasionally at the right times of the year and if the correct techniques are practiced.” I explained.
“My appetites would have made it difficult to have sex so rarely. Now that I am retiring from worldly pleasures; I welcome this knowledge. It may take many years to achieve what I seek and having more time may aid me in my quest.”
Everyday Lars came to me for instruction. I was glad to spend this time with him for I knew it was likely that I would never see my friend and mentor again after he left. Lars was adept at many esoteric practices and some of the techniques I taught to him, he mastered with ease. Others he found to be much more difficult and a source of frustration. Try as I might, I could not find an alternative method of which to impart this knowledge to him. He was beginning to lose hope that he could master these esoteric skills before he had to leave, and even considered that they might be beyond his abilities altogether. I encouraged him to continue, but I realized that a more drastic approach was necessary. One day I slipped a few drops of Eli’s essence into his tea while he was distracted. After he consumed it, he quickly mastered all that I taught him. Lars did not know what I had done, but he suspected that I had used some kind of magic to facilitate his learning. I too would have never gained mastery, if not for the use of the same magic.
It had been some time since the death of Edward, and everywhere there were preparations for war. Craftsmen and carpenters from all parts of Normandy were sent to Saint-Valery-sur- Somme and the mouth of the River Dives to build William’s fleet. Groups of armed men continually passed through our village on their way to join William’s forces. One day a group of men came into our village; their shields and armor bore the cross. These forces belonged to the Pope, and one of them I recognized immediately. It was Michael. I hailed him down and invited him to drink with me.
“I am glad to see you, but surprised. I thought that the Church was not going to get involved with this conflict.” I inquired.
“Officially we are not here. Pope Alexander secretly supports William’s claim. If William is successful in this venture and captures the throne, the Pope will then make his support public.” He responded.
“Are you then here to fight in this war?” I asked.
“No, we are only here to advise and instruct.” He answered.
“I am happy to see you no matter the reason. Now tell me of your travels.” I insisted.
Michael regaled me with tales of the many adventures that he had had since we had last spoke. He then turned and gazed out the window. “Who is that ravishing creature?” He said.
I looked out the window and saw only Ingrid. “That is Ingrid, Joan’s daughter. Did you not see her when you were here last?”
“No. I would have remembered her and that flaming red hair. Is she married or being courted?” He asked.
“No. She like her mother are of the formidable women. They are tall, strong and fierce. They consider themselves to be warriors and are thus rarely courted. Rolf son of Eric tried, but she refused all his advances. He has since married another.” I answered.
“I shall stay in your village and help train your men while I court her.” He said.
“You may have to best her in combat to gain her respect. She is oft a student of mine, and I have taught her all that you have taught me.”
“I did not teach you all of my tricks. I will enjoy the challenge of getting her to love me.”
“Are you serious about her for you have only just laid eyes on her? She is my friend, almost a daughter, and I do not want her heart to be broken.”
“Yes, I have serious intent. I am smitten and can tell that this is love. When I was a younger man, I had felt this way once before and was lucky enough to marry her. I lost her and my son in childbirth and thought that I would never have the chance to feel this way again. It must be destiny.”
“I try not to resist destiny. I will introduce you to her tomorrow. Now continue telling me of your travels.”
We drank and talked for hours. The next day, I arranged for him to meet Ingrid. I had never considered looking at Ingrid as an object of beauty. When I saw her again, I tried to look at her as if she was a woman to be desired. Then it hit me. With her hair down and her face smiling in the sunlight, she was quite lovely, tall, strong, and fierce but also lovely. Now I could see why Rolf and Michael were smitten with her. They were confident warriors, and she did not intimidate them. They could look past the warrior that she projected and see the woman.
When they met, you could feel the mutual attraction between them. I had never seen Ingrid behave this way towards a man. He seemed to bring out her feminine nature. They left me to enjoy the noon meal together. It was as if I no longer existed for at that moment their eyes were only for each other. I was happy for Ingrid. She now had an opportunity for mutual love that had evaded her for so long. I pondered how Joan would feel about her daughter being in love with Michael. I went in search of her to inform her before the news reached her ears via gossip. I found her eating the noon meal with her younger daughter, Helen. I invited myself to join them.
“Do you remember Michael, the Church’s soldier that you healed for me?” I asked her.
“Of course I do; how could I forget? That is when you taught me your secret skill for which I will always be grateful. Is there a reason that you are asking me this?” She inquired.
“He has returned. His mission is to train soldiers for William. He has personally decided to stay here and train our men.”
“That is strange for William has yet to ask Richard to provide him with men.” She said.
“He has another reason for wanting to stay in our village. He has become smitten with a young women and after they met today, she seems to return his feelings.”
“Is it anyone I know?”
“That is why I am here. It is Ingrid.”
Joan coughed. “My daughter Ingrid?”
“Yes, they make a good match.”
“He is an adventurer. He will leave her and break her heart.” She said with concern.
“I believe that he is truly in love and that he is a man who will make sacrifices for love.”
“Does she love him?”
“I do not know for certain, but she is obviously infatuated by him.”
“I will need to talk with her.”
“Be careful, this may be her opportunity to be happy and have love in her life.”
Joan looked around and said “Where did Helen go?”
“I think she is curious to see the man who would court her sister.” I said.
“My girls are starting to act more like women than warriors.” Joan said with a frown.
“Let them be who they are. You know that Helen is not a warrior at heart, not like Ingrid.”
“I guess it is time that I start letting go. Thank you for telling about Ingrid and Michael. I will still need to talk with her.”
“Be her mother and her friend. If you truly listen to her, I am sure that all will be well.”
I kissed Joan on the cheek and left for I wished to find Lars. We were close to finishing his studies, and I knew it would not be long before he left. Having him leave was akin to losing Eli. I would have no one older, no one with more advanced knowledge in which to turn. I was now the elder, the one to which others would turn. I was ready to accept this reality, but I did not enjoy the prospect.
When I met up with Lars, he had just finished eating. I wanted to spend as much time with him as possible before he set forth to the monastery. I asked him if there was anything that he had failed to teach me. He looked puzzled for he was sure that I had acquired all of his knowledge and more. Then he asked me if I remembered the book that Eli had given him shortly before his death. I told him that I did. Then he asked me if I had mastered it. I had not studied that particular volume for some time. I told Lars that I had found esoteric knowledge and wisdom in it, but no great secrets. He smiled and said, “I may yet have things to teach you.”
Lars told me that much of the hidden symbolism in this text deals with discovering and joining with your higher consciousness. Your higher twin that in Greek is called your Daemon. This I knew. Then he revealed to me the higher truth. The Daemon is not real. It is your reflection from the pool of universal consciousness. It is your portal back. If you can access it during your mortal phase, you will gain the key to great wisdom and power. Beyond that, you can choose the moment of your death and bypass all the heavens, hells, and purgatories. You can rejoin the pool directly without any additional purifications or rebirths. “This is my quest.” Said Lars. “The text is only the starting point. It has some of the answers, but not all of them.”
He told me that other keys were hidden in the great religious and philosophical texts including the Bible, but the most important knowledge was that which is contained within you and can only be revealed through personal revelation. Usually this can only be accomplished by retiring from the world and focusing all of your energies on seeking this inner truth. Then he recited from the Gospel of Thomas verse 49: “And Jesus said: Blessed are the solitary and elect. For you will find the kingdom. For you are from it and to it you will return.” This was the reason he had to leave.
I now understood his path. One that I might well choose when the time was right. This gave me a feeling of peace and calm. No longer did I feel that Lars was deserting me. He had to do this as eventually all must. It is the destiny of the human soul to return to its origin. The only variables are how long and how much suffering one needs to endure. Lars’s path was among the shorter ones, but in all reality it probably took him many lifetimes to arrive at this point.
In the following weeks, we practiced what the other taught. Lars was beginning to look a little younger, and there was a youthful bounce to his step. It was getting close to the time of his departure and unbeknownst to Lars, I had arranged a feast in his honor. One last time for him to indulge in the sensual pleasures of the world before he renounced them and committed to a life of austerity. Lars was a popular figure in our village and many attended. He did not resist this last indulgence and knew that the festivities were as much for his friends as they were for him.
Michael and Ingrid attended. They were clearly a couple. The grog flowed, songs were sung, and contests of strength were played. At the peak of the merriment, Michael rose and announced that he and Ingrid would soon wed. All cheered. The young warriors’ attention turned to Michael and in besting him in games of drink. The feast continued late into the night.
The next morning Lars arose from the bed of a widow, his head pounding. Eric, James and I were in similar conditions. We all met for the morning meal, and I brewed us some willow bark tea with a few special herbs to help us recover from the night’s festivities. I wondered how Michael was faring for his grog consumption last night had been of heroic proportions. Eric said that Ingrid had tossed him over her shoulder and carried him home. Eric boasted that that was one of the advantages of having a formidable woman for a wife. We all laughed. It hurt to laugh.
The time came for Lars to leave. His cart was well provisioned and his horse healthy. It was a long journey to the monastery. The roads were now safe in Normandy and reasonably so in France, and Lars was capable, so we had little fear that he would not arrive safely. He took with him several homing birds so that he could write to us after he had settled. All were sad to see him go, but none sadder than I. Even though I knew his decision was the correct one, my emotions were winning over my intellect, a rare occurrence in my mature years.
For a while I grieved, knowing that I would never see my friend and mentor again. I received his message that he had arrived safely and was getting acquainted with the other monks. His message was short for all messages delivered by bird were short. It reassured me, but it also caused me to miss him more. Life’s events continued and Michael’s and Ingrid’s nuptials were soon approaching. I was happy for them and so was Joan. So few of the formidable women marry, it was a special occasion for them. They were extremely pleased that Michael was a warrior of great prowess. This had not happened since Eric had wed Gerda. Michael had decided to retire from the Pope’s service. This was allowed for older men with families. He was still required to be available to train the soldiers of Christ and could be recalled to serve if the need was dire. In addition, he was not allowed to fight in the service of another sovereign without Papal permission.
Michael was to become a permanent member of our community. It was good to have another educated man added to our ranks. Unlike most villages, many of our people had some degree of literacy, but they were not what you would call educated. Books were rare, especially those in their native tongue and few could read Latin. Only Lars, Richard and I had command of Greek. Robert had gained some education through my tutelage, but it was difficult for him to progress on his own due to his lack of sight. I had taught Ingrid Latin when she was a young girl, and she had read some of the Bible and several other of my books. Michael loved her even more after discovering that she had education. Their children would grow tall, strong and possess knowledge that most lacked.
The wedding took place in June. The weather was fair, and there was much merriment. I had purchased a calf as a gift for their wedding feast, and Richard had acquired three barrels of grog for the evening’s festivities. Michael’s fellow soldiers and comrades needed to be weary of how much drink they consumed for many of the formidable women were seeking warriors for fornication that night. Stories were told for months after of the amount of drink consumed and the number of couplings attained.
It was good to have times of joy and merriment. There was still peace though war was looming. It was odd that William had ignored us and had not asked for soldiers or material support. We had a reputation for being fierce in battle and clever in strategy. I wondered if we would be involved in this war at all. Maybe William wanted us to remain at home as a buffer and to provide stability or maybe he had something special planned for us? We did not have to wait long to get our questions answered. In late August, William’s second in command paid us a visit. Richard and I listened as he unveiled William’s plan for us.


Chapter 18


“Harold keeps a large contingent of his navy harbored at the Isle of Wight since driving out his brother Tostig from there earlier this summer. He now patrols the channel hoping to catch us at sea. That and the weather are why we wait because our army and fleet are at the ready.” William’s second informed us.
“So when does William plan to invade?” Asked Richard.
“Many of Harold’s men are not professionals. He will have to release them at harvest time so that they can gather their crops. This is when we will attack. There are also rumors that Tostig has allied himself with King Hardrada of Norway and that they plan to invade England from the north. If that comes to pass, Harold will have to march north to engage them. That will be our opening and that is when we need you.”
“That is when you want us to join the fleet and invade England.” Said Richard.
“No. We have enough men for that. We want you to attack Harold’s fleet at the Isle of Wight, destroy as many ships as you can and act as a diversion while William lands at Pevensey.”
“What about the nobles of Wessex? Will not they come to the aid of Harold’s forces on the isle?” I asked.
“They will, but their response will be slow. They are still recovering from Tostig’s raids during the spring, and it will be harvest time. You will need to be successful against Harold’s forces first before you need worry about them.” He said.
“How long must we hold?” Asked Richard.
“Are you planning to retreat?” He said.
“We have never retreated save when we have feigned retreat to draw in our enemy.” Richard replied.
“Feign retreat as a strategy, I will need to remember that. Winchester is where the royal treasury is kept and taking it is a high priority for William. It is in the heart of Wessex. When William captures it, the nobles of Wessex are likely to submit. If they do not then, they will when William takes London for they know that William will become king and punish them for their insolence. If you can hold until then, there will be no need for retreat.” Said the officer.
“We are at William’s service.” Said Richard.
“Good. Here are maps and battle plans. Show these only to men you trust. Prepare now and wait for the command to go. William will send you the command via bird. The message will have his seal on it. When you receive it, send a bird to him with your confirmation and use your seal.”
The officer spent the night and then left at dawn. Preparations for war consumed all of his attention as it would now for us. We had a core fighting force of around a hundred and forty warriors. More if you counted the men over forty five years which included me and Eric. This was not enough for our military adventure; we needed to recruit more. Richard and I traveled to the surrounding villages recruiting as many warriors as we could. Many had already joined William’s forces so there were less men from which to choose. We concentrated on recruiting men of Norse descent for we did not want a mix of dialects or fighting styles. Our force would have to act as one.
In two weeks’ time, we had added an additional two hundred men to our ranks, bringing our total to over three hundred and fifty. It was barely enough. We trained them daily to get them to function cohesively. Michael’s help was invaluable for he had the most combat experience. Only forty two of our men had the new armor and shields. They were expensive and time consuming to make, hence the bulk of our force was armed with their own personal weapons and armor. Those who had none were provisioned from old stock and that which was captured from previous battles.
William supplied us with twenty one vessels. These were long boats with oars and some sail capability. They could hold up to twenty men each for short sea voyages, and had the advantage that they could be landed directly on shore. Together with vessels of our own, we could sail our force of three hundred and seventy men and thanks to Robert’s efforts sixty three dogs of war to the Isle of Wight. Our dogs were now equal to any that Eydlon had produced. Goliath was not coming with us for he was Robert’s personal dog and our top sire. Aries II and Isis would follow Richard and me into battle.
We continued to train, prepare and wait. Waiting to be called for war has its own stresses. Michael knew this well and had experienced it many times. He got the men to focus on their training, and he also encouraged them to spend as much time with their families as was possible. We wished that Michael could come with us into battle, but the Church would not allow it.
Michael, Richard and I would meet to go over battle plans and strategy. We wished that we had better maps. Ours gave us the details of the coastline and where the ships were likely to be harbored, but they showed little of the actual terrain of the island itself. Once we landed, we would need to scout it for ourselves. Richard’s vulture was still in good health, but my bird had passed hence I no longer had eyes in the sky.
“You know that William considers you expendable as if you were pawns in a game of chess.” Said Michael.
“You don’t believe that he expects us to succeed?” Said Richard.
“It all depends on how you define success. William defines it as landing at Pevensey unchallenged. You define it as being victorious in battle and staying alive.” He said.
“You think that he is sending us to our deaths?” Asked Richard.
“I do. If I were you, I would strike at dusk, boarding and burning as many ships as possible and then retreat home in the cover of darkness.” Michael responded.
“Could not that draw the surviving ships closer to Pevensey as they pursued us?” Asked Richard.
“That is a risk. It would depend on the winds.” Said Michael.
“If an act of cowardice caused William to lose this war, there would be hell to pay.” Richard replied.
“That too is a risk.” Said Michael.
“We have almost four hundred men under our command, for us to lose them all in one battle would be a tragedy. I will come prepared with all that I am capable.” I nodded to Richard.
“Good, but that is not likely to be enough.” Michael said with a look of puzzlement.
Richard understood the implied meaning of what I had said. He knew the power of the esoteric arts and that they often came with a price. Richard did not yet understand or know of war, but he would soon. He still thought of it as battle, where there was honor and glory and one stood man against man. He was a warrior and a leader, but he was still naïve.
I remember the day well, September 19, 1066. That was the day William’s bird arrived. The message said: “Tostig has invaded to the north. Harold marches to face him. Set sail at once.” The message bore William’s seal. Richard sent him a confirmatory message. We gathered the men, dogs and provisions and were in the water by the twenty first. At dawn of the twenty third we could see the isle. The weather was clear and the visibility good. Richard scouted ahead from the air. The ships were too spread out to get more than a few in a surprise attack. There were armed men encamped on the island and more holding an old Saxon fortification that had stone walls.
We approached slowly. The good visibility was a double edged sword. It aided our navigation, but it also made us easier to spot, so we got no closer than we dared and waited for nightfall. Richard split our forces into two groups. One would establish a beachhead on the island while the other would attack the closest ships, setting fire to them if possible. Then we would all regroup at the beachhead. It was now dark, and the enemy did not expect us. We sent two boats to the stern of each ship to destroy the rudders. The other boats then surrounded it throwing clay vessels filled with oil against the hull and onto the deck while archers set the crafts ablaze with flaming arrows. When smaller boats came to their aid, we set them afire in the same manner. Those that were able to engage us were boarded by the dogs of war and often all hands would flee into the sea. When all was done, we had destroyed three large ships and crippled several others. We had also laid waste to over a dozen smaller craft. The element of surprise had given us the advantage, and our losses were minimal.
Our victory would be short lived. The fires had alerted the other ships and their support forces on the isle. Ships and galleys were fast approaching our position. We could now see the fire of our beachhead, and Richard commanded that all our craft head towards the signal and landfall. We were warriors, but we were not navy. We fought best on solid ground and would be at great disadvantage if caught at sea without the element of surprise to aid us. Our adversaries almost succeeded in cutting us off; we had just enough head start and the winds seemed to favor us. We landed on the beach and secured our boats. The enemy ships halted their pursuit. They were navy and were content to contain us with a blockade and let the infantry on the island deal with us.
Richard did not like the defensibility of our current position. We had the low ground and our backs were to the sea. From his earlier observations from the air, he knew that we were at a considerable numerical disadvantage. The encampment had nearly twice our number and again our number behind the fortification. At sea there were roughly our number, but again they were navy and we were not. Richard decided we needed to move. There was a depression between two small ridges not far from our position. There we would not be as visible, and we had the ridges as high ground. Richard pained over this decision because it meant abandoning the boats, but he would not be caught by superior numbers on the low ground with his back to the sea. Richard stationed a few archers in good cover to protect our boats and then we set forth.
From the ridges we could see the torches of our enemy. They were advancing on our position. They could see our torches as well. They had split their forces and were setting up to come at us from two directions with our only escape being to go back to the sea or to approach within the range of their archers at the fortification. Even if we could hold against such numbers, we would take heavy casualties. Then they need only contain us until reinforcements could be brought from Wessex. In fact they might not even attack at all, content to lay siege to us until our provisions ran out and more forces arrived. Our situation was dire as Michael had predicted it would be. If we could but take the fortification, we might be able to hold long enough for William to successfully invade southern Wessex and possibly Winchester. But that goal was just a dream. We had in effect already lost. We had put a small dent in Harold’s navy, and we may draw some additional forces our way, but that was the limit of our success. The cost of which was high for we would most likely fight than be captured. Even being taken prisoner did not guarantee survival.
Richard was heart sick. He had led his men into an impossible battle to give William a small edge. He had hoped for glory and the honors of victory. He did not expect to be sacrificed as a pawn. He was now learning the ways of war. Eric was happy to take a stand here and fight to the death for he did not wish to grow old and feeble. He was sad for his two sons that had joined him on this adventure for they were still young and had no sons of their own. All our warriors including the dogs were willing to fight to the death. There was even talk of charging the enemy and fighting to the last man. I sought out Richard for now he needed my council.
“How do you feel about war now?” I asked.
“We knew it could come to this, and I am prepared to die. It does sicken me that we would lose so many for such a small amount of damage inflicted upon the enemy.” He answered.
“I am prepared to offer you a choice. Die here in a hopeless battle or seize victory from defeat. The cost of this victory is high. It will leave a black mark upon your soul, and I may well die in the attempt. Your men will suffer damage to their souls as well, but this is what happens to men in war.”
“You have magic powerful enough to give us the advantage?”
“More than just an advantage; certain victory, at least for now.” I said.
“I cannot let my men die if there is a way to save them.”
“I shall do this dark magic for you. Then you will be left with the hard choices of war. You could win it all at a great cost to your soul, or you might be able to retreat and go home and be branded a coward. This is war, and you will now learn what war does to good men.”
I led Richard to a small inlet near our position that connected to the sea. We sat down, and I consumed a potion that would heighten my awareness. Now we waited. I sat in silent meditation for some time until darkness began to give way to light. The sun had not yet broken the horizon. It was time. I filled a bowl with water from a skin. Then I added to it a potion, some herbs, a few drops from the sea and a little of my blood. I swirled the bowl, mixing the concoction. I then charged it with vital energy from the palm of my hand. The final ingredients were yet to be added. I poured in all of the remaining essence of my mentor, and then I added an amble amount of a vile poison. I swirled these together as I waded into the water.
I raised the bowl over my head and said, “Eli forgive me.” I drank a swallow of the mixture then poured the rest into the sea. I dropped the bowl and again raised my hands. With all the attention that I could focus, I called forth a great mist. I directed it to float high above us and our men. It then encompassed the ships, the fortification and the men that faced us. I could feel the poison attacking my body, but I stood strong and maintained my focus. The sun was now above the horizon, but you could not see it through the fog. My legs grew weak, and I succumbed, collapsing into the water.  Richard rushed in after me and dragged me to the shore. My glassy eyes gazed into his.
“It is done. All who breathe the mist will be as I am. They will be helpless. When it clears, you can snatch victory from defeat or we could go home. If you are loyal to William, you will attack at will, burn all their ships and kill them all. He would expect nothing less.”
I was weak and could barely move. I could not walk. Richard tossed me over his shoulder and carried me back to the men. Slowly the fog lifted and the sun shone. We were not attacked. Richard took some men to check on our crafts. While Richard was with me, the enemy had landed and had confiscated many of our boats. What they did not take, they disabled. Our archers fired on them, killing and wounding a few, but that did not deter them. The archers had to flee when they had no more arrows. We now had only three boats that were seaworthy. It seems the mist had begun to overtake the enemy before they could complete their task, and they fled back to the sea. The smaller vessels, including ours that were taken, were not anchored and were now adrift with the winds and currents. There was no hope to recover them. We could take the large ships, but we lacked the expertise to sail them. We were stranded.
Richard divided our forces. He had Rolf command the three boats. His task was to set fire to all the ships that were anchored. Eric was to lead men against their infantry in the field, and Richard led the assault on the fortification. His orders were to destroy all the ships with all hands on board and to kill all the troops that opposed us. We could take no prisoners for we lacked the resources to contain them. There was no resistance; our enemy was defenseless. Men were burned alive on their ships. Some managed to get overboard only to drown in the sea. We killed at will, slaughtering all who wore armor or carried a significant weapon. It took over a day to kill them all. Eric came to Richard. He had slaughtered all the enemy that he could find. He was covered in blood. Eric looked at me seeing that my condition was similar to our enemy’s.
“I do not care what dark magic you used, but I will never kill this way again. There is no honor in slaughtering helpless men. My heart is sickened.” He said.
I looked upon both of them. “Now you are learning the difference between war and battle. I told you that there is no honor in war.”
Richard too had had enough of killing. Now he had tough decisions to make. He wanted to go home, but we had too few boats. He knew that the nobles of Wessex would not let this attack go unavenged. He decided to make two plans. We would prepare the fortification for a siege, and we would also commandeer as many crafts from the island’s inhabitants as possible and attempt to repair some of our damaged long boats. If we had enough seaworthy vessels, we would head for home. After a few days, I had begun to recover, at least physically. The carnage that I enabled still weighed heavy upon my heart. When I was ready, Richard gave me the sad task of confiscating provisions from the local people to prepare the fortification for a siege. I did not know if he wished on some level to punish me, or if he thought that I would be the one to perform this task in the most fair and compassionate manner. He himself wished to inflict no further suffering. He was losing his appetite for war. He just wanted to survive and bring his men home to their families.
I was actually the best choice for the task that I was given for I had grown up in Wessex and knew the language. I and Richard were the only ones who did. James did not want anything to do with William’s war against his countrymen and used his age as an excuse to stay behind with his family. I missed him by my side. I took a group of armed men and several dogs and went house to house in search of what we required. I attempted to be as fair as possible in my confiscations, trying to take only what people had in surplus, and not what they needed for their day to day existence. This was not always possible. I hoped that we could secure enough seaworthy craft or that William’s victories would be swift so that we could return what we failed to use. I also compensated families with any loot that was taken from the men that we had killed so that when this conflict was over, they could purchase what they needed for winter. Acting as fair as possible was also motivated by practical concerns. If we were viewed as fair and not cruel or ruthless, the inhabitants of the isle might be less inclined to risk their lives to rise against us if they thought us at a disadvantage.
This was not William’s philosophy. He had landed at Pevensey and then marched north to establish a base at Hastings. Richard had seen this from the air. He also saw how William terrorized the countryside to provision his men and to draw Harold back south. William used fear to deter action against him. He believed that people would resist less if they had less to resist with. Winning the hearts and minds of the common people were the least of his concerns.


Chapter 19


I was continuing my house to house search for provisions when a strange sensation came over me. It was a familiarity as if I had once lived on this island, though I had never been here before this venture. I looked at the next house down the road. There was an older man working in his garden. He was probably a little more than ten years my senior and even though he was gray, he stood straight and strong. It could not be; he was dead. I took some men and went to have a closer look. When I looked him in his eyes, I was sure. Garrick yet lived. He returned my gaze, and then it hit him.
“You! How do you come to be here?” He said with an expression of shock.
“Duke William of Normandy is invading England to take the throne. I am with the force to destroy Harold’s navy and divert the armies of Wessex.” I responded.
“That is right; you fled to Normandy with my wife and son, as planned. Are they safe?”
“Adel lives and is safe in Normandy. She has never remarried. Richard grew straight and strong. He leads us in this venture.”
“My son! My son is here!”
“Yes, now tell me of how you survived and came to be here.” I demanded.
“When Cedric tried to cross his bridges, we held for a while. His archers eventually drove us back. If we had had more dogs, they would never have been able to cross. They drove us back to our wall where our archers killed many of them, but still they came. They took us only by sheer numbers and not prowess. I was wounded and then captured. Cedric thought that I would die of my wounds, but I survived. He did not execute me because I was popular with the people, and he did not want to spur any uprisings. Taking us cost him dearly, and it took him years to recover. He imprisoned me for a year and then exiled me to this island.” He recounted. “Now take me to my son.” He insisted.
I took him and presented him to Richard. “Who is this old man?” Richard asked. “And why does he look at me so?”
“He has his mother’s eyes and my shoulders.” Said Garrick.
“Richard, this is your father. This is Garrick.” I said.
Richard was in shock. “How can this be? You told me that he was dead.”
“I believed him to be for I knew that Cedric had little mercy in his heart and that your father would fight to the death if he was able.” I asserted.
“I was wounded, imprisoned and then exiled here.” Explained Garrick.
Richard stared at him in disbelief. The more he looked at him the more he could see himself in the older man. He cried “Father!” and embraced him. Richard had many questions, and I left them alone for they had decades to make up. Richard told him of his life in Normandy and of his wife and son. He also described his ascent to leadership and his relationship with William. When he and Garrick were done catching up, I too had many questions for Garrick.
Garrick had little in the way of knowledge that we could use in our defense. He did tell us that Cedric still lived and that he had two adult sons. He knew some of the terrain, but had few friends or allies. In exile, Garrick had decided to live a quiet life and not be noticed. He was quite impressed by our resurrection of the line of Eydlon. He said that if he had had a hundred of these dogs, Cedric would have never conquered us. He did tell me that when Tostig was here on the island, his forces inflicted significant damage to the nobles’ military and their lands. Garrick believed that because it was now harvest time that when Cedric and the other nobles attacked, they would be using mostly professionals. They would still greatly outnumber us, and they would be men of skill.
Richard scouted from the air and saw the preparations being made to assault the island. There were ships and long boats full of men and provisions. They would soon have fast vessels in the water that could easily overtake us at sea. We almost had enough craft to escape, but that was now for not. We could not risk being taken at sea where we would be at a great disadvantage. We would have to make our stand here. Richard could see the numbers of men coming. They outnumbered us more than three to one, and there were yet more waiting in reserve. We had enough provisions to last over a month if we could hold.
We readied for an attack. We had archers on the wall and barricades in place. Our men hungered for real battle. They felt a need to redeem their honor after the slaughter and their takings from the common people. The dogs reflected their tension. Richard continued to do his reconnaissance from the air. We wondered how William’s campaign was progressing. We knew that our odds for survival increased greatly the sooner he captured Winchester. We flew his banner so that there was no doubt for whom we fought.
We found out later that Harold had defeated Tostig in the north and had killed both him and Hardrata on September twenty fifth. His forces weaken, he marched south to engage William. They met at Hastings on October fourteenth. William defeated Harold, and Harold was killed in the battle. Some said he took an arrow to the eye, but no one really knew for certain. William then took more towns and cities in the south including Winchester before turning towards London in November.
Our adversaries hit the beach on October tenth. They seemed to be in no hurry to engage us and took their time setting up their encampment. They were happy just to wait and let more men arrive as we used up our provisions. It was on the fifteenth that they first attacked us. The force was roughly about three hundred. We easily repelled them, but we lost thirty men. We believed that their first assault was just a test for they wanted to know our capability and resolve. In the days that followed they attacked with ever increasing numbers. We were successful in driving them back; always killing more of them than they killed of us. We thought that they were trying to get us to exhaust our supply of arrows. We would send men out at night escorted by dogs to retrieve as many as possible. The successive attacks were whittling down our numbers. If this continued for too long, we would not be able to hold the wall, and we would be overrun.
During a lull in the fighting, Richard thought that the men needed some merriment. He summoned John to play his music for them. He was nowhere to be found. Many said he was a coward and that he deserted. None thought him a good warrior, but he was not considered to be a coward until now. Eric was getting anxious. He did not wish to die behind a wall. He wanted to take the fight to the enemy. He knew it was suicide, but he had a warrior mentality and wanted a glorious death. He came to Richard with a plan.
“I cannot stay here and die like a caged animal. I have counseled with the older men. We wish an ancient Norse ritual. We request the Berserkergang.” Eric announced.
“What is the Berserkergang?” Asked Richard.
“It is a ritual done at night around a fire. Men dance, sing, yell, and collide. We work our blood up and then viciously attack the enemy. It was said that in the days of old that they wore wolf and bear skins and special teas were drunk. The berserkers of the Norsemen were greatly feared and were nearly invincible in battle.” Explained Eric.
“That is just a myth. Sending older men into battle against professionals that greatly outnumber them is suicide. It is foolish to deplete our numbers when we need all to defend against this siege.” Said Richard.
“It is not a myth.” I said. “Remember my trial by combat. I had recreated a Norse potion that had enhanced my strength and quickness. Lars had given me enough clues from what he knew, and I had figured out the rest.”
“I remember. Still you did not overwhelm your opponent. So with the potion, they would probably give a better showing of themselves, but they would still be quickly slaughtered.” Countered Richard.
“There is a stronger potion. It is truer to the legend, but it is not perfected. It has terrible side effects. It causes a murderous rage and after two days the user dies. The enhancing effects are truly unbelievable: Strength, speed, stamina are all increased to supernatural levels. The user will want to kill all he sees and will be very difficult to take down.” I claimed.
“You have tested it?” Asked Richard.
“Only on a rat. If I put it in the same room with Aries, I could not be sure which would survive.”
Eric hugged me. “I could not have wished for more. Do you have all that you need here to make this potion?”
“Yes, I have all that I require. When you consult the other men, all must be told the truth and all must agree.”
Richard looked at me. “What would we gain if I allowed this madness?”
“We might strike fear into the hearts of our enemy. Then they might think twice and not attack us for a while, thus giving William more time to take Winchester.” I explained.
“How many men are we talking about?” Asked Richard.
“I and forty eight others, all over forty five years.” Said Eric.
“Do you really think that this will work?” Richard asked me.
“Better than you can imagine. Again this is a terrible thing, sending men to kill and die as vicious animals. Men of super strength and resiliency, feeling no pain, no fear, no mercy.” I said.
“As you have said, this is war, and we have few options. I agree; I shall allow the Berserkergang, and may God help us.” Said Richard as he looked up. Eric then left us. I had never seen him looked more pleased.
“We cannot send them out there alone.” I said.
“More men? We cannot afford to send more men.” Stated Richard.
“Not men, dogs. We give the potion to the older war dogs. Do you remember when the first Aries saved you from the raiders? He was older than any of the dogs we have with us, yet when you were in danger, you could not tell the years on him. The dogs on this potion would be the most formidable of weapons. Sending the dogs will also help stretch our provisions for a dog of war eats twice as much as a man.”
“You had prepared for this possibility. That is why you have the makings of the potion with you.” He accused.
“I told you that I would come with all that I was capable. I did not anticipate that we would give it to men.”
“How are we going to prevent them from killing each other?” He asked.
“Do you have the essence of the man I killed in your possession?”
“I have it with me.” He said.
“We will use it to bond them. They will fight as one.”
“Is there a risk to me in doing this?” Asked Richard.
“Yes, you may feel a bit agitated. The greater effects are when you are asleep. In your dreams you will feel what they feel, see what they see, and experience what they experience. I do not envy you. It will be horrific.”
“Cannot you do this?”
“I have used all the essences that I possessed. Yours is all that we have, and it is connected to you by blood.”
“Could you not create more? There are plenty of dead.” He asked.
“We burn our dead which dissipates the remnant. I also need to get fairly close to the body, especially if there is no bond between me and them. Making it more difficult is that I am not totally recovered from creating the mist, and I have been eating meat to help regain my strength. I would need to abstain from meat and then fast for a day or two to prepare for such magic, and we do not have the time. As you well know it may take time to tame a new essence. No two are alike. If I used the essence of one of our enemy too soon, our berserkers might turn on us.” I explained.
“Alright, we will do it your way. Anything else that I need to know?”
“You and I must sacrifice more. As I said, we are sending the older dogs into battle.”
“Not Aries?”
“Aries and Isis, the men need them. We cannot let our emotions get in the way of what needs to be done. They are dogs of war; they are bred for this. I believe that they feel as Eric feels. They can sense the battle and want to go.”
Using the berserker potion was not without risk. If the men and dogs turned too soon, they might attack us hence the timing had to be precise. Sending them out too early would mean their slaughter, while waiting too long could endanger us all. The dose was also in question. A few drops worked for a rat, but how much for a man or a dog of war? It took me a full day to prepare the potion for some ingredients needed to age and settle. While I waited, I used this time to modify the men’s helmets and the dogs’ headgear. The changes were cosmetic for I wanted them to have the appearance of fierce beasts or perhaps demons. The berserkers were to be weapons of fear and terror even more than that of death and destruction of which they would inflict much. I also had the armor fortified to give greater protection to the vital areas. This increased the weight some, but weight was now not a major concern.
We had been lucky in that our enemy had not attacked us for some time. Richard continued to observe their mobilizations from the air. It looked as though they were regrouping for a mass assault on our position. It seemed they were beginning to tire of us and that they would attack soon, perhaps in a day maybe two.
That evening at dusk, we built a great fire and removed the barricade from the entrance of the fortification. Now only a heavy bolted door separated us from our foe. Forty nine men and twenty one dogs composed the Berserkergang. The men danced and screamed as they moved around the fire. They engaged the dogs in play. Near the peak of their frenzy, I called for a short lull. I brought out a large bowl that contained the berserker potion. I then extracted a drop of blood from each man and then a drop from each dog and added it to the bowl. After swirling it all together, I then added some of the ghostly water that Richard had provided me. The men drank first and then the dogs. All got an equal share. Their armor was then placed upon them, and the revelry resumed.
I had the rest of the men and dogs hide as out of sight as possible. Archers were placed on the wall armed with poison tipped arrows in case things went awry. I manned the heavy door and watched for signs that the potion was taking effect. The men and dogs were becoming more aroused and aggressive, and their strength was increasing. Older men were pushing around four hundred pound dogs of war as if they were mere pups. Then it happened. Eric released a scream the likes I had never heard nor do I ever wish to hear again. It was more like a battle roar, and it struck fear into the hearts of all who heard it. It was time. I swung the door open, and they rushed out into the dark. I closed the door behind them and secured the bolt, and then called for the men to reestablish the barricade.
There were no sounds of battle only an eerie quiet. I saw Richard. He was in a state of deep meditation. He was attempting to use his connection to guide them towards the enemy and away from any innocents. Then the silence was broken by the screams of terror and agony. All night we could hear the sounds of battle and death. Few could sleep. Richard nodded off once, but awoke in terror. He was now afraid of his dreams. He told me that I was wrong. The berserkers do feel pain; they just do not care.
By the first light of dawn, we were able to see what we had unleashed. Many of our men were still standing as were most of the dogs. The dead of our enemy littered the battlefield. The berserkers had killed hundreds and injured hundreds more. They seemed unstoppable. Eric and Aries had teamed together and were an engine of death and destruction. They killed everything in their path, men, horses, it mattered not. Eric had always been an impressive warrior, but now he was over five times stronger than he had ever been with the rage of a madman. Men and dogs fought on with arrows and blades protruding from them. Even those with severed limbs continued to battle and kill. It was as if demons from hell had been raised up to fight for us. Many enemy soldiers fled for much of their leadership was now dead or in chaos. The soldiers with courage continued to fight. They still had overwhelming numbers on their side.
I surveyed the battlefield, and I saw her. Isis was true to her breed. She had two swords and several arrows protruding from her, yet she seemed unaffected. My pet and companion had become this fearsome beast afraid of nothing and possessing only one desire: Kill! Kill everything! It was almost impossible to fatally injure these armored dogs. The only effective technique was to thrust a spear or long sword into the mouth and pierce the spine.
Our men on the wall cheered as they saw the older men fighting like the demigods of myth and legend. Some were so overwhelmed with the battle lust that they rappelled down the wall to join the fight. We rushed to quell this surge of exuberance to prevent more men from breaking ranks. This was a battle that we could not win, and we needed to preserve as many men as possible for our defense. The best that could come of this would be to destroy the enemy’s will to fight. The more we watched; the more likely we thought that possible. Richard’s bird was also influenced by the connection to the berserkers. It was on the battlefield tearing flesh from the helpless wounded. It was still a vulture and remained true to its nature.
By midday the enemy had retreated behind barricades and fortifications. This slowed the rate of killing. Behind their defenses our foe would cast arrows and spears. Occasionally they would get lucky and strike a dog through the mouth, but for the most part their efforts were ineffective. Some of the berserkers were frustrated by the barricades and turned their fury on the wounded. Others still had some semblance of rational thought. Smaller men would run at the larger where they would step into their hands assisting their leap over the obstructions. Some men teamed with dogs and together using ropes scavenged from the field; they pulled apart the barricades. It was frightening to think that they could still use their minds to solve problems that prevented them from letting loose their rage and continuing to kill. Soon darkness fell, and we could no longer see their battling.
When the sun rose, we were witnessed to more death. As the day continued many of our men and some of our dogs started to fall from exhaustion and die. There were now more dogs left than men, but they too were beginning to waver. Isis had fallen, but Aries was still with Eric. All continued to fight with all that they had. Surrounded they stood back to back, killing all who approached. Eventually only Eric and Aries stood. Eric finally succumbed and collapsed. Aries stood over him and would let none come near until he too fell. He lay his huge head upon Eric’s chest, then he passed.
To this day I still miss Eric. He was the most honest man I had ever known. Always true to his nature. As Jesus said about Nathanael in the Gospel of John: “There is nothing false in him.” He was a true friend and a magnificent warrior. The world of men produce so few of his like.
It took days for the enemy to regroup. We had struck fear into them and had killed many of their commanders. It was during this time that we saw them; a small fleet of boats heading towards us. We wondered if William was sending us reinforcements. We displayed our flags and banners to them. Richard sent his bird to investigate. As the vulture approached them, there was no denying who was in the lead boat. Bright red hair flowing in the wind could only belong to one person. Ingrid and the other formidable women were coming to our aid. In the boat with her were Michael and John. John did not desert; he went to get help. Only he would have considered recruiting the formidable women. In addition to the women were boys of fourteen to sixteen, all with bows and full quivers, and some of the older warriors who were left behind. In the bow of Ingrid’s craft appearing as if carved there to engender fear was the mighty Goliath.
It was odd. They were able to land and join us totally unopposed. We found out later that William had taken Winchester and that most of the nobles had sent word to their forces to withdraw.
Richard was glad to have them, especially Michael for he had the most battle experience. We were also grateful to have more archers to man the wall. Most of the boys were competent bowmen, but there was one that excelled beyond all the others. He was the best I had ever seen. He was both quick and extremely accurate. His name was Roger, and he was James’s only son. James did not support this war, and he did not want his son to be involved. The sixteen year old Roger had defied his father to come join us. Roger was in love with a young formidable woman named Kelda. She was two years his senior and did not return his affections. When she decided to come on this adventure with the other women, Roger’s heart gave him no choice but to follow her.
While James did not approve this war, he still sent us a resupply of arrows of which we were in desperate need. We were still friends, and he wished us to survive. I was both delighted and saddened to have Roger here with us. We were in great need of his skill as an archer, but I was reluctant to put him in harm’s way. I had known Roger all of his life and considered him to be as family. James had been blessed with three daughters but only one son. To lose his son in a war that he did not believe was right, would be devastating.
Roger was still using the bow that I had given him. It would likely last him all of his days. He had accomplished his desire to combine horsemanship with archery and could hit a hare at full gallop from over thirty yards away. His bow was special. It had an energy about it; possibly an imprint from the master who first owned it. I had felt this when I had used it. Roger and his bow were now one. I believed that he may have gained prowess from the essence of the master bowman for it had been a very long time since I had ever seen him miss at what he was aiming, if he even aimed at all. I had taught him to focus on the target and not the arrow. The arrow will go to where your attention is focused I told him, and I think that he took that to heart.


Chapter 20


Two days after the arrival of the formidable women, we observed the departure of most of the nobles’ soldiers. We joyously believed that this war was over for us. There was a contingent of soldiers that remained. Their number was roughly our own. We wondered why they had not disbanded as well. In the days that followed more ships and boats came, bringing more men. They all flew the banner of Cedric where before other noble houses were also represented. It seemed that all the other noblemen had submitted to William and withdrawn and that Cedric alone stood against us. He was taking a risk that the other noblemen were not willing to take. The question was why?
Cedric’s eldest son Wulfric had been killed by the berserkers. Now Cedric and his other son Eldred sought only vengeance. They were massing for one final assault, and they would leave none alive. Richard came to acquire this information through his bird overhearing the chatter among the soldiers. Cedric’s army now outnumbered us by nearly three to one. We would not be able to hold if they attacked us with the bulk of their force, and William was unlikely to send aid for he was occupied consolidating the south of England.
We were trapped. All of our crafts had been seized or destroyed, even the ones that were brought by the formidable women had been taken. We would fight to the last warrior. We had no choice for surrender would only result in execution or death by torture. Cedric was thirsty for blood, and he could leave no witnesses to report to William what he had done. I told Richard that there was enough berserker potion left to turn another fifty, maybe sixty men. Richard had experienced what happens to the men who consumed it, and he was not willing to subject anyone else to that fate. We would use it only as a last resort. I went to consult with Michael. He had the most military experience, and I hoped he had a strategy that would increase our chances for survival. He gave me his assessment of our situation, and he was not hopeful.
“If these men were conscripts or part-time soldiers, we might kill or disable them at three to one, but these are seasoned professionals. We have but two options: defend our position or take the fight to them. Both are untenable.” He said.
“We have the dogs. Does not that give us a greater advantage?” I said.
“It helps some, but it is likely that these men have experience with confronting dogs in combat. Not the ones of your quality but still large and fearsome. The amount of fear and chaos created by them would be much greater if these men were not seasoned. They are now under one leader, not many as before. They will be more organized and function with greater cohesion.”
I was in need of better answers. Then I saw it. Robert’s pendant around Ingrid’s neck. “Did Robert give this to you?” I asked Ingrid as I pointed to the pendant.
“Yes, he said that I would bring me luck.” She said.
“It will do that. Robert has sent a bodyguard with you. He wishes to protect you.” I said.
“A bodyguard, who?” She asked.
“Goliath! This pendant has a unique scent to it. We can barely smell it, but to a dog it is a beacon. Goliath will expend his last breath defending the one who wears it.”
“My God, I had no idea. Now it makes perfect sense why he insisted that Goliath come with us.” She said.
“It gives me an idea. One that may yet save our lives.”
I left them and went to find Richard and tell him of my plan. I found him in deep contemplation. He too was seeking answers. I told him of my idea to give what was left of the berserker potion to all the remaining dogs of war and beset them upon Cedric and his men. “We would dose them as before, and then I would lead them to just outside the wall and wait for them to change. Then I would order the attack. I had not considered this before because our dogs are now without a pack leader and without one or men to lead them, I did not believe that they would function as pack and focus strictly on the enemy. Also it was much easier to know when the men changed and were ready to be sent forth. Reading the dogs and getting the timing right is a much harder proposition. Having Goliath with us changes everything.” I asserted.
“Isn’t being out there with them when they change extremely risky?” Richard asked with concern.
“Yes, but I have discovered an advantage that will make it less so. We have Goliath. He is the dogs’ pack leader. He will function as Eric and Aries did in the previous attack. He will lead them as a unit and see the enemy as his rival. Even when he changes, I do not believe that he will attack me or at least not until he tastes blood.”
“What makes you so sure that he won’t tear you to pieces the moment his rage starts? Remember I have experienced this rage in my dreams and control is not likely.”
“Ingrid wears Robert’s pendant. It possesses a scent to which Goliath responds. He will protect the wearer with all that he has.”
“Can you count on that when he is in the berserker rage?” Questioned Richard.
“Because it is a scent, the conditioning is very strong. Early in the rage, before he has killed or tasted blood, I should be safe. He will also protect me from the others in case they turn before he does.”
“What will this give us? If Cedric survives, he will not give up. He will just wait and replace the men he loses.”
“Pray that Cedric does not survive. If he does, then we will need to take fight to him and see that he does not. After the dogs have killed many and created chaos, that is when we will attack and focus our assault on killing Cedric and Eldred. Without their leaders and the likelihood of getting paid, his men will likely withdraw. Professionals have an aversion to risking their lives for free.”
“The odds do not favor this plan of yours.” Said Richard.
“It is the only one that I can presently conceive that has any chance for us to live through this.”
“I too see few options. Let us take the fight to Cedric. We will make him pay dearly for any victory.”
“Spoken like your father’s son.”
We made the preparations for our offensive. We had no way to know how many of Cedric’s men would survive the onslaught. We hoped that the dogs would kill many and most importantly, create sufficient chaos to enhance our odds of slaying Cedric and Eldred. If we failed to kill them, our efforts will have been in vain.
I went to work brewing potions: one for the dogs and one for us. We would consume the potion I used to defeat Michael. If we did not win quickly, we would not win at all. It would matter little if we latter fell into a state of helpless fatigue. We needed to come with all we had or at least most. We would leave the boys on the wall with some of the formidable women and older men to lead them. Even if we were to succeed, we may still need to cover our retreat and let our rivals come to terms with the death of their leaders.
It was dawn of the next day, and we could see our enemy preparing for battle. I administered the berserker potion to the armored war dogs as I had done before, and I gave Goliath a double dose. I led the dogs to just outside the wall and there we waited. I was hoping that the mere sight of these heavily armored war dogs would strike fear in Cedric’s men. I saw no sign that it did. We were sending a few dozen raging beasts against nearly a thousand men, may God help us.
God had nothing to do with this. Changing dogs of war into demons from hell was strictly the work of man. This was my doing, and my soul would bear the mark. As I waited, I could sense the change coming upon the dogs. They were getting restless and the hair over their spines was starting to raise. Some were baring their teeth at me. I could show no sign of fear. I was in charge. I was the alpha male, showing weakness would diminish my status and could lead to my death. Goliath was still under my control for I wore the pendant. He would not allow the others to harm me. When all the hairs on Goliath’s back were on edge and his ears pointed towards his tail, I knew it was time. “Goliath kill!” I shouted as I pointed to the enemy.
He bolted and the rest of the pack followed. I made my way back behind the wall and then climbed up to view what I had unleashed. Cedric’s men formed a line. The front knelt behind their shields and readied their spears and pikes. They thought that they were dealing with mere beasts. They had no idea of what was to befall them. Men who had survived the first berserker attack warned them, but they were not believed. The dogs crash through and leaped over their line of defense. Chaos reigned. I sought out Richard. He had his bird in the air overseeing the carnage.
“See if you can guide the dogs to Cedric and Eldred. If we are very lucky, we may not need see combat.” I advised.
“I will try. I have very little influence over these beasts. They are driven only by rage and the desire to kill.”
“Concentrate on finding Cedric. He will seek the high ground from which to command.”
“There he is. He is mounted upon a large horse located on the highest ground available. The dogs are over a hundred yards from him.” Said Richard.
“Focus on Goliath. Guide him towards the horse.”
Richard was having trouble exerting any influence over the dogs. The smell of blood was in the air, and they were in a killing frenzy. From his aerial advantage, he could see that the dogs were effective at creating fear and disorder among Cedric’s soldiers. They had also killed and injured many. Luck then favored us as some of the men broke ranks and fled towards Cedric’s position. The dogs gave chase. Cedric erred and attacked one of the beasts. His blade slid along the armored headpiece cutting off one of its ears. It responded by slamming into his horse, taking it to the ground, and then the dog tore out its throat.
Cedric hit the ground hard and was pinned under his horse. He lie there unconscious and was ignored by the dogs. Richard witnessed this from the air, and he knew that Cedric was still alive. If a vulture knows anything, it knows when something is dead. Richard then made a bold decision. He had his vulture attack Cedric. It landed near Cedric’s head and began pecking at his eyes and tearing at his throat with its talons. Cedric’s helmet and colif of chainmail protected him. Richard worked at getting the beak through the eye slits of the helmet and tried to slide talons through gaps in the mail and strike something vital. The tip of the beak tore through Cedric’s eyelid and ripped open his left eye. Talons were finding their way past the mail and into flesh. Richard was able to make the vulture vomit into the injured eye in hopes of creating sepsis; then pain, darkness and death.
“My bird is dead. I feel that I am going to be sick.” Cried Richard.
“It will pass. Breathe deeply and think of your wife and children.” I told him.
“Does it always feel this awful?”
“Every time.”
“How did you bring yourself to do this more than once?”
“It was necessary; lives were at stake. The connection is not to be sought as a whim. One cannot be told; they must experience it for themselves.”
“I will never do it again.”
“That is your choice. Now tell me of Cedric.”
“He is unconscious and pinned beneath his horse. His ribs are broken. I could smell the lung blood in his mouth. We ripped open his left eye and tore some flesh wounds into his neck. He yet lives.”
“If the horse is upon his leg for too long, it will stop the flow of blood and the leg will die. This will poison the body.” I said.
“Vulture wounds are filthy and are likely to fester.” Said Richard.
“My history with Cedric tells me that he employs men of wisdom and knowledge. His healers will be competent.”
“We still need eyes in the sky. Could you connect to another bird?” Asked Richard.
“I have been fasting and feel strong enough. We would need to use your potion and that would connect us for the rest of our days. We can decide this later. Now you must rest. You will need all of your strength if you are to lead us in battle.”
Night fell and the dogs continued to kill and raise havoc. In the dark, I scaled down the wall using a thick rope. Stealthily, I made my way towards the battlefield. It did not take me long to find that for which I searched. On the ground was a young man slowly dying from dog bites and crushing injuries. He was in great pain and begged me to swiftly end his life. I gave him some pain potion and then stripped him of his weapons and armor. Quietly I dragged him to a more secluded place and laid him down with his head on higher ground than his feet. I removed his boot and with a sharp blade, I opened the artery at the pulse point just above the foot. I looked into his eyes as the life drained out of him, then I captured his remnant. He wore a light chain with a small cross around his neck. I took it. Personal objects are useful in taming the essence, and I did not have time to spare. I returned to my rope where I had posted Roger as a guard. He was still there when I returned, and with his assistance I ascended the wall.
In the light of morning, we looked out over the battlefield. Most of our dogs had survived the night. Even though they were enraged murderous beasts, they seemed to have developed some defensive strategies. It was as if they had learned from the first pack of berserkers. I surmised that their connection to Richard was the reason for this behavior. Unbeknownst to him, he was providing them knowledge and experience. Now they were even more efficient at killing than the first group. The land was littered with the dead and wounded of our enemy. They had killed hundreds and showed no signs of relenting.
The dead had attracted flocks of ravens to the battlefield. As they flew over us, I instructed Roger to attempt to wound one with an arrow. His first shot was perfect, piercing the bird through the wing. It then spiraled to the ground where I retrieved it. Roger was unimpressed by his feat as if I had asked for something of minimal effort. There was definitely some magic in that boy’s skill. I thanked him and took the bird to the most secluded place that I could find. There I healed it and made the connection.
The raven was intelligent, and it did not take long for us to establish a working relationship. We surveyed the battlefield. Eldred was in command, but Cedric was nowhere to be seen. We flew deeper into the enemy encampment. Then I saw him, my adversary from the past. The man of knowledge and wisdom whom Cedric had sent to evaluate Garrick’s strength and resolve. He was exiting a large tent and sought out a younger man who was obviously not a soldier. We flew in closer and perched near enough to overhear them. The young man was his apprentice, and they were discussing Cedric’s condition. Cedric’s leg was broken, and he had several cracked ribs. He was now blind in the left eye and had suffered some minor flesh wounds to his upper neck, just as Richard had described. They believed that Cedric’s chances for recovery were good. This news did not favor us.
I made my report to Richard. He was happy that I had connected to another bird, but was angry over the risks I took to do so. We now had enough information to formulate a battle plan. We knew the location of the tent where Cedric convalesced, and we would be able to locate Eldred from the air. We counseled with Michael and Ingrid. They would take a force to engage Eldred while Richard would command the assault against Cedric.
As the day lingered, the dogs continued to kill and maim. Flying over the battlefield, we could see Eldred commanding his men. He had developed his own strategies to deal with the dogs. Instead of attempting to kill them, he was content on slowing their advance and keeping his casualties to a minimum. He knew that their assault was not sustainable and planned to wait until they were exhausted. Again like his father, he had a thinking man’s approach to battle. I could sense my adversary’s influence in his strategy. This plan had some limited success, but the raw power and ferocity of these animals combined with their armor made them near impossible to stop. Night was coming soon, and darkness favored the dogs.
All we could do was wait. The next day the dogs would burnout and die. This is when we would attack, before the enemy had a chance to recover and regroup. Except for a few guards, all went to sleep early that night. We arose at first light and surveyed the battlefield. I watched for any signs that the dogs were slowing. When I observed one dog begin to waver slightly, it was time to administer the enhancement potion to our force. I did not have enough for all. I gave it to our best warriors, the formidable women who would not be deterred from open combat, and to our leaders. John had volunteered to fight alongside Michael and Ingrid; I gave him a double dose. I also gave a strong dose to Garrick who wanted to join us and fight by the side of his son. Garrick also wanted to settle his score with Cedric. Michael questioned the use of a drug before battle.
“Is this stuff actually useful?” He asked.
“I took it before my battle with you.” I boasted.
“I had always wondered how you were so strong and quick. Are there any evil effects of which we need be concerned?”
“Extreme fatigue in two days hence.” I said.
“If we are not successful, it will not matter our condition two days from now.” He declared.
He drank and the others followed his lead. We then prepared our force for battle. All were told the strategy and their part. I took Michael and Ingrid to the wall and showed them Eldred’s position. They were amazed at the quickness with which I spotted him for they did not know about our eyes in the sky. We continued to wait. Much of war is consumed in waiting, and it has its own toll that it takes on the mind. I saw one dog collapse. It was time to gather on the other side of the wall. We formed three lines parallel to the wall and again we waited. After five more dogs had fallen, I had Richard give the order to march forth. We continued to keep our three line formation as we approached our foe.
We were now only fifty yards from our first contact when Richard shouted the command. Our three lines then transformed into two wedges: One to attack Eldred and the other to kill Cedric. The wedge formation was a favorite of the Romans. They used it to great efficiency in times when they faced superior numbers, and when they desired to penetrate deep into an enemy’s territory. This made it very applicable to our current situation. Our best warriors, who were now enhanced formed the tip of the wedge. We made sure to have a few bowmen in the middle in case we had need of them.
We easily penetrated their defenses. The dogs had done their job well in creating chaos and confusion. This greatly increased the efficiency of our wedges allowing us to make great forward progress. I was now able to see Cedric’s tent clearly from my position on the ground. My old adversary had just stepped out. He saw our wedge formations and knew exactly what we were attempting. He immediately mounted a horse and began to ride towards Eldred. He was either going to advise him on countermeasures or tell him to retreat and escape or maybe both. I could not let him succeed. I slipped into the interior of the wedge and took a bow and quiver from a bowman. It was now a long shot at a moving target for he had closed half the distance to Eldred’s position. I let my arrow fly. It hit his horse in the flank, causing the animal to rear up and throw my adversary to the ground. I could no longer see him.
Occasionally we would encounter one of our dogs. In their state of rage, they would attack us. We dispatched them easily for all were told the secret word. The trainers of the dogs had conditioned them to yawn when they heard it. This enabled the trainers to examine the animal’s teeth and clean them. When we shouted the word, the dogs would yawn and with a quick thrust of a sword or spear into their gaping mauls, we could take them down quickly.
We were making rapid progress and had arrived at the barricades that protected the inner encampment. I had seen them from the air, and we expected to encounter them. Our wedge collided with the barricade. Now we had a group of men working to tear a way through. They were protected on either side by a line of warriors. Richard and I were at the front trying to create a way inside, when the protective line to our right gave way. We heard a fearsome sound. It was Goliath. He had attacked us, and he did not respond to the word. He was Robert’s dog, and Robert had his own word. Now Richard and I faced the ultimate beast of war. We had no chance. We stood motionless and avoided his gaze. He did not attack. He looked at the small opening that we had made in the barricade, then Richard looked at it.
Goliath forced himself into the opening making it larger. Richard and I rushed to aid him. Soon he was on the other side. Goliath was loose in the inner encampment. He did not kill Richard because he was joined with him, and he did not kill me because I wore Robert’s pendant. He wanted into the encampment because Richard wanted into the encampment, or at least this is what I believed.
Two men at a time could come through the opening. Our wedge poured into the encampment as if water in a funnel. It helped that Goliath was on the other side raising havoc, but we were unable to reestablish our wedge there and our progress stalled.
Michael’s forces were getting close to Eldred, but their wedge too had collapsed when they encountered cavalry. Their archers had some success against the horsemen though it was not enough and the chaos of battle ensued. Ingrid’s hair was in a pony tail that exited her helmet through a small hole. It was a flag of red that all could see. Roger from his position on the wall could see it. He kept his eye on Ingrid’s location for he knew that Kelda would be fighting at her side. As he watched, he saw more soldiers and horsemen descend upon them. They were fighting well, but the numbers against them were overwhelming. His heart sank for he could not bear to lose Kelda.
Love makes the young do brave and foolish things. Roger saw a stray warhorse not a hundred yards from the wall. Using my rope, he rappelled down. Within a minute, he was on horseback riding at full gallop towards that flag of red hair. As he approached within forty yards of their position, he began to let loose his arrows, dropping a man off his horse with every shot. He was a man possessed, and he could not miss.
Eldred saw this young horse archer turning the tide of battle. He drew his sword and charged towards him. Kelda called to Roger and pointed at Eldred. Roger turn his steed and raced toward him at full gallop. His first arrow was on target, but was deflected by Eldred. He sent the next one low just over the right thigh where it struck Eldred just above his hip. It pierced the armor, but it only penetrated an inch or so into the flesh. They were closing on each other rapidly, and then Eldred erred. He raised his sword arm slightly too high exposing the less armored underside. Roger’s arrow hit dead center lodging into the bone. Eldred dropped his sword, but now the collision was inevitable. Roger positioned himself low grasping his horse’s main.
The large armored warhorses smashed into one another with great force. The crash of metal and flesh could be heard throughout the battlefield. Both horses fell to the ground taking their riders with them. The beasts righted themselves and limped away with no riders. Roger was shaken up but was not seriously hurt. He recovered quickly and saw that Eldred too was getting to his feet. Roger had only a vest of mail and an armored glove for the hand that held his bow for protection. He drew the dagger that his father had made for him and prepared for combat. Roger had some training, but he had never before seen battle or been in a life or death struggle.
Eldred drew a short sword with his left hand for his right arm was broken and bleeding. He also had a broken arrow shaft protruding from his lower abdomen. He was well armored and experienced, and if not for his wounds, he could have dispatched the young Roger with little effort. Eldred advanced on Roger and attacked. Roger being young and lightly armored was quick and able to evade. Roger struck Eldred’s broken arm with his armored fist causing the stronger Eldred to hesitate with pain. Roger moved inside, and they entangled. Neither could get leverage to drive a point through the chainmail. Roger freed his left hand and with the protection of its armored glove, he struck the broken arrow shaft driving it deep into Eldred’s bowels. There was but an inch left protruding, and then Roger struck it again. This time hitting it to the side so that the arrow point would transverse the innards. Eldred collapsed to the ground, his body twitching.
Roger sheathed his blade and retrieved Eldred’s short sword. He recovered his bow and scavenged a helmet and shield from among the dead. He then looked for Ingrid. Seeing a flash of her hair, he worked his way towards his beloved Kelda. Soon he was in the midst of the battle, fighting side by side with Michael and Ingrid. Michael looked at him and shouted. “The man you rammed with your horse; is he dead?”
“I do not know for sure. I drove an arrow shaft deep into his bowels, and he fell.” Yelled Roger.
“That is good enough.” And Michael gave the signal to retreat. He would suffer no more casualties to confirm the death of a man who most likely was mortally wounded.
We were still stalled, making no further progress at getting to Cedric. We needed a new course of action. I glanced at the arrows in my quiver. There was one torch arrow for signaling. I drew it from the quiver and searched for a source of flame. I found an overturned coal pot and ignited my arrow from a smoldering coal that was on the ground. I let loose the arrow and struck the tent. It caught fire, but we needed it to burn faster. I instructed our bowmen to set the tent ablaze. Many arrows hit the mark and the tent caught fire rapidly. Even after we had exhausted our signal arrows, we continued to fire in order to harass anyone coming to Cedric’s aid. When the tent was well ablaze, Richard signaled retreat. Our forces were battling on both sides of the barricade, and we successfully rejoined our men on the other side. No enemy followed us into the opening in the barrier. We fought our way back to our wall. As they saw that we were retreating, the enemy broke off their pursuit for there was no one commanding them. Michael’s force was already at the wall. They too had experienced a similar lack of pursuit once they had cleared the main battlefield.
Safely behind our wall, we tended to our wounded and accounted for our losses. My raven flew over the encampment. There was no sign of Eldred; Cedric still lived and was lying on a cot in the open. His face had been burned and the foot that belonged to the broken leg was beginning to turn black. The apprentice was also burned. Apparently, he was in the tent tending to Cedric when it caught fire. He most likely was the reason that Cedric was still alive. My old adversary was tending to both of them. I overheard him say that he was going to need to remove the leg and that he was not willing to do that in the field.
The following day, Eldred’s body was found among the dead. From the air I could see Cedric and my adversary in a boat heading for home. Many of Cedric’s men had begun to desert. With Eldred dead and Cedric’s survival in question, the professionals believed that there was likely to be no one to pay them, so they left to seek more lucrative employment. As time passed, more and more left. Some stayed and looted from the locals, but then they left as well. Some of the more devout stayed to bury and burn the dead. They returned to us our dead and wounded.
Soon extreme fatigue was hitting those who had consumed the enhancement potion. Those who had not taken the potion were still able bodied and tended to us who had. Roger tended to Kelda. He impressed her with his story of how he had battled Eldred to the death and thereby saved us all. When she had fully recovered, he proposed marriage to her. She accepted, but told him that it would be a long betrothal for she would wed no man who did not yet possess a beard. The recovery period was hard on all who had drunk of the potion. It even seemed worse than I remembered. In three days most were able bodied again.
We continued to stay on the island for we did not have enough crafts with which to travel home. Richard was feeling strong again and decided that it was time to report to William. He, I and two warriors of his choosing would travel to Winchester and seek an audience with William. We left Michael in charge. We secured a small boat and rowed our way across the strait. In Wessex, we encountered no resistance or lawlessness. Richard son of Garrick was welcomed. The people still knew of Garrick and his reputation for being fair and just. Along the way Richard could see the effects of war on the common people. William’s forces had not been kind to them. They had been abused, even killed, and their stores plundered. Richard empathized with their suffering and lamented the harsh realities of war.
We arrived at Winchester, and luck was with us. William was still here planning his assault on London. Richard gave his report. He told of our success and that Cedric continued to aggress against us after the other nobles had withdrawn even though we flew William’s banners. This angered William, and he vowed to strip Cedric of his title and lands and give them to Richard. He had a policy of forgiving the noblemen for he wanted their support, but here Cedric had gone too far and needed to be made an example. He also promised to send ships to recover our men and return them home. William was pleased with Richard and wanted him to stay and help lead his men on the campaign to secure London. Richard agreed.


Epilogue


Richard went off to fight with William. I had had enough of war and did not go with him. I went to visit my old village where James and I had grown up. There I paid my respects to Anne’s grave and contemplated what my life might have been if she had lived, and we had married. I guess all wonder about the road not taken.
Physically the village had not changed that much from the time when I had resided there. The wall, trench, and other defensive structures were gone, but otherwise it was much the same as it was before I had left. There were few people here that I still recognized and fewer still who would recognize me. It was strange to hear English spoken by everyone.
I spent a couple of days in the village and then ventured to my old home. It was abandoned and there were signs of rot and mold. There were also cobwebs, lots of cobwebs. Being there brought back many memories. Here I would make my home until Richard returned, and I began to work at making the place livable. When the house where I had taken my first steps into a higher reality was now suitable again, I left for Normandy to say goodbye to my friends and collect my possessions. Upon my return, I rediscovered Eli’s special hiding place; here I would keep my esoteric texts and sacred objects. Wessex was now to be my home for a long time, and I planned to devote much of my energy to the study of ghostly water for I felt that I had barely scratched the surface in exploiting its capabilities.
Christmas day 1066 AD, William was crowned King of England. William was good on his word and gave Richard Cedric’s title and lands. When he returned to Wessex, Richard took charge of the lands and had Cedric imprisoned. Cedric was just a shell of his former self. His face was scarred and his left eye was missing. He had lost his leg at the knee. Both his sons had been killed, and his daughters had married noblemen who wanted nothing to do with him for fear of incurring William’s disfavor. His wife had left him, taking her jewelry with her. Richard held him but a year, then let him go. Cedric’s desire for vengeance had cost him everything. He was now an object of pity.
Richard sent for his family and settled into the life of a nobleman. Adel reunited with Garrick, and they lived happily all their days with their son and their grandchildren. I too stayed in Wessex and served Richard. James, Mary and their children all returned as well, except for Roger who stayed in Normandy with Kelda. They married and had many children as did Michael and Ingrid. Robert never married. He became a Bishop, a very powerful and influential man. Sadly the giant dogs of war are no more. Successive seasons of poor harvests sealed their fate for they were too costly to feed. Smaller relatives survive to this day, but their numbers are few.
Richard was beloved by his people the way his father had been for his rule was fair and just. He lived to an old age, outliving both his wife and son. Mark had wed, but had fathered no children. He died fighting in the first crusade, but that is another story. With no male heirs, Richard’s lands were divided among the other noble houses into which his daughters had married. I stayed with him until the end and then left to wander; a man of gray hair with a staff and a dagger hidden in his belt.

