Gifted Hunter
An Ilvenworld Novella
by
Nicholas A. Rose
Copyright 2012 Nicholas A. Rose
Smashwords Edition

Cover: Joleene Naylor
Editor: Stephanie Dagg

Other Novellas:
Gifted Apprentice
Gifted Avenger

The Markan Empire Trilogy:
Markan Throne
Markan Empire
Markan Sword
***
Table of Contents
Chapter 1 - Journey To The Mainland
Chapter 2 - Calcan
Chapter 3 - Marka
Chapter 4 - The Testing
Chapter 5 - Sandev
Chapter 6 - Settling In
Chapter 7 - The Commission
Chapter 8 - The Hunt Begins
Chapter 9 - New Clues
Chapter 10 - Chasing
Chapter 11 - Istwan
Chapter 12 - Taken
Chapter 13 - Reluctant Captive
Chapter 14 - Returning To Marka
Chapter 15 - A Question Of Justice
Chapter 16 - Meeting With Olista
Chapter 17 - Revelations
Chapter 18 - Threads
***
Chapter 1 - Journey To The Mainland
The ferry crossed the mila or so of choppy greenish-brown water that lay between Taura's quayside and the narrow channel leading out to sea with surprising speed. Sallis ti Ath found a quiet corner of the deck to stand and watch, well clear of the oarsmen.
He had spent two days enjoying and ogling the sights of Re Taura's capital city, waiting for the ferry to the mainland. Two days to Calcan, unless they ran into any storms, and then he must travel overland to Marka, the city everybody called the Jewel of the World.
The tide had begun to ebb and the expanse of water ahead gave the deceptive appearance of great width. But the channel was narrow here, marked by brightly-colored floating bladders. Rocky flats protruded far into the gap and lurked beneath the water at high tide, waiting to wreck the foolhardy or ignorant. A castle atop its own small island loomed far above, its turrets dominating the passage leading to the harbor.
Bells rang out from within the castle, urgent sounds of emergency. There must have been something in his stance, because another passenger smiled at him.
"They test those bells every week," said the man. "The Mametain's son is an inventive sort and likes to experiment. Nobody knows exactly what he's up to, but they say he had the bells installed, just in case."
"In case of what?" asked Sallis.
"Precisely." The man smiled again. "That's what we'd like to know. But at least Castle Beren's far enough from Taura for us to be safe."
"I see." The wind freshened as the ferry left the shelter of the land and Sallis pulled his brown cloak tight around his shoulders. Those shoulders had broadened as Sallis the boy had matured into Sallis the man. He had grown tall too, and not just for his age.
"Going to Calcan, or headed further abroad?" asked the stranger.
Sallis had been warned to guard his tongue. "For now, Calcan."
"Me too. My family's in Calcan, so I ought to spend some time there. I'm from Re Taura though. Sounds like you're from one of the outer islands."
Sallis blinked and watched the sudden bustle as sailors readied the sails. As the ferry cleared the channel, the crew hauled on ropes and the sails began to drive the ship forward. The wind freshened further and oars were no longer needed. As cream-colored canvas filled the gaps between the masts, the ferry heeled and gathered speed.
"From Re Annan," Sallis eventually replied.
"Not enough work? Or just want to see the world?"
Sallis smiled. "Both," he replied.
***
Sallis had spent most of the past four years working on his father's farm. Elvallon still visited and remained friendly, but a definite edge had crept into their relationship. It took Sallis a couple of years to realize that his old tutor was wary. His own return visits to Leynx, where Elvallon lived, grew less and less frequent.
That was a shame, because Lyssan always gave him a ready welcome, but it was rare for her to accompany Elvallon when he traveled north.
Sallis used his talents whenever possible, catching those who liked to steal other people's sheep, or those prisoners the Guard managed to lose. He had never worked out if the Guard suffered from incompetence or carelessness.
He had certainly amassed gold of his own, but his father Hayland always said the best work would be found on the mainland. And the most rewarding.
"But who will help with everything?" Sallis had demanded. Now his sisters were married, his parents would have the farm to themselves when he left.
"We'll cope as we always have," replied Hayland. "Neighbors and friends. And we can still call on Barten and his family when needed."
Sallis thinned his lips. "When I can afford it, I'll send you sylphs," he promised. "They can help. And if you have male and female sylphs, perhaps that'll be another way to make money."
Hayland waved a dismissive hand. "We'll make the farm smaller," he announced. "Fewer mouths means we need less money."
Sallis smiled. "I'll send you the sylphs," he repeated. "They're probably cheaper on the mainland than here."
"More common, certainly," replied Hayland.
***
The number of sylphs on Re Taura opened Sallis's eyes. He had always imagined sylphs to be the preserve of the wealthy, but seeing so many about their errands he now realized most people here must have them as servants. He had not bothered to learn their cost. Once he'd paid his ferry fare, he had enough spare coin for a horse after he arrived in Calcan. Get established first, buy sylphs for his father's farm later.
Sallis now stared at the sylph hovering beside the steersman. He had no idea exactly what a ship's sylph was for, but she appeared to be a valued member of the crew. She even wore the same: canvas trousers, white shirt and a blue serge jacket with wooden buttons.
Elvallon had left Sallis's education concerning sylphs to Lyssan, the only sylph Sallis knew well. Lyssan claimed to be a proper sylph and never hid her vague contempt for infertiles, shaking her head whenever he referred to one as "she".
"Not she," she always said, shaking her head. "I am a she. They are neuters who cannot breed. What use are they?"
From what Sallis had seen in the past two days, infertiles filled lots of uses, and dashed about their tasks with an efficient air. Most servants he had seen running errands were infertiles, and that included the ship's sylph he now watched.
She stood with feet planted apart, earpoints slanted forward and twitching in excited curiosity, and her silvery eyes glowed with pleasure. More sylphs stood beside their owners, all with wilted earpoints, and all, Sallis suddenly noticed, looking landwards.
"Bring much food with you?" asked Sallis's new friend, looking hopeful.
"No," replied Sallis. "My meals are included in my ferry fare."
"Ah." The other man nodded and looked disappointed at the same time. "Probably sensible."
Sallis thought so too, and his attention returned to the ship's sylph.
There was little difference between her and the others. Skin and hair color the same, earpoints and vertically slit pupils... Shorter than Lyssan and certainly not as developed, but she clearly belonged to the same species.
As Re Taura grew smaller and smaller, and the unbroken horizon ahead widened, Sallis noticed the other sylphs vanish below one by one. An infertile began it, and before long the only one left on the upper deck belonged to the ship.
"Why have they gone?" he wondered aloud.
"That's sylphs for you," said his friend, overhearing. "They don't like being at sea."
Sallis nodded towards the ship's wheel. "Doesn't bother her."
"She's probably used to it."
Pushing the strangeness of sylphs out of his thoughts, Sallis leaned on the rail, stared into the green water and dreamed of Calcan.
***
Chapter 2 - Calcan
Calcan's harbor lay a good five milas from the city. Sallis was surprised a city could stand on the sea, or even develop as a city, and not have its own harbor. Instead, Calcan used the harbors of two satellite towns: one no more than a glorified fishing village, the other a trading port.
Sallis had no spare money - as far as he knew - so he walked the five milas to the city, following a paved road gradually rising uphill. He strapped his sword to his back, so it could not tangle in his legs, and used his quarterstaff as a walking stick.
Calcan stood on a cliff, so only had walls on three sides. The gates leading into the city were impressive enough, flanked by two round towers and easily wide enough for four carts to pass abreast.
The streets bustled with the same industry Sallis had come to expect after his visit to Taura. Twice the size of Taura, Sallis hoped his awe of Calcan did not show too obviously. From what he saw, anything and everything could be bought here, from cloth and clothes, to armor and weapons.
He found three places selling horses and wandered between them to compare prices, until he found one suitable.
The animal watched him approach and tossed his head in greeting. Brown all over, except for a white blaze on his nose, Sallis admired him from a distance. He reached forward with a hand and gently patted the creature, who nuzzled him back.
"Has he got a name?" asked Sallis, as the proprietor joined him.
"Glyder." The proprietor sniffed. "Second hand, six years old, just re-shod."
Sallis let Glyder investigate his hand and took careful note of the animal's teeth as he peeled his lips back, expecting something edible. Finding nothing, Glyder gave Sallis a reproachful look.
"Take a good look, young sir. You'll find this animal is a bargain."
"That depends how much he is," smiled Sallis. Strong legs. Deep chest. Good teeth. Even temperament. No sign of disease.
The proprietor smiled.
"One crown, sir, that is his price."
"For one gold crown, I expect the tack to be included," replied Sallis, "and directions for Marka."
The haggling eventually accounted for most of the time Sallis spent in Calcan. One horse and his tack heavier, but one gold crown and fifteen coppers lighter, Sallis wasted no more time and left the city.
For the first time since leaving Re Annan, Sallis felt blessedly alone.
Everything went well for two days. Nothing drastic went wrong on day three, but Sallis's riding skills had faded somewhat. Glyder proved a delight to ride, but that did not protect Sallis from saddle sores.
Getting up on that third day it felt as though he had been visited by a sadist with stinging nettles. Sallis felt agony just standing upright. Despite that, they must eat. He looked after Glyder first, suspecting his soreness was more the fault of the saddle than the horse.
After that wasted day, Sallis forced himself to ride, though Glyder got his hooves checked for stones rather more regularly than normal, and grooming lasted twice as long for a couple of days.
By the end of the first week, Sallis had almost forgotten about saddle sores. Four days since he turned inland, four days without seeing the sea. Only now did he realize how a continent felt so different from an island. Sea-smell pervaded everything on Re Annan and now, with the smell absent, he missed it.
Pining for that smell could be a form of homesickness, but he looked forward eagerly to the adventures waiting for him.
Sallis wanted to take no chances. He rode with his quarterstaff strapped beside him and his sword hung from the pommel. Calcan controlled lands allegedly safe and stable, but he knew people everywhere were not always friendly towards strangers.
As he rode further west, things began to change.
Seeing borderstones on both sides of the road, Sallis paused to consult his map. Unless he had a really poor sense of direction, Calcan's lands were about to fall behind and everything in front of him belonged to Marka. He had the road to himself, without even a trading caravan in sight.
He wondered if men gave this road another name once he passed the stones. According to his map, Alderra was a huge prefecture, and according to the few people he had spoken to along the way, almost completely independent of Marka, but ruled by a family with no wish to break away completely.
About a mila after the borderstones, the paving ended. Ruts and puddles marked the road's route, with shards of old paving scattered about, and Sallis saw more neglect than care.
No soldiers patrolled here.
People had a more watchful and suspicious air about them. The few caravans he passed had merchant guards, who all looked at him carefully. Aggressive looks outnumbered neutral looks, and there were no friendly faces. Most unlike the way people treated each other on Re Annan.
Farmers took one look at his sword and staff before closing their doors against him. Sallis spent more and more nights sleeping under the stars or in a hedge.
He eventually passed from Alderra, his map informing him that the road hugged the border between Selim and Eman until he reached Outer Marka. Here, Sallis met his first patrol of soldiers since leaving Calcan's lands.
And these were a lot less polite.
The patrol had five men, which included the junior officer in charge. Paving had reappeared now Sallis neared Marka, but the soldiers were dusty from their ride. They surrounded Sallis, forcing him to stop, and eyed his weapons suspiciously.
The men boasted two days' stubble, while Sallis managed some fluff on his chin and upper lip.
"Where you headed, boy?" demanded the rider with a thin line of cloth around the rim of his helmet.
"Marka," replied Sallis. He eyed the cloth, knowing it must denote rank, but not sure which. "Er, Captain."
"Squadman," replied the other man, his dark blue eyes showing no hint of humor.
"Sorry." Sallis took a breath. "I'm going to Marka, Squadman."
"A good ten days yet," said the Squadman. "Not much between there and here. What are you doing for food?"
Sallis blinked. The soldier's words... insinuated, and out here their word outweighed his.
"I forage," he replied.
"Poach and steal, you mean."
Sallis's dark brown eyes hardened.
"No," he replied, "I mean forage. Coming from a farm, I know the difference."
"With that accent, from a farm far away." The Squadman's gaze flickered quickly to Sallis's sword. "Much call for farmers with swords there?"
"It might be needed where I'm going."
"Joining the Guard?"
Sallis shook his head. "I want to be a bounty hunter."
The men laughed. Sallis tried to ignore them, but at his age all such insults were personal. Despite the urge to teach these men a lesson, he gritted his teeth and said nothing.
"What's your name, boy?"
"Sallis ti Ath."
The Squadman shook his head. "From one of the islands then. Never knew things were so bad that way." He leaned forward and lowered his voice. "Some advice for you, Sallis ti Ath. If you can use that sword, join the Guard."
Abruptly, he straightened and raised his voice. "Nothing for us here, lads," he announced. His blue eyes were cold again. "On your way, Sallis ti Ath." He touched a hand to his helmet, then led his men onwards.
Sallis watched them go before deciding to press on. What waited for him in Marka? Perhaps the city might not be such a good idea after all.
Was he doing the right thing?
***
Chapter 3 - Marka
When Sallis crested the pass between the last hills and saw Marka for the first time, spring had turned to summer. Even in the pass, he was grateful for his early start and, coming from a more temperate climate, he dreaded how hot it would be in the city.
In common with every other traveler, it was the pyramid and not the city that caught his attention.
Made from black material glistening in the strengthening sunlight, the pyramid rose up and up, its base covering an area greater than even the city. Still early, wisps of cloud clung to its upper reaches and a ruby light crystal glittered at its apex.
Sallis eventually closed his mouth. How could the hands of men manage to build such things? Most said the pyramid dated from the first, lost civilization, but a few whispered that the Father Himself raised the artifact from the ground, long before men came to the ilvenworld.
Beyond the city, forests hugged the hillsides, bare in places where areas had been cleared for the timber Marka needed. Paler green patches showed where young trees grew, replacing those taken some time before. Like on Re Annan, people did not clear trees without replanting. Such foolishness would quickly lose the forests forever.
Looking down at his destination, Sallis smiled to himself and touched Glyder's flanks with his heels. That pyramid would take some getting used to; at certain times of day its shadow probably engulfed the city built beside it.
Riding slowly towards the gates, he hoped Marka would provide what he wanted. A few people left the city, but most passing through the gates were farmers heading in. Those with carts had ground to a halt, waiting their turn to enter Marka.
One armed man walked along the queue. "Just you and that horse?" he demanded of Sallis.
Sallis nodded in reply.
"Ride down the right side," commanded the armed man. "Enter through the right hand gate, but give way to anybody leaving the city."
Sallis nodded in reply and dropped out of the queue to ride slowly towards the gates, aware that some people watched his every move.
Brown cloak and disheveled appearance aside, he was clearly an outlander. Most people here boasted dark blue eyes, a few blue-gray. Sallis had dark eyes. He avoided speaking with people. They would not appreciate him reaching the city while they waited outside in a line.
He soon realized sylphs outnumbered humans here, too. They walked alongside farmers' carts, or rode in the back. Some carried sunshades to protect their mistresses' skin. Several gave him more than a cursory glance, their eyes widening.
Sallis knew why, though he doubted the sylphs understood what caused their sudden feeling of unease.
All sylphs could sense the Gift, and none enjoyed having it used near them. Of course, Sallis was not using his abilities right now, but a minority could sense even a practitioner's potential and disliked being close to a Gifted human. Sallis suspected the sylphs now staring at him belonged to that minority.
Finally reaching the gate, the short, stocky guard took one look at his sword and waved him to one side.
"Secure your animal and dismount," he said, brown eyes glittering. "Over there, please."
As Sallis tied Glyder's reins to a post, a taller, thinner man left the gatehouse, holding a sheet of paper pinned to a wooden board.
Sallis waited.
The newcomer had the dark blue eyes so common here and medium brown hair. He regarded Sallis with a mixture of curiosity and distaste.
"An outsider," he said.
"Yes," replied Sallis. He jerked his head towards the gate. "So's your companion."
A smile ghosted across the uniformed man's face. "Where are you from?"
"Re Annan."
The answer was noted. "Name?"
"Sallis ti Ath."
The man nodded as he wrote. "That fits your accent."
"Why would I lie?"
The other looked up from the paper and his eyes hardened. "You'd be surprised," he replied, "how many people do lie."
Sallis shrugged.
"Why have you come to Marka?" the man continued, glancing at the sword. "And do you know how to use that?"
"I've come to be a bounty hunter," replied Sallis.
"Not another one," he groaned. His expression was certainly unfriendly now. "Look boy, the City Guard might not have enjoyed much success of late, but we have enough bounty hunters here."
"What do you mean?" Sallis was cautious.
"If I fart in my sleep there are at least half a dozen bounty hunters in earshot. Marka's crawling with 'em and more come in every day. The only consolation is that they have even less success than us."
Sallis narrowed his eyes. "You have a problem that needs sorting?" he asked. "I have references -"
"Nothing we can't sort for ourselves," the uniformed man interrupted. "We're more concerned with justice than bounty, unlike you hunters. Now, do you know how to use that sword?"
"I'm not bad," replied Sallis. He hefted the staff. "But I'm better with this."
"How old are you?"
"Fifteen."
The Guardsman eyed him up and down. "Had you down as older," he grunted. "No matter, fifteen's old enough to join the City Guard."
"I'm here to be a bounty hunter," insisted Sallis.
He was ignored.
"You come back here an hour after noon and we'll put you through your paces."
"I'm not here to become a soldier," protested Sallis. "I'm here to -"
"An hour after noon," insisted the man. "You come here and ask for me or Oston." He nodded towards his fat companion. "That's Oston. I'm Crallin. You can leave your gear and horse here and look around the city till then."
"But I must see to Glyder," protested Sallis. "He's come a long way."
Crallin smiled. "Don't worry, we'll look after your horse. We've got ostlers here as well."
"But -"
"An hour after noon." Crallin turned away.
***
Chapter 4 - The Testing
As commanded - mainly because he wanted Glyder back - Sallis turned up at the gatehouse exactly one hour after noon. Two fresh men stood guard at the gate, but Crallin and Oston, now wearing leather armor instead of their uniform, waited.
An older, gray-haired man stood with them. His hands grasped Sallis's sword and quarterstaff.
"This is Lieutenant Vayburn," said Crallin.
Vayburn inclined his head to Sallis, taking him in from head to toe. Finally, he flourished the sword.
"This is a good weapon," he growled. "Where did you get it?"
"It was made at home," replied Sallis. "A gift from my father."
Vayburn's gray eyebrows lifted. "Made on Re Annan? I doubt that." He hefted the sword and turned his wrists a few times before slamming it back in its scabbard. "This sword is Re Taura work, or I've never seen it." He threw the scabbarded sword at Sallis, who snatched it out of the air without thinking.
"Possible." Sallis shrugged. "There is a lot of trade between the islands."
"This, however," continued Vayburn, the sword forgotten, "is a farmer's weapon." He hefted the quarterstaff and twirled it. "Man who knows how to use this can take two swordsmen out at once."
"I learned to use that long before I saw a sword," said Sallis.
Oston and Crallin exchanged a look as they strapped swordbelts around their waists.
"What now?" asked Sallis. "Where's my horse and the rest of my kit?"
"All safe, I assure you," said Vayburn. "Your horse has enjoyed a large meal and what I suspect was the best rubdown of his life since you entered it. And now, we will discover how good you are with those weapons."
"Why?" Sallis was suspicious. "I already said I'm not interested in joining the City Guard. I have come here to -"
"We know. To be a bounty hunter," interrupted Vayburn. "I want to see how good you are with your weapons. You show you haven't got a clue what you're about and I'll put you in the City Guard for a couple of years until you do. Then you can make up your own mind."
"I already have," said Sallis.
"Right, we've chatted long enough," said Vayburn, ignoring the comment.
Oston and Crallin took up station alongside Sallis and escorted him back out through the gates. Sallis feared they intended to abandon him outside the city, but they did not go far, only to a grassy area overlooked by the walls. Expecting a show, two men from the Guard lounged up there, watching.
Oston went to one side and removed his leather jerkin. Sallis changed his mind about the man. He wasn't fat at all, but squat. Muscle thickened his arms and chest, and Sallis knew he faced a powerful man.
"You can take your cloak and tunic off if you want," said Vayburn. "No point in sweating to death in this heat."
"I doubt you get the chance to strip down in real life," said Sallis.
Vayburn's dark blue eyes hardened. "You'll need full movement here," he said. "We just want to see what you can do."
Sallis reluctantly removed his cloak and tunic. His arms were not that well-muscled, though he was pretty sturdy for his age. His height made him look even slimmer.
Drawing his sword, he threw the scabbard aside and came to stance as he had been taught.
Oston didn't wait, but launched straight into an attack. Sallis turned the first and second thrusts aside easily and whacked the shorter man across his bottom with the flat as he passed.
Oston growled and returned to the attack. Rage flashed in his dark eyes as Sallis easily turned all the attacks aside. He didn't even need to try.
Vayburn clapped his hands. "Excellent!"
Oston looked at Sallis in disgust as they parted.
Crallin came in next and, while he avoided Sallis's blade, he made no more progress than Oston. Crallin had a quite different style of fighting, colder and more clinical in his movements.
"Good!" Vayburn nodded in approval. "Sure you don't want to join the Guard, Sallis? You're better than I'd hoped. Maybe the next Blade Grandmaster? Not had one of those since Olista left us for the Senate."
Sallis rested. "Not interested," he said.
"Of course not." Vayburn smiled. "Let's see you with the staff. Crallin, Oston; both together please."
Crallin looked surprised. "Sir, two on one in these circumstances is not right! We don't know how good the boy is."
Vayburn shook his head. "You try and kill him with those swords." He turned to Sallis. "Reckon you're up to it?"
Sallis whirled the staff. "If it stops you banging on about the Guard, then I'm ready," he replied.
Vayburn laughed. "All right you two: kill."
As expected, Oston came in straight away, while Crallin watched for weak points. But neither man had a chance.
Sallis twirled his ostwood staff. It moved in a blur and almost broke Oston's wrist as it met his blade. The men watching from above laughed and cheered. Oston cursed and gave his hand a violent shake while Crallin angled in.
Sallis pivoted and tapped Crallin's elbow, who then dropped his sword.
"Come on you two!" roared Vayburn. "Stop faffing about and kill him!"
Again, Sallis suspected that Oston's temper had frayed, but his opponents circled around so, no matter how Sallis turned, one man stayed in front and one behind.
There was only one way to deal with this.
Sallis opened himself to the Gift. Oston moved as if through water, while Crallin angled ever so slowly around. Despite the impression that time had slowed, Sallis knew that he moved faster through it. He must end this fight.
The two men had been commanded to kill him, so Sallis must hurt his attackers enough to stop them. Turn. He cracked Crallin's head so the man went down in a heap. Turn.
Now he faced Oston.
The squat man's eyes widened - or rather were still widening - when Sallis cracked the already bruised wrist again. Oston clutched the injured joint and screamed in agony.
Sallis released the Gift.
Vayburn's mouth was still dropping open and even the men on the walls above stood silent.
"How in Ranva's name did you do that?" demanded the lieutenant, during a pause in Oston's screaming.
Sallis shrugged. "Practice," he said. He turned to the two injured men. "I would offer healing, but my talents lie in other directions."
Vayburn stepped forward. "Talents? Healing? You're Gifted!"
Sallis smiled. "Satisfied I know how to use my weapons now?"
Vayburn nodded. "I am that. You could rise very quickly if you joined us," he said. "Bounty hunters have a very hand-to-mouth existence in this city. But we offer regular pay and square meals." The older man looked hopeful.
Sallis shook his head. "I've come to be a bounty hunter. But there is one thing you can do for me."
Vayburn waited and watched a groaning Crallin climb to his feet. Oston stared malevolently at Sallis, but his screaming had finally ended. He clutched his shattered wrist.
Sallis's attention focused on Vayburn. "I'd like you to tell me why there are already so many bounty hunters in the city."
***
Chapter 5 - Sandev
While Vayburn arranged a healer for his two injured men, Sallis checked on Glyder. His pack leaned in one corner of the stable, the tack stacked beside it. The horse looked happy enough in a stall and shook his head in greeting. Sallis entered the stall and nodded in approval. Glyder's brown coat shone and someone had plaited part of his mane.
Sallis checked on the animal's hooves, which stablehands sometimes overlooked on other people's horses, but all four had been well scraped. The straw looked fresh and unsoiled.
Sallis patted the horse's long nose affectionately.
"Told you we'd look after him," said Vayburn from the stall door.
"How are your men?" asked Sallis. "No hard feelings I hope?"
Vayburn laughed. "They're bitter as spring apples," he replied, "but their injuries are better now."
Sallis looked over his shoulder. "Your healer is Gifted."
Vayburn nodded. "Indeed. Her name is Sandev and she wants to meet you."
The name tickled something in Sallis's memory, but he couldn't pull it free. "All right," he said, "but I still want an answer to my question."
"Sure you do. I haven't forgotten." Vayburn drew breath.
"And no, I don't want to join up," said Sallis, before the man spoke again.
"Didn't know the Gifted were mind-readers," grumbled the lieutenant.
"Some people are just very predictable," replied Sallis.
Vayburn shook his head. "You are a find. Such a waste, such a shame."
"I'm here to be a bounty hunter," insisted Sallis. "And to be the best bounty hunter. But why are so many already here?"
Vaynor sighed. "There have been a string of thefts from homes of the wealthy. With every successful theft, the reward money goes up and more hunters stream into the city. Whoever the thief is, he's very good."
"Why aren't bounty hunters welcome?"
Vayburn's dark blue eyes looked troubled. "Because they are more interested in bounty than justice. Several 'suspects' have been brought to us, and not all were treated as they ought to have been."
"I'm interested in justice," said Sallis. "A hunter must have the right man, else he'll never receive his bounty."
Vayburn nodded and looked hopeful again. "We need young men like -"
"The answer's still no."
The older man subsided.
"Has the thief left anything behind during his thefts?" Sallis brought the conversation back to thieves.
"Only a corpse at his last job."
"He has turned murderer?"
Vayburn nodded. "One of the Senators, Jarron Lebstan. Must have disturbed him during the theft. Had to have been him of course, the city's in an uproar. What was a simple theft is now murder. Instead of hard labor, the thief faces death."
"What does he steal?"
If Vayburn was surprised at the calm demeanor of the very young man, he showed no sign. "Money, jewelry. We think he melts the gold and silver to sell on with any gemstones."
"So the original piece can't be traced," murmured Sallis.
Vayburn laughed. "Sounds to me as though you're already practiced at bounty hunting."
Sallis smiled back. "At long last, people ask the right questions. I caught my first criminal before I even knew I could do this. I have four years' experience already."
The older man looked doubtful.
Sallis finished petting Glyder. "Right, we'd better not keep this healer of yours waiting."
"Oh, she's not our usual healer," said Vayburn. "She's far too important for that."
"Why does she want to meet me then?"
"Perhaps you are more famous than you realize. Come, I'll take you to her now."
***
Vayburn led Sallis to an office furnished with a couple of chairs and a small table. A woman that must be Sandev occupied one chair and beside her stood a female sylph.
Sandev did not appear very much older than Sallis. Her eyes shone like sapphires and her light brown hair framed a rather girlish face. She wore a simple dress with a plain leather belt at the waist.
But he could almost smell the Gift emanating from her. Girlish or not, he faced a very powerful practitioner. One whose Gift had developed over time. This woman was no youngster, despite appearances.
"So you are Sallis ti Ath," she said.
"I am. You must be Sandev." A glance over his shoulder showed that Vayburn had not stayed. "He wants me to join the City Guard."
Sandev smiled. "Probably wise counsel."
Sallis glanced at the sylph, and wondered what was different about her. She wore a gray work smock and a brown leather collar - Lyssan was the only sylph he had ever seen without a collar - and held herself in the servile stance common to all domestic sylphs. Then he saw the difference: a glance at her earpoints showed a wisp of silvery hair growing from the tip.
"I've come here to be a bounty hunter," he insisted.
Sandev's smile broadened, but the sylph glared at him.
"The boy is impolite, anya," she said.
"He knows his own mind, Geyn," replied Sandev, peaceably. "Not everybody is frightened of me."
The sylph subsided, but carried on glaring at Sallis.
"Elvallon spoke highly of you," continued Sandev.
Sallis shrugged. "He abandoned me," he replied. "Frightened of my talents, I suppose." His dark gaze bored into Geyn. "But his sylph remains polite."
Sandev smiled and even Geyn's earpoints twitched as their owner suppressed laughter.
"You may as well take a seat." Sandev indicated the empty chair beside her. "Geyn, will you chase up the alovak, please?"
The sylph inclined her head and left the room.
"I hope you will excuse her," said Sandev. "She's getting old and grows more forthright every day. Hard to believe she is the same shy girl from forty and more years ago."
Sallis smiled. "Of course. She clearly adores you."
"Elvallon told me of your... talents," murmured Sandev. "I've never heard of Healing being used to kill before."
Sallis blinked and looked wary. "Not something I expected either."
"I know." Sandev sounded sympathetic. "I've already come across most of your talents before. But that one's new." Her sapphire eyes looked anything but naive now.
"I've killed nobody," protested Sallis. "And have no intention of it either."
"Noble sentiments." Sandev nodded. "Until your life is at risk. And if you persist in this ambition of bounty hunting, it will be at risk. Hunters make plenty of enemies, who make a point of catching up with them at a later date."
"I can use a sword and staff," said Sallis.
Sandev smiled again. "And I've seen the result of that, too. You broke poor Oston's wrist; it proved very difficult to heal."
Sallis shrugged. "Vayburn told them to try and kill me."
"He would have stopped them."
"I didn't know that."
"Exactly. And that will be the same when you are threatened. You will have no idea how far your enemy will go. Will he kill, or merely inconvenience?" Sandev stared directly into his eyes. "You used the Gift while fighting Crallin and Oston. Will you use it to help you whenever you are attacked?"
"Yes."
"And one day, you will use that... other... part of your talent to kill."
Sallis looked away. "Only in defense of my life," he muttered.
Sandev abruptly sat back. "Good. Ah! Here is our alovak."
Geyn returned carrying a wooden platter bearing mugs and the all-important alovak can. Sandev changed the subject.
"Have you given any thought to where you are sleeping tonight?" she asked.
Sallis understood why the subject had changed. Sylphs were uncomfortable with the Gift at best and rapidly made themselves scarce when the subject came up. But Geyn must be at least used to the feel of the Gifted.
"Not yet, I've been busy fending off attempts to recruit me into something I don't want to join."
"I know someone who will look after you. For a fee."
"It usually is for a fee," grimaced Sallis. "And my horse?"
"She has stables too," smiled Sandev. "But first, I would like to hear about your successes tracking down criminals."
Sallis sniffed at his alovak before taking the first sip. He glanced at Geyn standing beside her mistress, and drew breath.
***
Chapter 6 - Settling In
Before entering his new home, Sallis looked to Glyder's welfare. As the boy walked into the stable, Glyder paused his oat-munching and nuzzled Sallis's shoulder. The horse's brown coat still shone from his recent grooming at the hands of the City Guard and the straw in his stall had only just been laid down.
Sallis nodded at the stablehand, a young man only a little older than himself.
"Does Young Sir want the tack cleaning, too?" Kerran the stablehand looked at Sallis, his dark blue eyes calm.
"If Old Man can manage it, yes please," replied Sallis.
Kerran nodded. "I'll make sure the sylphs do it later."
"Sylphs?" Sallis blinked and realized the smell ticking his nostrils belonged to the sinabra, the sylphs' natural odor.
Glyder had a companion in another stall. From that horse's height, Sallis reckoned this was a workhorse, similar in size to Polless.
Kerran laughed. "Both the sylphs work out here in the stable; Ma won't have 'em inside the house. She prefers to employ my sisters in there."
"Who's this one?" Sallis jerked a thumb towards the other animal, a dark chestnut with a white stripe along the nose.
"That's Rence," replied Kerran. "Good carter; we rent him out most days we're not using him. At the moment, he earns more than we do."
Sallis nodded and patted the workhorse's nose. He glanced down at the animal's fetlocks and, sure enough, a skirt of hair surrounded each one.
"When I've spoken with Ulena, I'll come and give you a hand with the tack," promised Sallis.
"No need," replied Kerran. "The sylphs will look after it."
***
Ulena eyed her new lodger up and down. "Not much to you," she said, pushing light brown hair out of gray eyes. "Tall, but no meat on those bones."
"Does that mean you're going to fatten me up?" asked Sallis with a grin. "Mother has tried that for years."
"Depends how much you pay," smiled Ulena. "Sandev tells me you are Gifted."
"Is that a problem?"
"Not for me." Ulena’s smile widened. "I've ignored the Gifted for many years; they don't harm you unless you harm them. But Sandev said you're different."
"She did? Knows a lot, even for another of the Gifted."
"And you know a lot less," laughed Ulena. "Didn't your teacher tell you about Sandev?"
"My teacher dropped me when my Gift didn't work out the way he expected." Sallis tried to keep bitterness out of his voice and almost succeeded.
"Did he mention the Ten?"
Sallis wracked his memory. "He mentioned something about them," he replied, "but not a lot."
"Well, Sandev's more than just 'another of the Gifted'; she's one of them."
"I see." Sallis felt hollow inside. One of the Ten and he hadn't realized. Nothing stood out with Sandev, she hardly seemed older than himself... except she had a sylph aged enough to have tufts of hair on her earpoints. If Sandev was one of the Ten, she was ancient.
And he had been cheeky to her! No wonder Geyn had been grumpy; sylphs were always defensive when people criticized their owners. Not even Lyssan tolerated that, despite her soft spot for Sallis.
"You are shocked?" Ulena laughed again. "Many people are, especially those who see a silly and naive young girl. I expect you were rude to her, or perhaps just playfully cheeky? You got away with it this time, perhaps next time. But one time you will do this and - wham! - Sandev will bite you."
"Thank you for the warning."
Ulena smiled and turned to a younger version of herself who now joined them. "Pelim, my youngest daughter," she said. "Now you help young Sallis to his room. And you can stop making those eyes right now, he's not here for a marriage."
Sallis grinned. He decided he rather liked this lodging house, with its friendly yet shrewd owner. And her youngest daughter was rather pretty...
***
Sallis worked polish into the nearly-black leather. He worked quickly and without fuss. Saddle, girth strap, crupper, bridle. An infertile sylph sat cross-legged beside him, rubbing metal polish on brasses belonging to Rence. The carthorse looked over his stall door at the sylph, showing the same intelligence Sallis remembered from Polless.
"So you're Gifted then," said Kerran, after checking the feeders were full.
The sylph lifted her head from the brasses and blinked at Sallis.
"Does everybody know?" demanded Sallis.
"Once I've told my mates, yes," grinned Kerran. "But you're not here to be Sandev's apprentice, else you'd be in her villa."
"Well, some people think I'm here to join the City Guard," replied Sallis, hesitantly.
"But you're not," added Kerran, perceptively.
"That's right, I don't think a uniform and me go together too well," shrugged Sallis. "I'm far too independent for that."
Kerran shrugged. "Sometimes independence and an empty belly sleep together," he said.
The sylph nodded at this wisdom, but said nothing.
"So do independence and money," retorted Sallis.
"Why are you here?"
Sallis smiled again. "I'm getting tired of telling people," he replied. "I came here to be a bounty hunter."
Kerran's dark blue eyes hardly flickered. Sallis was beginning to realize this young man was nearly always calm. "What do you think, Errim? Speak freely."
The sylph gave a slow blink and her earpoints twitched. "The Guard has more honor," she said, before falling back into comfortable silence.
"She never says much," said Kerran, ruffling Errim's hair affectionately and tickling one of her earpoints.
"The Guard can have as much honor as it likes," said Sallis, watching the infertile smile in pleasure at the attention, "but I'm here to make money and serve justice." He could not recall Lyssan having her earpoints tickled.
"Already plenty of bounty hunters here," said the stablehand. "And all are more interested in money rather than justice."
"So people keep telling me," said Sallis. "I intend to be different. And much, much better."
"Reckon you can be?" Kerran's attention returned to his polishing as Sallis's dark eyes flashed.
"From what I've seen so far, yes." Sallis smiled again.
Errim blinked and said nothing.
***
Chapter 7 - The Commission
Despite Sallis's brave words, nothing quite prepared him for the next morning.
After enjoying a large breakfast, Sallis left the lodging house, where Oston waited outside the front door.
"Been here at least an hour," grumped the stout man, cracking his knuckles. "Thought you country boys got up in the middle of the night."
"You're waiting for me?"
"Yes. Someone wants to see you. And I mean Someone. Looks like you've got your wish granted, farm boy."
Sallis smiled to himself. "How's your wrist?" he asked.
"No better for the asking," grunted Oston.
"Hard feelings?"
"You bet." Oston's eyes glittered. "Next time, you'll be kicked all around the practice field."
Sallis grinned. "I look forward to our next meeting there," he replied, "but it won't be me getting kicked about."
Oston grunted again.
"Who wants to see me this time?" asked Sallis. "Captain of the Guard? Will he try to recruit me too?"
"Higher than him," replied Oston. "Much higher."
***
Sallis stared at the building and Oston smiled. A square fronted it, with an occasional beggar dotted about, and a disused warehouse stood almost beside it.
"Coronation Building," said Oston. "Home to the Senate and Supreme Council. And where Emperors are crowned."
"Marka has no Emperor," muttered Sallis.
"Marka has no Emperor for now," corrected Oston. "They will come again, they always do."
Sallis stared as he followed Oston up the wide steps and into the building, delightfully cool after the strong sunshine outside. Guards acknowledged Oston and eyed Sallis curiously, perhaps wondering why such a young man carried a sword. Sylphs scurrying on errands threw wary glances his way, either because of the sword or because they had sensed the Gift.
Sallis ignored the sylphs and stared at the obvious wealth now surrounding him. It made the Papan's palace in Leynx appear tawdry and cheap.
"This way," said Oston, leading Sallis away from large doors. "The offices are along here. Let's hope Melda is on an errand somewhere."
Sallis was taken through corridors and to a door. Oston rapped with his knuckles on faded gilt lettering suggesting this office belonged to Nelsten Jasin Olfank.
"Come," called a voice from inside.
Oston opened the door and a nod suggested Sallis might like to step through. Sallis looked over his shoulder in surprise as Oston stayed outside. His attention returned to the office and its occupant.
Oak-paneling stretched from floor to ceiling and shelves of books covered one wall, easily more books than even Elvallon possessed. A table with a chair on either side, and that was it. No paintings hung on the walls and there were no decorations to be seen. Papers were piled high on the desk.
An average-looking man sat on the far side of the desk, perhaps in his middle thirties. Dark blue eyes regarded Sallis expressionlessly and medium brown hair crowned a face that was surprisingly unlined.
"Good morning," said the man. "I am Olista Dovna Allert, Senator with special responsibility for the Guard. And you are Sallis ti Ath, newly come to Marka."
"I am." Sallis narrowed his eyes. "That isn't the name on the door."
Olista chuckled. "Good; you are observant. Senator Nelsten is some three centuries dead; we stopped putting our names on doors many years ago."
"Why am I here?" demanded Sallis. "Don't say you want me to join the Guard."
Olista compressed his lips and nodded towards Sallis's sword. "They tell me you're very good with that," he said. "I was the last Blade Grandmaster in the Guard; you could be the next."
"No doubt." Sallis refused to be intimidated. "If I joined, that is."
"They tell me you want to be a bounty hunter," continued Olista, as if Sallis had not spoken. "We already have plenty in Marka and need no more."
"You haven't got one like me."
Olista pursed his lips and tilted his head quickly to the left and back again. "Easy for you to say."
"Folk say bounty hunters are more interested in bounty than justice," said Sallis.
"We do." Olista interlaced his fingers and leaned forward, elbows resting on his desk. "Myself included."
"All right." Sallis had given this some thought overnight. "Here's my offer, to prove I am different."
Olista spread his hands. "I'm listening."
"I catch a criminal, and you pay me when he is convicted, not when I bring him in. Does that help you believe I am about justice rather than bounty?"
Surprise and respect stirred in those dark blue eyes. "Now that is different," admitted Olista. He shuffled some papers on the desk before him. "I've been speaking with Sandev."
"Then you'll know I'm Gifted," said Sallis.
A smile ghosted across Olista's features. "Yes," he replied.
"That's why you let me keep my sword, even here?"
"From what Sandev told me, you have no need of a sword to kill. Surrendering your weapon would not save me, if you intended to take my life. But I feel I'm quite safe from you."
Sallis shifted on his feet, uncomfortable that a woman he had met once knew so much about him. "What else did Sandev have to say?"
"That you have earned yourself an excellent reputation on Re Annan," continued Olista, without glancing at the papers. "Several thieves caught, escapees returned to custody, and prisoners treated with dignity. Surprising in one so young."
"A lot of it is thanks to the Gift," he muttered.
"Which is a tool to be used like any other," murmured Olista.
Sallis's eyes flashed. "Are you referring to the Gift, or me?"
Olista's eyes were hard and expressionless. "Both, Sallis ti Ath," he replied. "Both."
Sallis looked to one side.
"The Guard has so far failed to bring in our man, and the numerous bounty hunters in the city have proved themselves equally incompetent. Given your generous offer regarding payment and conviction, I'm prepared to give you a chance."
Sallis's heart leapt. "You want me to find him?" he asked.
"Remember that he plunders from the wealthy of this city. The reward for his capture increases every time he is successful, which may explain some of your fellow bounty hunters' ineptitude. But he has branched out into murder."
"I heard," replied Sallis. "Some senator or other."
"Senator Jarron Lebstan. I suspect this is an opportunistic murder; the man happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time. Disturbed the thief perhaps."
Sallis nodded. "I'll be careful."
"I'm glad to hear it." This time, Olista did smile. He pushed a sealed parchment across the table, its creamy appearance marred only by a blob of black sealing wax. "Your commission. Bring us this man to face justice, Sallis ti Ath, and Marka's gratitude shall be yours."
***
Chapter 8 - The Hunt Begins
Olista held Jarron Lebstan's widow in conversation while Guardsman Crallin showed Sallis to the late Senator's study, where the body had been found.
Some bookcases showed damage, and many books had dented or partially torn spines. The desk drawers had been forced open, despite someone's best efforts to tidy away the tell-tale splinters. Only one bookcase looked untouched and, by resting his head against the wall and looking at its neighbor, Sallis saw a gap that must lead to a concealed storage area. Intended to be secret and doubtless the thief's target. Why else vandalize books?
Sallis looked around the doorway and gently touched the repaired wood where the thief had forced his way in. He could not see outside, but he thought the stables were on the far side of the house from here.
"Everything's clean," muttered Sallis. "Nothing here."
Crallin gave his companion a look, part surprise and part resentment.
"Of course not," he replied, "the thief took it all."
Sallis shook his head. He had no interest in the missing valuables. "What was used to kill him?"
"Something sharp is all we know," replied Crallin. "Likely a long dagger or a short-sword."
"Did the Senator have a weapon on him the thief might have used?" pressed Sallis.
Crallin shrugged. "The boys who looked the place over at the time said the murderer probably brought it with him."
Sallis grunted. Unless out and out opportunists, thieves usually brought tools for breaking into places, but this thief had laid plans and targeted his victims carefully.
The intruder had no need to carry a sword or dagger. If the unfortunate Jarron had disturbed the thief, Sallis suspected the criminal was more likely to have used a blunt object to silence him. But if the thief did carry a blade, he would have taken it away with him.
Sallis released the Gift and wandered all around the room, hoping to find something to hint at the thief's presence. Anything he could use.
He found nothing.
"Learning anything useful?" There was a definite edge of sarcasm in Crallin's tone.
"You don't like me," said Sallis, carefully. "Why?"
"I don't like bounty hunters," replied Crallin. "Have you found anything?"
Sallis shook his head. "I'd like to have a word with the widow."
"Why?"
Sallis ignored Crallin's question and left the study, rejoining Olista in the hallway. The woman stood beside him, with the dark blue eyes and dark hair Sallis now associated with Marka, watching the goings-on with an air of resentment. A smartly dressed infertile sylph poked her head around the door, took one look at Sallis and quickly withdrew again.
"This is Sallis ti Ath," said Olista, "a new bounty hunter in Marka. Sallis, this is Pusila, wife to the late Senator Jarron."
Sallis inclined his head. "Mistress."
"He looks very young," said Pusila.
"I have fifteen years, Mistress," replied Sallis. "If I may, one or two questions?"
Pusila sniffed. "We have already gone through this with the City Guard."
Sallis grinned. "Who tend not to cooperate with bounty hunters, so we must ask our own questions. On the night of the theft, who was here? Apart from the thief, obviously."
"Nobody," replied Pusila. "Jarron worked late in the Senate and I was visiting Nadya, my daughter."
Her lips quivered and Olista patted her arm in commiseration.
"And the sylphs?" pressed Sallis. "Surely they were here?"
"Now we... I... have no horses, the house sylphs live in the stable. And though they work hard during the day, they enjoy evenings free, so none would actually be inside the house."
"That's an unusual sleeping arrangement for house sylphs," smiled Sallis. "Most people have them close to hand."
"I've never liked them in the house," replied Pusila. "But we only had the stable converted recently. A few weeks."
"Is the study as you found it?" asked Sallis.
"No, the sylphs have tidied it since... since the killing."
"Did Jarron have an armory?" Sallis changed tack.
"Of course, most gentlemen's houses do," Pusila nodded. "This way."
Sallis followed the widow down stone steps, where she produced some keys and unlocked a barred door. A whetstone and sword-rack stood within, bolted firmly to the ground.
Sallis gave a low whistle. "Some collection," he remarked.
There were perhaps eight swords and twelve long daggers in the rack.
"I keep the only key," said Pusila. "Even Jarron needs to ask for it when he comes here to think. Used to come." She sounded close to tears. "I brought my husband's sword down here when I returned from Nadya's. This one."
Sallis took the sword from her and he inspected it carefully. He allowed the Gift to flow, but got nothing in return. The dead could not be followed, so their possessions never showed the way. He touched the leaping stag etched onto the blade.
"Good steel," he remarked.
"Jarron regretted never buying Pelirno steel."
"Do they all have this etching?" asked Sallis.
"The leaping stag is... was... my husband's crest. Yes."
"And I see he kept them all sharp. Or did the sylphs look after that task?"
Pusila forced a laugh. "Jarron looked after the blades. Said he could think down here, without distractions. He spent hours sharpening those blades."
Sallis nodded and glanced where the iron bars fixed into the floor and ceiling. He inspected the lock and then turned his attention back to the blades.
He felt Olista watching as he took one of the long daggers and peered along the blade. Then the next, and the next. He paused longer over one and ran a thumb over the very end.
"Right," he said, his attitude changing completely. He gave the widow a long look. "Thank you, Mistress Pusila; I think we can leave you in peace."
Sallis left Olista trailing as he bounded back up the stone steps and caught the smartly dressed sylph, where she had been eavesdropping.
"And who are you?" asked Sallis.
The infertile's earpoints wilted and her eyes went wide. Sallis noted a single gold fleck in one of the otherwise flawless silver-gray irises.
"Implette," whispered the sylph, the name hinting at mischief.
"She was Jarron's," said Pusila, putting a hand on the infertile's shoulder. The sylph flinched.
"You were not with your master?" asked Sallis, gently.
Those eyes, shining like polished silver, brimmed with sudden tears and Implette shook her head.
"She carried a message to our son, Gelfar," said Pusila.
Implette looked like she wanted to say more, but instead bit her lip and stared at her feet.
Sallis nodded. "Well thank you again," he said. "You've been very helpful."
Crallin followed Olista and Sallis back out into the strong sunshine.
"If only we had some way of questioning Implette without her Mistress present," remarked Sallis. "That girl had something to say, but dared not with Pusila there."
"Not very relevant anyway," interrupted Crallin. "She's just a sylph."
"She's Jarron's sylph," countered Sallis. "She ought to have been with him, so why was she not? And who on earth makes their house sylphs sleep outside?"
"Your landlady for one," Crallin pointed out.
"Those sylphs work in the stables, countered Sallis, "they're not house sylphs."
"Not everybody likes their sinabra," replied Crallin. "And in fairness, those stables look very comfortable."
"What happened in the armory?" demanded Olista, uninterested if sylphs were forced to sleep in stables or not. "You came over all different."
Sallis turned and wagged a finger at the Senator. "Unless your thief is careful enough to make his way through locks without damaging them, then we seek two criminals, not one."
"What do you mean?"
A second finger joined the first. "Jarron liked to spend time sharpening those swords and daggers."
"Yes."
Sallis nodded. "Was anything found on his body? In the wound or clothing?"
"You must ask Lieutenant Vayburn about that," replied Crallin.
"Thank you," smiled Sallis.
"So you did find something," said Crallin.
Sallis's smile broadened. "There's always something to find. Let's go, we're done here."
***
At his lodgings, Sallis used the back of a hand to test the large board set up in his room. Kerran had painted it black as requested - or more likely, the two stable sylphs had painted it black - and the gunk had thankfully dried at last. Even so, it still smelled pretty bad. The powder crayon squeaked terribly on the wood, but Sallis could now write out his notes.
Done, he sat back and stared at what he had written. He had nothing definite: no item of the thief's to give him the scent, and little more than an idea. But Sallis had already realized there was more to this commission than the obvious. He was still mulling over his idea when he went downstairs to his evening meal.
One of the things he liked about Ulena's lodging house was that everybody ate together. The large wooden table had been scrubbed almost white over the years, surrounded by well-used and battered wooden chairs. A black range squatted in one corner, with chopped wood stacked floor to ceiling on either side.
It reminded him of home.
Sallis's chair scraped on the tiled floor as he squeezed between Kerran and the sylph Errim. The other infertile, Westin, served the meal. Ulena sat opposite, flanked by her daughters. Sallis glanced at the vegetable stew before he looked at his landlady.
"What do you know about the murdered Senator?" he asked between mouthfuls.
Ulena stared. "Jarron?" she asked. "Popular with the people. He wanted to give more of us voting rights, not just those who hold property above a certain value."
Coming from an island proud of its universal democracy, Sallis lifted an eyebrow. "And not everybody agrees?"
Ulena made a dismissive gesture with one hand. "Some of the richer families are happy with things as they are," she replied.
"They want us kept out of politics," put in Kerran. "They say we don't understand everything that's involved."
"Perhaps they are frightened you will understand," added Sallis.
"Whether we understand or not, Jarron had the legislation going through the Senate and it scraped by with one vote. That meant there had to be a second vote. Until this happened, anyway."
"Why does that make the difference?"
Ulena sighed. "Now the sponsor is dead, the legislation will die with him. Unless someone else pushes it through in Jarron's stead."
"So that is why the city is in uproar?"
"Yes," replied Kerran. "Marka is like a dry forest in high summer. One spark, and the city will burn."
"I see. Thank you."
Sallis finished his meal in silence and let the others' conversation wash over him.
Returning to his room, he pondered the board a while longer before he picked up the squeaky powder crayon. He scraped two words on the board.
"Two criminals."
***
After sleeping on his questions (and eating a hurried breakfast), Sallis picked his way through Marka's streets towards the South Gate. Kerran's words at the evening meal haunted him and he watched people carefully.
Two men on the street corner might be exchanging pleasantries, or did they plan to rouse a mob and riot? The three women outside that shop front might have been discussing prices, or where best to find stones to throw at the Coronation Building. That handful of ragged children might be waiting to steal some vegetables, or else carrying hidden weapons to supply a group of young men at the other end of the street...
Sallis concentrated so much on groups of humans dotted about, that he almost missed the infertile sylph who sat pouting on a small pile of luggage, her arms crossed. He recognized the smart tunic and neatly pressed breeches.
"Implette?"
The infertile looked over her shoulder and her earpoints wilted further.
"What are you doing here?" asked Sallis, secretly delighted at this opportunity.
"Going to Gelfar-ya," replied the infertile. She blinked a few times as Sallis eyed the luggage.
"Looks like a permanent move," he remarked.
The sylph nodded. "She wanted me out yesterday, but you came."
"That is a shame. Let me help you carry your things."
Implette shook her head. "I'm fine."
"Of course you are," Sallis smiled. "Which is why you're sat on your luggage, panting and sweating."
"You are observant, for a human," remarked the sylph.
"Thank you. Why do you all really have to sleep in the stables?"
Implette looked wary and shook her head.
Sallis hefted the largest bag. "Look, this is important. Do you want your old owner's killer to face justice or not?"
Implette's face crumpled and, for a moment, it looked like she might cry. She recovered her composure almost as quickly. "So we would not hear enya and anya arguing."
"They argued a lot?"
The sylph nodded.
"Nudge me the way we want to go," said Sallis, as the infertile collected the other two bags. "We can talk as we walk."
"Anya sent me to Gelfar-ya on that day," she said. "Enya usually takes me to the Senate, but he said there might be a fight, so he left me at home."
"A fight over his legislation?" asked Sallis.
Implette blinked and shrugged.
Sallis supposed infertile sylphs might not be too interested in affairs of State. "I take it Pusila wanted you out of the way."
"She said I got too much of his attention." This time a tear leaked free.
"Don't take on," smiled Sallis, who already had the answer he needed. "Don't cry, or you'll make me cry too."
The sylph giggled at that.
"Now, you tell me where you need to go, and I'll see you there safely."
***
Lieutenant Vayburn smiled at Sallis as he entered his office.
"Congratulations, young man. Seems your wish got granted. And by Olista himself, no less."
Sallis nodded. "Does that mean you're going to stop trying to recruit me into the Guard?" he asked.
"Not a chance," chuckled Vayburn. "You keep on walking in like you work here and I'll give you a uniform. Most bounty hunters are shown the door straight away."
"I learned you're the officer in charge of the Senator Jarron business," said Sallis.
"That's me," said Vayburn, sounding cheerful. "And if you're as good as you claim, when you catch the thief, you'll have caught the murderer."
"Maybe."
Vayburn blinked and some of the good cheer faded. "You sound unconvinced."
Sallis nodded. "Is there anything that ties the thief to the murder?"
"Jarron's home was plundered the same night he was murdered. I don't believe in coincidence."
"Any physical evidence to put the theft and murder together?"
"Apart from the thief being there the same night, nothing," replied Vayburn. His gaze flickered briefly aside as he spoke.
Sallis narrowed his eyes. That flicker meant Vayburn had had to think of an answer, which therefore translated "nothing at all" into a lie.
"What did you find?" he asked, quietly.
"You doubt my word, boy?" Vayburn's dark blue eyes hardened. "I told you we found nothing." The man's gaze was direct enough now.
Sallis inclined his head. "My apologies." He changed the subject. "When the Senate votes, is there a record of who votes which way?"
"No," replied Vayburn. "Most votes are secret ballots and those that aren't are done by a show of hands. The results are recorded, but not who votes how."
"A pity," muttered Sallis.
***
"Yes, I laid out Senator Jarron's body."
Sallis smiled at Dowl, the imhotep's assistant priest. "Was there anything unusual about it?" he asked.
They sat in Dowl's small office, an annex to the main temple. The dead usually came here to be prepared for burial, provided the family could afford it. Sallis had waited most of the day to meet with Dowl and he still had another visit to make.
Dowl eyed Sallis neutrally, taking in his obvious youth, and finally deigned to answer. "Having a hole poked through the middle is unusual in this city," he replied. "When I wash a body, it's not normally covered in blood."
"What happened to the clothes?"
Dowl's graying eyebrows rose. "They were burned."
"You worked alone?"
"No, an officer from the Guard worked with me."
"Who?"
Dowl blinked. "Really, I do not see -"
"The Senate commissioned me to work this case," said Sallis. "Your cooperation is much appreciated and may help bring the perpetrator to justice."
Dowl's upper lip curled. "You're a bounty hunter. All you care about is the money."
Sallis smiled. "I'm different," he replied. "Now, who was here?"
"Lieutenant Vayburn," replied Dowl. "He rummaged through everything. All the clothes anyway. And he pressed around the... the hole. Why would he do that?"
"Looking for something that shouldn't be there," replied Sallis absently. He lifted his shirt and bared his midriff and lower chest. "About where was the wound?"
Dowl reluctantly touched the lower left part of Sallis's ribcage.
"Here," he said. "A deep hole about here, and a tear in the skin. Terrible, quite terrible. In thirty years of preparing the dead for burial, I have never..."
Sallis nodded and let his shirt drop. He almost smiled, before he remembered the discussion's subject. "Did Vayburn find anything?"
Dowl shrugged. "No idea; he said nothing if he did."
Sallis inclined his head. "Thank you, Priest Dowl, you have been very kind, and most helpful."
Dowl blinked and managed a half-smile. "I have?"
***
Sallis's last visit was to the Coronation Building. He walked through half-familiar corridors until a hard-faced woman, perhaps a decade older than himself, halted him. Her hair was a lighter brown than Sallis had come to expect from Markans, but her dark blue eyes regarded him coldly.
"I'd like to see Senator Olista," explained Sallis.
The woman's hard face tightened. "That will not be possible without an appointment," she replied.
"Can I make the appointment now?" asked Sallis, not one to be fobbed off easily.
"You must request the appointment in writing and a reply will be given within seven days. I assume you can write?"
"Days?" Sallis's voice squeaked. "I need to meet the -"
The woman silenced him by raising a finger. "No letter, no appointment. No appointment, no meeting. Good day to you."
Summarily dismissed, Sallis retreated to the main hall. Even Senators had homes to go to and must leave the building sooner or later. He finally spotted the man he had come to see.
"Good evening, Senator Olista," he said.
"Ah, Sallis! Anything to report?"
"Just a couple of questions, Sir."
"Thought you might already have sniffed out our criminal." Olista smiled.
"Somebody has done a good job of cleaning up after him," replied Sallis. "I must wait until he strikes again, unless he's fled the city. For now, I'm trying to follow up on the murder."
"Probably all the work of the same man," said Olista.
"I'm convinced we're looking for two criminals," insisted Sallis with a grimace. "Did Senator Jarron have enemies?"
Olista stopped in surprise. "Are you serious? Every Senator has enemies."
They left the Coronation Building together and jogged down the wide stone steps.
"Enemies who would kill?"
"What are you getting at?"
"This plan to give more people the vote."
Olista blinked. "Extending the franchise is never popular with everybody," he replied. "There are always vested interests and always those who want to keep power in their own hands. But I doubt if anybody would kill over it."
"I suspect somebody did just that, sir."
Olista gave a dismissive sniff.
"What are your views on Jarron's proposal?"
Olista laughed. "A very polite way of asking how I voted in a secret ballot." His eyes hardened. "I was all in favor of extending the franchise and cast my vote accordingly. My constituency has many poorer people and I would always welcome a few extra votes."
"Somebody was violently against it," pointed out Sallis.
"A Senator would hire an assassin," countered Olista.
"No assassin killed Jarron," said Sallis. "Not one you'd pay for. Whoever killed him tried to stab him through the ribcage."
Olista shook his head. "Concentrate your efforts on the thief," he said. "I think you will find he is also the murderer."
"Well, thank you for helping, Senator."
As Sallis increased his pace to return to his lodgings, Olista stood still for a few moments, staring at the youngster's back. He wondered if he had done the right thing when he commissioned Sallis to hunt down their thief.
***
Chapter 9 - New Clues
Ulena woke Sallis as dawn broke over Marka. Sallis blinked a few times and stared out of his window towards the pyramid.
"There has been another theft," said Ulena. "A runner came from the Guard and waits outside."
Sallis threw his blanket aside and rolled off his bed. Ulena pretended not to watch as he struggled into breeches and pulled on a shirt. He snatched his jerkin from the chair while stamping feet into his boots.
"Hope they've left everything alone this time," he muttered. "What street?"
"It's outside the city," replied Ulena. "Not within the walls."
"Father's breath!" swore Sallis. "The man's about to run!"
"Probably already running," said Ulena, dryly.
"Tell Kerran to saddle Glyder," instructed Sallis, afraid his quarry might slip away.
"He's already doing that." Ulena smiled. "He has a nose for these things."
Sallis snatched his quarterstaff and sword and took the stairs two at a time on his way out. Kerran was tightening Glyder's girth strap as Sallis strode into the stable. A pair of blue faces peeped sleepily at them from the hayloft above.
"Thought you might be wanting him," said Kerran, even as Sallis led Glyder out from the stable.
Sallis smiled. "Thanks," he said. Outside, he turned to the Guard's messenger. "Need a lift?"
The man bared his teeth.
"I'll walk as far as the alley," he replied. "Got a horse of my own out there."
"Where's this theft?" asked Sallis, as the messenger mounted.
"One of the Senators has a villa 'bout a mila outside the South Gate," came the reply. "It happened there."
"Another killing?"
The man shook his head. "Nobody's said anything," he replied, "so I reckon not."
Sallis vaguely remembered passing the grounds of the villa on his way to Marka and, after riding out of the city, now looked at the place with increased interest.
The villa looked like an overgrown peasant hut, sprawling in several directions and with a stable block attached. The only remarkable thing was the high fence, which Sallis suspected had more to do with keeping wandering animals out than for security. He saw sylphs scurrying about, most with wilted earpoints, and men from the Guard stood beside the entrance.
Olista had already arrived and stood with a distinctly irate older man with gray hair and ginger mustaches.
"Took me years to acquire all that gold," the older man was saying, "and we slept through the whole damned thing. Me, both wives and the sylphs!"
The speaker glared at the nearest, who shrank away.
"Do your sylphs sleep in the stables too?" asked Sallis, after a sideways glance at the stable block.
"Don't be ridiculous." The older man turned to Olista. "You're letting these sprogs out younger and younger."
Olista smiled and inclined his head. "Sallis ti Ath, this is Senator Mermack. He is usually quite safe, I assure you. Mermack, this, ah, sprog, is Sallis ti Ath, the latest addition to our growing corps of bounty hunters."
"Bounty hunter, eh?" Mermack stuck his hand out. "Mermack Tarlan Yowver, at your service."
"I hope to be at yours," murmured Sallis, sliding off Glyder to shake hands. He turned to Olista. "This is our last chance to catch him; he's running now."
"You seem sure. Why not last week?"
"He wanted the hue and cry to die down after the killing and, if patrols were sent out, he wanted them to return."
Crallin, who had just left the villa, grimaced. "We sent patrols out; they returned the day before yesterday," he said. "Without knowing who or what they were supposed to find, they returned empty-handed."
Sallis smiled. "Thought so."
"So we could have been murdered in our beds?" demanded Mermack. He glared at his sylphs. "You bloody fools! Why didn't you wake and warn us?"
Some earpoints rose in indignation, but others wilted away. Silver and silver-gray eyes flashed in humiliation or anger, but not one offered an answer.
Sallis suddenly realized that these sylphs were embarrassed. All looked sleek and well looked after and he guessed they adored their owners. The impression he received from Pusila concerning her sylphs was one of benign neglect.
"Where did he get in?" asked Sallis.
"I'll show you." Mermack stumped along one wall and pointed to a window. "Through there. It doesn't lock properly and leads to my study."
Sallis nodded. "May I see inside?"
"If you must." Mermack harrumphed and blew out his mustaches. "Thought you were in a hurry, boy."
Sallis smiled. "Believe me," he replied, "I am."
Inside, Sallis's booted feet thumped along the marbled floor. Mermack waved a hand vaguely towards the left.
"We all sleep through there," he said. "The sylphs have their own room."
"Study's this way?"
Mermack nodded and led him within.
Sallis had grown used to the rich in Marka having libraries, but few books lined the walls here. One bookcase was pulled away from the wall, revealing a barred wall, very similar to the armory at Senator Jarron's villa. But here, someone had gouged the fixings that secured the bars into the ceiling and bent the bars away.
"We always kept the valuables in here," said Mermack. "We had thought of keeping them hidden in the library, but I decided this would be better."
"You have a separate library?" Sallis stared.
Mermack managed a brief smile. "My inventory tells me I have almost two thousand books," he informed Sallis. "The largest collection outside the city's library."
Sallis inclined his head. "I'm impressed. Where I come from, anything more than a shelf of books is a library." He pointed to the window. "But with respect, keeping your valuables in a room with a window you cannot lock properly is foolish."
"Lyrion was supposed to repair it," grumped Mermack. "And in fairness, we all thought he had. Lucky for the lad that this isn't the south. Besides, these damned bars are supposed to keep everything safe."
Sallis pulled a chair across and stood on it to reach the window set high in the wall. "The thief didn't get through this as easily as you think," he said.
"What's that boy up to?" Mermack demanded of Olista, who shrugged. He turned to Crallin.
"No idea, sir," said Crallin, his eyes on Sallis above him.
"You malign your sylph, sir." Sallis's voice drifted down. "This window was securely fixed and the latch has been forced."
"How do you know Lyrion's a sylph?" Mermack stared. "Wasn't you crawling through there in the night was it?"
"Just a guess. Ah!"
Sallis jumped off the chair and flourished a scrap of oiled wool. "Most thieves wrap themselves up in a cloak, so anything left behind if they do catch themselves on something is undistinguishable from the thousands of similar cloaks."
"You're telling me it could be any one of a thousand thieves?" Mermack turned back to Olista. "Boy's still wet."
Sallis ignored Mermack and smiled at Olista.
"Would you call on Pusila's family, Senator Olista? I'd love to hear their views on her late husband's proposals."
Olista frowned. "What has that got to do with this?"
"Everything. And I have another small favor to ask."
Olista waited.
"Lieutenant Vayburn found something on or in Senator Jarron's body. Will you please use your influence to get him to surrender it?"
Olista's eyes narrowed. "Why?"
"It will explain why our thief is running," said Sallis.
"What are you going to do?" demanded Crallin.
Sallis smiled and flourished the ragged piece of cloak again. "This belonged to the thief," he said. "Whether today, tomorrow or next week, I have him now."
He left the villa, leaving three confused men staring at each other.
***
Chapter 10 - Chasing
As always, the images burned in Sallis's mind. Images was not quite right, though. It was more a sense of knowing where the thief had passed. Either way, he knew where the man had been and his general direction. Sallis had no idea of his ultimate destination and intentions of course; knowing what was going to happen, as well as what already had, would be too much to handle.
This one, niggling sense alone almost fried his brain. He needed no more.
The thief had been crisscrossing around Mermack's villa for some days, but Sallis concentrated his attention on the freshest "tracks" that led south towards the forest.
He saw nothing on the ground. The skill didn't work that way, and nor did he know if the thief was on horseback or afoot. The freshest tracks burned brightest in his mind and nothing else interested him.
When Sallis first started using the Gift this way, tracks on tracks on tracks had initially confused him. Now that he had practiced for four years on Re Annan, he could easily sort through such problems. He barely noticed them today.
Nobody had ever got away; once Sallis had the scent, there was no escape except through death. Sallis had never killed a person before and prayed this thief would not be the first.
Sallis had already guessed this case had hidden depths, but he would get few answers until he had the thief in his custody.
"Before you go," interrupted Olista, "I think you had best return to your lodgings and get a change of clothes, in case the journey is longer than you plan for."
Sallis looked around in surprise.
"These things happen," smiled Olista. "And, when you leave the city, someone from the Guard will ride with you."
"I don't need -"
"Probably not." Steel lay under the silk of the Senator's voice. "But an extra sword can do no harm."
So an hour later, as Sallis ti Ath again rode out from Marka by the South Gate, he had an escort. And a change of clothes wrapped in his bedroll, together with sword and quarterstaff.
He twisted around to peer at Oston. The stocky man looked strange in ordinary clothes instead of his uniform. He had his sword strapped beside his saddle, rather than hanging from the pommel as Sallis preferred. His dark eyes glittered at his companion.
Sallis looked at Oston's mount, a black gelding with a reddish tint to mane and tail.
"Never knew you had a horse," he remarked.
"I don't," replied Oston, "he belongs to the Guard."
"What's his name?" asked Sallis. "Or do the Guard's horses only answer to numbers?"
"He's called Hammer," replied Oston.
"Oh, you name them after weapons, not numbers," Sallis grimaced. "Silly me."
Riding past the villa, Sallis quickly picked up the thief's tracks again and followed them, despite a fear that they might have somehow faded while he faffed about in the city. Oston stayed beside him, apparently content to ride in silence.
The thief's route burned brightly in Sallis's mind.
The brightness lessened abruptly and Sallis knew this meant that the thief had increased speed. Perhaps he'd hitched a lift or else had a horse hidden. A quick look around showed no horse had ever been secured here.
Sallis leaned forward and patted Glyder's long neck. "Time to give you a good run," he said, wishing he could increase the animal's movement through time.
But that skill only worked for him.
"Our friend has increased speed," Sallis told Oston.
"How do you know?"
Sallis gave no answer. He touched his heels to Glyder's flanks and the horse leapt forward. The bounty hunter watched the ground carefully, looking for any hint of a change, but saw none. He waited a few minutes, before slowing Glyder to a trot, then a walk.
Ten minutes later, he touched heels to flanks again.
They rode half a day that way: a few minutes at a gallop, twice that at a trot, twice that again walking, before repeating the cycle. As the time spent at a gallop grew less and less, Sallis knew the time to rest was upon them.
Finding a likely spot, Sallis gave Glyder a good rub, quickly checked his hooves, then set him free to graze and drink, after releasing some of the tack. Glyder had a gleam in his eye that suggested he might like to lose more tack, but Sallis ignored it. He watched Oston do the same for Hammer.
"Not used to horses, I see," remarked Sallis.
"Just out of practice," retorted Oston.
Sallis crouched and refilled both water bottles where a stream tumbled in a small waterfall over some rocks. He looked over his shoulder at Oston.
"Why did you come?" he asked.
"I like traveling," replied the shorter man, after encouraging Hammer to drink. "And I want to see how you catch these criminals. Not to mention waiting to see you fall."
"It's the falling you really want to see."
Oston gave the bounty hunter a venomous smile.
As the sun reached its meridian, they were ready to ride on.
Sallis mounted and patted Glyder's neck. "We'll let you walk and trot for a bit," he said. "Our man's on a cart, so he won't be moving too fast."
"How do you know that?" demanded Oston.
Sallis pointed to the soft dirt that formed a substantial part of the road. "Wheel ruts," he said. "Doesn't the Guard teach you to pay attention to everything around you?"
Oston glanced at the ruts and shrugged. "Used to the paved roads in the city," he replied, though a touch of respect edged his voice.
"Well, you'll be pleased to learn that we're gaining on our quarry."
"Good," replied Oston.
But disappointment lay ahead.
Turning a corner, Sallis's sense of brightness lessened again. The thief had increased his pace once more. Sallis looked around carefully and poked the ground beside the road.
"He had a horse hidden here," said Sallis. He leaned forward. "Hope you're up to this," he told Oston. "Now we've really got to work."
Neither horse showed any hint of complaint as Sallis and his companion touched heel to flank, and broke into a gallop yet again.
***
"Lo, driver!"
Sallis called to the carter, wanting to catch his attention and not surprise him. He had no idea how many carts had passed today, but felt certain this one had recently carried a passenger.
The man, somewhere in his middle years with graying hair, turned and immediately spotted Sallis. A piece of canvas covered a mound on the back of the cart.
"Have you carried someone today?" asked Sallis. "I'm trying to catch up."
"He said someone might be," growled the driver, before stopping himself. He eyed Oston suspiciously. "What's it to you?"
"My business is that of catching a criminal before he escapes from Marka," replied Sallis ti Ath.
"The man was pleasant enough to me," replied the driver. A dark blue gaze regarded their horses sardonically. "And the horse he's riding now will put those manky things into the ground in no time."
Sallis smiled. "Mayhap." The driver might think he had a good eye for horses, but at least Glyder was tougher than appearances suggested. If not exactly a racer.
"Smart chestnut beast he had," continued the driver. "A good few hands taller than yours I'd reckon. And fast."
"That does not mean his animal has good stamina," said Oston.
Sallis nodded. "Did he continue along this road?"
"Yes," replied the driver. He looked wary for some reason.
"Whatever the man paid you for your services is yours to keep," promised Sallis. "It's the man I'm after, not his hoard."
If anything, the driver looked even more concerned and his gaze flickered between Sallis and Oston.
"Bounty hunters," he muttered.
"Yes," answered Sallis. "A bounty hunter. But it's not you I'm after." He inclined his head. "Thank you for your help."
Sallis prodded Glyder into a semblance of a trot again and the carter was soon forgotten. Any hope that carter and thief might be the same man quickly faded. The trail was as bright as ever, but there was still no sign of his quarry.
"You sure we're still following?" growled Oston. "If you're leading me on a fool's chase..."
"We're still following," said Sallis, but his hope for a swift return to Marka had gone.
"Better get a move on," said Oston, "we must catch him soon."
"Patience," smiled Sallis. "No matter where this man runs to, he can't shake me off."
Oston gave a grunt of disbelief. Sallis ignored the other man's skepticism and hoped the thief was equally ignorant of his skills. He would show them both the truth.
***
Chapter 11 - Istwan
Sallis looked about him at the town and laughed at himself.
"What's so funny?" demanded Oston.
Both men had slowed their animals to a walk and dismounted at the city gates. After a cursory glance, the single guard let them pass.
"Me thinking of this place as a middling town." Sallis shook his head. "It's probably as large as Leynx."
"Leynx?" A frown furrowed Oston's brow.
"Not too long ago I gaped in awe at a city like this." Little wonder Elvallon had laughed at him.
Reminded of Elvallon's rejection of him, Sallis's dark eyes narrowed. And unless he wanted to suffer that feeling again, he had better catch this criminal quickly. Oston had openly admitted he had come along to watch him fall.
Sallis wanted to show him different.
The town was pleasant enough, with no sign of beggars or filth, beyond the expected horse droppings littering the streets. People moved purposefully about their business, entering and leaving shops, or inspecting goods and haggling over price. Stalls and carts lined one street, selling food of every description.
Sylphs moved easily through the crowds, finding it easy to twist and duck past people without resorting to pushing. Sallis reckoned they easily outnumbered humans everywhere he had traveled on the mainland. In comparison, Re Annan had hardly any sylphs.
When he sent some to his father, they would help work his farm and his parents would not feel obliged to reduce their main source of income.
But that must wait for now.
Having no intention of catching his quarry today, Sallis looked for and soon found a suitable inn.
"Now this is a habit I recommend," announced Oston, in tones of deep satisfaction.
The Hooded Falcon gave the appearance of warmth and comfort, with its drinking rooms on the lowest floor. A few men sat inside, with two bored-looking infertile sylphs waiting on.
"Can I help, donenulya?" asked one.
"We'd like a room for the night," replied Sallis.
The sylph bobbed her head and disappeared into a back room.
"Thought you wanted our man," whispered Oston. "Thought we come in here to wet our whistles."
"Our man's going nowhere today," replied Sallis.
Their brief conversation came to a halt when the sylph returned with a human woman in tow.
"We're looking for a room, just for tonight," repeated Sallis, "and a stall for our horses." He flipped a fat silver coin across his knuckles and back again.
Hazel eyes stared at the coin, and seemed to know its worth at a glance.
"Can do that, sirs," she replied. "My name is Ranessa. Welcome to The Hooded Falcon, where rooms are clean and comfortable. And the ale better." She took in their appearance. "And the best hot tubs in Istwan."
Sallis managed a smile. "That sounds good," he replied.
Oston grunted agreement.
Ranessa looked over her shoulder. "Fessan, show the masters to their room." One of the sylphs inclined her head. "Mellan, go tell Yadder to put their horses in the best stalls." The other sylph dashed away. "And to clean their tack!" Ranessa shouted at the sylph's back.
"Donenulya, if you would follow me?"
Sallis smiled at the other infertile. "Lead on."
Fessan scampered upstairs, staying three steps ahead of the humans and making a point of ignoring their swords, probably disapproving of weapons. Several doors hemmed in a dingy corridor, lit by a solitary light crystal. The sylph unlocked one of the doors and pushed it open. She waited for Sallis and Oston to enter before following them in.
Sallis glanced at the two beds and wash stand. The room was certainly clean and airy and, more importantly, the beds looked comfortable.
"Somebody mentioned hot baths," said Oston.
Fessan bobbed her head again. "Give me an hour, donenya," she said. "I will knock on your door when the baths are ready for you."
***
Ranessa may or may not have lied about her baths being the best in Istwan, but Sallis wanted to relax in his all day and Oston seemed in no hurry to climb out again.
"I think my legs have taken on the shape of that saddle," groaned Oston, "and my rear feels even worse."
"Saddle sore?" asked Sallis. "Your father clearly didn't beat you often enough as a child. You're soft."
Oston launched himself out from his tub. He toweled himself and dressed quickly.
"Feels good to be clean again," he said, running a hand across freshly shaved cheeks. "What now?"
"We'll go and find where our thief has taken residence," replied Sallis. "And just in case he decides to leave, we'll keep an eye on the two gates until they're locked for the night."
"He might have already left."
"Perhaps. But if I was running and wanted to stay ahead of any pursuit, I'd leave a walled town like this just before the gates are due to close. However, I think our friend will rest tonight."
Oston grunted, but respect flickered in his dark eyes. "He'll flee if he realizes we've followed him here."
Sallis smiled. "Undoubtedly. He might have decided that after sending one lot of patrols, the Guard will now think he never left Marka at all and concentrate their search in the city."
"But we know different." Oston grinned. "I hope."
"If I'm wrong, your wish to see me fall will be granted. Either way, you win."
The men locked their room, returned downstairs, and left the inn by the back door, using the excuse of wanting to check their horses.
A sylph boy, still well short of maturity, stood at a bench where he polished their leather tack. He smiled a welcome as he glanced over his shoulder, but an older human stepped forward to greet them.
"You must be Yadder," said Sallis.
The stablehand nodded. "That's me. Your animal is in there. And yours is here."
Sallis followed the man's nod and looked into the stall where Glyder happily munched oats. He shook his head in greeting as Sallis stepped into the stall, but his nose stayed in the feeding trough. Sallis quickly checked each hoof, just in case.
Yadder smiled. "Already done that," he said, while Sallis worked, "but it's always good to see a man check over his own horse."
Sallis patted Glyder's flank. "He's a good lad," he replied. "The least he deserves. Is there a way onto the street from here?"
"Sure, this way."
"Coming, Oston?" asked Sallis.
Oston looked up from Hammer. "Yes. Now we're here, why not look around?"
Once in the alley behind the inn, Sallis swung his long brown cloak over his shoulders, but kept the hood down. "The thief is somewhere in the city. Let's find out where he's been before we watch the gates. Can you walk all right?"
Oston nodded. "I'm not that sore," he replied.
Sallis retraced his steps until he picked up the trail again. Istwan only had two gates, so Sallis knew in moments that his quarry remained somewhere in the city. He resisted the temptation to follow the trail to its end, wanting to check everything first.
Now he must take even more care than before. One clumsy move could lead to the thief's escape.
"We can take him tonight," said Oston. "He's got nowhere to run once the gates are locked."
"You're thinking like a Guardsman," countered Sallis.
"Got some news for you, I am a Guardsman."
"I noticed." Sallis grinned. "Best to capture the target outside the city."
"Why?"
"Much less fuss that way," replied Sallis. "We don't want to draw too much attention to ourselves when we take him. Thought so: the trail leads to what I suspect is a depository."
Oston stared at the building before them and eyed the lettering carved into the door lintel.
"Now I know you can read," he remarked. "Surprised they teach you how on your little island."
"You might be surprised what they teach us on our 'little island'," retorted Sallis. He pretended to give Oston a closer inspection. "Or perhaps not."
"One day, you will be taught a lesson you won't soon forget," promised Oston.
Sallis gave the older man a tolerant smile. "When we have our man, I suppose the Guard will send riders to recover what they can."
"They might try," replied Oston. "More likely, the valuables are now sold and this depository has the coin instead."
"True," admitted Sallis.
The trail led between the depository and a couple of goldsmiths, where he noted still more sylphs at work. These belonged to the goldsmiths, their nimble fingers working on jewelry.
Sallis had no real interest in whatever the thief had stolen; recovering that was the City Guard's problem. All he wanted was the thief.
"Now where are we going?" asked Oston.
"Let's find where our man's staying," replied Sallis.
The trail led to a residential area within the walls, with maintained and neatly painted buildings hemming in the road. Not quite rich, but not exactly poor either.
"Behind this terrace," said Sallis.
Both men walked along the alley as if they belonged there. Sallis felt the thrill of the chase surge as he sensed his target's proximity.
"This alley's wider than most," remarked Oston.
Sallis paused at the back of some stables. "Intentionally so," he replied. "From the marks, they bring carriages along here quite regularly."
"Is this it?" asked Oston.
Sallis nodded. "Can't see in," he muttered. "Doesn't matter, this is the place."
"Where you going now?" complained Oston, as Sallis straightened and returned to the road again. They walked slowly past the front of the terrace.
"He's in that house," whispered Sallis.
"Perhaps this is where he lives."
"Doubtful."
"Impress me."
They continued walking and Sallis finally spoke. "He will deposit his stolen goods in a different town from where he lives. If anyone follows him, he does not want them to know where he's from."
"You've followed him," pointed out Oston. "If he's really here."
"I used the Gift," replied Sallis. "And he's really here."
Sallis realized he dealt with a man almost as careful as himself. The thief still expected someone to follow, but he clearly felt safe. The only thing his quarry had overlooked was the possibility of someone Gifted being set on his tail.
But the thief had never dealt with anybody like Sallis before.
"Right, we split up and go to the gates."
"What if he leaves?" asked Oston.
"Then we follow in the morning. You take the north end and I'll take the south."
"We've never seen him, so how will I recognize him? I'm not Gifted."
"Unfortunately." Sallis grinned. "Perhaps Senator Olista will rectify his omission next time he wants to send a chaperone. Keep an eye out for a tall chestnut horse and tell me later if you've seen one leave."
"He's running south; that's the gate he'll leave by."
"Yes," replied Sallis, "which is why you've got the north gate. I'm the bounty hunter and no plodder from the Guard is about to steal my reward money."
Oston almost snarled. "I hope he cracks your head," he said, before stalking away towards his allocated gate.
Sallis grinned and headed the opposite direction. He walked casually and hoped nobody would think he was out of place. Even Istwan had a Guard and he had no wish to become one of its customers. Something else caught his attention before he had walked a couple of streets and he thought it was well worth the distraction.
Sallis had always known such places existed. He had walked past the entrances of those in Taura, Calcan and, more recently, Marka, but he had never before actually seen sylphs for sale. Twice as wide as the average shop he had seen in Istwan, about twenty sylphs sat in front of the flesh market.
Each wore a simple tunic of undyed wool and crouched or sat on mats. They appeared far from unhappy; erect earpoints twitched contentedly and silver-gray eyes shone with the joy of living.
The mats looked comfortable and earpoints twitched further upright whenever somebody walked past. Sallis blinked, seeing each sylph had a manacle clamped around one ankle, from which a chain led to a ring set in the wall. They sat in silence, perhaps unsurprising in a taciturn species, but looked eager whenever somebody came near.
The watching Sallis felt deeply uncomfortable.
His native Re Annan had some sylphs, and Sallis assumed they must be chattels, but there was no market on the island. Anybody who wanted a sylph must travel at least as far as Re Taura.
Did Lyssan begin life like this? Do they all pass through this abomination?
The infertiles began to take notice of him. Heads turned and earpoints slanted his way, silver eyes looking hopeful and solemn all at once. Sallis watched a man leave the shop and stare towards him.
"Is young sir looking for a sylph?" he asked.
Sallis crossed the road.
"Two males and two females," he replied. "Breeder females, not infertiles. And they'll be going offshore."
The man looked disappointed. For that matter, the sylphs looked disappointed.
"I see," he said, after a long pause. He glanced at the infertiles and his gaze appeared genuinely sympathetic. "I only have infertiles. Breeders only come to my market when somebody gets their litters confused. And never males."
"Litters confused?" asked Sallis.
The man shrugged. "Some breeders are born as triplets and are often assumed to be infertiles. By the time anyone spots the mistake, it's usually too late. Quite a few folk end up with a breeder instead of an infertile."
"So long as I end up with breeders and not infertiles," replied Sallis.
"Try Marka," suggested the man, "larger city, two days north-ish. Retel's stud has got a good reputation; they never get their litters confused. When you say offshore, where exactly do you have in mind?"
"Re Annan."
The man pursed his lips and shook his head. "Buy them at the port nearest Re Annan," he said. "Sylphs do not usually enjoy traveling overseas."
"Then why does every ship have a sylph of its own?"
"There are always exceptions, but sylphs generally don't like wide, open spaces. They don't come much more open or wider than the sea. You say you want male and female sylphs? I recommend you try stud farms, but even then you'll be lucky if you find a single male for sale, never mind two. I'm not saying it never happens, but you'll be lucky."
"All right, I'll try in Calcan, or in Taura."
"You do that, young sir." The man smiled. "Much better for the sylphs' welfare that way. Keep the traveling right down."
Sallis smiled at the infertiles. They really were quite endearing and that one, with eyes huge in her face, was on the verge of melting his heart... He dragged his gaze away. "Why are they chained?" he asked. "Afraid they might run away?"
"No," replied the trader. "Afraid they might be stolen."
Moving on, Sallis circled around the street where the thief had taken refuge, certain he had not stirred from the house. Finally reaching his destination, he loitered until the men on duty shut and barred the gate for the night.
Satisfied the thief would go nowhere tonight, he returned to The Hooded Falcon. When Oston rejoined him, it would be time to eat.
But he couldn't push the sylph-market from his thoughts.
***
Chapter 12 - Taken
Sallis and Oston ate their breakfast of oatcakes slowly, pausing to sip at alovak. As the only guests, Fessan and Mellan fussed incessantly over them. Had they enough to eat? Was the alovak brewed to their taste? Might they not like to stay another night? Had they slept well?
The questions came out in the wrong order, which suggested a level of inexperience. Or perhaps the sylphs had been expected to learn them, but in no particular order. Ranessa eventually chased them out of the dining room when she saw their persistent questions bothered Oston.
"I'm sorry, sir," she apologized, "but they are still learning."
"Thought you might be experienced at the innkeeping game by now," muttered Oston.
Ranessa laughed. "Both my maids married last year, which hasn't happened before. The other inns report that sylphs work well, so I bought two at the same time. Decided to give 'em a try."
"Where do you buy your sylphs from?" asked Sallis, a thought coming to him.
"The market in town here, it has a good reputation," replied Ranessa.
"And the lad in the stable?"
"Guyle? We borrowed him from my brother, who runs a stud outside Cadister. The lad showed an aptitude for horses, so we've borrowed him until I can get another stableboy. Sadly, he's got to go home soon. If I could, I'd keep him."
Sallis had stopped listening after the first sentence. So the flesh-trader had not lied. "Well, I think your sylphs do work well," he said.
"I've not heard any complaints," said Ranessa.
Once they finished their breakfast, Sallis thanked Ranessa again before following Oston to the stables. Yadder had already saddled both horses and their tack shone. The ostler had just led Glyder out and the horse tossed his head as Yadder petted him.
"Fickle beast," grumbled Sallis.
Yadder laughed. "A real friendly horse," he said. "Been a pleasure to look after him. Both of them."
Sallis doubted if Hammer had been as friendly to look after, though the black gelding was no warhorse.
"Thank you," said Sallis, and pressed a few silver pennies into Yadder's hand.
"No need for that." Yadder looked embarrassed. "It's all in the fee Ranessa charged."
"Keep them," smiled Sallis. "It's for looking after Glyder and a little something for Guyle as thanks for his work on the tack."
Sallis suspected the sylph would see none of the coins.
"Well, thank you, sir," said Yadder.
They left the stable and Oston's eyes narrowed. "What are you doing now?"
"You are one suspicious character," complained Sallis, as he mounted Glyder. "How did you end up in the Guard?"
"It's my job to be suspicious." Oston sniffed and took two attempts to clamber onto Hammer's back. "And I'm still waiting to see you fall."
"Well, let's take a little jaunt to make sure our friend is still in the city," said Sallis. "Just in case he's an early riser."
Oston grinned. "And if he's gone?"
"Then we follow."
Sallis rode quietly back to the terrace and paused at the end of the street.
"He's still there," said Sallis, pleased.
"How do you know?" demanded Oston.
Sallis shook his head. "You still don't believe what I can do," he said. "It doesn't matter. He's still in there because there are no fresh tracks to follow. He hasn't left that house since yesterday."
"He will sooner or later," said Oston.
"Unless he's stupid enough to live in the same town he banks in. Dangerous, given his profession."
"I still think that's his house," said Oston. "Maybe we should pay him a visit."
Sallis shrugged. "I doubt it. It might belong to a friend or relative. This is the first reasonable size town out of Marka and somewhere for him to hide. And when we do take him, we want no unwelcome attention from the authorities here, so there will be no calling on the house."
"Will we follow him out of the city?" asked Oston, eager for some action.
"No. We'll wait for him outside the gates."
Oston said nothing, but a raised eyebrow betrayed a lack of enthusiasm for this plan.
Less than an hour later, the men left the city, weapons in place and hoods pulled forward to hide their faces.
"They'll remember the hoods, but not the faces," Sallis said, when Oston tried to argue.
"One of us should keep an eye on the other gate," said Oston.
"He's headed south."
"He might pull a turnaround. See it happen all the time."
"He might," agreed Sallis, "but how will we communicate to each other without him hearing us?"
"Well, you'll be wasting time if he does head north again."
"I can catch him again," insisted Sallis. "It doesn't matter how far or how long he runs. Until I touch him, I can sense where he's been and follow him anywhere in the world. He'll leave Istwan, probably immediately before the gates close, and we'll be waiting for him... in there."
Oston stared at the forest that stood perhaps a mila or so outside the city walls. "You've done this before," he said.
"Of course."
"You're taking a gamble," Oston warned.
"An informed guess," retorted Sallis.
Oston followed as Sallis rode into the forest and turned off the road. The men ensured their animals were comfortable, kept swords and staff within easy reach, and waited.
And waited...
As the sun reached its meridian, Sallis pulled free some of the provisions he'd bought in the town and shared them with Oston. The older man was so skeptical of the plan that even Sallis began to wonder if he'd guessed wrong.
After eating, Oston insisted that Sallis make a circuit around Istwan, certain that the thief had left the city through the other gate. Sallis eventually agreed, mostly to appease his companion, but also because his companion was putting doubts into his young mind.
Oston wanted to come with him, but Sallis insisted he stayed to keep an eye on this gate. Sallis set off, but didn't return to the city, instead moving around outside the walls, staying in the forest where possible to avoid prying eyes.
"Nothing," he told Oston, when he returned. "And I'm not going around again. Anybody leave while I was gone?"
"No lone horsemen," replied Oston. "A merchant caravan and two farmers."
Sallis knew his quarry had not left Istwan, else he would have picked up tracks.
"Is he leaving today?" Oston questioned. "Will we be sleeping here tonight?"
Sallis looked back to the town. "He'll leave, he must, or else he would have been caught years ago."
"Maybe." Oston could not keep disbelief from his voice.
The day wore on, and eventually a cluster of farm carts trundled out of Istwan, soon breaking away from the road proper to return to their farms. Sallis stared at the gates in frustration. They would close soon. He glanced left, where the sun already hung low in the sky.
"He's not coming out," announced Oston, in tones of deep satisfaction.
"Why have you stayed in there?" demanded Sallis aloud, trying to understand the thief's motives. "Why? You know the Guard will realize you've fled the city. You know they'll send bounty hunters."
"Maybe another bounty hunter has taken him," said Oston. He laughed. "When I said I wanted to see you fall, I didn't think it would be as good as this. Face it, Vayburn was right when he said you should join the Guard. You might be middling, eventually."
"No other bounty hunter shares my skills," insisted Sallis. Surely Sandev would have told him if any did share his abilities. But he had not checked their backtrail after leaving Marka, so what if other hunters had followed him?
A sobering thought.
One of the men on duty stepped out from the town to look along the road. Satisfied that nobody waited to come in, he looked over his shoulder and gestured.
Sallis stiffened. "This looks interesting," he said. "Get ready to move."
Oston ground his teeth as a solitary figure left the city, riding a tall chestnut horse. "You're not going to let me live this down, are you?"
Sallis grinned. "No."
"Sure it's him?"
"The horse is the right color," replied Sallis, "but we must wait for him to pass before I can be certain."
"So you're not sure?"
"It's him," said Sallis, "but I must be certain. Unlike the others, I believe in justice."
"Clever devil," muttered Oston, referring to the rider of the chestnut.
By leaving the city so late, the thief had guaranteed any pursuit would be holed up inside until dawn.
"Patience pays off every time," remarked Sallis. "His is a good trick, but not good enough."
"That's the same horse, you reckon?" asked Oston.
"Yes, definitely. He pushed so hard after leaving the carter that he needed to rest it."
"You're too clever for your own good."
Sallis ignored Oston's sour grumping. "We have another advantage," he said. "Our man won't travel far tonight, it'll be dark soon. He'll bed down close to us. We have him, Oston, we have him."
Oston grunted. "When he's back in Marka, then we'll have him," he replied.
***
Sallis had guessed right twice. As the rider passed them, Sallis walked across his trail and nodded to himself. The rider was the thief, just as predicted. Even better, the thief quickly found a good spot in the forest to spend the night. And he did not bother lighting a fire.
Sallis watched the thief roll himself in his cloak, noted where the man had secured his horse, and crept back to Oston in the gathering darkness.
"You can stay here and keep an eye on the horses," said Sallis.
"I'm coming with you," retorted Oston, "and the horses can look after themselves. They won't go anywhere."
Sallis eyed Oston's bulk. "Hope you can move quietly," he said. "Specially you being a city boy."
Oston bared his teeth. "Lead on, sheepherder child."
They moved forward in silence and Oston followed his companion's lead when Sallis crouched on his heels, scabbard pushed out behind him. He had left his quarterstaff behind. Sallis kept one hand on the short rope he always carried for catching criminals. One end was fashioned into two loops, joined by a tightening knot.
The thief was cloaked in a similar way to Sallis, hood pulled well forward for extra warmth. The night was cool and Sallis wished for some way to keep warm himself without giving his position away. Oston's hot breath was suddenly beside his ear.
"Surprise is on your side in the first hour after he beds down." Oston's voice was so quiet that Sallis could barely hear it. "That's when sleep is deepest."
Sallis nodded, turned his head and put a finger to his lips. Oston fell silent. Sallis knew it was also the time when the horse was least likely to make a fuss. It would still be used to people moving around.
Or had the animal been trained to sound a warning?
Sallis's heart pounded as excitement coursed through his veins. Darkness deepened and Sallis's eyes adjusted to the dark. He hoped Oston could see as well as he could.
Finally satisfied the thief was asleep, Sallis touched Oston's arm. They crept closer, taking care not to tread on any twigs, sweeping each foot across the ground before putting it down.
Not for the first time, Sallis wished he had a sylph's eyesight and could see even better in the dark. He also wished Oston had stayed behind. This could still go wrong.
A gentle snore reached his ears and Sallis smiled. The tall chestnut stamped a hoof before stilling again. Did horses dream, or was the animal still awake?
The horse made no more noise.
Closer.
Sallis paused. A mound lay before him and the gentle snoring came from that. Useful, because the noise pinpointed which end was the head. Sallis silently drew his sword and poked the thief with a foot.
The man sat up in surprise and half rolled.
The chestnut must have finally heard something, because it woke and let out one whinny. It also grew restless and began stamping feet and tossing its head.
Sallis ignored the horse and forced his voice as low as possible.
"Hold," he growled, "or I'll kill you where you lie." He touched the thief with his sword, just to let the man know he really had one.
"Who are you?" demanded the thief, recovering some composure.
"The bounty hunter sent to bring you to justice."
"For what reason?" Even as he spoke, the man moved carefully away from Sallis, edging back from the sword.
"For theft," replied Sallis.
From somewhere behind the thief, Oston spoke. "And stop moving, or we'll take you back to Marka dead."
There was a squeak of fright, which Sallis hoped came from the thief.
"Move your head and you'll lose it." Oston's blade was now pressed against the thief's neck. Sallis prayed there would be no accidents involving slipped steel and severed neck arteries.
"Never been to Marka in my life." The man had stopped moving.
Sallis chuckled and almost forgot to lower his voice. "We followed you here from Marka."
"I'm innocent. You're just after easy money."
Sallis threw the looped rope at the thief. "Slide your wrists into that," he commanded.
"What?"
"Do it."
Sallis heard the rope being slipped into place. In one movement, he leaned forward, grabbed hold of the running end of the rope and pulled the loops tight.
"Ow."
"You should have thought of that before thieving," said Sallis, unsympathetically.
"Where are you taking me?"
"To Marka."
"Now?" The thief sounded incredulous.
"I'm going to tie you to the same tree as your horse," Sallis told him. "And in the morning, we're returning to Marka."
Sallis used the rest of the rope to tie his prisoner in place.
"Now what?" demanded the thief.
"A gag if you don't go to sleep," warned Sallis. "Sweet dreams."
***
Chapter 13 - Reluctant Captive
In full daylight, the thief stared at Oston and distaste twisted his mouth.
"Why did you come all this way?"
Oston smiled, an unpleasant sight, intentionally unfriendly. "I'm just a mere representative of Marka's Guard." He jerked a thumb towards Sallis. "He's the bounty hunter."
The thief's blue eyes flashed in humiliation. "Just a boy!"
The "boy" grunted. This was not the first criminal to be surprised at his tender age, and he suspected the man would give trouble until shown precisely what Sallis could do. Some needed that demonstration.
"And you think you'll take me back to Marka?" The thief struggled against his bonds, but they held firm.
Dark eyes expressionless, Sallis walked up to the thief and put as much swagger into it as he could. Though Sallis was taller and possibly wider, the thief carried more weight and had greater physical strength.
"I know how to use this," Sallis flourished the sword, "and this." He hefted his quarterstaff. It was his turn to point with a thumb. "And the Guardsman is just as capable." He resisted mentioning who had bested whom with the sword. Despite the urge to tweak Oston's nose, they must show a united front right now.
"I've got no idea why you picked on me, but once I'm free from these bonds, I'll give you the hiding of your life. I've never been near Marka."
Sallis almost smiled. "If I'm due the hiding of my life, that's reason enough to keep you bound. And as for the other... I know where you've come from. I followed you here."
"How?"
"I am Gifted."
"I don't believe you." The thief turned his clear gaze to Oston.
"He's Gifted," confirmed Oston.
Sallis almost ground his teeth, but instead managed a smile.
"Believe what you like," he said, "but you're going to face justice in Marka."
The thief laughed. "You'll never prove anything. It's my word against yours."
"More than that," replied Sallis. "I know where you deposited your ill-gotten gains and the relevant Markan authorities will send riders to recover what they can. Once the goods are retrieved, you are tied to Marka."
"You could have deposited them yourself," protested the captive. "Or bought them from the real thief."
"I'm certain there are plenty of witnesses to point you out, if necessary," interrupted Oston. "And you were seen on your job before last."
"Job before last?" The thief's eyes widened in sudden fear.
"You know what we're talking about." Sallis let his voice drop to a whisper and he leaned forward. "Marka's City Guard is very eager to make your acquaintance. It's why I'm not alone."
Oston bared his teeth, again in an unfriendly smile.
"It wasn't me!"
"I followed you here," said Sallis. "I can demonstrate the skill I used to get here and locate you to any number of people. I have a witness in my companion, who also doubts - or doubted - my abilities. We can link you to all the thefts from the deposits you made here, and I know those who own the depositories can and will identify you. You must be known to them in order to have an account."
"Most of it was melted down for coin."
"Much of it was already coin," countered Sallis.
"You say I was seen," said the thief.
Oston pretended to pay no attention, but Sallis knew he listened to every word, eager to find out if Sallis's theory held any truth.
"A silent witness." Sallis smiled again. "You know who I mean."
"I did no murder," protested the other man. "I'm a thief, not a killer!"
"But you saw who did commit the murder."
The man finally looked away and Sallis knew he had won.
"Yes," he whispered, "but they'll never believe me. Who will take my word?"
"Not me," said Oston. "Nor anybody else in Marka."
"The difference between me and everybody else," said Sallis, "is that I know you're not the killer."
The man's eyes glittered. "Then why all this teasing? Why threaten me?"
"I could release you and ride away," said Sallis. "Easiest thing in the world to do. But I have no reason to tell lies. You're a criminal and you must face justice for the crimes you committed."
"They'll never believe me," protested the thief. "I'll get my neck stretched for a crime that's nothing to do with me. You should ride away and leave me in peace. If you genuinely believe in justice, that is."
"So I return to Marka, empty-handed. They'll send someone else instead to get you. They will. Not only are you charged with theft, but also murder. The next bounty hunter probably only wants money, so he'll return with your head and leave the rest of you to rot in a field somewhere. Or he might take you back alive, see you found for murder, and your life ends as you choke on hemp."
"And why are you different?"
Sallis smiled. "I'm different because I know the truth. But to see the true killer brought to justice, I need you."
"Why would I help you?"
"Because you face a simple choice. You either spend the rest of your life looking over your shoulder, never knowing when they'll catch up with you, or you return with us, pay your debt and live the rest of your life a free man."
The thief laughed. Not in relief, but a full, mocking laugh. He shook his head.
Sallis shrugged. "As you wish. But you're still coming to Marka."
"Something I'd like to know," interrupted Oston. "You waited for days outside the city; you waited for the patrols sent to hunt you down to return to Marka. Yet you stupidly committed yet another theft. Why?"
Sallis leaned forward, interested to learn the answer.
The thief shook his head. "Thought I might have another day or so. But my family is in debt and I didn't have quite enough to pay those debts off. There's nowhere worth robbing between Marka and Istwan, so I had no choice." He sighed. "The depositories I use are in Istwan, so I'd be playing a dangerous game thieving here."
"Did you get enough coin to pay off your debts?"
"Not my debts," replied the other. "My family's debt. There's enough to set them free."
Oston nodded and exchanged a look with Sallis. "Once we recover what's rightfully others' property, I think you'll need more money again."
The thief lifted his bound hands and stared at Sallis. "Now you know I'm not the killer, will you unbind me?"
It was Sallis's turn to laugh.
"Not a chance," he replied.
***
Chapter 14 - Returning To Marka
"If I fall, I'll be dragged," complained the thief, mounted on his chestnut horse.
Sallis looked over his shoulder. Glyder led the chestnut, but the rope stretched from the captive's bound wrists to the back of Glyder's saddle. The man spoke truthfully, but Sallis had no intention of freeing the thief's hands.
"Then don't fall off," replied Sallis. "You seem a good enough rider to me."
Oston snorted with laughter.
The man ignored Oston and his eyes narrowed. "What's your name, boy?"
"Sallis ti Ath."
Silence stretched between them.
"Sounds like you're off one of the islands."
"I am."
"Which one?"
"Does it matter?" Sallis looked over his shoulder. "I live in Marka now, so if you're already planning your revenge, that's where you'll find me."
"That doesn't seem to bother you."
"You're right. I hear threats all the time. Like I already told you, I know how to use my weapons."
"Weapons won't save you from everybody, boy."
Sallis shrugged.
"You caught me unawares. When I return the favor, I'll gut you like a trout, boy." The thief moved forward.
"Keep that line taut," urged Sallis. "Or I'll tie you to that horse like I would a sack, thief."
"Not big on names, are you boy?"
Sallis laughed. "Neither are you, thief. At least you have the courtesy of mine. Not that I'm interested, but I don't know your name."
"I might share it if I knew the fat man's name too."
Oston, solid rather than fat, gave the thief a look that hinted at violence. "I'm Oston," he growled.
"How nice. A thief-taker with one name. Didn't you know either parent, plump one?"
"Now you know our names," interrupted Sallis ti Ath, before Oston's temper frayed.
The thief grimaced and finally nodded. "Kein Sofren."
"Sounds like someone never knew his father," said Oston, from one side.
Kein smiled. "You hold part of your name back, I hold part of my name back. Of course I knew my father."
Whatever the truth, the lack of a middle name was none of Sallis's business, so he passed no comment.
"You might not feel the same, but I'm pleased to meet you, Kein," he said.
Kein snorted. "You're right, the feeling's not mutual."
They rode on in silence for a few minutes.
"So what brought you to the continent?" asked Kein.
Sallis saw no harm in answering. "Not enough criminals to hunt where I come from. Sometimes a sheep-stealer, the occasional escaped prisoner. As with many other things, crime is more popular on the mainland."
"And you're practicing on me."
"You could say that."
"Are you going to keep me bound all the way to Marka?"
"Yes I am," answered Sallis. "You were hard enough to catch first time round."
Kein laughed. "Not hard enough."
"Before we reach Marka, you're going to tell me exactly what you saw the job before last."
"Am I?" Kein's laugh held more derision than humor. "And if I don't? You're going to torture me?"
"Of course not," replied Sallis, a touch of offense in his tone. "What do you take me for? If you decide you don't want to tell me, I'll let them hang you for murder."
Sallis did not look over his shoulder, but he sensed Kein's blue gaze boring into him. Neither did he look at Oston.
"Think about it," continued Sallis. "We've got a day or so before we reach Marka."
"I might escape in that time," said Kein.
Sallis said nothing to that, but rode on in silence.
***
Despite Kein's threat to escape, he gave no trouble during their first stop, more to rest the horses than for human benefit, but Sallis was in no particular hurry. He had his man and Marka was not too far to travel.
"So tell me," said Sallis passing some food to his prisoner, "what's the chestnut called?"
"What?" Kein's brow furrowed.
"Your horse. Surely he has a name?"
"Strider," replied the thief, confused.
"A good animal." Sallis nodded. "Be a shame if he lost his owner to a rope. All because he wouldn't say who he saw commit a murder."
"I still don't know whether to trust you."
Sallis shook his head. "You'll have to. I'm the only one who truly believes you're innocent of murder. The Guard reckon Senator Jarron caught you in the act of burglarizing his villa and you killed him to escape."
"And I believe you are guilty of murder," added Oston.
Sallis continued. "Only I know you are innocent of that."
Kein's eyes narrowed. "How can you be so sure?"
"Because I can see it. But I have no witnesses." Sallis hoped the other did not notice his blush. Deviousness did not come easily and his slight dishonesty on this subject ran against his principles.
"Why should I help you?"
"Because they'll stretch your neck if you don't."
Oston nodded agreement.
Kein held his bound wrists up. "This rope shows you don't trust me. If you don't trust me, how can you believe me?"
"Because my trusting you doesn't matter. When we reach Marka, you'll need me to keep you alive and that is why you should help. As for trust... Well, we're not in Marka yet. You might decide freedom is better than prison." Sallis smiled. "And you don't fully realize exactly what I'm capable of."
"This rope also makes eating difficult. Not to mention other things."
"But you can function, so stop complaining."
Kein changed the subject. "So how long will I get for theft?"
Oston smiled. "They might give you hard labor for ten years or so."
"Ten years?" squeaked Kein. "I'll take the rope."
"They'll offer the alternative if you ask nicely enough," replied Oston, calmly.
Sallis interrupted. "You help me catch Jarron's real killer and you should get a shorter sentence. Or possibly exile."
"How much did they offer you to bring me in?" asked Kein. "I could use a smart boy like you. Yes, me and you, working together, we could take on the world."
"I get paid the same whether I bring you in for theft, or bring you in for theft and murder. Difference is, I know you're innocent of murder."
Oston grunted, still unconvinced.
"So nobody will pay you for catching the murderer." A smile flickered around Kein's mouth.
Sallis shrugged. "Nobody else believes they're looking for two people."
"Working for free is for slaves, boy. I see no silver eyes on you, nor yet earpoints."
"It'll make the Guard consider me before any other bounty hunter." Sallis snapped his mouth shut. He had said too much already.
"So, working in the hope of future reward. They win over reluctant sylphs like that. Dangle the offer of choca and they'll do anything."
"If you're not careful," came Sallis's dry reply, "the only dangling will be coming from you."
Kein's blue eyes narrowed. "Think you're a proper comedian don't you? Boy."
"Well," said Sallis, abruptly straightening, "you obviously need more time to think. Time to move on."
***
"He won't share," said Oston, leaning closer to Sallis to stop his words reaching Kein.
"He wants to live," replied Sallis. "He'll share."
"Why should you care? Either way, you get your reward."
"It's not just about reward," retorted Sallis. "You can use any bounty hunter if you're only interested in doling out rewards. I thought you people were about justice."
Oston grinned. "Crallin's the moral man," he countered. "I'm about wages and putting food on my table."
"And I'm about justice," insisted Sallis. "I won't see an innocent man hang."
Oston nodded, face expressionless. "How noble of you. But what if he is the killer?"
"Jarron was killed by a stab to the chest," said Sallis. He jerked a thumb towards the prisoner. "He had no weapons when we took him and there was no weapon at the scene."
Oston shrugged. "He could have dumped it anywhere."
"Indeed. He might have picked it up anywhere, or stolen it from anywhere and then returned it."
Oston's gaze searched Sallis's face. "You know something," he said, eventually. "And you're not sharing."
Sallis now shrugged. "I suspect something, and I think Olista will give me the answer when I return."
"I still think Kein did it."
"I didn't do it," said Kein, from immediately behind them.
Sallis and Oston turned in their saddles.
"Are you ready to talk now?" asked Sallis.
"Yes, but I don't think you'll believe me," replied Kein.
Sallis smiled. "Try me."
***
Chapter 15 - A Question Of Justice
"Do you believe him now?" asked Sallis.
They had stopped to eat and rest the horses. Slowly at first, but with growing confidence, Kein shared what he had seen at Senator Jarron's villa. Oston tried to interrupt more than once, but Sallis shushed him, listening with eyes half-closed as Kein gave his version of events.
Oston fidgeted, but listened quietly until Kein finally fell silent.
"You'll have to try harder than that," Oston had said. "Much, much harder."
"Tell me how you got into the buildings you robbed," said Sallis.
Both the other men had stared at the younger with surprise. Neither had expected such a question.
"What's that got to do with anything?" demanded Oston.
Sallis shrugged. "Just tell me."
So Kein told. He climbed through open windows. He smashed door panels and slipped the bolts from within. Some people were careless and left their doors unlocked. Sometimes a door or window was left open around the back. Other times he used wood to force a door or window.
Sallis listened and nodded.
"How many locks did you pick?"
"Pick?" asked Kein. "None. I always forced my way in and if folk had valuables locked away, they always left the key somewhere foolish, or believed that iron bars not fixed into the ground and ceiling properly would stop me."
When they rode on, Sallis wore a satisfied smile. He turned to Oston. "You haven't answered my question."
"Do I believe him?" Oston shrugged and shook his head. "What game are you playing? He gave you a bucketful of air."
"I play no games," insisted Sallis. "I know he's not the killer. Put it another way, if he is the killer, then the Gift has failed me for the first time ever. When I touched the murder weapon, it didn't throw a trail to Kein."
"What murder weapon? You're as insane as he is if you expect me to be -" Oston's voice broke off. "You mean the blades you touched at Jarron's place?"
"One of them, yes." Sallis smiled. "That trail led me straight to the killer."
"How are you going to prove it?"
Sallis shrugged. "I'll think of something," he promised.
***
Quick thinking and accurate work with a sling from Oston brought down a hare, though once they roasted it, little remained for three hungry men. They also finished the yellow cheese Sallis had brought with him.
After eating, Oston secured Kein and returned a few moments later.
"He's still not happy about being tied up for the night," said Oston, groaning as he sat down again.
"He'll only run otherwise," said Sallis. He eyed Oston as he tried and failed to make himself comfortable. "Saddle sore again?"
Oston grunted. "I've not ridden a long distance for some time. Not ridden much at all, I must admit. But I'm not as bad as I was."
Sallis nodded. "My rear felt harder than the saddle when I arrived in Marka," he replied.
"Thought you walked funny when I first saw you," grinned Oston. "But there's something I'd like to know."
Sallis waited.
"How will you prove his innocence?"
"Not bothered about the thefts any more?" Sallis raised an eyebrow.
"Of course. But murder is more serious."
"A greater affront to civilization certainly." Sallis sighed. "I cannot say until I've seen all the evidence. I'm not wrong, but the courts will need more than that."
"They will." Oston jerked a thumb in Kein's general direction. "But it might be better to let him take the blame and swing for it. It's one thief we won't have to deal with again."
"You might have to deal with the murderer again though. Some people get a taste for it, after their first."
"You seem to know a lot about it."
Sallis shrugged. "People are people," he replied. "Some are good, some are bad and most are just indifferent. In our line, we deal with the bad ones."
"Not very many are murderers," pointed out Oston.
"All the more reason not to treat them all as if they were."
Oston's eyes narrowed. "All you had in the first place is a hunch?"
"I have what my own eyes have seen and whatever the Gift tells me. I know which blade was used to kill Jarron. I know that nobody who knows how to use a blade would have stabbed him the way he was. I know Kein did not pick the lock to get a weapon from Jarron's armory." Sallis snorted. "Kein was unlucky to be in the wrong place at the wrong time."
"You're just trying to prove your name." Oston's voice was quiet.
"Anything wrong with that? I intend to be the best. Not good and not excellent, but the best. Whenever the Guard needs someone bringing in they cannot reach themselves, I want them to think Sallis ti Ath before any other name. Is that bad of me?"
Oston waited.
Sallis continued. "But I'm also about justice. I won't just pull anybody in. For one thing, I know Markan justice doesn't work that way."
"You might be surprised," murmured Oston.
"Disappointed, you mean," countered Sallis. "If the Guard is prepared to let innocents swing for crimes they did not commit, then I suppose I'd be very disappointed."
"Kein is hardly innocent."
"Kein is a thief, not a murderer!"
"Would you care to shout any louder?" asked Oston, dryly. "I don't think they heard you in Marka."
"I heard though." Kein's voice came out of the darkness.
"Go back to sleep," Oston threw over his shoulder.
"You should let me go, Sallis ti Ath," said Kein, ignoring Oston. "Your companion wants to see me dead. Perhaps he will wait for you to sleep before slitting my throat."
"You are a prisoner!" roared Oston. "I would do no such thing!"
"You don't like to be thought of as a killer, as a murderer?" Kein's voice sounded tight with strain.
"He's trying to escape," whispered Sallis, clutching the small piece of cloth that had belonged to the prisoner. "You stay here and keep him talking." He rolled away from the fire until cloaked in night, and aimed directly for the voice.
"I don't murder prisoners," protested Oston.
"Well, now you know how it feels to be accused of something you've not done. You -" Kein's voice broke off.
"I do hope this isn't an escape attempt," said Sallis, peaceably, his sword resting against Kein's neck. "Oston! Our guest needs re-securing. Please use tighter knots and more rope this time."
Oston joined them. "My pleasure."
"And I believe Master Kein might be getting cold. He can sleep between us at the fire," continued Sallis. He eyed Kein. "Don't try to run again, or I might doubt what the Gift is telling me."
"I've got no chance," muttered Kein. "When we get to Marka, people like him will make sure I die." He nodded at Oston. "They will make that murder charge stick."
"You have got a chance," replied Sallis. "You've got me."
"My confidence tankard just overflowed," retorted Kein, sarcastically.
Oston laughed.
Even Sallis raised a smile. "Settle down and go to sleep," he commanded. "You'll need that sharp wit when we reach Marka."
***
Chapter 16 - Meeting With Olista
The moment Sallis and Oston entered Marka with their prisoner, activity erupted at the gate. Guardsmen promptly arrested Kein and hustled him inside the guardhouse to be charged with murder and theft.
The Guard Officer of the Day was summoned (Sallis realized with a silent groan that this was Lieutenant Vayburn), and messengers sent to the Captain of the Guard and to Senator Olista.
Crallin poked his head into the guardhouse and his blue eyes lit up when he saw Sallis.
"Senator wanted to see you an hour gone, farm boy," he said. "In his office."
"Olista?" asked Sallis.
"That's the only Senator who matters to us," replied Crallin. He looked at Oston. "Was he any trouble?"
Oston shrugged, but said nothing.
Waiting till I'm gone, reflected Sallis. Well, I'm going now. He rose to his feet. "Look after Glyder for me?" he asked Oston.
"Sure thing."
Sallis walked along the main thoroughfare and drank in the sounds, sights and smells of Marka. Gone for only four days, but the pleasure he felt made him realize this was home now. Re Annan could never again hold him, no matter how deep his desire to ensure his parents were looked after. Four sylphs should be sufficient to help run the farm.
He swerved to avoid a couple of sylph beggars squabbling over a scrap of food and shook his head. Something should be done about these beggars. Sylphs should be serving, not begging. There were no beggars, sylph or human, on Re Annan. Seeing male sylphs among the beggars, Sallis tried to remember if Calcan also had a community of beggars.
Entering Senate Square, he looked at the Coronation Building and the empty warehouse opposite. Ignoring more beggars crying for alms, Sallis crossed the square and mounted the steps.
"Can I help you, sir?"
Despite the courtesy, Sallis knew the man had no intention of letting him pass. Sallis had not bathed and changed, so he must look a right mess.
"Senator Olista wants to see me," he replied. "I'm Sallis ti Ath. I know the way."
Sallis waited on the steps while a messenger went inside, but the boy returned with an order to show the visitor to Olista's office.
"In you go, sir. The boy will show you."
The messenger ignored the guard and ushered Sallis within. The entrance hall was exactly as he remembered from his last visit, but he had no chance to stop and admire it.
"This way," said the boy, without even a hint of a "sir".
A young woman Sallis had met before stood at the door.
"Have you got an appointment?" she asked.
"Show him in, Melda." Olista's familiar voice boomed from inside the office. "I asked him here."
A small smile touched the woman's lips as she eyed Sallis up and down. "He should have allowed you to bathe first, young man."
Sallis inclined his head. "What I have to say is important, mistress. Baths must wait."
"Come on in, my boy." Olista smiled. He half-turned and clapped his hands sharply together. "Vidkin!"
A sylph shot to her feet.
"Alovak if you please."
"Se bata." The sylph stretched.
"Yours?" asked Sallis, watching the infertile as she padded out of the room.
Olista looked surprised. "Father's breath, no. My sylphs all stay at home. She belongs to Melda. Right, you've brought in our man?"
Sallis nodded. "He's nice and comfy in the guardhouse right now."
"Charged with theft and murder?"
"He is."
Olista wagged a finger. "You'd better be right about the murder," he warned. "How you're going to clear him of that charge is beyond me. Remember, I am an ambitious politician; I've ensured that, if you're wrong, you're on your own."
"I'm not wrong," smiled Sallis. "Did you see Lieutenant Vayburn?"
"Yes. You were right about that, young man. I have it here, somewhere."
Sallis lifted his hands. "Not yet. Better you never show it to me, not until we have plenty of witnesses, and you can say I've never before seen it."
"I also inquired about Pusila's family." Olista pursed his lips. "They are not particularly active in local politics, but neither did they favor Jarron's plans. We will talk more after that sylph returns with our alovak."
"Are Pusila's sylphs still sleeping in the stable?" asked Sallis.
"No idea," replied Olista, "but I can find out for you. Why do you want to know?"
Sallis ignored the question. "How long before the trial?" he asked.
"In a hurry for your money?" Olista's voice was quiet, but his dark blue eyes twinkled.
"Not exactly."
"We tend not to delay proceedings in this city. A court of inquiry should be convened in a day or so."
"A day." Sallis's voice was flat.
"Just to see if there is a case to answer," said Olista. "We already know the answer, but the legal niceties must be observed."
"We should see all the players today," said Sallis. "Kein, Pusila, Vayburn, Dowl, yourself, me."
"Dowl?"
"The assistant priest who helped lay out Senator Jarron."
Olista nodded. "All right. Kein is the prisoner? Why him?"
"He saw more than everybody realizes."
"You seem certain."
"Very." Sallis smiled. "When you arrange to have Pusila brought here, send witnesses and bring the sword-rack with you."
Olista frowned. "You had better be right," he warned. "This meeting is best held at my villa, rather than here. Don't worry, there will still be a court of inquiry and a trial."
Sallis nodded. "Good. I'm not trying to circumvent justice, but it's time we wrapped this up."
"You are eager for your money," said Olista. "You can have an advance if you wish. Repayable of course, should you be wrong."
"When the thief is found guilty and not before." Sallis smiled back. "I meant what I said when I said it. I still mean it now."
"Why do you want Vayburn dragged into this?"
"He lied to me and I want to know why."
Olista nodded. "All right, I'll arrange for him to be present as well. But Kein stays in his cell. If it's necessary to call him, I'll send a messenger." He paused. "You've done well. Very well." A frown replaced his smile. "Now where's that damned sylph got to with our alovak?"
***
Chapter 17 - Revelations
Olista's study had impressed Sallis with its size when he first arrived at the Senator's villa, but it soon looked cramped as more people gathered. A male sylph, padding silently through the house, showed the visitors to the room without saying a single word. Used to taciturn sylphs, Sallis followed his guide and "Thank you" were his only words to the creature.
A pair of infertile sylphs served alovak and immediately withdrew. A Guardsman unknown to Sallis took station outside the study door, and they were ready to begin.
Olista sat in his chair, with Melda next to him, ready to take notes. Sallis sat beside Olista's desk, with Priest Dowl at the far side. Lieutenant Vayburn and a dark-haired man Sallis had never seen before flanked Senator Jarron's widow. The extra gold knot of rank on the stranger's uniform suggested this was Elleyn, Captain of the Guard.
Against the wall opposite Olista's desk stood the sword-rack from Jarron's villa, the swords and long daggers all in place. Pusila eyed the rack warily, while Sallis watched her.
"Right," said Olista, straightening abruptly and moving his chair closer to the desk. "Is everybody comfortable?"
"Why are we here, Olista?" complained Pusila. "The court meets tomorrow, we will hear everything then."
"Because I want to hear a theory," replied Olista, pointing in Sallis's direction. "In full."
"You have your thief, and I will see justice for my husband," continued Pusila.
"That is why we're all here," said Olista.
"Do you usually invite everybody concerned to your villa before a trial?" Pusila sniffed in disapproval. "This is nonsense. And why are Jarron's blades here?"
"We will come to that in due course," answered Olista, who had no other reply. His dark blue eyes rested on Sallis ti Ath. "You have the floor, young man."
Sallis cleared his throat, surprised that his nerves chose now to start worrying him. Doubts assailed him. If he had anything wrong, he would suffer.
He firmed himself; he was not wrong.
"The Senate commissioned me to find the thief who'd been troubling this city for some time. Twelve thefts and, allegedly, one murder."
"Allegedly?" spluttered Pusila.
"Please, let us hear the boy out." Olista glared at her.
"All of you have probably heard that I'm Gifted. Some of you accept that and I expect the rest of you refuse to believe it, but Sandev can corroborate my claim. Once I've touched something belonging to a criminal, I can follow that criminal anywhere in the world, no matter how long it takes."
Pusila snorted.
"I am happy to demonstrate this talent," continued Sallis, peaceably. "Any people you choose can arrange it, should you wish."
Silence met that.
"When I visited Senator Jarron's villa, everything had been cleaned up. I got no hint about our thief until he left a piece of his cloak behind on a window hook at Senator Mermack's villa."
"And that ultimately led you to him?" asked Captain Elleyn.
"Straight to him. No matter how far or long he had run."
"Interesting." Elleyn stroked an ear lobe.
"Can we continue with the matter at hand?" Olista looked mildly irritated. "We're here to listen to your theory, not to you touting yourself for extra work."
Sallis inclined his head and grinned quickly. "At Senator Jarron's, I found a trail when I touched the murder weapon."
"What?" More than one head shot around at this.
"Nothing was left at the scene!" protested Elleyn. "I checked that personally."
Sallis pointed to the sword-rack, but addressed Pusila. "Did that leave your sight at any time when they brought it here?"
Pusila shook her head.
"You told us your husband spent lots of time polishing and sharpening these weapons?"
"He did," agreed Pusila. "It let him think, he said."
"One of the blades has the tip missing," said Sallis.
Olista nodded to Crallin, who turned to the rack and inspected each blade. He finally held one up and passed it to Olista.
"Only a small part," said the Senator.
"That is the murder weapon," said Sallis. "I knew the moment I touched it."
"That's why you stopped looking at the blades!" Realization dawned on Olista's face. "You knew and said nothing!"
Sallis nodded. "I'm not the only one to keep things to myself." His gaze flickered towards Vayburn. "Several people wanted me to join the Guard. They did not want me to succeed as a bounty hunter."
"That blade belonged to my husband," said Pusila. "It could only have led you to him, if what you say about your Gift is true."
"What I say about the Gift is true," replied Sallis. "But not even I can follow the dead. The killer left sweat behind on the handle. And that did give me something to follow."
"To the thief who murdered my husband?" asked Pusila.
Sallis shook his head. "No, Mistress Pusila, the trail led me directly to you."
"What did you say?" Olista blinked.
"I said that the trail led me directly to Mistress Pusila."
Then the uproar really began.
"That is obscene!" screamed Pusila. "How dare you?"
"This lady is from one the wealthiest families in Marka!" shouted Captain Elleyn. "They do not run around murdering people."
"Will you all be silent," shouted Olista. "Dammit, this is my home!"
The man stood outside the study opened the door and peered within to make sure nobody was trying to kill anyone else. Sallis saw two concerned blue faces watching from the far side of the hall. Satisfied, the Guard withdrew.
Sallis kept his face calm and expressionless, ready for any sudden lunges. Gradually, Olista managed to restore some order.
"This is worse than the Senate," he grumbled, the moment silence fell.
"I followed a very short trail leading to you, Mistress Pusila. And also the thief saw you." Sallis smiled.
"Who'll believe him?" demanded Pusila. "He's a criminal. He stabbed my beloved husband to death and took his knife away with him."
"You're sure he took it with him?" asked Sallis, quietly.
"Of course. There was nothing in the study with my husband's body."
"Lieutenant Vayburn inspected your husband's body," said Sallis, before turning to the named officer. "Did you find anything, sir?"
Vayburn looked startled and glanced at Olista, who nodded.
"I did."
Sallis smiled. "So glad you're willing to share this time. Senator?"
Olista held up a tiny sliver of metal.
"That was taken from the wound," said Sallis, looking at Pusila. "The way you killed him is very inefficient, though I doubt you'll get another opportunity to kill anyone. Is it a match, Senator?"
The sliver of metal was clearly from the long dagger laid before Olista.
"So the thief stole that blade," said Pusila, shaking visibly. "Thieves do steal things, you know. And they do also turn to murder when caught."
"You're telling me that Kein picked the lock, took the dagger, murdered your husband, returned the dagger and locked up again? You told me yourself you'd put your husband's sword away before going into the study." Sallis shrugged. "This thief is a messy worker. He doesn't pick locks. He smashes a way in if people don't leave a door or window open for him."
Sallis paused before continuing. "And there is more evidence, if not exactly conclusive. You moved your sylphs out of the villa a month before your husband died. We know you weren't exactly firm friends."
"I loved my husband," protested Pusila.
"But you love your family more." Sallis forced a smile. "You loved your husband so much that you slept in separate rooms. Your family wanted you to dissuade him from extending the franchise in Marka and he refused, again and again. You moved the house sylphs from the villa and made them sleep in converted stables. So they could not hear your rows? Or to ensure there would be no witnesses if you felt compelled to commit violence? Those pieces of evidence are nothing by themselves."
Sallis pointed to the dagger and continued. "But that condemns you. Only you had access to that armory and only you kept the key. Even your husband had to borrow it when he wanted to think. I know from my visit the armory door was never forced. Everywhere else that thief went, doors and windows were forced. Everywhere."
Olista looked up. "The game's up, Pusila."
"This is nothing more than conjecture," protested Pusila. "A string of lies." She pointed at Sallis. "This boy is trying to extract more money from you, Olista. You know what bounty hunters are like."
"With the Father as my witness," interrupted Sallis, "I was contracted to find the thief. I have found that thief and I've returned him to Marka to face justice. Payment for that service will only be made once Master Kein is found guilty."
"Then why do you even care?" demanded Pusila. "Does it matter whether he is found guilty of theft or murder?"
"Care, Mistress Pusila?" Sallis's lips twisted. "What I care about is justice. You would let Kein hang for a crime he did not commit. Another death on your conscience, if you have one."
Pusila snarled, and shook her head.
"I wonder if Kein can identify you," mused Sallis.
"Of course he can," snapped Pusila. "You and he had two days to invent all of this. Fabrications!"
Olista gestured to the dagger still on his desk. "This alone is enough to condemn you," he said. "The game is over, Pusila."
"No."
"The rest of you, out," said Olista. "Not you, Elleyn, I want a witness."
Elleyn inclined his head.
Outside the study door, Dowl looked relieved. "I so hate being involved in these things, so distressing."
Sallis smiled, but said nothing. He turned to Vayburn. "Why did you hold out on me when I asked?"
"Asked what?" growled Vayburn.
"You know what. Whether you'd found anything on Jarron's corpse."
Vayburn shrugged. "If Kein had been hanged, and then we found evidence to clear him, I doubt if you'd be employed as a bounty hunter again. You should be in the Guard."
"You'd let an innocent man die for that? You're as bad as Pusila!"
Vayburn snorted. "Kein is hardly innocent."
"He is of murder." Sallis hoped disgust did not show on his face. Sickened, he turned away.
Through the thickness of the study door came a word of denial.
"No!"
Sallis blinked at the strength in that word. Pusila had not given up, or was it something else?
"Olista is making her write her confession." Vayburn's voice was quiet beside him. "She won't face the gallows. That's the way of it. The rich look to their own and deal with their own. You'd better get used to that."
"You all treat this like a game," protested Sallis. "It's people's lives you're playing with!"
"All of life is a game," replied Vayburn. "And like all games, there are winners and losers. Nobody has any choice; we're all forced to play. You have a quiet evening Sallis ti Ath. It'll be a long day at the inquiry tomorrow."
***
Chapter 18 - Threads
After the court of inquiry, Sallis sought and found Olista. Headed for his favorite alovak house, the Senator smiled a welcome.
"We must talk," said Sallis.
"Come with me," invited Olista. "We can talk over alovak. Have you changed your mind about your payment? Want it bringing forward? You have clearly caught the right man for the thefts."
Sallis scowled. "I said once he was proven guilty and I meant it," he replied.
"As you wish." Olista indicated the alovak house now before them, with a partly covered outside seating area. "Here we are. A shame to waste such a pleasant day, so shall we sit outside?"
Sallis nodded. Still morning, but the sun already beat relentlessly on the paved street. The covering, he realized, served to keep off sun, as well as rain. At Olista's invitation, he took one of the chairs, but sat with his back to the wall, able to see everyone who came near.
"That's a sensible precaution," said Olista, sitting beside him. "Less likely to be surprised this way."
An infertile sylph, bells jingling as she moved, stepped forward to take their order.
"Why the bells?" asked Sallis, watching the sylph scurry away.
Olista laughed. "Sylphs move silently, or can do," he replied. "But when they wear bells, you can hear 'em coming. Not sure where it started, but it's catching on all through the city. Talking of which, how are you enjoying Marka?"
"It's getting very hot," remarked Sallis. "When will it get cool again?"
"After the autumn equinox," replied Olista. "This is good mainland weather, none of your offshore rainfalls and winds."
Sallis laughed. "A man might sweat to death here."
"The trick is to slow down."
"Never knew continental weather got so hot."
Olista grunted. "This is not hot," he countered. "It's still only early summer."
"Then I dread full summer."
"You might enjoy winter. Those are very cold." Olista gave the younger man a tolerant look. "You'll get used to our weather. Ah! Our alovak."
The same infertile served them. Sallis thanked her and received a shy smile in return. Seeing the creature reminded him of his determination to buy sylphs for his father's farm.
Olista inhaled the alovak's aroma and finally sat back. "You didn't seek me to discuss the weather or sylphs wearing bells."
"They dropped the murder charge against Kein."
"Of course. We now know he had nothing to do with the killing."
"But the murder wasn't mentioned at all."
"The court of inquiry established the facts about the thefts," smiled Olista.
"Nothing about Senator Jarron."
"You might be pleased to hear his motion goes before the Senate again tomorrow. I expect the Senators will vote to extend the franchise. He'll be remembered as a friend to Marka's people."
"I was talking about the murder," insisted Sallis. "It happened. Pusila must be tried."
Olista took a long swallow of alovak. "That will be difficult," he replied.
"Why? Didn't you get a confession out of her?"
"I did."
Sallis looked at Olista and scowled. "What aren't you telling me?"
Olista took a breath and wagged a finger. "They're right about you. The Guard would offer you a glittering career. You have a happy ability to see what is not said. You think logically. Amazing at such a young age."
Sallis's laugh sounded forced. "I can also see verbal sidesteps," he replied. "Why won't Pusila be tried? I thought this city took great pride in its attachment to justice. Doesn't Senator Jarron deserve justice?"
"That dagger would not be enough to convict her in court," replied Olista.
"You have a confession!"
"Which she would doubtless claim we forced from her." Olista shrugged. "It's happened before. Far easier to convict an established criminal, especially as he stood in the room where Jarron died, at the time he died."
"Kein is innocent."
"I agree with you." Olista took a careful swallow of alovak. "Pusila will not face trial, because Pusila is dead."
"What?"
"Relax, nobody has had her killed. Honor, especially family honor, is a delicate question. Wealthy families do not like having their name dragged through courts, doubly so for murder charges."
"She should have been held in a cell!"
Olista arched an eyebrow. "Why? I very much doubt she was a threat to anybody else and the Guard had orders not to let her pass through the gates, so we had no need to imprison her. Unlike Kein, who is obviously such a threat to the prosperity of this city's wealthy."
Sallis looked away. "How did she die?"
"Poison. Suicide over the tragic death of her husband and life companion. My understanding is that she swallowed hemlock sweetened with honey."
"You forced her into that to avoid the embarrassment of a trial?"
Olista's face darkened. "Young man, you have served this city well, but do not presume too far, sir."
Sallis stared across the street. He heard and understood the hidden message in Olista's words. "And I thought you people were all about justice," he muttered.
***
Rightly or wrongly, justice in Marka moved with commendable speed. Kein's trial began barely a week after the inquiry and the whole thing lasted less than a day. The thief pleaded guilty to the thefts, which shortened proceedings considerably. He paled when the judge sentenced him to twelve years hard labor, and recovered when he learned the sentence was suspended, provided he never returned to Marka.
Immediately after the trial, two guardsmen escorted Kein from the city, allowing him time only to collect his belongings. Sallis walked with them, but followed the convicted thief out of the city. Kein paused to mount Strider, his chestnut horse, from where he looked down at the bounty hunter.
"If you're waiting for me to thank you, you'll be there till you die," said Kein.
Sallis looked up and smiled. "You've still got your loot," he said. "That should help with your family debts."
Kein screwed himself around to look back at Marka. "You said nothing about that."
Sallis shrugged. "Why should I? They commissioned me to bring you back to Marka for trial, which I did."
"You could have let me swing," said Kein.
Sallis nodded. "I've got principles."
"They all say that."
"The difference is I mean it," insisted Sallis.
Kein nodded and turned to look south. "I'll be off then."
"Until we meet again," said Sallis.
Kein's eyes widened. "I hope I never bloody see you again," he said, and touched his heels to Strider's flanks.
Sallis watched him go and could not help but smile. "I hope so, too," he murmured.
A shout from the gatehouse caught his attention. "Farm boy! The cashier's waiting for you. Something about a bounty."
Sallis nodded and turned back. He had done his duty, and now it was time to collect his reward.
***
Once back in his room at Ulena's boarding house, Sallis began packing his saddlebags. He distributed his gold between the bags and secreted some on his person. He doubted if anybody trying to rob him would be successful, but he wasn't about to risk all his gold in one place.
He had already deposited most of it in Marka's brand new - and very secure - public bank, recently established by a group of wealthy people terrified of another Kein.
Sallis spun on his heel as the door to his room creaked.
"Looks like you're about to leave us," remarked Oston, staring at the stuffed saddlebags. "Did Olista's actions offend your grand principles?"
"Something like that." Sallis watched Oston carefully.
"There are times when you know someone is guilty and that you'll fail to prove it in a court. There are times when accidents must be arranged."
"I'm sorry you think so," replied Sallis. "There is no excuse for -"
"Don't say another word." Oston shook his head. "There will come a time when you realize I'm right."
"I hope not."
"We've upset you so much that you're going back home?"
"Only for a month or so," replied Sallis defensively. "I promised my father some sylphs to help on the farm."
Oston nodded. "Spending some of your reward on sylphs. Weren't thinking of buying them here were you? Few sylphs travel well."
"People keep telling me that," said Sallis. "I'll buy or acquire them in Calcan or Re Taura. They'll probably be cheaper in Calcan; I'll take the risk of any seasickness."
"Your father must wait a little longer," said Oston, expression neutral.
Sallis paused and watched as Oston flourished a missive, its creamy complexion ruined by a blob of black sealing wax.
"This comes from Olista, farm boy." Oston grinned. "He wants to see you. Like now."
Sallis ti Ath returned the smile. "Another commission?" he asked, stretching out a hand to take the letter. Oston was right; the sylphs and his father could wait a little longer. He might even arrange a ship to take four sylphs to his father's farm on Re Annan. "Olista wants me to hunt someone else?"
Oston nodded. "And he doesn't mention the Guard once. Are you staying or leaving? I won't tell if you decide to go."
Sallis eyed his packed saddlebags. For the first time since Elvallon had ungraciously terminated his training, he again felt as if he belonged. With a sharp twist of his wrist, he broke the seal and quickly scanned the words.
Sallis grinned. "Take me to Olista," he said.
***
***
The End of Gifted Hunter.

Nicholas A. Rose is the author of the Ilvenworld novels. He enjoys everything to do with the sea, the outdoors and the mountains, which he finds inspirational. Nicholas also enjoys the rather more sedentary pastimes of chess, reading, real ale and, of course, writing.

Also by Nicholas A. Rose on Smashwords.com:

More Sallis ti Ath Novellas:
Gifted Apprentice
Gifted Avenger

Markan Empire Trilogy (full-length novels):
Markan Throne
Markan Empire
Markan Sword

