

GWARCHEIDIAL book one.
Written By Frederick R Fuller. 

CHAPTER 1

The year was seventeen thirty-six. The dark heavy threatening snow clouds were gathering above the south east of England. In this part of the country it was in January or February that the snow came if it came at all, so far this year it had stayed away, and these Wizards old bones were most thankful for that. 
He had moved down from his old castle that he called his Manor to what his father being a light-hearted man had named ‘The Cottage’ (it being much closer to London). The Cottage was much smaller than the manor but even so had been built with its defense in mind. Its walls, Gargoyles and battlements were now covered in a thick blanket of ivy. Its only resemblance to the Manor was that they were both situated in the middle of very old oak tree forests and were both guarded by the mystical Gate Men. The big old oaks were now standing stark and bare against the morning light, there great branches reaching out in the cold light of dawn in an effort it seemed to touch and console each other. The squirrels and Tree Elves were curled up snug and warm inside the hollows of the older trees and would not venture out until the very early spring, even then only to gather the acorns that they had secreted away all through the summer. 
Like his Father and those before him he was called Gwarcheidial, this translated from an ancient English language means Guardian. This ancient language had been forgotten by most a thousand or more years ago. The Fairies being unchangeable and steadfast in their loving ways still used it, and anyone chosen to become a Wizards apprentice studied it carefully as most of the ancient books they had to learn their skills from were written in it. 
The name Gwarcheidial for most people was too hard to pronounce, so to avoid any confusion or misunderstandings he called himself Mr. Burn Bright. 
He had begun his search many years ago, he knew that soon he must find the one that he now so desperately sought, it must be this year, and surely it must. He was getting older much older. Wizards due to their knowledge of lotions, potions and the mysteries of the ancient world usually lived for about two hundred and fifty years. He was now over two hundred years old and starting to feel and look it. Because it was his nature to do everything in his power to see that all things were in there proper place and at the proper time, he was becoming very concerned. He must find an apprentice to take over his task; it just had to be this year! 
The birth had to occur on the stroke of midnight on the first day of February. The mother of the child was to be in desperate need, this was how it was written in the Great Book and all those who had taken on the task as its Guardian had followed its teachings since long before the time of the great wizard Merlin. All had learnt the Ancient language that it was written in, adding to it their own spells, incantations, potions, lotions, and findings in their search of the heavens and the stars. All these things being of the utmost importance to one who would spend his whole life in the service of those that had the knowing of all things, or the Ancient ones as they were sometimes called. 
His life had up to now been an extremely long and satisfying one, mainly because of his skills as a Wizard. 
He had successfully and without much effort fought off all those who had sort to obtain or destroy the Great Book, but now his tall body had started to bend a little. His beautiful beard that had grown to the extent that he now found it necessary to tuck and fold it into his waistcoat when he went about the town, because it now hung in abundance down to the floor. 
When studying in his great library, or making potions, he would toss the great fuzzy thing over his shoulder so as not to be in the way and becoming something of an infernal nuisance. He had even set fire to it, many, many years ago. In his haste to get from one place to another it had come into contact with a lighted candle, he then found that his most treasured possession was about to go up in flames. He ran as fast as he could to the nearest water bucket to put himself out and in his haste and panic, forgetting his incantations and spells for the putting out of fires. On inspecting it afterwards and seeing that he had only singed it, he breathed a great sigh of relief. Wizards love their beards. They would take time every day to groom it, make a fuss over it and when and if disaster struck would use every lotion, potion and magic trick to restore it, at the same time wonder just how long it would take for it to regain its former beauty and magnificence. 
Today being two weeks before the first of February, as had been his usual practice for the last fifty years or more he would hitch up his horse to the Dogcart and go into London. Then he would go from one workhouse to another, asking if a birth would take place around the pre-determined time. 
He really had no need to use the Dogcart because it was in his power to simply wrap his wonderful cloak about himself that the Fairies had made for the first Gwarcheidial and on his father’s death it had been passed down to him. He could simply wrap it about himself and appear wherever he wanted to, but he enjoyed the sights and sounds of the country and the hustle and bustle of London, so he would make his pleasant journey in the Dog cart. 
 In his search so far this year, he had found that there were three possibilities, one of which at first looked to be beyond his help. She was in the Workhouse at Algate, near the stinking rat infested docks of London. 
Workhouses were miserable establishments, he felt sorry for the people who found themselves forced to suffer the indignity of working in such places, and he stopped himself because he knew that thinking of such things would make no difference to his or their situation. He had been there the previous day and now found himself again looking into the saddest greenest eyes he had ever seen. He didn’t speak to her, for it was in his mind that neither the poor woman nor her child would survive. 
Alice who worked in this wretched place and gave her favors to Mr. Grudgall the overseer, by doing this she was allowed to look after the orphaned children. She had also for some months been in a position to help the ladies who found themselves in this situation; she didn’t hold out much hope for this one and had said as much. 
After giving the poor girl the last of his precious life-giving potion, he left and continued his search.
The rest of the day proved to be somewhat of a disappointment, the two other ladies whom he had put his faith in had given birth. 
On his return to the Cottage that evening and after getting something to eat he tried as best he could to make himself comfortable in front of a blazing fire. Unsettled and try though he may, he wasn’t able to get this green eyed girl out of his thoughts. He tried to banish her from his mind but to no avail, maybe two or three glasses of his six hundred year old portage would help he thought hopefully, but alas this only seemed to make the matter worse. 
Why would not this wretched girl leave him alone? 
Even with his skills he would have little chance of helping her, and at this particular time he needed his mind to be clear and sharp and not have green eyes following him everywhere. 
His thoughts seemed uncontrollably forced back to her. He knew that even if he managed to help her, she would still lose the child, this he was absolutely sure of but even so he couldn’t stop those green eyes entering his mind and clouding his thoughts, which after some considerable effort he managed to push to one aside. He must soon find an apprentice; he would not let it slip by as that supposed great Wizard Merlin had done.
Merlin in his great wisdom had neglected to train an apprentice. He being so full of his own affairs and that of others, the result of which was that the Great Book had lain hidden for nearly a thousand years in a cave beneath the earth, with no knowledge being added to it and none learnt from it. He the now guardian of the Great Book, would not make the same mistake, so it was of great importance, his task at hand must come before all else. He closed his tired old eyes, yet still he was unable to rest, again, there she was, her face appearing before him, in the end he could stand it no longer so he went reluctantly to his bed. 
He tossed and turned. As soon as he closed his eyes and tried to sleep, those green eyes so full of sadness would be looking straight at him, pleading with him, what made it even worse, was that she was the proud possessor of a mass of wild, bright red Irish hair.
The sleepless night did nothing to help his temper. In the morning, his mood being one of hopelessness, and realizing that he would have to make up another of his potions to try and help the unfortunate girl, he forced himself out of his nice warm unslept in bed, dressed and went over to the window. On parting the curtains he saw only darkness with not even one bright star in the sky to cheer him up. 
The sun wasn’t up yet and it would be sometime before it would shed its warmth over the land and come filtering down through the stark bare branches of the ageless, leafless, magnificent old oak trees. Only then to send its warmth struggling though the ever-spreading mass of ivy that seemed intent on devouring the whole building. 
He went down the stairs muttering to himself, trying to remember what he was supposed to put in the potion, it had been over two years since he had made up the last batch and he had given the last of it to that unfortunate girl. 
On entering the scullery he looked towards the fire, due to his tiredness and the mood he was in, it burst into flames, sparks flying in every direction. 
The potion took him some time to prepare because it needed to be as strong as possible and because the great book wasn’t here, he had to memorize it word for word, there was no room for mistakes. He was now for some unknown reason beginning to think that she might be the one. 
He worked both patiently and diligently until the potion was ready and to his complete satisfaction. He carefully poured it into the small stone jar that he had prepared and then with some show of force and agitation he plunged a cork stopper into the neck of it, he felt sure that it was as it should be. 
He went out to the rear yard and was pleased to see that the sun had at least starting to rise. 
He pampered and fed his horse that he had named High Hopes; he had named him that because when he had purchased him the poor thing had been in a sorry state. So far it had tried to live up to its name and shown that if treated kindly also adding a little memorization for good measure and with only the little Dogcart to pull, had managed to meet his expectations. He hitched him up then made his way through the pleasant country lanes and then into the outskirts of London. 
High Hopes as usual enjoyed the exercise and his master now having made up his mind to try and help the unfortunate girl had started to feel more relaxed. 
Passing through the center of London the fog wasn’t too bad and the people were starting to go about their business, but as soon as they turned in the direction of Algate his heart sank, he could see it stealthily creeping in, swallowing up the houses as it came towards them and to make it worse the breeze was coming from the direction of the Thames. 
As they made their way into its filthy embrace the stench got worse, it was enough to make even the strongest, hardiest person sick to their stomach. It was an extreme offence to the very nose and lungs and even seemed to crawl inside your flesh and into your very bones. In his search over the years he had been here many times before and knew that this filthy brown fog would lay like a thick blinding blanket over Algate. 
He knew that it takes all kinds of people to make up this world, but still he wondered why it was that the Thames through no fault of its own had been for hundreds of years the dumping place for all human waste and any other rubbish that they could find to toss into it. Its condition was such that not even fish of a hardy nature could now be found swimming in it, certainly not in this section anyway. 
They made their way as briskly as they could along the cobbled streets passing venders pushing their barrows and others taking up their allocated positions on street corners and in market places. 
As the fog thickened High Hopes slowed down for fear of running into something or somebody until they finally found their way through the now dense fog to the workhouse. 
He thought he could see someone bending over a still form lying on the workhouse steps. As he got closer the fog seemed to lift a little as if for his benefit, he could now see two people bending over the still form.  One was a stout fellow with long hair and a pock-scarred face that it seemed had the business of removing the poor unfortunate person, the other one was Alice 
He pulled High Hopes to a stop and could now see that it was indeed a girl lying there. 
He could make out the aura shinning around her so realized that she wasn't dead. As he approached and seeing her red hair he knew that it was the girl who he had now decided to take back with him. Alice was trying to comfort her as best she could, at the same time scolding the big fellow for being so heartless. The poor chap was trying to explain to her that it wasn’t his fault, he’d been told to move her on. 
“They ain’t paying for no funeral;” he said, but at the time not really liking what he had been told to do 
“You’s always gives me an ard time Alice,” his manner being almost apologetic. “I got me job to do, ---- ya knows ow it is”.
On hearing the carriage draw up, Alice turned and looking through the fog a spark of hope came into her.
“Is that you Mr. Burn Bright,” she said, at the same time approaching him fearing that under the circumstances this good gentleman may well be off and running, as most not wanting any part of this would have done. 
“They’ve turned her out they ave, the poor dear!” She said gazing up at him with a tears in her eyes, there was a lot of emphasis put on these last words, for she hoped that maybe, just maybe, all was not lost, he surveyed the miserable situation. He only wished that somehow he could have some control over this filth, the very stench of it made the mind dull, and it would be some other place if it could. 
As much of a man as he was, or thought he was, his emotions at not only seeing but being a part of this were such, that a tear began to form in his eyes. He was after all a kindly old Wizard, so he made a great effort and fought it off. A wizard indeed, he thought. I have been too long without the company of others, and know not their heartaches, nor their woes, or even their desires; I have busied myself with my own little world for far too long and have forgotten what to be human means. Climbing down and then taking of his precious cloak that he didn’t like parting with under any circumstances, he wrapped it around the thin shivering girl, then gently scooped the frail little thing up in his still strong arms and even more gently placing her in the Dogcart. 
“I’ll see to her Alice, she’ll not come to any harm; you have my word on it!” 
“My thanks to ya kind Sir, god all repay ya for ya kindness, you mark my words e will.” She came up to the side of the Dogcart and looked up at him. He could see the sadness in her eyes and feel the hopelessness and loneliness coming from her heart because of her situation and that of others. 
“I don’t fink she’ll survive mister, there ain’t much left of 'er. They put her out last night they did, the poor dears bin laying on them cold wet steps all night she as. They wouldn’t even let me tend to er, they ain’t got no art they ain’t;” and then turning away from him she reached out her hand to the girl. 
“By my little love, he’ll take good care of ya e will, 'e’s a proper gentleman e is, mind you be a good girl, ---- you ear!” Making an extreme effort, the young girl nodded her head.
“Ell treat ya right e will, and ya knows I ain’t got no choice in the matter, not no more.” She was under no illusion as to what happened to some people who found themselves in this situation. So looked up at him, and he could see the fear in her eyes “Best be off and take her somewhere warm mister, you’ll look after er, ya promise?” His kind but penetrating old eyes looked down from the Dogcart at her.
“I’ll make that promise to you dear lady.” With that he flicked the reins and High Hopes set off. A little way down the road he turned and called back, “Thank you Alice;” he didn’t see or hear a reply, the blanket of fog had now visibly consumed them. 
High Hopes managed to find his way through the brown swirling filth and once out of Algate they made their way back through the streets of London and out towards Oakdale and home. 
Even High Hopes seemed to show some relief at getting out of that stinking place, his pace became lighter and quicker, he tossed his head and whinnied, telling Gwarcheidial that where they had just been was not fit even for a horse. He wasn’t taking too much notice of High Hops at this time, he was more concerned with his passenger and was noticeably filled with apprehension, and he took many a concerned glance in her direction to make sure that all was well. 
After what seemed to her an eternity on the road, she being a little frightened and not knowing what was going to happen she noticed that they had turned off, then passed through an opening in a high stone wall. 
To the young woman it seemed the further they went the more alone and frightened she became. 
There were no leaves on the trees so she could glimpse the sun trying to shine through the gathering snow filled clouds, she also thought that she saw lots of little animals running around in the branches, her hazy mind dismissed this as being foolish. Gwarcheidial knew better. 
The little tree dwelling Elves who were normally tucked up asleep at this time of the year with their friends the squirrels, were by their very nature the most inquisitive and fidgety little Elves to be found anywhere, they had come out to see her. It seemed to him that she must be of some importance for them to do that, with a sense of rising excitement he took note of this, maybe she was the one he thought to himself. 
Leaping down from the trees the Elves were coming at them from every direction, they were soon swinging and scrambling all over the Dogcarts hood and trying to gain the best places to get a glimpse of  her, they were popping up and peering down from the canopy, they were everywhere. 
She could see these tiny people quite clearly now, they were all dressed in Oak leaves with little floppy pointed hats on, this being winter, their clothing had turned to a rustling crispy brown and were sown together with strands of fur that the squirrels had shed from their tails. They had little pointed noses and chins and large pointed ears and grinned from ear to ear. Under different circumstances she would have laughed at their funny little faces and their antics as they scrambled about and popped up from everywhere, but not being used to them she squealed with fright. Gwarcheidial thought nothing of their presents, he knew them all too well, so he turned and in a friendly but serious manner he scolded them.
“My friends, can’t you see that the lady is unwell and wishes to be left alone at this time!” By their very nature they were the most nervous little people he had ever known, they were now looking at her, then back at him, then at her, their eyes switching quickly from one to the other. He could see that she was getting even more frightened with every quick movement of these skittish little people, so taking the whip up he cracked it loudly and at the same time shouted but not too loud.
“Be off with you now my friends, you may see her later when she is well!” He cracked the whip again. 
“Do as I bid now!” this seemed to work because in one moment they were all leaping off the Dogcart and back up into the trees. They did this without making a sound, that was except for one, who had stayed behind and now sat on his shoulder, she was the queen of these people and now spoke softly and sadly to him.
“She is not well Gwarcheidial and we cannot help her, I only wish that we could;” he responded by saying.
“Sometimes wishes do come true Chins-ell, let's hope in this case they do.” She smiled at him and then effortlessly sprung up onto the canopy and from there leapt into the nearest tree. He thought about the tree Elves and had to admit that they were funny little people. Elves normally stay on the ground but as far as he knew at some time in the distant past these Elves had because of wild cats, wolves and dogs invading their woods and their homes had taken to living in the trees with the squirrels. The Elves would make sure that the Squirrels were free of fleas and other itchy things that caused them to scratch and wake them up in the winter, and the Squirrels would share their nuts and homes with the Elves and protect them, this arrangement suited them both. 
They travelled through the forest for some distance and on reaching the front gate she was confronted by what she perceived as a strange looking building covered with ivy. She only found out later that it was what he referred to as his Cottage. He got down from the Dogcart and stretched to get the stiffness out of his old bones, turning he smiled at her then lifted her gently out. 
She noticed that the gate seemed to open on its own as they went towards it, she heard him thank the gate and heard it close on squeaky hinges behind them, she was by now a very frightened young lady. 
The garden such as it was looked as if it hadn’t been attended to for many years; it was choked with weeds of every description, including the weed infested flagstone path she was now being gently carried up. He rarely used this path, he was only using it this time because he would have had to have flown up the back steps and through the small back scullery door and he felt that this would have frightened her even more. 
As she was being carried towards the building she could see the spires and the ramparts, also the strange faces that appeared to be looking out through the ivy that covered just about every part of it. The thickest of it was at the top so that it looked to her as if it was wearing a big green wig. She tried to look more closely at the stone-carved faces that seemed to be watching them as they made their way up the path towards a large iron bound door almost hidden in the ivy. She wondered what kind of a man this was who would live in such a place. 
As they approached the door she noticed an ornamental bronze face in the center, its eyes seemed to be alive. She had noticed that when being carried through the gate it also had a large bronze face in the center of it and she had gained the impression that it had seemed to be watching them, the surprising thing was that the door swung open before they reached it. 
On entering she was sure she had heard him thank the doorman, she then found herself being carried into a large living room. 
He scowled in the direction of the unlit fire. Obeying his command it burst into life as if it knew of the pending emergency, she felt the warmth of it reaching out for her. She was then startled by candles in different parts of the room bursting into life as if charged by a will of their own. 
He put her gently into one of the large leather bound armchairs. Stepping back, he looked at her still wrapped in his cloak. She was so frail, her skin being so close to the bones appeared almost translucent, he let out a deep sigh that came from the very depths of him. 
He consoled himself by thinking of the kindly Alice. She as far as he could make out had some influence about that retched place, he knew not why and decided that it was not his concern, even so, thinking that it was indeed strange, she being permitted to look after those in need of care and attention. Unable to work and earn their keep they would normally have been thrown out. 
He supposed had it not been for her, in fact he felt sure that if it had not been for her, most would have been found dead in the mist and muck of London. Down some back ally and then suffered the indignity of being buried in a pauper’s grave, and to all accounts forgotten. Sometimes not even a prayer for their salvation being said over them, prayers cost money, and as such, were sometimes not for the poor. It was indeed a cruel world for some, and a near paradise for others. 
Taking up the stone jar that contained the potion he had made, he removed the cork, and then poring some into a large spoon he offered it to her.
“Drink it up girl, it will do you good!” she sat motionless, staring at him with those green eyes that were now filled with fear. 
“Don’t be silly girl, here take it!” His voice was stern; he felt that he had to impress upon her the importance of what he was trying to do. 
“I slept not a wink last night, my mind being so full of concern for you. I was up and out of my bed before the sun came up preparing this potion so that you and the little one would at least have some chance of survival, do you not appreciate what is being done on your behalf girl, come; take it!” 
It was then that he noticed the tears running down her pale face; he began to see her through the eyes of a more caring and understanding person. 
She was a woman in the midst of despair, cast out and left to die. He knew now by listening to her thoughts that the child was even more important than she herself was, and she feared losing it. She was at this moment trying to deny this in her mind for she wanted so desperately to live, but now she was almost past being frightened. 
Having seen and witnessed the unimaginable kind of world she was now in her mind had arrived at the final stages of hopelessness. 
She now feared the worst. The worst being that she was going to die so without her knowing it tears had started to run down her pale cheeks. 
These weren’t tears of pain, sorrow, hunger, or even fear, these were tears of a strong person who had fought far beyond the strength that most had. She now felt that she would never feel the warmth of her child in her arms, and the child would not feel the warmth of the sun caressing its face, nor would it feel the grass in the field under its feet or between its toes, and it would never know the closeness or the love of its mother. All these things were going through her subconscious mind, she not knowing or realizing that she was even thinking them. 
“You’re weeping;” it was almost a cry of desperation on his part.
“Have I been too harsh? O dear! Please don’t cry! For the life of me, I didn’t intend for you to cry; indeed I did not!” He now realizing that he had brought this frail young thing into what must, to her, be a very strange world indeed, his world, a wizard’s world. 
“How foolish of me.” He exclaimed. “An idiot, an unthinking fool, I can’t imagine the depth of your thoughts my dear, and what you must think of me, I can’t apologize enough. I was so busy with my own doings and making such an effort to see you well I forgot about your thoughts and your feelings? I cannot even imagine what you must be thinking?” He made a concentrated effort and listened to her thoughts and knew well what she was thinking so he pulled up the other armchair and then sitting down he leaned forward to be closer to her. 
“I’m an old fool, indeed I am, not only that, I’m a foolish old wizard;” he paused, looking to see if these words had any effect, “I must say it clearly so that you will understand.” 
“It is in my thoughts that with my wizards knowledge of potions, lotions and such things that I might, if those that have the knowing of all things permit it. It may well be that I alone can help you in your hour of need. For myself I want nothing, except maybe some courtesy on your part, believing that being your nature, you should find it not too difficult.” Then with a great sigh he sank back into his chair, a hopeless look came on his face. “O dear I’ve done it again, how stupid can I get! There was I under the impression and foolishly thinking that I was a gentleman of sorts, a gentleman would not have forgotten the first rule of etiquette.” He leaned forward. “Again I must most humbly apologize; I have just realized that we have not been properly or formally introduced. For me I’m afraid, there in lays a small problem. 
My name comes from an ancient language long ago forgotten by most,” Deep in thought he sighed and stroked his beard. “It is also unpronounceable by most.” He decided to tell her his name. “I’m called Gwarcheidial, and translated from the old language it means Guardian, for most it is difficult to pronounce, so I call myself Mr. Burn Bright. ---- It has suited me well for many years, but you calling me by my first name ‘Burn’ I think not, to many good healers or so called witches have gone that way.” It was then that he had a flash of inspiration. “You may have the honor of choosing a name for me, ---- that’s if one should come to mind of course.” 
Under the circumstances he said this with the biggest smile on his face that he could muster, waiting and hoping for some reply and foolishly thinking that she would see this act of kindness as a great honor, which it was as far as he was concerned. He repeated his offer, “does any come to mind young lady,” he could see that at least some of the fear had gone from her eyes, still holding the spoon up for her he waited patiently for her answer. After some time, and seemingly after some great effort, a very small fleeting smile passed over her drawn, pale, tired face.
“Wizzo” it was spoken so softly he could hardly hear what she said, his face light up, had he heard her correctly? 
“Did you say Wizzo?” She nodded her head weakly; he put down the spoon that in his surprise at being given such a name he had almost spilt.
“Wonderful, it’s perfect, WIZZO! WIZZO! WIZZO! He was quite overcome and probably in to loud a voice must have said the name a dozen or more times. His contact with others, be they male or female, had at the most been sparse to say the least, so he hadn’t had much experience of dealing with something of such magnitude and yet of such a delicate nature as naming someone, names were extremely important to him. When casting a spell, the use of the person’s name or even his own made it much more binding, this was why he was taught when he was very young never to forget a person’s name, this was why his face was now flushed and so full of excitement.
“I have a new name;” he looked at her with complete surprise.
“You have given me a new name my dear;” still he could hardly contain himself. “I have a new name,” he paused, “I really have a new name, one that everybody will know me by.” It took some time before he managed to control himself. “Now you must please tell me yours. I ask you because I haven’t been able to sense it in your understandably worried mind.” She could see how much she had pleased him so that fleeting smile came again on her tired frail face and she looking just a little shy whispered.
“Me names SOPHIE” he leaned closer. 
“S-O-P-H-I-E;” he said it softly, slowly, “your mother gave you such a name,” he received a small nod of her head, her large green eyes were looking straight at him.
“It is indeed a beautiful name,” he repeated it softly, “S-O-P-H-I-E;” he said it almost with reverence; he then looked down at the spoon with the tonic in it and picked it up.
“Now then Sophie my dear, we have to make you well, so how about trying some of this wonderful tonic;” he paused and then added “that is if you like?” He said this almost apologetically, “Would it suit you if I go first?” Sophie shook her head and opened her mouth, he popped in the spoon, tipped it up and it was drained, her face screwed up, the potion he had made was stronger than normal and it was a little bitter to the taste.
“Well done Sophie! I’m afraid you’ll have to put up with the bitterness of it, it’s a little stronger than usual, now then my dear we must do that every hour, on the hour, it's most important! He sat back in his chair and sighed again, but this time with a pleased look about him, “now then maybe a little something to eat perhaps, some cheese, meat, bread with thick butter on it, or some fruit maybe, some grapes or an apple?” he looked at her inquiringly. 
Sophie’s eyes grew large with the thought of Grapes, she’d heard of such things, but costing so much she’d never tasted them, Wizzo saw the look of surprise on her face.  
“Well now then Sophie don’t you worry, just you leave that to me, and I’ll go and see what we’ve got.” 
“A bit o bread and cheese will do Wizzo,” she whispered. 
She didn’t want to become a burden to this funny old man who thought he was a Wizard, although from what she had seen so far could it possibly be that he was, or maybe it was just her fuzzy mind playing tricks, anyway she had no choice in the matter. She also knew that out there she and her child would have stood not one chance at all of survival. Wizzo had been watching her and listening to her thoughts, so on his way out to the scullery he said.
“You’d be surprised what a Wizard can do Sophie, maybe some grapes or an apple I’ll go and get some.”
There ain’t no apples or grapes this time of year ya silly Billy”. Sophie thought to herself not knowing that her thoughts were being listened to. 
“My dear Sophie, if you want an apple, then there’s apples or grapes for that matter and as far as me being silly is concerned you could be right,” Sophie whose mind wasn’t working to well at this time knew that something had just happened but didn’t know quite what. 
“I’ll ave an apple then, if’ ya got one, but don’t you go to no trouble on my account” she said weakly not really understanding what was going on.
“An apple it is then Sophie.” He disappeared into the scullery, she could hear him fussing about and humming a tune she’d never heard before and then it all went quite, it was as if he wasn’t there. 



CHAPTER 2

  With the cloak giving her a feeling of wellbeing. And she being an inquisitive young woman, she started to look around at her surroundings. 
She was sat at an angle in the chair and almost facing the back of the room. The first thing she saw against the back wall was a large old sideboard with what seemed to be dragons or animals carved into its doors and draws, it had a shelf up on the back of it. There was a row of what looked like pewter cups, of all shapes and sizes, there were some she could see from the flickering light that had the shapes of animals on them. Below the shelf sat a green crystal ball sparkling in the light of the candles that were placed at either end of the side board, the crystal was large and appeared to have not a speck of dust on it. Sophie wondered about that, but again was really too tired to think much of it, there was also a small oak firkin with a tap on it sitting on a stand, it looked very old. Her eyes then went past the door they had come in to the small curtained window. In front of it there was a side table with two vases, one at each end, there appeared to be some writing on them, it was too small for her to make out from where she sat, the light from the candles didn’t reach that far. The curtains at the window looked to be dark green, heavy and embroidered. The design couldn’t be made out due to the folds in them, but as far as she could see, it looked like vines twisting, turning, weaving their way up to the top, she wanted to look closer because she thought could see movement on it. It appeared to her that there were little people climbing up it, or hanging onto it, she leaned forward but try though she may she couldn’t make them out, there was not enough light in the room for that, she decided that it must be her imagination, ‘silly me’ she thought.
Her eyes then moved to the cove on the far side of the fireplace next to the window, it held a bookcase. 
Needless to say it was full of books of all sizes, most as far as she could tell were bound in expensive leather and had gold lettering etched into them. Again she couldn’t make them out so her interest moved to the fire chimney. 
This was built of sandstone with a mantelshelf. As her eyes went along the objects on it, they came across a cat, a pure white fluffy cat, it was watching her with its green eyes, Sophie stared back at it, it didn’t move or blink, they stared at each other for some time, 
“Are ya alive?” She asked. The cat blinking twice and then in a most nonchalant manner it stood up and stretching itself one leg at a time it then arched it’s back and to Sophie’s surprise came down from the mantle shelf and onto the floor where it sat and looked inquisitively up at her. 
“Allo!” she said, “Ow are ya?” The cat seeing a friendly person and a warm lap to curl up on, jumped up and made Sophie’s lap her home for the time being, until of course it had other ideas, cats are like that. 
Sophie didn’t mind cats, but the weight of it was pressing against the sleeping child that was curled up inside her.
Sophie used all her strength to push the cat forward off her lump as she fondly called it. 
“You’ll ave to get off me lump cat, there you go, you stay there and we’ll be fine you and me;” She proceeded to stroke it and found pleasure listening to the soft sound of its purring. The cat not used to having such attention paid to it purred even more. Sophie relaxed back into the chair, her eyes looking up and catching sight of the two candleholders protruding from each side of the chimney above the mantle shelf. They looked like cherubs, their arms outstretched and holding a candle in each hand, their heads were turned towards her, they seemed to be watching her. Sophie started to feel a little frightened again, she moved slowly and with some effort first to the left and then to the right noting that their eyes seemed to follow her. She was sure of it, they’re watching me, she thought. 
“What you looking at” she asked, they smiled, this caused her to feel relaxed, their task done they then turned away. “Blimey!” said Sophie now feeling cozy and half-asleep, I fort the old bugger was avin me on, e is a Wizard, what do I do now. This thought was just too much for her so it was at this time that sleep finally came and her chin sank slowly down onto her chest. 
Had she looked behind her, over her right shoulder, she would have seen a very large clock. 
It took up all the space in the alcove. Heavy weights hung down inside it, these were carved and fashioned from Granite. There was a small hole in each for the transfer of a small weight, from the one at the bottom to the one at the top, this being accomplished at the end of each progressive year. A small lever was then pulled to reverse the cycle of the mechanism thus allowing the one hand to continue in its rightful direction. Its many large cogs carved from granite to such perfection, shimmered, they were so bright it was as if a thousand minnows had broken the surface of a small pond, at the same time being struck by the bright rays of the sun. Such was the skill of the Atlantianes, who many thousands of years ago had fashioned it. The Atlantianes, most of which had no need of time, nor thought anything of it, these people lived in a society of complete freedom and were of a spiritual nature, having learned after many thousands of years that love was the way to peace and harmony. Only those such as scholars, wizards, who made a study of the stars seasons, events of the past, present, and most of all the future, had some interest in it. 
It was housed on four sturdy oak legs, acting as its frame and its support, the carvings on them being extremely intricate. Vines climbed seemingly with effortless ease up and about them. So finely shaped and carved were they that even the stems of the leaves could be plainly seen. These were all then coated in coloured lacquers, greens, reds, browns, and truly if one hadn’t known it, so cleverly had it been done, that even nature itself could not have been more artistic in its portrayal. It had a large hand beaten gold face measuring three feet across and in the center of it was a funny looking little man, he was smiling and sitting on a crescent moon. It had but one single hand carved from cedar wood, and on reaching the hour the tinkling of a tiny bell could just be heard. The hours were marked by the signs of the zodiac, etched onto the gold face, and then enhanced with colors of bright reds, indigo, gold and white. There was a small window placed near the bottom of the dial, this gave the day, month, year and never needed to be adjusted to account for such things as leap years. Such was the accuracy of the timepiece. The writing on it was meaningless to most being in the language not known to all but a few. There were many that would have given their all to know the secret things that were written there, for not only was this time piece thousands of years old, it had been crafted with skills that had long been hidden or forgotten. The reason for this being that for the last five thousand years it had been the start of a new age, and a new beginning for the world.
After gently and without waking her he had retrieved his cloak from Sophie he now found himself Wizzo in Italy looking for the Apples and Grapes. He didn’t find it difficult to go anywhere in the world as long as he had been there before, he would just picture the place in his mind and he would then find himself floating above where he wanted to be. At this time of the year even in Italy it took him some time to find the items that he wanted, but he had promised her and having made that promise would not go back on it. 
On his return he wrapped her back up in his cloak and prepared the food. Thick buttered bread, meat chopped up into tiny pieces, many different kinds of cheeses, half a peeled and sliced red rosy apple, a bunch of sweet red grapes and a bright blue crystal glass filled with the purest water, drawn from his own well. 
Stooping as he came back in through the scullery door for he was a tall man, he stopped dead in his tracks, for there hovering just above the cat and Sophie’s lump as she called it, was a fairy that he didn’t know, he thought he knew all of the Fairies in this area but he was quite sure that he didn’t know this one. 
Sophie and the cat were asleep. The cat, sensing the presence of the Fairy and realizing that this was not a safe place for him to be reluctantly climbed down. Wizzo stood still and watched. 
The fairy taking no notice of him at all softly landed on Sophie’s lump and began to tremble, then she started to spin around, faster and faster she went, as fairies do when they get too excited. She spun so fast that in the end she completely lost control and shot though the wall and out of the place to goodness knows where. Wizzo knew that the small shield he had put around the Cottage hadn’t stopped her coming in so certainly wouldn’t stop her going out, anyway she would be back. He couldn’t for the life of him think of why she should be here. Placing the food on a small side table he moved it closer making sure that Sophie could reach it easily. 
Whilst preparing the food he had realized that there was only one bed in the place and that he would have to get another. He was not by any stretch of the imagination mean, but due to his circumstances he was a frivolous man. He remembered a second hand goods yard that was not too far away, so closing his eyes he sent his mind out to survey the yard for the things that would be needed. As far as he could tell by using this method that came easy to him, all their needs could be well taken care of with one short trip. 
Should he wake her up and tell her where he was going and for what reason, or not, he was saved from making this decision, the cat sprang back up onto her lap, turned around twice and then plonked itself down, this caused Sophie to stir and open her eyes. She yawned, stretched up her arms, the cloak falling away from her shoulders, she looked up at him and then down at the plate of food and at the same time pushed the cat forward of her lump.
“Is this for me?” she said almost in a whisper.
“Indeed it is,” he replied, she leaned forward and picked up a slice of apple and began to eat it. She looked around, searching for his plate.
“Where’s yours?” she said.
“I will have some later but I have to go out now, I’ve realized that we only have one bed, and we are desperately in need of two” 
“I’ll sleep right er! its comfy it is” she said modestly not wanting to cause him any more trouble and realizing for the first time just how bad she must smell and look.
“We can’t have that Sophie, I’ll go and get you a bed, I won’t be long, I promise.” 
Sophie looking apprehensive,
“They looked at me, they did.” She  glancing up at the Cherubs above the fireplace. 
“They’ll look after you while I’m away, you really have no need to be frightened of them.” He seemed to remember something and hurried out to the scullery and returned carrying a large china pot with a handle on it. Some would call them a gozunder, gozunder the bed that is, they are otherwise known as piss pots. “You might be in need of this while I’m away,” he said placing it on the floor next to her, she smiled, realizing that he felt awkward about such things. 
“O! And there’s something else you should know, a strange thing happened while you were asleep, there was a fairy here.” 
“A Fairy! There ain’t no such fings as Fairies,” she said looking at him with disbelief.
“Did your mother not tell you about Fairies Sophie?”
“Course she did, but them's Fairy stories.”
“Well there was one here, she settled on your stomach,” Sophie looked down at her lump; Wizzo felt the need for an explanation.
“She got much too excited and started to spin around. The problem that Fairies have is that they like to get excited, and when they get over exited they spin faster and faster, finally they lose control and shot off to goodness knows where, she went out though that wall next to the book case.” 
Sophie looked over at the stonewall, and then with some concern she asked. 
“Will she be au right, she ain’t urt is she?” 
“There’s no need to be concerned Sophie, Fairies can’t hurt themselves, she’s probably landed up in China or maybe Timbuktu,” he shrugged his shoulders. “Who knows? When she calm’s down she’ll just put her mind to it and come right back, that’s why I thought I’d better tell you, so that you won't be surprised, that’s if and when she returns.”
“You think she’ll come back then?” she said this again with a look of disbelief in her eyes, still not really knowing whether to believe him or not.
“When that happens, they most always come back to the same place, to get their bearings as it were, so I think that maybe she will, although I don’t know what for, or why. Fairies don’t usually bother themselves with the birth of lads, they don’t like them very much. They’re too boisterous and like to play in the Fairies gardens when they start to walk and being lads they trample on everything and take little care of it.” Sophie could relate to this and some of the doubt left her regarding the Fairy.
“Anyway my dear I’ll have to disturb you as I’m In need of my cloak again, that’s if I’m to get things done before it gets to dark.” He went over to her and removed the cloak as gently as he could, “that’s it;” he said holding the cloak up as if he had achieved something extraordinary, “I’ll be off then.” He left the room, then wrapping his cloak around himself, disappeared into thin air.




CHAPTER 3

He found himself outside the premises of Mr. Bones and Sons. On entering he quickly found Mr. Bones. He was a tall man of very slight appearance in fact almost to the point of appearing frail. He sported a drooping military type moustache that wasn’t very well looked after, anyway he as far as he was concerned the ladies had long ago stopped taking any notice of him so he wore it mostly for decoration as he had never been in any of the armed services. Wizzo proceeded to inform him of the whereabouts of all the things he wanted. Mr. Bones showing some considerable surprise, he not having seen this gentleman before and was sure he didn’t know him felt the need to ask. 
“Ow comes ya knows so much about the place, may I ask?”  Looking at him with some suspicion because thieves had been coming over and through the old wooden fence and stealing things. 
“A friend of mine told me,” was Wizzo’s casual reply.
“Did he indeed, and who might this friend be, if ya don’t mind me askin?”
Wizzo gave him one of his best mesmerizing smiles, Mr. Bones’ heart melted; the suspicion vanished from his mind, as if it had never been there.
“Well now then Sir, the beds over there you say?”
A magnificent carved four-poster bed lay almost hidden underneath a large pile of other beds that appeared to have been hastily stacked, Mr. Bones placed his hands on his hips leaned back and critically surveyed the jumbled pile of beds.
“Take a bit of gettin out this will Sir.”
“The curtains and the frills Mr. Bones do you have them?” 
“There inside Sir, and in good nick to I might add.”
“If you sort those out then Mr. Bones, I’ll see to the bed.” Mr. Bones had some doubt about this, seeing as the bed was in amongst and at the bottom of everything else, but then as far as he was concerned if the gentleman wanted to sort it out who was he to argue.
“Right o Sir, I’ll leave ya to it,” he then hastily disappeared off in the direction of a large antiquated shed.
Mr. Bones after searching for some time was in the middle of sorting out the curtains and the lace trimmings for the bed, a short time later Wizzo entered the large shed and went up to him.
“The bed is now free of all encumbrances Mr. Bones.”
“Ya mean ya got it out Sir?”
“Of course my good fellow, where there’s a will there’s a way.” 
Mr. Bones who only believed what he could see with his own eyes went over to the barn doors and looked across at the beds. 
He was surprise to see that they had been sorted out, and the bed in question had been neatly put to one side. He came back scratching his head in disbelief and wondered if this fellow was looking for some paid work but then looking at Wizzo decided against asking him. 
“There’s the lace curtains and the frills, and in good nick to I might add.” Said Mr. Bones repeating himself. “Now then Sir would there be anything else you’ll be wanting?” 
“Blankets, linen, feather mattress, and four good pillows Mr. Bones.”
“We’d best get busy then adn’t we sir,” As he said this he began making his way towards another antiquated looking shed, this one had the doors hanging off its hinges. On entering it, he turned to Wizzo and proudly pointed. “Shan’t have no trouble finding four pillows” he said going over to a great pile of them and after rummaging around for a short time exclaimed. “Er we are Sir, four of the best feather pillows with good clean cases,” he was now looking at Wizzo for some sign of approval, Wizzo made a pretense of inspecting them. 
“They’ll do just fine Mr. Bones.”
“Linens this way Sir” said Mr. Bones starting to rub his hands together at the thought of a good sale.
“Irish linen if you have it replied Wizzo in a nonchalant way?”
‘Irish indeed!” said Mr. Bones with a noticeable smile on his face, at the same time displaying an air of false arrogance, “only the best for you then Sir?”
“Indeed Mr. Bones, only the best will do, that’s if the price be not too great?” It took them a little while to find four decent Irish linen sheets as most of them were torn or had holes in them, but then having found four he put them aside. Mr. Bones turned his attention to a huge pile of blankets.
“Blankets is what were after now Sir,” he carried on as though not having heard Wizzo’s remark about it not costing too much. “Er we are, come to the right place you ave Sir, if I ain’t got it then nobody as. I got some real nice ones, an I’ll guaranty you won’t find no better, no Sir indeed ya won’t, pure wool they are,” Then all too quickly he grabbed one and held it up as an example. “Ow many ya wont Sir,” It was then that he noticed a rather large hole right in the center of it, “eeeree! Not that one Sir” he said throwing it back down only to begin franticly searching for better ones. 
“Four will do, Mr. Bones.”
“Ya sure fours enough Sir, its middle of winter?” said Mr. Bones looking at him with a marked look of concerned hoping that this gentleman might purchase a few more.
“Four will do, that’s if they’re good ones Mr. Bones,” Wizzo now making a point of taking over this situation, and making sure that they were doubles with no holes in them. 
“Four it is then, ya knows best Sir.” He sorted out the good ones from the bad and then with a false sense of pride proclaimed. “There ya go Sir, four gooduns.” 
Wizzo made a great effort to inspect them properly, he knew by listening to the thoughts of this man that he would be charged a great deal if Mr. bones ever suspected him of being to kind a man or a rich one, so taking charge he directed Mr. Bones to stack them with the rest of his goods over by the big double doors and accompanied him there to see that it was done correctly. As soon as this was accomplished Wizzo gave him a further order.
“Now we need a cot Mr. Bones.”
“A cot?”
“That’s correct, a cot, a good sturdy one, I think you will find one over there, behind that wardrobe and the other furniture.” 
Mr. Bones, making his way over and though the maze of furniture, climbing over everything like a scurrying rat, finally came to the wardrobe, on looking behind it he exclaimed. 
“Blimey! Owed you know that was there, I didn’t even know me self.”
“I have a good friend who sees everything and misses nothing.”
Mr. Bones was now perched on top of the wardrobe scratching what was left of his long thin straggly hair.
 “I’ll say you ave, mind you, I dun ‘no ow were a going to get it out, for the life of me I don’t, it aint one of those that comes apart.” Wizzo looking over at him with that mesmerizing smile back on his face stated that he needed a mattress, pillows blankets and linen for the cot.
“If you could sort that out, Mr. Bones, the cot you can leave to me.”
“Suits me fine,” said Mr. Bones. He knew that it would take some time and a lot of hard work to get that cot out of there, and he wasn’t looking forward to it, anyway if the old fellow saw a way of doing it, so be it. He made off as fast as his skinny legs and the maze of furniture would allow him. 
Mr. Bones hands were now being rubbed together franticly in anticipation of a good day, and may be, enough left over for a few jugs of ale. 
He had three faults within himself. The first was that he just had to buy anything and everything that came along. The second was that he liked his ale which he used as an excuse to get away from the misses, whom he loved dearly but she happened to be a trifle over bearing at times, or be it most of the time due to her condition. The third was that if he could take advantage of someone of a good and kind nature he would go out of his way to do so. 
After a short time he called out to Wizzo.
“Ow ya doin wiv the cot govner?”
“Extremely well Mr. Bones, how are we progressing with those bits and pieces?” Wizzo was now standing behind him, this startled Mr. Bones who turned quickly and at the same time managed to have a smile on his face. 
“You gave up on that cot real quick then?”
“It’s by the door over there Mr. Bones.”
Looking around Wizzo and over to the door that led to the yard, his jaw dropped. 
“Owed ya do that then!” he looked at Wizzo in amazement “you’re an old geezer; ya couldn’t ave done it on ya own;” Wizzo stood to his full height.
“As I said before Mr. Bones.”
“I knows,” said Mr. Bones “Where there’s a will there’s a way sir.”
Mr. Bones was now looking at him again, there was suspicion written all over his face, Wizzo’s realized that his first and second mesmerisation was now wearing of so he found it necessary to repeat the smile, this had the effect of sending another warm glow right through Mr. Bones and turned him back into a submissive pussy cat,
“Now then” said Wizzo, if we can get these few things sorted out for the cot there’s more that I shall need.”
Blimey, es a gooden this one, wants more stuff, thought Mr. Bones his hands now rubbing together in a miserly manner, and his thoughts turning to jugs of ale, lots of them. 
“Shan’t be a jiffy we’ll avum sorted in no time at all Sir,” at this Mr. Bones went scuttling about in all directions but after a short while called out. 
“It seems we aint got no mattress small enough, ow’ about a couple of pillows, might do the job, what do ya think Sir?”
“They will have to do, ---- best make it four, --- in case of accidents Mr. Bones.”
“Good idea Sir;” Mr. Bones rushed back to the heap of pillows and tossed four more onto the pile that was now growing larger by the minuet. 
“There ya go, four gooduns and ere’s a couple of good blankets to keep the little one warm, an over ere we ave some fine Irish linen sheets, fit for a king, they are, if I might be so bold in saying Sir.”
“Indeed they are Mr. Bones”
At that moment a door opened at the far end of the shed and a very loud voice called out.
“Mr. Bones!”
“Good ev’ens, ere comes the misses;” he exclaimed as he looked round feverishly for a place where he could possibly hide his future supply of ale monies, but it was too late, an extremely large woman came into view. With her hands on her hips, she made an imposing figure.
“We got a customer ave we?” Mr. Bones
“Yes dear, it’s all right, I’ll see too im, no need for ya to bover your little self, e just wants a few fings that’s all.”
“Few fings my arse, came the curt reply, I been watching ya from the window” turning to Wizzo she asked.
“Is e looking after ya Sir, in a proper manner I mean?”
“Indeed he is madam, in a most proper manner, but we have reached a point where we may indeed be in need of your expertise dear lady and Mr. Bones was about to call on your services, so may we trouble you for a moment or two?” Wizzo had spoken to her in a very grand manor.
“Corse Sir that’s what I’m ere for” she said looking sideways at Mr. Bones in disbelief.  
“Well we seem to have everything sorted out madam except some items of ladies clothing,” Wizzo said this with a large smile knowing that Mrs. Bones was even keener at making a profit than her husband. Mr. Bones who was by now not looking to well, the jugs of ale were slowly disappearing from his sight; disaster had struck, so he thought to make his escape.
“I’ll go itch up the or’s to the cart me dear, and start loading up if ya can manage here.”
“On your way then Mr. Bones, I’ll see to this kind gentleman, now Sir what’ll it be?” she all the time looking him over, trying to make up her mind as to whether he was rich or poor.
“I am in need of;” Wizzo stroked his beard in a thoughtful way. “Shall we say, three skirts and blouses, if you would be so kind----- good ones that is Madam.” 
Mrs. Bones now rubbing her hands together for she could see the amount of bedding and the cot that lay in a pile near the door.
“What size is the lady Sir?” Wizzo thought for a moment.
“In girth” Wizzo stroked his beard, -----“Mr. Bone’s size I would think, but not as tall, -----shoulder height possibly, ---- yes I think that would do quite well.”
Her mouth opened and out came a huge voice, one that matched the size of her so ample body.
“Come back ere Mr. Bones, you’re needed, and make no mistake about it, right now I say Mr. Bones!”
After a second or two Mr. Bones put his heard round the door and in a meek voice said. 
“What’s up my little dumpling,” a muffled voice answered him.
“Come ere Mr. Bones!” She had called out from inside a large wooden crate that she was now half inside. She was making a great effort to sort through what seemed to be a vast number of skirts of all colors shapes and sizes, at last she eased herself out of the box and with a triumphant look on her now glowing red face exclaimed. “Ah this looks about right, come ere you” she said holding the red skirt up to Mr. Bones and waving it at him like a matador would to a bull.
“I ain’t tryin no skirts on,” he said indignantly, and was now backing away from her. 
“Ya don’t ave to try it on ya duffer, come ere;” he meekly shuffled over to her and she with a great deal of fuss fitted it against him, and then turning to Wizzo with a look of achievement on her rosy red face.
“0ws that then Sir, we got plenty this size ----- will it do?”
Wizzo walked around making a great thing of it; the embarrassment on Mr. Bone’s face grew with each passing moment. Wizzo made the most of it, thinking that this was indeed better than any theatre that he had seen for some time, he was enjoying every moment much to the annoyance of Mr. Bones, who was also playing his part admirably. Wizzo scratching his head and stroking his beard took another walk around him just for the fun of it, finally making that all important decision. 
“Yes that will do quite well Mrs. Bones.”
“Good then, that’s two more to find.” Giving the garment to Wizzo she turned around and again dived into the large wooden crate, after a short while she pulled out another two skirts of the same size, one green one brown, Wizzo inspected these and gave his much appreciated approval.
“Now then blouses” she said this more to herself than anybody else. Turning around she looked for Mr. Bones, “where’s e shot of to now, e’s gone faster than a rat up a drain pipe e as,” she opened her mouth and that huge voice bellowed out again. “Mr. Bones there’ll be no ale money for you if ya don’t get back er real quick.” Wizzo’s didn’t fail to see the fleeting smile that went across her face, “I’m telling ya now, shan’t ask again,” she turned and winked at Wizzo. With a noticeable look of excitement about him, Mr. Bones came running back in
“Ale money, my little dumpling.” His hands vigorously rubbing together as if agitated with each other.
“You can move real quick when ya wants to can’t ya, especially when ales mentioned, ya old bugger, come er and try this for size.” He stood obediently in front of his wife as she tried the blouse up against him and waited obediently for Wizzo’s approval.
“Ow’s that Sir?” this time Mr. Bones was smiling, the promise of ale, a night out with the lads, suited him fine.
“You are a wonder Mrs. Bones,” said Wizzo. Mr. Bones on hearing those words quickly disappeared.
“Two more if you please Madam,” they came quickly, they were nice blouses. Two were cream and one white with fine handmade lace round the wrists and neck with pearl buttons down the front. 
“Well that seems to be about all at this time, what do I owe you,” said Wizzo turning on his biggest smile.
“Well now I’ll ave to go and see Mr. Bones and tally up Sir, shan’t be a jiffy.” She came back a few minutes later.
 “I think you’ll be appy with this Sir; it comes to thirty-two shillins and a few coppers. We’ll forget about the copper Sir seeing as how your such a gentleman and all.” Wizzo looked at her with some pretense of surprise. “That’s wiv the delivery an all sir ----- and that beds got to be worth that on its own---- really it as Sir.”
Pulling out his purse reluctantly, he counted out the correct monies; he sighed, because it was about all he had.
“That concludes our business, and I thank you for your courteous service madam, and I bid you a good day.”
“And a very good day to you Sir” she replied.”
Walking out into the yard he found that the cart had been loaded and was ready to go with Mr. Bones sitting up on it holding the reins
“Let’s go Mr. Bones;” Wizzo said as he climbed up onto the cart, “I hope your lady keeps her good word regarding the ale.”
“She will Sir, she aint never broke a promise to me yet” replied the now happy Mr. Bones. As they pulled out of the yard Wizzo turned to him.
“Head out towards Oakdale Mr. Bones.”
“Right you are Sir.” 
They had been travelling for about half an hour with not a word spoken between them. Each had for their own reasons, their own thoughts. 
They were now negotiating the narrow Oakdale road. A high stone wall had been running alongside of them for some time, Mr. Bones had noticed the branches of the oak trees that hung over the walls, his thoughts were disturbed when Wizzo nudged him and pointed to a dirt track that led off the road. 
“Turn off here Mr. Bones;” On going through the opening in the high stonewall they entered the old Oak Forest and followed the dirt road up to the Cottage; Wizzo stepped down and opened the gate.
“If we could just carry it down to the front door I’ll get my man to move it inside.” 
They then proceeded to unload the cart, which didn’t take too long. On completion he accompanied Mr. Bones back to his cart. 
“A good job well done my good fellow.” 
“Thank e kindly Sir, if I can be of service in the future, don’t you forget where we are now.” 
“I will not my good fellow, and I bid you a good day.” With that Mr. Bones turned his cart around and with a flick of the reins went off back through the forest and down the dirt road.
Wizzo went into the Cottage to see Sophie; he was pleased to see that she was fast asleep; he went back out and momentarily looked at the bedding. 
“Follow me he commanded!” He walked back in and up the staircase, the bedding followed strung out obediently behind him. It was a good job Mr. Bones wasn’t here to see these things, to him it would seem as if he were seeing something out of this world, and would probably have run for his life. 
On reaching the bedroom that he had selected for Sophie, he ordered the bed to assemble itself with its head up against the wall. Next came the mattress, sheets, blankets, pillows, and the cot then sailed in through the door placing itself by the window, three pillows following close behind forming a mattress, sheets then blankets, and the last pillow. Wizzo surveyed it; pleased with what he had done he turned and was about to leave when he all most tripped over the skirts and blouses that he in the midst of his self-praise had forgotten. He scowled at the chest of drawers which was up against the wall at the end of the bed, the top drawer flew open and landed on the floor with a crash, Wizzo felt disgusted with himself. Walking over he picked it up making sure that it wasn’t damaged, he apologized and replaced it. The skirts and blouses flew up from the floor and folding themselves neatly were soon stored away, the drawer’s closing when they felt all was well. 
Wizzo went back down to the scullery to make some gruel for himself and Sophie. He was surprised to see that she was still asleep after all the noise he had made, and the cat was back in her lap, all is well he thought, as he walked past, the cat followed him with her eyes, don’t worry I’ll get something for you to. 
When he had finished, having made a large cauldron of his special gruel so as to last them for some days, he put out two bowls, added a good helping of honey, which melted when coming into contact with the hot gruel. This being like no other gruel that anybody had ever tasted, for it was made of many things other than just gruel, so it was full of goodness. He took the two bowls placing one on the small side table next to Sophie and then leaning over he gently woke her up. 
“It’s time to eat Sophie.” She opened her eyes, blinked a few times, then looked straight down at her bulge, 
“Oh! She’s gone she as,” Sophie looked disappointedly at him “she came back she did”.
“Came back” He said more puzzled than ever.
“The Fairy Wizzo, the Fairy. She was so beautiful, so tiny, she flew round for a while, till the cat moved is self, then she come down and went at sleep on me lump, she did,” her voice softened, “I ain’t never seen nuffing the like’s o that,” tears rolled down her cheeks. “When I think of all the bad things I done, an then seeing something so tiny and looking so elpless. I just got to ave this baby, before I weren’t much bothered, thought I was going to die I did, but now I just got to ave it.” Wizzo was now looking at her in the kindest of ways. 
“We shall do all in our power to make sure that all goes well for the little one, and you of course Sophie.”
“Ya didn’t scare er off did ya?” Sophie looked at him with suspicion in her eyes
“She wasn’t here when I came in Sophie, and they usually don’t mind me anyway.”
“Course not. ‘Silly me,” he smiled at her. 
“That’s all right Sophie, there’s a lot of things that you will have to learn and get used to, by the way the cats name is Snowball, he handed her bowl to her. “Now let’s eat shall we.” 
The sun had gone down by now and having finished their meal they were both feeling warm and cozy in front of the fire with Snowball on Sophie’s lap they all fell sound asleep.
On waking in the morning, he looked around and realized that there were no beds slept in last night, looking over at Sophie, who was breathing easily, he could see that snowball was back on the mantelshelf and the Fairy had returned, she was curled up on Sophie’s bulge. 
He had to find out what this was all about. Had the Fairy adopted her, Fairies did that at times, but it was most unusual, he really couldn’t think of any other reason. If this was the case then Sophie was indeed in safe hands, for he knew that Fairies could give their strength to others in their time of need. 
This applied mostly to the ladies when they sometimes found themselves in a desperate situation. They were at times seemingly able to find such great strength and achieve the almost impossible, this was because a fairy had for one reason or another attached itself to them, he hoped that the Fairy was indeed here for that purpose. 
He got up and went out to the scullery taking the bowls with him that had not been cleared away from the night before. He washed them, filled them with gruel, filled up several glasses with water and made his way back, putting the bowl and the two glasses of water on to the small side table for Sophie, he then went back and fetched his own and then gently woke Sophie up. 
“Careful Sophie you have a visitor,” Sophie followed his gaze and looked down, her face became radiant.
“She’s back!” Sophie could hardly control herself,” Wizzo was also surprised at how well Sophie looked and noted that some of the colour had come back into her cheeks.
“You’ll have to get used to it Sophie,” he whispered, Sophie didn’t move. “It’s all right, eat your food, you won’t disturb her”. 
It was in his mind that she must have spun out again and somehow couldn’t find her way back, she must have searched for some time to be so tired, from what he knew of them this was most unusual. Thoughtfully he stroked his beard because he had also noticed that the Fairy was not as bright as she should be.
“Ya sure, she’ll be all right?” Said Sophie not knowing at that time that she was reading his thoughts
“Yes I’m sure she’ll be alright Sophie” he now found it necessary to hide his true feelings from her. 
Sophie reached for her bowl. Not really watching what she was doing she knocked over a glass of water, Wizzo sat back and chuckled, he was feeling the exuberance of the moment and couldn’t help himself, he put his finger to his lips.
“Huuuush, you’ll wake her up,” Sophie feeling better pulled a face, half in fear, half in fun
“Will she be angry?”
“No Sophie, Fairies don’t get angry and you can’t hurt them either.”
“Cant urt um?”
“You could swat her Sophie, but it wouldn’t hurt her, you’d regret it mind. It would feel like a thousand needles sticking in your hand, they tell me that it’s most painful, that’s why snakes cats and other things stay out of their way, they learn at a very early age to stay well clear of Fairies.” Sophie began to eat, looking very thoughtful and then looked up at him.
“So you can't urt the dear little things then?”
“No, Wizard, witch or anything can hurt them,” he always said this although he knew that it wasn’t entirely true, it served its purpose at this time, because Sophie looked tremendously relieved.
“I wouldn’t want to urt er Wizzo,”
“You won't.” Wizzo looked puzzled. 
“Can you hear somebody humming a tune Sophie?” she listened carefully, and then pointing to the window said. 
“It’s coming from out there,” he went over and on looking out found himself staring down into the eyes of a gnome. He was a funny looking little fellow with a big round bulbous nose, it was larger than normal there again so were his podgy red cheeks. He had a beautiful full grown beard that seemed well combed and looked after, which was a little strange for a Gnome they usually didn’t bother too much about their beards. 
His little brown hat had a small hole in the brim of it so that his left ear could poke through, the other ear being quite visible and of the same large size was poking out from under the brim on the other side, this made him look quite unique. 
He had on a little green jacket; this was pulled in at the waist with a brown leather belt fastened with what looked like a bright shiny gold buckle. That again was a little odd, usually they would spend some time carving their own little designs into their buckles and they would normally be fashioned out of wood. He also looked to be a very clean and tidy Gnome, even to the point of being fastidious; there was also a great deal of pride in his eyes. 
Wizzo when he was very young had wondered about the size of their noses. It wasn’t until he actually saw one smelling a flower that he noticed how much that little bulbous nose quivered with the excitement and the pleasure that it gave them, he understood then why Gnomes worked so hard on their gardens. He also found out much later when he was able to hear and feel the thoughts of others what an extreme pleasure it was for them. When he smelt a rose, all the roses on that tree would smell the same, this was not so for a Gnome, their noses was so sensitive that even roses on the same tree would each have their own individual and entirely different smell. 
This gnome had arrogance and pride and when he looked up at Wizzo, he showed it.
This startled Wizzo, a Gnome had never, ever looked at him like that. “Sorry!” was all he could think of saying and then smiling he turned and said to Sophie. 
“There’s a gnome out here, a cute arrogant little fellow, it looks like his fixing up the garden.” 
“Can I see im?” Asked Sophie almost pleading with him, Wizzo thought about that for a minute.
“I’ll carry you.” Going over and picking her up gently so as not to disturb the Fairy he carried her to the window. The gnome, who was now back to his digging stopped, looked up and smiled at her. 
“He smiled at you; --- he didn’t smile at me!” said the dejected Wizzo. Sophie looked at the Gnome for some time.
“E’s all chubby and lovely ---- and look at is funny at, one ear out and one ear in,” the Gnome bowed to Sophie in a most reverent manor, Sophie laughed; “Es got a big red conk.”
“What’s a big red conk Sophie?” Wizzo asked. She looked reproachfully at him.
“His nose silly,” she said teasing him by pocking his nose with her skinny finger that had a dirty nail on the end of it.
“Oh” - it is big isn’t it - and very sensitive to, they use it for smelling flowers, that’s why they spend all their time on their gardens, they just love smelling flowers, their very life seems to depend on it.” Sophie was looking out at the large derelict garden 
“How can e do all that garden, es only tiny?” Wizzo laughed.
“You have a good point Sophie but what’s more important is, what’s he doing here?” He looked down at the Fairy who was still asleep on her bulge, “That’s it, he must have come at the request of your Fairy, or if not your Fairy another, I see no other reason why he should be here, but then again why would she want a Gnome. Sophie and Wizzo looked at each other.
“Don’t look at me, you’re the one oo’s supposed to know all these fing’s.”
“It gets more mysterious by the minuet Sophie.” The Fairy woke up, yawned, stretched herself and looked up at them both. She looked to see what they were looking at, stood up and waved to the gnome. The Gnomes smile got huge, it stretched from ear to ear, his cheeks got redder, he waved back, jumping up and down full of excitement, after a short while he turned away from them and started working feverishly in the garden. The Fairy went out through the window to join him. Wizzo carried Sophie back to her chair, putting her down he could see that she although happy, was exhausted by it all. 
“Rest is what you need, young lady, all this excitements too much for you, ---- also I think that another spoon of my potion would not go amiss,” he said this with some concern.
After giving her the potion he sank into his chair, sighed, and closed his eyes thinking that, if he rested so would she, it proved to be right, soon she was fast asleep.
He sat there thinking that he should go to the manor to consult the great book, maybe now was not the time, too many things were happening, he would just have to wait and be patient.
He looked over at Sophie. The poor girl hadn’t been in a tub to wash herself for too long, o well he thought the cat and the Fairy didn’t seem to mind, so why should he complain, anyway, she would be strong enough to jump in the tub, maybe tomorrow, or the next day. He then realized that there were no little things around that the ladies used in the course of their daily routine, he would ask her later. He sighed again, it would all be sorted out in good time he thought.
He could hear in his mind that something was going on in the garden. 
He got up and went over to the window. 
He could see the gnome hard at work and much to the annoyance of the little fellow the Fairy was buzzing around him. Wizzo assumed that he would want to do it his way and no other, this would be his garden, and the men folk of the Fairies would tend it following his instructions this being the normal agreement between Gnomes and Fairies. She must want him to do something very special; she wouldn’t dare to interfere otherwise, deep in thought he unconsciously stroked his beard. 
Gnomes can be cantankerous little fellows ‘when’ interrupted in their work. This Gnome had stopped. He now  stood with his hands on his hips, then he wiped his brow with a hanky, gnomes started to sweat when bothered by anybody, the trouble was that thousands of years ago they had been banned from speaking to the Fairies or anybody else for that matter, this was because the fairies could no longer listen to their foul language. Ever since then Gnomes had smiled at everyone and everything, trying in vain to win over the Fairies so that they would return their voices, it looked as though she was asking him to do something for her, he was certainly objecting to it. Gnomes could work hard all day and not break into a sweat; this Fairy would lose this gnome if she wasn’t careful. Wizzo watched with interest, knowing that the gnome would vanish in an instant if he became to perplexed.
The Gnome took his hat of and scratched his head. It always went this way, first the hands on the hips, then they would start to sweat, off would come the hat followed by a scratch of the head, the Fairy seeing this and sensing that something was wrong flew up and kissed him on the nose, he went quite red, or redder than usual. The fairy then left him and came back into the house, hovering over Sophie, the cat knowing that this was not a safe place to be, reluctantly moved to make way for her, she then settling on Sophie’s lump, curled up and went back to sleep. 
Wizzo smiled to himself, he still didn’t know what it was all about. The Fairy had shielded her thoughts and that of the Gnome from him, in fact she showed no interest in him at all, she completely ignored him as if he wasn’t there, he couldn’t understand that either because Fairies had always been his friends. 
He had noticed that on first seeing her she had not been as bright and colorful as most Fairies. He would find out just what was going on in due course. He heard the tiny bell of the timepiece chime, it was time for Sophie to take the potion, he leaned over to wake her, a voice in his head said. 
“Leave her to sleep, it is my task to take care of her and the child!” somewhat surprised he looked down at the Fairy, who was now looking up at him, reluctantly he sat back in his chair. 
“So this is why you are here little one;” he asked, she closed her eyes and didn’t answer.
“It cannot be the only reason, are you not going to tell me?” She curled up and went back to sleep.
She’s definitely giving Sophie her energy, he thought, that’s why she sleeps all the time, well at least I know some of it, he was worried though, Sophie being in such a poor condition and carrying a child that would also be in the same condition. 
He knew that when a Fairy took on the task of giving its energy to someone it sometimes meant that they would give too much of themselves, this was one way that a Fairy after giving everything of herself, her mind exhausted, the pure energy gone from her body, she would disappear and never be seen again. He couldn’t let that happen, he would have to watch the Fairy closely to make sure that all was well. 
This complicated matters a little, he now had two or even three to look after if he counted the baby, it was lucky that he knew the signs to look for in regard to Fairies, if she went too far he would have to go to Shealther. 
Shealther was the Queen of the Fairies at the manor and he would have to ask for their assistance, they would come to look after their sister he was sure of it. He knew that it could be difficult as he didn’t know her name, and he also knew that for some reason she wouldn’t give it to him, she would already have done so had she wanted to. One of the laws of Fairies was! That if a name was not given, they would not come! The Queen of a group of Fairies would know the names of all other Fairies and where they came from.
In the past they had been tricked to many times into leaving the protection of their sisters and had been captured by witches or even worse by Sorcerers, he didn’t like to think about what happened to them, it was to terrible to contemplate. 
He turned his mind to the gnome and went to see if he was still here and had not disappeared. He would have to make sure that the little fellow behaved himself and didn’t give the Fairy any trouble, if he did, a kind word in that little fellows ear should do the trick. He needn’t have worried, the little fellow was out there digging away furiously, Wizzo let out a small sigh of relief and went back and settled himself into his chair.
It was about two hours later that Sophie woke up.
“Careful Sophie,” Wizzo whispered. “She’s asleep on your bulge,” Sophie who was still amazed by it all looked at her Fairy and without taking her eyes from her she asked.
“Why is she er Wizzo?”
“She’s trying to build up your energy Sophie, ---- to give you more strength as it were.”
“Why would she do that?”
“Sometimes a Fairy will take on that task, in this case I don’t know why! Normally they don’t concern themselves with baby boys; I can only think that you or he must be of great importance to her or somebody else ---- it’s all very strange.
Sophie looked down at the sleeping Fairy and smiled.
“Ain’t she beautiful.” -- She sighed and was unable to take her eyes of the Fairy. They both relaxed in their chairs. 
“You’d best have your potion Sophie; we must help her all we can.” Wizzo filled the spoon leaned over and tipped it in; the procedure was followed a second time.
“That’s for the one you missed, now I’d best go and make us something to eat, what would you like Sophie, have you any fancies?”
“Some of them grapes would be nice;” she looked at him as if she might be asking too much.
“Grapes it is then, -- and some bread with plenty of butter on it, cheese and a sliced apple.” Sophie cheekily licked her lips as though in anticipation of what was to come. Wizzo smiled, got up and disappeared into the scullery.
The rest of the day past uneventfully, the Fairy stayed on Sophie’s lap and seeming quite content. Wizzo looked out of the window every now and again, just to see how the Gnome was getting on, he was progressing nicely, and seemed to have forgotten his problems. Wizzo had to smile to himself, when the Gnome threw a weed up in the air, it would disappear in a puff of smoke, so there was very little barrowing to do. Wizzo watched him with interest for some time. It was normal for a Gnome when first arriving to build themselves a small hut out of anything they could find, it wasn’t anything much because as far as a Gnome was concerned he only had to sleep in it. It was also normal and everybody knew that you don’t try to stop a Gnome when he’s working because he would get very annoyed, also when the sun went down and it became too dark to work as it was doing now, he would throw his tools down, then spend the next half hour muttering to himself in his frustration. Nobody went near him at this time, if they did he would throw things at them, Gnomes were good shots and never missed, so it was not a good idea to go anywhere near them when it was dusk. Although it has to be said that they were for the most part happy little fellows who wouldn’t hurt a fly, and would even take great care when digging not to harm the worms. Other damaging insects they just shooed away. These insects seemed to know that the gnome would only do this the one time, so didn‘t come back for fear of their lives, that’s why some people have a lot of trouble with their gardens and others who happen to have a Gnome don’t. 
He looked over at Sophie. She had eaten everything that he had prepared for her and was now fast asleep. He went over and stood close to her. He did this mainly to see if the Fairy was all right, he was not surprised to see that she had faded even more, he wondered if he should take the risk and leave her there all night without watching over her, he decided not to. He would wake every hour, this way he would be sure that no harm came to her.

CHAPTER 4

It was five o’clock in the morning, the tinkling of the tiny bell in the clock woke him up, he looked straight over at the Fairy, all was not well, the Fairies colors had faded even more, he felt that she would only last another two or three hours at the most. He would have to go to the manor and quickly, he had never been angry in his life before but he was angry now. 
Wrapping his cloak around himself, he went outside. It was still dark, he raised his arms in the air, and through his mind he shouted so that every Fairy, Gnome, Goblin, Elf, Pixie, Wizard, Witch, Sorcerer and all those that had the knowing of it would hear him.
‘What fool has sent this Fairy on such a task!” --- He waited for a reply, none came, he was mystified, somebody must know.
He raised his arms up again. 
“I command of you! --- Answer me!” he knew that Fairies don’t live alone, she must have got permission to do such a thing from her Queen or at least told somebody what she was going to do, but still no reply came.
Wrapping his cloak around him he thought of the manor and found himself standing outside its great wrought iron gates and the invisible shield that surrounded it, the dragon sentinels sitting on top of the gateposts at each side stared down at him in muted silence. 
He wasn’t interested in these Dragons with their gilded wings and gold feet, he had never been able to bring them to life, instead he looked at the cast bronze faces, there was one positioned in the center of each gate. 
“Will you let me pass Gate Men!” he called. Slowly they opened their eyes. Realizing that he was in a hurry the gates opened quickly. As soon as they had opened enough, he ran through, then remembering that he could fly, took off down the path and over the stone wall at a rapid speed calling out loudly, “Shealther! Shealther! Where are you? Fairies seemed to come from everywhere. They came out of rocks, bushes, trees and flowers, the glow coming from them lit up the garden and Shealther came forward.
“One of your sisters is in dire need of your help, she has nearly expired with helping another, will some of you come to her aid.” 
“We heard your call Gwarcheidial, what is her name?”
“I know not her name Shealther, she came without my bidding, and hasn‘t told me, but we must hurry because she is dying. I know it’s your rule not to assist unless a name is given, but I beg of you! Please come!”
Shealther looked at him for some time, they had known each other all his life and she was looking to see if there was a change in him that would indicate a problem for her people, she found and sensed only his concern for others. At last she spoke loudly and with some authority.
“I will need five!” on hearing this all the Fairies rushed forward, for there was not one who would not give of herself for another. 
“I thank you all.” She looked around and called out five names. “Wilthom! Grethire! Mather! Shielsome! And you Abrith!” Abrith was one of the oldest in their group and had more knowledge than most. “Come!” said Shealther and then following her the six of them flew up and settled on his shoulders.
‘Thank you little ones,” he said.
He flew up the path to the gates, asking the gatekeepers to be let out; the gates opened quickly, permitting him and the Fairies to leave.
“Hang on tightly!” he said to them. He thought of the Cottage, and the next moment they were there.
On entering, Shealther flew over to the fairy, who was now so dim, she could hardly be seen at all, Shealther gently leaned over her.
“Who has asked you to do this?” she asked. The Fairy looked up at Shealther; her thoughts were so weak they could hardly be heard. 
“It is my task!”
Sophie who was now overcome with sadness looked at him.
“What’s appening Wizzo, what‘s all these Fairies doing er?” asked Sophie, who now sensed that something was terribly wrong. Wizzo thought quickly.
“It is the Fairies time Sophie;”
“She aint gunner die is she?”
Wizzo nodding his head, there were tears in his eyes.
“It would seem that way,” he said sadly now knowing that this Fairy had chosen this task for herself and wouldn’t except any assistance from anybody.
Sophie started to cry, tears streaming down her face.
“She can’t die Wizzo, she just can’t!” 
“We have no say in this matter Sophie, it is her time”
“No it aint! it can’t be! You do something Wizzo,” Sophie looked down at her Fairy and then back at him. “She was alright this morning,” there were tears in her eyes. “Ya got ta do something!”
“I can but try.” He looked sadly at the Fairy, then went over and knelt down in front of Sophie so as to be near her. He knew that if a Fairy had made up her mind to give herself, or had been told to do so by their Queen, there was not much anybody could do about it, nobody knew why they did it, it’s what Fairies do.
Somebody has made a terrible mistake, the wrong instructions given. They would know about it, indeed they would, he would make sure of that. Perhaps he could get her to accept help by using mesmerisation, he knew that this had never been tried before, but in her weak state, it might work. 
He leaned forward and looked kindly into eyes that were once a bright green but were now pale and misty. 
“Little Fairy, I know not your name, only that you have come to us in our time of need. Is it not possible that you might let your sisters give you just a little of their strength thereby saving some distress by living just a little longer so that you may complete your task. The one that you are here to save is in need of more than you alone can give, and surely there must be someone who loves you dearly and who will miss you.” There was a great sadness in his voice, he knew that if the Fairies mind had dulled and become exhausted, she may not understand the importance of what he was saying, but at least she may understand his feelings. 
The Fairy had been watching him, her eyes went from him to Shealther and back again, to his surprise she weakly nodded her head. Shealther beckoned to the other Fairies, they all gathered around and placed their hands on their dying friend. It was an amazing thing to witness, her colour slowly coming back. It was like watching a diamond slowly coming to life and then being held up to the sun, red, blue, green, gold and silver, all the colors of the rainbow started to radiate from her.
Sophie watched with tears streaming down her face. Wizzo reached over and touched her arm.
“It’s all right Sophie!” they’re bringing her back.
“She ain’t gunna die then?”
“No Sophie, she’s not going to die, but it was her time.”
“I knows that!”
Wizzo didn’t want to tell Sophie that the Fairy had nearly given her life for her and the little one, and that it really wasn’t her time because Fairies should never die and don’t usually, but he felt that if Sophie in her condition knew the truth of it, it might be too much for her to bare, he would explain these things to her later. The Fairy grew brighter and brighter until she absolutely glowed, Shealther and her sisters drew back and floated in a circle above her. 
Shealther asked the Fairy her name.
“My name is Athermine, and I thank my sisters for helping me in my task” Shealther looked puzzled.
“I’m supposed to know the names of all Fairies but I don’t know of you Athermine, where are you from?”
“I came from the kingdom of the dragons!” Shealther showed some surprise at this answer.
“Say no more Athermine.” It was more of an order than a suggestion 
“I want to hear more!” said Wizzo.
“You must ask the Great Book Gwarcheidial, for I cannot tell you of these things.”
Wizzo became a little annoyed, but he knew that having used his official name she wouldn’t tell him. Another mystery he thought, how many more will there be before somebody tells this old Wizard what’s going on. 
Shealther satisfied that all was now well, decided that some should stay, Sophie still being in such a poor condition. 
She chose Abrith and Shielsome who were both happy to stay, and in fact were so exited started to spin around in circles. 
“Now then sisters,” said Shealther with some authority, “we’ll have none of that! We can't have you going off to goodness knows where at this time,” slowing down, they obeyed their queen; both of them looked a little embarrassed and disappointed. 
Shealther looked over to the window, there was a small very concerned face looking back at her, she went over and kissed the Gnome on the nose. He having climbed up on the windowsill to see what was happening now fell off backwards; Shealther smiling came back and hovered in front of Wizzo.
“It’s a large garden Gwarcheidial it will need more Gnomes, I will ask if any of the Gnomes and Fairies and their men folk at the Manor would care to return and make this their home. Has your Gnome a partner Athermine?”
“I don’t know, I can assure you Shealther, he’s not my Gnome.”
“You didn’t ask him to come here?” Asked the surprised Wizzo.
“No, and it seems that I don’t know much about Gnomes, I only know that I asked him if he could watch for my friend, I thought he was like somebody else I know. I didn’t know that I was asking him to do something he couldn’t possibly do, and I didn’t even know that you were a Wizard,” she said looking up at him. Wizzo laughed nervously, he was still thinking of how close they had come to losing this beautiful Fairy. 
“No wonder he nearly disappeared,” Wizzo said thoughtfully. 
“He may have heard of you Wizzo and having no other home decided to honor you with his presence,” said Shealther.
“It’s never happened before,” replied Wizzo. “Maybe when he’s in a good mood I’ll ask him, ----- I don’t want him to think he’s not welcome.” They all nodded their approval, he hadn’t realized it at first but Shealther had just called him by his new name.
“It’s still dark Wizzo you’ll have to take us home” Shealther said looking out of the window.
“Indeed I will Shealther, come then.” The Fairies that were going back flew up on to his shoulders; they said their good byes to Athermine. The door and the gate opening for them as he walked outside. They soon found themselves back at the manor, again standing before the great wrought iron gates.
“Will you let us pass Gate Men; their eyes slowly opened; a noticeable frown appeared on their faces.” 
Wizzo realized what was wrong, the last time he had come through the gates he hadn’t thanked them. 
“Gate Men I most sincerely apologies, for in my haste I neglected to thank you,” their faces changed dramatically for they were very expressive, they smiled back at him and the gates opened.
When they were inside, the Fairies took of quickly because there were tales to tell, stories to be told. Fairies loved stories, and this story would go on for years, perhaps even forever.
“I thank you sisters,” Wizzo called after them, and I expect that to be my new name from now on, for I like it well.”
“We like it to Wizzo;” came the reply from a thousand Fairies. That didn’t take them long he thought. He turned and walked back to the gates. 
“Will you let me out gatekeepers;” the eyes slowly opened, the gates remained closed. He hadn’t heard the gatekeepers speak for years, but now in their booming voices they spoke to him. 
“THE GREAT BOOK WISHES TO CONSULT WITH YOU GWARCHEIDIAL, WILL YOU GO TO IT NOW OR HAVE YOU MORE PRESSING MATTERS ON HAND?”
“I will go to it, and I thank you Gate Men;” He turned and walked back down the path. 
It was bordered on each side by six feet high stonewalls; these were built to keep him out when he was a young boy. Young boy’s especially those being trained as Wizards, had been known to be the cause of a lot of mischief in the gardens of the Fairies and Gnomes, so it had become the rule to keep little boys out. This achieved many things; it kept the Fairies happy, and stopped the Gnomes from leaving and the gardens falling into disrepair.
Wizzo stopped dead in his tracks. There were no walls at the Cottage, to protect the garden, the Gnome hadn’t started to put any up, and he was being invaded by Fairies, they were everywhere. He would indeed need to consult the Great book for it seemed that neither Shealther nor Athermine were going to tell him what was going on.

CHAPTER 5

Approaching the large oak door of the Manor he as usual smiled at what he saw. The Manor was started some four thousand years ago when the first Wizard came to this great Oak Forest and decided to stay, he had built the first dwelling, it was only a small stone hut but it had suited his purpose. The next to come found that it was not to his liking, so he extended it to suit his needs. This went on for some four thousand years, as Wizards came and went. The end result was something quite extraordinary, it had towers, spires, steps leading nowhere, balconies with intricate lace wrought iron, Gargoyles, Cherubs, Dragons, Angels and terrifying looking creatures in the most peculiar places, a Wizard being able to stick anything anywhere that took his fancy. There were cannons on the battlements, the ivy had attempted to creep all over it but in places hadn’t as yet succeeded, or had died and was now trying to replace itself, the overall look of it would have been a strange sight indeed to most.
Wizzo approached the large iron bound oak doors, the two carved cherub’s faces that were on them watched and smiled, showing that they were pleased to see him.
Open the doors my friends, I am to consult with the Great book. The doors swung open, the hinges moaned with the effort of it, they were trying to tell him that they were in need of some attention, that being a drop of oil, but as usual he ignored them.
The hallway that he entered had a more organized look than the outside; he stepped onto a hewn, ancient, unpolished wooden floor. The hallway was fifteen feet across and forty-foot long. At the end a grand stairway that branched off to both left and right. Above the stairs there was a large beautiful circular stained glass window, at this time of day with the sun just rising it shone through, sending out a multitude of bright shafts of different colors that went in every direction, this was Wizzo’s addition and he was proud of it. Before the hall had been a dark forbidding place, now at least in the early mornings it was bright with beams of colors shining everywhere, the Fairies loved it and would often bathe in its light. The handrails of the stairs were polished mahogany, with a carved dragon’s head at the base of them. The walls were built of stone and etched with the marks of the stonemason’s tools. The ceilings were oak beamed. There were six suits of armor, three on either side standing as sentinels, alert yet leaning on their open bladed swords. 
He turned to his right facing what seemed to be a blank wall, he tapped on it with his staff, a large iron bound oak door appeared that opened on his command and he entered. 
As soon as he walked in, candles flickered into life, two large chandeliers each holding twenty candles did the same until the room was full of flickering candle light. 
He had entered the great library; its walls were lined with books from floor to ceiling. In the middle of the room, an elaborately carved mahogany stand, on it the book of knowledge rested.
Wizzo went over to it. He placed his hands on the gold lettered cover and spoke to it in the ancient language it understood. 
“You summoned me and I am here to do your bidding.” It answered him in a loud commanding voice.
“You seem to be confused Gwarcheidial, it is not good for my guardian to be confused!”
“I’m concerned and must find somebody to take over my task, I now find that I’m surrounded by Fairies and Gnomes, have I by chance chosen the wrong one?”
“Indeed you have not!” Answered the booming voice.
“Then I don’t understand!”
“You will!”
“Will you not tell me?”
“It needs no explanation and you know all that there is to know;” said the Great Book in a most nonchalant way as if it were already tired of the conversation.
Wizzo knew that the book would tell him no more, so he thanked it. As he left the room and closed the door the chandeliers and candles flickered out as if doused by an unseen hand. He wouldn’t worry about it anymore for he knew that things had been set into motion that he had little or no control over.
As he walked out by the garden he was met by a swarm of Fairies, and their men folk.
“What’s this all about then,” he asked.
“We will gladly return with you Wizzo.” 
“All of you!” they looked around at each other and then back at him.
“Of course!” They all sang out.
He knew that this would be an exciting day for all of them; many had lived here in this garden for hundreds of years or even thousands. There were those that were already getting too excited and spinning around in circles, he would have to calm them down or he would lose some on the journey, never having been out before there was just a chance that some of the younger ones would get lost and not be able to find their way home.
“How many of you are there? --- I really need to know how many so would you please count your selves,” he looked around them. “We have to make sure none go missing, and I have to know who will be your queen, or has she already been chosen?” With all this to think about some of the Fairies began to calm down, there were still those especially the younger ones who it seemed could not control themselves. One had already spun out of control and disappeared, he knew that she would not go far, the strong shield he had placed over the Manor and the surrounding area to protect it would not let her out. The men folk were doing cartwheels up and down the pathway, in their excitement they would disappear every now and again but reappear in the same place. After some time, they all remained still enough to be counted.
“There are one hundred and seventy two of us!”
“And who will be your Queen!” he asked. Shealther came forward and hovered in front of them. Knowing that she would have to choose carefully she took her time. At last she made the all-important decision 
“Elthra will be your Queen ---- and all will obey her!” Elthra didn’t look to pleased with this arrangement, it would mean that she would not be able to play all day, sleep when she liked, there would be duties to perform, ceremonies that must be carried out, and she was still only very young. Shealther felt her uncertainty and reassured her.
“You may not think that I have chosen well Elthra --- especially with you being so young, but you are wise and strong in your young mind although you probably as yet don’t realize it.” Shealther stopped. There was silence for a short while and then she continued. “Elthra who do they come to for advice ---- you! And as young as you are you are able to give it. Who out of your group does not want you to be the godmother of their children, they look up to you, look at them they are gathered all around you Elthra. You were the first to say that you would go, and look what happens; your loving sisters and brothers are all with you!” Elthra looked around her; she was a very humble Fairy and now didn’t quite know what to do. In the past she had given of herself freely, now it would be different, it would be a duty, she could accept it or not, it was her choice to make, because that was the law of the Fairies. 
She could see and feel that they wanted her to be their Queen. 
Her man stood beside her, he could not interfere in her decision for that was also the law, this must be her choice, even knowing that if she chose to be Queen it would affect him in many ways. There was absolute silence as they all waited patiently for her answer.
“I accept,” she said quietly and with humility. The fairies curtsied, the men bowed, this was a most solemn moment for them all. Another Queen had been chosen, one who would serve her people forever, no one could change it once her word had been given and accepted, not even she, it had been accepted as if etched in stone so it now became an excepted part of their lives.
It was now up to Shealther to transfer though her mind and into Elthra’s things that only Fairy Queens knew, or needed to know. Shealther addressed them all.
“As you all know there is normally a great ceremony that goes with the making of a new Queen and I know that you will all be disappointed, but under the circumstances I think that it will have to come later.” Shealther went up to Elthra, then placing her hands on her head said.
“I hereby pass on the knowledge and the knowing of it to Queen Elthra, whom we have chosen and she has honorably accepted. Be this for all time and forever more!” All the Fairies were now flying around her in a large circle and there men folk had also formed a circle around her on the ground, they were all bowing and thanking her for accepting this great and honorable task.
Wizzo stepped forward and bowed deeply to her. “
“I must ask you now to all come with me little ones and I will take you to your new home.” Elthra went to Shealther and kissed her and then turning she spoke as their Queen for the first time.
“Sisters and Brothers --- let’s go to our new home.” She flew over to Wizzo and sat on his shoulder, he pulled the hood of his cloak over his head and was soon covered with exited, chattering Fairies and their men folk, on reaching the gate, he asked the Gate Men if he would kindly let them out.
“We all need to be let out sang the Fairies.
A seemingly surprised voice boomed out! 
“You all wish to leave?” Elthra flew forward.
“I am ‘Elthra! Their new Queen duly elected, we wish to go to another place, --- will it please you to let us pass?”
The voices boomed out. 
“It pleases me not! --- We will be sad to see you go, but if it be your wish Elthra, Queen of these Fairies we acknowledge you. The gates opened slowly, they were soon outside, the gates closing sadly behind them.
With his arms and his head covered in Fairies, he called to them. 
“Hold on tightly little ones!” the next moment they were at the Cottage. 
“Count your selves” called out Elthra; it was proving difficult for her to count them. 
The men were doing cartwheels and somersaults in every direction. The older Fairies were trying to calm the younger ones who were again getting over excited and spinning round, but at least now if they got to exited and spun out of control, they would know where their new home was and come straight back to it. 
Wizzo breathed a sigh of relief, he could see that they were all there, even the one that had spun to fast and found herself up against the shield that protected the manor from intruders; even she had managed to control herself and was there.
“Make your selves at home little ones” he said. 
The Gnome came out to see them all, he was so excited that he did a little dance, then realized that he was making a fool of himself, he looked at them shyly, his cheeks glowing red, he then dashed off to make a rockery for them to hide and sleep in.

CHAPTER 6

Gnomes never danced, they worked, and when the work was finished, they would find themselves a nice place to sit and lean there weary backs on. They would then proudly survey their achievements. This they would do for some considerable time, and in the end nod off to sleep, they were extremely good at digging and sleeping.
Wizzo went back inside, Sophie whose eyes were still a little red and swollen from crying, at the thought of losing her Fairy, now at least she was trying to smile a little.
‘We’d best have something to eat Sophie; after all this excitement I think that we’re in need of it; how about some of my special gruel that you like so much?” She nodded.
He was about to leave the room to make something to eat but stopped, he stood there stroking his beard deep in thought and then turned to Sophie.
“Athermine seems not concerned with the other Fairies; it’s most strange!”
“What’s strange Wizzo?”
“Fairies like to be together; they usually love the company of others. Maybe she’s of a different type, there are different types of Fairies I suppose, mind you I have never seen one of a different type, she doesn’t look any different from the others does she?”
Sophie was now closely examining Athermine. 
“She’s a lot greener than them others!” she said without looking up at him. He leaned closer. 
“Your right Sophie, she is, but at least now it’s a bright green” 
“Why is she greener Wizzo?” He looked mystified! 
“I have no idea Sophie.”
“Will she leave me when her task is done?”
“When her task is done Sophie, she will have to return to those who sent her I’m afraid”
“Thems that sent er, I thought she came on er own like!”
“Maybe she did; but someone knew. Someone must have allowed her to come here to look after you.”
“Who’d do somfing like that? She asked.
“It could have been her Queen, or somebody else of great importance to her, whoever it was didn’t put much thought into it, they almost took her life.”
“You was angry weren’t ya Wizzo?”
“Was and still am, --- it’s the first time I’ve known myself to be angry.”
“I heard you out there shouting out to themes that sent her!”
“You heard me!”
“Course I did, everyone in the whole world must ave heard ya yelling at the top of ya voice!” Wizzo couldn’t understand this, he had called out through his mind, this turn of events intrigued him, he had suspected that maybe she understood his thoughts.
“What did I say Sophie?” She looked at him as if she didn’t understand why he would ask such a silly question.
“You said! What fool has sent this Fairy on such a task”.
“But I spoke only through my mind Sophie”
“Well I heard ya, clear as day I did!”
“Can you hear what the Fairies say?”
“Course I can! That’s how I knew she would leave;” there were now tears in her eyes.
“Sorry Sophie that’s the way it is, --- but if she does have to go I’m sure that she’ll come back to see you.” With this thought in her mind she cheered up. 
“That’s all right then, you don’t know how long she’ll be gone I suppose?”
“Not for long I think. I have a feeling that she will have to go back and tell whoever it was that sent her what has happened.” His sigh signified to her that he was somewhat mystified by the whole thing. “What I really don’t understand is that I’m unable to communicate with them ---- whoever they are ---- where ever they are. The land of dragons was mentioned, I don’t know where that is, or even that it existed. I can only think that it must be shielded!”
“Shielded!” What’s that Wizzo?”
“A Shield is placed over an object, this stops anybody from entering or leaving without permission, and not even thoughts can pass through it, --- or enter for that matter. The Manor is guarded in the same way, even I have to get permission to enter or leave, and it can be a nuisance when one is in a hurry as I was this morning.
“Who do you have to ask?”
“Whoever wishes to enter must first ask the gatekeeper Sophie.” Sophie looked puzzled and asked.
“What happens if they don’t let you in?”
“For me it’s never been known to happen.”
“What about me then!”
“I have no idea Sophie. We should try it one day and see what happens.” There was now a look of excitement on her face. 
“Can we?”
“When you are well, we’ll try.”
“You mean they might let me in?”
“I don’t see why not, aren’t you a good person Sophie?”
“Do you ave to be good Wizzo, I mean really good,” Sophie looked concerned. “I done something’s I ain’t too proud of.” 
“I think that the gate men will overlook your wrong doings; you must tell them what they are of course;”
“Ya mean I ave to tell um everything?” 
“Of course Sophie!”
“Blimey! They ain’t going to let me in, for sure they ain’t”
“Have you been that bad Sophie?”
“I ain’t telling! --- and I ain’t going to tell them gates ever. Wizzo  smiled.
“Ain’t nuffing to smile about Wizzo?”
“I’m sure we can sort it out Sophie.” She answered sadly.
“It’ll take some sorting it will.”
“Well we won’t be going there for some time yet, --- maybe the good things you do from now on will compensate for all the bad things you think you might have done in the past.”
“Don’t think so, came the sad reply.”
“We shall see, we shall see.” Inwardly he was smiling; he knew that she had done nothing wrong in her life to warrant the gate men refusing her entry so he changed the subject.
“Now then, how about something to eat?” She eagerly nodded her head. He went out to the scullery and realized that there were no more grapes left. He wrapped his cloak around himself, and was gone. 
He returned five minutes later almost knocking Sophie over as he reappeared. She jumped back. 
“Where you been”? He unloaded the grapes from out of his cloak onto the table
“That’s where I’ve been;” her eyes lit up.
“They look real nice they do, where’d you get um from?”
“Italy ---- it’s quite nice over there this time of the year, here have a bunch ---- are you all right? He reached out and took her arm. “You look a bit on the wobbly side.” She was trying to understand just how he was able to go to Italy and back again in such a short time and didn’t know whether to believe it or not. She looked down at Athermine who was sitting in the palm of her hand, who now flew up and hovered in front of her. Sophie had been supporting her lump with her left hand, and realizing that she had so much to learn, she sighed, then seeing the grapes being offered to her, her mind turned to food.
“I’ll be alright after these, you see if I ain’t!” With that she was back into her chair followed closely by Athermine who settled back contentedly on her bulge while Sophie leaned back munching the grapes. 
As Wizzo cut up the last of the bread he realized that he would have to ask the little people to bake some more. Being that they were so shy and wouldn’t come out during the day, he would leave the flour and the yeast out tonight and they would have fresh baked bread in the morning. Putting plenty of butter on the last of the bread and then cutting up some cheese and meat he put it onto two plates, having taken them in he returned to get two glasses of goats milk, then went back and sat down with her. 
He finished his meal and went outside. The sun was going down, he floated up the pathway and asking for permission to leave went outside the Cottage gate. 
He listened to the evening song of the birds. So that he could hear each individual sound he was there for some time letting his ears adjust. He realized when he had finely tuned his ears that he could hear a heart beat out there somewhere. He couldn’t sense any danger, and couldn’t hear their thoughts. He knew that if this person had a cloak about them, they could hide their thoughts within it, under these circumstances he could take no chances. The cane that he always carried changed to his staff, raising his arms in the air, he called out the words to put a strong shield over the forest, thereby allowing nobody to leave or enter; if they were in here, they would not be able to escape. 
He flew towards the sound of the heartbeat. 
As he moved closer, he could sense something more than just a quickening heartbeat, he could sense fear! He found himself standing before an old oak tree stump hollowed out with age, a Tree Elf was sitting on top of the stump pointing down to an opening at the base. Wizzo tapped on the stump with his staff. 
“Come out from in there!” he commanded, nothing moved, “come out I say, or I will turn you into a mouse and have done with it!” 
First a small dirty hand appeared then a head with very long matted hair attached to it. 
The little fellow took one fearful look at Wizzo and made of around the back of the stump, in his haste almost tripping over his to long, dirty tattered garments. He pulled them up and set of as fast as his little legs and bare feet would carry him, running as if for his life. If this little fellow was a Gnome, thought Wizzo he would have disappeared, that’s what they do when they get frightened so he certainly wasn’t a Gnome, not wishing to frighten the little fellow any more than he had to Wizzo casually floated along behind him. 
They soon reached the dirt road that wound its way through the forest. 
The little fellow now believing that he had a chance to make his escape made off down it like a frightened rabbit, only to find his way bared by the two large wrought iron gates with a gate keepers face in the center of each one, these belonged to the shield Wizzo had put around the forest. 
He tried franticly to open them, unaware that the two stern bronze faces of the Gate Men were watching him. He then tried to squeeze himself between the bars of the gates. At first they seemed wide enough, but then the bars seemed to come closer together. He would then dash off to another part of the gates only to find that the bars would close up as soon as he ran up to them. He tried to climb up, only to be thrown to the ground for his efforts. He then tried to scale the high stone walls either side of the gates, again he was thrown back, in the end he gave up altogether and then brushing himself down he turned to face what he thought was his worst nightmare, a most powerful and dreaded Wizard. He was now resigned to his fate. He had a great fear of Wizards, many years ago one had shrunk him in the belief that he had not looked after the people that had trusted him, so looking up at Wizzo with fear in his eyes and in a timid and frightened voice said.
“Don’t hurt me great and mighty Wizard for I mean no harm. I will just leave this place if that is your pleasure. 
“I will not harm you little fellow, but I need to know who you are and what you are?” Wizzo had never seen or heard of anything that resembled this little chap; he was unable to make him out at all.
Coming forward he stood before Wizzo and then leaning back so that he could look up at him placed his hands on his hips in a gesture of false bravery and announced that he was a ‘Brobdingagian; this word coming from the old language meaning giant.
“And my friends call me; a shy look crossed the little fellow’s face, Pee Wee!”
“Pee Wee indeed; that’s not the name for a giant,” said Wizzo
“Athermine gave it to me, and I like it well!” he said proudly. “It wasn’t always my name; I used to be a giant, a good giant, I looked after the people, but then after a great battle with another giant because they wanted to take over our lands. In defeating him it was the custom to drink a small amount of his blood, I didn’t like the idea of that but was convinced by my people that after such a great victory it was only right that I should to follow this custom. The two bloods didn’t mix well, I changed, I dare not tell you what I did or how the people suffered, in the end they saved up enough gold and sent for Loffyn the great Wizard who shrunk me. Sometime after that Athermine and I ended up in the secret land of the Dragons. 
Wizzo searched his mind for the name of Loffyn. In his library he had most of the books that were written by Wizards Witches and sorcerers, but he couldn’t associate the name with any of the books that he had. He became a little annoyed with himself because he knew or thought that there must be some reference to him somewhere in his extensive library but he couldn’t think where.
“Well never mind that;” said Wizzo, you mentioned the name Athermine.” 
“I came to look after her if I could!”
“Did you not hear me call out?”
“Who could not; the whole world must have heard you.”
“Then why didn’t you come forward Pee Wee?” The now embarrassed little fellow looked down at the floor.
“I feared for my life, and although I love her dearly, what could I do, I have no magic powers! I only came to watch and help if I could.”
“You mean ‘Sent to watch! By whom ---- those that sent her?”
“Nobody sent her great Wizard, she wished it!”
“I don’t understand!” said Wizzo now stoking his bead.
“Athermine heard them talking about the condition of the little one that is about to be born, and how they feared for its life. They tried to stop her, they really did, but she took no notice. They even warned her of the danger to herself, but she said that it was a serious matter and that she would attend to it for them, so she is here, and I fear for her, --- is she all right Mighty Wizard?”
“She is well. I summoned other Fairies so that they might give her their energy and the will to continue with her task; --- she will not be put off from it.”
“When I heard you call out, I feared that I had lost her.” Wizzo could sense no danger in this little fellow so he asked him.
“What has all this to do with Dragons?”
“I know nothing except that they feared for the life of the little one and it’s mother.”
“Why would they fear for its life?”
“I don’t know, but it was important to them” 
“Where is this secret place of the Dragons,” Peewee thought for a moment then shrugged his shoulders.
Wizzo could see that he wasn’t going to get the information that he wanted from this little fellow so he asked him.
“Do you want to see Athermine?”
“I only wish that it could be so!” Wizzo was looking into Peewee’s mind and knew that he was telling the truth.
“Indeed, if that is your wish.”
“You would grant me such a wish Mighty Wizard?”
“Only if you behave yourself.”
“Tis a promise that I make, and one that I will keep” said Peewee eagerly.
Wizzo went up to him, picked him up and tucked him under his arm, the next moment they were back at the gate to the Cottage. Putting him down, he told him. 
“You must ask the Gate Man if he will be pleased to let you pass Pee Wee, there are two shields around this place, this is the second, you know of the first.” Peewee looked up at him.
“I haven’t forgotten, ----- what if he refuses me, will he hurt me?”
“No he just won’t let you pass, that’s all!” Peewee could see the Gate Man looking at him and he had heard of Gate Men and what they could do. He finally picked up the courage to ask.
“Will you let us in please Gate Man?” 
“I KNOW YOU NOT, WHAT IS YOUR NAME?” the booming voice was so loud that Peewee fell over backwards, Wizzo helped him up and indicated that he should talk to the Gate Man.
“My name is Peewee and I’m a friend of Athermine and I wish to enter Gate Man.”
“GWARCHEIDIAL I KNOW HIM NOT, IF HE IS TO ENTER we PUT HIM IN YOUR CHARGE, I SENSE NO DANGER IN HIM BUT EVEN SO ONE MUST BE CAUTIOUS.”
“I will be responsible for him Gate Man and we thank you.” The gate opened, Wizzo picked the little fellow up, and again tucked him under his arm, the door to the Cottage opened. Wizzo put him down in the hallway and nodded towards the open living room door.
“Athermine is in there;” pulling up his garments the little fellow ran inside calling out her name.
“Athermine! Athermine!” Wizzo followed him in and watched with interest.
Athermine at the sound of his voice flew to him kissing him on the noise; she was then unable to stop herself from spinning around.
“Calm yourself little one, he said soothingly, I thought I’d lost you once and felt that my very spirit had gone from me, please try not to leave me again. Slowly she became less of a blur, when she finally stopped spinning she kissed him on the noise again; his face by now was alive and glowing from all this attention.
“You’ve never kissed me twice before my love!” He said.
“I hadn’t realized how much I would miss you, I knew you were here, but how did you get out?”
“I asked the Dragons, and they asked those that have the knowing of all things if I could come and look after you, I think they were concerned, so they let me, although I really don’t know why because I‘m a useless thing.”
“I don’t think you are; and they can’t think that you are, otherwise they wouldn’t have sent you, I am sure they have their reasons, they always do.”
Wizzo could see that these two should be one, but under their circumstances it would be impossible. He wondered if he might overcome the impossibility with the help of the Fairies, Wizzo walked out to the scullery, he came back carrying a small stool and offered it to Pee Wee.
“Here you are my good fellow, something for you to sit on.
“I thank you for the stool great and mighty Wizard, I can see now that my fears of you were unfounded, I also thank you for looking after Athermine and not changing me into a mouse when I was so foolish as to run from you. Wizzo laughed.
“Now that I know your circumstances Peewee, it would seem that you have many a good reason to fear Wizards.”
“Indeed I have --- more so than most I think.” Wizzo realized that Athermine was actually speaking to Pee Wee using her voice. As he understood it only high ranking Fairies could achieve such a thing or even thought it necessary.
Sophie who had by now been woken from her nap by all the talking was staring at Peewee. Wizzo introduced him.
“This is Athermine’s friend; his name’s Peewee.”
“Allo” Pee Wee, we was beginning to think Athermine had no friends and nobody would come.” Sophie was looking at his long hair and beard, his ragged clothes and the mess he was in. “Looks like you come a long way Pee Wee, there’s a tub out there in the scullery, Wizzo’s been thinking that I should use it, I know e as.”
“I meant no offence Sophie, but seeing that you mentioned it, it might be a good idea for you both.”
“I ain’t getting into no tub wiv im!”  Said the now indignant Sophie, Wizzo couldn't help but burst out laughing.
“I didn’t mean for you to be both in the tub at the same time Sophie.”
“I ain’t been well enough; I can't elp it if I stink!” She said with a gloomy look on her face. 
“As soon as you are well enough will be soon enough, now I’d best make us something to eat.” Seeing the embarrassment he had caused he made his escape to the scullery. He popped his head back round the door and called out.
“Are you hungry Peewee?”
In answer to his question he got an eager nod of the little fellow's head who since being here hadn’t taken his eyes off Athermine.
Wizzo returned a short time later carrying three plates, one he gave to Sophie and another to Peewee, he sat down with his. After a while Wizzo noticed that Peewee wasn’t eating, he was just sitting there looking at his plate.
“Something wrong Peewee?” he asked. Peewee looked rather apologetic.
“Can’t eat meat, nor that smelly stuff;” he was referring to the cheese.
“You like fruit and nuts perhaps, things like that,” said Wizzo
“Please if it‘s not too much trouble;” Wizzo couldn’t be bothered going back into the scullery, instead a bunch of grapes and an apple came sailing through the scullery door and onto the little fellows plate and at the same time the cheese and meat disappeared.
“How will that do for a start?” Pee Wee grabbed the bunch of grapes and with as many as he could stuff into his mouth at one time replied.
“This will be fine.” When he had finished his first mouth full Peewee glanced up at Wizzo. “I was beginning to think that maybe you weren’t such a great Wizard.” He looked back at the seemingly huge bunch of grapes that he was holding in both hands and continued to eat ravenously, saying no more.
It was now late in the evening; Sophie took some more of her potion.
“Do you want me to carry you up to your bed Sophie?”
“Not wiv out going in the tub first Wizzo.”
“Would you like to do that then, do you feel strong enough?” She thought about this for a while.
“Do ya think Alice would come er and elp me?” 
“It’s a bit late tonight Sophie, but I could go tomorrow and ask her --- she’s a kindly lady but it troubles me. --- I just hope that she will be able to understand all the things that go on here,” Sophie brightened up with the thought of somebody to talk to especially her friend Alice. 
We shall see. I’m off to my bed then, I bid you all a good night.”

CHAPTER 7

The next morning he was up before the sun. He put out three plates of his special gruel, ate his and left the other two by the fire to keep warm. He harnessed Hopeful up to the Dogcart and was soon on his way. The horse feeling fresh set off at a good brisk pace. 
On entering London he was surprised at how busy the streets were at this time, then he remembered that it was Saturday. The Flower sellers were already in their places of business, he supposed that this was in case somebody else took the best positions. He had in the past seen many a fight between two buxom women over their rights to a particularly good spot, the biggest nearly always won and sent the loser on her way. He’d never seen a man join in or take part, it must be something of an unwritten law between them he thought. He made his way around venders pushing barrows and often getting cursed in his haste for he had a lot to accomplish that day. 
He took short cuts down narrow dirt lanes and along cobbled streets. He wouldn’t normally go this way if there was fog about but there was no fog today so it didn’t take them long to get to Algate. On their arrival at the workhouse he went in search of Alice
 First he came across the big fellow with the pock marked face, he had his hands full and with a total lack of etiquette was busy consuming half a cob filled with chunks of cheese. Wizzo didn’t need to approach him to find Alice but he did.
“I would be obliged if you could tell me the whereabouts of Alice my good man!” He asked politely.
“If ya go down there Sir you’ll find er at the far end of the hall all with the children.” Wizzo thanked him and was about to walk away, when he was asked.
“Ow’s are Sophie doin? 
“Sophie’s doing well and I thank you for asking.” Wizzo excused himself and made his way down an almost dark corridor with no windows and found himself-looking through double doors into a very large hall. 
Inside were about two hundred people of all ages, some were queuing up with tin plates in their hands, others were seated eating what seemed to be the cheapest, lumpiest gruel that he had ever seen in his entire life, he watched as they served it out. 
This was done with a wooden spoon that with some effort was thrust into the mixture and then pulled out with a lump of this gruel stuck to the end of it. The gruel was then forced off the spoon by hitting it against the lip of the iron cauldron, it then landed with some force on the tin plate in a lump. 
Wizzo could imagine what would happen if the plate wasn’t held tightly enough, it would all end up on the dirty floor, so most of them rested their tin plates on the side of the giant iron pot to make sure that this didn’t happen. 
He looked down the dimly lit hall at the rows of wooden tables and the people hunched over them. He could see that some had no spoons at all and were forced to scoop the thick gooey mess up into their hungry mouths with their dirty fingers, he wondered how it was that they managed to survive on it. 
For light, there were only three small widows down at the far end and these looked as if they hadn’t been cleaned for years, if ever! So the hall was dark except for one flickering candle in the center of each long table, this had a way of making the occupants look like ghostly phantoms. Wizzo thought that this was some consolation because with the place being so dark at least the poor people couldn’t see what they were eating. 
When his eyes had got accustomed to the darkness he managed to see Alice down at the far end of the hall attending to a group of what looked like children; he started to make his way in that direction.
“Oy! What you doing er?” Shouted a large robust lady who seemed to care little for those she pushed as she forcibly made her way towards him. “I don’t remember you, where’d ya come from. Ya can’t come in er for a free meal, be off with ya now!”
“I thank you for the offer of a meal kind lady, but at this time I’m afraid I must decline your invitation. I’m looking for Alice, I believe that to be her name.” Wizzo’s smile had the effect of softening most hearts but not this one.
“What you want er for?” She was making some effort and trying to see all of his face that remained hidden under the hood of his cloak, all she could see was a mouth smiling at her. 
“I have some business with her,” he looked around as if looking for Alice and then proclaimed. “Ah I see her!” He made his way quickly past the woman and smiled at her again, but this woman was as hard as nails and it had no effect on her at all, I must be losing my touch he thought.
“Alice, may I have a moment of your time?” He called out still some distance from her. Alice looked up from tending the children
“Why Mr. Burn Bright what brings you here, is our Sophie all right?” She called as she negotiated her way down the small Isles between the crowded tables towards him.
“Indeed she is Alice, thanks to you and some dear friends of mine.”
“Bless er art; she’s doing real well then?”
“Yes extremely well and I’ve no doubt that she will appreciate your concern.”
“And the little one Mr. Burn Bright, is it alright?”
“Both are well and I’m hoping will survive the experience.” 
“Bless ya Sir, I knew ya was a gentleman, the large woman unable to pass him in the narrow walkway, was now standing behind him listening to every word.
“What’s this all about then Alice?” She asked in a low toned manly voice.
“This kind gentleman took Sophie into is care he did!”
“Did he indeed, for what purpose?”
“To take good care of her madam, and for no other reason than that!” Wizzo said without even turning around. The big woman now put on her best charm; she thought that she might be able to get rid of one or two more of the women who had managed to get themselves into the same situation. 
“We got some more you can ave Sir, I’m sure you being the gentleman that you are would take good care of um ---- with the best intentions of course I might add.”
Wizzo ignored her.
“Sophie is in need of your assistance for a day or two Alice, would it be possible for you to come with me?” Wizzo felt the hot flush of anger coming from behind him.
“Now wait on a minute, she-ain’t going nowhere, not wiv out my permission, an my permission costs money it does.” The hall had gone silent; two hundred pairs of dirty ears were now listening intently to every word.
He could feel the woman behind him; she was desperately trying to influence him with her mind. The silly woman is trying to mesmerize me. He smiled to himself and kept his back to her. 
He had known as soon as he had seen her that she thought herself somewhat of a witch and one with a great deal of power, or thought she had. He was being careful so as not to arouse her suspicion and in doing so he pulled his cloak closer, making sure that it covered him completely, this way her mind would simply hit a blank wall and she would not hear his thoughts and wouldn’t suspect anything.
“I’m not a man of great wealth Madam, will two copper coins be enough?” he said this while he was still facing away from her?”
“Two copper coins indeed! Six copper coins if ya ave it------ or she don’t go nowhere --- and that’s just for the day mind you!”
“Reluctantly pulling out his purse he made a great show of emptying it onto the nearest table, a few copper coins fell from it. Wizzo then looked into his empty purse and shook it to signify that it was empty.
“There you are madam, paid in full I believe.” All through this transaction he had never looked at the woman, he had as soon as possible turned away from her to face Alice. 
The old witch was making a great fuss over counting and checking each coin and at long last found it to be correct, she then as if to further enforce her authority looked over Wizzo’s shoulder and spoke sternly to Alice.
“Off with ya then Allis!” She came right up behind Wizzo and tapped him on the shoulder. She was so close that he could smell her stale breath coming through her blackened teeth, then she said in the loudest possible voice so that just about everybody in the hall could hear. “Mind you bring er back, you er! In good order to! Or it’ll cost ya more --- a lot more. --- and no hanky panky!”
“I will indeed bring her back in good order madam -- you have my word on it.” He smiled and winked at Alice, “And there will be no Hanky Panky as you call it. --- if I have a need of Alice for an extra day or two, can I assume the price to be six pence a day?”
“Indeed ya can! And mind you! Not a penny less!”
“It will indeed be a heavy price to pay for a man in my position but a bargain is a bargain. I thank you for being so understanding, come along Alice there are matters that must be attended to;” With that he swept round the old witch, shielding his face from her with Alice following close behind they headed with as much haste as possible for the door. They went past the big fellow in the hall who was still in the same place casually leaning up against the wall, by now he only had half of his giant cheese sandwich left.
“Where ya off to then Alice?” He asked with a smirk on his face. Wizzo answered him.
“Alice has found herself a position with me for a day or two.”
“Found ya self a position ave ya, good luck to ya love, you come back quick now, there’s them that’ll miss ya.” He then spoke to Wizzo. “She’s all right she is mister, she’ll take good care of ya she will!” he said laughing. Looking at the man as if he were some kind of grub Wizzo like a gentleman took hold of Alice by the arm.
“Come Alice, we shouldn’t linger here.” 
Once outside he helped her up into the Dogcart, he then climbed in beside her. Taking hold of the reins he turned and smiled at her. 
“You shall not remember where we are going, or the direction of it Alice, just be happy that you are leaving this place for a short time.” He flicked the reins and they were on their way, he had to take this precaution, the witch may have suspected something and he couldn’t risk her finding out and getting up to goodness knows what kinds of mischief.
Alice sat beside him with a smile on her mesmerized face; this gave Wizzo time to study her. 
He reasoned that she was by nature a kindly person who with still some pride left in her held herself well. She was sitting upright with her lean hands placed neatly in her lap, her face was round and kindly with her hair tumbling down all around it then settling down over her shoulders. 
Her dress or what was left of it was black and had been patched a good many times, but she still wore it with some dignity even though it was a little on the short side and showed more of her ankles than was normal, this being against all the rules of fashion at this time. 
He then noticed her feet with neat buttoned up shoes on them, although clean they had seen better days, her feet as if always having been in the same position were placed neatly together. 
When they reached their destination she didn’t even acknowledge the gates opening and closing behind them. He entered the Cottage from the rear, helping her down from the Dogcart, he took her into see Sophie, as soon as Sophie caught site of her, her eyes lit up. 
“Allow Alice, they let you out then?” Alice just stood there, her eyes not even blinking. “You all right Alice?” said Sophie looking keenly at her. Wizzo’s hand came up and he snapped his fingers.
Alice came instantly awake and looking straight at Sophie was now smiling as if nothing had happened. 
“Allow love’ how are ya?”
“I’m fine Alice and getting stronger every day thanks to Wizzo and me Fairy. Alice was now staring at the Fairy on Sophie’s lump.
“What’s that?” she asked.
“That’s me Fairy Alice, her name’s Athermine,” Allis bending down looked closer at Athermine 
“Your avin me on ain’t ya?”
Wizzo went up to Alice and put his arm around her.
“You have entered what must be a strange world dear lady. You will find that there are many strange things and happenings that go on around here, I beg of you not to be alarmed, you’ll find us all quite sane and in our right minds, by the way Alice this is Pee Wee.” Alice turned to see who she was being introduced to and then took a step back almost falling on top of Sophie. Wizzo explained.
“He was a giant but misbehaved himself, he was shrunk by a Wizard I’m afraid, he’s been like that for over a thousand years.” Wizzo was trying to be as natural as possible. “Outside there are Fairies and a Gnome, the Gnome’s fixing up the garden at this time and if you happen to go out there it would be best not to disturb him. Gnomes are inclined to get a little upset if somebody interferes with them while they’re working. 
“Now then Alice we need you to look after Sophie. She has a desperate need to get into a tub of nice hot water, if I go and get that ready, you can if you like go upstairs to her room which is the first on the right at the top of the stairs. In there you will find in the chest of drawers some skirts and blouses, if you can bring one of each down that would be a good start.” 
Wizzo pointed her in the right direction, so off she went still not quite knowing or understanding what was going on.
Alice soon returned carrying the skirt and blouse, she went over to Sophie and spent some time looking and studying Athermine who was asleep on Sophie’s lump
“Is she real Sophie?”
“Of course she’s real Alice, ain’t she beautiful, she saved my life she did, and nearly gave her own doing it.” Sophie was now tenderly looking at her Fairy with great affection. “Wizzo had to go and get some more Fairies to make er well again, ifan ya don't believe me, there’s some out in the garden with their Gnome.” Alice continued to gaze in wonder at Athermine.
“But there are no such things as Fairies and Gnomes, is there?” She didn’t look up when she said this; she was still completely infatuated with Athermine.
“Course there is silly.” All this talking woke Athermine up, she stretched and yawned then she flew up and hovered above Sophie.
“She say’s allo to ya Alice and wants to know what you want er to do?”
“We’ve got to get you into the tub my girl, that’s what I’m er for ain’t it?” Athermine flew over to Peewee and settled on his knee.
Wizzo who had been out in the scullery preparing Sophie’s bath came back in.
“Tubs ready ladies!” He watched the two of them make their way unsteadily through to the scullery; he went outside and into the garden, as soon as he did so Elthra flew up to him.
“I sensed that you wish to speak with me Wizzo?”
“The Gnome works to hard Elthra, it’s too much for him. I’ll go to the manor and see if there are others who would come or at least another one, also a lady for him, if I can find one that is willing and to his liking.”
“I wish you luck,” she said, “he’s a strange little fellow, most fastidious in his ways.” Wizzo sighed and shrugged his shoulders.
“You think that maybe he is a confirmed bachelor then Elthra?”
“No I don’t think so Wizzo, --- I feel that he has a need for a lady, there’s only one that I know of and she’s too shy, I don’t think she will come, but you could try. --- I also think that if she does come she may well be to his liking.”
“Thank you Elthra, he made his way thoughtfully down to the main gates, as he approached they opened for him, although deep in thought he remembered to thank them. 
He pulled his cloak tightly about him and pictured in his mind the gates of the manor he soon found himself there and requested to be let in, as the gates opened they asked him.
“HAVE OUR LITTLE FRIENDS SETTLED IN GWARCHEIDIAL.”
“Indeed they have Gate Men and I’m sure that they will appreciate your concern. He flew down the path and then up and over the stonewall into the gardens.
“Shealther; I wish to speak with you.”  She was soon hovering in front of him. “You were right Shealther, the gardens are too large for one Gnome to manage at the Cottage. He works much too hard and I fear that he will not get it done before he goes off in a rage and we don’t see him again. Also Elthra and I were thinking that maybe there might be a lady here that would like to go and see him, we feel that it might cheer him up, just for a visit mind you. I’ll bring her back if she doesn’t want to stay.” Shealther had a knowing look on her face.
“I’ll go and ask the Gnomes Wizzo, she flew up and kissed him on the nose.” This had the effect of making his hair stand on end and a pleasant shiver went right through him, with that she flew off. 
Because he knew that negotiations of a delicate nature always took time especially when dealing with Gnomes. He sat down to wait and at the same time trying to hold on to the pleasant feelings that were still running through him. It wasn’t long before young Fairies, who unable to contain themselves had come out of their winters sleep and wanted to know how things were regarding Sophie and Athermine.
“Is she all right, is she well?” a few of the younger ones were crying. To them even the mere thought of losing one of their sisters was too much and on top of that they were not able through lack of skill to look into Wizzo’s or their Mothers and Fathers minds to know the answers to their questions. 
“Sophie or Athermine?” he said playing a game with them. 
“Athermine!” all the young ones shouted back “you know who we mean Wizzo.”
“Of course she’s all right, and she has a friend who you didn’t know about and neither did I. I found this friend hiding in an old tree stump in the forest, one of the tree Elves showed me the hiding place.” Now he had their complete attention because he didn’t say if it was a he or a she. They made their own minds up about that.
It seemed that a thousand voices all came to him at once, “Who is she? Who is she? Please tell us ---- please!” The please was there because Fairies love to keep secrets and they thought that he would do the same, he often played this game with them.
“I don’t know if I should tell you,” he said smugly.
“Please! Please! Please tell us Wizzo, we’ll not be able to rest until we know and we are too young to stay awake through the rest of the winter.”
“I realize how important it is for Fairies to have their rest,” he said thoughtfully. “I need my rest to.” He yawned and stretched out his arms, “I think I’ll go to sleep for a while, there’s been so much to do. If I remember when I wake up I might tell you, or I might not, we will have to see.” Stretching his arms again and yawning he pretended to go to sleep. He could see in his mind’s eye the disappointed look on their faces, so he opened one eye and gave them a little more information. 
“Her friend is not a she, it’s a he, and he’s not a Fairy!” With that tantalizing piece of information he closed his eyes again. He was watching them and inwardly smiling, some were now flying round in circles unable to control themselves, while others were trying to persuade one of their young men to wake him up. They were pushing him forward and urging him on determined to hear the rest of this story. Wizzo knew that he couldn’t think about anything at this moment because a lot of the not so young ones were trying to reach into his mind to find the answers, so he kept his mind blank and appeared to be asleep. 
The little fellow after a lot of persuasion had picked up enough courage and was now being carried up to his face by two Fairies. They thought it great fun to drop him down on Wizzo’s nose causing him to sit up quickly, but not so quickly as to shake the little fellow off.
“What are you doing; you woke me;” Wizzo was now sitting up and looking cross-eye at the little fellow hanging from his nose.
“I slipped and fell on to your face kind Wizard, will you not help me down before I fall off?” Wizzo put his hand up to his face, when it was close enough the little fellow jumped onto it.
“Thank you kind and noble Wizard, my sincere apologies for disturbing your much needed sleep, but do you perhaps remember mentioning that Athermine had a man friend and that he wasn’t a Fairy, we understood that she came alone?” Every Fairy in the large gardens of the manor even the older ones and their men folk were now around him, they were either excitedly spinning or just hovering around his head. He hadn’t seen such a beautiful sight for a long time, he could hear the hum of the Fairies wings because there was so many of them. He knew that if he made them too exited they would shoot of in all directions and would not be there for the story, he would have to calm them down a little so he said to them.
“If you will all seat your selves down in front of me I will tell you as much as I know.” There was nothing so disappointing to a Fairy as not to be there when the story was told, so he sat and waited for them to organize themselves. Mothers flew up to soothe their children, holding their hands and bringing them down, until in the end they were all sitting or hovering in front of him.
“This is how I understand it. Many years ago when it was the custom of knights in shining Armor to kill dragons so that they could prove their false valor to one and all. A Great Wizard made it his task to collect all the dragons together that he could find and hide them in a safe and secret place, he then placed a shield around them so that nobody could see or knew where they were, thereby saving them all from certain death. 
The trouble was that a very young Fairy, and a giant who had been shrunk by another great Wizard were now trapped in there with the Dragons. The giant unable to get out because he didn’t have the magic to do so, the Fairy being too young did not have the skill either, so they lived with the dragons for many hundreds of years. 
As she grew older and her powers and skills increased I believe that she could have released herself and returned to her loved ones, but it would mean leaving her friend that she now found she loved dearly, she couldn’t leave him because that would have meant that he would have been left there all on his own.” He could hear the sighs and feel the sadness coming from them all. “But then you see one day she overheard the dragons saying that something terrible was going to happen, and this is the part I don’t understand, they said that somebody would die of great importance to them unless they could do something about it. Well there was nothing that they could do for they were after all only dragons, as you all know dragons have only a certain amount of magic such as flying, breathing a little fire and being able to talk to each other. Athermine noting the sadness and concern in their voices and because she had grown to love the Dragons took it upon herself to break through the shield and come to Sophie’s aid. The trouble was that she herself was too weak after living inside the shield for so long and the task that she had chosen would be too much for her. The dragons tried to stop her, they really did!”  Wizzo put a lot on emphasis into his last statement, “ but she was set in her mind, you know what Fairies are like.” Wizzo was making some of the story up as he went along; he didn’t know just how right he was. They all nodded their heads, they understood well what Fairies were like and the lengths that they would go to help a friend. “I also think that the dragons, who have done their utmost to teach her all the things she needed to know, and with only a limited knowledge of how to bring up a Fairy and prepare her, this is why they tried to stop her. They knew that she did not have the strength or the knowledge that a Fairy should have had to perform such a task. Anyway she would not be turned away from it, she left them knowing that she could never return because those that have the knowing of all things had said as much to her.” Some of the little ones started to cry and were being comforted by their Mothers and Fathers so he continued. 
“When she had gone the little fellow whose name is Peewee was so concerned and fearing that he would never see his Fairy again asked for permission to go after her to see if he could help in anyway. The dragons had to ask those that have the knowing of all things if it were possible, for some unknown reason they agreed that it was possible and that he should follow her. As you know your queen and some of your sisters went to her aid. It just so happened that the next morning I was standing at the Cottage gate when I sensed that something was out there in the forest and found him hiding in the woods.”
“But why was he hiding, and why didn’t he try to help her?” they called out.
“He has no magic powers, -- and he had a great fear of Wizards --- and another thing I don’t understand, why would they send him on such a fool’s errand knowing that he could do nothing?”
They were all watching him intently hoping that he would answer his own question. But after a short time they realized he didn’t know the answer, so they asked him another.
“What did you call out?” Came a chorus of young voices, “we’ve been inside our shield and didn’t hear you Wizzo.”
“I called out in my anger asking what fools had sent her!” And I received no answer.
“None at all?” Came a chorus in reply.
“Not one word! --- They couldn’t hear me and you couldn’t due to the shields around you; that’s why I had to came to see Shealther your Queen. You know what happened then, as to the question about Athermine, she is well and still continues with her task as was to be expected. Her little giant is also well, I have noticed though that they are very much attached to each other, he sits there all day watching her with that look on his face.”
“What look on his face?” asked a very young fellow sitting next to his Mother. 
“The look of love; that’s what you mean isn’t it Wizzo.” Said another.
“Exactly that!” he replied, the little fellow turned to his mother and asked.
“Do I know that look mother?”
“That’s the way your father and I look at you.” The young fairy looked up into his mother’s loving eyes and smiled shyly.
“Nothing can come of it even if she truly loves him,” someone said sadly, another said.
“She will never leave him, she will never be able to have a child or hold the little one in her arms, to sing lullaby’s or even tell stories.” On hearing this some of the younger Fairies started to cry again. 
For a young Fairy this was the worst possible thing that could happen. From the time they were born to the time they became of age and were then able to select a partner and this was achieved only after a great deal of ceremony, they would then be joined together and become as if one for life. This was every Fairies dream, it was the reason for their very existence. 
Thousands of years ago they had found that having love, unconditional love for each other was the perfect and only way to live, so there was order in their lives that they all accepted, therefore one thing must follow another, having children was a most important part of that process, an unwritten law as it were, also the joining of two people together to make this happen. This involved every Fairy and their men folk in the group, they would all take part in the celebrations that would go on for weeks or even months. 
A very special place had to be made for the joining together of the two that would become one, a very special place indeed. It had to be constructed with the utmost care, for in it would take place a most magical thing. They would all be watching from outside because not one of them would want to miss it. 
When the two became one the whole area would light up and all the colors of the rainbow would brilliantly flash and shimmer around it. There would be no sound to this dazzling display of lights and colour, just sheer delight at the sight of it and knowing that again the careful process for choosing partners for their children had as usual been successful, in fact it had never been known to fail, it was done with only true love in every ones hearts so that it couldn’t possibly fail. Most of them had been reading his thoughts so he said.
“Athermine may think differently being taught by Dragons” Trying to calm some of the younger ones down, he had never seen a Fairy cry before.
Shealther came across the lawn; with her were three Gnomes, two ladies and a man
“Why are you all so sad she said, have you been telling them a story Wizzo?”
“A sad one indeed Shealther but one with a happy ending I hope.”
“I may have an answer to the problem that exists between Athermine and Pee Wee Wizzo; it would involve at least four of our Queens, if not more. A council must then be formed and many things discussed. It would also depend on the spell that was cast in the first place to make him small, and more important the exact wording of it. I think that I would have to speak to Peewee first to find out if he remembers the exact words and if he does, then I will ask them if they both wish it with all their hearts. I have only taken your thoughts on this matter into consideration Wizzo. I should probably speak to Athermine first and ask her what it is she wants. It could be that he loves Athermine and she is just returning his love and no more than that, for any spell to work they would need to love each other in a most extraordinary way.”
“But you think that maybe, just maybe, if all things are in there proper place, you would have some chance of success Shealther?” He said hopefully.
“It has been done before but only with ladies not men and that was a long time ago in the distant past. It concerns those that have the knowing of all things and it does seem strange that he was sent here in the first place, we have it in our minds that he is here because of Athermine, but this may not be the case. He may well be here for some completely different reason, but I would say at this time you are right regarding your thoughts on this matter and this leads me to believe that there is hope and that all may be well. I might also add that at this point in time I also feel that there are many things that must take place before anything can be decided upon and a transformation can take place,
She turned to the Gnomes and introduced them. “This is Grineth and his lady Nibblemore and this young lady is Shyness who says that she seeks a mate. Shyness has had some difficulty in finding one, she is quite slim and elegant and most Gnomes don’t like either, they like the warmth that comes seemingly from larger ladies, there is also a small problem with her shyness as you can see. I can only warn you that your Gnome may take offence or become most embarrassed at being offered this unusual lady and disappear, will you take that risk with your Gnome Wizzo?”
“She does indeed look extremely shy Shealther, but I think that my Gnome is not of the normal kind, he is articulate ---- yes that is the word ---- articulate. His dress is very neat and tidy even after digging in the garden all day, he never gets any dirt on himself and is most meticulous and a little arrogant, but then he has put up with all of your sisters invading his unfinished garden. Twice now I thought he would go, especially when I believe Athermine asked for his help regarding Pee Wee, I thought that we would have seen him off and running, but he is still with us and working very hard. My thoughts are perhaps it would be better if Shyness spoke with Athermine first and gained some insight into the little fellow, who’s name I don’t even know!” A very quiet voice said.
“Do you not know his name Gwarcheidial?” It was shyness that had asked.
“No I’m afraid I don’t Shyness, there has been so much to do and so little time and that is something else the little fellow has had to put up with, my arrogance and my apparent ignorance.”
Shyness broke out in a big smile and said.
“He seems to be a very patient man, I will see him, and you shall not lose him, this I promise. It’s time I overcame my shyness. I need to feel the warmth of a little one in my arms, to touch and play and listen to the beautiful sounds that they make, I’ve been to long without these things in my life.”
“Shall we go then.” said Wizzo, he picked up the Gnomes and put them inside his cloak making sure that they were safe, Shealther flew up and sat on his shoulder, the main gates of the manor opened at their approach. 
“Thank you Gate Men!” he called as they went through. 
The next moment they were at the gates of the forest that lead to the Cottage, they were opening even before they reached them. He went straight to the Cottage, this gate was also opening. On passing through he remembered to thank it. 

CHAPTER 8

He set down Nibblemore and Grinith on their side of the garden. He then went inside the Cottage taking Shealther and Shyness with him. Shealther went straight over to Athermine. 
“How are you Athermine?”
“I am well Shealther thanks to you and my sisters. I didn’t know that I had so many to share my thoughts with, --- it’s been so long.” Shealther could see and feel the sadness in her, so she changed the conversation.
“This is Shyness, she is here to see if the Gnome is suitable for her.” 
“Has he a name?” Asked Shyness.
“He calls himself Hardhead; he’s a good little fellow. I have learnt since meeting him that one does not tell a Gnome just who he should be friends with or who he should help. I also found that he is not as grumpy as some. I apologized to him for my foolishness, and then kissed him on the nose, I don’t know why I did that, it just seemed the right thing to do.”
“All Fairies do that, it’s your way of saying thank you to us, but surely he didn’t mind you as a friend?” Said Shyness.
“It wasn’t me that I wanted him to be friendly to, it was Pee Wee. I knew that Peewee was here, I could feel his presence and I have always been able to feel that he was in need of another man to talk to, but the Gnome would have none of it. I’m afraid that I again tried to tell him about Peewee and he said that he felt sorry for him but having the general nature of a Gnome, although a patient one, he had too much good work to do so there for he could do nothing for him. I didn’t know or understand about Gnomes; I seems that I have so much to learn.” 
“How did you meet Hardhead, Athermine, asked Wizzo?
“I heard him calling from outside your gate, she shrugged her shoulders, he was there, and he said that he was needed, I didn’t know why he was needed but the Gate Man seemed to know because he let him in.” Wizzo took Shyness over to the window. They could see Grinith and Nibblemore introducing themselves to Hardhead. Grinith and Nibblemore had been given their voices back a thousand years ago by Shealther so they could talk to Hardhead but he could not talk back. They were shaking hands and having quite a time of it. All were smiling, none were sweating, no hats had been removed and there were no hands on hips, this was in itself a good sign. Hardhead seemed reluctant to let go of Grineths hand, because he just kept shaking it. They could only imagine the look on his face because the little fellow had his back to them.
“Perhaps he’ll turn around, then you’ll be able to see him.” Shyness looked very thoughtful. “Are you thinking about all that’s been said of him?” Said Wizzo. She nodded her head then she said almost in a whisper
“I want to see him!”
“Are you sure,” again in a shy way she nodded her heard. They watched as the three Gnomes finally separated and went about their work. He took Shyness outside and put her down on the path.
“Good luck Shyness” he whispered, she turned and shyly smiled up at him.
“Thank you Gwarcheidial for all you have done, she could sense that he was hesitant about leaving her, I will be all right now really I will.” 
Returning to the Cottage he went straight to the window where all the others were gathered, Sophie doing her best to hold Peewee up so that he could see. 
They watched as Shyness casually strolled through the garden inspecting everything that had been done, the six of them meanwhile held their breath, this was the first test, if she did not like what he had done all would be lost. The Fairies and their men folk, full of anticipation were hiding and watching from everywhere. 
Hardhead was now working with his back to her so had no idea what was in store for him. Wizzo was listening intently, he didn’t want to miss any of this. After looking at everything and finding it to her liking she walked over and stood behind him with her hands behind her back.
“She’s happy with the garden, we’re over the first hurdle” Wizzo whispered, nobody answered they were to intent on watching to see just how this would turn out. Alice couldn’t believe her eyes and kept pinching herself to make sure that she was awake.
“Look, do you see, she has her fingers crossed!” she said.
“She’s wishing for something.” Said Wizzo. He then added. I would think that both of them have found it difficult to find a soul mate, they are each one of a kind in their nature. I would have to say that of all the Gnomes I have known I have never seen the likes of these two!”
Hardhead now with new enthusiasm after his meeting with Grinith and his lady was engrossed in his work and digging like mad with dirt flying in every direction, he was about to thrust his spade into the ground when he heard a beautiful soft voice say.
“Hello Hardhead, I love your garden!” He froze, as far as he could make out this beautiful soft voice had just come from behind him. He had never heard such a soft voice before, except perhaps from a human and somehow he knew that it wasn’t a human voice, at least none that he had known could speak that softly. He loved the sound of that whispering voice and didn’t know what to do. He was too frightened to turn around in case the voice ran away, for the first time in his life he wished that he could speak to her. It was at that moment when a voice came into his head.
“Hardhead I grant you your wish and give you back your voice, ---- you may speak with her!” It was Bethra giving him his voice back, he had never used it before, his mother had taught him to speak with his mind as all Gnomes are taught. With his back still to her and in a faltering voice he finally  managed to say.
“D-do you—really l-like my g-garden?”
“Indeed I do, I have never seen anything quite so elegant and beautiful, you really have excelled yourself.” On hearing this and in his excitement he dropped his spade and started to sweat and scratch his head. His next question was the all-important one and he was almost too nervous to ask it. He had been all his long life without a lady by his side. His mother had been slim and elegant, this was most unusual for a gnome, most were chubby little things that continually wiped their hands on their aprons and had smudges of dirt on their faces. Most thought that this was the way it should be, his mother had taught him otherwise, so for all of his long life he had not been able to find one to suite his needs, or one that even liked the way that he meticulously did his gardens. So because of his mother’s influence he chose to do it this way, when he had finished this garden it would be the same. He didn’t mind them being chubby so much or even having dirty faces, he could except that but there was one thing that he couldn’t except. It was because to most Gnomes a rose was the most beautiful flower in the world. This meant a great deal to a Gnome because if they couldn’t smell their favorite flower above all other flowers they would get really cranky, this applied even more so to the ladies and that was the problem. He was obsessed with another flower, one that he thought was even more beautiful, so hesitantly he asked that all-important question.
“Do you love forget-me-nots?”
“Yes I love forget-me-nots, I think that they’re the most beautiful flowers in the entire world.” 
He could hardly believe his ears, could it be that this was the one he had waited so long for. It was taking some time for him to pick up the courage to turn around because he expected to find a chubby little thing with dirt on her face nervously wiping her hands on her apron, he also wondered what her eyes would be like. He had loved his mother's big brown eyes, so he naturally loved big brown eyes. At last he picked up enough courage and slowly turned around. As soon as their eyes met there was no longer any question about it, their knees gave way under them, she fell on the grass and he into the dirt that he had been digging and then he completely disappeared! 
A great cheer went up from the Fairies who were now spinning round in their excitement and disappearing in all directions, their little fellows were doing cart wheels back flips and acrobats, even Shealther and Bethra had been overcome by it all and had vanished. Hardhead kept disappearing and reappearing he didn’t know whether he was coming or going. Shyness sat there with her heart beating wildly, she realized that she didn’t feel shy any more, she had found her soul mate, one that she knew she would love and one that would love her for all time. 
With Sophie still not being strong enough to hold him for too long Peewee had climbed up onto Wizzo’s shoulder and was now sitting there with tears in his eyes. 
Hardhead managed to regain some of his composure. He got up, brushed himself down, then holding out his hands he bent down and gently helped her to her feet, every now and again he would disappear and then come back again, they remained holding hands and looking at each other. 
Wizzo and the rest went out to see them 
“You will have to build a bigger dwelling Hardhead, there are two of you now!” They both turned and looked up at him. “Maybe that will have to wait until tomorrow seeing that the sun is about to go down, we all offer you our sincere congratulation and wish you both all the happiness in the world, Shyness will you come back inside with us tonight?” Hardhead wasn’t about to let his love out of his sight now that he had found her.
“We have to be wed,” then added apologetically, “don’t we?” She didn’t have to answer; she just stood there looking at him with her big brown eyes. Hardhead had to wait for Elthra to calm down and return. The shield that Wizzo had put around the forest was a lot stronger than the one around the Cottage and it had stopped them from going too far, so when Elthra finally did return Hardhead blurted out. 
“Will you wed us Elthra?” And then blushing added the word “please.” All the other Fairies were now starting to come back and their men folk were beginning to calm down, they calmed down even more quickly when Hardhead asked their new queen to perform the ceremony. They all knew how important this was, her very first official duty. 
Shealther sat on Wizzo’s shoulder and waited. This was important because it would tell her if she had been successful in passing all her knowledge onto Elthra. This had not been put to the test before so everybody now waited for Elthra to give her consent to the union. Elthra flew over to the waiting couple and first asked Hardhead.
“Is it your wish to wed Shyness Hardhead?” They were both still holding hands and gazing at each other, Hardhead could hardly contain himself and was still going through the disappearing and reappearing stage with Shyness holding tightly onto his hands, somehow he managed to nod his head in between disappearing and reappearing. Wizzo on the other hand had walked casually over to Hardheads quickly thrown together little house.
“ Is it your wish to wed Hardhead Shyness?” Eagerly she nodded. 
“Then I must now ask you both to make a solemn pledge, will you please kneel down facing each other and hold hands.” Most of the Fairies who by now were over their initial excitement had returned from where ever their excitement had taken them and were now forming a ceremonial circle around the two to be wed as this was one of the custom for the joining together of Gnomes in wedlock.
“Shyness needs flowers for her hair! She can’t possibly go without!” said Grinith. Elthra looked at Wizzo and calling him by his official name asked.
“Gwarcheidial would you care to oblige us with some flowers for this most joyous occasion?”
“It would be an honor!” He disappeared for a moment and then reappeared, he withdrew his hand from inside his cloak and in it he held a beautiful crown of Forget-me-nots.
“Will these do?” he said as he walked over and placed them gently on the head of Shyness. “They will never wilt Shyness and I know them to be Hardheads most favorite flower, he has been wondering since he has been here just where would be the best place to plant them, am I correct Hardhead?”
The little fellow appeared not to hear him; he could do nothing but stare, mesmerized by the beauty of Shyness, her head now crowned with his beloved Forget-me-nots.
“Perfect!” he said with misty eyes “just perfect! Could we be wed now Elthra” his Gnome like patience was understandably running out.
Elthra could hardly contain herself and was spinning round again. “You can’t go spinning of now Elthra” said Shealther, “you must learn to control yourself for such occasions as this, otherwise we will never see it done!” Elthra brought herself under control and meekly apologized to them both, then forgetting that she had already asked them to kneel down she asked them again.
“Would you both kneel facing each other and hold each other’s hands, “Oh silly me” she said giggling.”
She controlled herself and hovered just above them. 
“Do you both wish to become one, to love and cherish each other all the days of your lives?”
“We do.” Came the reply.
“Hardhead do you promise to keep your Gnomes nature under control for the sake of this union?”
“I do Elthra with all my heart.”
“And do you wish to be bonded to Shyness, to love and cherish her forever more?”
“I do, really do.” He said this in between his disappearing acts.
“Shyness do you wish to be bonded to Hardhead to love and cherish him forever more?”
“I do with all my heart.” She replied.
“Do you both wish to become one and be beholden to each other?” They both answered emotionally.
“We do!”
“Shyness is the garden and the dwelling that Hardhead is preparing to your liking?”
“It’s extremely beautiful and if hardhead will let me I will help him in every and in any way that I can.”
“Shyness will you take good care of Hardhead and see to all his Gnomely needs.
“I will ---- with all my heart I will” she replied
“As the Queen of this Realm and by the oath taken and accepted by these two good and true Gnomes, who have before us all pronounced their undying love, I now pronounce them to be Gnome and wife for all eternity.”
A great cheer went up as the two shared their first kiss. Hardhead was still disappearing and reappearing with Shyness hanging on to him because even when he was as it seemed not there he was as it were still there, he at last stepped back from his first kiss glowing red and looking a little more than embarrassed. He looked over the shoulder of his beloved Shyness expecting to see his little house that he had built but found that Wizzo was standing in front of it and although he couldn’t see it he announced. 
“My dwelling isn’t big enough for both of us my love!” He was now becoming even more embarrassed.
“It is now,” said Wizzo he then concluded, “but of course you may alter it if you wish at a later date my friend.” Hardhead took hold of his bride’s hand and they both ran around Wizzo over to where he expected to find a house larger than he had originally built, now there was nothing, they turned to Wizzo
“Where is it?” Hardhead asked, Wizzo raised his staff and pointed it at what was the center of Hardheads garden.
“It’s over there in the center of your garden.” A large mound appeared. It was covered completely with Forget-me-nots and surrounding that were small rose bushes in a multitude of colures and all were in bloom. There were Bright reds, yellows, pinks and orange, This dwelling was a little different than most Gnomes would have built, it was much larger and had a door just big enough for them to walk through. Gnomes usually crawled into their homes, Wizzo couldn’t picture these two doing that. this was a tremendous achievement for Wizzo seeing that it was the middle of winter. He couldn’t have achieved it without the help of Shealther who was still sitting on his shoulder. Shyness and Hardhead walked around their new dwelling, she leaned close to him.
“He has read our minds well my sweet, it’s truly wonderful,” she then whispered in his ear, “can we go in now?” Hand in hand they walked to the door, he politely opened it for her and they disappeared inside. A few moments later his head popped out, we thank you all and we will be forever in your debt. We thank you Elthra for giving us such an elegant ceremony, also I thank you for the return of my voice, now we can whisper to each other, the little head disappeared inside and the door closed. Wizzo went back inside the Cottage with Sophie, Alice and Peewee.
“They make a good pair do they not Pee Wee;” said Wizzo. Pee Wee just nodded his head, he was sad because he knew that what had just happened would never happen to him, he was one of a kind and would never become as one with his soul mate. Wizzo sat down in his chair, the world can do what it wishes now he thought, he then breathed a great sigh of relief and closed his eyes.

CHAPTER 9

Shealther had followed them back in, and what he heard next completely banished the thought of sleep from his mind. 
“Athermine have you told your mother that you are safe and well?”  
Athermine who had been laying on Sophie’s lump quickly sat up and answered.
“How would I do such a thing, she would be gone!” She couldn’t bring herself to say that her mother would be dead.
“Why would you think that?” asked Shealther who now had a puzzled look on her face.
“I was too close to Peewee when he was cursed, I’m cursed also, isn’t that right Pee Wee?” Peewee just nodded his head in sad agreement. “It meant that I would live forever with Peewee while all else died around us.”
“That’s what we thought little one, we thought that if Dragons die so should Athermine have died, but you kept on living, I was so grateful for that.”
“Didn’t the Dragons tell you that Fairies don’t die?” Asked Shealther now even more surprised.
“Why would they tell me that?” There was excitement in her voice. Shealther flew over to her.
“Because it happens to be true Athermine! Fairies live forever!”
“My mother still lives, she really does, and my father?”
“Of course they do!” Shealther hid her other thoughts, she didn’t want to tell her that her mother might have died because of her great loss. Athermine had started to spin around. It took a little while until Shealther was able to stop her, after that they all sat very quietly for some time waiting for her to calm down.
“But I don’t know where she is,” she said sadly.
“What was her name?” Asked Shealther, there was a long pause and then Athermine started to cry.
“You don’t remember do you,” exclaimed Shealther, you really don’t remember. Crying even more, Athermine shook her head.
“I remember; you told me about your Mother and your Father!” said Peewee. Nobody appeared to be listening to him; they were all concerned about Athermine. 
Wizzo said. “She has been through a trying time since she first came here Shealther, and as you know when Fairies get to weak their memory is the first thing to suffer.
“But I remember!” said Pee Wee, “her Mother’s name was Cathra and your father’s name was,” he scratched his head, “ Macthran! That was it, Cathra and Macthran!” he said excitedly looking round, “I’m sure of it!” Athermine started to spin round again.
“Scottish Fairies,” Shealther said this with a note of sadness. She knew that they were very close and very clannish, and what she had first thought about Athermine’s mother could well be right because she hadn’t heard of the Macthrans and for a Fairy queen not to know of another established clan of Fairies was not possible. The only reason that it might be possible was that they weren’t an established clan. “You must call out to her Athermine and tell her that you are well.” Athermine didn’t answer, she was spinning around too fast. Shealther tried to control her but finally she disappeared. They didn’t have to wait long before she reappeared and helped by Shealther she managed to calm down.
“How do I do that?” she said trying desperately to control herself.
Shealther said thoughtfully. 
“There will be snow on the ground in the highlands so they will all be sleeping and it might also be snowing. Also with it being so far away they may not hear you,” she looked at Wizzo. Wizzo went over to the window and looked out.
“We will try in the morning, the sun’s gone down now and there’s very little chance that they will hear us, and even if they do I’m sure that under the circumstances they won’t travel at night. There is a great risk involved in that especially if the weathers not good where they are.” He thought for a moment. “We’ll go outside the shield an hour after first light. That would be the best time, for even Fairies that are sleeping stir in the morning when the warmth of the sun comes on them, don’t you agree Shealther?”
“That would indeed be the best time.” Shealther replied.
“What is snow?” asked Athermine looking at Peewee for an answer.
“I never told you about snow did I, --- well now let me see if I can remember. Snow floats down from the sky, it’s white and fluffy and it’s very cold, I’ve seen it, children play in it, even their mothers and fathers play in it sometimes, but it’s very cold,” Peewee made as if to shiver.”
“A good explanation Peewee,” Wizzo stretched out his arms and yawned, “we have to be up at sunrise so now I’m off to my bed, I bid you all a good night. You get a good night’s sleep Athermine, you will need all your strength tomorrow little one.” With that they all went to their beds, leaving the Fairies to curl themselves up on Sophie’s lump. 
In the morning Wizzo was disturbed by Peewee who came scampering on to his bed, he opened his sleepy eyes only to realize that the sun was not yet up.
“The sun’s not up yet Peewee, is there a problem?”
“No problem Wizzo, but by the time you get dressed and we have some of that special gruel of yours, the sun will be up, wont it?”
“I suppose it will Pee Wee, is Athermine awake?”
“She’s been awake most of the night; you didn’t expect her to sleep did you?” Wizzo got dressed groomed his beard and made his way down stairs. 
It wasn’t long before he had prepared the gruel and they were all sat comfortably in front of the warm fire. 
Athermine and the other Fairies were sitting on Sophie’s lump which by now had increased in size. It had started to kick even before the sun came up in the morning as if trying to wake her up, it never failed of course. Sophie would eat at least two plates of his special gruel every morning along with the potion, so when he had finished his he went out and brought back another one for her. 
Peewee had been right the sun was just starting to show itself and shed what warmth it could over the land.
“Come on Wizzo the suns awake!” cried Peewee jumping up and pointing out the window.
“Not in Scotland it isn’t Pee Wee.” 
“Why not?” said Peewee looking puzzled.
“It takes longer to reach there, it’s further north, it will take at least another half an hour or more.” 
“How long is half an hour Wizzo?” Asked Athermine.
“Do you see the big hand on the time piece behind you Athermine?” she turned and looked at the clock. There was doubt coming from her mind so he went round the back of Sophie’s chair and pointed to the hand on the clock.
“It is now on the star sign of Libra which means that it is seven in the morning, when that big hand gets half way between Libra and Scorpio which is this one hear,” he was now pointing to the sign of Libra. “That’s when the sun will be showing its face in Scotland.”
“Do you think that they will wake up when we call them asked Athermine?” Without taking her eyes off the clock.
“If they don’t Athermine, I’ll go there myself, find them and wake them up.”
“You would do that for me Wizzo?” Knowing that she hadn’t acknowledged him since coming here, she now wondered why he would grant her such a wish. 
“Of course if it is your wish little one.” She flew up and kissed him on the nose, and then drifted back from him a little. 
“ I acknowledge you Gwarcheidial and I apologize for not doing it before;” she looked at Shealther wondering if she had done the right thing. Shealther was pleased and showed it because she knew that there was now an unbreakable bond between these two. That’s what happens when a Fairy acknowledges you, they usually do this by simply showing themselves, but the spoken word makes the bond much stronger. Peewee intentionally interfered. 
“Will it take a long time he asked? “
Wizzo knew that Peewee was thinking of how much time he would have left to be with his Athermine, he knew in his heart that if she found her mother she would go with her and he’d never see her again, or not as often as he would like.
“Finding them might be a problem if they are all asleep, but it shouldn’t take too long Pee Wee.”  
“Wouldn’t Shealther know where they are?”
“Shealther has lived under the strong shield of the manor for too long Peewee, I doubt after all this time whether she would know. She didn’t even know Athermine’s name, I think that she needs to spend some time in contact with others of her kind, she is getting hesitant in her thoughts and in her actions, I think that what is happening now is just what she needs. In the springtime I’ll take her out with me and then she can cast her mind around and contact all her sisters, friends that she has had no contact with for far too long.
“You are mistaken Wizzo, I am able to converse with all my sisters at any time and always have been able to. What I don’t understand is that I have never even heard of this Scottish clan and I don’t know the name of their Queen, -- so under the circumstances it causes me some concern.”
Athermine was now standing watching the timepiece, urging it to go faster! The trouble with that was, as Wizzo knew, when a Fairy wanted something to happen it usually did, so he had to intervene 
“Athermine try not to urge the clock to go faster, it won’t make any difference, time is time it cannot be changed.” He was worried about the effect that her thoughts would be having on the accuracy of the time peace.
“I’m sorry Wizzo; I didn’t know that I would be able to influence it in any way.”
“That’s all right little one; as you said you have a lot to learn.”
“It all my fault!” Said Peewee. “I am the fault of everything. If I hadn’t drank that other Giants blood this would all never have happened. I told the village people that it wasn’t a good thing to do but they insisted on it, I only did what they asked of me. I should have been stronger in my mind then all this would never have happened, it’s all my fault!” Athermine flew over and kissed him on the nose.
“It was the Wizards fault, he should have been more careful with his magic,” she said to him softly, trying to console him, “none of it was your fault Peewee, none of it at all.”
“Athermine’s right Peewee.” said Wizzo. “It wasn’t your fault, you were only looking after your people, and anyway how were you to know that this particular Giants blood would not mix with yours, it was also the custom at that time, the faults not yours, don’t blame yourself.”
“I’ve always blamed myself, that I should be the cause of so much unhappiness. There’s been many a time that I wished I were dead and that Athermine could have returned home to her loving people, you have no idea how much she missed them and how many tears she shed. It was a hundred years before she stopped crying, it breaks my heart to think of it, it was all my fault, he was sobbing, I would give my life to see it undone.” 
“Before the day is out Peewee, it will be undone, but I don’t know if those that have the knowing of it will return you to your former size,” said Wizzo. Athermine was spinning round because by this time the hand on the time piece had travelled the half-hour.
“Come let us not dwell on these things, it is time,” said Wizzo as he picked up Peewee.
“Can I come?” said Sophie, “please let me; I’m strong enough to walk down there?”
“Come then Sophie, but you can’t walk all the way down to the main gates, I’ll carry you.” He put his arm around her, so with Peewee under one arm and Sophie in the other, they all went out to the gate where they found Shealther waiting with the gate already open. Wizzo looked up at the blue sky. 
“Its’ a good day for this Shealther.” Sophie noticed that he always spoke her name softly and with great affection, she didn’t have much time to think about this because they were soon outside and the gates closing quietly behind them.
“There is one thing that I must do before we start,” said Wizzo. He turned to Peewee, what was your name when you were a Giant little fellow, what did your people call you?”
Peewee looked at him in a puzzled way.
“Yawlder was my name.” Wizzo removed the hood from his head; setting his feet apart he raised his arms, his right hand holding his staff, he then called out in a loud voice.
“It shall be recorded in the Great Book that Peewee, (also in times past named Yawlder the giant) shares no blame in the matter concerning the taking of Athermine from her parents some nine hundred years ago, and she being trapped in the shield put there by an unknown but great Wizard for the protection of the remaining Dragons. I also command and state that his people not knowing that the blood of the two Giants would not mix and the drinking of it by the victor at that time was the custom and they forced Yawlder to follow this. This being much against his will and caused him to change from one who was fine and victorious, to one that had in the end by the will of the people to be shrunken. I command that it shall so be written and put into the minds of all those that it concerns, so it has been spoken and written, so shall it be!” This was accompanied by a huge clap of thunder that sounded directly over their heads, then rolled away into the distance. Wizzo lowered his arms and bowed his head. “So it is done for all to know.” Athermine came to him and kissed him on the nose repeatedly almost making his toes curl up. Normally one kiss from a Fairy was enough to make your hair stand on end, to be repeatedly kissed had such an effect on him that he was now floating about as if in a daze, after a short while he managed to calm himself down.
“Thank you Wizzo, thank you so much” she said spinning around Peewee.”
“I feel free, after all this time the shackles have been taken from me, my mind feels free, you have granted a great wish for me my friend, but what can I do for you in return.”
“You owe me nothing my little friend. I have simply righted a wrong, something that should have been done a long time ago. It is we that owe you a great deal for looking after Athermine. You have been life and comfort to her, without you and with her great loss she may well have faded away and been lost forever. If it were not for some Wizards whose interest in gold outweigh their sense of right and wrong this tragedy would never have happened.” He turned to Shealther, “Now then Shealther, how should we go about this, I don’t think that Athermine knows how to do it?”
“You should do it Gwarcheidial,” she used his correct name. “Even those that have the knowing of it, and as far away as they are will hear you.” He turned to Athermine who was now standing nervously on Peewee’s shoulder.
“Do you agree Athermine?”
“Please Wizzo if you would!” she was trying to control herself but still kept spinning around. 
“Before I do Athermine I will place a strong shield around you, then if you get too excited you won’t spin off to goodness knows where and maybe because of your lack of experience can’t find your way back. I must ask for your permission to do this as the shield will be close to you, knowing it must be foremost in your mind so as not to cause you any harm, ---- Shealther what are your thoughts on this matter?” 
“Athermine will not come to any harm as long as she keeps it in her mind that she cannot go far and that the shield has been put there for her safety, all will be well.” 
He raised his hands and chanting a spell placed a strong shield around her. Even when this was done he had the feeling that she would be overwhelmed with emotion and then completely losing control of herself the shield would not hold, he realized that he would have to do something about that but for now it would have to do. 
He turned to face the north, set his feet apart, raised his arms, his staff now held in both hands forming a bridge, in doing this the Fairies that he was trying to contact could use it to come from one place to another and would not get lost. He knew that at this time of year it could well be snowing up in the highlands, and Fairies can lose their way in the snow, snow was the only weather that they had any problem with, for some reason it seemed to have an effect on their sense of direction. 
Thinking that he had now accounted for every eventuality he called out with his voice and his mind putting his very heart and soul into it.
“I call upon the Fairies of the Macthran clan to wake up from their winters sleep, I Gwarcheidial the Wizard, keeper of the great book have a message for Cathra the loving mother and Macthran the loving Father of Athermine who was lost but has now been found, “do—you---hear---me.” His call was met with complete silence, it was as if the very trees were standing still and listening for an answer, even the wind had ceased its murmuring. There would not be a Fairy in the whole world that was awake that would not have heard the message that was so loud and clear. But still there was only silence. They waited for some time hoping to hear, see, or sense something but nothing happened, there was only complete and utter silence.
“I have a thought Shealther, they will of course know that it is a Wizard that calls out to them, Scottish Fairies are very careful, maybe it would be wise for you to also add your voice and your name to this message. I know that you don’t know of this clan, I just hope that from somewhere in their past they still remember you.” Shealther faced to the north. 
“I am Shealther, Queen of your sisters at the great manor, hear us Cathra and Macthran parents of the lost child Athermine; we beseech you, wake up from your winter sleep and hear us.” Only silence answered their call, even the morning song of the birds had stopped, there was no sound at all, it seemed that the whole world was silent, waiting, knowing and understanding the importance of the moment.
Wizzo felt the presents of others; he looked around then pointed! 
“In the trees over there, do you see them?” Athermine was spinning round in ever-larger circles above Peewee’s head; they could all see fairies hiding in amongst the branches of the trees. Wizzo realized that the strong shield that he had placed around her wasn’t holding, he rushed forward trapping her under his cloak replacing one shield with another, he now had this incredible sensation going through him. He called out to the Fairies who had left the trees and were now cautiously venturing closer, Shealther went out to greet them.
Wizzo felt the need to get inside the forest shield so he turned quickly towards the gates.
“Open the gates Gate Men, we all wish to come in.” Meanwhile Shealther was beckoning them forward, talking to them in a reassuring way. 
“Please come inside, you will all be safe in here!” They were reluctant to enter, one of them had come forward and was hovering in front of Wizzo, she was going this way and that trying to look inside his cloak, he slowly walked back inside the Gates with Shealther, the other Fairies reluctantly following. Once inside the Gates so as not to frighten the newcomers closed very slowly.
“What should I do Shealther?” Wizzo asked.
“She is Athermine’s mother let her inside your cloak Gwarcheidial!” He didn’t know whether or not this was a good idea, due to the incredible feelings that he was already experiencing, but he did as she asked.
Wizzo put the hood of the cloak over his head and spoke to Athermine.
“Athermine don’t come out or we will have to come and find you, I’m going to let your mother in” carefully he opened his cloak and let Cathra inside. His feet immediately left the ground and then spinning round he took off towards the sky. He tried to control it but the incredible feelings that were flowing though him sent his mind spinning. It wasn’t long before he found himself being pressed up against his own shield that he had placed over the forest, his cloak was protecting him but what if he was driven in amongst the great oak trees, Fairies could pass through trees, he could not! He remained stationary pressed up against the shield fighting for control of his mind. He managed to release the shield and then immediately took off into the sky, one hundred miles this way, two hundred miles that way, up and down and all the time spinning around, slowly he was able to gain some control and found himself hovering over he didn’t know where. 
He looked around, being careful not to let his mind wander too far in its thoughts or he would lose control again, the sea was not far away on his left, there was a small fishing village down below him. Next to it just down along the coast was another small town with a ship builders yard in it, ha! I know where we are he thought, that’s the English coast and that’s Folkestone down there, he also understood why his mind was so clear, he had lost the two Fairies, with all that spinning and being hurled one way and then another his cloak must have opened and they had fallen out. 
He directed his mind to finding them, he could hear the sound that they were making, it was a high pitched buzzing noise so he concentrated on that. Floating motionless in the sky he listened intently, there it was and the next moment he was with them. They were just a blur in the sky and still holding on to each other, he went up and quickly wrapped his cloak around them, and even more quickly he thought about the Cottage.
“Come my little ones it’s time to go home.” 
He found himself outside it’s gate and that incredible feeling was passing through him again, as he was spinning he looked around for the Fairies, he caught glimpses of those in the garden and could see that Shealther and the Scottish Fairies weren’t there, still spinning he went down to where the main gates had been and found them all still gathered together wondering where he had gone. When Shealther saw him she called out.
“Where have you been?”
“I lost them Shealther; they somehow got out!” and then before he could say anything else, a very commanding voice said.
“Where are they?” it was the Queen of these Fairies.
“They’re in my cloak, I managed to find them so they’re both safe,” Shealther flew up to him and kissed him repeatedly on the nose.
“You took a great risk in doing what you did Wizzo!”
When he had calmed down after all the kissing and with his feet now firmly planted back on the ground, although he still wasn’t quite sure that it was the ground that he felt under them.
“You asked me to do it Shealther.”
“And you did it without question, even knowing the danger to yourself. I should not have asked such a thing of you, we could have lost you.” Bethermere who was the Queen of these Scottish Fairies was watching and listening, her eyes going from one to the other, she began to understand and see the great bond that existed between these two. She had never been given the knowledge that most queens received and had found it too difficult to communicate with others of her kind so she was finding it difficult to hear their thoughts, but she wasn’t silly by any means and knew what these two shared.
“Let's all go back to the safety of the Cottage,” he said. When they were all inside the gate he sat himself down on Hardheads newly planted grass that was doing its utmost to grow at this time of the year, “this could take some time Shealther.”
“Can’t you slip your cloak off and lay it on the grass and keep them both in there for the time being or until they calm down?” she said.
“I could do, but if they get out, the shield over the Cottage wouldn’t be strong enough to keep them in, and I can’t make it stronger until I release them --- so I will just have to sit here for a while and hope that I will know when they calm down enough because I’m not looking forward to the time when and if Cathra stops spinning and gets frightened from being inside my cloak.” Shealther laughed.
“You! The great Gwarcheidial, Frightened, I have never known such a thing, and would you not be prepared to suffer a little for this wonderful moment in time.”
“Suffer a little maybe but they can’t hear us while they’re inside my cloak and this Fairy doesn’t know what is going on out here, and I know Fairies!”
“Gwarcheidial do I understand that to be your name?” said Bethermere.
“I am honored to be the one that you refer to” he replied.
“I am Bethermere, Queen of those that you see around me and we are the ones who are honored, we bow to you great Wizard!” Wizzo had never been bowed to before.
“It is their custom,” said Shealther seeing the surprised look on his face.
“I bid you welcome Queen Bethermere, and to all those that are with you, to them I also say welcome,” Bethermere turned to Sophie, looking at her bulge.
“And you must be Sophie the bearer of the Dragon Queen!”
Wizzo sat bolt upright. 
“The what! Queen did you say?” He sat there on the grass with his mouth open.
“Oh dear was it a secret, have I said something wrong?”
“It was a secret Bethermere, but it was time that he knew about one of the tasks he would be asked to do.”
“I’m afraid we don’t keep secrets from each other, our winters are too long and would cause too much hardship, I hope you don’t mind Shealther?”
“No I don’t mind, we have kept it from him long enough, it is a delight to see the surprised look on his face, tis a game we play and this one has been played well.” Wizzo almost shouted.
“What’s all this about a Dragon Queen! Tell me now! No more secrets Shealther!” she smiled disarmingly at him.
“The Dragons are in need of a Queen, someone to represent them, and be their guardian. They are also in need of somewhere to live, other than inside their shield that grows weak and has now served its purpose. The shield weakens them as it did Athermine, it is a most powerful shield and those that have the knowing of it agree with them and say that there are places on the earth where they would be hidden from all human contact and could live in peace with their surroundings. To achieve this they feel that somebody who has been trained and is accustomed to a life style such as yours Gwarcheidial would suit them well.”
“What about my apprentice who I must train for the task that lies ahead?”
“He will come in good time my friend; there is no need for concern.”
Sophie who had been using Alice as somewhat of a support for some time had been on her feet for too long and was by now starting to feel the strain of it straightened up.
“It’s a girl! I always wanted a girl, are ya sure?”
“O yes we’re sure Sophie;” said Shealther
“She’s gunna be a Wizard then?” asked Sophie.
“Not really Sophie, she will be the Queen of the Dragons, when she is old enough and skilled in the arts, her first task will be to find them a safe place to live and her second task will be that she should be able to protect them.” Shealther looked at Wizzo. 
“So I must ask you Gwarcheidial, do you accept this added task?” He was thinking about all the problems he would have trying to train a girl in the mystical arts, for one thing it had never been done before, and there was also his lack of knowledge regarding the ladies and their special needs. That reminded him of the promise that he had made to Sophie that as soon as she was well enough they would see to all these things, it seemed that a lady could not survive without them. Then of course their all-important anatomy, there’s a great deal of difference between the male and the female form, Shealther broke into his thoughts. 
“The Dragons know that they will be forever in your debt if you do this for them,” she said smiling knowing that this was somewhat of a bribe. The Dragons knew that he had never been able to wake them or bring them out of their long sleep that other Wizards had put them in sometime in the past for their own safety, such as those on the top of the Manor gate posts, Shealther also knew this.
“Will I be able to bring them forth Shealther, those on the gates I mean?”
“They are not for you to bring forth Gwarcheidial they are simply carved from stone and shall remain so.” Sophie wanted to hear everything that was said but she was getting so very tired, she excused herself and accompanied by Alice went back inside the Cottage.
“I know where there is something that may be of interest to you Great Wizard!” said Queen Bethermere, changing the subject because she knew that Shealther was keeping a secret.
“And what may I ask is that? It seems that as soon as I'm promised something, it is taken away by those who think that it is their business to keep all manner of secrets from me; I'm not a happy Wizard at all. I mean look at me, I’m sitting here holding, on to two Fairies in case they fly away, I even risk my life and yet it still seems that secrets are to be kept from me, I don’t know that I should put up with being treated in this manner.” He sighed a long sigh and at the same time shrugging his shoulders. “But none the less I shall open my ears to the one who does not keep very important things from me. What is it you have to tell me kind and generous lady, who I might add is to become my dearest and closest friend? Shealther still playing the game now looked terribly sad.
“I cannot take you there now, but if you are going to have something to do with releasing the Dragons from their shield, you will need to know where the book is hidden that we think holds the spell. The great Wizard Ellthran put it there, he went on his way over nine hundred years ago, it was he that cast the spell for the Dragons, and it was he that hid his book of spells under the same shield. At this time of year we know that the valley will be deep in snow, and because of that the entrance will be hidden, also you will not be able to read the script that’s written on the rocks above the entrance to it, you will just have to be patient and wait until the snow melts.”
“He put writings in a book you say dear sweet lady?”
“As far as we know he did;” she said smiling at him but at the same time watching Shealther out of the corner of her eye.
“And it is still there, dear sweet adorable lady?” she could see that Wizzo still wanted to play the game.
“As far as is known it is still there, my dearest friend, I think that we are the only ones who know about it and we haven’t been able to gain entrance to the secret place to this day.” Wizzo clapped his hands together.
“We’ll go in search of it near the end of spring and I will find his book of spells, I’m good at this sort of thing, am I not Shealther?”
“I’m not speaking to you, and anyway, are you not according to Bethermere a great Wizard? And are not supposedly great Wizards able to do simple things?” Shealther then tossed her flowing golden hair back with a flick of her beautiful head; she knew that this always had an enormous effect on him, she was facing away from him but secretly she was watching him with her mind. It had the desired effect, she felt his heart beat faster, inwardly she breathed a sigh, he still loves me, and I will wait for him. She hid these thoughts from him, but she could not hide them from Bethermere who she knew was listening and watching.
“I’m not interested in your secrets any more Shealther, I now have something more important to think about, possibly another book to add to my collection, fly away if you wish ---- I care not, I will take on this task and Queen Bethermere my dearest friend will help me.” Grinning to himself, and behaving like a schoolboy knowing that Shealther would want to know about everything that was happening, he then pulled the hood over his head to shield his thoughts from her and snuggled down in his cloak. Ha! He thought to himself, now I have her. Their little game was interrupted by Athermine who he felt was trying to tell him something from inside his cloak, carefully opening up the neck he asked. 
“Are you calm enough for me to let you out?”
“You can let us out now Wizzo” she said.
“Cathra hold on to Athermine, when I open my cloak and let the light in, there’s no telling what she will do.”
“All right, I am holding on to her!” he opened his cloak slowly and as soon as the light hit Athermine she started to spin taking her mother round with her, Wizzo looked at Shealther for guidance.
“Close your cloak quickly;” he did so. Now they were trapped inside again, but at least they were getting less excited and he felt that they were getting weaker, the amount of energy that had been flowing from them and going through him had made him feel as if he was a hundred years younger.
“You called me Wizzo again Shealther, I like that.”
“I apologies for my lack of manners she said with a touch of mischief in her voice, anyway I must leave you --- I have more important things to do than play games with a Great Wizard called Wizzo.”
“I think that you’re forgetting something Shealther, what about Peewee?”
“It is not his time yet! Athermine has things that she must sort out in her mind before such a decision is made, when her task is finished and she has her freedom, who knows what she will want.” Queen Bethermere interrupted any thoughts they he might have had on the subject. 
“Athermine will return with us and to her mother, she has much to learn, there for I say that she must return when her task is finished, no decisions other than that will be made for her regarding her future!”
It was now Shealther’s turn to say something. 
“You are her Queen Bethermere and she is subject to your rule, we will abide by your decision, one thing that Athermine has learned and that is to be strong willed as you have seen, I only hope that she will herself abide by your decision.”
“I will banish her if she does not!”
Wizzo who had removed the hood from his head now replaced it; he didn’t want this Fairy Queen listening to his inner most thoughts. He didn’t care much for her, and yet he knew that in her own mind she thought that she was doing the right thing for Athermine, but to be put so bluntly and seemingly without feeling meant that she did not trust them to do her bidding or Athermine for that matter. He had been watching Shealther, who had also been taken aback by the haughtiness of this Scottish Queen.
“We understand your feeling and your concerns dear friend; we will try and persuade Athermine to return to you.” He said.
“I would indeed appreciate your help in this matter Wizzo, if I may call you that ---- and don’t forget, you will need my help in that other matter!”
Now he understood what was in her mind, he had suspected it, but didn’t know that a Fairy Queen would think in such a way, it must be a hard life up in the highlands, hard indeed he thought.
“I must go now, I will make my own way back (Wizzo!)” said Shealther playfully with her nose in the air
He sat there on the grass not knowing quite what to do; he didn’t like the thought of her going back on her own.
“I’ll release them Shealther and take you back.”
“I appreciate your concern Wizzo but I’ll be all right,” she flew towards the Cottage gate that was now opening, and then she was gone. 
“You love her do you not?” said Bethermere?
“I do indeed, but I’m just an old Wizard and who knows what an old Wizard wants or doesn’t want.”
“She knows and feels your love.”
“She has never chosen another to share her life with, and she has never had the pleasure of a child in her arms. I think it possible that she became their Queen when she was too young and has born that responsibility ever since, there were only a few of them then.” He smiled. “Now there are thousands and they are all protected under the shield at the manor. I don’t understand why it is that you have never been in touch with Shealther or myself, didn’t you know that as well as being the keeper of the great book my other task is that I’m the guardian of all Fairies?” With this exciting news Bethermere started to spin round, it had been hundreds of years since she had felt any excitement at all mainly because of Cathra’s loss, they all thought that a witch or a Sorcerer had taken her.
“I didn’t know that Fairies had a guardian or that there was some kind of great book.” Wizzo couldn’t understand this so he shielded his thoughts from her. It just didn’t make any sense at all to him, there could only be one reason for it and that was that Bethermere had never been ordained a Queen, she had never had that knowledge passed on to her from another Queen, he wondered why. Shealther hadn’t mentioned it or even hinted at it, being a Queen herself she must have known, he decided to be careful and approach this delicate matter in a different way, so he asked.
Are you and your people not shielded in anyway Bethermere?
“No we’re not, I noted your surprise and Shealther’s at the way in which I conduct myself, we live a different life, sometimes it’s not as easy as we would wish, there are those that would seek to destroy us. There are many black Witches in the highlands and have been for centuries, but now there is one in particular, she has made herself known by trying to catch us whenever she can, she seemed to become obsessed with this thought some fifteen years ago and seeks to do nothing else, so we have to be careful and look after each other, that’s why I must return as soon as possible.”
“I understand Bethermere; I will make sure that Cathra and Athermine return safely to you, if you wish to leave now you can do so knowing that you leave them in good hands, it would also be wise for you to go before the light fades.”
“We thank you Wizzo, I will ask you again if I may call you that? It seems that your friends do.”
“I will count on you as a friend Bethermere and the name seems to fit me well, I will see you in the late spring and if the witch becomes too much of a problem you need only call my name and I will come.”
“We thank you kind Wizard, it’s a pity that we didn’t know that we had a Guardian long ago, we could have lived as Fairies should, free with no sense of fear and with only love in our hearts, this constant fear drains us of our energy, you see here only those that felt strong enough to help Cathra, she being particularly weak and still suffering from her loss all those years ago.” She turned to Elthra who was close by and was about to ask her something.
You have no need to ask Bethermere, we will do all that is necessary to care for them both.
“I thank you, said Bethermere. I apologies for even thinking that I would need to ask such a thing of you.”
Wizzo entered the conversation.
“Bethermere your situation is not of your making, or to your liking, you have only to call my name and I will come to you, whether it is tomorrow or as arranged in late spring. Now I respectfully suggest that you be on your way, the gate will open for you and I therefore bid you and your sisters a good and safe journey,” he stood up. “I’ll take these two inside, close the drapes, put out the candles, and then perhaps they will calm down enough for me to let them out.”
“It seems we both have important things to attend to.” said Bethermere “I will see you late in the spring or before that if deemed necessary my good friend,” with that she called on her sisters, again the gate opening at their approach and the next moment they were gone. Wizzo set his feet apart, raised his staff and in the old language restored the shield over the forest. He then went inside, closed the drapes, put out the candles, sat in his chair then slowly opened his cloak, they were on his chest curled up together, asleep, they had completely and utterly exhausted themselves. 
Peewee looked up from the floor and whispered.
“That’s love Wizzo, that’s love. I will never know such a love as that, all my kind have gone, and even if they were here the spell cannot be changed.” Wizzo said nothing but at the same time knowing that if he could understand what was written over the cave entrance he may be able to do something for this little fellow, he looked at Sophie who understandably was deep in thought. Alice had gone into the scullery and from the sound of it was washing up some pots, he sighed, all is well. With that in his mind and after such a seemingly long day he closed his eyes, his chine dropped down onto his chest and he went to sleep. 
Later, and not wanting to disturb the two Fairies sleeping on Wizzo’s chest, Sophie and Alice crept off to bed. Pee Wee made himself comfortable in Sophie’s chair so that he could watch his beloved Athermine, until he too went sadly off to sleep.
 In his dreams he was all alone searching for her everywhere, up in the mountains and down in the valleys of Scotland, he frantically ran and ran and no matter how hard or where he looked he couldn’t find her. Wizzo also had a restless night; Peewee’s dreams were so strong that he was aware of them; he could see the little fellow running around in his mind and could feel his desperation.

CHAPTER 10

In the morning he was woken by Alice busy rattling pots and making something to eat, Athermine and her mother had lost a lot of their brightness and were over with Pee Wee in Sophie’s chair, she was explaining to him that when her task was finished as it soon would be, she must go back with her mother and would he come with her, the little fellow was looking at her in a very affectionate but sad way.
“I can’t go back with you Athermine, my place is here, that’s if Wizzo will have me, anyway you know what I’m like in the cold, my bones become stiff and I just can’t move, no little one you must go back, your mother needs to teach you many things, also your Queen is most wise and she demands that you return.”
I don’t care what she demands Peewee, we have been together and looked after each other for so long, is it all to end?” 
“End, what we have can never end, our love for each other is forever, but now you must go back and see your father, your family and get to know what it is to be a Fairy, a true Fairy for that’s what you are and always will be.”
“But what will you do my true and trusted friend, what will become of you?” she asked sadly
“I’ll look after him and he will look after me, and don’t forget we have a Dragon Queen to train; she will want somebody to play with!” Said Wizzo, just then Sophie came down yawning and stretching her arms in the air.
“Allo everybody, I hope ya slept as well as I did,” she walked over to her chair and on looking down onto it she smiled, “looks like it’s all full up;” pulling her skirts up she knelt down in front of it.
“What’s goin on ere then, is it time for you to go my little love, is your task finished, cause I feel good and me lump never felt better. I think I got a horse in there he kicks so ard.” Sophie was trying to make it easy for Athermine to go, she was beginning to get to know and understand Fairies and besides that she felt well enough and strong enough to let her little friend depart with her mother. She had thought about it for most of the night that’s why she had put on such a display of having slept so well so that Athermine wouldn’t be worried. Athermine first went to Peewee and kissed him on the nose twice, and then she went to Sophie and did the same.
Wizzo was about to call Elthra but had no need to because she and twelve other Fairies had appeared and were now hovering in a circle above Athermine and her mother returning their strength to them.
“Can you get home all right Cathra, or do you need my assistance?”
“I think we’ll be all right Wizzo;” they were both now standing up in Sophie’s chair and holding hands.
“I’ll take you up to the main gates then;” he said. 
“Can I come?” said Pee Wee, Wizzo went over and picked him up.
“Come on then little fellow let’s see these two good Fairies on their way and we’ll stay outside the shield and listen to make sure that they get home alright.” He turned to Sophie.
“Are you staying here Sophie?
“I think I will Wizzo, I don’t like good byes, my thanks to ya Athermine, ya saved me and my little one’s life, I won’t never forget that, will ya come back and visit sometime?” the caring look in Sophie’s eyes was enough to melt even the hardest of hearts.
“Of course I will Sophie, you’re my task, and it isn’t finished yet!” Sophie looked surprised at this last statement.
“Not finished!” was all she could say.
Athermine just smiled and looked at Wizzo knowingly.
“Fairies have secrets Sophie, I thought you’d know that by now;” he said with a big smile on his face. 
They left Sophie and went outside, the sky was filled with dark heavy clouds and flakes of snow had started to float down. When the main gates were closing behind them he looked up at the sky.
“Are you sure that you’ll be all right Cathra? I don’t like the look of this; you’ll have trouble if it is snowing heavily where you’re going.” Cathra looked up into the snow filled clouds.
“I’ll ask Bethermere;” she concentrated for some time, “I’m not getting an answer Wizzo.” 
“Neither am I Cathra;” he turned to Peewee, “you had best go back inside my little friend, it seems that I’m needed.”
“We will meet again my one and only love;” said Peewee, Athermine came over and kissed him on the nose three times.
“That’s so you will not forget me!” it was too much for him, he floated up in the air.
“Three times,” he said, “she kissed me three times!” 
On Wizzo’s command the gates were opening and Peewee floated reluctantly back inside, when the gates were closed Wizzo opened his cloak.
“Come inside little ones. Give me your thoughts Cathra and I will get you safely home;” this was one of the most difficult things for a Fairy to do, in the giving of her thoughts it would mean that she would become powerless, completely in the other persons hands. Wizzo was unable to go anywhere, he waited and while he waited he put his hood over his head so as to try and hear her better, still nothing came, her past fears had closed her mind to him.
“I have a good idea were your home is, Bethermere told me as much, I’ll take you as near as possible then perhaps you can direct me from there, with that he was gone. 
Next he found that he could smell the sea, the snow was falling in sheets and swirled around him, he called out in his mind to Bethermere.
“I am here with Athermine and her mother, will you give me some direction my lady,” a voice came drifting back to him.
“This way, this way, my little ones, come this way.” He floated through the swirling blustery snow; he had no idea where he was going, he could only hear the voice, repeating. 
“This way, this way my little ones!” He was getting closer now, the feeling he was getting was not as it should be, he stopped and the voice kept calling. 
“This way, this way my little ones.” There was something not right, so he quickly went back the other way. He stopped, listening with every fiber of his body, it was then he heard soft cackling laughter, it was as if somebody was trying not to laugh but couldn’t help it. Then he heard another voice, it was definitely not the same one, it came from a different direction, it was soft and it seemed only for his ears. 
“This way Wizzo.” He only heard it once but it was enough so he flew in that direction, he was going along the coast, he’d gone maybe ten miles or so, Cathra knowing and feeling that she was nearing her home popped her head out and pointed.
“Over there Wizzo! Over there!” He found himself up against a rock wall; Athermine and Cathra flew out of his cloak, found a small crevice in the rock face and disappeared inside. A soft whispered voice came back to him.
“We thank you Wizzo, I’m sorry I didn’t trust you, you can go now, we will be safe and we thank you once again for your kindness.”
“What about the Witch I heard Cathra, will she trouble you?”
“She has always troubled us; we live in fear of her!”
“I’ll go and see what can be done.”
“Be careful Wizzo, she is a most powerful witch, with a most powerful friend!” 
He had never had any trouble with witches before, most were just a nuisance, flying around on their broom sticks at night and having what they called fun, well he supposed it was fun to them, most would not interfere with Fairies because Fairies were too hard to catch and even if they did catch one they could only display it like a bird in a golden cage, they could do it no harm, the trapped Fairy would grant them a wish and they would let it go, or so he was led to believe. 
He made his way back along the coast. It wasn’t until he had travelled some distance that he thought he heard someone singing. As he moved closer, he realized that it wasn’t exactly singing, it sounded more like a croaking, cackling sound mixed with words.
“I shall catch you my little ones, cackle, cackle, I’m getting closer my little ones, ever closer and closer my little ones, cackle, cackle, when I do you will grant my master his wish, cackle, cackle!” Wizzo found himself outside a warped rotten wooden door with only one leather hinge stopping it from falling to the ground, it was attached to a very small stone built shack, covered and banked up with snow. There was smoke billowing out of the chimney, it smelt foul, she was making some kind of potion. Witches thought that if the potions smell was extremely bad, it must be strong, the more it stank, the stronger it must be. Wizzo made sure that his cloak and hood was tightly wrapped about him and that not one part of him could be seen or touched, he carefully lifted the rusty latch on the door and quietly entered. 
He found himself in a small stinking room full of smoke, a table was on his left up against the wall, there were shelves above this full of little stone jars of all shapes and sizes covered in thick dust. There was another small rickety table in the center of the room littered with small stone jars dirty pots and an assortment of dried herbs, the old Witch was on the other side of it and was leaning over the fire stirring and sniffing her foul smelling brew. She had on a torn dirty old black cloak and due to the fact that it was too big and a good part of it dragged on the floor it had suffered considerably, the cloak had mystical signs embroidered into it, most of which he couldn’t make out because it was torn in so many places. Her brown pointed hat was all bent and he could see the dust and dirt lying in the creases of it. Under it was a face that would even put a fright into another Witch, sunken eyes, pointed nose and almost toothless mouth. Her grey matted hair hung down over her shoulders to below her waist. Then there were the talons, you couldn’t call them hands, the nails of which being at least an inch or more long and each had been cut to a razor sharp point, he supposed they were used as weapons or for tearing things apart, these were attached to her thin scrawny arms. 
He closed the door quietly behind him, not that it made any difference because it was full of holes and cracks and even when it was closed it didn’t keep out the wind or the snow to a great extent. He crept up behind her. 
He didn’t notice the cat laying on her bed, it leapt into life coming straight at him, screeching with claws out stretched, the cat got the surprise of its life, Wizzo’s cloak had been made by the Fairies thousands of years ago, Wizard had passed it on to Wizard, the cat coming into contact with it now felt a thousand needles sticking into its flesh, screeching with the pain, it raced away and disappeared under the old Witches bed. The screaming old Witch spun around to face him, she then threw the stinking spoon in his direction, to his surprise he was then attacked from behind by the broom, it received the same treatment as the cat, it flew franticly around, hitting first the roof then the floor, then smashing its way out through what was left of the door.
Wizzo moved over to the open doorway blocking the Witches only means of escape.
“Now then what have we here;” he said in a most friendly manner. She was now cowering in the corner by her bed, her scrawny fingers with those sharpened nails clawed the air, when she hissed strange and terrible sounds came from within her, she knew that she was at the mercy of this Wizard. The thing that possessed her he knew it was this that made the strange noises coming from somewhere deep inside her, her fearful eyes perched on top of her pointed wart hooked nose darted in all directions looking for a means of escape.
“It would seem that you are after my little friends, I’m afraid I can’t allow you to do that dear lady!” He said smiling at her. Wizzo knew by the sounds that were coming from her that she was possessed; either she had allowed it to happen as some do, or it could be that somebody who knew how to do such things had put it there for a purpose, the purpose of catching a fairy he thought. It had seemed a little strange to him that this place was so dirty and untidy, as she herself was, also she didn’t seem to feel the cold although it had obviously taken its toll on her body and her outward appearance.  Wringing her hands together as though she was praying she said.
“Nay sir, ya got it all wrong, I would’na harm the wee things, really I would’na, I’m just a wee silly old woman, what harm can I do. Look around ya, would somebody such as a great and powerful Witch live in such a filthy hovel.” Even while she was talking the strange noises kept coming from inside her.
“There are no such things as great and powerful Witches, dear lady, sorcerer's maybe but Witches no.” He was now trying his best to mesmerize the old woman. It took some time before he could feel it working.
“This is not a hovel but a beautiful Cottage lovely lady, nestling on a hillside above a quaint little fishing town, why everybody knows that all who live here are the most friendly and charitable people and there are none here that would harm another. The people of the village love you dearly and would wish you no harm.” 
He felt that now was the time, her face had softened a little, and had become indecisive, knowing that he would not get another chance he reached out with his staff and although she tried her best to push it away with her scrawny hands it touched her lightly on the forehead. 
She shrieked as the vapors came out though her mouth and nose, the entity that possessed her made it’s escape and went screaming out through the roof. 
The transformation was immediate, forgotten were all the things she had lived her life for. She no longer thought that she was a Witch or even knew what a Witch was supposed to do, she sat meekly on the dirt floor smiling up at him like a child, he now turned his attention to the possessed broom that he knew would be hiding out side. He turned to the opening that was once a door, raising his staff and smiling so that the broom wouldn’t fear him, he said in a soft voice.
“Broom, I commanded you to return, your lady is in need of you.” He stood to one side of the door when he said this so that he was out of sight, the moment the inquisitive broom entered he quickly reached out with his staff and touched it, this caused the broom to shatter and it fell in a heap of dust to the floor, that which possessed it was gone too another place, a place where all entities go when released. Having got rid of the mischievous broom he turned his attention back to the old woman.
“Now dear lady, you have no need to fear me, I am your true friend and as I understand it, you are a healer of some renowned, shall we not sit down and eat one of these delicious apples that I just happen to have in my pocket.” 
He arranged the stools so that she would be facing him, she sat down in her rags, she smoothed them out as best she could and at the same time wondered why it was that she had on such torn and tattered garments, Wizzo was pleased to see that she was not a Witch any more.
“I would love one of your wee apples kind Sir, I can’na remember when it was that I last had one.” She took a bite of it as best she could, and then with a bright almost toothless smile she said, “Ti’s a splendid apple sir, may I ask as to why you're here, have you an ailment that I might assist you with?” He produced from within his cloak a large leather bound book, on handing it to her he said. 
“There will be many who will try to steal this book from you, you must keep it hidden at all times and tell no one of its existence. In it you will read about lotions and potions with the power to heal all manner of ailments, ---- open it, --- tell me if you understand its meanings!” She opened the book and began to study it; he again reached over and touched her on the forehead with his staff. She looked at him with a genuine smile. 
“I understand it well;” was her reply.
“Good! That’s excellent --- Mary Mac Gentle.” It was the first name that he could think of, he sighed, it would have to do, and anyway it suited her. 
He got up and went over to the dust laden shelves that were above the table against the wall. Taking a good many of the stone jars he went outside and smashed them against the stone walls, he went back inside and found that he was being drawn towards what looked like a large lose stone in the wall next to the fire, he pulled it out. The face of the stone was very thin and behind it lay a cavity, inside was a well-used old book, the leather binding on it was so worn there was hardly anything left of the outer cover. He could feel the evil that possessed it, he picked it up and quickly threw it on the fire, to his surprise the fire went out, it was as if somebody had turned it off. He now knew that through this book somebody was watching, he smiled to himself, he then placed the tip of his staff firmly on the book, he uttered some words and the fire burst back into life. He held the book down as it struggled to escape the flames that consumed it, after a while it was gone, then he disturbed the ashes to make sure that the evil thing was destroyed. 
The cat was under the bed, still too frightened to come out, he poked his staff at it and as soon as the cat’s claws came into contact, it rolled over on its back waiting to be stroked and tickled. He picked the now friendly cat up and put it on Mary’s lap.
‘Hello wee pussy, what’s your name?” she asked stroking it and playing with its ears.
“His name’s Fur ball; he seems to like you Mary” 
“Can I keep the wee thing!” she said almost pleading.
“Of course you can, he’s yours.”
“Thank you;” she returned her attentions back to the cat. Wizzo couldn't help but see the snow building up inside the open doorway; he knew that she would freeze if he didn’t do something about it. He could move things around but he had never had to put a door back together that had been smashed to pieces before. 
He put his mind to repairing it. It wasn’t long before bits of splintered wood started to move in all directions, he stopped, he would need to concentrate much harder, he did and they were trying but it wasn’t working, it’s too cold he thought, the woods frozen solid, it won’t answer to my mind. 
He stood in the doorway for a while to keep the cold out. 
The table; that was the answer. Walking over and seeing that it was about the right size, he took everything off it and then turning it on its end he broke off the legs, taking it over he stood it up in the doorway. He was pleased with himself; it turned out to be quite a good fit. 
The leather straps that had acted as hinges for the other door were still there, the partly rusted nails were still in them having pulled themselves out of the rotten wood. He rubbed his hands together and with his mind he forced the old nails into the new door. 
He stood back admiring his handiwork at least that will keep the winter out he thought. Next he went to the fire and lifted out the large stinking iron cauldron. He took it a short distance from the shack and put the cauldron down in the snow, then standing as far away as he could, he reached out with his staff and tipped it over. When the stinking mixture came into contact with the pure white snow it tried to escape by flowing down the hill on top of it, after a short distance with the mixture trying in vain to find something solid to cling to, the pureness of the snow finally consumed it. Putting handfuls of snow inside the still hot cauldron he waited for it to melt and then after swilling it round he emptied the contents out. He did this several times until he was satisfied that it was clean and contained none of the foul smelling mixture. He carried the cauldron back inside and placed it on the floor next to the fire. 
She had finished her apple so he took some more fruit from out of his cloak. Putting these on the floor he then searched the place for any monies that might be hidden. 
He’d never had to worry about how much or how little he had in the way of monies but now his own resources were getting low. His mind went to a flagstone under the bed, he went over to it and reaching underneath he lifted it up and pulled it out and scraped out the coins that were hidden in the dirt. Having sorted through them he found that most were copper and green with age and there were but two silver pieces and no gold. He sighed; because he knew that this old Witch must have spent too much of her time on her or somebody else’s fruitless obsession, that obsession being to catch a Fairy. He found it surprising that she was still alive; he took out his leather pouch and emptied the contents of it in with the rest. That should keep her going for a while he thought.
“I’ll hide these monies under here Mary, you may like to buy yourself a new table, some garments and get your sod roof and the door fixed up properly. I’ll go down to the town and see if I can find somebody to come and see to your needs.” He was thinking that after what he’d done to her mind she would never survive without some help, he would also have to tell them that the old Witch is dead and that a healer has taken her place. 
He spent some time repairing her garments and as a finishing touch combed her hair. He stood back and looked at her, he sighed, it was like trying to make a sow’s ear into a silk purse, he sighed again, it would have to do.
“I’ll be back shortly Mary;” Mary didn’t even look up; she was too engrossed with the cat.

CHAPTER 11

Ongoing outside he found that the wind had dropped and the snow was only falling lightly and he could just make out some houses a little way down the hill. 
As he made his way, he took time to stop and listened outside each one, this way he was able to know just who was inside. 
He made his way past most of them and had nearly reached the sea when he found himself outside a small Cottage, attached to it was a large timber shed. His thoughts told him that a strong but gentleman sat half asleep in front of a good fire, there was also a dog. The dog had already sensed his presents and had become alert, his head was raised and his ears were up even though Wizzo on his floating approach had not made a sound. 
Wizzo could smell horses, and going over to the shed, he took a quick look inside. There were carpenters tools neatly set out on a bench, above the bench chisels hung neatly in a rack, timber was stacked neatly to one side. Some he could see was in the process of seasoning. A rowing boat three quarters completed sat on a cradle in the center. The shavings from the work on it had been swept neatly into a pile. There was also a flat cart with red spokes in the wheels and a stable with a sturdy looking horse in it that whinnied when their eyes met. On hearing his footsteps a dog started to bark from inside the Cottage, It wasn't a vicious bark but a friendly welcoming sound. As he was closing the shed door he heard the man say to his dog, is there a friend out there Angus, soon the door opened and out bounded a black and white collie dog. 
“Who goes there?” Called out a strong Scottish voice, the collie bounded through the snow and up to Wizzo.
“You are a good boy letting your master know that somebody is here;” said Wizzo stroking the friendly animal. The dog sat down looking up at him, his wagging tail furiously sweeping the snow, Wizzo then looked up to see a broad shouldered kilted Scotsman filling the doorway of the Cottage.
“A lady I know is in need of a carpenter and I am new in this area, would you be such a man?” said Wizzo still patting the friendly dog.
“I mun” came the short abrupt reply that seemed to rumble up from somewhere deep inside this large man, Wizzo walked over to him escorted by the friendly dog.
Archie being the man’s name was thirty eight years old, six feet tall and had on him a magnificent red beard, his mop of red hair reaching down and laying carelessly on his broad shoulders. His face had a rugged friendly look about it with eyes of grey metal that looked long and hard at him. Then he looked down at his dog who was now sitting beside Wizzo still wagging his tail.
“ Ma wee doggy seems to think that we should be making ya welcome stranger, I canna think where ya may have come from for I duna ken your face, anyway you’d best come inside.”  Unblocking the door he allowed Wizzo to pass. 
“Thank you.” On entering Wizzo placed his staff just inside the door. The room was neat and tidy with a table in the center with four handmade chairs placed around it and another two handmade wooden arm chairs faced the large fire. In the corner by the fire stood a sword and shield that looked as if they had both been well used. (It was not a good time in Scotland with the English trying to subdue it.) A well-made sideboard sat in front of the window with candleholders sitting one at each end and an empty vase in the middle; there was also an empty vase in the middle of the waxed table. The Cottage smelt good and felt good, like a home thought Wizzo. Having introduced themselves, they sat down in the stiff backed armchairs. He explained to Archie about the new resident that now occupied the shack just up the hill, and exactly what had to be done to fix the place up.
“Nay body goes near that wee hovel Mr. Burn Bright. If I might be saying so Sir she has ya fooled, she’s an old Witch, and one that we could be well rid of, make no mistake about it.”
“The old Witch has died Archie, the lady that occupies it now is Mary Mac Gentle, she’s not well off, but has the means to pay you for your labor. I might also add that she has no way of knowing the cost of it so I would expect you to treat her with all fairness. You might also know of somebody in this town that has some expertise with the making of garments, simple garments I mean. Mary is a healer, a simple woman and has no need of fastidious things, I’ll come up there with you if you wish and introduce you to her.”
“You're saying that she’s a healer Mr. Burn Bright?”
“And a good one to;” Whilst saying this, Wizzo had noticed see some redness around the Archie's back, “l couldn’t help but notice that you seem to be having some trouble with your back!”
“I It’s killing me!” he said putting his hands on his back and stretching, “ooooh!” Wizzo stood up and beckoned Archie to do the same; Archie didn’t understand Wizzo’s intentions so he stubbornly sat there.
“Stand up Archie I may be able to do something about your back for you!” Archie reluctantly stood up. Wizzo went round behind him and placed his right hand on the small of the big man’s back, Archie felt a warmth flowing though him and then it slowly cooled down, Wizzo took his hand away then went back to his chair and sat down.
“How does that feel now my friend;” he asked, Archie was twisting his back this way and that and then bending down slowly as if waiting for the pain to hit him he touched his toes, he straightened up with a surprised look on his face.
“That’s canny, what did ya do! I felt this warmth all around ma back and now there’s nay pain!” He twisted his strong body every which way, and then with a surprised look at Wizzo exclaimed. “It’s gone!”
“I am a healer too Archie, you will have no more trouble with your back, Mary has not yet learnt to do that but in time she will:” Archie sat down, the hardness mostly gone from his eyes.
“Ya say that old Witch is nay there anymore?” Archie’s was still looking at Wizzo with some doubt.
“No she’s not Archie, a fine and gentle lady lives there now, and she is a good friend of mine.” Wizzo sat and thought for a short while. He felt that this big Highlander as yet didn’t believe what he was saying, so he decided that it was necessary to convince him.
“Archie, do you believe in Witches?”
“What mun would not” was his reply.
Wizzo nodded his head as if in understanding, then he paused for a while as if thinking seriously about something, he leaned towards Archie and asked.
“Do you then believe in Fairies Archie?”
“Are ya daft mun, course there’s wee Fairies!” Archie was looking at him as though he must be the dumbest man in the world. Wizzo waited for a short time.
“What about Wizards Archie, do you think that there could be such a thing?” Archie had a puzzled look on his face, he had heard of them, but he had never seen one, he sat there and thought about it. Wizzo noted that he was indeed a thoughtful man and was inclined not to say anything until having given the question some considerable investigation, at last he said
“If there’s Witches and wee Fairies, there’d have to be Wizards wouldn’t there? When I was a lad, I seen a wee fairy, and there’s nay doubt in ma mind, nor that of the rest of the folk around hear that the old woman who lives in the wee tumble down shack was a Witch.” Archie then paused in thought,. “I! There’d have to be Wizard’s.” Wizzo sat back in his chair; he had been listening with interest to this well thought out explanation.
“I must apologize for all these questions my friend, but you still seemed to have some doubt about Mrs. Mac Gentle and I thought that there was a need to further explain myself to you;” there was a short pause.
“Well go on mun, explain yourself!” Wizzo smiled at him, he thought that the smile would be necessary under the circumstances.
“I am somewhat of a Wizard myself Archie, the old woman up in the shack is the same old woman except for the fact that she is no longer a Witch. It is in my mind that someone of a devious nature had put a spell on her; she was indeed possessed, I know this because the only desire she had in her mind was to catch a Fairy, not for herself mind, but for someone else. Witches don’t usually live in such conditions Archie, some are full of mischief as you possibly know, most are healers and follow the laws of nature keeping themselves to themselves and quietly going about their business and are normally quite able to take care of themselves. On entering the hovel the first thing that I noticed was that she was not in any way taking good care of herself, also her actions on my entering were somewhat extraordinary. I’m happy to say that a Witch is no match for a Wizard Archie, especially a Witch that has been possessed. They become very single minded in their ways and only think of the task at hand. You’ve maybe heard that the clergy of the church are able to drive out demons?”
“I, mun I’ve heard of such things.”
“Well Archie that’s what I did, no more or no less than that, she is now no longer what she was. I have also taken from her mind the fact that she was ever a Witch. ----- There is one important thing that I need to know from you. Do you remember anybody that has visited her in the past five years or so, someone from outside the town, a stranger perhaps?” Archie thought about what he had been told for some time, he had to admit that it all sounded much like a wee Fairy tale to him. He believed himself to be a strong minded sort of fellow and yet there was something about this man, Wizzo interrupted his thoughts.
“I see that you are still not convinced Archie;” Wizzo held up his hand, his staff that he had left just inside the door came floating over to him. Archie didn’t know whether to just sit there or take off as fast as his strong hairy Highland legs would carry him; he found his hand reaching down for the dirk that he carried in the top of his sock.
“You have no need to fear me Archie, I will do you no harm, but I do need to know if there is someone who goes to see her?” There was silence, both sat there looking at each other, Wizzo realized that he could have made a mistake about this fellow and maybe should have mesmerized him because Archie’s steel like eyes were now looking directly at him in a hard and menacing way.
“Tell me something Archie, do you feel that your mind is clear; that you are indeed thinking for yourself, with no interference from me?” again there was silence. Archie came to the conclusion that if this man was a Wizard as he seemed to be, he would be quite able to put things into his mind, he had heard of such things happening, the word mesmerize came to him so he asked the question.
“Could you mesmerize me if you wanted too, that’s the right word I’m thinking?”
“I could Archie, but by doing that it would not serve either of us. I really need you to remember all that takes place here and have no doubt in your mind that all is as it should be, you see Archie I am here to protect my dear friends the Fairies. ----- I’ve succeeded in getting rid of the Witch for them, now I need to know who it was that made her that way, also I need you to look after her as I cannot be here all the time to do so. Wizzo paused. “If you won’t do it then I must find somebody else because she will die otherwise and I cannot allow that to happen no matter what she was or may have been before.” Wizzo could see that Archie had almost made up his mind, “what shall it be my friend, do you wish to see the Fairies safe or not, that is the question?” Archie thought about that and then finally making up his mind replied.
“There’s a wee dumpy fellow that comes on the supply ship, every six months, I’d be thinking that he’d be the only one I know that goes to see her”.
“On what date is the supply ship due back Archie?”
“It comes in the last week of April and then again at the same time in August, if all goes well and the weather permits.”
“So it isn’t always on time?”
“Normally yes, but if the weather is extremely bad there could be a wee delay.”
“Thank you my friend, now then, can I rely on you to go up there once a week and see that she is well.” 
“ Ay mun.” 
“I will see to it so that she has the necessary monies and will be able to pay you for bringing her food and fixing up the things that need doing? ---- Now then, this is most important, if for some reason I’m not here and this wee dumpy fellow arrives, do not attempt to interfere with him in anyway.” Wizzo looked over at Archie’s Sword and Shield. “As skilled as you may be with them Archie, against a Sorcerer they would be useless, he will simply brush them aside, and if for some reason I don’t get here in time to stop him, don’t for any reason go up to see her after he’s been, do I make myself clear Archie!”
“I mun I’ll do as ya say for I know nowt about these things;” 
Archie sat for a short while clearly thinking about something, Wizzo knew what it was but waited for him to ask. 
“There’s one wee thing that I’d like to ask of ya Mr. Burn Bright,” he became hesitant and looked a little foolish.
“Ask away my friend, what is it you want of me?”
“You say there’s wee Fairies about here?”
“That’s correct Archie, and you say that you’ve seen one before when you were a lad?”
“I’ up in the hills. I’d fallen and twisted ma ankle and was shedding a wee tear or two with the pain of it;” he then almost apologized for his youthful tears. “Remember I was only a wee lad Mr. Burn Bright. Well it was then that I noticed her, she was hovering a few feet away from me. I sat back and put ma wee foot out and she came down and settled on it, she made the pain go away, I didn’t say anything ta the we thing, I didna even think ta thank her, and then she just up and flew away. I should have thanked the wee thing, should I not?”
“You probably thanked her in your mind Archie and she would have known that.” Wizzo thought for a moment. “They sleep mostly through the winter, when I come back in April I’ll ask them if they will see you, it may well be that the one you have already met will readily agree to such a meeting if only for you to thank her.”
“Orch away with ya Mr. Burn Bright, she’d nay remember, I was just a wee lad.”
“Even though you’ve grown up she will know and remember you as clear as if it were yesterday Archie.”
“I’ve been doing a bit o thinking and what with one thing and another and with you being a Wizard it would be wise of me to go along with what you’re asking of me.” Archie stood up. “So I’ll just go and get my measuring stick from the workshop and we’ll be off up to see this lady of yours.” Wrapping a tartan cloak around himself they both went outside with the dog following them. Archie getting what he would need from his shed, then with his kilt swinging and his great hairy highland legs treating the deep snow with contempt they set of up the hill. 
The snow was deep in places but at least it had stopped. Wizzo could have glided across the top of it but was pretending to make it look as if he was struggling just a little for the benefit of this big Scotsman, who he didn’t want to frighten any more than was necessary. 
On their arrival at the little shack Wizzo knocked on the door and called out.
“Can we come in Mary?”
“Please do;” came the reply, Wizzo entered first with the still reluctant Archie and Angus hesitating at the door and peering in from outside. Wizzo introduced them.
“His name’s Archie Mary, come in my good man, you can’t measure anything from out there, he looked at Angus, how is the dog with cats?” Archie had his eyes fixed firmly on Mary who was sitting on a stool beside the fire with fur ball in her lap.
“It’s good of you to come at such short notice Archie;” she said looking at him, “won’t you come in;” he told Angus to stay and stepped inside, took his cap off and stood there fidgeting with it nervously.
“He remembers the old Witch that used to live here Mary, the one that died, maybe I didn’t tell you about her?”
“I don’t think you did;” she said with a vacant look on her face. Wizzo turned to Archie.
“Close what’s left of the door my friend and come round by the fire and warm yourself.” Archie feeling a little bit more comfortable after seeing the change that had taken place in the old Witch closed the door and went over to join them, rubbing his hands together vigorously to warm them in front of the fire.
“I must apologize but I must leave you two to sort things out. I have a long journey ahead of me and if I don’t leave now it will get to dark to travel. Again I apologize, but I will come back in the late spring to see how you’re doing Mary. In the meantime I think that this fine fellow here will take good care of you and introduce you to all the rest of the people in this good town, they have no healer, so they will appreciate that.” 
He walked over to Archie and shook his hand. “Thank you Archie, Mary’s not had much to do with the outside world, she is a healer and has spent most of her life learning her craft. I now leave her in your good hands, look after her my friend.” Before leaving he glanced at the book that was now on the floor beside Mary, he pointed his staff at it and cast a spell so that it would never leave this dwelling and would resist all efforts by anybody who tried to remove it. With that he turned and walked out into the snow, he stopped and thought for a moment then went back inside.
“Mary, if a small dumpy man comes to see you, and he’s not from this town, you must think of the name ‘Wizzo.’ I would ask you also to remember the name ‘Wizzo’ Archie. Having fixed this into both their minds he went back outside, then wrapping his cloak around himself he disappeared.

CHAPTER 12

Moments later he found himself standing outside the main gates of the cottage. It was evening, the dark snow clouds were still there from the morning making the night even darker. The oak trees looked like giant shadows against the night sky but at least it had stopped snowing and none had settled on the ground, he asked the Gate Men if he could enter, the gates opened and he thanked them.
He had only taken a few steps inside and the gates were almost closed when two great booming voices called out. 
“Stop Gwarcheidial, do not turn around, walk backwards and out of the gates!” He did as he was asked and was looking with his mind’s eye all around himself. The gates closed quickly. “Look on the back of your cloak!” Obeying he pulled his cloak around and saw what looked like half lizard and half-ugly toad hanging off it, he touched the thing with his staff. It leapt of screaming and howling with smoke pouring from it. Round and round in circles it went trailing smoke until finally it disappeared. Wizzo looked up at the Gate Men.
“Was that an entity? Or am I mistaken?”
“It was indeed an entity Gwarcheidial, with great power. It tried and almost succeeded in its refusal to go back to its own world.”
“I wonder who sent it on such a foolish errand, or could it have attached itself to me when I was dealing with the old Witch in the highlands, if it did she was more powerful than I thought gate men.”
“We did not sense its presents here before you arrived, then again it might have been hiding in the long grass a short distance away. We think that it’s not possible for you to have carried it otherwise you would have detected it yourself, because we are unable to see through your cloak we were unable to see it or sense it. Might we suggest, with all respect that in future you turn around so that we can make sure that nothing has attached itself to you.”
“I will do as you ask Gate men, but there’s something I still don’t understand, how did the thing attach itself to me in the first place! As I understood it nothing can fasten itself to my cloak, and by what means did it achieve such a thing?” the Gate Men answered him.
“It would seem that whoever sent it first coated its feet with gold so that your cloak would not reject it; it’s not possible for a witch to achieve such a thing, only a sorcerer would have the means and the knowledge to accomplish that. The entity would have had to have been under his complete control for as you well know entities are full of mischief and are normally uncontrollable with no mind of their own at all so normally cause no harm to anyone. A sorcerer must have found a way to gain entry into the mindless thing. It’s written in the great book as to the doing of such things. It was not known to us that there was at least one sorcerer that had the knowing of it, therefore must have in his possession one of the ancient books that tells of such things. It would be a wise to find it Gwarcheidial and either destroy it or add it to the great library. It must not be allowed to be used by those that seek to destroy all that we for so long have protected. It may be that he seeks to harm the dragon queen and as yet does not know of the whereabouts of the book that is hidden as told by the Scottish fairies that we now have some understanding of why they have become so defensive in their ways. It would mean that he needs the witch to catch a fairy, only that way could he obtain the books whereabouts. We might also assume that this sorcerer doesn’t live in the highlands, if he did he would not have needed the assistance of the witch.”
“I have much to think about Gate Men, I intend going up to the highlands in the late spring to see Queen Bethermere, also to make sure that nobody has interfered with Mary Mac Gentle, which is the name I have given her.”
“May I enter now Gate Men;” the gates swung open just enough for him to get through.
“I thank you Gate Men,” he next found himself at the single gate leading to the Cottage, “may I enter Gate Man” he said as he turned right around, the gate opened, “thank you my friend,” he said as he walked through. These were indeed busy days he thought as he entered the Cottage to be greeted by them all. Pee Wee wanted nothing more than to know all about Athermine. Was she safe, how bad was it snowing, was she cold, did she spin around and disappear. Through this barrage of questions, Wizzo could only smile at him.
“She is well and I would think by now curled up asleep with her mother and father Pee Wee.” Wizzo didn’t tell them about the Witch or the entity that the Gate Men had found on the back of his cloak, it was enough for them having to understand all the things that were going on in the Cottage let alone what he was having to do. He knew that Alice was really quite nervous she being of a kindly nature. It had crossed his mind that she was a good match for Archie. As he understood it, there was a great shortage of ladies in the village and she was a good-looking woman. Her dark brown eyes, well-kept brown hair carelessly flowing down over and past her shoulders, she had only been at the work house for just over eight months so hadn’t been subjected to the wretched food there for too long, so she was still a fine looking woman.
Sophie broke into his thoughts.
“Alice wants to go and see if er little uns are all right back at the workhouse Wizzo, she’s getting real worried about um she is.”
“Can you repeat that Sophie, I don’t think I quite understood your meaning?”
Sophie let out a great sigh, her shoulders dropping down.
“A-l-i-c-e--w-a-n-t-s--t-o--g-o--a-n-d--s-e-e--I-f--e-r--l-i-t-t-l-e--u-n-s--I-s--a-l-l--r-i-g-h-t--b-a-c-k-a-t-t-h-e w-o-r-k-h-o-u-s-e:” Her last word came out loud and in a hurry. He turned to Alice.
“Would now be a good time Alice, and there’s no need to shout at me Sophie, just because I’m a little bit on the deaf side,” he made a great point of pouting his lips, and then looking for some sympathy said. “Nobody cares about me at all, I’m just a lonely deaf old Wizard;” he now looked as if he was about to break out into floods of tears.
“Sorry Wizzo, I don’t mean no arm, really I don’t ---- I was just mucking about,” said the now concerned Sophie. Wizzo’s head was down as if in sorrow, he turned slightly so he could see Sophie out of the corner of his eye and to her surprise he had a big grin on his face, she pointed at him. “E’s avin a go at me e is:” all four burst out laughing.
“Now then let me see, it’s really dark outside but I can take you back there now or tomorrow morning Alice, which will it be?”
“Now would be just fine Wizzo, if that’s alright?”
“You see Sophie, Alice can speak proper when she wants to;” he said making a face at her and then putting his nose in the air said, “Why can’t you?”
“I shan’t talk to you no more, stick that in ya pipe and smoke it; so there”
“I think we’d best go Alice before I get myself into more trouble,” he then turned back to Sophie.
“And I expect to find you safely tucked up in bed by the time we get back young lady;” he said this with mock authority.
“Chance ad be a fine thing;” she said, with a cheeky grin on her face.
“Come along then Alice, we shall leave this cheeky young woman to her own devices;” he walked out followed by Alice.
“She don’t mean no arm Wizzo;” Alice said to him almost apologetically. 
“I know Alice, the fact is I like her well and I know that she means no harm, but I was thinking that if she teaches her daughter to speak like that, the dragons won't understand her, for me, I love the way you both talk, it’s most refreshing, it really is.” His face took on the look of somebody that had just eaten a lemon. “Dragons can fly, breath fire; and even talk to each other, and to those that they consider to be their friends, but really apart from that they are simple creatures, even to the point of not being able to kill anything and so became vegetarians.
Many thousands of years ago, the so-called great knights in their shining Armor were the ones too spread all the terrible rumors about them. They said that the Dragons killed the farmer’s sheep and cattle and that they swooped down and took away young maidens. They made everyone afraid of these beautiful simple animals that harmed nobody and of course never would unless attacked and even then apart from breathing a little fire and looking terribly fierce they were an easy target for the Knights who even perfected a way of killing them.
“How did they do that? She asked.
“They would wait until a Dragon moved to close to a cliff face, then they would ride up trapping it between the cliff and themselves. They knew that a Dragon had to run for a short distance to be able to take off and fly, due to its small wings, but it was now trapped and at the mercy of the so called gallant knight. That’s why the Wizards hid what was left of the Chinese and Japanese dragons and of course, those that were left in other countries. Some were even turned to stone by Wizards so that they could be changed back by other Wizards when the people no longer feared them. Now there’s none left in the world, or so I believed until now.” Alice shivered.
“That’s horrible, men go around killing everything,” she said this almost to herself. They were now outside the main gates so he put his cape around her, the next moment they were in the alleyway just down the road from the workhouse.
“I’d best come in with you, I owe the old Witch as you call her some monies.” 
They entered up the steps and through the main doors. Then it was down corridors left and right, down stairs and more stairs until they reached the dark damp and miserable basement. Wizzo had produced a glowing ball from inside his cloak and now held it in his hand to light the way for them. A few of the rooms they were passing were occupied; they were all asleep and huddled together for warmth, twenty to a small room as far as he could make out. There were slop buckets in the hallway outside the rooms, most of these had no lids on them so the air down there was more putrid than the fog outside on a real heavy day.  They entered the last room at the end of the corridor; the children were all sleeping on the floor.
“They wouldn’t give them any beds, can’t work so no beds they said, but I managed to get some oil skin coats to go under the poor little darlins, that ways at least they stay dry most of the time.” he was horrified by what he saw.
“Dear me, what’s to become of them Alice?” she didn’t answer him.
“Tommy are you awake;” she called out softly.
“Is that you Alice?” a small voice answered. 
“Yes it’s me, how's everybody doing, are you all well?” Tommy sat up. 
“Blimey Alice I thought you was gone, we all did, little Colin’s been crying for you, e as.”
“O dear” said Wizzo holding the glowing orb up in the air so that he could see everything.
“Who’s the gent Alice?”
“He’s a friend Tommy.”
“Is that you Alice another small voice called out?”
“Shush Brian you’ll wake um all up,” said Tommy, it seemed that Tommy looked after the little ones when Alice was either working or couldn’t get there for one reason or another.
“We got a new one we ave Alice, e’s in ere wiv me. E’s got to ave is own bed e has, he keeps pissing in mine, that’s why I got im turned round that way, the little bugger was pissing up me back he was,” he stopped talking the glowing orb had got his attention.
“What’s that ya got in ya and mister, that glowing fing?”
“It’s a glowing orb Tommy,” said Wizzo
“Aint never seen one o them before, wared ya get it” said Tommy getting out of his bed and coming over to stare at the glowing orb in Wizzo’s hand. He inspected it closely, from this side, from that side, on the top and the bottom, his eyes big round and wide, “Can we ave one, its real dark down ere?”
“How would it be if I gave you a large box of great--big--candles, would that do Tommy?”
“Cor! We aint never add no candles mister, and we’d have to keepum hidden, the old Witch’ll be after them she would.” Alice was standing there smiling at this conversation. Wizzo produced candle after candle from inside his cloak.
‘Cor!” Said Tommy in amazement and at the same time holding out his arms to collect them all, his wide young eyes were following every movement of Wizzo’s hand. When his arms were full Wizzo stopped.
“There you go young fellow that should keep you going for some time.”
“Cor!” Was all Tommy could say? Producing candles as Wizzo was now doing was easy for him as long as he had a store of them to transfer from one place to another, being a Wizard had its advantages.
“You’ll have to find a safe place to hide them Tommy” Alice said, Tommy was looking round he then with his foot and lifted the oilskin coat up that was under his bed.
“If I put’um under er, they won’t come to no arm will they?” He turned and looked at Wizzo to confirm his idea.
“An excellent hiding place Tommy, I doubt if anybody would ever think of looking there.” Tommy went round and instructed one boy from each bed to take four candles and put them under and out of sight at the top of their beds. After this was done, and with Tommy making sure that not a candle could be seen anywhere, he came back, and stood as if waiting for further instructions.
Wizzo studied the young lad, he had brown hair that hung down to his shoulders, a pleasant honest face and large bright brown eyes and his aura was quite magnificent.
“Want an apple Tommy;” Tommy’s eyes grew even larger, especially when a large red rosy apple came out from inside Wizzo’s cloak.
“C---o—r!” his hand reaching out almost hesitantly not really believing what he was seeing, his eyes going up to Wizzo’s as if waiting for permission to take the wonderful gift.
“Take it Tommy it’s yours!” Tommy’s small hands took hold of the large apple; he stood there for some time just looking at his prize.
“Do I ave to share it wi’ve all them ov’ers mister?”
“No Tommy, I’ve got some more here for them.” In saying that Wizzo pulled apple after apple out from beneath his cloak and went round putting one at the foot of each bed and two or three on those where he could see more little tired but hungry heads emerging, now being woken by the shear mention of food. As Tommy was almost reluctantly forced back into his bed because it was so cold a little frightened fuzzy head popped up and whispered something into his ear.
“That’s are Alice, and that’s a gent, e just give us these apples” said Tommy as he reached down and retrieved another apple from the bottom of the bed and passed it to the little fellow. 
“I dunno what e’s sayin, the big fellow said that e’s a Frenchy, whatever that is,” said Tommy. Wizzo was almost overcome by the look on the child’s face. He could be no more than five years old. He had a mop of light brown curly hair; his face if it hadn’t been so thin would have resembled the face of an angel. Tommy jerked his thumb in the direction of the small boy who was now sitting up and trying to hide behind him.
“E’s burfdays in free days Alice, born on the stroke of midnight e was-----so the big fellow says, ya know the one Alice, e put our poor Sophie out e did.”
“Wizzo who had been munching on his own apple, almost choked over this news, in between his coughing and spluttering he was now studying the little lad more intently. The aura that surrounded him was as far as he could tell a strong white, tinged with soft reds and blues but Tommy being to close he couldn’t be too sure. 
“This gentleman’s looking after Sophie Tommy; we don’t need to worry about er no more.”
“C—o—r!” Said Tommy, this seemed to be his favorite word, “that’s where ya been Alice;” Alice looked with some concern at Wizzo.
“You all right Wizzo, gone down the wrong way has it,” she said vigorously slapping him on the back.
“You could say that Alice;” he replied with some difficulty and then having cleared his throat with the help of Alice he asked “has the young child a birth certificate?” Alice looked at him. 
“What child?”
“The little one, with Tommy, I would indeed be interested to see it, if one should exist ---- where would they keep such documents Alice?”
“In the office by them main doors we come in, there aint no notice on it mind you, they don’t like people to know where their hiding.” He handed Alice the glowing orb then went out into the dark hallway. 
The next moment he was standing outside the office that she had mentioned, he tapped the door with his staff and it opened for him. Once inside, he produced another glowing orb from under his cloak. 
There were boxes of papers everywhere, he know what he was looking for so he concentrated on the date and the time that would have to be written on the document. Holding the orb up high he made his way slowly around the room until the orb became brighter and started to vibrate, then a beam of light shot out from it and onto a box in the far corner, ah, there you are my little beauty. He held out his left hand and commanded whatever it was that the orb had found to come to him, a crumpled piece of paper came out of the box and floated towards him, finally settling in his outstretched hand. He smoothed it out and brought the orb closer to inspect it. 
Mothers name Michele Claudette Arondge, Fathers name not known, Place of birth, St Peters hospital, Name of child, James Harold Arondge, Born Twelve o’clock P.M. Seventh of February. Wizzo stood for some time looking at it, could this possibly be him, he had searched everywhere except in the hospitals, normally people who were destitute didn’t get to see a hospital bed. Folding the document up and putting it safely into his waistcoat pocket he closed the door and went back down to the basement. On entering he found that all the children were now awake sitting up in their beds and munching on their apples.
Tommy saw Wizzo coming back in and stood up.
“Ere’s the kind gentleman that brung ya them apples, ya best say thanks to him or e won’t bring ya no more;” there was a large chorus of thanks mister from a host of little voices. 
“It seems as though they’ve almost eaten all of their apples,” said Wizzo as he casually walked up and down the small isle between the beds. Then, raising his voice so that they could all hear. “Alice you know these young people better than I, would it be spoiling them if perhaps I gave them.” He paused for effect “just one more apple! Do you think they could possibly eat another;” every child in the room had stopped breathing and their eyes were now glued to Alice, “I mean, it surely must be somebody’s birthday!”
Tommy jumped up.
“It’s Arnold’s birthday in free days!”
“Is that his name Tommy?”
“Well e ain’t got no other;” Tommy’s head went down, and he now stood with his hands clasped in front of him. “Sorry mister.”
“That’s all right Tommy,” Wizzo went over and picked the little smelly fellow up. “So it’s your birthday is it;” he was studying the lad, mostly his aura, it was indeed white tinged with soft reds and blues.
“Do you know if his mother is still alive Tommy, did the big fellow say anything about that?”
“She ain’t wiv us no more, least that’s what e said.” Wizzo turned the lad around to look at his back, he then beckoned to Alice.
“Hold the orb closer Alice!” There was a birthmark on his lower back and when Alice put the orb next to it he could see what looked to him like a framed Dragon, “a little bit closer if you would Alice;” now he could make it out, it was a Dragon in flight framed by a pentagon, he was puzzled by it but whispered excitedly into Alice’s ear, “this one’s mine Alice, he belongs to me!”
“You can’t just take him Wizzo, they may be heartless, but they’ll know for sure they will!”
“I’ll go to the courts just up the road first thing in the morning and adopt this little lad;” he held him up in the air and then in a loud voice spoke in the language of old.
“To all those that have the knowing of it, he is found.” 
His name for the record is James Harold Aronge. I except the task of his training and shall teach him all that he shall need to know. This task I except gladly and willingly. So let it be known and let it be written in the great book for all time!” There was a tremendous roll of thunder that shook the whole building and then as it slowly faded away into the distance he said, “So it has been spoken and written, so shall it be done!”
Alice was as white as a ghost, Tommy was the only one of the children that he could see, the rest had dived under anything that would hide them, all he could see were trembling lumps in the beds, whereas little James was enjoying every minute of it.
“Coooor!” was all Tommy could say, standing there with his eyes wide and his mouth open.
“Sorry about that everybody” Wizzo said. He reached inside his cloak again “Now then another apple for each and every one. He gave James over to Alice and started pulling apples out from inside his cloak and throwing them to the children that were springing up from everywhere at the mention of more food. The last one he tossed in Tommy’s direction, it hit him in the chest and fell to the bed.
Wizzo went over, and kneeling down on his bed, he gently took hold of his hands and sat him down.
“I’m going to tell you a secret Tommy, a secret that you can’t tell to anybody no matter what, even if they torture you or offer you all kinds of things, such as sweets and roast beef with backed potatoes, can you keep a secret that well Tommy?” He waited for an answer, he received a nod of the lads head, Wizzo took from inside his cloak a small leather pouch with a leather thong attached to it, he tied it around Tommy’s neck and then cast a spell over the knot so that it wouldn’t come loose.
“Listen carefully to me Tommy. I'm a great Wizard, with a great Wizards powers, I see things and know of things that others do not know. This little pouch may not seem much to you at this time and what’s in it may seem even less, but as you have and will serve these children so I in your time of great trouble when it comes, and it will come, I will serve you. You will when that time comes simply hold it in your hand and call out the name ‘Wizzo! That is my name, but remember that it must only be used when you find yourself in very, grave danger and you can see no way out and your life depends upon the working of this magic that I give to you as your friend.” Tommy’s hands were now gripping the small leather pouch, “Keep it with you at all times and keep it safe, and tell nobody of this secret, this is between you and I Tommy;” Tommy nodded his head not really understanding the significance of what was happening. Wizzo got up then went over and took little James from Alice, “Are you staying here Alice or coming back with me?”
“I think I’d better stay if you don’t mind Wizzo, too much has happened here tonight; I’ll stay and tell them a nice Fairy story.”
“In that case I’ll see you in the morning Alice;” he tucked James under his cloak and walked out of the door into the dark hallway, in a short time he was back at the Cottage. 
He found Sophie tucked up in bed fast asleep, taking James across the room he placed him next to the sleeping Pee Wee making sure that they were both tucked up snug and warm.
“Good night James, sleep well,” he whispered in French.

CHAPTER 13

The child inside Sophie was kicking, it was as usual making sure that she didn’t sleep in even though it was still dark outside, she dressed herself then went down stairs not realizing that there was a new addition to their little family. She washed then helped herself to a good bowl of Wizzo’s gruel and at the same time mixed some of the potion in with it. She sat down in her now lonely chair and wondered just how long it would be before Athermine could came back to see her, other Fairies came in from the garden to see her, but her thoughts still turned to Athermine. 
Peewee was the next to come down. He went up to Sophie and put his hand on her lump to feel if it was still there, he scratched his head as if mystified and thinking that she would know asked her who it was that was in his cot, Sophie laughed. 
“Wake up Pee Wee there’s nobody ell’s in your cot! You must have been dreaming.”
“I don’t think so Sophie. If you still have your lump then I’ve been sleeping with somebody or something that has a curly mop of brown hair,” Peewee gripped his nose, “and smells of you know what, ‘come,’ see for yourself.” Sophie who by then had finished her breakfast, and now with some difficulty she eased herself out of the chair, then followed the scrambling Pee Wee up the stairs and into the bedroom.
“There I told you!” he said pointing to the cot, Sophie tiptoed over and stood there looking down at the mop of brown curly hair.
“Who is he?” she asked.
“I don’t know!” He said as he climbed up the side to look through the bars.
“Wake him up Sophie and ask him his name.”
“We’d best wait and see Wizzo Pee Wee, e’ll be up soon, then we’ll know.”
“Can’t we wake him up? I want to play with him; he is old enough for me to play with, isn’t he?”
“I would think so Peewee, he must be about four or five years old by the look of him, Wizzo might have brung him here for you,” Pee Wee put his foot though the bars on the cot and gave James a nudge.
“Wake up curly it’s time to play!” James opened his sleepy eyes and lay there looking into Peewee’s small face pressed up against the bars of the cot.
“He’s awake Sophie, what’s your name curly, do you want to play?” James sat up and rubbed the sleep from his big brown eyes then looked at each of them in turn, Sophie leaned over and tried to lift him out but she was not yet strong enough.
“I can’t lift him Pee Wee he’ll have to climb out,” Sophie finally caught a whiff of the boy.
“PHEW! DON’T E PONG!” she said holding her nose; they could now hear sounds coming from Wizzo’s room.
“Wizzo’s getting up, he’ll lift him out for us Pee Wee, then we can put him in the tub and give him a good scrubbing, --- look, he’s smiling at us.”
“What’s ya name little fella?” Pee Wee asked. Wizzo, who had heard the conversation going on in the next room, had dressed hurriedly and now came in.
“Ah, I see that you three are getting acquainted;” he went over and lifted James out of the cot.
“This is James, a smelly little fellow isn’t he, but not for long my friends, not for long. James this is Sophie and Pee Wee,” James obviously liked what he saw, he had the biggest smile on his dirty little face and couldn’t take his eyes off Peewee. “Down to the tub I think and the sooner the better, come on everybody;” Wizzo stopped, “Come on Pee Wee” he said picking him up having nearly forgotten him.
“I can get down the stairs on my own you don’t have to carry me everywhere.”
“That’s all right Peewee --- it smells as if he’s done the same to you as he did to Tommy, I think that you both need to go in the tub, and those clothes need a good washing.”
“Who’s Tommy Wizzo?” asked Peewee
He’s been looking after all the very young children down at the workhouse while Alice has been with us, nice young lad, sensible to, I think that I might have to find him something to do. I’m sure there must be some work around here for him, even if it’s just cutting of the dead branches from the oak trees. Umm, he might yet be too young for that.” He waited at the bottom of the stairs for Sophie to come down, she had one hand on the banisters steadying herself the other hand supporting the weight of her now rapidly growing lump. 
“Only two days to go Sophie;” said Wizzo as he waited for her, she had stopped half way and was now resting and looking a little pale.
“Stay where you are Sophie I’ll come and get you;” he put the two little ones down. Going back up and then putting his arm around her they floated down the stairs, he took her in and put her gently into her chair, Pee Wee followed them holding Curlies hand as he now preferred to call him.
“Now I really have to go and get Alice, she felt the need to stay behind to tell the children a story, and I also have to get the adoption papers sorted out for James. If I get the tub down and put some warm water into it can you look after James Pee Wee, and see if you can’t train him to use the pot.”
“That’ll be the first thing I’ll teach him!” Pee Wee held his nose, “phew, he’s a little stinker all right.”
“Will you be all right while I’m gone Sophie, this could take a little while?” 
“You go and fetch Alice, I’ll be alright.”  
“Peewee, if Sophie has any problems, go out and see Elthra, she’ll get a message to me.”
“All right Wizzo” he replied. Wizzo turned to Sophie, and with some concern asked her again if she would be all right.
“I’m all right, you go and get Alice, the Fairies and Pee Wee will look after me.” He went into the scullery and lifted down the bathtub and half filled it with warm water, having done that he said goodbye to them all.
Going out into the garden he found Hardhead and Grinith digging away in the hard winter soil. The rising sun was trying to warm the cold morning air. He wished the two Gnomes a good day, which received a polite reply and then a rapid return to their work.
He left the forest and soon found himself standing in front of the courthouse. On entering he looked around and then seeing a door with gold embossed writing on it he went straight to it, the inscription read Justice F A MEANY. Wizzo knocked politely on the door.
“Come in!” a pleasant voice called out.” On entering he was confronted by a large oak desk with a slim lady sitting behind it. The glowing white aura that surrounded her was tinged softly with all the colors of the rainbow, her dark brown hair flowing down past her waist was taken in and fastened at the back with a wooden comb fashioned from ebony, her dark brown intelligent eyes searched his face.
“How can we help you Sir;” she said in a pleasant way.
“I wish to adopt this young child, and I understand that it can be accomplished here Madam?” He handed the birth certificate to her. After she had studied both him and the certificate for some time, Wizzo by reading her thoughts knew that the workhouse had reported the lad missing; this was a most unexpected turn of events. Her manner became stern, the kindness that he had been given when he entered was now gone. 
“What is your name Sir, and where is the child?”
“My name is Mr. Burn Bright and the child is with me. He was at the Algate Workhouse, he was admitted there two days ago and I wish to adopt him if that is at all possible” Wizzo by this time had a large smile on his face and could see that he was having some success so he continued.
“From what I can gather his mother has passed on and as you see there is no record of a father.”
“The birth certificate seems to be in order Mr. Burn Bright and if I’m not mistaken it was from this office that an order was issued to place this child under the protection of that establishment. You say that you now have him, may I ask why and what gave you the right to remove this child?”
“I must confess to you good lady that I took him out of that establishment late last night after seeing the conditions under which he was expected to survive. I realize that it is difficult for those good people who run such places and who have so many lost souls to take care of to be mindful of just one. He could see that she being a good and god fearing woman understood, but still she gave him a surprised but stern look. 
“I find that difficult to believe that the children are living in poor conditions, I myself by the laws provided for such establishments inspect the premises yearly. I have to admit to you that I don’t like sending very young children there, but they seem to survive well enough or so I’m led to believe,” she changed the subject. I have by law and for my own peace of mind to ask you something of a personal nature Mr. Burn Bright.” 
“Ask what you may Madam.”
“You seem to be somewhat of a Gentleman but I must ask you, have you the means to support and take care of this young child?” she said this with raised eye brows.   
“Indeed I have madam, Mrs. Alice Birch who is a resident at that establishment I have no doubt she will vouch for me.”
“You know Alice?” she said with some surprise.
“Indeed I do Madam. I paid that establishment a handsome sum to release her so that she could look after Sophie who is about to give birth to her first child. When I happened to come by Alice was doing her utmost on the front steps of that miserable place to look after her, so yes madam I know her well, a very caring lady indeed.”
“So it was you that they found to look after that poor woman, I did hear something about that.”
“Did they say that they had ‘found me Madam?” Wizzo asked with some surprise.
“Indeed they did;” she said looking at him questionably.
“They threw her out in the dead of night; in the freezing cold; hoping that she would die some other place so they wouldn't ave to pay for the paupers funeral. If it hadn’t been for Alice taking care of her through the night, she would have perished even before I could get there. I had to employ extraordinary means to keep her from expiring, it is indeed a good thing that I am somewhat of a surgeon and know far more than most about the human form. Alice will tell you that Sophie is now doing well and we expect that she and the child will survive the experience.”
“As far as Sophie and her child are concerned, might I ask what your future intentions are Sir?” I might also add that it is probably none of my business.
“I understand your concern Madam, and I promise you that I have only their best interests at heart, I simply wish to take care of them to the best of my ability, and I might also add that I am not without the means to do so.” 
Heather found this man to her liking. She could see bits of hair from his very ample beard pocking out between the buttons of his bulging waistcoat, this intrigued her somewhat, also the large talisman that she could see hanging from his neck that he in his haste that morning had forgotten to tuck inside. It contained a five-pointed star in the center and around that she could make out the signs of the zodiac. Wizzo realized what she was looking at and did nothing to hide it.
“You seem to have taken upon yourself somewhat of a task Mr. Burn Bright, is there a Mrs. Burn Bright?”
“No madam, I have been unfortunate in that regard.” 
“My husband is the Chief Justice Mr. Burn Bright I will see to it that the adoption is administered immediately, it’s the least I can do for this young child under the circumstances.”
“I sincerely thank you Madam.” While he had been talking to her he had noticed the fact that his smile had some effect but not much on this good woman, he pushed the thought aside. “Would it speed things up if I were to go and bring Alice here so that you may satisfy yourself as to the truth of what I say, it would only take but a minuet?”
“It is not necessary Sir” she said opening a side draw and taking out a document. “I have the appropriate forms here and they will be completed as soon as you give me your address Mr. Burn Bright.” Wizzo looked surprised and answered hurriedly.
“Oakwood Cottage. Burbery Hill. Oakdale. KENT madam.” She wrote it down.
It sounds as though you live in an Oak Forest Mr. Burn Bright?”
“Two Oak forests Madam, and as far as I’m concerned the ship builders of England can look elsewhere for their timber for they will never get my beautiful oak trees.” As she worked diligently, a fleeting smile crossed her face because of his last statement. When the document was finished she dusted of her extremely good penmanship with a dash of powder, shook the document and officially stamped it.
“There you are Mr. Burn Bright, he is yours and I wish you well. I will send a clerk with a letter telling them of my decision in this matter.”
“Thank you Madam.” Wizzo took the documents and then folding them neatly he tucked them inside his waistcoat, Heather in the meantime had filled out and recorded the transaction.
“I bid you a good day Madam;” he turned and was just about to open the door to leave, when she spoke again.
“I believe Sir that you know more about lotions and potions and the nature of things than most would, am I correct?” He turned and looked at her, now knowing that what he had felt before about this kindly woman was indeed correct.
“You would indeed be correct Madam.”
“Am I correct then in thinking that you are some kind of Wizard Sir, perhaps of some standing?”
“Have you an interest in Wizards Madam or are you simply being inquisitive? And I mean no offence by the comment.”
“The women in my family have lived as one with nature for generations Sir. By reading their script, which I might add goes back for two thousand years or more and as far as I can ascertain none of them as far as I know has ever been in contact with a Wizard. Wizards it seems are hard to find and mostly as far as I can understand live a solitary life in their search of knowledge and wisdom. So you can see Sir why I find your interests rather conflicting.” Wizzo stood there listening not only to her words but also to her thoughts.
“You wish to visit Sophie and the child Madam to satisfy yourself that all is as it should be, that is your duty is it not as you see it?”
“I am intruding in your life Sir and I apologize, it is that my curiosity has got the better of me.” Wizzo was only interested in the script that she possessed; he would of course not take these precious documents from her, he only wished to see them. He was getting the feeling that some of the script she had was in a language that she or for that matter nobody else understood. 
“I’m getting the feeling Heather, if I may call you that;” she didn’t seem surprised that he knew her name, “it is in my mind, that some of the script is so old that it is in a language you don’t understand. If this is the case, the documents that you have in your possession are far older than you think. In fact I would go as far as to say that they would be over four thousand years old and written in the ancient language Sir. And now Heather my curiosity has got the better of me.” 
She sighed. “I have taken it to professors and to so called experts but none seem to be able to translate it. --- Some asked me to leave it with them and others offered us a great deal of monies for them, we have even had some who tried to steal them or were reluctant to give them back, so now I keep them hidden in a safe place.”
“First we must gain each other’s trust Heather, that is paramount, and I think the only way we can do that is for you to come and see Sophie and little James for yourself. I don’t want you to bring along the manuscripts until you are satisfied that all is as it should be.”
“Are you familiar with this ancient written language Sir?” She asked.
“Indeed I am Heather, I understand it well, I was weaned on it, any man who professes to be a Wizard and does not understand the written word of the ancients is not a true Wizard, he is only one that wishes that he could be.” It was as if they had been waiting for him to make this statement, ghosts began to appear around her. They were all women and as each one appeared she would reach out and touch Heather with their right hand, each time this happened it would send a shiver through her, he counted seven in all.
“Your ancestors have come to see you Heather, there are seven of them around you, all ladies! I find that a little unusual.”
“I feel that they’re telling me to trust you, ---- ‘Wizzo’ is that the name you are known by?”
“It’s a name that Sophie has given me and one that everybody now seems to accept, even those that have the knowing of all things,” he realized that he might have said more than he should have done”
“You speak to those that have the knowing of all things?” She said this with excitement rising inside of her.
“I have that honor Heather.”
“Would it be amiss of me Sir if I were to ask of you a most important question concerning myself?”
“You may ask Heather but whether or not I am able to give you an answer that remains to be seen, as you must know we are all bound by certain rules regarding these things.” She was getting even more excited, so much so that it just rushed out of her.
“Will I ever have children? Please tell me if you can Sir, I beg of you, there were now tears in her eyes.” Wizzo was puzzled and showed it.
“Did your ancestors not tell you Heather?”
She sadly shook her head and at the same time said.
“I can only see vague shapes, and sometimes in my mind I seem to hear what they say.”
“Did you not make a wish Heather?”
“I’ve asked them and they just smile back at me, are they by chance telling you?” she looked around at the shadowy figures. He shook his head, 
“It seems that they think this way of life that you live is leading you away from what they consider to be your true path, and that you don’t immerse yourself as you should be doing in the true nature of all things. As I understand it, what is happening to you is that you’re slowly growing apart from your sisters. Now I will ask you again Heather, did you make a wish?” He put more emphasis into what he was saying.
“What have wishes to do with it?” she asked.
“Is your whole life not ruled by nature, do you not place yourself in its most capable hands and believe in the force of it?”
“I try, I really do!”
“Then Heather, the rules are simple, make a wish, and make it not for yourself,” she sat there looking at him, he raised his hands and nodded his head trying to encourage her.
“I’m too old now!” she said with tears starting to run down her still young looking face. The silver topped cane that he always carried changed into his staff, she saw this and looking a little startled she jerked back in her chair, her hands going up to her face. Wizzo felt that he needed to be a little more forceful. 
“What can I say, what can I do to convince you. Shall I stand on my head, do you wish me to disappear in a puff of smoke, shall I bring you a Fairy to sit on the end of your noise, or perhaps bring you a gnome!” wiping her eyes with the back of her hand she managed to smile.
“I wish that I could bear a child for my loving husband;” she was now looking at Wizzo wondering if she had said the right thing and waiting for some sign of approval from him.
Wizzo through his hands up in the air, “At last we have an unselfish wish," and then he added, “Well almost!” Just then one of the ghostly ladies leaned forward and placed her hand on Heather’s stomach and then looking up at Wizzo beckoned to him.
“I think the one that was your mother wants me to place my hand on your stomach Heather; she also wants you to remove, Wizzo fumbled for the right words, your overly tight corset; do you get that impression?” Blushing she got up from her chair and came around to his side of the desk.
“Will you do it?” she asked, as if doubting that anything would come of it. 
“You’ll have to remove your corset;” now he was blushing but he continued on regardless, there’s a lady waiting in the vestibule perhaps she could help you remove it.
“I couldn’t ask her to do such a thing; it’s unthinkable;” Wizzo scratched his head.
“I could quite simply remove it;” he said expecting her to understand his meaning. But now she was even more shocked by this last suggestion.
“Lay your hands on me Sir, have you taken leave of your senses!”
“I meant not to lay my hands on you Heather, and I do apologies for the misunderstanding. I would simply banish it to somewhere else. I wouldn’t need to touch your person except with my staff of course.” 
“Oh! You can do that?”
“I can send things from one place to another;” he then thought for a moment and wondered if all her clothing would vanish in the process, so he changed his mind and reverted back to his first suggestion. 
“Perhaps it would be best if the lady outside could help you, surely it would only take a minute.” Heather stood there not knowing quite what to do.
“You’ll have to leave and wait outside Mr. Burn Bright and I’ll ask the lady if she will help me, it seems to me that you are hesitant about using your skills to perform such a task?”
“Something may go wrong Heather and then we would both be very! Very! Embarrassed!” She was shocked by the thought of what might have happened.
“Wait outside if you would and I’ll see if the lady in question will help me, although I must say that asking a complete stranger to help me too remove my garments is not something I would normally do. I just hope that the honorable Judge doesn’t need my assistance for anything. Dear me whatever would he think, but then I suppose in a way it’s for him that I’m doing this.” She now seemed to be resigned to the task at hand.
“I’ll take my leave and wait outside Heather.”
“Thank you Mr. Burn Bright” she said as she followed him out and went over to the poorly dressed lady who politely stood up as she was approached. Heather leaned close to her and whispered something in her ear; the lady followed her back into the office and the door closed behind them.
It wasn’t too long before the door reopened and the lady looking almost relieved quickly made her way back to her seat. Heather discreetly beckoned to him from inside the office. Wizzo at that time realized that he must have looked rather strange; he had forgotten to change his staff back into his silver topped walking stick, so on entering he quickly closed the door behind him. She was now standing there waiting for him to do whatever he had been instructed to do by her Mother.
Wizzo went right up to her and placed his hand in the same spot as he had been shown, it was a great relief when he felt his hand getting warm; he waited a short while for the warmth to go away before he removed it.
“It is done and I have to say that you are not too old to bear children Heather, but I must warn you, you will only bring forth girls, “lots’ of them.
“Lots of them! Mr. Burn Bright”
“What did you expect, they all want to come back and you are the only one left of true decent, so they can only come back through you, there is no other way for them. He looked passed her at the ghostly figures “see how they dance;” they both remained still as they watched the figures swirl and dance around them. “They have waited a long time for this moment Heather, it is there time for coming together, don’t be surprised if you have twins or triplets.” She leaned forward, then taking his face in her hands kissed him tenderly first on one cheek and then on the other. He found himself becoming embarrassed and knowing that everything had been done he was now looking for a quick way out of there. 
“Dear lady I must leave you now and take Alice back to look after Sophie, but I will return, our business is as yet not completed!” he wrapped his cloak around himself and was gone.

CHAPTER 14

Now finding himself inside the workhouse, he stilled his mind and searched for Alice, to his surprise he found her sitting outside on the front steps, he made his way there and called out her name as he approached her, she turned and looked up at him with eyes that were red from crying.
“Now what have they done?” He said.
“They chucked me out they did, cause of little James not bein’ere, I tried to explain, but they don’t listen to the likes of me:” he sighed and sat down beside her.
“Do you really want to stay here Alice, I mean, wouldn’t you rather live with us?”
“Cause I would, but me little ones, what would appen to um?”
“Well now let me see, we could come back here say every two weeks --- in the evenings just to see if they’re alright. You can tell them a story and while you’re doing that I can hand out apples and such things to them, what do you think of that idea?”
“We couldn’t leave um no longer, funny things appen in them places they do, specially to little ones!” He could feel her concern; it made him shiver with the thought of what might happen to them for he knew what was going through her mind.
“I’ve got the adoption papers all fixed up for James, I just have to go into the office a moment,” he placed a comforting hand on her shoulder, “Everything will be alright Alice.”
“Thanks Wizzo, ya are a dear.” 
The office was locked but he could hear someone inside, he asked the door politely to open and when it did so he walked in. A very large bald sweaty man with close-set piggy eyes sat behind a very large desk.
“What do ya want, you ain’t got no right to be in er, --- owed you get in any way!” The man had been in the process of counting a great deal of monies. Not taking any notice of him Wizzo produced the adoption papers from inside his waistcoat.
“These are the adoption papers concerning young James Harold Arondge, signed and sealed Sir.”
“E’s gone, we ain’t got him no more and the matters been reported” said the piggy eyed man.
“For your information Sir, I have him, and I might also add that Alice had nothing to do with the taking of the lad, that was my doing and mine alone. I have explained it all to the Chief Justices wife and she fully understands what happened. Now then, regarding the other matter. Seeing that you have seen fit to throw Alice out of this establishment, it would now seem that I no longer have to pay you for her services, so I bid you good day Sir.”
“Old on their mister, - who said we throwed er out!”
“I was under that impression Sir, so was she; Alice is out there sitting on the front steps as if you didn’t know it!”
“Somebody as to answer for this Sir, we don’t throw nobody out of ere” he said. He managing to free himself from the chair that his big backside being so large was firmly trapped in, then with some effort, and breathing heavily, he waddled past Wizzo and in doing so almost pushing him out of the way. Wizzo stepping quickly aside and followed him out to see Al
“There ya are Alice, who throwed ya out dear, I’ll skinum alive I will, we need ya er we do, --- why you just think of them little ones Alice!” she stood up and looked from one to the other.
“It’s up to you Alice, --- you’re quite welcome to come with me, and you can when Sophie has had her child return here if you wish, or stay with us on a permanent basis----we will after all be desperately in need of someone with your knowledge and understanding.” She could see that Wizzo was almost pleading with her, so standing up she said
“I’ll come with you then if that’s alright Sir?” she then with a sense of renewed pride smoothed out her skirts and did her utmost to tidy herself up. A look of relief passed noticeably over Wizzo’s face.
“It certainly is Alice;” he took Alice’s hand and placed it on his arm and then with a stern look on his face turned and addressed the now startled man. 
“As I understand it Sir, you are paid to look after the little ones, so Alice and I will return every two weeks to make sure that they are being well cared for, and you have my word on that!” Wizzo had raised his voice to make sure that he was fully understood. The man unable to make any reply stood there blubbering; Alice began tugging on Wizzo’s arm to get his attention.
“Yes Alice.” 
“They don’t pay them much Wizzo” she whispered in his ear.
“They pay them more than enough to take reasonable care of them Alice.” Wizzo turned back to the man. “Every two weeks Sir and we will report our findings directly to Mrs. Heather Meanie.” The man seemed to be taken aback by this so Wizzo thinking he had threatened the man sufficiently turned and with Alice firmly holding on to his arm they went on their way up the cobbled street. 
The clerk of the court hurried past them on his way to deliver the all-important message and on recognizing them he raised his hat and politely wished them a good day, Wizzo having acknowledged him guided Alice into an ally. Then wrapping his cloak around them both they were soon back at the Cottage.
Everyone had made a great fuss over James who didn’t smell quite so bad now, Wizzo decided that he would go and see Mrs. Bones about some warm clothing for them all, so after making sure that Sophie was alright he made his way out to the main gates. 
After they had closed behind him he waited and listened to see if Archie, Mary or Bethermere had need of him, he heard nothing and decided that all was well. Wrapping his cloak about himself he next found himself outside the establishment of Mr. Bones. 
Ongoing over to the large shed he found Mrs. Bones sorting through some clothing for a not very well attired young lady who was carrying a new born baby in her arms. She had but two pennies to spend and was determined to get the best possible garment for the princely sum. He waited out of sight and watched with interest as the young lady bargained with Mrs. Bones over an evening gown that seemed to Wizzo to be worth far more than the two pennies that was being offered. Mrs. Bones held the garment up arguing that she couldn’t possibly let it go for a mere two pennies, the young lady was putting on a great show and was almost in tears trying her best to persuade Mrs. Bones to part with it. He could tell that Mrs. Bones was starting to feel sorry for the girl and finely letting out a great sigh handed her the garment and took the two pennies. As she walked past with her prize she glanced up at him then looked away. 
“Good day young lady, it seems you have got yourself a bargain” said Wizzo. The look on her face as she glanced back at him was a sheer delight. Wizzo sighed, for in that moment he realized how much he had missed in his youth. It wasn’t that she loved him or even liked or knew him. It was the garment she loved, the warm suckling child safely held in her loving arms, her achievement at having secured for herself such a garment, her youth and her innocence. She had allowed him in that one moment to look freely into her womanly, giving, loving, unguarded soul, her young mind having not yet been taken from her by the harsh realities of the world. How loving she would be, giving herself to the one she chose for it was in her very nature to do so. He had never experienced that devotion from a woman nor thought that he ever would, he resigned himself to that fact, deciding that it would serve no purpose for him to feel sorry for himself and watched as the young girl flounced happily out of his sight. 
He stepped out into the view of Mrs. Bones who though a little startled at his sudden appearance was extremely pleased to see him.
“What can we do ya for Mr. Burn Bright, was everyfin to ya satisfaction?” she asked rubbing her hands together at the thought of another good sale.
“Indeed it was Madam;” he explained to her what it was he needed then asked if perhaps Mr. Bones was available.
“E’s out buyin more stuff; --- as if we ain’t got enough already” she said this whilst looking around and sighing.
“It’s his nature and his pleasure Madam, nothing in this world will stop him.”
“Ya tellin me Sir!” she said with her hands on her hips and a marked look of disapproval.
“You may know of the Work House at Algate?” he asked.
“I don’t like to fink of it Sir, but I no’s of the wretched place. They ave very young children there ---- and because of the little monies the government gives um to look after those poor unfortunate souls, they have to sleep in the dark, on straw mattresses on the cold stone floor. Little ones of no more than a year old, all huddled together to keep each other warm.” 
Mrs. Bones hands were now clasped together, the whites of her knuckles clearly showing. 
“For me to purchase the beds from you at this time would bring some considerable strain on my finances dear lady, but at the same time knowing and thinking about those poor unfortunate children,” she interrupted him.
“They ain't got no art they ain't Sir; an there’s you takin on maybe more than ya can andle.”
“I have embarrassed you Madam; I apologize for I had no idea of your situation.” Her face changed dramatically. 
“Ow would you know what my situation is,” she asked bluntly.
“I am an old man dear lady and can sometimes see what others do not. Please correct me if I am wrong, but I believe it to be the unfortunate case of you and Mr. Bones not being able to have children of your own?”
“Ya knows a lot ya do.” She was looking down at her clasped hands as she said this and then looking up at him with sadness reflected in her eyes she said. “But ya right, --- we ain’t ad no children, so I do what I can for them little ones at the workhouse, I sneak’ em clothes now and again, --- when e ain’t about! Wizzo knew that she was referring to Mr. Bones.
“You have my deepest sympathies dear lady, now then if you would be so kind as to get me this list of things, when I leave here I’ll see what I can do about raising the necessary funds for the much needed beds.” 
It didn’t take her long to sort out what he needed, capes, shawls, coats, scarves, both small and large. She then packed them all into pillow cases so that they would be easier for him to carry. He noticed while she was doing that she had started to limp and was having some difficulty remaining on her feet.
“I don’t want to seem impertinent Mrs. Bones, but is there something wrong with your legs?” she sat down on a nearby chair and then unembarrassed she unceremoniously pulled up her skirts and began rubbing her swollen legs.
“Sometime they hurt real bad they do, and NOW’s one of them times.”
“May I have a look?” and then to reassure her stated that he was somewhat of a surgeon. She hitched her skirts further up showing her bloomers and at the same time remarked.
“You can’t do no worse than them others I suppose. 
“He knelt down in front of her.”
“Dear me Madam if you don’t mind me saying, the weight of you has caused your legs to swell to some considerable size!” Wizzo showing some concern looked up at her.
“I lost a babe an got the milk fever. --- Ain’t got no babes and can’t ave none now.” Her eyes starting to grow moist, “nothing I’d like better than to old a babe in me arms, that’s why I went soft on that young girl that was ere, some days I can’t get about at all, --- Mr. Bones looks after me he does.” 
Wizzo hadn’t had anything to do with milk fever before. He would have to consult his books before he could do something about it and he didn’t want to give her false hopes by saying anything because he knew that not everything could be cured. Her ancestors that he could see around her said nothing to him, he looked at each one of them in turn and still they did and said nothing. He thought this a little strange; normally they would at least give him some indication of what they wanted him to do. He decided to take matters into his own hands.
“Can you stand up Mrs. Bones?” Helping her to her feet, he looked first at one side of her and then the other. The redness in her aura told him that the problem was in her right and left sides, more towards the back, kidney’s not working as they should do he thought, milk fever must affect them or maybe that was the problem in the first place.
“Can you move out a little way?” he said gently holding onto her arm. She managed two small shuffling paces, he placed his hands on the two troubled areas. He could feel the warmth coming to his hands, it took some time for the warmth to go away, he popped his head over her shoulder and asked. “How does that feel now?” She wobbled from side to side.
“What ya done?” she asked. He clapped his hands.
“I hope that I have cured you Madam, but only time will tell,” her ancestors still being around her were now smiling and thanking him. 
“How much time?” She asked hopefully.
“One or two weeks perhaps.”
“I got to go somewhere, I’m busting!” she ran off as best she could into a back room, Wizzo now with a smile on his face for he knew that her kidneys were now starting to work properly, he sat down on a box and waited for her to return. 
After a while she came back out and was about to say something to him but instead through her arms up in the air, turned, and rushed off back to the little room. Wizzo heard a cart coming into the yard, it was Mr. Bones returning, he went over to the barn door and on looking out shouted a greeting to him. 
“Good morning Mr. Bones; I’m afraid that your dear lady is indisposed at this present time and I need to settle up and be on my way.” Mr. Bones climbed down from the cart that was full to overflowing, he came into the barn and looked around.
“Where is she?” he asked.
“She’s alright, your good ladies in there;” said Wizzo pointing to the door that Mrs. Bones had limped back over to, Mr. Bones went over and pressed his ear to the door.
“You alright my little dumpling?”
“He’s done summit to me he as, --- I can’t stop running, I filled up half a bucket already!” Mr. Bones turned to Wizzo and placed his hands on his hips.
“What ya done to me misses?”
“It is my expressed hope Mr. Bones that I’ve affected a cure for your dear lady.”
“Cured er! What she ave then?”
Wizzo searched in his mind for an explanation that Mr. Bones would understand.
“Her water works Mr. Bones, your good lady had a blockage, she should be all right now if I’m not mistaken.” The door opened and Mrs. Bones came back out again smoothing her dress and trying to regain her composure.
“You will probably be affected in that way for at least two weeks or more Mrs. Bones but your weight should decrease rapidly, now then dear lady how much do I owe you for these garments?”
“Free shillings will do,” she said as she dashed off to sit on the bucket again, he took from his purse the three shillings and gave it to Mr. Bones.
“Thank you, as soon as I can get the necessary monies together for the beds I’ll come back, Mrs. Bones knows all about it.” He walked out carrying the pillowcases; as soon as he was outside the yard and rounding the corner it wasn’t long before he was back at the Cottage, he walked in and handed them the pillowcases.
“These should keep you all warm for the winter” he said. They weren’t listening to him, they had their heads in the pillowcases and were too busy sorting things out and trying everything on and being that they didn’t know what was for who they were coming up with some strange combinations, he sat down to enjoy the fun. 
In the end Sophie had a green velvet cloak that reached to the ground with a hood on it lined with pale green satin that matched her green eyes and red hair. She was unable to fasten it at the neck because the ribbon had been torn away, she didn’t mind it being too long and made the remark.
“It angs the same as yours does Wizzo;” turning round she made a great show of it. Alice had a beige long coat of pure wool and a bonnet to match, the coat had buttons missing from it even though she had found two spare ones sewn inside for such occasions, she was still short two buttons. Peewee was trying with some difficulty to fit some black breaches on to little James who couldn’t stop laughing and spoke for the first time and in French telling him to stop tickling him. Everything came to an abrupt stop except Peewee who thought that the lad was talking gibberish.
“He’s speaking in French to you Peewee” said Wizzo.
“French, what’s that?” Asked Peewee.
“E’s a Frenchy, ow about that then, we got a little Frenchy we ave,” exclaimed Sophie.
“He comes from another country Pee Wee, another land; it’s a short distance over the sea.” 
“I wondered why he didn’t seem to understand me,” said Peewee, who then carried on trying to fit the breaches on to James.  James had two pair of these as well as the jackets to go with them. Also two Irish linen shirts with fine lace on the cuffs and collars, four pair of white cotton stockings, two of which had small holes in them under the feet so could not be seen, Alice said that she could repair them. Peewee reluctantly gave up trying to dress James because he wouldn’t stay still so Alice took over the task. 
Peewee’s garments didn’t fit him at all, he being of an unusual size. He was making everybody laugh parading around in a jacket and breaches with a child’s fur coat draped over his shoulders, these were all four times too big for him, but he didn’t seem to mind, he especially loved the fur coat. 
Alice finished dressing James only to find out that he would have to do a lot of growing up to fit into the breaches and jackets, so it was unanimously decided by all that Alice would alter them, she being somewhat of a seamstress. Alice replied that until she had the right coloured cottons, needles and a goodly pair of scissors, she could do nothing for any of them, so all eyes were now focused on Wizzo.
“Do you know what you need Alice?” He asked, she made some study of the garments by going around and pulling at this and that.
“Do you need me to write a list out for you so that nothing is forgotten?”
“It’s alright.” she said going out to the scullery and returning with a sharp knife, with this she collected small pieces of material and samples of buttons that would need to be replaced.
“I think I have everything Wizzo.” 
“There’s only one place in London that I knows of that’s got what we need, the haberdashery down the end on Commercial road in Algate as I remember, posh place it is, cost a pretty penny too.”
Some things he could conjure up, but not gold, he would be the richest man in the world if he could do that. Apples, fruit and such things just simply disappeared from off a tree somewhere that he knew of and reappeared inside his cloak or in his hand or where ever he wanted them, but gold or monies he couldn’t take that from others. He would have to sell something. Then again I can heal people, that must be of some considerable value to someone who has the means to pay and it wasn’t for himself that he would be doing it, it was for somebody else, so he assumed that it would be alright to charge for his services. Also he had found out of late something that he hadn’t realized before through his lack of contact with others, that there were many who would be in need of his kind of expertise. But where would he find someone that had the means to pay him, he was unconsciously standing there deep in thought stroking his beard. The places to look would be in the many large Manors scattered about the countryside, he looked around at all the expectant faces.
“I’ll be back as soon as I can;” he didn’t want to make them all feel embarrassed because of his lack of funds so he gave no explanation as to what he was doing or where he was going. He just wrapped his cloak around himself and as soon as he was outside the safety of the shields he floated up and went looking around the countryside. 
 
 CHAPTER 15

 Floating high above the ground, and after travelling some distances, he found himself hovering over a very large Manor that was completely surrounded by magnificent gardens. 
A great walkway ran down the middle flanked by statues of all descriptions with ornate fountains magnificent in their construction spaced at intervals down the center. 
He made himself invisible then went inside the Manor to investigate the possibilities. 
It wasn’t long before he found himself in a large drawing room, this was occupied by an elderly man and woman seated in carved brocade covered chairs. There was also a young man of some distinction, the elderly gentleman sat with his left foot resting on a cushion that had been placed on a stool. A glass half full and a decanter of portage rested on a small but elegantly carved table beside the old gentleman, too much portage thought Wizzo smiling to himself, if I’m not mistaken the old gentleman has gout. Wizzo thought for a moment and next he found himself visible and standing outside the doors of the main entrance. 
He pulled the bell cord and waited. It wasn’t long before he heard footsteps, both doors opened and there stood a tall butler in full livery who’s critical eyes looked him up and down and then their eyes locked together, the man wasn’t used to seeing someone that he didn’t know wanting entry to his domain.
“May I enquire as to the manner of your business Siiiir?”
Wizzo smiled at him.
“Indeed you may my good man. Correct me if I'm wrong. But it is my understanding that the elderly Lord Bathmore suffers considerably from gout. Would this be correct? I wish to offer my services to his Lordship regarding his extremely painful circumstances.”
“His Lordships surgeon has the matter well in hand Siiiir so I bid you a good day!” The butler was now trying to close the doors in Wizzo’s face, only to find that for some reason they wouldn’t close.
“Might I ask my good fellow, has a cure been affected for his Lordship by his most efficient surgeon, or does his Lordship still suffer from that seemingly incurable affliction?” Wizzo decided that the best way to deal with this man who understood only authority was with authority. “Well my good man is he cured or not?” the sides of the butlers mouth went down, he looked at Wizzo as though he was some kind of obnoxious slimy toad, but having been in service as a butler for most of his life he felt obliged to answer.
“He is not Siiiir!”
“Then will you inform his Lordship that a cure is available. And that if I fail to cure him in a short space of time or fail to cure him at all there will be no charge for my services regarding this matter.” The butler looked at him with some surprise and decided that he’d better convey the message to his master.
“I will conveyyyy your wooords to him Siiiir.”
“I thank you,” said Wizzo. The butler then found that he could close the doors and did so. 
After a while the doors were opened by the young man that Wizzo had seen before, the butler now standing just to the rear of him and to his left, he presented himself as Lord Bathmores grandson. Wizzo noted that he was a stern young fellow with an authoritative sharpness about him, in fact everything about him was clean cut and nothing was out of place at all in his elegant appearance.
“What is your business Sir, --- are you some kind of quack, as I understand it there is no known cure for gout Sir!”
“If I may be so bold as to inform you Sir that there are two cures for gout. One is to stop drinking so much portage for that is the reason by which one is afflicted, the other is a cure that I possess and the benefits of it can be felt immediately,” replied Wizzo.
“Immediately Sir!” The young man answered looking at Wizzo with extreme doubt.
“Immediately Sir, and as I have said to your good man, there will be no charge what so ever if I do not succeed. I see that you are concerned that some kind of surgery will be required, I can assure you Sir, that no surgery, lotions, potions or quackery will be involved in the healing process of your Grandfather.”
“What do you intend to do then Sir, surely something of the kind must be involved?”
“Nothing of the kind, tell me Sir have you in your Lord Ships employment somebody that suffers from the same ailment?” the young man turned to the Butler.
“Have we such a person Henry?”
“Indeeeeeed we have, Parker I beliiiieve suffers from the same aiiiilment, he’ssss one of the down staiiiirs personnel Siiiir.”
“If you lead the way Henry we will follow;” he turned to Wizzo “this way Sir;” with the two of them in front of him Wizzo floated unnoticed along behind.
“How far is it Henry?”
“Some way Siiiir, if you wiiiish I will escort thiiiis gentleman down to see Parker, then return to you and report on the ooooutcome Siiiir?”
“No I think I would like to see this for myself, lead on Henry”
“Yes Siiiir.” 
Sometime later, after navigating down many stairs and along corridors, they arrived at Parker’s work place who as soon as he heard approaching footsteps took his foot down from where it had been painfully resting and made himself look extremely busy by vigorously polishing his Lordships boots. The butler stopped and looked into the small room then turned to the young gentleman.
“Parker Siiiir!”
“Ah Mr. Parker,” said the young gentleman. 
Wizzo didn’t fail to notice that this young gentleman although arrogant to some degree treated the staff with respect because when Parker attempted to stand up but almost fell back onto his stool the young man seemed quite put out by this and said.
“Sit down, there’s a good chap;” Parker was now looking with concern from one to the other.
“I do me best Sir, honest I do;” the young Lord looked puzzled. 
“Ah, your work Parker, excellent my good fellow excellent, but what we are here to see about is your gout, I understand that you do suffer from gout, do you not Parker?”
“I do that Sir, same as the master, something terrible.”
“This gentleman has led us to believe that he can cure such an ailment, what do you think of that Parker?”
“Cure me gout Sir, ha, I’d like to see Im try.”
“Then try he will Parker, with your permission of course?”
Parker put his leg back on the stool, the young Lord on seeing the condition of the leg unconsciously stepped back, this reaction causing him to stand on the toes of the butler, who stood firm and said not a word.
“Sorry Henry, did I inadvertently stand on your toes?” Henry doing his best to hide his discomfort replied.
“It waaaas an honor Siiiir.”
“Thank you Henry;” the young lord turned his attention back to Parker.
“That doesn’t look good at all Parker?” --- in fact it seems somewhat worse than Grandfathers.” Wizzo who was standing behind the young lord and the butler couldn’t see Parker’s leg so he asked.
“Stand aside gentlemen; let me have a look at it.” The young lord and Henry who had been intent on their inspection of Parker’s leg both stepped aside. There was only a candle to light the room, so without thinking Wizzo reached inside his cloak and out came his hand with a glowing orb in it. The two behind him couldn’t see but Parker who had been bending forward so as to see what was going on regarding his painful leg now sat bolt upright, Wizzo realizing what he had done and quickly explained.
“New invention my good fellow,” he then proceeded to examine the leg as if nothing was amiss. It was purple and extremely swollen; Wizzo put the orb back into his cloak and put his hands on Parker’s painful swollen leg. He felt his hands getting quite hot, a lot more than the usual warmth. He ran his heated hands up and down the leg and watched as the swelling slowly went down. It took a little while and even after the swelling had gone his hands still remained warm for some time, he waited until it had all passed, then he stood up.
“There my friend, I must warn you though, if you keep on drinking too much of the portage there is every chance that your other leg will become infected.” Wizzo stepped aside. Parker was now bending over inspecting his own leg; he stood up, at first gingerly, but then feeling no pain, he jumped up and down.
“Bugger me!” he said looking up at Wizzo, “ow’d ya do that?”
“Sit down man, let’s have a look,” said the young Lord, Parker sat down and proudly displayed his leg, the young Lord poked and prodded it, he then turned to Wizzo.
“Indeed Sir, just how did you accomplish that?”
“I am a healer Sir. Normally I treat the poor and less fortunate and would charge no fee for using the gift that I have, but I have recently taken into my care three very young children and two ladies of good repute. Understandably my funds have become somewhat depleted, that being the reason for my presents here.
“What would your fee be for such a service to his lordship Sir?”
“To heal his lordship, --- I think twenty guineas Sir.” The young Lord stepped back as if in shock.
“Ti’s too much, far too much.”
“Then I apologize for my intrusion Sir and will be on my way!” Wizzo turned and started to walk back the way they had come.
“How dare you Sir!” the young Lord shouted after him, “it’s Lord Bathmore that we speak of. If the wretched poor get your treatment for nothing then it is you who should be paying his Lordship Sir.” Wizzo stopped and turned to face him.
“The price has just gone up to Twenty-five guineas Sir, and now perhaps you will allow me to be on my way and look for somebody who will be more appreciative of my services” the young lord run up and was now barring his way. 
“Stand aside Sir!” said Wizzo.
“You will tend to his Lordship, I demand it, or you will regret it Sir!” the arrogance in the young Lord now overflowed, Wizzo decided to teach this young man a lesson, so replied.
You are indeed full of your own arrogance young man, the grandson of a great Lord, I think not, so I bid you good day;” Wizzo wrapped his cloak around himself and vanished.
“Come back here, I demand it! --- Where did he go --- go after him man?” Henry and Parker didn’t move, Parker pulled on Henries sleeve and said just one word.
“Sorcerer” the young Lord didn’t hear him and was franticly looking up and down the corridor not knowing what to do, in the end he turned to Henry.
“Henry! Move yourself man, go after him!”
“He’ssss gone Siiiir!”
“What do you mean gone, --- don’t be foolish, --- he can’t just have gone, Henry looked at Parker and then back at the young lord.
“I don’t understand it Siiiir, --- Parker hassss some nooootion of it but he reeeeally has gone Siiiir.” The young lord was by now losing some of his confidence.
“He can’t just have gone can he Henry?” the young man’s hands were now clasped together, his eyes darting from one place to another searching desperately for an answer, almost pleading with his man servant for some plausible explanation. 
“Perhaps hiiis Looord Ship will know what to do Siiiir, he was iiin Innndia for some tiiiime and does talk about this ssssort of thiiiing, he sssure he wiiill know what to do Siiiir!” Unbeknown to them all Wizzo was still there, the young Lord nervously asked his man servants to follow him, Wizzo followed close behind them not really knowing what would happen next, in his present mood he cared even less. 
Led by the young lord they finally arrived at the sitting room. On entering the young lord being in a very nervous state fumbled for the right words and in the end wasn’t able to find any, his Lord Ship in his frustration asked Henry to explain.
“What seems to be the problem Henry and where’s that fellow who said he could get rid me of this dam gout?”
“There was some alteerecation between your Lord Ships graaaandson and the gentleman as to how much the coooost would be for the gentleman’s seeerevices Siiiir. It would appeeeear that the gentleman cured Mr. Parker of his gout, and then beccccause of the altercation, heeee simply disappeared Siiiir, and I mean diiiisappeared! Sir!” Lord Bathmore thought about this last statement and then said.
“Come closer Parker; let's have a look at your leg.” The old fellow moved back in his chair allowing Parker to put his foot in between his legs. After inspecting it he asked Parker to show him his other leg, after a close inspection he waved Parker away, “ummm! Am I to believe that in the first place he cured Parker, and then there was some altercation as to the cost of his services regarding myself Henry!”
“Thaata's correct Siiiir.”
“And will somebody tell me what these costs were?”
“It was at firrrrst twenty sovereigns Siiiir, then because master Richards arrrrgued with him, it went up to tweeeenty-five, it was theeeen that he bid us good day and disappearrrred Siiiir.”
“You mean that he left Henry, --- he went!”
“No Siiiir he simply diiiisappeared, --- puff! --- gone!” The old man sat and considered this for a while trying to remember his time in India. The elegant lady who was sitting across from him had been listening to every word, now asked.
“George?”
“Yes me dear!”
“If the gentleman was a sorcerer this could present some problems especially for Richard. It would be most unfortunate if he were to change poor Richard into a frog or something equally as nasty, I mean we can’t have Frogs leaping about all over the place now can we, but then again George if he was a Wizard, he may still be here. I do hope for Richards's sake that he is still here, please stop fidgeting and stand still Richard and apologies to the gentleman, there’s a good boy.” Richards was moving around the room, his eyes were scanning every inch of it and could only reply in a very nervous voice.
“But he’s not here Grandmamma “
“You doff he may be sitting on your blasted head for all we know,” said his Grandfather, who always paid attention to his wife regarding such things. “Apologize to him lad, we don’t know what we’re dealing with here.” Richard who by now was standing quite still, then with a trembling voice and with as much sincerity as he could muster, also feeling a little foolish about speaking to somebody who he thought wasn’t there said.
“I apologies to you Sir, most sincerely” A load voice filled the room.
“DON’T APOLOGIZE TO ME, YOU INTERFERING YOUNG JACKASS, APOLOGIZE TO YOUR GRANDFATHER FOR IT IS HE THAT I CAME TO SERVE NOT YOU!” Richard had gone as white as a sheet.
“Sorry Grandfather, I didn’t mean to interfere, I just thought,” the voice stopped him from saying any more.
“CEASE YOUR BABBLING CHILD, OR I JUST MIGHT DECIDE TO CHANGE YOU INTO A FROG.” At this moment Wizzo appeared. 
There were two sets of doors leading into the large sitting room, he had chosen the one furthest away and he now stood in front of them. The lady was the first to see him, she didn’t say anything, she just looked at her husband and pointed, all the heads swung quickly in his direction, Richard jaw dropped so far it was now almost resting on his chest.
“Sit down lad, I’ll not harm you,” Wizzo said to him, he then turned and smiled at the lady.
“You seem not surprised to see me Lady Bathmore but then it is in my mind that you are not unfamiliar with the magical side of life, and I being a Wizard of some standing meant to make my entrance seem so grand” she stood up and curtsied to him.
“We deem it a great honor Sir and bid you welcome and please forgive me for not being too surprised at your extremely grand entrance;” Wizzo bowed.
“If there were anything to forgive dear lady it would indeed be my pleasure to do so, it is a pity though that you are not gifted with your mothers hands, but there again you may well be and are not aware of it,” she now showed some surprised. 
“You knew my mother Sir?” she asked in a trembling voice.
“I was not aware of it until now dear lady but yes I had the honor of knowing your dear mother, how is it that you are here amongst this setting?”
“I fell in love with this wonderful man, Wizzo turned his attention to the old gentleman who was now looking somewhat mystified. 
“A gentleman indeed madam, now then Sir do you accept my terms;” Lord Bathmore looked at his wife, she smiling, nodded her head, his Lordship turned back to him.
“It seems we are agreed Sir, now what if anything do you wish me to do?” Wizzo went round to him, then kneeling on the floor he proceeded to unwrap the bandages that covered the thick useless poultice that the gentleman’s surgeon had applied. He was having some difficulty in wiping the gooey mess off, so he looked up at Henry.
“Warm water, soap, flannel and towels if you please Henry.”
“Yes Sir,” Henry left the room almost running and had forgotten to use his haughty voice that he so loved to use, it wasn’t long before he and a maid returned and between them they were carrying the much-needed items.
“The maaaaid will do that for you Siiiir if you wish,” said Henry now able to return to his former dignified self
“Thank you;” Wizzo stepped back allowing the young lady to first place his Lordships foot in the bowl and then gently wash the discolored swollen leg, when she was completely satisfied she arose elegantly.
“Will that be all Sir?”
“That will be fine Elsie, thank you,” said Wizzo, Elsie curtsied and left the room, by now some of the colour had come back into young Richards face but he still stood as if rooted to the floor. 
“Let's see to this leg of yours Sir.” Wizzo knelt down and began to run his hands gently over the swollen leg, as soon as it had returned to its normal size and the warmth had gone from his hands, he stood back up, clapped his hands together as if applauding himself. He had done the same thing when he had healed Parker’s leg and he did it to get rid of any of the affliction that might try to pass itself onto him. He knew that illness was a strange thing and that sometimes it could be spiritual, clapping his hands together made sure that nothing lingered or attached itself to him.
“Well now then Sir, I think a walk around the room would be in order, don’t you?” The old gentleman carefully rose from his chair and started to walk but after taking only a few steps ended up running round the room, then disappeared quickly out of the open door. In a short time he returned and walking proudly up to Wizzo and handed him twenty-five gold sovereigns.
“There! Paid in full, and I thank you, may we call upon your services again if needed Sir?”
“I am happy at this time to be of service to you Sir, to call upon me would not be possible being that my life is one of seclusion, now reluctantly I must leave you,” he rapped his cloak about him and to the surprise of every one, he disappeared.
 
 CHAPTER 16

Returning to the Cottage, Alice asked him if he was going to take her down to the haberdashery as there was still time, she also needed to get some things for the coming birth and for Sophie.
“Come then Alice lets be on our way and see if we can’t get all these things organised and seen to in one day,” then turning to Sophie he asked.
“Are you well Sophie?”
“Aint never felt better.” 
“We shouldn’t be too long,” Having said that he took Alice by the hand. 
It didn’t take them long to reach the Haberdashery. 
Wizzo tried to make himself inconspicuous. This was made almost impossible because of the amount of ladies coming and going and very often pushing past him in their haste to get from one end of this large establishment to the other with either bolts of material, large wicker baskets, or perambulators with more often than not hungry howling children in then. He hoped that Sophie’s little one would not turn out to be this way inclined. He soon realized why it was that all the ladies with children were passing on this side. There was a young woman carrying a child on the other side of the shop, the child without a doubt had the whooping cough, he made his way over to her.
“Madam, excuse me, but I couldn’t help but notice that your child suffers from the whooping cough,” he then took from inside his cloak a small stone jar. “One teaspoon in the morning and one at night should see the little fellow regain his health,” she was looking up into his honest eyes and without realizing it reached out and took the precious jar in her hand. 
“How much?” was all she could say.
“No charge madam, none at all, but remember these instructions. One teaspoon in the morning and one at night and above all shake the jar well before each use. I would also advise you to get the little fellow home and make sure that he is kept warm otherwise you will without a doubt lose him. Now then off you go and do as I say.” He watched the young lady hurriedly leave clutching the precious jar. A well-dressed sharp faced lady seemingly of some distinction seeing what had taken place came over to him. 
“I do not wish to seem impertinent, but do you know that lady Sir?”
“I have no idea who she was madam.”
“Am I right in thinking that you gave that woman a tonic for her child?”
“You understand correctly madam.”
“Are you a physician, or perhaps a surgeon Sir?”
“I consider myself to be somewhat of a healer madam.”
“And am I correct in thinking that no coinage changed hands Sir?” she said this with a noticeable frown on her face.
“Again you are indeed correct madam,” Wizzo already knew in his mind what the next question would be but said nothing as he could now see Alice working her way towards him carrying a cloth bag that she had purchased so as to be able to carry everything.
“Had you enough coinage Alice?” he called out to her.
“Yes Wizzo and plenty to spare” he had given her two of his sovereigns. 
“Alice this dear lady wishes to know whether the potion that you observed me give to the young lady will cure the child of its affliction?” Alice assuming a tone of arrogance said.
“If it doesn’t, nothing will,” 
“You mean it will actually cure the child?” asked the woman.  Alice looked at her with some surprise.
“Course it will lady, he’ll be as right as rain he will, you see if he ain’t, this gentleman looks after little ones he does.” Wizzo took Alice gently by the arm. 
“Come then Alice we must be off, you’d best let me carry that for you, it looks rather heavy, now then where do we need to go next?”
“Just up the road a short way, Sophie needs some undergarments and the little one will need something to keep him warm when he arrives.”
“While you’re there Alice, get yourself some undergarments, do you think that three sets each will do?”
“Don’t know, I never had the privilege of wearing such things,” she said laughing.
“Best make it three sets each then Alice. --- Don’t look round now but were being followed,” she couldn’t resist it and looked behind her.
“It’s that woman from the haberdashery, she tried hiding behind that fellow when I looked round, what’s she doing following us?”
“How far have we to go Alice?”
“It’s here,” they were now standing outside a large milliners, he offered her another sovereign.
“Will that be enough?” she pushed his hand away and at the same time opened her other hand.
“I still got plenty Wizzo, don’t need any more.”
“Off you go then Alice, I’ll wait out here for you,” he said this with a cheeky look on his face and at the same time glancing up the road to where the lady after seeing them stop was now attempting to hide in a shop doorway.
“What ya going to do with her Wizzo?”
“I haven’t made up my mind yet Alice, there were all sorts of thoughts going through that ladies mind and I wasn’t able to sort them out, you go inside and let’s see what happens.” Wizzo walked down towards the lady, she stepped out of the doorway to face him.
“Can I help you in anyway madam, you seem to be most concerned about something?”
“It is simply this Sir. I know that there is no known cure for whooping cough and many children die of it. You see my husband is a physician, so by telling that poor woman that what you gave her would cure the child would be most misleading under any circumstances, what I don’t understand is why did you not charge her for your services, such as they were?”
“Normally I don’t, --- the rich pay for my services madam the poor do not.”
“She wasn’t poor by any means Sir.”
“In my eyes she was, by chance do you know the lady madam?”
“I’ve seen her before.”
“Then if you perchance see her again you must ask her if the tonic that was so freely given affected a cure, now I must bid you good day”. Wizzo not really wanting to continue the conversation turned and left the lady. 
On reaching the millinery shop and to his relief Alice was now coming out carrying another cloth bag, “Alice I thought that a millinery shop sold only hats?”
“They sell everything in there they do, you should ave got yourself a new shirt, that one’s looking a bit rough round the collar if you don’t mind me sayin so.”
“Later perhaps, now let’s be off, that dreadful woman’s coming this way again, have you got everything that you need?” 
“I think so;” she at the same time looking back at the approaching woman. He took her and about two shops up they found a convenient alleyway, a few steps inside it, his cloak went around her and they were gone. 
Sophie was most exited on their return and wanted to know where they had been, what did they do, and what had she bought. Wizzo was too tired to listen so he made himself comfortable in his chair. After a glass of portage he dozed off leaving the ladies to sort everything out. 
Alice woke him sometime later with a good meal, after that the two ladies busied themselves tearing apart and remaking little James his Jackets and breaches.
The next day, Alice informed Wizzo that they had run out of cheese, meat, and vegetables.
“Then we’d best go down to the Covent Garden markets Alice, I’ll go and harness High Hopes up to the Dogcart, he’s in need of a run out.”
“Ain’t they’re no markets closer Wizzo?” asked Sophie not wanting to be left alone.
“I’m afraid not Sophie and anyway High Hopes will be happy to take us there. Don’t you feel well Sophie?”
“It’s getting near me time Wizzo!”
“In that case I’ll go and get what we need and Alice can stay here with you,” Sophie liked that idea much better. Before he left he made sure that there was plenty of fruit for them, Pee Wee wanted to know if he could come with him as he’d never seen London before.
“I’ll have to put my cloak around you Peewee --- and you’ll have to stay in the Dogcart or you may get trampled on;” Peewee was now jumping up and down with excitement.
“I won’t get out, I promise!”
“Very well then my little friend, let’s go and see what London has to offer us in the way of entertainment,” Pee Wee ran up to him waiting to be picked up, Wizzo turned to the ladies.
“Is there anything of a special nature that you good ladies would like me to bring back in the way of food?”
“Some candy Wizzo, if it ain’t too much to ask?”
“Candy it is then Sophie, would you like anything Alice?”
“A pumpkin Wizzo, a big one, I can do all sorts with a pumpkin.”
“A pumpkin sounds like an excellent idea Alice; I’ll get four they should last us for a while.”
“If you're going to get four, make sure at least three has the storks left on them, that way they’ll keep for a while.”  
“Now that you mention it, I seem to remember something about that,” he picked Peewee up. “
I suppose there’s no strawberries, --- I got a terrible fancy for strawberries Wizzo” said Sophie.
“Strawberries indeed;” Wizzo had never tasted a strawberry before, they had never appealed to him, “I’ll see what we can do Sophie.”
Wizzo and Peewee spent most of the day in and around London. It was cold but the sun was shining, the snow clouds had disappeared, the wind had decided to rest so in all it was quite pleasant day.  They had procured all their groceries and were about to set off for home. Peewee had concealed himself inside Wizzo’s cloak for most of the time and all you could see of him was a little inquisitive face, being full of curiosity he wanted to know about everything and anything. He spotted a Dwarf doing a juggling act on the sidewalk.
“Stop! Wizzo stop! There’s a shrunken giant, can I talk to him?”
“Sorry to disappoint you Peewee but they’re ordinary people who for some reason don’t grow; they’re called Dwarfs or midgets.”
“Are there others, I mean ladies of the same size, or even smaller?” he said, getting excited with the prospects of it.
“They would be too big for you I’m afraid Peewee, they’re normally in circuses, or fun fairs, I’ve met a few of them in my travels, ---- most of them have ladies, they tell me that it’s a good life, to them size doesn’t make much difference.”
“There’s a lot of them?” asked Peewee excitedly, Wizzo pulled on High Hopes reins and they stopped to watch.
“I’ve never seen one smaller than him Peewee;” Wizzo took a silver piece from his money pouch and beckoned the Dwarf over, on seeing the silver coin he moved fast for such a little person. Wizzo leaned down and was about to hand him the coin but instead asked him.
“I have a friend who wants to know, just how tall the smallest lady that you know of is?” the Dwarf seemed somewhat surprised at the question. Wizzo held up the silver piece.
“As far as I know, the smallest lady in the world is a girl named Abby, she’s two feet nine inches tall and lives somewhere in France.”
“You see Peewee I told you they were all too big;” the Dwarf was staring at the face he could just see under Wizzo’s cloak.
“Hey little fellow come on out, lets ave a look at ya;” Wizzo reluctantly opened his cloak.
“Blimey! You’re a wonder you are; you could make a bloomin fortune you could, you got to be the smallest man in the whole world you ave!”
“What does he mean Wizzo?” 
“I’ll explain later Pee Wee.” We enjoyed your act, and we thank you for your information,” Wizzo handed him the three penny piece, the little fellow stepped back and touched his cap, Wizzo clicked the reins and they set off at a brisk pace.
“I think we’ll turn for home Pee Wee, I’ve had enough excitement for one day.”
On their arrival back at the Cottage they found that Alice and Sophie had already finished one of the suits for James, he was now looking very smart indeed. As soon as he saw Peewee he ran up to him wanting to play their favorite game of hide and go seek.
“Not in them clothes you don’t, thems for going out to town in,” Alice said knowing that these two got up to all kinds of mischief around the place. James with a cheeky look on his face was off and running, much to the delight of Peewee who was doing his best to encourage him to run faster. Alice after chasing him three times around the room managed to catch him. She undressed him, slipped his robe over his head and while he was completely inside and unable to see, she tickled him, this made him roll around all over the floor trying to get away. Peewee had in the meantime climbed up on his stool and was informing James as to which way he could make his escape, James of course couldn’t understand a word he was saying and could only go by the sound of laughter coming from the rest of them. He almost made his escape under the table, only to be dragged out by his feet; Peewee was jumping up and down and laughing so much he almost toppled off the stool. Alice realizing that it had gone far enough so with a friendly slap on James’s backside, sent the two of them off to play.
“If you two are going out to them stables, make sure you put something warm on!” She looked at Wizzo, “There’s no telling what them two get up too.”
“Boys will be boys Alice;”
“That Peewee certainly ain’t no boy.”
“I think that’s because he’s trying to get over the loss of Athermine. He mentioned her today, he’s still very sad about his loss and what happened,” looking thoughtful he added, “only time will tell Alice, only time will tell;” he turned to Sophie, “Everything alright Sophie, are you feeling well?”
“Good as gold Wizzo, especially after them strawberries ya bought me.” 
“I’m pleased that you enjoyed them.” --- It should all happen on the stroke of midnight Sophie, I think I’d best go and prepare the room.” He went upstairs.
Somehow he didn’t believe everything that Shealther had said about a Dragon Queen or maybe it was that he really didn’t want to believe it. He thought it might just be possible that the child Sophie was going to have might not only be the Dragon Queen but his long awaited apprentice as well. If it was a girl, he would have to make all the necessary arrangements just in case she was the one. 
On entering Sophie’s room, he removed all the bedding and furniture, sending it one after the other floating off down the hallway into another room. He then marked a pentagon of exact dimensions on the floor, this was then enclosed by a perfect circle. At the five points of the pentagon he placed gold chalices filled with the purest of water, over each of these he spent some time casting spells and muttering incantations.  This was a very important time for him, everything had to be carried out in a precise manner.  
He hadn’t as yet informed the two ladies that they would need to wear the special garments that he had. These had been passed down from Wizard to Wizard and were fashioned long ago by the Atlantianes.  They were made of a material that neither age, nor the passage of time had any effect, these he laid out carefully on his bed in his room.  
By the time he had finished, it was approaching seven o’clock.  It was already dark outside; he sealed the window and the chimney with a spell, and then closed the drapes. He then placed four glowing orbs about the room to give it sufficient light, the smoke from candles wasn’t welcome at this time, satisfied with his work he went back down stairs. 
Alice who at this time could not sit still for two minutes without finding something or other to do had prepared food for them all. When they had finished eating he told them about the special garments they had to wear and exactly what they had to do. He also told them about the positions that they would need to be in regarding the pentagon, he asked Pee Wee to look after James who by this time was curled up in front of the fire asleep. When he had organized everything to his satisfaction they all sat and waited for the event to unfold.

 CHAPTER 17

Just after eight o’clock Sophie felt the first pain, Alice of course fussed over her like a mother her and ask Wizzo if she should be taken up to the room where the birth would take place. 
“All in good time Alice, all in good time.” 
He had seen to it that all the fires in the rooms were lit except the one that the birth would take place in, that particular one needed to be sealed. All the doors were open inside so as to let the heat circulate though the Cottage as much as possible. He waited until it was nearing half past eleven, Sophie’s pains were coming much closer now. He picked her up gently, carried her upstairs and laid her on his bed.
“Undress yourselves ladies and put on these garments, let me know as soon as you’re both ready Alice.” 
A few long minutes later, or so it seemed to Wizzo, Alice called out. 
“We’re ready Wizzo, you’d best hurry, she’s getting near her time!” He went in and lifted Sophie off the bed and carried her into the prepared room, he laid her down carefully in the center of the pentagon and then making sure Alice knew her correct position, he then closed the door and sealed it. Alice was nervous and fidgeting about.
“Try to keep still and not smudge the pentagon Alice, it’s most important;” Alice stopped fidgeting and settled down to wait. 
Wizzo who had never witnessed the birth of a child before and now being able to see the pain on Sophie’s face he hovered around the outside of the circle like an expectant father. He was extremely worried about Sophie, it had only been two weeks ago that she was near to dying and he knew that she had been putting on a brave face these last few days, he just didn’t know to what affect her past condition would have on her or the child.  He found himself willing at this point of time to enter and break the circle of the pentagon to save her or the child if necessary.  
With the painful contractions now coming one on top of the other, Sophie was howling out as each one hit her.  He knew that ladies suffered when giving birth but Sophie’s screams were almost too much for him to bear, so much so that he felt himself being drawn almost against his will into the circle, he forced himself to stay where he was and instead called out.
“Is Sophie all right Alice?” Alice turned and smiled reassuringly at him.
“She’s doing well Wizzo!” It was then that the room seemed to fill up with Fairies, they came from everywhere, he found Shealther on his right shoulder and Elthra on his left, he looked at Shealther.
“I thought I’d sealed this room!”
“You are a silly Wizard --- were you thinking that you could keep us away?”
“It would seem that I was mistaken;” his attention was pulled back to the birth, Sophie was calling out to him to stop the pain.
“I can just see the babes head!” --- Push! Sophie push!” Alice shouted in a commanding way. He was now listening for the tiny bell that would come from the time piece at exactly midnight, and trying to hear this above the howls coming from Sophie and the instructions being given out by Alice proved difficult. 
He had always wondered why it was that the ladies suffered so much pain during and after the birth of a child, the only thing that it had been put down to was that it was necessary for the bonding of Mother to child, his thoughts were interrupted by Alice.
“The heads out! Just a few more pushes Sophie, --- that’s it! Push love Push! Almost there, just one more, ---- that’s it, ---- good girl,” Sophie didn’t know whether to push or howl, she was doing quite a good job of doing both at the same time. “A big push now ---- just one more big push.” Sophie was shouting at the top of her voice. Then Alice called out, “Here she comes, the little love.” She laid the child face up on Sophie then with a special blade that Wizzo had given her she cut the cord that joined Mother and child together and then like an expert she then tied it. She cleared the mucus from inside the Child’s mouth. She then turned it upside down and slapped its little backside; Wizzo heard the tiny sound of the bell at exactly the same time the child took its first breath. Wizzo raised his arms in jubilation.
“So it was written so has it been done!” he called out. This was followed by an enormous clap of rolling thunder that shook the very foundations of the place, it then continued on its way around the world so that everybody who had the knowing of it would understand what had taken place this very night. The Fairies becoming so exited they were spinning round and disappearing in all directions. Alice held the child up to him.
“It’s a girl Wizzo! --- you was expecting a boy weren’t you,” with a smile and a few tears of uncontrollable emotion he said.
“A girl will be just fine Alice, especially one as beautiful as that, now then do you remember the rest of my instructions?”
“ I remember.” Alice carrying the child now went carefully to each chalice in turn and dipping her fingers in, she then let water from each one drip onto the child’s head, when she had been to all five cups she came over to him. He then stepped inside the pentagon and looked for the final sign, the birth mark, he found it on the right side of the child’s back, he was looking for a pentagon star, instead he found what looked like another Dragon. It was almost gold in colour, he looked very closely at it, he couldn’t or didn’t want to believe his eyes and it took him a little while to make it out. He couldn’t be sure, but it looked like a dragon lying down with its head up in the air, almost being alert as it were, he gave the child carefully back to Alice, then went over and unsealed the door.  
He re-entered the circle, then picking Sophie up he carried her into his room, putting her gently down on his bed. He tenderly moved the sweat filled red hair from her forehead.
“My word Sophie, you did us all proud tonight, how are you feeling?”
“I’m all right Wizzo, can I hold her, just for a minute or two?” she said this as if she thought that he was going to take the child from her.
“She’s not mine Sophie, she’s yours and you can hold her for as long as you like.”
“I’ll go and get the hot water and some towels Alice, I shan’t be too long.” He reached the top of the stairs; and found Peewee standing at the bottom looking up.
“Sophie and the little one, are they all right, --- with all that thunder I thought something might have happened to them.” He asked this with a look of deep concern. 
Wizzo floated down the stairs.
“Pee Wee, I’m happy to be able to tell you that they’re both wonderfully well.” Peewee could hardly contain himself.
“Can I go and see them?”
“In a short while Pee Wee, they’re in my room, I have to get some hot water and towels so that Alice can wash Sophie and the child, and don’t go into your room yet Pee Wee there are things that must be done first, important things.”
Peewee followed Wizzo into the scullery.
“James slept through all that thunder, nothing seems to wakes him up and I’m getting used to it,” he said with a show of pride, “Why does it do that?” Wizzo was filling a bowl with hot water. 
“Those that have the knowing of it like to make a big noise now and again, it’s so that they will not be forgotten, that’s all Peewee.”
“Oh! Is that all, --- funny lot aren’t they.” Wizzo didn’t say anything but returned to the ladies with the required hot water towels and nightgowns for them both.
“I’ll need to clean the robes Alice, call me when they’re ready, I’ll be in Sophie’s room.” Alice looked at her robe and then at Sophie’s.
“I’ll wash them Wizzo.” She said. He stopped at the door.
“It’s alright Alice; it’s something that only I can do.”
“Oh! ---- all right then Wizzo.” She turned her attention back to Sophie 
“She’s beautiful isn’t she,” said Alice looking fondly at the child, she’s a little replica of you Sophie, your eyes, hair, nose, chin, mouth, ha! There’s nothing of her father in her at all, and the poor misguided fellow will never know what a service he has performed, nor will he ever know what a beautiful child he has helped to produce and probably cares little about it all anyway.” Wizzo called from the next room.
“We’ll get a message to your Mother Sophie so that she can stop worrying about you.” Sophie weakly nodded her approval at this suggestion. 
Wizzo on entering the next room, picked up one of the gold cups, he poured it onto the bloodstains and the afterbirth that were now in a bowl on the floor, after a short while they slowly disappeared as if never having been there.
He turned to find Peewee watching him from the doorway.
“Can I help you Wizzo? Alice won’t let me in.”
“No matter what size you are Peewee, you are in their minds still a man, a man interfering in a woman’s business,” he heard Alice call out, telling him that she had put the garments outside the door. 
“Go and fetch the garments would you Peewee,” he returned a short time later dragging the garments behind him.
“I tried to carry them Wizzo but I couldn’t see where I was going.”
“That’s alright Pee Wee” he said as he took them off him. 
Spreading them out on the clean floor, he then picked up another gold cup and poured its contents over one of the garments, he did the same with the other and watched as both garments returned to their clean crisp normal state. The forth cup he simply dipped his fingers into it and flicked it around the room until the cup was empty. The fifth one he took down stairs and emptied the contents into a stone jar, firmly placing a cork stopper in it. He then wrote something on it and sealed it with wax. 
After he had returned all the furnishings to Sophie’s room and lit the fire and the candles he knocked on his door asking if it was all right for him to come in. Alice opened the door.
“Come on in;” and then added. “Look at the darlings they’re both sound asleep,” 
He walked onto a room full of Fairies, they were everywhere. He went over and again gently removed the hair from Sophie’s face so that he could see her more clearly, the Fairies all moved in closer so that they could watch. Having satisfied himself that she was indeed sleeping peacefully with the little one snuggled into her breast, he turned to Elthra.
‘It is as you knew it would be Elthra.” She gave him a knowing look and a smile that would melt even the hardest of hearts because she knew that secretly he was disappointed but not showing it.
“All things will become clear in time Gwarcheidial; you know how it has to be.” He sighed.
“I’ve always known how it had to be Elthra, I was taught well by my Father, but sometimes it’s hard to except.”  Elthra turned to her people.
“Sisters! All is well, come it’s time for us to go, it was then they disappeared as quickly as they had appeared.  Wizzo turned to Alice.   
“I think it would be best if they were left here for the night Alice, I’ll sleep in my chair.”
“You can share my bed if you like Wizzo.”
“I thank you for the offer Alice but I’ll sleep down stairs.” He knew that if he shared a bed with Alice it wouldn’t be all that they would be sharing and he had other plans for her that would suit her better and make her a lot happier in the end. After all, she was still young and vibrant; he wouldn’t take that away from her, not just for his sake. He was always doing this, not thinking of himself only of others, anyway I’m too old for such things. 
He went down stairs and found James and Peewee sleeping soundly in front of the fire. 
He lowered himself into his chair knowing that the Fairies even though they appeared not to be there would look after Sophie and the little one, he did for a short while wonder how it was that they came through his shield but it didn’t last long and he was soon fast asleep.
For the next few days a lot of fuss was made over their new arrival. He would go down to the main gates in the afternoon and would stand for a while outside listening for anybody that might be calling out to him, he knew that the Gate Men would let him know if somebody needed him but he liked to do it for himself. 
He had spoken with Elthra about the Dragons birthmark but she said that only Shealther would know about such things, somehow he doubted that this would be the case as far as Elthra was concerned, but he didn’t pursue the matter.  All Fairies knew what other Fairies were thinking, it was their way of communicating, he also knew that Shealther came out from under the shield at the Manor to do just that, he smiled to himself. 
 Shealther and her secrets and there were many of them, but he enjoyed the game, after all they had been playing it since he could remember. Even as a child before he could walk she had played tricks on him, she had taught him so much over the years, he had been made to think about a lot of things, he had always been able to solve the riddles that she gave him.  He wondered which of the Fairies would teach James, and then there was the little angel as he called her, Sophie had mentioned before that she liked the name Angelina.  Wizzo thought that it suited her well and had decided that he would call her Angel. 
In his mind he had heard Alice talking to Sophie about her Mother; he could only imagine how distraught her mother would be, he would go and see her as soon as possible. 
He went up see Sophie who was now back in her own bed, he knocked on the door.
“Come in Wizzo.” On entering he could see that Angel was latched onto Sophie’s still very small breast, he went over and tenderly caressed the child’s head.
“You can write can’t you Sophie?”
“Of Course I can, my mum taught me.”
“Would you like to write to your mother and let her know how you are and as soon as it’s finished I’ll take it to her.” Sophie looked caringly at her little Angel.
“As soon as she’s finished Wizzo, she’ll owl if I take her off now.”
“I’ll get the writing material ready for you Sophie.” 
He went down stairs. When opposite the living room door he turned towards a blank wall, a door appeared; it opened as he continued to walk towards it. This was his secret room, where he would work on his lotions, potions, study spells and incantations. He soon returned and arranged everything on the table, quill, ink dusting powder and sheets of parchment, as soon as Sophie had finished feeding little Angel he would take them up to her, with Sophie’s inability to produce much breast milk it would take some time. 
When he knew that she had finished, he took all the things up that she would need to write to her mother. It was some two hours later that he went to her again and found that she was still writing and was by now on her sixth sheet, with Alice fussing over her.
“Are you writing your mother a book Sophie?” he asked.
“I got to tell er everyfing Wizzo, --- well not everyfing, I mean she wouldn’t understand, anyway I’m just about finished now.” Powdering the last sheet to make sure it was dry she handed them to him.
“Have we any of the green silk ribbon left Alice so as I can tie it up?”
“There should be Wizzo;” Alice went downstairs and soon returned with a good length of the green silk ribbon.
“Ah! Excellent Alice, thank you.” He rolled up the script without reading it because he already knew what Sophie had written; he then tied it up neatly, finishing it off with a neat bow.
“Thanks Wizzo, this’ll mean a lot to my mum it will, I s’pose I can’t go and see er?”
“I’ll take her the letter first Sophie and see if I can’t arrange something with your good mother, by the way what’s her name?”
“Shirley, Mrs. Shirley Cheswick.”
“Does she leave the house at any time Sophie, to go to the shops, or to see friends?” Sophie thought about that for a while.
“What’s today Wizzo?”
“If I’m not mistaken I believe.” Wizzo sent his mind down to the sitting room and looked at the timepiece. “With all that’s been happening he’d forgotten what day it was Sophie, it’s Wednesday.” 
“Mum always goes shoppin on a Wednesday afternoon, she always used to let me go with er, but for the last few years she’s been going on er own, I liked going round all the shops I did, then she wouldn’t let me go with er no more.”
“Don’t worry Sophie I’ll find her.” 
He soon found himself hovering invisibly over Chelsea just down the road from St Andrews Church. He knew what Sophie’s mother looked like, he’d seen her before in Sophie’s mind so he pictured her in his mind, he saw her some distance away walking down the main street carrying a basket.  
Going down behind the church he made his way onto the street and then walked in her direction.  He was almost up to her but she turned and went into a grocer’s store, he followed her in.
“Good morning Mrs. Cheswick what can I do for you today?” the man who had spoken was of a handsome appearance with broad shoulders. He was neatly dressed in a shirt and breeches all being protected by a large white apron, there were a few ladies in the shop but his eyes were smiling at Mrs. Cheswick, she returned his gaze with some affection at the same time blushing just a little. She tried to conceal this by turning away and inspecting the cabbages that were neatly displayed along with other vegetables at the other side of the shop. One women with a snooty appearance thought she knew what was going on. She was smirking and looking down her noise at her as it were, then still with her nose in the air she paid for her vegetables and quickly left the shop. Wizzo watched with some interested, the other ladies greeted her politely; some even showed a certain amount of sympathy towards her, after a while most had finished and went on their way. 
She had looked his way a few times, in the end he went up to her, then making sure that nobody could see, he handed Sophie’s letter to her.
“From your Sophie Mrs. Cheswick,” he whispered, tears sprung into her eyes.
“Is she well Sir?”
“Indeed she is, look it’s all explained in her letter.”
“Will you walk with me a short way Sir?”
“If you wish;” they made their way out of the shop. 
“I came by to tell you that your daughter has given birth to a fine healthy baby girl,” The moment she heard that, she burst into tears, Wizzo put his arm around her.
“There, there, Mrs. Cheswick, both are doing extremely well, Sophie has named her Angelina.”
“I can’t thank you enough Sir, god bless you for looking after her.”
“She wishes to see you, but not knowing your circumstances I thought it best that some arrangements should be made, also one must bear in mind that Sophie and the child would need to be a little stronger to make such a journey.”
“But she’s all right isn’t she?”
“She puts on a brave face Mrs. Cheswick, but after what she’s been through, she’s still a little weak from it all. I think that in about six or eight weeks she and the little one will be fit enough to make the journey, I’ll return to you before that to make some arrangements.” They stopped walking, he turned to her and reaching down he took hold of her hands. “She is well Shirley, you can stop worrying about her.” she looked up at him.
“I don’t know what to do for the best.” 
“You love him don’t you, the gentleman at the grocery shop I mean?” she lowered her head.
“Is it that obvious,” she said.
“What does he think about your Sophie?” He asked.
“He doesn’t mind at all, he said that we could all move in with him.”
“I think under the circumstances Sophie would rather stay with me and perhaps leave you two to sort out your lives.”
“I suppose that would be best, he’s going to lose a few of his customers if I do move in with him, do you think I’d be doing the right thing?”
“It’s not for me to say, but I do think that if you’re not happy with your present situation then maybe it would be best to change it. I noticed that most of the ladies seemed somewhat sympathetic towards you, and even if they weren’t, I always find that when one door closes another one opens, there are plenty of other places around that would welcome a good Greengrocer.”
“That would mean that he would have to start again.”
“That would be his decision surely, you can but ask him what he wishes to do, and anyway maybe he has already considered that possibility.”
“He is a good man, and I know that he loves me.”
“Love to some is worth more than money Shirley.”
“But I couldn’t do that to him.”
“I think he is a man quite able to make his own decisions, and you should maybe allow him to do so.” 
“So you think that I should ask him?”
“If I were in your situation I would, even if it only clarifies things in your own mind, at least then you’ll be able to decide between you what would be the best thing to do.”
“You’re right of course, --- I’ll go and see him, --- thank you for looking after Sophie and for your good advice Sir, might I ask your name?”
“Mr. Burn Bright, I’ll look forward to seeing you in about three weeks.” She nodded her consent.  “Good luck to you in your endeavors Shirley.” He stood and watched as she made her way back to her lover, he knowing that she would have difficult times ahead, but he also knew that in the end all would be well.
As soon as he returned, Sophie wanted to know about everything that had happened, Wizzo told her about her mother's situation and what she was thinking of doing about it.
“Poor mum-----Mr. Able, he’s a nice man he is; he’ll look after her he will.”
“Sophie why is it that your Mother speaks differently to you, I mean she is well spoken as it were?”
“Cause I spent seven months on the streets of London I did and if you don’t speak like everybody else, they wouldn’t have nothing to do with you, and anyway I thought you liked the way I speak?”
“I do Sophie, indeed I do.”
“Alice has already had a go at me about that and I know she’s tryin hard, looks like I’ll ave to do the same.”
“It shouldn’t be too difficult for you Sophie, you can read and write and you were brought up to speak in a different way, so for the little ones who need to be educated for their task in life it might be a good thing if we all spoke the same, as it were.” 
“All right Wizzo, you don’t have to keep on, I can speak as well as the next if I have to.” Wizzo stepped back in surprise and turning to Alice he asked.
“What just happened?” Alice laughed.
“I think Sophie’s been playing a Fairies game with you Wizzo; Sophie gave Alice a look that told her not to say too much.
“You’re a rascal Sophie, I have to admit that I do like playing games and keeping secrets, after all isn’t that what Wizards and Fairies are all about.”

CHAPTER 18

Dark heavy snow clouds after all there threatening behavior over the last two weeks had now shed some of their burden. It was snowing lightly and being cold enough lay on the ground like a thin blanket. Peewee who hadn’t seen snow for over a thousand years was now under the instructions of Alice attempting with James to build a snowman out of what little snow there was. Wizzo laughed and turned to Sophie.
“It seems as though Shyness has overcome her problem.” He said.
“How’s that Wizzo?” 
“Hardhead was standing at his door with his hands on his hips portraying a very stern Gnome making sure that Peewee and James didn’t spoil his garden, then it almost looked as if he fell backwards, Shyness must have come up behind him and dragged him back inside. I can just imagine what Hardhead is thinking with him being so proud and fastidious. He didn’t seem to mind though, he hasn’t come back out.” He stopped speaking and listened, he could hear the Gate Men calling him.
“There’s someone at the gates Sophie, a man and a woman, I’d best go down and see who it is.” 
Making his way down to the main gates he was surprised to see a carriage. Judge Meanie and his manservant were pulling and pushing trying their best to open the gates, his wife Heather was standing next to the carriage. As Wizzo approached, the gates opened for him much to the surprise of Judge Meanie who hadn’t been able to open them even though there appeared to be no locks or fastenings, Wizzo went out to great them, the gates closing slowly behind him.  
“Good afternoon” he said shaking Mr. Meanie by the hand, what brings you and your good lady venturing out on such a day sir?”
“It wasn’t snowing when we left London Mr. Burn Bright, I sincerely hope that it doesn’t get too bad or we may live to regret it when we have to return.”
“It shouldn’t get to bad Sir.” He turned to Heather. “It’s a pleasure to see you again Heather.”
“It’s indeed a pleasure to see you again Mr. Burn Bright. With Mr. Meanie and our good man not being able to open the gates and it being my fault that you were not advised as to our coming, and I most humbly apologize to you for that. We thought that you must be out and about and that our trip had been wasted.”
“The gates are always kept locked Heather,” Wizzo said this for the sake of the manservant who looked to be an inquisitive fellow, Wizzo walked up to him.
“If you turn the coach around and go down the hill you will find the Oak Dale Inn.” Wizzo opened his money pouch and gave the man a shilling. “Come back in about four hours my good man, your Master and his good lady should be ready to leave by then.” The Man servant who was now holding the silver piece tightly in his hand knowing that he could get a good meal, a good jug of ale and still have some left over looked at Mr. Meanie for his approval.
“Before you go Andy, unload the small chest, and mind you restrict yourself to one jug of ale, and take care to be back here in four hours.
“Aye Sir,” said Andy as he pulled a small brassbound chest from inside the coach and placed it on the ground. He then climbed up to the coachman’s seat flicked the rains and then expertly turned the coach around and because of the snow made his way carefully down the hill.
“I sent your man away because there is a certain procedure that everybody who wishes to enter must follow, regardless of who they are, and that includes me.” Mr. Meanie looked somewhat surprised.
“And what procedure is that may I ask Sir?”
“First you must both ask the Gate Men if they will admit you, they may wish to ask you some questions.”
“The Gate Men?” Said Heather looking around expecting to see a manservant of some kind. Wizzo pointed at the bronze faces on the gates.
“They are those that now watch you with keen interest Heather.” Mr. Meanie was looking directly at the two bronze faces, and from the look on his face didn’t believe what he was seeing. He then went closer to make sure that his eyes were not deceiving him.
“Do my eyes deceive me Sir, or are they actually looking at us?”
“Indeed they are Sir. It is not for me to allow you entry, that's if you wish to enter? It’s up to the good Gate Men.” Heather on hearing this walked confidently forward.
“Is there a particular way of asking Mr. Burn Bright?”
“Ask as you may Heather.”
“May we enter Gentlemen?” she asked tentatively. The great booming voices sounded out 
“WHAT IS YOUR WISH?” Came the command from the Gate Men. This caused Heather too take two faltering steps backwards, as she did so she backed into Mr. Meanie tripping over his feet and falling into his arms, still being supported by Mr. Meanie and not knowing what to do she turned and looked at Wizzo.
“What do they mean Mr. Burn Bright?” Wizzo who couldn’t understand why the Gate Men should ask such a question replied.
“Exactly what they say Heather, ---- what is your wish?” She looked at him with uncertainty.
“Heather, the Gate Men guard the entrance to what some would consider to be a world of fantasy, so they ask you what is the wish closest to your heart,” she then said without any hesitation.
“To bear a child for my husband;” the booming voice spoke again as if not hearing her.
“And you sir what is your wish?” Mr. Meanie put his arm around his wife and looked with love into her eyes and without looking back at the Gate Men said.
“That her wish be granted.”
“Only those that have the knowing of it can grant such a wish. We sense no danger here Gwarcheidial so we place these good people in your most capable hands.” The gates swung slowly open. Wizzo walked through, when inside he turned around. The two of them were still outside holding hands, uncertain as to whether or not to follow, so Wizzo waited.
“We are entering somewhere we know nothing of dearest.”
“I know but we should enter anyway” she said, he smiled at her.
“If you say so my dear.” He let go of her hand and picked up the small brassbound chest, and then as if walking into a dream they both entered Wizzo’s world, they turned uncertainly and watched as the gates slowly closed behind them.
“We thank you Gate Men” said Wizzo, he went between them and then placing an arm around each they lifted off the ground and flew up the dirt road through the forest. On reaching the Cottage gate, Wizzo asked the Gate Man if they may enter, the gate without any hesitation opened, after thanking the Gate Man the three of them proceeded down the path. 
Alice and the others had gone back inside but had left a small snowman in the middle of the pathway. Wizzo felt the presents of a Fairy, he had been walking in front of Heather and now felt that all was not right. He turned around quickly and saw it hovering in front of her, Mr. Meanie not realizing what it was, was about to take a swipe at it, Wizzo called out.
“Mr. Meanie ‘Stop’! That’s a Fairy you are about to strike!” Mr. Meanie stepped back, a shocked look on his face.
“My goodness I’m so sorry.” he said, Heather’s eyes were now wide with wonder.
“My fault entirely Mr. Meanie, it’s winter and I thought that they would all be asleep, I certainly didn’t think that one would come out to welcome you Heather;” the Fairy was hovering in front of her.
“You’ll have to clear your mind of all thoughts if you wish to communicate with her Heather.” She stood transfixed, and then bubbles of tears slowly formed in her eyes as she gazed in wonder at this gentle loving creature hovering right in front of her. The Fairy only stayed for a short time then flew away only to disappear into the rockery that Hard Head had built for them, Heather then turned to Wizzo.
“She said that her name was Anneath, and that I would have all that I had wished for, she said that you had already set that in motion. She used that long name you have when she spoke of you. She also said for me not to worry as the little ones that I wished for had already taken seed inside me,” Heather looked down and placed her hands on her stomach. 
“Heather, in your in your way, you have tried to serve nature as your sisters did before you, now they have found a way of repaying you all.” Wizzo reached out and took her arm. 
“Come let’s go inside and get warm shall we.” 
Negotiating their way around the snow man, and on its still squeaky protesting hinges the large iron bound oak door opened for them, they entered. Wizzo stood just inside the door and directed them into the living room where Sophie sat feeding as usual a very hungry Angelica. Due to her past experience she had the disadvantage of her breasts being on the small side so little Angelica couldn’t get enough of what she needed from them, Wizzo was now seriously thinking of seeking some advice from Alice in the way of getting a wet nurse.
“Don’t get up young lady” said Heather as they entered, Sophie had been in the act of trying to stand she now with some show of relief sat back down.
“You must be Sophie?” she said walking over to her, Heather’s interest of course was in the child, and couldn't help herself from declaring“ Frank she’s so beautiful! Come and see.” 
Wizzo judged that Frank was about ten years older than Heather, possibly more. He was not what one would call a handsome man but a kindly one, he was a little shorter than Wizzo, of a lean elegant appearance and sported a well-trimmed full beard and his blue eyes had brightness about them. He made his way over to look at the Angelic, but eyes became riveted on Wizzo’s timepiece that was half hidden behind Sophie, Heather had to draw his attention back to Sophie and her child by saying.
“Isn’t she adorable Frank, just look at her?”
“You can hold her if you like, her names Angelica” said Sophie who by now was feeling sore from the continuous feeding cycle, she detached the little one from her breast.
“But she’s still feeding Sophie”. Wizzo spoke up in Sophie’s defense.
“We have to get a wet nurse Heather, Sophie not well enough yet to supply all of the little ones needs I’m afraid. Alice said she knows of one at the workhouse and we have to go there tomorrow evening to see that all is well with the children. I also have to go and see Mr. Bones, after all we can’t have the little ones sleeping on that cold stone floor in that basement.”
“Sleeping on the floor Mr. Burn Bright, do you speak of the children at the workhouse?”
“Indeed I do Heather.”
“It was my understanding that they had beds in fact I went up there and inspected the facilities before I would allow any children to be boarded there.”
“Heather, I’m afraid that your instructions have not been heeded, and the children do in fact still sleep on the floor, that of course will soon be dealt with.”
“End Sir, how do you mean?” said Frank still not able to take his eyes off the timepiece.
“I intend to purchase some beds for them.”
“It seems that I will have to make more regular inspections of that establishment” said Heather with some authority in her voice. “It was they that quoted a price for each child and stipulated the conditions under which they would be kept, as soon as we get back Mr. Meany, we will go and see them!”
“Indeed we shall my dear and we’ll also take the appropriate documents along with us so as to avoid any misunderstandings.”
Alice came in from the scullery carrying James, Pee Wee was scurrying along behind her.
“Mrs. Meanie, what brings you here?”
“Hello Alice it’s good to see you again, we’ve brought some documents for Mr. Burn Bright to look at and it seems that it was a good thing that we did. He informs us that the children at the workhouse are sleeping on the floor. What must you think of me Alice, I’m so sorry, I simply had no idea.
“They’ve got no heart in that place Mrs. Meanie and I’m not surprised that you knew nothing of it.”
“But you should have told me.”
I couldn’t do that, they would ave found some reason to throw me out, and then the little ones would have had nobody to look after them. Anybody that makes a fuss gets thrown out because they know that you haven’t got the time to inspect the place and when you do you have to notify them of your intentions before you go there. Then they swap things around to make it look good for you, at least the little ones have somewhere to go and Wizzo and me will look after them.”
“Indeed we will Alice you can be sure of that. We can’t look after all the children in the world but we can look after these few, and of course we have Tommy who has it seems taken on the task of looking after them when you’re not able to be there, he’s a good young lad, and will someday I’m sure reap his just reward.”
“Well at least I feel a little better about it all knowing that you are involved Sir, and of course you Alice, but we will still go there as soon as we get back Philip.” She now had a concerned look on her face, he nodded his agreement while still inspecting the time piece.
Heather had spotted Pee Wee and was now looking at him, he was doing his best to hide behind the skirts of Alice, Wizzo realized that the little fellow was still frightened of Wizards and thought that perhaps Mr. Meanie was one. 
“That’s our Peewee Heather,” said Wizzo, “he keeps James occupied and between them they built the snowman that you saw outside.” Alice hadn’t realised that he was hiding behind her but when she did she stepped to one side.
“Come on out Peewee they won’t urt you,” she said smiling down at him, she then explained Peewee to heather.
“Hello Pee Wee” said Heather trying not to stare at him; he bowed to her in a playful way, she turned her attention quickly to James not wanting to ask any embarrassing questions, Alice made this easier by introducing James to her. 
“I can now see that he is well taken care of;” Heather said turning to Wizzo. Alice lowered James to the floor. 
“Hello young man, do you like it here?” James looked with innocent eyes up at Heather and of course couldn’t understand a word she was saying.
“I’m afraid he speaks only French Heather but he is a fast learner, I think Peewee and he have some kind of secret language because they seem to understand each other well enough --- I speak French myself but would rather he learnt to speak English as soon as possible.” He paused and directed his attention to the chest that Philip had carried in. “The chest wouldn’t contain the documents we spoke of would it Heather?”
“Yes Sir, we were indeed hoping that we could avail ourselves of your knowledge and that we could come to some financial arrangement for the translation, as we do believe that it will take you some time.”
“No fee will be necessary Heather;” “Open the chest for Mr. Burn Bright would you Frank,” She had to reach out and touched her husband’s arm, he was so distracted by the Timepiece, he didn’t hear her, she touched his arm again.
“Frank, would you please open the chest for Mr. Burn Bright.”
“What’s that ---- oh yes of course my dear!” He took a key from his pocket and removing the padlock opened the chest, it was full to the top with script. Heather bent down and took a full handful of the documents out of the chest, she held them out to Wizzo as if indicating just how many there was.
“I think under the circumstances you may wish to reconsider our offer Mr. Burn Bright?” Wizzo went over and looked in the chest, and then remarked with indifference. 
“There does seem to be a great many of them.” 
He went over and cleared off the table then going over to the chest he raised his arms and closed his eyes. His mind began searching through the documents for names, places, dates and historical events. The pages after a short while started to float out of the chest and arrange themselves in order on the table, as the last piece floated down into its rightful place, he turned to Heather.
“You have no idea how old they are Heather?” she had been watching the documents float down onto the table, and at first didn’t hear him, it took a short while for his words to filter into her amazed mind.
“No --- no idea at all Sir only that some have the appearance of being extremely old, some of the script can’t be made out at all.”
“These documents go back to antiquity Heather, four thousand years or more if I’m not mistaken. They’re not the oldest documents in the world, I have those in my safe keeping.” He looked towards the sideboard and one of the small draws slid open. Out of it floated two quills, ink, dusting powder and a small sharp silver handled blade that was used to sharpen and shape the quills, below the draw a cupboard opened, a large sheaf of parchments made their way in a leisurely manner to the table. Wizzo went round and leaned over the table, he touched each object in turn, the knife sharpened the quills, the ink pot opened and the quills immediately went into action. 
The copying and translation of the precious documents had begun, one set for them and one for him. Mr. Meanie who had watched all this with some amazement had now turned his attention back to the irresistible timepiece and was about to go behind Sophie’s chair to get a closer look at it. Wizzo glanced in his direction.
“I would ask you not to touch it Sir, it is after all a most delicate instrument of time and happens to be extremely old.”
“I have never seen such a timepiece Mr. Burn Bright. There seems to be no moving parts in it except the hand that has moved since our arrival, it makes no sound and yet there are cogs in it that don’t seem to move --- or if they do, they move very slowly.”
“Please excuse Philip Mr. Burn Bright, he has a fascination with anything that he doesn’t understand, and because of that he has been a longstanding member of the archaeological society.” 
“I know that they can make timepieces now that have a spring and can be wound up with a key of sorts, does this one work in the same way --- but then I detect no presents of a spring --- “ah” there are weights attached to it, I see now. The cogs appear to be made of stone, would they be granite Sir?”
“Yes they would Mr. Meanie, I powder them regularly to protect them.” Mr. Meanie’s head was now almost inside the clock, after a short while he removed it and turned to Wizzo with a puzzled look on his face
“All the cogs have writing on them, they are very similar to the oldest of the documents that we have. Just how old is it Mr. Burn Bright?”
“I have no idea of its age Sir;” Sophie looked at him then looked away with a knowing smile, it had not gone unnoticed by Heather.
“Frank! Please come away from it!”
“But look at it Heather, the workmanship, it’s beautiful!” his hand was now reaching tentatively up to touch the face of it. Wizzo shouted.
“Don’t touch it Sir! It will send you to your bed in agony for at least two weeks!” Frank withdrew his hand quickly;
“Like everything here it is protected, in the case of the time piece it was protected by those who fashioned it, with great skill I might add,” Franks eyes were now searching across the face of it and being totally intrigued his hand was again reaching out to touch it
“It’s gold, the whole face of it is beaten gold!” Heather knowing just how inquisitive her husband was and how at times he could be a very stubborn man called out to stop him.
“Frank! Please come away from it, you’ll get hurt,” he reluctantly stepped back from the timepiece.
“I must apologize Sir, I’m quite overcome with it --- can you tell me just one thing and then I will ask no more?” Wizzo smiled as if in acknowledgement. “How old is it?”
“The timepiece is over six thousand years old Sir, it was made by the Atlantean’s;” Frank was about to open his mouth to ask another question.
“Frank! Mr. Burn Bright has already told you more than he wishes you to know. He also knows that when you go along to your next meeting you will be telling everybody about something that you should not be telling them, remember we are guests here and have already received a great gift from this gentleman.” Wizzo beckoned Frank over.
“Come Sir, a glass of rare portage to settle your extreme enthusiasm, which I find somewhat of a delight, but since I know that you being a member of the most prestigious Archaeological society, and that all discoveries must be proved, I know that the knowledge of the clock will be safe in your hands.” He turned to Alice, “Alice would you care to do the honors for everyone. When they all had a glass in their hands Frank proposed a toast.
“To every ones good health and I do most humbly apologize Sir --- my enthusiasm did indeed get the better of me--- no offence meant.”
“And none taken Sir,” Wizzo looked over to see how the quills were progressing, they were writing furiously and there was by now two new stacks of completed script. It would take at least another two hours or so and knowing that Frank was so full of questions and was nearly bursting to ask them he decided to enlighten him.
“You wish to know about the Atlantean’s Frank?”
“Indeed I do Sir, if you don’t mind?”
“Well it’s part of our history and I see no harm in it.” Wizzo proceeded to tell him that after thousands of years of wars, power struggles and corruption it was found that the only way to live was in peace and harmony and to love each other. It was a long process but in the end they became truly enlightened. Wizzo told him how they lived and why their time had come to an end.
“But where did they live, there’s no trace of them?” Asked Frank.
“People often wonder how it was that Noah built such a thing as the ark, he was an Atlantean, and it was not beyond their capabilities at that time. They lived were the Mediterranean Sea is now. Besides there being a great flood, what is not recorded is that some time later there was a great earthquake and the land that they had lived on sank far below the sea. ---- Sometime in the future they will discover that that’s where most of the water went after the great flood.”
“So Noah’s family was the only human beings to survive,” asked Frank.
“Oh no, there were many others that survived in many different places but none with the abilities of the Atlantean’s, --- you will find references to them in Greek literature.”
“In Greece you say?”
“The old Greek scholars made mention of them.”
“I can’t remember any reference to that within the society.”
“It has yet to be discovered,” said Wizzo with a shrug of his shoulders, he casually glanced over at the table; the quills had been much quicker than anticipated and had nearly finished their work.
“You have much to offer sir --- in the way of historical events, couldn’t you speak about such things to the society?” Wizzo turned to him.
“Why don’t you tell them Frank, you now have some idea as to what can or cannot be said?” Frank looked at him.
“It’s strange to think that there are people such as yourself with so much of what we deem to think of as important knowledge but it can’t be released.”
“It will be in time Frank, all in good time. The human race as it is aptly called, is exactly that. All these things are a controlling factor so that we don’t go headlong to our own destruction. It may seem to you to be rather insignificant at the time but all these things have their right and proper place.” He turned and looked at the table again and watched as the Quills finished their work, he thanked them and put them away, then picking up all of Heather’s documents including the copies he rearranged the packing of them, placing them carefully back in the chest and closing it.
“They are all now in order of age Heather. I would suggest Sir, that if you wish to tell your friends about your newfound knowledge of the history of the Atlantean’s, you might well put it to them as if it were but a theory of yours, later of course to be proved correct.”
“A splendid idea Sir, I will certainly take your advice on the matter,” he held up his glass, “this is excellent Portage Sir, may I ask where you acquired it?”
“I have a small amount of it in the cellars at my other residence; it was there when I took over the residency.”
“So one cannot purchase this nectar of the gods?”
“Not to my knowledge Sir. Wizzo saluted him with his glass then went over to the window. The snow was now three or four inches deep, the friendly wind that had accompanied it, swirled it around in a playful way, branches of the oak trees because of their rough texture were now covered in snow, he found Philip standing next to him.
“I had no idea it was going to get this bad, it would take us two, maybe three hours to get back to London in this.”
“Probably more and it’s going to get a lot heavier by the look of those clouds and they’re heading towards London” said Wizzo, “I think you had better set off now before it gets any worse, I’ll go down to the village and tell your man to bring your carriage.”
“I’d be most grateful if you would Sir.” Wizzo was soon down at the inn. He was pleased to see that the horses were still in harness, had feed bags strapped to their heads and they had their horse blankets over them to keep out the cold.
 As soon as he informed the good fellow of his master's decision he left his half-finished tankard of ale, went out and removed the feed bags and blankets, stowing them in the trunk at the rear of the coach they set of at a brisk pace up the hill. 
On reaching the gate Wizzo told him to wait there as he would bring them down, the fellow looked up the dirt road and seeing no sign of any dwelling looked at Wizzo not with disrespect but at the same time thinking that this old fellow had lost his sensibility. Wizzo climbed down.
“It’s alright my good fellow we shan’t be long,” he made the pretext of opening the gates and then making his way towards the largest of the oak trees went behind it and was soon back at the Cottage, Frank and Heather were waiting inside ready to leave. On saying their good byes to every one Wizzo shrunk the chest and then wrapping his cloak around them they soon appeared from behind a large oak tree and walked over to the gates. 
When they were installed safely in their carriage with Heather’s precious chest on the seat in front of them, Wizzo put his head in the window and looking at both of them said.
“I’ll follow your progress home in case of any mishaps, if my attention is drawn elsewhere and you find yourselves in difficulty please call out the name Wizzo and I will come to your aid. He stepped back from the carriage, “I bid you a safe journey, drive on good fellow.” He watched as they turned the corner out on to the road, he would come out in an hour’s time to see how they were progressing. 
Making ones way on these narrow country roads and in these conditions was always a problem, sometimes another coach or a heavy laden wagon would come in the opposite direction, somebody would have to give way, both parties being reluctant to do so. If it was a farmer a few coins would see you on your way, but a coach carrying passengers and being by far the larger of the two and the driver being under instructions not to move aside for anybody or anything, it was you who would find yourself bogged down and out in the cold up to your knees in snow more often than not trying to push your carriage out. Normally people helped each other when this happened, but of course there were always those that would laugh at your misfortune and go on their way. An hour later Wizzo was still outside the gates with his cloak wrapped tightly around him to keep out the cold, he had removed his hood half expecting to hear Heather’s voice instead it was Archie’s voice urgently calling out to him; he quickly replaced his hood.

CHAPTER 19

Ya canny mon;” Archie exclaimed when on turning round found Wizzo standing behind him, “ya canny indeed ya are,” he’s up there with Mary, you’d best away before he harms the wee lass!” Wizzo left immediately, keeping his cloak tightly about him so as the Sorcerer would not suspect that he was there. On his arrival he listened outside the door, the sorcerer was attempting to mesmerize Mary and was having some difficulty due to Wizzo’s influence on her, he was asking her who it was that came there, Mary kept her eyes averted from him and just kept saying Wizzo, 
“A Wizard you say?”
“No his names Wizzo,” Mary was quite emphatic about that, the Sorcerer didn’t know this name, he knew of most Wizards, Sorcerers and Witches, he had made it his business to know, but a Wizard with a silly name like Wizzo; no there was something strange about all of this. 
With all his concentration being on Mary he still had his back to the door. Wizzo appeared silently a short distance behind the short dumpy Sorcerer and touched him on the shoulder with his staff. 
The man spun round, his heavy staff coming with him, at the same time his hand diving inside his cloak and coming out with a fire ball that he tried to throw in Wizzo’s direction, instead with Wizzo being so close the fire ball bounced off his protective cloak and landed on the bottom of his own cloak. The Sorcerer knew that he was defeated, it would take an incantation to put out the fire and he knew that while he was doing that this powerful Wizard would put a spell on him. 
With fear in his eyes and flames coming from his cloak he ran for the door as fast as his chubby little legs would carry him. He made it safely outside and slipped over in the snow, Wizzo could hear him rolling about, muttering incantations trying his best to put out the fire. Wizzo casually went over to the door and watched as the Sorcerer trying to stand up tripped over the remnants of his cloak and then using his hands as paddles slid down the hill on his back side.
Now knowing that this Sorcerer couldn’t fly and was also unable to transfer his body from one place to another, Wizzo thought that maybe these were the reasons that he needed to catch a Fairy. He knew that he would have to put a stop to this, he had no choice in the matter. Fairies could do many things for themselves, but to harm another or to takeaway something that belonged to another, this they would not do even if it meant their own demise so it was left to people like Wizzo to protect them,. He went back inside, Mary was still sitting by the fire with Fur Ball in her lap. 
“I see that you and Fur Ball are well Mary.”
“I’m well Wizzo, that wee gentleman didn’t seem to like ya at all, and what caused his cloak to be set on fire?”
“Probably a spark from the fire Mary, anyway he’s gone now and I don’t think he’ll return, I’m sorry I can’t stay, but I’ll be back in the late spring as promised.” 
“I’ll be looking forward to that Wizzo.”
“Is Archie taking good care of you?”
“I could’na wish for better, he tells me so many wee things that I don’t seem to know about, was I ill when you found me --- Archie seems to think so?”
“Indeed you were Mary; you had spent too much of your time looking after others and not after yourself.”
“Thank ya for looking after me and if I can someday repay ya in some way, you have only to ask.” He went over and lifted up the flagstone where she kept her coins, there were only two silver pieces and a few copper coins left, he threw two gold ones in, Mary was watching him.
“You have nay need to do that, some of the people in the town already owe me for ma services, I expect they’ll pay me in food of one kind or another,” Wizzo smiled at her. 
“A little extra won’t hurt Mary, now I really must be on my way.” Closing Archie’s now strong door behind him he went in search of the Sorcerer. 
On his arrival on the jetty he found the ship was already making its way out of the dock and into the open sea. He watched to make sure in which direction it went, once out to sea it swung to starboard, this would take it out and down the coast of Scotland. He thought that the Sorcerer must have been paying the captain a handsome sum for him to be going that way. Rough seas, and should they get into difficulty not much shipping if any at all on this side of England. It made little difference to Wizzo, he could have gone out to the ship and looked at the charts that the captain would be studying at this time. He looked around, there were shutters half-open, he could sense the eyes watching him. Knowing this he thought that he’d better walk through the snow around too Archie’s, he didn’t want to many stories going around that could possibly bring harm to Mary or maybe even Archie. 
He found Archie standing out on the roadway dressed for war, his sword in one hand, his shield in the other and an extra dirk thrust into his other sock, on seeing Wizzo he exclaimed.
“Are ya all right Mon?”
“He’s gone Archie, and he won’t be back, I’ll make sure of that.”
“Did he harm wee Mary?”
“No Archie, I managed to get there in time,” Archie laughed.
“What did ya do to the fellow; I saw him sliding down the hill in a cloud of smoke?”
“He had an accident with the fireball that he tried to throw at me, he set himself alight with it,” Archie roared with laughter.
“I should have been there to see such a sight mon, what will you do now?”
“I’ll follow him Archie, I have a feeling that this isn’t the only place where he was trying to catch a Fairy.
“Have ya a mind where he’s off to?”
“Not yet Archie, I’ll know soon enough, he won’t be going anywhere without me knowing about it,” Wizzo held out his hand to the big Scotsman, “I thank you for your vigilance my friend and I’ll see you again in the late spring.”
“Ay all things being well” remarked Archie. 
Wizzo soon found himself back at the Cottage. He hadn’t heard Heather calling to him so he assumed that they had reached home safely. It had been a long but a good day, he was now almost certain that the Sorcerer such as he was would not give him too much trouble, the next time they met he wouldn’t need to be so cautious. 
He was tired, so bidding them all a good night he went off to his bed.
The next morning on opening the curtains he found that the sun was already up and the sky was ice blue, the snow had started to melt from the oak trees, he decided not to take High Hopes because it would be too much for the old fellow. As he groomed his beard he remembered the Sorcerer, the man had tried to grow himself a beard but due to the large pockmarks all over his podgy face it was just a straggly mess full of holes. 
Wizzo, having finished his grooming tucked his beard inside his waistcoat and he wondered just how long the Sorcerer had been trying to catch a Fairy, he was most certainly obsessed with the idea. He would go out tonight and find out in which direction he was going. He had it in his mind that the ship was heading towards Germany or in that general direction and ships with their lanterns glowing were easier to find at night. 
Ongoing down stairs he found them all eating their breakfast, the first thing that he had to do was to find a wet nurse for little Angel as he called her. Alice bought him a bowl of gruel, he was hungry, and so it soon disappeared. He told them what his plans were for the day, a wet nurse to give Sophie some relief, beds, blankets and pillows for the children at the workhouse. 
He didn’t tell them about what had happened in Scotland because he didn’t want to frighten them all in anyway. 
Alice asked him if Heather’s party had made it safely home, he told her that as far as he knew they had. He asked Alice about the wet nurse at the workhouse and he decided to look for one that was closer. He left them then and went in search of a wet nurse down in the village. He found a man clearing the snow from outside the inn and asked him if he knew of such a lady who would be willing to take on the task of a wet nurse.
“There’s Gladys, she lost er little one;” the man pointed down the road counting the Cottages.
“From this one er sir;” he pointed to the Cottage opposite, “it’s the ninth one if I’m not mistaken;” Wizzo gave the man a copper coin for his troubles and then made his way down the road to the ninth Cottage. 
He knocked on the door, it was opened by a young lady of about eighteen years of age. She had a pleasant round face, long mousy almost blond hair and beautiful large honest blue eyes. Wizzo assumed that she had still been in her bed when he knocked because she was hastily doing up the cords on the front of her dress. She was having some difficulty with this due to her breasts being full of milk and were now so large that the cords having previously snapped were now not long enough to tie. To make matters worse she had large cabbage leaves over her breasts to stop the milk from staining the front of it.
“I must apologize for calling on you at this early hour but would you by chance be Gladys?”
“That’s me name Sir, how can I help ya?”
“I’ve taken into my care a young lady and she at this time is unable to produce enough milk to feed the child that she has just had. I was wondering if you would be so kind as to help us in this matter. I would gladly pay you for your services and of course I would bring the young lady here to you at around nine o’clock each morning, if that would be convenient?”
“I got me work up at the inn Sir, I starts there at nine,” he liked the look of the girl so he persevered. 
“Should I bring her earlier then, shall we say eight in the mornings?” the young girl thought about this for a moment, 
“I’ll just be a minute Sir;” she went back inside and Wizzo could hear her talking to someone, a few minutes later a young fellow, followed by Gladys came to the door, the young man looked Wizzo up and down. Gladys introduced him.
“This is me usband Bill.” Wizzo extended his hand. 
“Mr. Burn Bright, Bill, I live just up the hill and I was hoping that your good lady might assist us.
“I have to ask ya Sir as to ow much you’d be payin my Gladys for er services?”
“Whatever you think is a reasonable sum; I have no experience in these matters and would trust to your good judgment concerning such a thing.” The young man turned to Gladys.
“What do ya think Gladys?”
“Would it just one feed a day Sir?” she asked.
“That would be adequate I think under the circumstances.” Wizzo knew what the young man was thinking, his Gladys needed to get rid of her milk and this gentleman was willing to pay for it, there again he couldn’t ask too much because he knew of at least one other lady in the village who had the same problem as his wife, two copper coins a day would be good as it would mean an extra fourteen a week, but could he ask for that much without this gentleman walking away. Wizzo decided to settle the problem. 
“I would be prepared to pay three copper coins for each good feeding;” the young man thrust out his hand and forcibly took hold of Wizzo’s hand and shook it firmly.
“We’ll return tomorrow morning then at eight, we may have to change the times on occasions but if this happens I will notify you and we can perhaps work out some other mutual convenient time. I thank you both and bid you good day.” As he walked away he could hear them jumping up and down with joy at the thought of getting all that extra monies, Wizzo passed the man still clearing the snow.
“Was everything all right Sir?”
“Indeed it is my good man, the arrangement suits both parties admirably and I thank you again for your information,” the man politely touched his hat.
“Glad to be of service to ya Sir!” Wizzo went down the side of the inn and as soon as he was out of sight he was soon back telling Sophie about the arrangements he had made, she clearly showing her relief at the prospects of somebody else feeding her little one.
“Come then Alice we’d best be off and see if we can’t find some decent beds for those children, we’d best take plenty of fruit with us as I’ve no doubt that they will all be hungry, children it seems always are.” Alice put on her coat bonnet and scarf and they were soon on their way to Mr. Bones to see about some beds.
Mr. Bones was unloading his wagon that as usual was piled high with all manner of things that he had purchased. 
“Good morning Mr. Bones;” we’ve come to sort out some beds for the children at the workhouse, how is your good lady, in the best of health I hope?” Mr. Bones turned and called out to his wife.
“Mrs. Bones there’s Mr. Burn Bright to see ya,” Mr. Bones turned back and grinned at Wizzo not quite sure whether to say anything or not but by the look on his face he was excited about something. 
Mrs. Bones appeared. She had lost all of forty or fifty pounds in weight, as soon as Wizzo saw her he applauded her by clapping his hands together.
“Is that you Mrs. Bones?” He said with some amazement.
“Indeed it is Sir,” she curtsied to him in a most regal manner and it was not in jest.
“I don’t know what ya did or ow ya did it Sir, but whatever it is ya need it’s yours for the taking and delivered to, ain’t that right Mr. Bones?”
“Yes dear, whatever ya say dear.”
“Well Mrs. Bones I certainly didn’t expect to see such a dramatic change, you look absolutely radiant!”
“All fanks to you Sir, you got healing ands you ave, and you got rid of me miseries ya did, were much obliged to ya we are, ain’t we Mr. Bones?” Mr. Bones came up behind her and slapped her on the backside in a play full manner but at the same time making sure that he was well out of her reach afterwards.
“Ohh! Mr. Bones, there’s ladies present; e’s taking advantage of me e is Sir” she said playfully.
“I hope he’s taking full advantage of you Mrs. Bones” said Alice laughing. Mr. Bones decided to take the conversation in a different direction for he himself was getting a little embarrassed now.
“Well what can we do ya for Sir, beds if I remember rightly and as the lovely Mrs. Bones said to you Sir, no charge! --- Not even a penny or a farthing will we accept.”
“How many beds do you think will fit into that room Alice, comfortably I mean?” Alice thought for a few moments.
“About twelve I think Wizzo, which would leave enough space in between each one so as not to be too cramped.”
“Twelve Sir.” 
“Then twelve it is, I’ve already sorted out about that many so this shouldn’t take too long, and what about mattresses, blankets, pillows and such?” Wizzo looked at Alice for confirmation.
“All of those too Mr. Bones if that’s all right?” she said.
“All right! Of course it’s all right dear lady, you may ave whatever ya little art desires, let’s get to it Mrs. Bones;” off went the two of them, one this way and the other that way.
“What did you do for her Wizzo?”
She had milk fever and her kidneys were failing, it seems that I was able to fix them up for her. It puzzles me sometimes that I’m able to do it for some and not for others, but there again those that have the knowing of it control all these things and even I; knowing what I do; still think in human terms regarding them.”
“How do you mean, in human terms?” Alice who was making a great effort to speak correctly was clearly mystified.
“Take a human being for example. Every day has a start and a finish ---- every year has a beginning and an end.” Wizzo was now unconsciously stroking his beard. “The start and the end of a race, the start of a meal and the finish of it, everything that we associate our lives with has a start and a finish or a beginning and an end. So when we think about something we simply don’t understand, or it’s too enormous for us to comprehend, we look and relate to it in human terms so that our thoughts and minds can then associate with it. That’s why the universe cannot be thought of in human terms because it goes on forever and ever and because you can't make something out of nothing, it had no beginning and has no ending and because of this we humans find it difficult to comprehend the universe, or God for that matter. Another example is that we think that this earth that we live on is in the center of the universe, this of course is a total misconception.” Wizzo shrugged his shoulders. “We’re just somewhere in it, but because we think in terms of beginnings and ends most people think that somewhere out there it must come to an end, but of course it never ever does;” Alice looked up to the sky.
“You mean it never ends, but it must end somewhere?” Wizzo smiled at her and shook his head. 
“Take my word for it Alice, it never ever ends. You see you’re thinking about it all in human terms, I still make that same mistake sometimes and have to correct myself.”
“I’ve talked about this with others Wizzo and we all agreed that it all must have had a beginning, so that being the case, it must have an end!” Wizzo knew that he would never be able to make Alice understand.
“But it must Wizzo! It makes sense doesn’t it?”
 “In human terms it makes sense Alice, and human beings like to make sense of everything whether it makes sense or not,” Alice laughed.
“You have a great burden to carry Wizzo with all this knowledge that you have and having to put up with silly people like myself.”
“You’re not silly Alice, you simply think in human terms about everything and nobody has ever pointed out to you that to see the bigger picture, be it about the universe, or spiritual. To really understand it you must think of it in another way. Now then, let’s go and see Mr. Bones and see how he’s getting on.” 
The beds were soon sorted out and loaded on the cart. Mrs. Bones who was now able to move much faster than before was making sure that there were three blankets for each bed and four good plump feather pillows. Wizzo after pressing a sovereign into his hand told Mr. Bones where he wanted them delivered and that they would meet him there, Mr. Bones tried to give the coin back to him saying.
“It ain’t necessary Sir, honest it ain’t, an if the miss's finds out she’ll kill me she will!”
“It’s for you and your wife Mr. Bones, there’s an inn just down the road and as I understand it they serve the best ale and the finest meal, take her out tonight Sir, you’ll not regret it I promise you,” Mr. Bones looked at the coin in his hand.
“You’re a gent you are Sir, a proper gent!”
“We bid you both a good day,” they waved to Mrs. Bones who was now hurrying from the shed carrying something; she called out to them. 
“I got sumfing for ya Alice,” she came over and handed Alice a fine red velvet gown.
“For you love, that’s for the next time e takes ya out on the town.”
“Why thank you Mrs. Bones,” Alice held it up against herself, “it’s beautiful!”
“It looks about your size love, I ope it fits?”
“If it doesn’t I’ll alter it and make it to fit.”
“You a bit of a seamstress are ya love?”
“I’m a good seamstress Mrs. Bones, all them garments that came from er before have been made to fit,” Alice looked at Wizzo with a smile, “except maybe Pee Wee. Do ya remember the child’s fur coat Mr. Bones? Pee Wee got me to take the lining out, and then turned it inside out so that the fur was on the inside, he likes to feel it against his skin, it’s about five times too big for him, but e loves it.” Alice burst out laughing. “I think e wants to look like you Wizzo. She laughed again. “E wanted to know what appened to the hood and was most disappointed when I told im that it didn’t ave one. Alice without realizing it had reverted back to her old self while talking to Mrs. Bones.
“I remember that one, just you ang on a minuet love. Mrs. Bones hurried back to the shed and disappeared back inside, a few minutes later she came back out carrying another fur coat that was old and torn, she gave it to Alice. Alice held it up to inspect it.
“I can make the hood out of this part Mrs. Bones, it’s a different fur but that won’t matter to Peewee, ell just love it, I know e will.”
“We thank you both’ said Wizzo and then added “Look after this beautiful generous lady of yours Mr. Bones.” After a bit of bowing and curtsying Wizzo and Alice made their way out side and soon found themselves at the workhouse. 
Making their way down to the children’s room they realized that Heather and her husband must have been here, it had all been cleaned out. Ceilings, walls and floors had all been cleaned and painted with white wash, the big fellow was in the process of putting a small table at the end of the room, and he turned when he heard their footsteps.
“Allo Alice, there’s been a right kafuffle on er. Is Lord Ship an is lady walked right in they did, straight down er they came, then strait back to the office they went. Bangin on the door they was, I aint never seen nofing like it, you ad somfing to do wiv this I’m guessing?” Alice smiled at him.
“And what if we did.”
“Good on ya Alice, they told the old witch that there was some beds arriving and they weren’t to be used for nobody but the children.” He now looked from Alice to Wizzo as if to confirm his thoughts on the matter. Wizzo spoke.
“They’ll be arriving in about two hours. Beds, blankets and pillows my good man; you can throw all that other flea-ridden stuff out that’s in the hallway.”
“I’ll ave to ask about that sir, knowing them they might find other uses for’ em, I only do what I’m told see, that ways I keeps me job.”
“As long as they’re not used for the children you can do what you like with them, ---- where are the children?
“Some’s working, and thems that’s too little are up with Agnes, I’ll take ya up their Sir, if ya like.”
“Lead the way my good fellow, by the way what’s your name?”
“Affurs me name Sir.”
“Arthur, the name of kings, full of pomp, a goodly name indeed.” Arthur walked past them, as he did so he looked at Alice but nodded in Wizzo’s direction as if to say, is he all right, a bit strange maybe. They followed him up to the next floor and then down another corridor and found Agnes trying to get the little ones off for their afternoon nap; she was relieved to see Alice.
“I can’t get’um off to sleep, the little buggers just won't settle down, ow’ed ya do it Alice?”
“Sing them a lullaby Agnes; they’ll drop off soon enough.”
“I don’t know no lullaby’s Alice!”
“I’ll sing them one now Agnes, but if you ask Tommy, he knows all the lullaby’s to get them off to sleep.” Alice picked up the one that was making the loudest noise and then rocking it in her arms started to sing. 
“When the moon peeps through the window, and the night lights in the sky twinkle on. Slumber time slumber time for little children comes along. When the girl meets in the darkness with er lover and the night owl sings its song. Slumber time slumber time for little children comes along. When the candles are lit, and the street lamps come alive, its slumber time, slumber time for little children. Alice had a good voice, it was as if somebody was going round switching of each child one at a time until they were all curled up fast asleep. With some reservation and a show of reluctance Alice put the one she was holding back down onto the straw mattress.
“There you are Agnes” she whispered, “it’s easy and Tommy knows all the songs that we sing to them and all the stories we tell, --- you just make them up as you go along.” Alice looked affectionately at the children. “They don’t mind Agnes, they just like somebody to talk to them in a kind way that’s all.”
“Everything seems to be going well here Alice, did you want to see Tommy.
“I wouldn’t mind Wizzo, just to see how he’s getting on. He took out some apples from his cloak and placed them on the floor.
“These are for the little ones, and there’s one for yourself, where would Tommy be at this time Arthur?”
“Follow me, I’d best go along with ya ta make sure Alice ere don’t get up to no more mischief;” he said this smiling at Alice. He took them to where Tommy was hard at work making sacks under the supervision of the old witch as she was called; when they went in she came over to them.
“You got permission from the office to be er Alice, cause if you aint you’d best be on your way;” she had placed her formidable size in their way.
“Stand aside woman or you will find yourself out on the streets, be off with you!” said Wizzo with some authority, he leaned forward and whispered in her ear, “we have friends in high places, be aware of it Madam” the woman’s face went quite red, and she stood aside.
“There he is!” Alice made her way over to Tommy, the old witch made as if to follow her.
“Stay where you are Madam, your insolence will not be tolerated for much longer!” If looks could kill Wizzo would have dropped dead, instead showing his contempt he ignored her. Alice spent some time with Tommy and at the same time acknowledged others in the room. Alice came back over to him and made a point of putting her nose up in the air as she passed the old witch, who was by now boiling over. Alice took Wizzo’s arm as they walked out of the room. Wizzo stopped at the door and turned round, the old witch was staring at him, he stared back, after a short time she tried to avert her eyes but couldn’t, a look of fear started to appear on her face, nobody else knew or could see what was happening. Wizzo was changing his shape before her eyes to that of a snarling vicious wolf with saliva dripping from his sharp fanged mouth, its eyes were a menacing bright red, it growled and spoke to her.
“Beware woman or your time will come to an end!” Wizzo turned and taking the arm of Alice he calmly walked out as if nothing had happened, the old witch was shaking from head to toe and had turned the colour of snow.
“Do you think that you can get into that gown?” he said to Alice who was still carrying it over her arm.
“I can try Wizzo.”
“If we go up to the Court House perhaps Heather has a room that you could use.” The courthouse was only a short distance away and Heather was extremely pleased to see them and allowed Alice to change in her office. The courthouse waiting room was full so he waited in the hallway that separated her office from the courtroom. It didn’t take Alice long to change and it took Wizzo’s old breath away when she majestically appeared. As they passed through the waiting room the four gentlemen who were waiting to be attended to stood up as if in the presents of royalty and watched as she seemingly floated past. She acknowledging each of them in turn and the two ladies that were with them.
“Shall we precede kind Sir;” she said smiling mischievously up at him?  
“Indeed we shall dear lady,” on reaching the sidewalk he hailed a Hackney cab and helping her into it as any gentleman would, he instructed the cabby to take them with all haste to the tea rooms in Hyde Park which was some distance away. Alice placed her hand on his arm squeezing it gently. She felt a great affection for him and had done so even before she became aware of what he really was. Age didn’t matter to her, after all her father had been thirty years older than her mother and they had been wondrously happy, her husband had been much older than she was and had treated her with the greatest respect and affection. They had no children and that was the reason she made such a fuss over everybody else’s. She glanced again at this wise man’s face who sat so proudly beside her and wondered if she had made a terrible mistake in asking him to share her bed. Wizzo could hear her strong thoughts and placed his hand gently on hers, but didn’t say anything. He always felt at his ease with Alice, being that she was such a thoughtful person and thoughtful people do not press themselves on others nor do they try to control or dominate others in anyway and he appreciated that. 
They passed along the streets of London, many turned to look and wonder who the lady was and assumed that the two of them must be going to an early performance at the Theatre for they did indeed look the part. On their arrival at the tearooms he asked the cabby to wait, this enabled Alice to leave her other garment with him. They were then shown to the best seats. 
All the other ladies had bonnets on, this being the fashion of the day, the one she had been wearing didn’t match her new red dress so Alice of course wasn’t wearing it. This caused some comment among the ladies behind their fluttering fans, Alice posed for them and flicked her long dark lustrous hair in a casual manner, which Wizzo enjoyed tremendously, then the waiter came over and became a part of this theatrical scene.
“Buttered muffins with plenty of strawberry jam, my good fellow.” Said Wizzo with a flourish, and then just as the waiter was about to turn and walk away, Wizzo raised his hand. “Two glasses of your best Madera and if it’s not over fifty years old you have no need to serve it for it would indeed be an insult to my ladies delicate palate.” The waiter looked concerned over this last order.
“I’ll see what we ave Sir.”
“Thank you;” said Wizzo. Alice couldn’t help but put her hand up to conceal the cheeky smile that she now unavoidably wore. She knew that Wizzo by the look of him was having some fun and it was because of her that he was having it. Somehow he looked a lot younger. In fact she and Sophie had noticed that over the past few weeks since he had taken Athermine and her mother back to Scotland he had begun to look younger for some strange reason. Perhaps they were getting used to him and he had become more acceptable, she didn’t quite know why, she looked at him again, he defiantly looks younger.
“Do I Alice?” he said.
“Do you what Wizzo?”
“Look younger Alice!”
“Oh dear, she said, I forgot that you could read my thoughts.”
“Well, do I or don’t I not look younger?” Alice nodded her head.
“I think so Wizzo, even Sophie’s said so.”
“It’s the Fairies Alice, I had them trapped inside my cloak for all that time, to stop them flying away to goodness knows where. Shealther and I wondered what would happen, and what with them both being so weak after it all. Younger a.” Wizzo stroked his beard. “Handsome too I’ve no doubt?” He looked at Alice for some confirmation, she couldn’t help but smile at this small show of conceit, she knew that it wasn’t like Wizzo to even trouble himself over such things, she watched as he relaxed back in his chair. 
“Fool that I am, what do I care if I look older or younger Alice. If I wanted to look young for you or anybody else I would simply do so,” the muffins arrived just in time to stop him becoming embarrassed by his own conversation, Wizzo glad to see the waiter asked about the Madera.
“I’m sorry Sir but the oldest Madera we have is but thirty years old.”
“Is it still in the cask my good fellow?”
“Indeed it is, and might I add Sir that it has been kept under ideal conditions in our cellars.
“Then when we have finished our tea and muffins, you may serve it.”
“Will that be all Sir?”
“Yea thank you;” Wizzo pressed two copper coins into the man’s hand, Alice was reaching out for the tea pot, Wizzo put his hand to his mouth and coughed politely, so instead of grasping it she put her hand against it as if to see if it was hot enough. A serving girl came over and placed a hot muffin on each of their highly decorative china plates.
“How do you like your tea madam?” she asked.
“A little milk with but one teaspoon of sugar thank you,” after the maid had elegantly completed that task Alice stirred her tea in a most delicate manner while the girl asked Wizzo how he would like his poured.
“Very little milk and as strong as possible, I like to be able to stand my spoon up in it, as it were,” the young girl smiled at him, putting the pot down on the table she took off the lid and stirred up the tea.
“Is that strong enough Sir?” she remarked as she with great finesse poured out the finest cup of good strong tea he had seen for a long time.
“Excellent, thank you,” he picked up the cup and made a toast to Alice.
“Long life and happiness Alice;” she returned the gesture, she was enjoying every minute of his pleasure.
“Do you come here all the time Wizzo?”
“On a Wizards pay Alice, indeed not, but I must say it’s all rather fine isn’t it, anyway we have earned it and we should do it more often, don’t you think?”
“If it is to your liking Wizzo,” she answered politely.
“It is to my liking Alice.” There was some kind of altercation happening on the other side of the room, they could hear raised voices. He looked over, and to his surprise saw young Master Richards the grandson of Lord Goodall facing a young fellow in an officer's uniform.
“Excuse me Alice I see a friend in trouble.” As he hurriedly made his way between the tables he sized the situation up, when he arrived he deliberately turned his back on the offending officer and spoke to Richard
“Richard my dear fellow it’s so good to see you, how is your Grandfather, Lord Bathmore?” Richard didn’t quite know what to do so said hesitantly.
“He is well Sir;” Wizzo looked at the beautiful nervous flushing young lady sat at the table.
“Please Introduce an old man to this most charming young lady Richard;” you could have heard a pin drop, everybody in the room was discreetly watching, because a challenge concerning honor had already been made.
“Stand aside Sir, my honor is in dispute!” Wizzo slowly turned round to face him and at the same time took a step towards him putting his face about an inch from his. The young officer's face became arrogant but slowly turned to surprise and then he didn’t know quite what to do. Wizzo spoke to him sternly like a superior officer would have done.
“I suggest that you pay for the young ladies dress immediately or it will not be the wrath of Master Richard that you incur Sir! It will be mine!” In the eyes of the young officer the person that now stood before him was a General in full dress uniform. 
“Yes Sir, immediately Sir, my apologies Sir!” the panicking young officer fumbling like a child pulled from his pocket a purse and emptied the contents on the table, “that’s all I have at this time Sir.”
“It will do; report back to your regiment immediately lieutenant and get the scabbard of your sword seen to, it’s a disgrace.” 
“Return to my regiment Sir?”
“Yes your regiment Sir, immediately! Are you deaf?”
“No Sir!” The young first lieutenant saluted Wizzo and smartly removed himself from the premises. He was followed by his mystified friend. This was because he hadn’t seen Wizzo as a superior officer, all he had seen was an old man whose beard was sticking out of his old waistcoat, but he followed his friend obediently knowing that there would be some plausible explanation. Wizzo watched them leave and then turned his attention back to Richard.
“Now then Richard I believe you were going to introduce me to this most charming young lady.” 
“Oh, Oh yes indeed Sir, Mr. Burn Bright my I introduce Miss Annabel Wilkes.”
“It’s a pleasure to meet you Annabel, I sincerely hope that the rest of your day is a pleasant and uneventful one. I’ll not take up any more of your time as I myself am with a lady and if I’m not careful somebody will come along and snatch her away, so I bid you both a good day and Richard would you please give my regards to Lord and Lady Bathmore.”
“I will Sir,” the young lady stood up. 
“And I bid you a good day to Sir,” she said this with sincerity, and then added, “Thank you so much.”
“It was my pleasure Annabel” Wizzo bowed and made his way back to Alice. He could feel every eye upon him, some were themselves officers both in and out of uniform, they wondered who this old gentleman was with his black cloak sweeping the floor, although none dared to challenge him, he sat down rubbing his hands together.
“Now then Alice maybe we can finish our Muffins and tea in peace.” The matra-de was the next interruption.
“Please except our apology for the disturbance Sir, --- most regrettable, the officer was entirely at fault!”
“Just a young stag showing his horns, no more to it than that my good fellow;” replied Wizzo.
“Then the matter of honor has been settled, the reason I ask Sir is that the Officer in question and his friend are pacing around outside and don’t look to be going anywhere.” Wizzo saw that Richard and the young lady were about to leave, so he stood up and beckoned them over.
“Would you and your young lady be so kind as to join us Richard?”
“Of course, it would be a pleasure Sir;” the Waiter assisted them to their seats.
“Some Madera perhaps Richard?” asked Wizzo.
“Indeed Sir.”
“And what is your pleasure Annabel?”
“I think perhaps a small glass would at this time be permitted after the current events Sir;” she looked at Richard for his approval; he placed his hand on hers.
“Whatever you wish Annabel;” Wizzo nodded at the waiter.
When the waiter had gone, Wizzo asked about Mr. Parker’s leg, this was just to make conversation while he thought of what to do. 
He could go outside and confront the fellow again, the trouble was that he had seen Wizzo as a General in full dress uniform whereas the other fellow with him had not. He couldn’t tell Richard that the fellow was outside waiting for him, because during the confrontation he had seen the look on his face and for this young lady he would fight the devil himself. Wizzo knew that the fellow outside was the best in his regiment with a sword, there was nothing else for it, he would have to teach the fellow a lesson that he wouldn’t forget. The waiter came back with the Madera; Wizzo chose this moment to politely excuse himself.
“I’ll be back in a moment, with that he went outside and walking strait up to the two of them asked the second lieutenant for his sword.
“May I borrow your sword for a moment Sir, the two officers looked at each other, and then the one who had started it in the first place said.
“My argument is not with you Sir!”
“I’m afraid you are mistaken Sir!” Wizzo replied in a forceful manner, he then turned to the other officer. “Your sword Sir if I may;” Wizzo held out his hand. “Come Sir let us not dally, I have a fine Madera waiting for me inside, your sword Sir!” The young officer didn’t want to give Wizzo his sword for he knew the skill of his friend. The cocky offender stepped forward shrugging his shoulders.
“Give me your sword Alex!” Alex pulled the sword from its scabbard and handed it to his friend hilt first, then looking concerned he stepped back out of the way, but as he did so he said.
“You have no second Sir.” 
“I need none Sir, this will last but a few moments,” Wizzo held out his hand to receive the sword, it was handed to him hilt first. Wizzo took three paces back and with a smile on his face remarked.
“First one to draw blood I believe is the custom is it not Sir!”
“As you wish Sir!” The arrogant officer replied and at the same time his sword viciously sliced through the air.
“Heavy clumsy things aren’t they;” said Wizzo as he stepped back slashing the air with his sword; the young arrogant officer spoke to Wizzo curtly.
“On your guard Sir!”
“On guard indeed;” said Wizzo still slashing the air carelessly with an air of nonchalance, the young officer didn’t know what happened then. It was quicker than the eye could see! Wizzo with a mock look of concerned stepped back. 
The lieutenant now had a fair amount of blood running down his face from a gash about three inches long.
“Oh dear I seem to have drawn blood, I do hope it’s yours and not mine Sir.” The officers hand went unbelieving up to his cheek and came away covered in blood that was now dripping down and over his very smart uniform. At the sight of his own blood he went into a rage and charged at Wizzo, his friend called out to him.
“Yield! Gregory or you will bring dishonor upon the regiment!” Wizzo who had not been expecting this madness was defending himself not only with the sword but also with his can that had due to his dire needs changed automatically into a sword. 
With the first charge of this maddened but skillful swords man Wizzo had been driven back, he wasn’t worried about his body because it was protected by his cloak but his head and his sword hand wasn’t. His left hand was griping the other sword through his cloak so it was protected, now his hood came up and covered all but his eyes. It had happened just in time, his opponent’s sword struck and slashed across his protected face, the crazed officer thinking that he had dispatched his opponent stepped back. The terrible laughter that came from him bordered on the edge of insanity but it gave Wizzo a chance to change his sword back into his staff, it became a blur and hit the officer hard enough in the head rendering him unconscious. He picked up the officer’s sword and snapped it across his knee, he then threw it down on top of the prostrate body. 
“You should really teach your friend some manners Alex otherwise he will get himself and you into an awful lot of trouble don’t you think?” Wizzo handed back the sword, hilt first to the stunned Alex, he then turned and walked casually back into the tea rooms to join his unsuspecting friends. The waiter came up a short time later and announced with a smile on his face, the smile was because some of the staff had been watching the event from a side window.
“They have departed Sir!”
“Thank you my good fellow, --- this Madera is excellent, my compliments to the cellar man who has obviously taken good care of it” the waiter bowed to him as if he were the king.
“I’ll will indeed pass on your compliment Sir.” 
An elderly couple who had been strolling in the park and had observed what had happened came in. The gentleman who had a military bearing raised his hat to Wizzo and Richard as he was shown to his table, Alice was looking at Wizzo, and she couldn’t help wondering if he had been up to something, Wizzo with the innocents of a child smiled back at her.
“Do you know that gentleman Sir?” asked Richard?
“I don’t think so and I would certainly remember his military bearing,” Wizzo relaxed, and turned to Annabel.
“Is it not a beautiful winters day Annabel?”
“It is indeed Mr. Burn Bright, we may be lucky enough to get an early spring this year. I do so love it when all the spring flowers come out and I can walk down country lanes and enjoy the fragrance of it all.”
“Do you live in the country Annabel?”
“My father has a farm just outside London on the Canterbury road, I love Canterbury with its great Cathedral. The Cathedrals really beautiful and just inside on the floor of the main entrance there’s a large circle with all the signs of the zodiac in it, it’s quite enormous, and so beautifully done. One would have to wonder why they put it there, in a church I mean, one does wonder about these things?” Wizzo knew that in days gone by some of the churches of England had been used for things other than the worship of God, but instead he told her that it was for decorative purposes and nothing more.
“They went to an awful lot of trouble just for that. My father thinks that it has something to do with witchcraft or the occult, he seems to know a lot about that sort of thing. Both my mother and father used to tell me Fairy stories when I was very young, I grew up thinking that Fairies really existed. I wanted to believe it so much I actually thought I saw one, can you believe that?” She blushed, “I’m afraid I have somewhat of an imagination and I talk far too much.”
“Isn’t she adorable Sir;” said the noticeably love struck Richard. Alice looked at Annabel and asked.
“What did the Fairy look like Annabel?”
“I didn’t actually see one it was just the imaginings of a young girl Alice.”
“But what did she look like?” asked Alice again.
“Oooh, -- she was quite beautiful. She was about as big as my little finger and had wings that looked like tiny rainbows. Her hair was pure gold. The garment she was wearing ---- well that was blue, but it had a shine to it that made it sort of sparkle in the sunlight. Her golden hair flowed down over her shoulders and that sparkled to, I even remember the colour of her eyes, they were sky blue, you all must think me so foolish” she said shyly, her eyes now focused on her hands that were resting on the table.
“Where did you see the Fairy Annabel?”  Asked Wizzo”
“It was at a little place called Frog Halt just outside of Folkestone Sir. My Father had taken us down there for a short holiday, my mother wasn’t feeling too well at the time and he thought that the sea air would do her good and we have relatives who live there, at Frog Halt I mean.”
“I know Frog Halt well Annabel and there are Fairies there” Said Wizzo. She looked at him with some disbelief.
“Truly there are,” he said, “have you been back there since seeing the Fairy?” Annabel shook her head. “Then you should go but don’t take anybody else with you not at this time.”
“Are there really such things as Fairies Mr. Burn Bright?” asked Richard?
“I am happy to inform you that they do exist and that they only appear to people who they really trust and love. You should see it as a great honor Annabel and by no means must you doubt what you have seen. I might also add that it would be better if you kept this a secret. Fairies love people who can keep a secret, that's because they have many secrets of their own that they don’t wish everybody to know about. Such as where they are, you must clear your mind of all things if you want to hear her, --- unless she is a Queen in which case she may talk to you.” Annabel wasn’t quite sure whether or not to believe this man who seemed so well informed about Fairies, Wizzo called over the waiter.
“A receipt my good fellow;” he paid the bill and then getting up he went round to Annabel, then picking up the hem of his cloak he turned it inside out.
“Was the colour something like this?” Annabel took it in her hand stroking its sheerness and feeling its softness and being amazed at the brightness of the colors, she looked up at him with some amazement, Wizzo smiled at her. 
“Go and see your Fairy Annabel, in the spring would be the best time.”
“I will Sir!”
“Then we bid you both a good day;” Richard and Annabel stood up.
“Good day to you Sir, and again we thank you most sincerely for your intervention in the previous matter.”
“I forgot to ask you Richard, are you still anticipating a commission in the light horse, or has your grandmother changed your mind about that?”
“She has advised me to participate in the governing of the country Sir and to forget about obtaining a commission, I must admit that it came as some surprise to me that she should give me such advice.”
“Do you want my advice Philip?”
“It would be appreciated Sir.”
“She is a wise lady and knows more than she tells, take her advice --- you will not have course to regret it.”
“Your advice is appreciated Sir and I will give it my most serious consideration.” Wizzo turned to Alice and offered his arm to her.
“Come Alice let’s go back and see how the little ones are faring.” They went out and climbed back into the still waiting hackney, he gave the coachman his instructions and they settled back to enjoy the ride. Wizzo made an effort to block out the thoughts of Alice that were coming to him loud and clear. When they had seated themselves in the hackney she had immediately placed her hand gently on his arm, they had been travelling for some time and were about half way to Aldgate when she turned to him.
“Have you always found that there are a lot of people that need your help Wizzo?” He placed his hand on hers.
“Not really Alice, I mostly lived as a recluse, I didn’t have much to do with others at all. It now seems that those that have the knowing of it have decided that it’s time that I did. I know that as far as I’m concerned nothing happens that shouldn’t happen, it’s a strange situation to be in really, for me that is, and for someone like yourself even stranger I suspect.”
“So for two hundred years you’ve lived as a hermit, as it were?” He sighed.
“Yes but now it all seems to be changing, I know the reasons for that of course, but after living for so long on my own I’m finding it difficult to adapt to this new kind of life.”
“Let me if I may assure you that you’re doing just fine,” she squeezed his arm affectionately. He liked the feeling that it gave him, in fact it felt so pleasant the mere thought of removing it made him feel a little sad inside, he sat deep in thought for some distance. 
When he was young, one of the first things that he had been taught was how to put a protective shield around himself, because at that time he didn’t poses the cloak. Even when his father had died and he became the proud wearer of it he still maintained his personal shield through force of habit. It protected him at all times and this meant that others could not see his aura, nor could it go out to others. This being a necessity when going up against a skillful sorcerer, or even worse a person who made a study of the black arts and could bring forth the devil himself. If the aura of the person they were attacking couldn’t be seen it meant that they couldn’t find a weakness in it so didn’t know by what means to penetrate it. The problem he faced now was should he or even could he after all this time dismiss his own personal shield, this was one of the reasons he couldn’t understand why it was that Alice had it seemed become so attached to him. 
As he understood it two peoples auras would come together at the first sight of each other, they would know this by the fact that their knees would go weak because of the impact that this would cause. Many people's auras came together but in friendship and no more, but when it really hits as it does when soul mates meet for the first time, ladies unable to remain standing sometimes fall to the floor. His thoughts came to an end as their carriage jolted to a stop, they had arrived back at the work house.
 Gracefully he helped her down. He paid the cabby and they went inside. 
As they passed the office and being that the door was open Wizzo glanced inside. To his surprise the place had been tidied up. A large smooth faced well-dressed gentleman was behind the desk. He was sorting through papers and putting everything in its right order on shelves that had been newly erected round the walls of the office. They were almost past the door before the gentleman called out to them.
“Excuse me, can I help you?” Wizzo took two steps backwards so that he now faced the man.
“Alice and I have come to see the young children Sir.”
“For what purpose may I ask?”
“For the purpose of seeing if the beds that I purchased and that have to my knowledge been delivered are now in place.”
“Ah Sir, you must be the gentleman that so kindly donated the beds for the children?”
“Indeed I am Sir,” holding out his hand the man approached.
“You must be Mr. Burn Bright?” Wizzo reached out and shook the offered hand. 
“Indeed I am Sir,” and this is Alice.”
“I’m Mr. Grudgall, the owner of this fine establishment and I beg you to understand that we do all that we can for these wretched people.”
“In your mind they may be wretched Sir but one must remember that they are people who through no fault of their own have come into hard times, so we must all do what we can for them.”
“Indeed Sir, indeed! And as for the beds we are most grateful, even though they are second hand, and knowing that the little ones are well cared for and will now sleep curled up in a nice warm bed. Why Sir I do believe that their beds are better than my own, which I could barely afford due to the expense of running this fine establishment.” Wizzo was slowly but surely getting very sick of this greedy fellow, who by the use of cunning words was trying to convince him that he had a good heart and was somewhat of a gentleman, Wizzo turned away from him.
“Let's go and see the children Alice and see for ourselves as to just how this fine establishment is taking care of them, which I am sure they are.”
“Indeed we are Sir. I give you my personal permission to see for yourselves and I know that you will not find it necessary to bother yourself again as to their wellbeing. I mean after all, an important person such as yourself, with all your other important duties, must find it difficult to find the time to assume such menial a task Sir. So if you would leave it in our most capable hands I can guaranty that we will take good care of them.” Wizzo turned around to face the man and then straitening himself up to his full height he declared.
“We will be coming to see the children every two weeks Sir, we consider it our civic duty to do so and I might add find extreme pleasure in taking on this most menial task, his Lordship, Justice Meanie hopes that this will meet with your approval?”
“Oh” you have the approval of the most Honorable, Justice Meanie Sir?”
“Indeed we have Sir! We also understand the small allowance that the government gives you in regard to this, so I suggest that we combine our efforts and that between us these young children will stand the best possible chance of survival.”
It seems that I have no choice in the matter, do as you will, my contract only runs for another year, I suggest that you make it to my advantage to renew it!” with that he turned and went smugly back into his office. They made their way down to the children.
“Where’s Tommy, Tommy where are you?”
“They told im e weren’t to sleep wive us no more Alice,” said a small voice from the back of the dark room.
“Is that you Peter!” Wizzo produced a glowing orb and held it up; the lad climbed out of his bed and ran to Alice. He could have been no more than six years old, she picked him up, his arms went about her neck and he wrapped his little thin legs around her.
“Where’s Agnes Peter,” she asked. 
“Dunno!” replied Peter. Most of the children were crying and had been when they came in; Wizzo went round handing out apples. There were little heads and hands coming out from everywhere. Alice put Peter back into his bed and then went round seeing to their needs. Changing diapers, wiping dirty bums and washing grubby faces.
“These children shouldn’t be in this dark room all the time Alice, it’s no good for them.”
“I used to take’um out in the back yard for a short time each day when it wasn’t raining or too cold, I’ll ave to find out if Agnes still does that.” She sighed. “What’s to be done Wizzo, just look at’um, they haven’t been seen to for some time. They’ve been put into their beds and left to fend for themselves, this room will stink within a week! --- Tommy needs to be here or somebody needs to be here.”
“Let's go and find out what arrangements have been made Alice;” 
They made their way back up to the office. Alice spoke to Mr. Grudgall for some time only to find out that Tommy had been put into another room. Mr. Grudgall insisted that it was the usual custom when a child reached his age. This was to make room for more unfortunate children. Agnes was authorized to go to the children at six in the morning for two hours, twelve noon for one hour and a half and then five in the afternoon for as long as she wished. 
There was hidden meaning behind this well-orchestrated conversation and Wizzo knew it, as did Alice. In the past Alice had on occasions given to this man her favors, this was for the sake of the children, she was then allowed to go to the children and see to them whenever she wished, this not being the case with the much older and not so comely woman Agnes. Wizzo was finding this man’s manipulation of the conversation extremely offensive and without realizing it his silver-topped cane had changed into his staff. The look on Wizzo’s face was such that even the devil himself would have feared for his very life, on seeing this; the man went quite pale with fear. 
“You will release Agnes from her work so that she might be with the children at all times Sir and Alice will instruct Agnes as to her duties regarding this!” 
Wizzo being in such a rage found that the tip of his staff was now literally glowing and was within two inches from the manipulating man’s fearful boggle eyes. Mr. Grudgall could feel the intense heat coming from it and in his haste to get out of the way tilted his chair and fell backwards sending his feet flying up in the air, Wizzo pointing his staff at him walked round the desk. 
“Do you understand my meaning Sir?” The big man struggled, but was unable to free himself from his wing armed chair that seemed to have somehow gripped him, he found himself in a situation where he could only nod his head in submission. Wizzo had to fight to control himself and only after a short while was he able to do this, he then turned to Alice.
“Come Alice, we have things of the utmost importance to do!” Alice followed him obediently out of the office, she had never seen such anger, one part of her was frightened the other part being her womanly instinct told her that this great and wonderful man had at last shown his true feelings and he had been able to control them. When this last thought had overcome her fear she followed him happily. They found Agnes working at the top of the building sorting out rags. Alice told her what the new arrangements were and that under no circumstances was she to leave the babies to fend for themselves, also that they must be taken out into the daylight for as long as possible each day. Agnes had on an apron with a large pocket in it and Wizzo was busy filling it up with apples from inside his cloak. He spotted what used to be the old witch coming over, she was now wearing a smile if one could call it that but at least it was some attempt at a smile, Wizzo looked up from his apple gathering.
“We have not been introduced dear lady,” he said returning her smile. “I’m Mr. Burn Bright,” in saying this he handed her a big red juicy apple, she was quite taken aback by this show of generosity, Maybe that was because she was an old bat, and nobody had ever given her anything before.
“I’m Gertrud Sir;” Alice explained to her the new instructions from the office concerning Agnes and the children; Gertrud was pleased with these new arrangements and said as much. Agnes was also pleased; it would mean that she didn’t have to work day and night. In all it had been a good day thought Wizzo to himself, he wondered where Tommy was and asked Gertrud.
“E’s on the next floor down Sir, stuffin pillows, that’s where you’ll find im.”
“We should go and see him before we leave Alice,” they excused themselves and made their way down to the next floor. 
Wizzo had to smile when he saw Tommy sat in the middle of a pile of feathers inside a large wooden container, a young girl of about twelve sat on a chair sewing up the pillows as Tommy finished filling them. Tommy seemed to sense their entry because he looked up and waved, Wizzo looked around as they made their way over to him. 
In all there were fifteen large wooden boxes around the room. Each box had a girl or boy in side with another sitting on a chair in front sewing up the pillows as they were finished. There were others going round filling up the boxes with feathers there was a small ladder up the outside of each box for this purpose, Alice went over to Tommy.
“You’ve got the softest job in town Tommy;” Tommy laughed.
“It’s ard work Alice but it ain’t as bad as some;” he put his hand inside his shirt and pulled out the little leather pouch that Wizzo had given him.
“I still got it Wizzo and I ain’t about to let it go.”
“Good lad Tommy, I meant what I said about it, you look after it now;” Tommy thrust it back inside his shirt with some purpose and winked at Wizzo.
“Do you still go and see the children Tommy?” asked Alice.
“Course I do Alice, I can’t look after um like I used to, but I sneak down there when I can, Mr. Grudgall, he don’t like me goin to see im he don’t.”
“In future Tommy you can go down there after the evening meal and play with them until it’s time for your bed.”
“Cooor blimey! You the boss now Alice.”
“No Tommy but arrangements have been made regarding you and Agnes.” Wizzo looked at the girl who was now diligently sewing up another pillow. He guessed that she would be about twelve years old, her long brown hair was tide back with a piece of rag and there was a crutch leaning up against the chair. He saw that her aura being brilliant around most of her was not so around one of her legs, it had been broken at some time and not set properly, Tommy saw him looking at her. 
“That’s Mary Wizzo, she’s me sweetheart she is;” Mary blushed to the roots of her hair and at the same time her hand went down to her torn dress making sure that her leg couldn’t be seen, Tommy seeing this tried to put her at ease.
“Mary ad er leg smashed she did, got run down by a bloomin coach.” Tommy muttered something under his breath. “I don’t care though, she’s me sweetheart and that’s all there is to it” he said this with pride, Tommy climbed out of the box, as he walked away he beckoned Wizzo to follow, when they were far enough Tommy turned to him and beckoned him closer.
“That Mr. Grudgall’s after er e is, --- keeps commin up and sayin nice things to er he does, Mary don’t like it, she’s afraid of im!” Wizzo put his right hand on Tommy’s shoulder his left hand going inside his cloak, he then took out another small leather pouch.
“Now then Tommy listen carefully, if Mary hangs this around her neck no man will touch her or go near her not even you.”
“But she’s me sweetheart Wizzo!”
“I know that Tommy and so do you. It won’t affect her feelings for you so long as you know why it is she wears it, and you should in time be able to overcome it. There will come a time when she is old enough or her circumstances change that she may feel that she no longer needs it’s protection, when that time comes she will only need to remove it and the spell will be broken.”
“Cooor blimey” Tommy looked at the pouch being offered to him, he took it and looked up at him, Wizzo reached inside his cloak again and pulled out a piece of cord and gave it to Tommy.
“This cord cannot be snapped Tommy, not by even the strongest of men, make sure that you tie it with this.”
“Fanks Wizzo, can I put it on Mary now?”
“It would be better if it were put on after you explain to her what it’s for, and what it will do. And make sure that nobody else knows about this Tommy, that’s most important.” Tommy nodded his head and put the pouch and the cord safely into his pocket, they then went back and joined Alice and Mary, Tommy climbed back into his box.
“We should be going Alice, it’s getting late,” Alice went over to Tommy and showered him with feathers.
“I’ll see you in two weeks and you two mind you behave yourselves;” Tommy winked at them and Mary looked up and waved as they turned and walked away.
“Do you think that they’ll be all right Wizzo?”
“With the protection I’ve given Tommy to put round Mary’s neck, they should be all right Alice;” she gave his arm a gentle squeeze. They had left the building and now turned into the customary alleyway to disappear; they soon found themselves back at the Cottage where Sophie and Pee Wee wanted to know about everything that had happened during the day. He relaxed in his chair, it didn’t take him long to realize that he wasn’t going to get anything to eat until Alice had finished telling them everything and knowing that he had more important things to do he went out and down to the main gates. 
To be continued with book two.
 




