Half Heart
Sequel to Layla

By Lacie Perry Parker
Copyright 2014 all rights reserved.
Smashwords Edition

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15



“Make way for her majesty, Queen Layla of Tentaleigh and Dreideth!” I took the hand that had been offered to me as I stepped off the ship and onto the dock. Queen. I still wasn’t used to my new title. Although, I had never gotten used to being called princess, either. People were lined up from the docks to the streets, and as far as I could see. They bowed in a wave, and cheered on the top of their voices. I smiled politely as my feet clanked on the wooden planks. I felt my cheeks flush in the breeze. My subjects were throwing flowers into the street, mostly wild flowers. But as I stepped off the docks and onto the dusty road, a purple flower with yellow and pink leaves fell at my feet. I stopped before I stepped on, bent down and picked it up. I had never seen such a flower. The leaves were thin and a glossy green, and the petals were thick, long and. I looked to the crowd of people at my right. A man caught my eye, with shaggy blonde hair and a dark green tunic. He looked at me with big brown eyes as if he wanted to say something, but wasn’t sure if he were permitted to talk to the queen.
“Did you throw this?” I asked him, giving him his chance to speak.
“Yes, your majesty. If you put it in water, let it set until the liquid has turned orange, and drink it, you will have the healthiest fingernails you have ever seen.”
I looked at the flower, then back at him. It could be a trick, a plan to poison me. But as I looked at the man, I didn’t think he would do something like that. Why would he need to? He looked so honest. I wrapped my fingers around the flower’s stem.
“Thank you,” I said to him, and then moved on. 
Dust swirled around my heels as I walked. I had been offered to be carried on a canopied bed through this part, but of course I declined. I would feel too lazy, especially after my two week voyage from Dreideth, getting no more exercise than walking across deck and back. Brye and I had journeyed to his homeland for a visit, and to build up a bigger army. We were going to try to lift the curse off The Forest of Despondency, and there was no telling what we were going to need to accomplish that. Brye was staying to gather and train an army, and I had come back early so I could travel to the Elf King and ask him what we needed to do to lift the curse. He would probably know, seeing that the elves were the ones that had cursed it in the first place. I begged Brye to come back with me so we could go together, but he insisted on staying with the freshly recruited troops. This would be my first real adventure by myself since my quest.
“Here your majesty.” 
“Hmm?”I looked up to see the footman holding out his hand to help me into the carriage. I hadn’t even realized I had reached the carriage yet. “Oh. Thank you,” I said. I took his hand and stepped up to get in the carriage, but my foot caught part of my dress, and as I tried to put my other foot in I slipped and landed on the ground.
“Are you all right?” A million voices started up at once.
I started to laugh. Of course I was all right. As a million hands to match the million voices grabbed my arms and pulled me up, I said, “Let’s try this again, shall we?” I got in the carriage and put my hands on my lap. I looked down at my skirt, which was full of dust. I patted it, trying to wipe it off. The dust flew through the air, causing the footman who was getting ready shut the door start to cough.
“Oh, I’m sorry!” I put my hand over my mouth, trying not to laugh.
“No, that’s quite all right,” he said hoarsely. The door shut with a bang, slinging the dust back towards me. I held my arm up to my nose so I didn’t breathe it in.
The carriage began to roll. I could hear the horses trotting, slowly at first. I wished I could see them. If it were my choice, I would be driving the carriage. But I remained content sitting on the lonely bench. With no one else in here, I could put my feet onto the opposite bench without being reprimanded. I smiled as I leaned my head back. I was exhausted from my trip. I hardly had a wink of sleep with all the sloshing and bouncing over the waves. It would have been worse with Coca there; that was why I had left him home. LaShebah had become his caretaker since I brought him home, although she hardly favored him. It took her a while to get used to him jumping on her head unexpectedly.
The carriage stopped. Could we be at the drawbridge all ready? Certainly not. We had just left the docks, and it was nearly a half-hour drive back to the castle. Remembering what Sweenlah had taught me, I lifted the curtain on the door and peered out. Nothing seemed to be amiss. I opened the door and got out. My feet hit the ground, and I was relieved when I hit dark soil instead of dust. 
“Stay there, your excellency,” the footman ordered me.
I kept my hand on the door, craning my neck around to see what was in the carriages way. It was a man. The man that had thrown the mysterious flower! I stretched my neck farther, trying to study his face more clearly. His dark green cloak hung around his shoulders as before, but now he had his hood over his head. His brown hand-woven pants looked worn and thin, and were too long for him. He was of average height, with big brown eyes, which were set close together, and long muscular arms at his sides. His shaggy, dirty-blonde hair reached past his ears, and hung in his eyes. I looked at the footman, to see his reaction, because I was confused. I found the same look on his face, which didn’t help me at all. I looked back at the man in the road, but he was gone. Maybe he had run into the woods. But– I had only looked away for a split second! Had he disappeared? I saw no tracks in the dirt, but it was probably because I was too far away to see them. I shut the carriage door and went to investigate. On bended knees, I touched softly with my fingers two footprints. There was no more. Just two, where he had been standing. I turned around and looked at the footman, but he looked like he had seen a ghost. Baffled, I got back in the carriage.
“Drive on,” I called. My voice sounded lost.
I tried to concentrate my mind on how good it would feel to see LaShebah again, and to sleep in my own bed, but I couldn’t tear my mind away from what I had just witnessed. The man had disappeared! I didn’t know what to make of it. I really didn’t want to make anything of it. I stretched my legs out on the bench and laid my head down. I yawned, stretching my mouth so big that it hurt. Maybe I was so tired that I just thought I had seen him disappear. That would be logical, except for the footman had obviously seen it too. I closed my eyes. It was a bumpy ride through the woods. The carriage was nearly vibrating, and I let it bounce me until my body was numb. Maybe the man wanted me to think he had disappeared. Maybe…


I shot up, started by a noise. I had been napping. The noise that had wakened me was the drawbridge and is groaning as it lowered itself for us to cross. I sat up straight, trying to smooth the rumples out. I had to look presentable on my return home. I was the queen. Well, Queen slash warrior. When I wasn’t battling I had promised LaShebah that I would at least try to look like a queen, since I didn’t act like one.
“Get those horses some water!” We had stopped. I was home once again. The door to the carriage was opened for me. I took the offered hand and jumped out, eager to lay eye on the familiar sight of my castle. Well, it hadn’t changed since I had left. It was still gray. I took off, running with my dress hiked up past my ankles until I was inside the castle. Then I let down my dress and walked fairly slow through the mirrored hall and into the throne room, where LaShebah sat talking to one of the scullery maids at a table with a red and gold table cloth. I stop, a smile spreading from ear to ear until she noticed me. When she realized I was there, she got up from her chair slowly with a huge grin on her face.
“Oh, Layla!” She wrapped me in a hug. “I’m so glad you’re home.” She put a hand on my cheek.
“So am I,” I said, touching her hand. “Where is Coca?” I walked past her to my throne. A small bundle of red silk was resting on the seat. “What is this?” I asked her, holding it up.
“Clothes for Coca!” She exclaimed, grabbing them from my hands defensively. 
“You’re going to start clothing my monkey?” I asked, surprised. It didn’t sound like something she would do.
“They’re not finished yet.” She folded the fabric up, not bothering to answer my question.
“And I suppose I’ll have the blacksmith fashion him a crown for his tiny head?” I laughed.
 I sat the flower I had been holding for the last half-hour down on the chair as LaShebah shook her head and sat back down at the table.
I looked over and saw someone entering from the far-side of the room. It was a girl, with a turquoise gown and long brown hair. I squinted, trying to see who it was. Then I realized– it was Adda!
“Adda!” I ran over to her, taking her hands. “I do believe you have grown! You’re almost as tall as me.”
She beamed. “It’s so good to see you.”
Brye had a cottage built inside the castle walls for Adda and her parents, Lindy and Davy. I enjoyed seeing her everyday. She was always so full of life, and always had something to talk about. Her energy gave me energy, which I could always use. Being a queen required more from a person than being a princess.
I took Adda’s arm, and we began walking slowly down a hallway to the library.
“So, did you find anything while I was gone?” I asked. I had giving her the responsibility of going through our huge collection of books, finding out all she could about the Elves and their way of magic. It was something far beyond us. They were something from a different time, just like the fairies, and they knew more than any of us humans or Beatiez could ever learn in a million lifetimes. They were so mysterious, and we hardly had any means of exploring their way of life.
“Yes, in fact I did. They aren’t short, like we thought. In fact, they are very tall. The live on a mountain called Geoteri… Geotrera…” Adda got a frustrated look on her face. “Let me show you.” She pulled me into the library, where a large oaken table stood with tons of open books, all of them dusty, and the paper yellowed. She started to flip the pages in one. She wrinkled her nose, not able to find what she was looking for. Then she turned to a different book.
While she was searching, I opened a book with a leather binding and a tarnished lock. The pages smelled musty as I bent over, trying to read the tiny writing. I came upon a map of a rocky land, with many places with long names. One was a mountain.
“Mount Geoterilavus?” I asked Adda.
She looked up. “That’s the one!”
I laughed as she came over and joined me, hunching over the book.
“Geoterilavus. Curious name.” Adda looked at me with a strange look on her face. “I wonder what the Elves name their children!”
I burst out in giggles. “What have you found out about Mount… let’s call it mount Geot. What is it like up there?”
Adda pulled out a chair and sat down. “From what the books say, it is very beautiful. The air is always misty, and it shimmers in the sunlight. Everything is always green; there is no winter, or summer, or fall. Clouds come so far down out of the sky they almost touch the ground, and the Elves use them as transportation. At night, the stars venture down where the Elves can catch put them in glass cases and use them for nightlights, but by morning they are always gone. Everybody always wears green, the same color of their lush surroundings.”
“Sounds like paradise,” I said.
Adda nodded her head. “It must be. Do you want to hear what the Elves look like?”
I had always wondered about that. Most people pictured them as short creatures with pointy ears and noses. But from the way Adda talked about Mount Geot, they couldn’t possibly look like that. “Please tell me.”
“They average at about seven feet tall. They are very thin, with smooth, silvery skin that shimmers like the air around them. Their eyes are usually light gray, when they aren’t they are a gold color. Their hair is always pale blonde, and their teeth are like rows of pearls.”
“Are their ears pointy?”
Adda shook her head. “No, but their fingers and toes are.”
“Where did you learn all this?”
Adda started pushing books aside, until a small, palm size book appeared. She took it gently and set it in front of me. “Open it,” she ushered.
I looked at her with a wary eye, and then with placid fingers I opened it to the middle. I sat back in awe. A bubble arose with a figure of an Elf in it, glowing and lustrous. It was a female, and she wore a light pink dress that slunk over her shoulders. Suddenly a child appeared, running through the picture. The woman picked her up and smiled, and then the picture stopped and started over again. I turned the page, astounded at what I had just seen. The next was as tall male Elf, wearing a long dark green tunic. He had leaves in his hair, like a crown.
“I suppose their most prized possession is their plant life?”
Adda nodded. “It is their symbol for everything good. ‘May the rain fall for luscious life’ is the greeting given whenever one Elf encounters another.”
“May the rain fall for luscious life,” I repeated. I turned my attention back to the book, with the bubble still floating like life caught in a net. The Elf on this page looked royal. “Is this the king?” I asked.
“Yes. His name is King Eathay. He has been in rule for nearly five hundred years.”
“Five hundred years!” I exclaimed. “What is their average lifespan?”
“Seven hundred years. I think King Eathay is six-hundred fifty-nine.”
I raised my eyebrows. “His time is nearly up.” Suddenly something caught my mind. “Is he the one that cursed the Forest of Despondency?”
“Yes! He is.”
“Well, then I had better get to him soon! He is bound to know what to do to relieve the forest of the curse.”
Adda shrugged.
“What does–” I shrugged, mimicking her, “–that mean?”
“He is a very plucky person. You’ll be lucky if you even get an audience with him.” She leaned her head onto her hand.
“The queen of two countries?” I asked. Surely he would see me.
“Perhaps.”
I started picking up the books and arranging them on the table. “He’ll see me. And he’ll tell me what I need to know,” I assured her. “Are you going to come with me?” 
Adda looked down. “My parents won’t let me go on one of your ‘big adventures’ until I am thirteen.”
I stopped what I was doing and turned to her. “We’ll just see about that.”



Chapter 17

“I see you have been taking good care of Dido.” I brushed the impatient horses’ mane. I had to stand on a stool to be able to get the top of his head.
“I have to,” Adda replied. “He was Wade’s.”
I nodded. The horse had been Wade’s, but only for a short while. 
“Have you talked to Mama and Papa about the trip yet?” Adda asked me with hope in her voice.
“Yes.” I tried to keep a solemn look on my face, but a short laugh burst out. “And they said…“
“Yes!” Adda shouted. “They said yes?”
I shrugged. “How could they refuse the queen?” I slipped her a sly grin. “You’re coming to Mount Geot with me.” 
“Yes!” She jumped up in the air with her arms above her head. “After reading so much about the Elves, I am dieing to see them.”
“I’m dieing to see them two, especially after that book with the living pictures.” I stopped brushing the horse and stepped down off the stool. “Do you think we should bring that book? It may help us while we are there.”
“That’s a good idea,” Adda said thoughtfully. “You can go get it, and I’ll get a servant to saddle Dido and Clupint.”
“Okay.” I walked through the hay on the ground out of the stables. “Oh, Adda,” I called back, “Make sure they put the saddle bags on them.”
“I will!”
I watched Adda as she skipped out of the stables and over to a trough where an older servant stood. The man was petting a horse as it drank. When he heard Adda coming behind him, he turned to her with s big smile on his face. Everybody was always glad to see Adda. She was such a cheerful soul. She would make an excellent traveling companion, as long as she doesn’t talk my ears off before the journey is over.
I made my way into the castle. It was colder in there than it was outside. The sudden change in temperature caused goose bumps to rise on my arms. I rubbed them trying to smooth the hairs on my arm that were sticking up. The hairs were blonder than they had been last year. I was out in the sun more often. My complexion had darkened quite a bit, and I was very glad. I didn’t feel as much like a restricted princess– Queen, now– as I had before.
LaShebah passed me in the hallway. “Have you packed the horses with everything yet? Remember that you will need a change of clothes for everyday your gone, and maybe some extra because you know how traveling can be. And you need to…”
“Don’t worry. I have everything I need, except a book. And I am on my way to get it right now.”
LaShebah smiled. “Okay. I will be waiting for you outside to see you off.”
I patted her arm and scooted past her in the narrow hallway. I sped my pace; I didn’t want to keep everyone waiting. I came upon the library door, which was, strangely, closed. Adda and I hadn’t closed it last time we had left it. I pushed the heavy door open, stepped in and shut it behind me. Maybe it was being kept closed for a reason. It probably let in a draft to the rest of the castle.
I turned around after I had shut the door securely and faced the table. Immediately I gasped. There sitting at the table, leaning over the books… was the man from the road. The man who had thrown the flower. My lip quivered as I tried to grasp what was going on.
“How did you get in here?” I demanded in a shaky voice.
The man said nothing. He stood up and pushed his chair in. was he about to disappear again?
“Wait! What’s your name?” I was curious in a frightened sort of way.
His mischievous eyes embedded themselves into me. “Soea.” He smirked, then disappeared. 
I was left speechless, my feet glued to the ground. I was afraid to move. His name was Soea. He had magical powers. And he was stalking me. 
I grabbed the book hurriedly and skittered out of the library. I dashed down the hall as quickly as I could. I had to tell everybody. Or… did I? Maybe that was what he wanted me to do. I slowed down, nearly skidding on the stone floor, and regained my cool. I would pretend like nothing had happened. Perhaps then he would leave me alone, after he saw that I wasn’t going to make a big fuss about ‘Soea, the disappearing man.’
“Layla!” Adda called. She was already on Dido. Ten knights had mounted their horses and were ready to accompany us to keep us safe incase we encountered something that I couldn’t fight off by myself. LaShebah’s idea, not mine. 
“Are you ready, princess? I mean, your Majesty.” Sir Conrad over-exaggeratingly bowed as deeply as he could atop of a horse. He almost fell off, and came back up laughing. Two of the other knights were laughing too.
“Yes, I’m ready.” I mounted Clupint. “Your knightly-ship.” I bowed equally as low, mimicking Sir Conrad. I, too, almost fell off. I swung myself back up, my face red from being nearly upside-down. I beheld a sight of knights lost in peals of laughter. I smiled and grabbed the reins.
“Lean down.” LaShebah was beside Clupint, motioning me to lean over so she could kiss my cheek. “Stay out of trouble.”
“That’s unlikely. Not Layla.” Sir Conrad chuckled, his hands crossed over his lap, and his back slumped over. He was a young knight, a young nineteen years of age, only a year older than Brye. He had followed in his brother’s footsteps, Sir Perkrite, who had been killed in the battle with Aduhlajh. Sir Conrad was the one who had pulled me onto his horse after I had cut off Aduhlajh’s arm. I often wondered about what had happened to Aduhlajh’s army. After we retreated, they did too! We never found out what happened to them. For all I knew, they could have given up, and were sitting in their palace right now.
LaShebah frowned at Conrad. “I know she’ll behave herself. You keep to your own business.”
I laughed, squeezing my old nanny’s hand once before I let go. “Farewell, everyone!” I called. There weren’t many people to bid good-bye, though. Just the castle servants, Mr. and Mrs. Heartha, LaShebah and Coca. I was beginning to think LaShebah liked the little monkey! Making clothes for him, not letting me take him on any of my trips. It was odd. She probably didn’t want to admit she cared for the little monkey, after the fit she made when I first brought him home.
I looked at Adda, legs straddled over her brother’s horse. She had practiced her riding, preparing for her first journey with me. I told her that she wasn’t going to ride with me. So she worked very hard, and now she was nearly better than me. Her handling skills were amazing.
We had started trotting, all twelve pairs of hooves clanking over the wooden drawbridge. The sky, looming over us, was so blue it was almost purple. The sun beat down with mercy, not making us drop a bead of sweat. The air smelled fresh, like bedclothes that had just taken off the line. The pace was slow-going. I was getting impatient. LaShebah couldn’t see us anymore, so I squeezed Clupint with my heels, making him speed past everybody.
“Hey!” Sir Conrad shouted good-naturedly. I could feel his horse gaining on me, challenging Clupint and me to a race. I moved over to the side, allowing Sir Conrad to come up beside me. I smiled at him. He smiled back, until I cried, “Yah!” Clupint zoomed in front of them so fast that I could barely make out the smile melting off his face.
We left them in the dust, unable to catch up. After a few moments I slowed my horse down.
“You beat me,” said a voice. It should have been Sir Conrad, but it sounded like… Soea!
I spun around to confront him. “So–” It was Conrad again. I stared at him, puzzled. “So, yeah, I beat you, Sir Conrad,” I finished. I turned back towards the front, my scowling in bafflement. 
“You can call me Conrad, you know. I call you Layla.”
I pasted on a smile that had deep concentration beneath it. “Thank you, Conrad.” I rode on past him, wanting to be alone to think.
“Is there something wrong, Layla?” Conrad rode up beside me again.
I wanted to tell him about Soea, but I didn’t want to ruin my plan. Soea could be watching right now, just waiting for me to tell everybody about him. I bit my tongue and shook my head.
“Yes there is,” Conrad pulled his horse in front of mine, cutting me off. “Tell me.” The lines in his face were soft, but curious. His eyes were such a pale blue they weren’t even there. His hair was an equally as pale, thin blonde hair, as if he had been under the sun all his life. His skin looked like it too. His pale pink lips were always in a slight smile, exposing lustrous white teeth. He had a mischievous air.
“Even if there was, I wouldn’t tell you!” I made my eyes round and irritated looking, and tried to pass him. He let me by and trotted along beside me.
“Come on, Layla! Tell Conrad your troubles.”
Tell Conrad my troubles. Hmm… rather not. I looked back behind me. The rest of the knights were caught in one of Adda’s never ending conversations.
“I’m sent to protect you. You need to tell me so I can do my job. If your trouble could be dangerous, I need to know.” He watched me intently.
I had never thought about that. What if Soea was out to hurt me? Or kill me? I touched my neck reflexively. But, no. I jerked my hand down onto the reins. I couldn’t tell him. It would ruin my plan. I looked at Conrad. He looked relentless. I doubted I could get away without telling him something. He was very full of pride. He wanted to help anybody any chance he got. I would have to make something up.
“I’m not sure if Adda is ready for this type of journey. I need somebody to watch over her like a hawk.” That was a lie. I knew she was ready for something like this, and if she weren’t I wouldn’t have let her come.
Conrad nodded, his eyebrows knit together. “I see.” He made his voice deeper than usual, trying to sound more professional. “I’ll watch her!” He smiled, his voice normal now.
“Really?” I tried to act surprised, and overwhelmed with happiness, which I actually in a way was. He was taken.
“Sure! I won’t tell her, though. She might get defensive if she knows.”
“Yes,” I nodded. I was laughing hysterically inside. “Will you start watching her now?” 
“Yeah!” He grabbed his horse’s reins, turned around and head back towards everyone else.
Wow. I had gotten him off my case, and got him to leave me alone for a while all at once. Now I could trot in peace. And think without being questioned about the look on my face. I sighed, relaxing my tense muscles. My body swayed in the warm breeze.


We traveled for another four hours before we stopped for lunch. Conrad was true to his word. He never let Adda out of his sight. We were sitting on a circle of logs in the forest. Conrad was across from me, and beside Adda. She seemed to be realizing that he was following her everywhere. She gave him weird side glances every now and then. I had to bite down hard on my lunch whenever she did that. I wanted to laugh so badly.
“I have to go–” Adda started.
“I’ll come with you!” Conrad stood up, ready to follow her.
“Somewhere alone!” She finished frantically, then sped over to sit by me. “Conrad is acting very strangely,” she said to me.
I chuckled. “I know. I’m sorry. It’s my fault.”
“Oh?” she said, startling me. I almost told her about Soea!
“He was getting on my nerves. I told him that you needed some watching over, so that he would follow you and not me.”
Adda stood up.
“Where are you going?” I asked her.
“I’m going to tell him his horse wasn’t ready for this trip, and he needs to keep a constant eye on him.”
I laughed as I watched her trod off in Conrad’s direction.
“That girl is a basket full of laughs and curiosity.” Sir Iopie had his fingers curled around flask. With his free finger he pointed to Adda. 
I leaned up off my hands, sitting more erect on the soggy log. It smelled musty, like it had been here for many, many years, providing a seat for whoever passed by. “I agree with you,” I replied to Sir Iopie in sigh. I crossed my legs, leaning over and gazing at the sky. It looked so inviting. I closed my eyes, the breeze blowing my hair back from my face. It made me want to fly. Suddenly someone sat down beside me, jolting my eyes open. It was Conrad.
“Sorry,” he said, smiling. “Didn’t mean to scare you.”
I gave out a long, vocalized sigh. “That’s all right. I was just thinking.”
“About what?” He leaned down on his own knees, making his head level with mine.
“About flying.”
“Flying?” he laughed, sitting up.
I nodded. “Yes.” He was bound to let me know how impractical that thought was. Anybody would. Especially him. He was so prying, and irritating.
“I would love to fly. Someday I will. And I’ll take you up with me,” Conrad said, surprising me. “Oh… but I guess… would your husband like that?”
“He’s not my husband yet. We’re just betrothed.” It was true that we hadn’t had our wedding yet, although we were already considered King and Queen of Tentaleigh, and of Dreideth when we were there.
“Oh?” Conrad scooted closer to me. “I had no idea you were, you know,” his overconfidence was simply vile. “Still single.”
I stood up with a start, facing him. “Yes. I mean no! I mean, we’re betrothed. Committed. Pledged to one another. Soon to be wed!” I spun around on my heel to face the other way, walking off to find Adda. What impudence!
Adda was standing on a stool, brushing Dido and talking to him softly. “Adda!” I said. She stopped her conversation with her horse and turned around. “I think we should move on. Lunch is over.”
With a slight nod and keeping her eyes on me all the while, she jumped off her stool and headed off to tell everyone to pack up.
I started untying Clupint. Nobody was supposed to know that Brye and I weren’t actually married yet. We hadn’t time for a wedding, with Father’s death and burial, Wade and Sweenlah’s death, the Heartha’s moving into the castle walls, and our quest to rid the kingdom of the Forest of Despondency. It was supposed to be a royal secret. But not anymore.
I threw one leg over Clupint and used the reins to pull myself up. I clapped my heels on his sides, urging him forward. The knights were done packing up and already on their horses. I got in front of them, and they started following me. 
Adda pulled up beside me. “How far away is Mount Geot? How long until we get there?”
I shrugged.
“Look at the book!”
She was obviously talking about the bubble-picture book. I leaned over to the sack that was hanging over my horse and pulled it out. “Where should I look?” I asked her. 
“Look on the first page,” she suggested. 
“Good place to start.” I opened it up to the first page. A bubble arose with two elves it looked like the king and queen, mouthing their greeting “May the rain fall for luscious life.”
“That’s not it.” Adda reached over and turned the page. The next picture made her eyes light up. Stars were slowly floating down from the heavens. The mountain top was aglow. Little elves were dancing all around, and trying to catch them. “I hope that happens every night.” 
I turned the next page. “Oh!” A mountain rose, with tiny horses on it traveling upward. “This must be the directions.”
Adda nodded and leaned in for a better look. “That looks like us!” She exclaimed putting her finger on the bubble.
I squinted my eyes and craned my neck. It did look like us. I waved my hand up in the air as high as it would go. “Look!” A very faint arm was waving in the bubble, too! “That is us.”
“But which way do we go?” Adda asked. Suddenly an orange line started trekking up the mountain in from of us inside the bubble, taking twists and turns until it reached the top.
“That is the way we go.” I smiled, eyes cast down at the amazing book. I gazed at it for a few seconds before closing it.
“Let me have it!” Sir Iopie said. “I’ll be leading the way.”
“Go right ahead,” I said under my breath, handing him the book. Every time I lead the way something went wrong.
“Only two days, north!” He said, his scraggly beard bouncing on his chin. Sir Iopie was an older knight, having served thirty years in my father’s militia. Now Brye’s militia. He had a yellow beard that was slowly turning white, with streaks of gray peppering here and there. He had a moustache of the same above his nearly white lips, on his floppy-skinned face. He looked older than fifty years, until you looked deep into his misty blue eyes. Then you could see years of youth and adventure gazing out into the world. 
“Forward ho!” The old knight Iopie cried. He swung his arm out in front of him, and kicked his horse into full speed. In matter of seconds Adda and I were in a cloud of dust, left behind by the knights. Coughing and laughing at the same time, we clapped our heels and sped after them.


Chapter 2

We were riding in the night. Sir Iopie claimed there was a resting place that was ideal for us, and he wouldn’t let us stop until we got there. I told him we would just go on without him, but I forgot he had the book. He refused to give it back. So we were forced to trot in the dark cold. I had my arms wrapped around my shoulders, the reins resting in my lap. I wasn’t the least bit tired, which was good, because I wouldn’t be allowed to rest. 
It was a little alarming to be the queen, but not be in charge. I wasn’t use to it. But that book was our only way to the top of Mount Geot. I could deal him when I got home.
Even though I had been forbidden to have anything more to do with the strange flower Soea had thrown me, I had brought it. It was in my horses pack, to my right. Inside a flask of water. It had set long enough to test, and I was eager. Now that it was dark, I could get it out without being noticed. Anyway, I would just look like I was drinking normal water. I looked around, making sure Conrad wasn’t near just incase. If he knew what I was doing, he would tackle me and rip the flask from my hands with his teeth.
I used my own teeth to open the flask. I closed my eyes, breathing deep the sweet aroma. It smelled delicious. I was about to put it to my lips, but suddenly hands came from behind me and covered my eyes. I could tell who it was by the rough, big fingers.
“Conrad!” I screeched. I was in no mood for guessing games. I let go of the reins and reached behind me to try and knock his arms off me. I could hear him laughing. Then I lost my balance, and I couldn’t see since he was blocking my sight. I started falling off the horse, and the flask spilled out onto my legs. There was a sizzling sound, and my legs felt like they were on fire. I screamed and fell into the dust. Conrad jumped down beside me and started flinging dirt onto my legs. It took delirious moments to even become conscious of what had happened… the flower’s liquid hat eaten through most of my skirt, leaving it in tatters. My legs were blistered. I was breathing in and out through my mouth so hard I was almost panting. I wanted to scream again; I felt as if I had fallen into a river of fire. I squinted my eyes, clenched my teeth and grunted, leaning over to where my hair was in the dust.
“What was that?” Conrad said in a disbelieving laugh.
I couldn’t say anything. I bit my tongue so I wouldn’t break down in sobs.
He grabbed the flask, and sniffed it. Suddenly he got a disgusted look on his face, and he jerked his head towards me. “You drank the flower?” He got down on his knees, invading my personal space. “You drank the flower?”
I felt my eyes get round sad looking, regretful looking. I still couldn’t say anything. I nodded, then buried my face in my hands.
“Layla!” Conrad got up. I lifted my face and watched him. He put his hands behind his head, kind of chuckling in disbelief. He was looking to the side, his eyes saying I can’t believe her. I can’t believe her stupidity. “Layla!” His voice was louder this time. 
I bit my lip, thinking he was overreacting.
“Why did you… that was so… ugh,” he ran his words together fast. He ran his fingers through his hair, deep in thought. “Why?” he asked.
“He…” I started. A sob rolled in my throat. “He said it would give me healthy fingernails.”
 “Hah!” Conrad spurted, and spat on the ground. Then he cast his eyes upward. “Do you know what would have happened if you had drank that?” He shook his head. “Never mind. We have to find some healing powers. Fast.” He bent down and picked me up. I shook inside. I was crying inside. I didn’t want to cry outside, not with all these tough knights around.
“What are you thinking about, now?” Conrad asked me.
“I miss Brye.”
I was carried to our campsite without another word. I kept my eyes closed. I could hardly breathe, I was in so much pain. I felt like I had been dipped from my toes to my thighs in boiling water, even though there were only patches of blisters. What kind of flower was that? I wanted to ask Conrad, but I didn’t. I hadn’t the breath. 
I heard Sir Iopie throw down and shatter a glass bottle when he saw me. He always had some kind of liquor in his hand. “Holy Swosette!” he bellowed. “What happened to you?” He grabbed an emergency flask off his waist. “Oh,” he said, pausing his flagon that was halfway in his mouth.
I looked up at Conrad. How would Sir Iopie know what happened? Perhaps Conrad had mouthed it to him. Or he read minds. Oh… I hoped he didn’t read minds. But that wasn’t really likely.
“Perhaps the peddler can help her. He just came by trying to sell us stuff and we invited him to sup with us. I think he has some herbal potions or something,” Sir Iopie scratched his back, unwilling to show he was worried.
“Do herbal potions sound good?” Conrad asked me.
I nodded and added miserably, “Anything sounds good right now, if it’ll help.”
The knights sort of stepped out of the way, and I saw the peddler sitting down, talking to Adda. Quickly I took a second glance. 
It wasn’t a peddler. 
It was Soea! In peddler’s clothing! I gasped, dreadfully alarmed, and my eyes flew to Conrad. Didn’t he know something was wrong? Was everyone blind? Or… was I?
I watched as Sir Iopie approached Soea – or, the peddler – and told him something in hushed tones. Soea nodded solemnly and pulled something out of a black bag. The cloth was black, dusty and moth-eaten. Just like the peddler who had sold me the spotters! Then I heard him mutter something, but part of it was muffled by his hood.
“You know what would have happened with that… flower in the water… very serious.”
The knight nodded at him and took the small, rectangular bottle with amber liquid closed by a light purple cork. “All of it?” He asked.
Soea nodded.
Sir Iopie came over to me and Conrad. “Drink all of it, in exactly three gulps.” He handed it to me.
I took it with uneasy fingers. Conrad set me down gently on the moist ground. My blisters seemed to sizzle on the grass. The pain shot up from my legs to my eyes, and I gave a little groan. My hand was shaky taking the cork off the bottle. I held it to my lips with mounting suspicion. Was this a trick? Was everyone on Soea’s side? That couldn’t be. Adda was too loyal, and she would have made sure I knew. If this wasn’t a trick, If Soea wasn’t trying to kill me, I decided I might be able to trust him. He was probably harmless anyway. I squeezed my eyes closed as tight as I could, the dry skin on my face getting taut. I took a swig of the orange liquid. It tasted like honey mixed with sunshine, and a drop of starlight. And I was still alive! I looked down at my legs. They didn’t hurt nearly as bad. I took another sip. It slid down my throat like a cloud. I felt my blisters start to disappear. With the last drop of the fire colored liquid, I was completely healed. Amazing. I was breathless with astonishment. I looked up at Soea, who had a humble look about him. He looked so friendly and helpful, just like he had that day when he threw the flower at my feet. The flower. Maybe he had picked the wrong one out of his magic garden. He had meant me no harm. I knew he hadn’t. I smiled at him, and he gave a reverent bow of the head with a triumphant smile. Suddenly a fiddle started up. I stood, now aware of the rags that fell about my waist barely covering my legs. Soea put his hood down, then took his cloak off and wrapped it about me.
“Thank you,” I smiled warmly at him.
Before I had time to protest, I was grabbed by the arm and slung back and forth by many partners in a toe-tapping folk dance. I could when I was dancing with Sir Iopie, because of his breath. I could tell when I was with Conrad because of his rough hands and flash of white smile. Then I was partnered with someone new– he smelled of ginger and greens, and danced like the wind. He didn’t seem to be even touching the ground. I looked up and found the face I expected. Soea. Up close, his face was sharp, and his eyes seemed to have lightning flashing deep in their brownness. His hair rested over his forehead, making him seem mysterious. Maybe that was why I had been so wary about him. Suddenly I was twirled over to Sir Dedran, my head spinning now. I stopped the twisting, standing with my legs planted firmly in the ground, the liquid in my head still swishing around in circles. When I regained my balance, I pulled Soea’s cloak tighter around me, the night air getting cool. That was enough dancing. I was still recovering from recovering.
“Peddler, why don’t you tell us a story? I have always heard that peddlers told good stories, because of all the people they have met and places they have been,” Adda said, sitting down by the fire.
“Yes! Please do.” I sat down beside her. Eventually everyone was sitting down in a circle around the jumping fire. Soea, or the peddler, included. A story sounded pleasant now.
With a nod of consent, Soea sat in thought. Then, finally his eyes seemed to smile, and he sat erect, ready to speak. “Once upon a time,” he started with the familiar beginning. “There was a girl. She had a free spirit, and she did or felt whatever she wanted. Even when she was forbidden. One day she made a new friend, someone whom she grew to trust and even love like family despite the warnings from people she usually heeded. But her faithful trust was suddenly betrayed, and she was left in a poisoned muddle. Before her abrupt death, she wonders if any of the happenings had to do with her foolish, foolish heart.”


Soea departed from us the next morning. I was almost sad to see him go. He had given us such a good time last night, not to mention he completely healed me and charged not a single Swowth. He was so generous and entertaining. I began hoping he would mysteriously appear again sometime soon. But as we journeyed up the mountain, I didn’t see him once. But I noticed the gradual change in temperature. It was becoming exceptionally comfortable, almost perfect. The farther up the mountain we got, the more perfect it seemed. By the time we reached the tip of Mount Geot, we would never want to leave!
“I’ll race you to that stump ahead!” I heard Conrad challenge Adda. Without a response she kicked up a cloud of dust. The hearty laugh of Conrad and the little giggles of Adda reached my ears.
“Do you have anything to drink in that sack of yours? And nothin’ with flowers in it, now.” Sir Iopie hollered in my ears. I tossed him a full flask of wine. He guzzled it down and wiped the red liquid trickling his beard with the back of his hand.
“Here,” he said suddenly, surprising me by tossing me my little book back. “Educate yourself before we get there. I want a warm welcome.”
I felt so un-royal out here. I was given commands. It didn’t really bother me, just took me by surprise. I opened the book which rested in my palms, and a bubble rose. It showed a man Elf with a monocle and a book. He seemed to be reading out loud. I was taken aback when sound accompanied the picture.
“Elves eat only one meal, in the middle of the night. Elves dress in light colors and thin fabric. Elves…”
 I had turned to the right page. The education channel. I continued listening to the book.
“Elves wear high shoes to make them seem taller. Elves are very self-conscious about their weight. Elves never drink wine.”
I spun on Sir Iopie, and he looked at me with annoyed and guilty eyes. He tore the flask from his lips and said, “I won’t bring it in.”
“Not if you want a warm welcome. The Elves are very strict. See? Listen.” I held up the book. “Elves are very stringent, but kind and forgiving,” it said.
He rolled his eyes. “Aye.”
“Layla!” I heard a small voice scream. Adda. I turned my head forward. For a few seconds I saw a hazy, silver mist, then I was enveloped in it. I closed my eyes out of reflex. I heard high, merry voices, and the sounds of feet on trodden earth. I opened my eyes to see a sight that stole the air from my lungs. My mouth opened in a slight smile wide as my eyes. There were awkwardly tall Elf children grinning and waving at me as I trotted forward slowly on my tired horse. I looked over and saw Adda already off Dido and playing with them. Conrad was flirting with a tall, slender Elf that had long golden hair that rested gently on her silvery body.
“Welcome to Geoterilavus, Queen Layla!” An extremely tall Elf was bowing in front of me with his hands clasped in front of him.
Thinking quickly, I tried to say their greeting. “May the rain fall for luscious life,” I fumbled for the words.
“May the rain fall for luscious life,” he echoed.
I looked back at Sir Iopie who was still behind me. To my horror he still had his wine flask in his hand. I shot him a horrific look. He looked surprised, forgetful and embarrassed all at once as he took a look at the flask, then at the Elf, then shoved it behind his back and smiled. “Let it rain,” he said.
I forced myself not to laugh, but bite down hard on my tongue. I dismounted Clupint and held the reins in my hand.
“What brings the fair queen to our humble mountaintop?” The Elf asked. I assumed him to be the king. He reached forth a willowy, graceful hand to take Clupint’s reins from me and handed them to another elf. I noticed a large, red signet ring on his middle finger. It had a hideous creature on it, all bent over with cruel fangs that dripped with blood thirsty saliva. I couldn’t tell exactly what color it would be in real life, but it seemed to be ebony and hairy. It was a monster I had never seen nor heard of before. I gazed at the ring questioningly, not wanting to ask about it, but terribly curious. 
“Gkantrolt,” The Elf said, drawing his hand nearer to him, rubbing it both nervously and defensively. “It is a Gkantrolt. They are a mythical creature of our ancestors.”
I nodded, though slightly bemused. He was acting very strangely about it. Tense, uneasy. But suddenly that faded as trumpets began to blast in time with a million feet running to greet me and lead me to their castle. In a matter of seconds I engulfed by skinny, lofty shimmering figures. They were so silent and beautiful, such graceful and gentle creatures. They were so close to me that I could smell them. Like peppermint figs and goat’s milk. Very sweet. Their many voices floated all around me, suave and syrupy like honey. My head starting swimming in a sea of murmuring glee.
“Come, Queen Layla! Another meal will be scheduled in your honor!”
I was swept away over a hill to where their castle was in view. I gasped. Their castle was beyond heavenly. It was floating on several blue clouds, hovering a few feet above the ground. As I walked towards it, I, myself, felt as if I were floating. My feet glided an inch over the long, thin grass. Grass that was like thin, blonde hair. Golden hair. My thoughts were fuzzy; a place like this wouldn’t let you think straight. It was too extravagant. I didn’t even bother to look around and see what Adda or Conrad was doing. Or to make sure Sir Iopie didn’t have his wine flask back out. I just kept my eyes on the sight in front of me.
“The Castle of Blithe!” An Elfish voice cried out.
The Castle of Blithe.



Chapter 3

I stood in the middle of a plush, shiny bedchamber. I felt like I was on the moon. Everything was either silver or a shimmering white, sometimes so glittery I had to look away. The bed I was to sleep on had a silky silver coverlet thrown over the top, with star shaped pillows tossed over. Flowers adorned the walls and bedposts, which climbed to the ceiling. The floor was like ice, but it wasn’t slippery. There was a claw-foot tub in one corner, but the feet were enormous, like the Gkantrolt that had been on King Eathay’s finger. I walked over to it and grazed my finger along the white and gray marble. It was smooth, cold and hard. I clacked my fingernails on it. It reminded me of my spiral staircase.
“You may want to take a bath before meal, Majesty.” A voice came like foaming bubbles, leaping out of the sea and onto the shore. I turned around to find the skinniest Elf I’d seen yet, standing at a graceful attention. She had long wavy hair, the color of gold, and it looked wet. Her skin was pale as cream, but metallic. Her eyes were emerald, creating contrast from her skin and white ankle-length dress. In her hands she held a blue, fluffy towel, and dozens of corked bottles. In the bottles there were dark purple liquids, dark blue liquids, clear and pink. She started walking towards me, her long, narrow, bare feet silent on the frosted floor. “Lunui gen toj! What is your favorite scent? Cintapink has always suited me, but you look like a Grapen.”
Grapen? Cintapink? What was that supposed to mean? “Uh, I prefer to smell like… blue.” I pointed to the bottle with the blue fragrance. The bottle looked broken; the way it was designed, it bent over in the middle.
The Elf girl laughed. It sounded like somebody shaking a glass full of ice and bells. “Bluz? It might become you.” She set the fragrances on the side of the tub. “I’ll have a servant bring up some warm water. Yee-gots.” The Elf girl stopped with the towel in her arms, just staring at me. But not a rude stare. She seemed to be figuring me out. Her brow was slightly creased in concentration, her eyes squinted in a way that made her look both intelligent and beautiful.
Suddenly a servant entered with two buckets full of steaming water. Her shoulders slanted from side to side with the weight of her load, sweat brimming her nose and chin. She set them down them down by the tub, then turned and looked at the Elf girl. It was like a stare-down. Then the Elf servant smiled, and so did the Elf girl. And then the servant left.
“How did she know to bring it? You hadn’t even left the room to request the water yet!” I bent over by the Elf girl as she poured the water into the tub. “And why do you just stare at people like that?”
The Elf girl laughed as the steam rose into our faces. I felt condensation forming on my face. “Silly Tenyjo! I am not staring at them! I am talking to them. If you were at peace of mind, or if you would have at least listened, you would have heard when I was talking to you.”
 I straightened my back and put my hands on my hips, trying to figure her out. “Yes. Well.” I squinted my eyes in concentration. Could she really speak through her mind? And if she really could, could I? “Do you think you could try again?” I asked. “I’ll really listen this time.”
She turned and smiled at me. Her eyes looked mystical. You’re a brave Queen Layla, brave and bold. I heard a voice in the back of my mind. I started getting excited. I tried to talk back to her: And you’re beautiful. What’s your name? But she didn’t seem to hear me.
“You’re not an Elf,” the girl said. “If you are trying to talk to me I cannot hear you.”
I sighed, “Oh.” I looked over into the bathtub, which was now full of bubbly water. Pink bubbles. Why pink?
“Meal is in an hour.” With a graceful bow, the Elf girl turned the leave the room.
“Wait!” I called. “What’s your name?” 
“Unstacia.” She left, shutting the door behind her.
Unstacia. I took off my gown and slipped into the silky water. It was the perfect temperature. A beautiful, unique name, Unstacia, and it fit the Elf girl very well. I took a giant sponge off the shelf next to me. It changed colors as it soaked up the water. I squeezed it over my arms, rinsing the grime of a weeks journey. The water was cloudy, but not from dirt. It was like bathing in a fresh rain cloud.
After my fingers had wrinkled and the I felt like a goddess. I stood up. Water trinkled off my body. I took the fluffiest towel I had ever seen (surprisingly not silver, but a frothy white) and dried my body. As the towel glided over my arm, I began to shimmer. Glow, even. I slinked my clothes on then stepped in front of a body-length mirror. I looked like the ocean at sunset, minus the blue. I went to towel my hair and realized it was already dry. So I brushed it. My dark, shiny tresses fell over my shoulders like tarnished bronze. Looking in the mirror, I wrinkled my nose. I hardly looked like myself. I contorted my face and snorted. I still acted like myself. With a giggle I wheeled and ran out the room, stopping at the staircase. There, three Elf menservants were waiting for me. Two of them linked arms with me and the third held up the train of my skirt. They ushered me to move forward, down the staircase. My shoes clacked down the stairs as my eyes wandered around, studying the banquet hall and the hundreds of Elf guests. The ceiling over the one-hundred foot long table was a glass dome, and light spurted into the glittering room. High-backed chairs surrounded the table, each of them owned by one long, slender hand placed upon them. Suddenly I jumped, taken aback by roaring trumpets. One would think they would play flutes or something to announce someone, since they were so graceful in every other way.
“Presenting her Majesty, Queen Layla!”
I smiled as I always did when I was proclaimed aloud, which was forced, but cheerful. I rolled my eyes, at the word Queen, hoping no one would see. It was still so new. I was almost at the bottom step. I could smell roasted hog, broiled fish, and–
“Brye!” I screamed. I didn’t smell him, but I saw him. A million times better. He was at the bottom of the steps, grinning and looking important, waiting for me! My mouth melted into a sincere smile as I picked up my dress and ran down the last two stairs. I surprised the Elves beside and behind me. I looked behind me at them, making sure I hadn’t hurt them. When I turned my head back around I stepped on my dress and fell. Into Brye’s arms.
“I don’t think you’ll ever change,” he said into my hair. I started laughing, my head against his chest. He gently lifted my off of him and stared into my eyes, with a half smile. “You hungry?” he asked, nothing on his face moving but his mouth.
“Famished,” I whispered. He took my hand and led me to the table. Since Brye was now the king of two kingdoms, he sat at the head of the table with me at his right. The Elf King sat at the foot. Silver platters full of steaming food was placed in front of us, and we watched it eagerly until King Eathay lifted this fork and nodded for us to start eating. I plunged my knife into a fish steak, juice oozing from the hot filet. When I brought my fork to my mouth, I stopped, realizing Conrad was staring straight at me. He was sitting four seats down from me, with Adda beside him. He looked strangely angry, his jaw set and his eyes fiery. I forced myself to look elsewhere and put my fork in my mouth. I turned to Brye, who was turned to me. He opened his mouth to say something, but the Duke of Grangen from across the table started talking to him.
“How are the Dreidans taking the drastic change? I mean, two rulers can be sort of confusing.”
Brye replied, telling him that he was only a ruler while he was in the kingdom. It was complicated, hard for some to understand. Usually when a prince got married (or almost married) he stayed prince until his father died, or resigned, then becoming king. But it was different in our situation. Brye had betrothed the princess of a kingless kingdom, therefore having to take up responsibility there. It was a whole mess of laws and rules that hadn’t been touched in centuries. Most of the time I just pretended to understand.
“Layla,” Brye said. I realized he had finished his conversation with the Duke. I came back from my wonderland of thoughts and responded with sharp, “Hmmm?” 
Brye took a swig from his goblet and sat it down gently. He opened his mouth to speak once more, his lips formed around the words. But he sighed, closed his mouth and said, “I’ve got all the men we’ll ever need. Dreidan militia and Tentaleighen. Even some Calvary.” He paused and wet his lips with his tongue. “Have you spoken to the Elf King yet?”
“I only just arrived a few hours ago.” I could feel my heart flouncing in my chest. I was so excited to have Brye sitting right next to me again. I wanted to tell him everything that had happened since we were separated, but at the same time I wanted only to sit and soak in his presence. He had a hindered sparkle in his eye, and a smile on his lips. I felt like laughing, but I stayed silent.
“Yes, I know you haven’t been here long. I haven’t either.” Brye leaned forward, his voice deeper and softer. “I was just inquiring.”
“Do you think he’ll tell us what we need to know? I don’t know much about him, if he is selfish or not. He may want to keep the secret for himself, you know.” I spoke from the top of my head.
Brye laughed a little knowing laugh. “I can’t be sure, but he might be anxious and ready to get rid of the evil creatures.”
I hadn’t really kept my mind on the subject. Why wouldn’t King Eathay be more than glad to give us the information we needed to eradicate the Colies? It only made sense.
“I’ll arrange it, and we can speak to King Eathay during noon meal tomorrow.” Brye had his hand on his fork, but he didn’t lift it off the table. I looked at his plate. He hadn’t eaten a thing. I looked up at his face and started laughing. I couldn’t help it.


Morning crept up without forewarning. Before I knew it the sun was peeking through my window and shining on my pillow. I raised my head and looked around the room. Almost immediately I shut them back; the room was blinding. The sun reflecting on all the silver was terribly stunning.
I sat up on the bed and put my feet on the floor, all the time keeping my eyes closed. The floor was warm and damp. It almost felt like melting ice, but without the cold. As I stood up I was careful to steady myself on the bedpost and not slip onto the floor. I turned my head suddenly as I heard the door open and someone enter the room. I saw long blonde hair and a slinky figure. It was Unstacia. I froze and cleared my mind, hoping she would try to talk to me through her mind. It was the queerest sensation hearing her voice in my head. It didn’t sound the same as it did audibly, but higher pitched and hollow, with a metallic echo. Nearly frightening, but intriguing at the same time.
“Good morning!” Unstacia cheered, holding a basket of silks under her arm. She had talked to me out loud. I released myself from my frozen pose and started walking, wanting to get to the end of my bed to get dressed. But it was difficult. My feet slipped apart, sliding across the floor in the wrong direction. The clutched the bedpost with all my might. Keeping one hand holding on, I turned around and grabbed the windowsill. Carefully I pulled myself to it, still sliding. No doubt I looked a riotous spectacle.
“Juen fre’long vou!”
I tried to turn my panting head to look at Unstacia. She was laughing, a tinkling little sound that was smoothing over my nerves. “How am I supposed to walk on this floor, Unstacia? It’s as slippery as a wriggling fish!”
Another tinkling laugh. “Oh, Tenyjo! Walk on your tiptoes!”
I raised onto my toes and let go of the windowsill. Amazingly I didn’t slip. I was so thickskulled! I hadn’t a brain in my head. Sometimes I wondered how I made it through The Forest of Despondency and lived to see the sun again. I skulked over to Unstacia trying to figure out what she held in her arms. She let them drop on the silver trunk at the foot of my bed.
“Jke! More appropriate clothing for your visit here. So you don’t stand out for everyday endeavors.” She stepped back for me to study the garments. They were all beautiful, so many different colors…
“What are these colors called?” I asked.
Unstacia got a twinkle of mirth in her eyes. “Well,” she softly put her hand on one. “This one is pink, like the color I’m wearing. This one is blue, this one is a light green, paler than the sea. This one yellow, this one gray…” she trailed off, her mouth round in a smile from teasing me so genially.
“Oh?” I laughed sarcastically. Then more serious, “I couldn’t be sure! Last time, all the colored fragrances had the queerest names. I didn’t want to look dumb, but I guess that can’t be helped with someone as smart as you around!” Unstacia almost doubled up with laughter after my last sentence. I laughed along with her, enjoying her company greatly. She was my only female companion besides Adda, but I hadn’t seen much of her lately.
“Unstacia?” I said. She looked at me with helpful eyes. “What are you? I mean, I know that you’re an Elf. But are you a servant? A slave? Or are you kin to the royal family?” I watched Unstacia as she swallowed hard, her eyes sharp and clear. Then in the back of my mind I heard an, I don’t know.
“I’m most certainly not kin to the royal family. But I’m not sure if I’m a servant, or a slave. I have been something along the lines of a chambermaid and a lady-in-waiting for as long as I can remember. I don’t have to do any really dirty work, but I’m not one that lives in silk and pearls,” Unstacia confessed to me. “I don’t think I have complete freedom. But I’ve never tried to leave Mount Geoterilavus. I’ve never really thought about it.”
I watched the slender Elf girl with sympathetic eyes. I had always known what I was: a princess. What kind of life did Unstacia live? How could she have been so content for all her life? It made me feel so small and discontent comparing her attitude to mine a year ago.
I could hear Unstacia breathing. “I never knew either of my parents. The queen found me in her marble garden. Instead of raising me as her own, she raised me as a miniature lady-in-waiting. I have always lived with the servants. My life has always been the same day after day, really.”
I stared at the ceiling listening to her. It wasn’t really a sad life, but it made me feel pity for her. “Haven’t you ever dreamed of something bigger?”
Unstacia gave me a blank stare and a slight shake of the head. She probably didn’t know of anything to dream of. 
“Are you book learned?”
Unstacia shook her head again. “No. I have no education other than sewing, cooking, serving and waiting.”
I retrieved a book from one of my bags, finding the floor to be fit for walking flat-footed. It was a history book with all of great stories of all the great warriors. LaShebah told me I as destined to be in it someday. That thrilled me to the bone. Me, in a history book? I would have to do something of great importance, like lift the curse on The Forest of Despondency. I placed the book in Unstacia’s arms, who received it like a wide-eyed child in receipt of her first birthday present.
“Can you read?” I asked of her.
“Ye– yes, I can. Thank you, your majesty.” She bowed her head and took a step back, bumping into the bed.
“Please don’t call me ‘your majesty’,” I cried. “Layla. Simply Layla. I’m more accustomed to it.”
“Layla,” Unstacia repeated quietly. She held the book gently in her arms as she gazed at it. Suddenly her eyes lighted up, and she swung her head up at me. “Are you in this book?
Those words tickled my stomach. I smiled broadly and shook my head. Even though I had to disappoint her by telling her I wasn’t in it, she made my spirit soar by her even thinking I might have been. My unusual life was probably impressive to her.
“Tko! Did you remember, Tenyjo? Gown, choose a gown,” Unstacia said abruptly, reminding me. I picked up a light blue gown to make her happy.
“Now,Tenyjo, let me help you dress.” Unstacia helped my slip out of my nightgown. At the castle at home, I had always dressed myself. The gown Unstacia was lacing up in the back was of the lightest material that had ever touched my skin. I could barely feel it, and I was afraid it would be too sheer to wear. But when I stepped in front of the mirror, I felt like a princess again. There was slits all around the dress, showing my knees as I moved. Where I had felt Unstacia lacing me up, my back showed through from my shoulders to my waist. If felt incredibly free. I stared at myself in the mirror. Then, taking me aback, my hair curled into large, loose ringlets, and my lips changed color. I stared for another second, then turned to confront Unstacia. But before I could ask anything, she answered.
“The dress knows. Now you look your best.”
A tall man Elf entered the room. Unstacia turned her gaze toward him and clasped her hands in front of her.
“Layla, King Brydon is waiting for you on the terrace,” said he, then left.
He had called me simply ‘Layla’. Was he being disrespectful? Had he forgotten? Or…
“I told him to hold the title. He said, ‘anything to make the Queen happy’.” Unstacia had told him through her mind. What a miraculous gift all of them had. “Follow me, and I’ll take you to the terrace.”


Chapter 4

I slipped little white silk slippers on my feet and followed the graceful Elf out of the room. She led through wide corridors with so many windows there was hardly an inch of wall, and balconies around every corner. Sheer curtains flapped gently in the breeze. Then we stopped, rather abruptly, at a big, silver door. Unstacia bowed her head and made her leave. I supposed I was to enter the door, so I took hold of the leaf-shaped handles and opened it.
On the other side of the door, there was not a room at all. It was simply the largest, most spectacular terrace I’d ever seen. It had to be the highest point on the mountain; everything seemed visibly from here. As was Brye.
“Layla!” He had been gazing over the thick ivory railing until he spotted me. He ran over to me and took my hands, smiled at me for a few very long seconds, then dropped one and led me by the other to the edge of the terrace.
“You can see everything from here,” Brye said, gazing over the mountain. Then he turned to me. “The last time we were on a terrace together, you weren’t in a very good mood. But the second I stepped foot here I knew you had to see it. That’s why I sent for you.”
“I’m glad you did.” I was truthful. I felt so minor in such vast beauty. 
For a few moments, there was silence. But I could feel two eyes upon me. In a burst, I talked to fill the stillness. “I’ve nearly forgotten why I came here, with all of this around. I need to request an audience with King Eathay.”
Brye smiled. “I’ve already done that.”
Stopping Brye from running his hand up my arm, the ground exploded, or looked like it exploded. Dirt went flying, and I screamed.
“If that’s a regular occurrence, then it’s definitely the downfall of living here.” Brye, of course, wasn’t taking this seriously. Not until a creature nearly the size of the Castle of Blithe emerged from the ground. I grabbed on to Brye as if clinging for dear life.
“What is it?” I asked him. I watched his face crease with worry. I could tell he knew.
“Come on!” He spun around and grabbed my hand, and we fled the terrace. Brye slung the silver door open and didn’t bother closing it. We flew down the hallway, hand in hand, not bothering to look back. Suddenly a sound entered the air, like giant baby wailing.
“That’s an alarm for the people,” Brye shouted above it.
This creature was dangerous enough to need an alarm. The thought of that was slightly frightening.
We rounded the corner and ran into an Elf man, knocking him to the ground. When all recovered I saw that he had a uniform on, and that there was several Elf man wearing the same thing all around. They were gathered around a spot on the floor, opening a trap door.
“King Brydon,” The Elf that we had knocked down said, “are you going to ride against the Belraingst?”
The Belraingst?
“Yes, and so will my Queen,” Brye gave me a prompting look.
Abruptly I said, “Yes, yes I will.” Then I realized I had just agreed to ride against the Belraingst.
“Come on, into armor,” an Elf from behind said as he forced a fitted breastplate obviously made for a woman over my head. I could hardly breathe, but I wasn’t sure what the cause was. It could have been my armor, but it might just as easily been my nerves.
“And ‘ere’s your sword,” the Elf said again, handing me the a leather sleeve with a wooden handle poking out. I took it from him and pulled it out of the sleeve. It was… wooden.
“I think you’ve given me the wrong sword,” I replaced the sleeve and handed it back to him. He took it out and examined it, then handed it back to me.
“No milady, ‘tis the right one.”
“But it is wooden!” I exclaimed, placing the wooden sword under his nose for a closer examination.
“Aye, ‘tis supposed to be,” he gently pushed it out of his face.
What he said was alarming, and my heart beat faster than before. “But, sir, how am I to kill the beast with plain wood? It won’t even pierce it!”
“Who says it won’t?” He watched me as he sorted out other’s armor. “No iron will kill the beast. Only wood. There is no other way.”
I stood there, not sure what to think, holding the leather sleeve with numbing fingers. It didn’t make sense. How could wood be stronger than any iron? How could a play sword kill the Belraingst? This was a suicidal mission!
“Off you go, milady,” a different Elf gave me a push in Brye’s direction. He was already heading down the wide corridor with a terribly dry and grave look upon his face. I sped up to him quickly and caught his sleeve.
“Brye, I don’t understand. They talk of a terrifying beast that could destroy the whole of Mount Geoterilavus, yet they give us wooden swords!”
He kept his steady gaze in front of him. He looked so valiant, in slow motion, marching with his defiant look and sword–even if it was wooden– in his strong hand. His blue eyes blazed fearlessly. The whole world seemed to stop for him. He glanced at me, and kept walking. Fearless.
Suddenly time sped up as we stepped into a veranda full of Elves ready to go into battle. The Belraingst had a enormous boulder in his hand, and I flinched because I was afraid he was about to hurl it my way. But instead, to my surprise, he opened his rotten-toothed mouth and ate it.
“Brye,” I stopped him, grabbing his arm. “Please explain the Belraingst to me.”
He looked back at me, his mouth opened to speak, but he shut it again. With his second effort he spoke. “The Belraingst is a creature that lives hibernated in the dirt for hundreds of years, only emerging to devour stone. Stone makes them grow larger, and it takes so long to digest that they only need to eat it every couple hundred years. The reason they live under ground is because they are vulnerable to wood. The wood poisons their blood in a matter of minutes.”
“That explains the swords,” I said.
“Exactly.”
“But if they only eat stone, why are they such a threat to us and the Elves?”
I saw Brye’s old sparkle return to his eyes for a brief moment. “What do you think the castle is made of?”
Leaving me to answer the question by myself, Brye left me and stood by the Elfin knights at the railing. It was tradition to jump off this veranda onto their horses before a battle. But Elves were made differently than humans, and I could tell the anxious look on Brye’s face that he wasn’t sure he was going to jump off with them.
So the Elves feared the Belraingst was going to eat the castle? It was an odd thought, but even so I was contemplating reality. According to them it was true, and I had agreed without second thoughts to help fight him off– even though the reason I hadn’t had second thoughts was because I agreed before I could even have my first thought.
I watched an Elf hand Brye a rope. “Come hold this for me, Layla.” I walked over to him and took the end of the rope as he tied the other one to the rail. After tugging it a few times to make sure it was secure, he took my end it dropped it.
“Elfin warriors, and courageous and generous King Brydon, ready yourselves for dismount.”
Brye hopped over the rail and stood on the other side supporting himself by the rope, and he looked like he was floating.
“Please don’t die,” I said to him, leaning over the rail to him. I was half joking, half serious.
“Elfin warriors, dismount!”
Brye’s eyes twinkled as he leaned forward and briskly but warmly kissed me on the cheek. “I promise.” And he was gone.
It was a really a thing that one could just promise, not to die, but I held on to his words as he rode on valiantly towards the Belraingst.
“Layla!” An Elfin commander was at my side. By now word must’ve passed through all the Elves minds that I disliked the name ‘Queen’.
“You’re to go on the distraction party. Follow Melinre and he will show you,” the commander told me. Behind him was what I of as thought somewhat shorter Elf–and then I realized he was not Elf at all. He looked almost Beatiez, but in another way, simply human. He held his hands clasped firmly in front of him, and his green eyes were sharp and lively. His hair, like a bowl put over his head, fell in his eyes. He brushed it away as he made a bow.
“If you will follow me, milady.”
So I followed the man. He had a quick and lively step, and I had to slightly quicken my own pace to match his.
“If it is not too bold, I daresay you are the only woman I’ve ever known to go into battle of her own free will. Very brave I’ll say.”
He had a nice accent, extending the f in if, saying bold as bode, and woman, wooo-min. The pitch in his voice was neither deep nor high, and the eagerness that sounded made a conversation strike up on its’ own.
“The brave part was standing up for what I wanted to do even if it wasn’twhat everyone else thought was respectable. That journey taught me more lessons than any battle field ever could,” I responded.
“Aye, assumable logic.”
Our footsteps echoed in the wide corridor. The crystal teardrop chandeliers tinkled as the Belraingst’s bellow once more shook the castle. Melinre’s footsteps quickened, as did mine as the picture of Brye sliding down the rope flashed through my mind. Soon the two of us were running, my skirts gathered in my hands. My bare ankles gave all they could, driven by fear.
“Does this breastplate cover my back?” I thought out loud, remembering how the dress exposed the entity of it. Did I have to choose this day to be fashionable? Melinre slowed himself a bit and checked for me.
“Noo. Bare as a chicken ready for the pot.” He gave me a funny scowl, likely wondering why I was such a dupe as to wear something as this. I began wondering myself. If I would have known the events of today, surely I would have been more sensible.
Finally we came upon a trap door in the floor. Melinre lifted it open and then led the way down to a courtyard outside the castle walls. Nearly fifty horsed men were patiently awaiting orders. There were two more horses for Melinre and I. I glided over and mounted the larger one, assuming the slightly shorter one was for Melinre, since he was shorter. My horse gave a reluctant grunt. I mimicked him, wishing he was Clupint. My lovely Clupintisaur, who had been a gift from the lady ruler of the Beatiez. The thought of that day made me think of Jedni, my pure black stallion who had been my life long companion, who Clupint was meant to replace. But no other horse could replace Jedni. That didn’t mean I loved Clupint less, I loved him just the same. We had been through so much together in this past year. It was simply impossible to even compare the two horses whatsoever.
“Layla!” Melinre was on his horse now. He held a horse whip in on hand, and I glared hard at it for a second without realizing it. I thought it them a wrong thing unless the horse was a mule.
“Ooh, this?” Melinre saw my eyes, and held up the whip. “Oh, doon’t woory ‘bout it. See, the Garnei wouldn’t go unless I had it.”
A Garnei? I looked the miniature horse’s nose. It was A Garnei all right. I hadn’t realized it before. But the nose gave it away, full in it’s pug, fist sized nostrils. Luckily hair filled them out, because if you didn’t, you could see clear inside his head. Brye had told me that, once, when I was younger. He had told me that while at home in Dreideth, him and one of the castle servant’s son’s had done it. I believed him then, and seeing the Garnei face to face, I didn’t start to doubt him. “I’ve never seen one before,” I told Melinre.
“Consider yerself lucky. Wish I’d never laid eyes oon him myself. Stubborn as a mule and dumb as a pig. Always makes me nervous oout in battle,” he said.
“Yes,” I said, “I am sure I prefer a horse.”
Suddenly a shrill horn caught the air, piercing it so unexpectedly that I felt as though I should have been knocked unconscious. But, I wasn’t, and I followed unknowingly as everyone started riding behind another Elfin Commander. I assumed we were going out into battle now.
“That noise is foor the Belraingst, to distract it,” Melinre explained.
This was actually my first arranged battle. Every time I fought it was always so unorganized, always spur of the moment, “Hey! Let’s go kill the bad guy!” This was very different for me. I couldn’t say I disliked it, but neither could I say I enjoyed it. I was used to being the leader, and now I was in the middle of the pack.
We rounded the bend and the Belraingst came into full view, now at eye level. At that second I decided I was glad I was in the middle, and even the back wouldn’t be that disappointing. It was humongous, bigger than anything (besides a giant tree, which it almost resembled) I had ever encountered in my life. I was very tempted to stop the horse in it’s tracks and wait for the Elves to kill him, or drive him back underground, or whatever they did. They haddone this before, and I was worse than an amateur at Belraingst killing. But then I saw Brye. Amateur or pro no longer seemed to matter. 
He was in the path of the monster. 
I let out an uncontrolled scream, startling the horses. Some looked at me funny, but I didn’t take notice. I slapped the horse’s rump and sped past everyone, not even hearing Melinre’s call for me to stop. Nothing seemed to matter more right now than saving Brye.
He was dodging the Belraingst’s footsteps, but I could tell it had to be difficult, and he couldn’t keep up much longer. I really didn’t know what to do. So I just drew my sword, and charged. With my mouth open wide, and my eyes wider, the horse made a sudden stop that threw me off and onto the Belraingst’s foot, driving the sword into it’s upper shin accidentally. But it gave me a handle, even if it did stain my hands with blood. The Belraingst roared in pain, and stood still, but didn’t fall. Brye was safe. He looked at me in surprise, and another look that I couldn’t figure out, but it looked like serious concern.
Then I knew why. I looked up, and for a split second, I saw a giant Belraingst fist coming at me.


Chapter 5

A blur of light lay before me as I listened to a voice I didn’t recognize. There was a new scent about, and I felt like I was lying in water, yet I wasn’t wet. The whole atmosphere of where I laid was totally unfamiliar, but I was very comfortable wherever I was.
“Glad to see you woke up. And what a perfect night! …will be so happy.”
Who would be so happy? I wasn’t listening attentively. I was too distracted with the pain in my head. I reached up and felt the bandage, just swooping over my right eye and wrapping around my head.
“Who’d be so happy?” I asked the voice, who was in fact a jolly, plump little lady who was obviously not Elfin. Her short springy blonde hair and round face let you know that for a fact.
“Oh, Dr. Perbal, dear. The herbal doctor here at the castle of blithe,” she said with a wide, warming grin.
I smiled slightly with a nod and made an effort to sit up, but my hand splashed down on the mattress. Splashed? I shifted my body and scooted back my raft of a pillow. I was lying in water, but I wasn’t getting wet. I was baffled, staring down at the… goldfish?…swimming at the bottom of the water bed. I wasn’t sure how I was floating, but I was, and it was quite cozy.
 “Now don’t you get up, now, dear! I’ll just go get Dr. Perbal and tell him your new condition. He’ll be quite pleased, and wanting to do a final inspection before we let you go to the fire tonight, so you just sit tight and don’t get up!”
She didn’t have to worry about me getting up. And what was she talking about, the fire? Why, in fact, was my head bandage and throbbing like an egg about to hatch? Suddenly I recalled last night and the Belraingst. Or had it even been last night? I could’ve been in here for years! The fire, it could be the burning of Brye’s old, now dead body! I looked at my reflection in the water. I was still young, but a little rumpled looking. I tried to calm my hair down a little bit with my hands, but Dr. Perbal entered the room abruptly. Suddenly I took a second look at the doctor.
Dr. Perbal was Soea.
Soea!
Again he appears, unexpectedly. My trust was certainly still wavering. I didn’t know what to think about this, this… sorcerer. He had to be. Only a sorcerer could keep from being recognized by anyone but me. But why me?
“So nice to see you , Dr. Soea,” I said quickly before I lost my courage.
He smiled nicely, as if praising me. “You too, princess.”
“Princess?”
He sat down potions on a nearby– you guessed it– silver table. “That is what you are. Not commoner, not peasant, not noble, and definitely not Queen.”
His words were astonishingly offensive. Not that I favored being called ‘Queen’, but while I was Queen, I didn’t want to be called ‘not the Queen’. It was highly disrespectful, and even while I wasn’t completely in charge here, I was not going to be taken advantage of. Not by him.
Being sarcastic and rude, I said, “And I suppose you are?”
He grinned, as if amused. But he didn’t look directly at me. “No ma’am, I’m not a royal. I don’t even wish I was.”
He was so terribly confusing. “Oh… then why are you following me?” I demanded.
“My dear girl, I’m not following you. But it does amuse me that we happen to meet so very frequently.” He walked over to me with a small burning orb, “Open wide.”
I opened my mouth and he peered inside, just like a normal doctor. The more I thought about it, the more normal he seemed. But could he be lying about not wanting to seize the throne? Then again, he didn’t exactly seem to be the type of person who wanted to be in the center of attention all the time. I wanted to trust him so badly, but at the same time I wished I could order a guard to lock him up forever so I could feel safe.
“Good girl, you can close your mouth now.” He dropped the orb in the water bed. It extinguished, and sunk to the bottom. A goldfish quickly gobbled it up.
“I don’t understand you,” I told him.
“Not many do.”
Just then Brye entered the room. I let out a relieved sigh, feeling that he saved me, even though now I wouldn’t be able to confront Soea. And I wasn’t about to tell anyone who the ‘Dr. Perbal’ really was. That was my little secret.
“How’re you feeling?” Brye strutted over to me.
“Good enough,” I replied.
Brye looked at the doctor. Would he recognize him as the peddler? “You can leave us now, Dr. Perbal.” I saw no sign of recognition on Brye’s face. I let out a sigh. “What’s the matter?” Brye asked. 
I shook my head. 
“I spoke with Eathay,” he told me.
“What have you learned? Anything important?” I asked, with anticipation.
Brye let air out of pursed lips. “It’s important, that’s for sure. Critical.” He paused.
Was he keeping me in suspense on purpose? “Is it that bad?”
Suddenly, he smiled. “I can’t make out if it’s good, or if it’s bad.”
“What do you mean?”
Brye shrugged. “I guess it’s just not as complicated as I had dreamed. Simply kill all the Colies, and the place evaporates.”
“It’s more complicated than it sounds,” I reassured him in a cautioning tone.
“That’s what keeps me from being ecstatic.” Brye stared down, in concentration. Or was it concentration? His eyes were on my bed. “What is that?”
“Not sure, really,” I looked down in the water. Alarm shot through my body as I saw Soea’s face in with my own reflection. I spun around, and there he stood, in his doctor suit, with a glass containing a creamy gray liquid.
“Dr. Perbal,” Brye sounded started.
“You just… appear a lot of unexpected places, don’t you?” I squinted my eyes at him. He seemed to have an amused sparkle about him, still.
“Drink this, dear Queen, and you’ll be out of the bed in a matter of seconds.”
I glared at his royal remark.
“Bed?” Brye queried.
Soea was about to walk off. He turned to Brye, “Ah, waterbed, that is.”


I found out what the fire was. I had only been unconscious for a day and a half, and the Belraingst was to be burned tonight, a giant bonfire. Everyone on Mount Geot was to attend. Including me. When the sun went down, and the sky darkened, I was escorted by Brye to where the Belraingst had fallen. It was lit on fire by King Eathay. It flamed up in a matter if seconds, and before I could adore the glow and warmth there were Elves dancing all around the fire.
“So, it was good for something,” I said.
Brye chuckled, staring at the leaping flames. I saw Conrad out of the corner of my eye, sitting alone, a blank expression on his face. He didn’t seem to be enjoying himself in the least bit. Maybe I could cheer him up.
“I’ll be right back,” I told Brye. I walked on the outside of the dancers, watching them with delight. How come they didn’t appeal to Conrad?
I plopped down beside him. I waited for him to say something, seeing that he was usually eager to talk with me. But when he just kept his eyes in the same spot, I remained silent. Had he not fought the Belraingst? Was that his problem? Or maybe he hadn’t been allowed. But why not? I stared at my feet.
“I’m ready to fight the Colies.”
He startled me, and I looked up. “Oh,” I watched him, wondering. What was that supposed to mean? “Is there anything wrong, Conrad?”
He looked at me, just stared. His eyes were cold, almost mean. “Just tired.”
Had I done something to upset him? Because, obviously, someone had. This was not his normal self. I thought back on the last time I had spoken to him… when was it? I tried to remember, but the most recent time I could remember was when he had saved me from Soea’s flower potion. Was that the last time? Was that his problem? Now that I thought of it, I couldn’t recall even thanking him. I hadn’t even thanked him!
“Conrad,” I looked at him.
With his arms crossed, his face still blank, he looked at me.
“Thanks for taking care of me when I almost died,” I tried to get a reaction out of him.
“Yeah, well someone has to take care of the queen when her king isn’t around.” He was staring into the fire again.
How stubborn he was! I couldn’t help it Brye was the one I cared for, and not him. But, what if when we went into the Forest of Despondency, he did happen to die? And what if it were on purpose, because of me? I had to fix things, even though he shouldn’t be this way towards me.
“I bet you tell him everything.” Conrad’s eyes didn’t shift.
My eyes lit up, as I looked up at him. “Not everything.” I hadn’t told him about Soea.
Conrad’s eyes shot at me, bright for a second, but then faded. “And what’s that?”
I bit my lip for a second. I could tell him, couldn’t I? He would probably think I made it up, but he might not. I was dying to tell someone anyhow. If I made him swear not to tell a soul, if he wouldn’t kill himself on purpose, I could tell him.
“You want to know a real secret?”
So, with a mischievous smile, another soul was told of Soea.



Chapter 6

“Preparations made?”
“An army of seven hundred soldiers are waiting at the entrance of the forest.”

I sat on the bed of my room in the Castle of Blithe. In a way, I really didn’t want to leave it. The place was relaxing, and so beautiful. Adda wanted to stay until the stars fell out of the sky, like in the bubble picture book. But the Dreidan Army was waiting for us at the Forest of Despondency. I had packed my things, and they were already loaded onto my horse. I hadn’t brought much. So it hadn’t taken long to pack, and I wish it had. I was waiting for Unstacia to come back up so I could say good-bye.
I’m almost there!
I heard her voice in my head. Every time she did that I wished I were an Elf. I could talk with whomever I wanted, wherever they were!
“Layla, Tenyjo! I made it. Princess Shalb had so many dress orders.” Unstacia entered the room, her light feet making not a sound.
“Well,” I slid off the bed and stood up. “I’m leaving. And I don’t know if I’ll ever be back here on Mount Geot.”
“I know,” she said softly. She took a step towards me, and made a slight curtsy. After a silent pause she said, “It’s been a pleasure being your majesty’s waiting maid.”
I stepped forward and took her into embrace. I had enjoyed her company more than she knew. “It has been a pleasure,” I looked into her glazed eyes. How lonely my trip would be without her! But… why did it have to be without her? She wanted to see more of the earth, didn’t she? Why couldn’t she just come along? It wouldn’t be the first time I had taken along a companion from an unexpected place!
Excited, I spoke quickly. “Unstacia, don’t you want to know what other life you might have a chance to lead?”
She looked at me, a mischievous glare. “What do you plan?”
“Wouldn’t you want to come with me?”
She cast her eyes downward and sighed. “If only I was permitted, I wouldn’t mind facing the perils of the forest with you.”
I thought for a moment. Couldn’t I ask for Unstacia, as a gift? It wouldn’t be unheard of. And how could King Eathay say no? “Don’t worry about that! I have a plan. But you know the dangers of the forest, right? And you’ll come? That’s all I need to know.”
“Oh, yes! Tenyjo! Yes!” Her eyes glowed with the light of the moon against the stars. How could anyone say no to this kind of happiness? She deserved to get out of the castle. As badly as I had needed to get out of my own castle. And I could make it happen for her. How happy she’d be!
Unstacia and I fled down the stairs into the atrium where the King, Queen, Brye, and everyone was else was waiting. We slowed our pace and held our skirts daintily before anyone could see us rushing. Hide your excitement! Unstacia said. I bit my tongue and approached the King.
“King Eathay,” I curtsied deeply to him. “Many, many thanks for your hospitality. Staying here has been a great pleasure.”
King Eathay nodded his slender head in a graceful gesture. “If there is anything else I can ever do for you, please let me know.”
I smiled. “Oh? …Well, good king, there is one favor I would like to ask of you. A very minute one, but a favor just the same.”
“Tell me, child.” King Eathay was in a very good mood. And what a perfect opportunity to ask for Unstacia!
“Well, your majesty, my wonderful waiting maid was the most pleasant being I’ve ever been around. And, out there at battle, how much female company do I get? I would love to take her along with me, if you would consent to it.” I held my breath, waiting for his response. His faced lined with thought. How could he say no? Silence fell upon us, and for a moment he said nothing at all. It made me nervous.
“Unstacia has never been off the Mountain. If she were to so unexpectedly to jump off, with you, well… it would have to be her choice.” King Eathay looked behind me at my anxious waiting maid. How did he know her so well? Was there something I didn’t know?
I turned around and looked at her. She was looking at the king.
“If that’s what you wish, my child, you shall.” The king spoke, instead of Unstacia. Who curtsied even deeper than I had. When she looked up, her eyes were gleaming. She looked braver than Sweenlah had. Maybe it was her height. She was much, much taller. Was that a good omen?
Unstacia took my hand in hers. “Thank you, your highness, thank you, thank you.”
I squeezed her hand in return, not bothering to her scold for using my title. There was no need right now. I would not be lonely, and I would get a chance to show Unstacia the world! I was more excited than I had been in a long time.




Chapter 7

The cold morning dew prior to the embarking of a new adventure always made me excited. I breathed deep and let my chest fall. In front of me was Brye, and Unstacia was to my right. What a wonderful way to start a day!
“Where’s Conrad? I haven’t seen him this morning.” I looked around, but he wasn’t in sight. I thought I had made things better with him the night of the fire, smoothed over some unruly emotions, but with Conrad, I knew not what to expect.
Brye turned around and studied my face for a moment. There had been so many knew faces I couldn’t read since that day when father had been murdered, and we had fought on the cliff. Different faces that I hadn’t ever seen before.
“Layla,” Brye said slowly. “Is there something going on between the two of you I don’t know of?”
I scowled slowly. What would make him think that?
“It’s not that I don’t trust you,” his eyes were so intent.
“Of course not. There’s nothing I wouldn’t tell you.” I shook my head, reassuring him. Then again… there was a secret between Conrad and I. But it wasn’t anything he need worry about. “Well, there’s one thing,” I blurted, before I thought. I could’ve backhanded myself if my body moved in the correct positions. Plus it would look a little stupid. But I couldn’t tell anyone else about Soea! Surely he’d understand. He knew how much I love him.
Brye had a strange look on his face. I felt so guilty. “But it’s not–” I started, meaning to fix it, but king Eathay was at the front of our pack. 
He raised his long slender arms for silence, while he spoke. “Good Tentaleighen and Dreidan warriors,” he started. “We have been deeply honored by your presence these last few days. We shall do, and continue to do all that we can to help you, and remain allies until the sun no longer shines. We hope you shall do the same for us. May the rain fall for luscious life!”
“May the rain fall for luscious life!” we all said in chorus.
I was uncomfortable, though. I looked at Brye, but he avoided my eyes. That made me want to burst out in tears. It was the worst feeling in the world. The mountain air now felt cold, and I tugged on the sides of my woolen cloak.
Don’t worry, Layla. I heard everything. Don’t let it ruin your day! And what a beautiful day! I’m sure you meant no harm, and I’m sure Brye will understand once you get a chance to explain.
I turned and gave a pitiful smile to Unstacia. In a sense she was right, I shouldn’t let it ruin my day. And it wouldn’t. It would just make it more wistful. I let out a deep sigh. What a way to start an adventure.
“Good luck to you! My your face be shined upon. We all wish you the best fortune and believe in you,” King Eathay said a few more departing words. Then his gentle eyes met mine, and he smiled. I smiled back. Still wistful, though. I would be sad until I had a word with Brye to straighten everything out.
“Forward, ho!” I heard, then we started moving. After we had moving for a while, there was not doubt I could get a chance with Brye. I tried not to worry myself with the situation.



It was dusk. We were making camp outside the Forest of Despondency. The second I laid eyes on it, I started shivering, and I hadn’t stopped yet. I couldn’t believe I was going back in the horrid place. It made my stomach churn just thinking of the unfathomable darkness. And to think that it was in my future… it was like expecting death. Just around the bend. And no one around me knew what to expect– except Brye. Whom I hadn’t gotten a chance to talk with yet. That was haunting me worst of all. How was I supposed to sleep tonight with all this on my chest? I had to talk to him. Tonight.
I saw Brye sitting by the fire. His eyes were staring into the fire, a blank, engaged stare. “Brye,” I fled in his direction. He looked like he needed me. Or maybe it was I who needed him, his reassurance. “Brye,” I repeated, and this time he looked up. “Don’t be upset–” as I was about to fix everything, Conrad caught my arm.
“Layla, I need you for a moment.”
I jerked off him. “Okay, but your moment is later!”
For a second Conrad just stared at me. I couldn’t take it. I looked over at Brye, who was watching the manifestation. He looked… he looked hurt. Confused. Oh! Soea was to blame for all this!
“Layla, this is important.” Conrad’s voice was hushed now.
“Is it?” I said loudly, harshly. I looked over and saw being called. They needed him to prepare for tomorrow.
Now I had lost my chance until we had gotten out of the forest.
“Layla,” Conrad sounded annoyed. “We’ve had someone join our militia from the middle of nowhere. Would you like to meet him?”
“What?” I asked. Conrad clenched my arm harder, hurting me. Then our new addition approached us.
I let out a shriek.
“I’m sorry,” I said, startled. “Conrad was hurting me.”
But that wasn’t why I was so shocked. Not even close. I’d rather have my arm squeezed off than see what I saw before me.
Soea had joined my army.
“It’s a pleasure meeting you at last, your highness.” Soea bowed deeply, as if mocking me. 
My face felt tight. I swallowed hard, trying to think of something to say. But I couldn’t think of anything intelligent. “No it’s not.” I had to say something.
“Oh?” Soea said, looking up from his bow. “I beg your pardon then. But I am more than proud to risk my life in the forest for you. For your cause.” He smirked.
I scowled. Conrad glowered.
“You sure are versatile,” I accused. “A peasant, a peddler, a doctor, and now! You want to become brave just like that? Only a coward would do what you do.”
Soea froze his eyes becoming elusive. “I would watch my tongue if I were you.”
“Why? I have nothing to fear.” I stood steady. But I did have something to fear. What if he was manipulating me at this moment? What if I was doing exactly what he wanted me to do? I tried to swallow the lump in my throat.
Soea stood erect, nostrils flaring. He frightened me this way. His annoying playfulness was gone. Now he was intimidating, daunting, menacing. His chest rose and fell slowly. He was a great bit taller than me; I had never noticed. In fact, he was quite a bit taller than Conrad. And he had to be a Sorcerer. There was no other explanation. That made things all the more frightening.
“I know things you do not,” he said. “If I were you, I’d fear.” he nodded slowly, his voice quieting. “I’d fear everything.”
My legs began to wobble. I wanted to turn and run. But I felt strangely weak. I started trembling, and I looked up at Soea.
“Everything,” he repeated. Then he walked away, and was gone.
I collapsed. Conrad caught me before I hit the ground, but I wished he would have let me fall. “What is he?” I asked.
Conrad said nothing. He just stared after him.
“Unstacia!” I called. She was sitting by the fire, talking with Adda. She stood up, a curious look on her face.
“What’s the matter, Tenyjo? Are you sick?” she asked.
I stood up on my own and pushed Conrad off of me. “No, I’m fine. Well, maybe not completely fine, but I’m not sick. Can you help me to that tree over? That’s where my sleeping mat is.”
“Of course.” She took my arm.
“Unstacia? Tell me about the Gkantrolt. King Eathay seemed… I don’t know, odd on the subject.” My breath was becoming more rigid, but I felt stronger than a few moments ago. Unstacia helped me onto my mat.
“The Gkantrolt,” she started. “There’s not much to say about them, except they are extremely frightening creatures, deadly, and haven’t been spotted an almost a thousand years. You aren’t worried about them, are you?” she laughed, sounding like diamonds poured onto a silver tray.
My breath seemed to stop all together for a moment. “A thousand years, did you say?” Didn’t King Eathay say that was how often they emerged? didn’t she know that?
“Yes. Why?”
Maybe I had heard King Eathay wrong. “That’s what I thought you said.” If she wasn’t worried, there was nothing for me to fear.
Fear. Just like what Soea had said. He told me to fear everything. Did he know about the Gkantrolt? Did he know something I didn’t?
I decided to go to sleep. This was a disastrous way to go into the forest. I was scared, nervous; and that wasn’t me at all. There was only one thing I could think of. Was Soea controlling me?



Chapter 8


Morning came all too soon. I knew I had to find Brye before we entered the forest. For all I knew, one of us might not even survive! And then where would I be? If I did die, I would want to do it with a clear conscious. I sat up and brushed the green leaves in my hair that must’ve fallen during the night. Wait… what was I thinking? Die? There was a chance I might die. There was one last time I entered the forest, too. If I survived it before, though, couldn’t I do it again? And Brye, he had entered to save me, and he had made it out alive. There was nothing to fear.
Fear.
My heart started to race as I shook out my sleeping mat. I rolled it up and leaned it against the tree. Where was Unstacia? Where was Conrad? Everybody was bustling about, nearly disorienting me.
“Is there a rush?” I asked.
“King’s orders. Nothing more,” was the reply I heard.
Speaking of the king, I needed to find him. I needed to speak with him. Had to.
If I could find him.
I didn’t even know where to look. Everyone seemed to busy, I didn’t really want to be a bother. But I had to find him!
“Your highness!”
I turned around. It was Sir Cadlhad. He had my horse.
“Thank you.” I took Clupint’s reigns from him.
“The King requested your presence. We are readying to enter the forest in no more than ten minutes.”
Ten minutes? “Why hadn’t someone woke me?” I demanded.
Sir Cadlhad shrugged. “King Brye said to let you sleep.” He turned and left met standing there, head full of questions.
I felt like a lazy fool. I really didn’t understand reasoning behind letting me sleep a few minutes before entering the Forest of Despondency. “Unstacia!” I yelled. I didn’t have a clue where she was. “I need my sword,” I added pitifully.
I have it read for you. Please don’t stress yourself ay such a critical moment!
Elves must have incredible hearing. I couldn’t even see her, but she heard me. I looked around for Brye. I spotted a clump of knights in the distance, about one hundred feet from the edge of the forest. Oh, how sickening the sight of the wall of darkness was. Why, oh why was I doing this again? What harm did the forest do, besides make a big, black dent in the map of Tentaleigh?
What was I thinking? I was no coward. I never thought like that. Of course I was frightened, but not cowardly. I would do anything to help my kingdom and the people in and around it. What could be making me think otherwise? Something inside me felt strange. Everything was so twisted.
I climbed onto Clupint and clicked my heels. He took me to where Everyone else was. I saw Conrad, he was next to Soea. I felt nauseas when I saw Soea. As if I were sick with fear.
And I saw Adda.
Adda!
She couldn’t go into the forest! She surely wouldn’t make it out. I couldn’t do that to her parents, or to me. I should have left her on Mount Geot. She would just have to stay behind. But not by herself. Someone would have to stay with her, and travel with her to the other side of the forest, where we would come out of if we didn’t succeed. But who could we spare? “Unstacia!” I turned to my companion. I wouldn’t want to lose her either, especially not the same way I had first lost Sweenlah. What a desolate hole this place left on my heart.
“Yes, Tenyjo? What is it?” Unstacia looked at me. She looked so faithful, and as if she already knew what I was about to say. She handed me my trustworthy sword, waiting for my words.
“I need you to do me a vastly important favor. I need you to not enter the forest. I need you to take Adda to the other side of the forest to wait for us. I can’t have her in the forest, I just can’t. I’ll worry the whole time, and that just won’t help me any!” I tried to smile. “Will you do it for me?”
Unstacia bowed her head respectfully. “Of course!” She was ever-cheerful. “Dear Adda! You are to come with me. We’ll have an adventure of our own.”
Adda directed Dido to where we were. She looked relieved. “I really didn’t think Layla was going to go in there. But I couldn’t tell.” She gave a sheepish smile.
If I wasn’t mistaken, Unstacia looked relieved, too. “May the rain fall for luscious life, Layla! May you be safe and accomplish what you’ve set out for. I believe in you. And I’ll see you, tomorrow, maybe?” Unstacia addressed me in a kind manor. Maybe that’s why she was such a pleasure to have around. Never angry or moody, nothing like me. Just a pleasure.
“Yes, maybe tomorrow.” Maybe? The word alarmed me! Did it mean, maybe, if I lived? “Maybe, if it doesn’t take you longer to travel the distance.” That sounded more confident.
“Bye!” Adda said, already taking off. I smiled.
Take care of yourself, Tenyjo.
I smiled again. They were gone, safe, out of harms way. Unlike me. I was marching straight into the arms of all malice. On purpose, too!
And I hadn’t talked to Brye. “Brye!” I said, spotting him in front of everyone. He motioned for me to come.
That really made me feel relief. I made my way through the thick crowd of knights. But I was glad there was a lot; we would need as many people as possible to kill all of the Colies. Those horrid, devil winged creatures were vicious, and there was so many of them. I didn’t like to think of them, especially not the fact that I would again soon be faced with them.
“Brye I need to tell you something. I didn’t mean that–”
Brye put his hand up hush me as Sir Iopie started talking to him. Was I not as important as him? As this mission? I flushed with embarrassing anger at the thought. I felt small and useless.
Sir Iopie took his place beside Brye, and in front of me. That irritated me. But what was I to do?
“I’m sorry about that Layla. But we’ll have to talk later.”
I wanted to sob. I let out a dreadfully whiney sigh. “But what if there isn’t a later?” then I clapped my hand over my mouth. Of course there would be a later. I didn’t know what the matter was with me.
Brye just glanced at me and sighed. He sounded just as wistful as me.
“Are you ready, princess?” I felt a whisper in my ear that set a shiver down the length of my spine. A shiver so violent that I was afraid it would knock me from Clupint’s back. And I knew who it was; but I didn’t want to even attempt to utter his name. So I tried to ignore it.
But it was hard.
“Don’t worry your majesty, you mustn’t be afraid. We all know you are the bravest here!” Soea spoke out loud, humiliating words that weren’t even true.
I wasn’t afraid. Not in the least bit.
“No, don’t worry!” I felt hands of reassurance on my back.
This was just too much. Rage was building up. I shook everyone off, yelping, “Do you not realize that I am the only one here that has slayed a Colie? This is nothing new! How dare you accuse me of cowardice.” I glared at Soea, cold hard and mean, at the same time, full of fire.
But of course he made it worse. That was the only thing he ever did. “My apologies, your highness. I had no idea.” he smiled a smile that seemed worshiping on the outside, but I could see beneath it. He was driving me to extreme madness, and I didn’t know what to do to stop it. And I knew that raving and clawing his eyes out wouldn’t help, although I really wanted to do it.
“Brave Knights,” Brye was addressing us before we entered the forest, “my lovely lady,” he looked at me, more wistful than not, and without his usual warmness. “Today we enter darkness. If you have never enter the Forest of Despondency, I warn you, it is not for the faint of heart. Although Colies can look like something you would eat for the evening meal, they’d much rather eat you. I know, because… well, please take caution, and remember, we are bettering life for the future. I know for a fact that some of you will not survive, and that even I might not survive, but this is something that has to be done. And we are the generation to do it. All thanks to our valiant Queen.” A round of applause for me. “I thank God for all of you, your gracious, courageous hearts. Good luck to all.” Brye turned Rebel around, facing the forest.
I gulped and closed my eyes. But then a thought shot across my mind. “Shouldn’t we dismount the horses before entering?” I had a page of experience on my reputation. I definitely knew what not to do.
“Everyone,” Brye called out, “dismount. And follow me.”
As I followed I wished I could be next to Brye, his hand for my comfort. But he was stingy with me, and it was all Conrad’s fault. Conrad and Soea’s. Maybe the two wouldn’t make it out alive. Oh, that was a harsh thought. Conrad wasn’t so bad, some of the time. He just needed to figure out what his purpose was. Because I didn’t know.
I just knew that I was about to reenter the most horrifying place in the history of time.
“Ready,” Brye called out, as an order. I put my hand on my sword, making my way closer to Brye.
“Remember,” he whispered to me, “this was all your idea.” Then he gave me his old familiar smirk, and my confidence soared. I felt above Soea, above the horrid Colies and Belraingst and poisonous mushrooms, and whatever else there might be in my future. And I felt ready. I couldn’t fight a smile, as I held my breath.
Then right before me, Brye took a step. And he was gone. I wanted to cry out, and pull him back into the daylight and into safety, but I followed him. Into the blackness of a nightmare. I felt numb, deaf, breathless, and helpless all at once. The old familiar feeling of the forest threw shots of horror through my body. It all happened too quickly, but it would have been worse had Inot been able to see Brye there in front of me.
Knights flooded in, giving reactions like they were holding on to life with grasping hands, ready to topple over into death. I knew exactly what they felt. A first taste of the forest’s dark silence was near poisonous, and I was glad in a strange way that I was experienced.
I pulled my sword out, knowing that any second I could be attacked from behind, or mauled from the side without a bit of notice. The suspense was menacing. I belted out a scream, with all my might, and it didn’t matter; for it would never be heard. It would linger in the quiet, forever. And if I wasn’t careful, so could my body.
I jumped with a shriek as Brye lunged out at something. He was wearing the spotters! Where had he found them? I had not even thought of them. And it was odd of him… to take them without asking me. I gripped my sword tightly, my palms starting to sweat. Suddenly Brye threw his hand above my head, pointing. Without a second guess I slung my sword with full force up over my head, hitting a Colie. Maybe it was best that he had them. I wasn’t sure if I had enough wits to help everyone while trying to keep myself alive.
I swung back and forth, butchering the satanic birdlike monsters left and right. Who knew silence could be so loud? The deafening of it roared in my ears. My head pounded like thunder, and my tongue bled from being bit out of fear. But I held on. My tense muscles ached and my eyes hurt from widening them more than I normally would. But I fought.
Then I saw something horrific beyond words. Sir Cadlhad, whom I had so recently spoke to before entering the forest, was brutally bitten. The Colie took a chunk from his neck, and if I hadn’t looked away I would have surely collapsed. I felt even more nauseas, my stomach a bag of soured milk. But I couldn’t let it affect my fighting! I had my life, too, to worry about! And… I had to worry about Brye. What if the same ghastly fate laid ahead for him? I couldn’t bear the thought. It weighed down on my shoulders as if I was being defeated by a perilous dragon. I could only swing with all my might; it was the only thing that would save me now.
“Brye!” I screamed out, so loud it hurt my throat. But he couldn’t hear me. His hand was in the mouth of a Colie, and… I couldn’t look. As long as it wasn’t a vital part! I could lose him this way. I couldn’t. I couldn’t.
Without thinking I lunged forward and plunged my sword into the air in front of him. I hit it; I hit the Colie. If I could’ve seen it I knew it would have its mouth open in a last screech, a threat of revenge, before it dropped dead. Brye looked at me, his sweet face, but his hand… it wasn’t… all there.
But as long as he was alive! That’s all I cared for, lived for! At this point limbs didn’t matter. And it was only a finger. He himself was still there. And I was glad.
All in an instant my happy moment was over. I was hit with forceful speed, and flew threw the air. When I landed on the ground, I didn’t want to move. It wasn’t fair. The Colies could see us, but we couldn’t see them. What and advantage! And now, now I was on the ground in the Forest of Despondency, and I didn’t know what came next. I rolled over in the dirt, trying to get up. Where was the Colie? Oh, how I wish I had a pair of spotters! I took a handful of dirt and slung it in front of me. I did nothing, and I knew it. But it was something. I crawled on my knees, trying helplessly to at least move to a different location then where I had fallen. And then– the feeling of the edge of hell– flitting wings, behind my back. The kind of feeling that made your breath short with fear, and then stop all together. The kind of feeling that you knew would hurt. I slowly put my sword in front of my face. I couldn’t even see it. But if I could, I would see my dense breath in my weak, vulnerable reflection. This was a place that could make the biggest, bravest person so small.
I thrusted my straight up into the air. I almost shrieked when I hit something, and almost fainted when it fell on me. It was so heavy, crushing the life from me. I tried to shove it off, but I had no strength.
No strength.
I struggled with my sword, wanting it out of the creature. Each second I shivered in repulse. It was as if there were millions of insects crawling over my torso, face and neck; but it’s hair was wiry and scratchy, and itchy. And by each second it felt heavier. I couldn’t get up.
Then, abruptly, but none too soon, I was released from my agony. I saw Brye standing over me. His muscle tense and bulging, he had the creature supposedly by it’s wings, seeing how far apart his hands were. When he rolled it off of me he took me by the hand and pulled me up, but he didn’t let go. He pulled me in the direction where no one was, and a I felt myself stricken pale. Was everyone else dead? Were we the only ones who had made it? And the forest was still there! We had failed! Failed.
And even in the midst of this perilous mission I found some humor. Brye looked funny in the spotters.
But what did it matter? He was nearly jerking my arm from the socket. Then we seemed to hit a wall, and I thought we were dead, until we fell through.
I remember to keep my eyes squeezed shut.
But event through my eyelids I felt blinded, and sweaty, in pain, and tired. Brye had landed on top of me knocking the breath from my lungs, although he was much less heavy than the Colie. He rolled off of me, and I opened my eyes. He was squinting, but he had his eyes open too. And he was looking at me.
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” I blurted out in a whisper.
“About what?” he said, brushing hair from my face.
“About Soea, the man whojoined our militia only last night, because he’s a sorcerer, and only Conrad and I know, but now you do too.” I breathed slowly, savoring the moment. I had done it, I had apologized. And he didn’t even seem upset anymore.
“I figured it would be something silly. I didn’t think you’d keep anything from me,” he sighed, his blue eyes intense. Then he kissed me. His kiss was so wonderful; gentle, unlike his usual self. And it made me weak. 
Then I heard something. Something loud, something vicious. Brye jumped up, and I shot to my feet. In front of us stood a monster of enormous size, and on his face was enormous displeasure. It made its horridly loud noise again, and I jump. Fear raced through my body. What was it? Had a Colie escaped the forest? It did have wings. But it was black, furry, tall, eyes red as blood.
Suddenly I couldn’t breath. I tired to swallow, but the fact of the moment kept me from moving. I knew what the creature was.
“It’s a Gkantrolt!” I screeched, searching for my sword. It was in front of the monster’s feet. I lunged for it, but when I grasped the cold metal the Gkantrolt hit me hard with it’s tail, sending me back a few feet. I slid in the dirt, excruciating pain all over my body from the force of the blow. But I had succeeded in reclaiming my sword.
Then the Gkantrolt followed after me, obviously not done yet. It opened it’s foaming mouth, it’s eyes flashing even brighter, but I had no fear. Brye was behind the monster.
I had no fear.
Brye plunged his sword in the Gkantrolt’s back, coming out the other side, awfully close to me. I relaxed and closed my eyes, so relieved I thought I might pass out. But something awoke me.
“Layla!”
I opened my eyes, and saw the creature ready to fall on me. I rolled over just in time, before the bloody mess hit the dirt. Then I was even more shaky. Brye helped me up. I stood, holding my dizzy head, looking around.
We weren’t alone. We weren’t alone!
Conrad was there, and I wanted to cry with relief. He ran to me.
“Layla!” he sounded out of breath. “Layla. Are you all right?” he asked, for once out of serious sincerity.
I nodded, breathlessly, then starting shaking my head. “Brye’s hand!”
Brye had his hand under his shirt. I didn’t even want to see it. But didn’t it hurt? There was mysterious smirk on his face.
 “Oh, don’t worry about that. I’ll just have it sewn back on.” He pulled out his pinky finger, detached from the rest of his hand. I looked away abruptly, and he started laughing.
“You’re horrid!” I exclaimed. He just laughed. But then I began to wonder… and I realized that the Gkantrolt was dead at my feet. It was a Gkantrolt, the sort of monster that only arose every so often! A thousand years was a long time! Had this really been that significant of an event? And, why was there only one? Maybe this was only the beginning. Then again, maybe not. Had anyone ever killed it before?
But I hadn’t any more time to wonder. For I saw a sight I should have expected, but hadn’t; something that was more horrific than anything else I had seen today.
Soea was alive.
“I’m glad to my favorite royals made it out alive,” he said, so boastfully it made me want to spit. But he didn’t seem to be hiding his identity this time.
So without a thought I blurted out, “That’s him, Brye. He’s the sorcerer.”
Brye’s eyes darted at me, then back at Soea.
But Soea just laughed. “You say the word he with such disdain in your voice, my dear. Must you despise me so? I’ve done nothing, really.”
I breathed hard, deep. I shook my head slowly, not believing what I was hearing.
“But I have someone I want you to meet.” He bowed deeply, dirtily. What a wretched soul.
A large horse came out of the trees. It was a reddish horse with a creamy mane, tied mercilessly in knots down it’s neck. It raised it’s head, as if looking down upon us. It’s rider had black, shiny hair, pulled back. His eyes were slanted, his lips plump, and his arms– he was missing an arm. That sounded so familiar.
“Aduhlajh!” Brye yelled, accusingly.
I gasped, my hand over my mouth.
Aduhlajh looked at Brye with no sign of recognition. He turned to me with grim, revengeful eyes, and it made my quiver inside. I wasn’t surrounded by an army this time around. I had a Sorcerer that wasn’t on my side. And I was weak and weary from the forest.
What a fool-proof plan! Soea was smarter than he seemed, and that was pretty hard. He handy even hardly used magic on me, expect for his own amusement I suspected. And he was in with Aduhlajh!
“You won’t hurt her.” Brye stepped in front of me. What courage! He made me feel stupid and un-heroic, although I wasn’t sure if my fear was my fault, or still Soea’s.
Fear.
My fear was not only for me, but for Brye, and even for Conrad. And what if Unstacia turned the corner, with Adda in tow? What would happen to them? I didn’t know which was scarier: what would happen to them, or… what would happen to me.
Soea took a step towards me. “Oh, we’d never hurt her, don’t worry about that, princey-poo,” there he went using the wrong title again. “But what we will do is take her,” he smiled gloweringly, a weird mixture of emotions, but it was frightening.
What did he mean, take me?
Brye pulled out his sword, but Soea gestured his hands forward like only a sorcerer could, and before our very eyes his handsome sword melted. Brye dropped it in a hurry, putting the part of his good hand that had been dripped on to his mouth. Then he reached his mangled hand back and held my arm, with a tight grip that said he’d never let go. But with a sorcerer as his enemy, did he have a choice?
Soea just laughed, a menacing laughed. He brought his hands over his head, and with a malicious smile brought them in front of him. Spiny plants shot out of the ground, on either side of Brye. But we stayed put! We didn’t move. If we had tried, though, could we? 
The plants took hold of Brye’s wrists, yanking him to the ground, cutting and chafing his already sore skin. He yelled out, not in pain, but it sounded in anguish. Defeat. He still had a hold of my arm, that is until an arm of the stalk reached up and slapped him, pricking his hand and bringing blood. He let go abruptly, although not unwillingly.
Oh, how my head spun! The earth beneath my feet could have crumbled, and I could have fell through, but I would have felt no worse. Or more frightened. Certainly they would take me now, for who was there to stop them? Only a person of higher magic than Soea, and I didn’t even know of one. I clenched my fists and closed my eyes. I had to manage my feelings.
They were my feelings.
Not Soea’s.
I had no fear.
But I wheeled and ran, despite anything I told myself. I ran into the Forest, and the darkness hit me in the head like a hammer. I fell, hugged my knees and cried as loudly as I possible could. I couldn’t hear myself. And I was glad.
But it was only a matter of seconds before a strong hand pulled me out, through the sheet of blackness, and I felt as though every single bone in my body had been broken. I didn’t open my eyes. I wasn’t sure I could.
The last thing I remembered was being slung over a horse, smelling the dank sweat, and hearing Brye and Conrad scream, “Layla!”



Chapter 9


Singing startled me. Odd singing that reminded me of fluffy clouds. I opened my eyes to find I had been sleeping in a room that reminded me of my tower I had inhabited for a while the previous year. But I could see out the window, and the view was definitely not the same. There was a boy, maybe man, I could determine his age; he was opening my curtains. The sunlight stung my eyes.
“Yah, might want to cover those peepers,” the strange boy said, “You’ve been sleeping for two weeks now.”
Two weeks? I dropped to my elbows. That was a long time.
“Where am I?” I asked warily.
“Guess.” The strange boy turned to me, and started walking my way. He had a funny walk, more like a waddle, as if he was fat, although he wasn’t.
“I don’t want to guess. I’m not even sure I want to know.” Rubbing my eyes, I touched my hair, and it was a revolting mass of tangle. I drew my hand away quickly, wanting so badly for the strange boy to leave.
“Then I shall tell you.” He leaped onto the foot of my bed. I scooted back uncomfortably. “You are in the country of Aduhlajh, but in the City of sorcerers.”
“You’re evil,” I glared.
He took a bow.
“What’s your name?” I asked, pushing my covers away. Then I saw what I was wearing, and I pulled them back to my chin. I was undeniably filthy.
“I have no name. Call me what you like, for you will never see me after this day. What do you think of me as?” The strange boy had a odd, nasally voice. And I found it strange.
“Strange. Everything about you is strange,” I offered, none too politely.
“All right then. To you, I am Strange. At your service.” He bowed again, and nearly lost his balance.
“I want your service to get out of my room, and have someone draw me a bath,” I said, then added slowly, “if that’s allowed. Am I a prisoner?”
“Yes, yes, a prisoner I should say,” Strange nodded. “What a shame.” Then he gave me smile that was bigger than his face, his neck stretching out from the rest of his body.
I had named him well.
“But nonetheless, a bath would do you no harm, begging your pardon.” He jumped off my bed, then stopped and froze curiously. “Why am I begging the pardon of a prisoner?” He asked himself aloud, and shrugged. “Oh well. You stink, to put it plainly. I’ll send you what you need.”
I wrinkled my nose. “What exactly are you?”
He shrugged once more. “Don’t know, neither does anyone else, never will, so don’t ask again. Adieu stinky one, hold tight.” And he was gone.
Never had I encountered such a strange fellow. 
And never before had I been kidnapped! What was one who was kidnapped supposed to do? What was I supposed to do? I could, of course, sit around for someone to rescue me, but that could take so long that Aduhlajh would have me dead. I shivered at the thought of him. He scared me now, where he hadn’t before.
And this place scared me, even though it was as gloomy as I had expected the country of Aduhlajh to be. But, Strange had said that this was the City of the Sorcerers. What was the name of the city? In the back of my mind it seemed as though I had read about it before, but I couldn’t remember what it was called. It must have been monotonous to me.
I got out of the bed, avoiding the big mirror on the side table to my left. I walked over to the window, sort of dazed.
I was kidnapped.
It was unreal to me. It seemed like a big practical joke. Except for the joke wasn’t about to end, and it wouldn’t be very funny when Aduhlajh came up here and cut my head off. I wanted to feel nervous, but I couldn’t. It almost seemed alright with me, as if I weren’t worried, but I was. Wasn’t I? How could I not be worried? It was as if someone else was controlling my emotions, like a toy, endlessly.
I wanted to stop it, but how? I had a hint who was controlling me. Well, more than a hint. I was just about positive it was Soea. It was as if his greatest pleasure was making me act as someone I wasn’t. it scared me in a way, and alarmed me. But what could I do? I didn’t even know where he was. He was probably here in the City of the Sorcerers, seeing that he was a sorcerer. But I didn’t know. In fact, for all I knew, he could walk in my door at any second, posing as a manservant! For all I knew, he could have been Strange.
The bustling scene out my window consisted of cold stone towers all around, sorcerers and sorceresses in the air. Most of the men had a mischievous look about them except for the old ones with mustaches and slick hair. The women were most intriguing, with their lips colored with such as purple and blue, the most unnatural colors. Their hair either swirled up on their heads, or down in wavy locks.
Some flyers looked as though they were sitting on the air, and others look just as if the air was soft, green grass beneath their feet. They were mostly casual. A sorceress took notice of me in my window. I saw her hesitant look, so I met her eyes with as much friendliness as I could find within me at the moment. Her face relaxed, and she flew up to my window. Her blonde wavy hair flowed behind her, creating quite an illusion.
“Good day, princess,” she said in a husky voice.
“Hello,” I said slowly, quieter than my usual self. Why did all the sorcerers call me princess? It didn’t make sense to me! I wish they’d tell me, explain to me their reasoning, or something.
“I heard So had taken you captive. I’m Mem, and it’s a pleasure to meet you.” She brought forth her hand, which I shook. It was uncommonly soft, and warm. It almost felt as if it weren’t there, as if it were a fine, magic velvet.
I assumed ‘So’ to be the equivalent of Soea. “Do you know him?”
Mem nodded. “Aye, I know the scoundrel. Don’t think much of him.”
I sigh and folded my arms. “He’s a wicked soul. He toyed with my emotions to death, and I’m not even sure if he’s done. I still don’t feel myself.”
Mem gazed at me, pityingly. “Poor girl. He did boast of toying with you at his will. Said you hadn’t even a fight in you, and that your legendary braveness had to be a myth.”
Her words startled me, making my insides jump, then burn. How could he say such a cowardly thing? He knew I was brave! Would a coward enter The Forest? Certainly not. The thought of anyone hearing that lowly statement made my face hot with rage, and my body shake with resentment. I hated Soea.
I hated him.
I hated him for saying that, I hated him for teaming up with Aduhlajh to kidnap me, and most of all, I hated him for living.
“I’m sorry, princess, I didn’t mean to upset you. I just thought you might want to know what he’s up to.” Mem reached out with her soft hand, touching my trembling arm. I stopped immediately.
Suddenly I jerked back. How did I know she wasn’t in on the whole kidnapping scheme, that she wasn’t also using me as a toy? Her touch to calming to be sincere, I thought.
Mem flinched, drawing her hand back. “It’s not what you think. I would never have anything to do with Soea, or his evil conspiracy to use you to get Viloria.”
“Viloria?” I asked.
“Viloria is Aduhlajh’s young wife, the one he just took after he, uh… disposed of his late one. He adores her, and Aduhlajh will most likely give her up if he gets what he wants.”
“What is that?”
“To use you, to get to…”
“To what?” I asked, getting anxious.
“I’m not sure. Soea didn’t say.” Mem pursed her lips, looking down thoughtfully. “But it seems you’re quite stuck in the middle, and I really do feel for you. That’s why I wanted to meet you. Is there anything I can do?”
Wait, I thought. How canshe just all of the sudden want to risk her life to help someone she didn’t even know, without there being an incentive in it for her? There was always a catch. I knew it. “I don’t know if there is anything you can do, and if there was, I wouldn’t tell you unless you told me why you wanted to help.” Oh, how I wanted to trust her without question. But I didn’t know if that was truly myself, or if was her, being just as devious as Soea.
“I told you,” Mem bit her lip. “Your sorrow pains me.”
But I knew that wasn’t it, or at least not all of it. There was something else, and I wouldn’t accept her help until I knew. “I have been through much, sorceress Mem, and there is more than I need than a few assuring words before I accept help from anyone, especially a being of magic,” I paused. “No offense.”
She only sighed. “I know, and I understand. I wish trust was just that easy, but I know it’s not.” She wet her lips and gazed to the side. “I’ll tell you this much: Soea has wronged me, and in a way far more painful than yours. At the moment I can’t even stand the thought of him, and will do anything to pierce his soul the way he has mine. Forgive me if it sounds rash, but it’s the truth, and the only trust I can offer.”
Her words bit at my heart. Mem’s eyes were so sincere, nearly glazed I thought. It was all I could do no to shout out, “Yes! Yes! Of course, the wronged ones combine to make a stronger force than such imagined!” But I bit my tongue. If I were so quick as that, what was it happen to me? But, if I were so quick as to turn her away, and her words be true, I would be marred inside, and there was no telling what would happen to my outward self.
Could I half trust her? Was such a thing possible? She knew my situation, or at least I assumed so, and if she did then she would know how hard it is to trust! “I…” my tongue froze, being torn between two words. “I don’t know.”
Mem shook her head. “I don’t know either. No one does. Who can be trusted? How do I know I can trust you? Both of us are a spot, I suppose,” she giggled through her sorrow.
I saw a glimpse of something in her laugh. A bit of extreme braveness, undiscovered traits, and a bit of all my companions I had trusted along my long and lonely journeys. “I will try.” I gave her my compliance, though I wasn’t sure if it was half-hearted. I would see along the way, and if I saw anything that didn’t seem right, then… I didn’t know what I’d do. For what could I do? Besides throw myself from the window, and give up? There was nothing. Trust was my only option.
We stood in silence for a moment, or rather I stood and she floated, but either way nothing was said; there was something, a connection maybe, that told me we had gone through somewhat of the same thing. The fact comforted me, even though I knew it could all vanish in one second and the my foolishness would fall through. But I had to take the risk. I knew I had to. But did Mem know that, too?
Footsteps outside my room startled me, erupting my thoughts. “Mem! My bath is here. You should go, so no one knows you’re here.”
She saluted. “I’ll get to work. Good luck.” And she flew away.
The door open and I spun around, leaning on the window sill.
“Oh, I’m sorry, I should have knocked. Shall I try again?” Soea gave a menacing laugh, making my insides knot up. He was the last person, save Aduhlajh, that I wished to see.
“Go ahead, kill me now,” I offered.
“I’m afraid I’ll have to turn you down. You see,” he started walking towards me. “I’m not the one who would kill, if you were going to be killed, which you're not. And, besides, you aren’t very appealing at the moment. That’s why I’m here.”
“Okay, Dr. Perbal. Cure me.” I turned around, eyes fixed out the window. I didn’t want to show my fear; I wanted to retain my control over it.
“Hah!” He bellowed. “Nothing could cure your smell right now.”
I huffed up defensively. “It’s not my fault I was asleep for two weeks. In fact, last time I checked, it was yours!”
He just laughed. “Ah, poor girl, you know nothing.”
I had to try my hardest not to spit in his face.
“It’s a pity,” Soea continued, “that you’ll never have the time.”
My breathing became rigid. I didn’t want to believe anything he said. I had no reason to.
“Does one really have to smell good for a beheading?” I taunted, with as much confidence as I could muster.
“Beheading. That’s good. If you’re not too careful, you’ll fall out of that window before we have a chance.” He folded his arms casually, as if he hadn’t a care in the world.
I acted as if I had ignored his comment, but I acknowledged inside that I was leaning further and further out the window each passing second. I supposed that it was me, self-consciously, trying to get away from him.
“Ah, alright, enough verbal torture. Time to make you pretty, if at all possible.” Soea clapped his hands.
I felt a jolt, and a sudden change. I didn’t smell my own stench, and my clothes didn’t stick to my skin. In fact, it was quite the opposite. A white silk dress hung over my body, just tying at the neck, and my hair was in spiral curls. I despised them. I didn’t thank him. I just puckered sickly. Maybe I was acting as if I were a wicked child, but he was treating me like one.
“Aren’t you hungry?” He asked maliciously.
I felt my stomach. It was a shrunken mass, the skin was taut and my ribs nearly overlapped it. “No.” Then it growled.
“Pity. So much food, and I got you dressed. Shall I place you on a pedestal in the center of the dining room instead?”
“I’ll eat,” I said grumpily, brushing past him.
“Splendid. I am to be your escort, requested by Aduhlajh. Now doesn’t that just make your appetite grow?”



Chapter 10


I tried not to move a muscle, as if it would save me from being noticed. Sorcerers were savages, at least the ones that were favored by Aduhlajh.
The food on my plate was worse for my appetite than having Soea for an escort. The eyeballs seemed to stare back at me, and needless say I didn’t even touch the lion lips. The only thing that nestled my empty stomach was the few dragon fingers I had come across, and although they weren’t even de-scaled, I managed to choke them down.
“Nice to have you join us, princess,” a grin in my face.
“Everyone just talks about your braveness, they never say anything about your beauty, princess!”
“It’s a shame you aren’t enjoying yourself. May I show you a good time later, princess?”
A million people talked to me, and it all seemed to be at once. I wanted to pull my hair out! And I knew I was near my snapping point; if anyone called me princess again, I would scream.
Aduhlajh’s tiny, beady, but intense black eyes watched my from across the extensive table. I tried to look away, but I was frightened. Then he engaged a conversation with someone else, and I was saved.
“Why don’t you touch your Ziytumppo eggshell, princess?”
Or so I thought. I stood up violently, knocking my chair down. I grabbed the small man who had just spoken to me by the arm, not even looking at his face. “If anyone calls me princess once more,” I screamed, huffing, “I… I don’t know what I’ll do!”
I looked at the man I had caught by the arm, and saw he was cowering. I let go of him.
“Forgive me.” He spoke in a quiet, shaky tone as he took my plate.
I felt horrible.
I set up my chair and ran from the room. The whole of the palace I stayed in was cold, dark stone, but there were hardly any walls, save my tower. It would be too easy to fall out of a tower without walls. The wind whipped through halls, chasing my ankles, and I was thankful it wasn’t cold. Not that it would have stopped me, I just wanted to get away.
The door to my tower room was at the top of stone spiral stairs, which were none too original. The basic ‘princess in a tower’ theme– although I was not a princess. Was I? Of course not. I was Queen. And of two countries!
The door was wooden, with a black steel bar for a lock. I threw it openand ran in. Tears began to sting my eyes. Nothing seem to make sense! Nothing! I groped the blankets to my bed and pulled them down. I buried myself in the pillows and shut my eyes tight. I couldn’t help but grind my teeth together. I wanted to be thankful, that I was still alive, because most kidnappings had to be much worse! I was invited to parties, fed until full… there was probably something they wanted from me. They were keeping me alive for a reason; I knew it. But, it was better than being a pessimist, and expecting death at any moment.
I remembered what Mem said. I was stuck in the middle. Soea was using me to get to Aduhlajh and Viloria, and Aduhlajh was using me to get to… someone. I wished I could figure it out. What would Soea want with anyone I knew?
I knew that Brye was probably searching for me at this very moment. I tried to let it comfort me, but a certain thought kept flashing through my head that I didn’t want to see. I didn’t want to think it. But I knew it was a possibility! I knew Brye would rescue me… but did Aduhlajh know that, too?
My stomach took a wild flip, and I was glad I didn’t eat any eyeballs at dinner. Oh, if anything happened to him because of me, I would gladly fall out the window.
Brye was the only person I could think of that Aduhlajh would want to get to. Why, I couldn’t quite figure, but I knew he didn’t want Conrad, or LaShebah. Brye was the only sensible answer.
So, when he came after me, they’d capture him. I would feel terribly rotten, and die feeling that way. What a horror life was. My love would die doing the right thing; rescuing me.
“Unless,” I shot up, suddenly in hand with a brilliant idea. “Unless he never came!”
They couldn’t stand me here forever. I wasn’t always the most pleasant person, and luckily, they needed to keep me as live bait in order to lure Brye. If were the most impossible, wicked child I could be, they would get very fed up. And if it was a terribly long time, months and months, and maybe a year and they saw no sign of the valiant Brye, wouldn’t they be tired of having me around? Of course!
I sunk back down, trying to get comfortable. A year was a long time to wait. And it could be longer than that. And this was a horrid place, and I only had one friend. Mem, who’d be the one to bring the news to Brye that I was fine, and not to come. And what if Brye wouldn’t believe the word of a sorceress? I could handwrite him a note, send him lock of my hair, or something convincing.
Now I only needed to talk to Mem. How did I send word to her? If only I were an elf, or had Unstacia here. Then I could speak to her through my head. Of course, I didn’t know how far away Mem was. If she were any more than ten miles away, it wouldn’t matter whether I were elf or elephant. Unstacia explained to me that mind speaking could only be heard under a range of ten miles. It was more for a house, to communicate with servants without trouble, or for instances such as an uncomfortable dinner party, telling your spouse you’d like to leave without being rude. So, it wasn’t as good to be true as I’d thought.
“Princess!”
I jumped and hit my head on headboard of the bed. “Mem! You scared the breath out of me! And what perfect timing, I need desperately to speak with you.”
Mem stepped in my window and sat on the sill. “What is it?”
“First off, please don’t call me princess! I’m not even a princess. And my name’s Layla. Second, I think I know who Aduhlajh wants to get to.”
Mem was petting her hair, slung over one shoulder. It was a dirty golden color, with waves like the sea. “So do I. It’s your Prince, Brydon.”
“He’s not a prince! He’s a king! And yes. That’s who I was thinking of. How did you find out?”
“I am an expert eavesdropper. It’s wicked I know, but it’s also fun.” She grinned. “Not to mention useful. You, Layla, you’re known to always have a plan. So, what have you conjured this time?”
“Me?” I grinned fiendishly. “But of course.” I explained to Mem my brilliant plan. I explained that Brye would take convincing, and we’d be taking great measures, and she’d be taking great trips.
“How brave to stay in the castle of Aduhlajh so long, Layla! It gives me the confidence I need to fly from Sorcerers City.” She smiled brightly, which was almost comical.
“Have I something to fear, staying here? They would have reason to dispose of me, right?” I asked, a little edgily.
“You never know. I wouldn’t think so, but you never know.”
“So should I be wicked, and annoying, or should I stay put?” I asked.
“I would wait and see,” Mem said. “See how they tolerate you.”
“I’ll do that. Now, let me write a letter so you can take it with you.” I searched around the room with my eyes, looking for any sort of parchment. I saw a desk in the far corner. I lifted the top, and saw plenty of parchment and ink, almost enough for a story writer, or a scribe. I took some out and began writing. But oh, what to say?
“Dearest Brye,” I read aloud for Mem to approve. “You won’t be at all surprised to hear that I am at Aduhlajh’s castle. But, no fear, I’m unharmed to this day, and suspect to stay so. If you are wondering the reason for them kidnapping me, it is to get to you. Why they want to get to you I can’t say, for I don’t know. All I know is that you must let go of all instinct and leave me here, for I know you’re searching. Return home, Brye. Who could stand me for longer than a few months? When they don’t get what they want, they’ll give up. It may sound simple on paper, but I know it will be difficult for you. Especially to believe the word of a sorceress. But she is friend, not foe, and has been my comfort today. I can take care of myself, for now. My love, Layla.” I looked up at Mem. She was smiling wistfully.
“How wonderful to have someone to send your love to. I think it’s a marvelous letter.” Her eyes shielded me from seeing inside her, what was behind her words. But I didn’t question her, I just folded the letter and gave it to her.
“Good luck,” I bestowed. I took her hands. “I hope this works.”
“As do I,” her eyes flashes their feistiness again. “Revenge may be sweet for me, and victory may be sweet for you, but we don’t have it in our grasp yet.”
“Go,” I said, “so that we may have it sooner. God bless you!”
She jumped out the window. That gave me shivers.
I decided to stay in my room for a few days, unless I was invited out, at least for a few days. It was terribly lonely, for I was used to having a companion with me at all times, whether it be human, creature, or animal. So I turned to the yellowed parchment in the desk. I wrote prose and poetry well into the night, finding nothing else to do. I wrote of my sorrows, of my battles, and anything else that entered my mind.


I will not dry my eyes
There’s still life to live
Who knows how many cries
Or sorrows I have yet to give…


Before I knew it I was in tears, and the paper was nearly gone. I went through the stack, and found that some of the last pages were already used. The writing was incredibly tiny, and it intrigued me. I took it placidly in my hands and sat down to read it.



Here is the story that will come to life
So thy careful how thee blow thou fife.
One blow hurts the foot
Thy jumps
Two and thou enemies
Up will bump.

What fife? I thought. What a curious story. And it had to be centuries old, for this piece of parchment showed to be far older than the others. Why was it hidden in the desk? Perhaps it came from the quill of a past prisoner. But, wherever, it was an interesting read.

One, two, third pull
Thou lifts and finds and then can blow.


“I wonder,” I said aloud, searching the walls. I didn’t see anything I could pull. Then my eyes met the desk again. There was three drawers. Could this parchment be more than a story? I stood and counted down to right, out loud, to be safe. “One, two, three. Pull…” I opened the third drawer from the left. It had empty spools littering it. I pushed them out of the way, and tried to pull up on the bottom of the drawer. No luck. I sat back down on my bed, shrugging.

Don’t be fooled;
Thou must be smart.
Which one is third, is in thy heart.

The last part didn’t even make sense. And that was the last of the tiny writing. I set it on the bed in front of me. Suddenly there was a knock at the door, and I jumped.
“Come in,” I said with dread in my voice. If it was Soea, I’d feign ill. But then, of course, there was Dr. Perbal. The door creaked open slowly. For a moment it seemed as though no one was there, but then I saw the small man whom I had grabbed two nights ago at dinner. He peeked around the door timidly, a plate of food in his hand.
“Come in,” I said more pleasantly, and added under my breath, “it’s about time. I haven’t eaten in a day.”
The small man brought the plate to me. There was three piles of food, and even though they didn’t look appetizing, I was grateful I couldn’t tell what they were.
The small man turned to leave, but I stopped him. “Wait!” I called. He turned slowly, keeping his eyes on the ground all the while. Then I saw he was a man at all, but closer to my age, matured rapidly by being worked to hard. “I’m… I’m sorry,” I said. “About the other night. I didn’t mean to be so rough, it just… well, there’s no excuse. Not even being kidnapped.” I laughed through my sorrow, and I saw a flash of light on his face. “What may I call you, good sir?” I asked.
He looked up with more confidence. “You may call me Kirken, your highness, if it pleases you.” Yes, his voice was very young. All at once my heart wrenched for him.
“Very much so. You may call me Layla.” I stood and curtsied. Kirken made an attempt to bow, but I found it to be awkward. He probably didn’t have many formal introductions with royalty. “This looks positively scrumptious. Are you the cook?” I picked up my fork.
“Yes,” he said, shy but a hint of eagerness. “I was forced to…” he trailed off, looking alarmed.
“Yes?” I ushered. His humbleness made me feel guilty.
“W-when my father passed, I was forced to take over some areas.”
“For how long have you been in the position?” I asked, taking a bite.
Kirken wet his lips. “For about two years now.”
“Well, you’re excellent,” I offered. “What is this?” I crossed my fingers and hoped I didn’t regret asking.
“Oh, the third one is Orange potatoes.”
I looked down. To him, the third one was my first one. “Ah, tasty.”
After a bit more conversation I finished it off and gave the plate back to Kirken. “Feel free to come up any time. If you want me to be your taste-tester, or anything, feel free. I don’t get much company.”
Kirken smiled broadly, brighter than I’d seen before, and I felt good inside. He nodded and shuffled out.
I came to the conclusion that he had been beaten early in his life, or was continually beaten. He acted like a mistreated dog, casting his eyes low, and waiting for permission to speak. My heart poured out for him, and I was happy beyond words that I had found another soul in which whom I could confide in here. It would make my stay so much easier.
I started gathering the papers. My eyelids were beginning to droop, and I decided it was time for some rest. I picked up the parchment with the incredibly small writing, and suddenly a thought flashed back into my mind, jolting me, and remembered what had happened earlier. To him, the third one was my first one. I dropped the papers and ran to the desk. I slowed myself as I opened the first drawer. There was lots of papers, or at least shreds. I took them out. I smiled abruptly, unwillingly.
There was a little ring on the floor of the drawer. I put my finger through it, held my breath, and pulled. It came out! It came out! My hands became shaky. Did the parchment really have meaning? What could it be? The compartment under the drawer was dusty. I pushed the dust around until my fingers touched something. I grasped something cold, small. I picked it up and dusted it off. It was a skeleton key. And attached to it with a ribbon was more parchment. The ribbon was so old it nearly crumbled between my fingers. The key wasn’t hardly tarnished, just a little dirty, so I figure it to be gold. I put the trap door and the paper strips back in the door and closed it. I put the key in my pocket incase I had any intruders. I continued cleaning the parchment and putting it back in the desk.
When I was through, I took the key out carefully. It was intricate, skillfully designed. Then I read the paper.

Dost thy brain exceed thy own?
The hand in which you hold the key
Hold it dearly for a time, you see;
Thee shall need it when it comes to battlement
But do not harm!
That’s a cause for only resentment.

It was a clue, to find something, a battlement. But it didn’t tell me where to look, or what not to harm. It left me baffled. Then I turned the parchment over. There was more tiny inscription.

Alas! Thou is very smart.
Success, for thy followed thy heart.
Now follow mine
Through the deep, and the grime
Under all
Is where thy will find it all.
But don’t be fooled!
It is not treasure that you seek.
It’s help for the humble and the weak.
If thee decides to take this quest
Take thy wits with thee; it would be best.
And also the key, for safe keeping
For if thy lost it, thy would be weeping.

Under everything, where there was grime, or filth. That’s where I would find what the clues were leading to. I put the key back in my pocket for safe keeping, like the riddle said. I was sure to need it later.
It was sort of my job, to help the humble, and the weak, and I felt obliged to follow the riddles along their course. And even if it was just a wild goose chase, and there was nothing at all, at least it would occupy my time here. Next time I came across Kirken I would ask him if he knew of a place under the Palace that was dirty and grimy. He was sure to help me. And I felt sure I could trust him; he didn’t seem to have many friends around here, like me. And Kirken was kind of like having a pet; he seemed grateful, obedient, and happy to serve. Although, I wouldn’t treat him like one. That was cruel. He was taken advantage enough, from what I could tell. I would help him out as best I could. And, if at all possible, rescue him from the wretched place. That is, if he wanted it. I was getting a little ahead of myself.
I crawled under my blankets and pulled them over my head. I always slept on the left side, because they hadn’t changed my sheets since I had stunk so bad. I closed my eyes and breathed slowly. I wanted to sing, for I felt more cheery than I should, but sleep came on all too soon.



Chapter 12

Days dragged by as I heard no word from Mem, nor saw much of Kirken except at meals. Aduhlajh had ordered me out of my room. It was a pain, really. I wasn’t to leave my room from dusk to dawn, but in between those times, I wasn’t to enter it. It made no sense to me.
I spent some of my in the gardens, and wandering the halls. And it was funny; no matter how hard I looked, I could never seem to find the place described on the clue attached to the key. It baffled me, but I didn’t give up.
The gardens was a delightful place, compared to the rest of the city that I had seen. No one had taken me outside the gates of the palace yet, but I came to the conclusion that there was nothing of interest from what I could see from my window. I knew it couldn’t be prettier than the gardens. Green, all around, as if it were an oasis among the lonely desert. The flowers were landscaped impeccably. It was like a rainbow, in which I lost myself. 
The trees in the gardens were willowy, and towered above the walls, hiding the gray skies. Some had small orange fruits, the size of my eye. I longed to taste them, but I was too afraid of being poisoned. I did like to sit in the trees, though. Their branches were like arms which hugged me, and I didn’t get many hugs in this foreign land. I didn’t even really know where I was. I did know, however, that Aduhlajh’s country was across the sea, and I was terribly far from home.
I sat in the shortest tree with my hand in my pocket. My fingers followed the design on the side of the key, from the top to the bottom. How I wished I could find lock it fit.
The wind blew, as always, and it was warm. A fruit fell from the tree above me and fell onto my lap. I tossed it behind me. I closed my eyes and took in the warm air. Suddenly, the fruit was back in my lap. I spun around, careful to keep my balance.
It was Aduhlajh, with an evil smile on his face. My breath stopped short.
“It’s taken me a while to get used to using only my left arm, but I’m used to it.”
I gulped. He was talking about me cutting off his right arm. I wanted to say something, but I couldn’t.
“But don’t worry about it, no hard feelings now.” He sounded so evil, as if he were trying to taunt me with his words. And it was working.
I probably wouldn’t fear him so if I hadn’t done something to him that he would never forget. But something like cutting off his arm dastardly brave of me, and I was sure he thought so too. I would just scared of him taking revenge, and cutting off my own arm, or worse: my head. But being frightened would get me no where with the beast. I had to look him in the eye.
“I would bet you are wondering why we’ve taken you captive, if you haven’t figure it out on your own already.” He wet his lips and smiled, as if he were trying to look dashing. It only made me sick.
“I might have,” I said meekly.
“Well, I’ll tell you my reasons, and you can inform me if you were right. I believe you are an intelligent girl, Layla.”
I kept a bleak face.
“First I’ll tell you why it was Soea whom I chose to be my right hand man in this operation We’ve agreed on his payment, which is not gold or land, but a woman. Well, my woman to be exact, but it’s not as if I have a lack of them.” He chuckled, I glowered. “And I am using you to get to your kingdoms! Once Brydon is no more, I can take my place, and rule two more kingdoms.”
What an unoriginal plan. It was the ‘I’m the power-hungry villain who plans to kill the king and take over world’ plot, and it was quite worn out. And there was almost always a glitch in it somewhere. “What about me? Wouldn’t I be the ruler if Brye were dead?” I bit my tongue. I didn’t like the way it sounded, if Brye were dead.
“Well, there is two options.” He looked maliciously gleeful.
“So you’ve thought it all out?”
“Of course, my dear. I can kill you, which would be all too easy, but there is another option.”
“What is that?” I asked quietly, not exactly eager to know.
Aduhlajh took a step closer to me. “You could be my queen.”
His words disgusted me. That would never happen. Never! “You can dream all you want,” I said, keeping my chin high. But he could see through me. I gripped the tree branch tighter, not wanting to fear. “You yourself just said you had more women than you needed. What difference would I make?”
“Yes, I did say that, but didn’t say I had queens. I said women, concubines. And they are all unnecessary! But I have no queen. Did you not study my country in your history books?”
I swallowed hard. “You admit that you are a great deal older than I.”
He smiled too wide, his teeth too white. “An advantage for me, I’m sure, although not to good for you.”
“I’m already betrothed.” I blurted the words out hurriedly, before I turned back. I didn’t want to say another word to this monster of a man. I wanted to wheel and run, and not stop, not even when I hit the ocean. I wanted to run across the water, and not stop until I reached my castle.
“Yes, you are betrothed, but are you wed, dear girl?” His grin was menacing.
I didn’t say a word, rejecting the tears that stung my eyelids.
“Ah!” He laughed with his husky voice. “You say nothing. It’s true, is it not? And there is nothing you can do.”
What did he mean there was nothing I could do? Tears started streaming down my cheeks. There was always something I could do! That was the way things were! Could I really be helpless, in a situation that I had to be rescued, and there was no other way? That couldn’t be! I wouldn’t believe it!
“There is something I could do,” I said behind a wall of tears. My words were pure anguish. “I could kill myself. Then there would be no reason for Brye to come.”
Aduhlajh didn’t look convinced. “And how would he know of your death?”
“I have means. Word would get out. And then my death would be on your hands, and there would be nothing you could do.” I glared at him, wistful venom in my eyes.
Aduhlajh’s jaw set. His eyes were fuzzy, none of his usual arrogance. “You could do that.” He turned to leave. I let my chest rise and fall, swallowing my tears. Suddenly he spun around. “But, to let you know, I could do anything I wanted with you, whenever I wanted. Please know that I am being kind to you.” His angry glare lingered for a moment, then he was gone.
I let my head drop. I couldn’t stop crying. Everything about the man angered me, and at the same time, almost frightened me. He was too much of everything. Too arrogant, too humble, too tall and too fit, too handsome but too ugly. I hated him. I hated him with such a passion that it made me sick.
I jumped out of the tree. I didn’t care what he said. He may be the ruler of this country, but I was ruler of two others. And I was going to my room.


Nothing was said to me about fleeing to my bed that day. But while I sobbed with my head in the pillow, I did think of something wonderful. The reason I never saw Kirken was because he was always in the kitchen, right? No one ever said I couldn’t go into the kitchen. So I decided to visit him, and while I’m at it, see if he knows where I could find a grimy place under the palace.
No one had told me where the kitchen was, but I knew most kitchens were in the same place; conjoined to the dining room. With that in mind it wasn’t hard for me to find it.
 It was a small little place, and none too fancy. The door to the kitchen on the side of the dining room was nice and white washed, but the other side was different you couldn’t even tell it was the same door. It was cracked and dirty, and there was no paint. The faces in the kitchen were all sullen, as if there was no hope for the future. They worked without looking up from what they were doing, and their conversations lagged. For a few moments no one even noticed me. Then a plump lady with her sleeves rolled up and her hands kneading bread dough looked up, her eyes in alarm. I thought she was about to scold me for being where I shouldn’t, but instead she said, “Is there anything I can do for you miss?”
I pressed my lips together for a moment. “I’m looking for Kirken.”
The lady looked surprised, but not startled. She wiped her hands on her apron. “He’s in the back room.”
“Thank you,” I said as I made my way through another smudged door. He was at the back of the room standing at a wash bin. My heart dropped. He was washing dishes, and there were more pots and pans and fancy silver dishes than I had seen in my life. Not to mention the basket of cutlery to be washed, to the side of it all.
“Kirken?” I said, almost timidly.
He turned slowly, his head ducked and his eyes cast down as usual. He was about my height, though he might be a bit taller if he wouldn’t hunch. That was why I thought he was a small man. His big brown eyes were alarming, and his tousled blonde hair shown he hadn’t had a bath in a while. His clothes were torn and old. I looked down at my own. They weren’t gowns I had brought from home, that was for sure. They were much lighter, supposedly for the warmer weather, but you could never be sure. I watched as Kirken’s eyes kindled.
“Prin…” He shook his head. “Layla. Can I do something for you?”
I just stared at him for a moment. Then I knew what I had to do. “No. I was just lonely.” I put my hands in the sudsy basin and started to help with the wash.
He looked at me with alarm “Oh, no, I don’t need any help.” He wouldn’t meet my eyes.
“There’s nothing else to do in the wretched palace.” I continued washing. He did need the help if he was going to finish this load by tomorrow. He didn’t say anything else, and we washed in silence for what seemed an eternity. It seemed awkward, not having conversation, but he seemed used to it. Well, I wasn’t. “Are you a sorcerer?” I asked.
His eyes shot and met mine. “I–” Then they trailed down back into the water. “I don’t know.”
That was odd. How could he not know? “Have you ever tried flying?”
Kirken shook his head. “I’m afraid they’d would get angry at me.” He swallowed hard. “I’m a cook,” he said with dejection.
“What about your father, was he a sorcerer?” I dropped a dish into the water, splashing myself.
“I… I didn’t know my real father. Or my mother. The man I called father was old, and he had been the cook for half a century.”
Poor boy! How could people be let to live like this? If I had the power, I knew I would stop it all, free every underpaid or abused worker in every kingdom. But I didn’t. “Then perhaps you should try!” I exclaimed. “I could help you. I have a sorceress friend that I could ask advice from. When do you get breaks?”
Kirken’s breath quivered. “I don’t get breaks. The closest thing is when I bring your meals to you in your room, but you have starting coming to dinner.”
“Then I shall stay in my room night and day,” I proclaimed.
Kirken looked up. “But I thought you were ordered not to, by Emperor Aduhlajh,” he said, hushed.
“Aduhlajh–Shmadulajh. I don’t care what he says. I’ll do as I please.” I smiled, feeling triumphant. Then I felt my face turn a sickly green. “The worst he can do is marry me.”
“Would he do that?” Kirken asked, sounding concerned.
I thought for a moment. “I suppose he could.” After all, I was in his kingdom, as his prisoner, and there really wasn’t anything I could do. But I wouldn’t let it happen. I would kill myself before it happened, but I wasn’t about to tell Kirken that. It was bound to worry him. “Oh,” I suddenly remembered. “Do you know of a place, perhaps under the palace, that is deep and full of grime, by any chance?”
Kirken’s face turned to hard lines for a moment, as he went deep in thought. “You might try the dungeon. It isn’t used anymore, not since Aduhlajh has stopped punishing sorcerers for crime. They always escaped anyway.”
“Ah, yes!” I exclaimed. “The dungeon!” I wiped my hands on my gown. “Thank you Kirken!”
I ran out of the kitchen and down the hall. The dungeon. Why hadn’t I thought of that before? It was so obvious. And since it wasn’t used, it would be much easier to enter without being noticed.
I was barefoot on the stone floor, for there was no need for shoes here. The air was always warm, although warm wasn’t always pleasant. I held my skirt in my hands, wishing they were trousers. My hair was lose over my shoulders. Causality was normal here, and I was afraid I was getting used to it.
Now, where to find the dungeon.
That was one thing I had forgotten to ask. But how hard could that be? It was the lowest part of the palace, as far as I knew. So, if I found a staircase leading down below the first level of the palace, wouldn’t that direct me rightly? It was inevitable.
I wandered into a room full of books and scrolls and such. I supposed it to be a library. I decided to pull a few books of the shelves, just to see if there was any secret doors. You could never be sure.
“The Art of Sword Making,” I read the titles. “A Thousand Tales of Death and Torture,” I shivered. Then I saw something I could use. “How Sorcerers Fly.” I took it off the shelf and opened it. I was surprised at what I saw. The pages were blank, no words, not even one. I flipped through it again, just to be sure. It was a thick book, about five hundred pages. It was odd for it to be blank. 
I was about to put it back on the shelf, when I notice the keyhole on the wall where the book had been. My hand immediately went to my pocket. Could the key fit? Oh, could it? I managed to keep myself from getting excited, for there was a chance I could be wrong. For how could the keyhole be here all the time, and not already be found by another body? These books did look a bit dusty. They probably hadn’t been touched in years, or at least this shelf. The keyhole was at eye-level for me. Most people here were much, much taller. Except for Kirken, of course. They wouldn’t have been able to see it from where they stood. Could that be what had kept it from being noticed?
I put my key to the hole, then thought better. I put it back in my pocket and started taking the books off the shelf. I coughed, dust swirling, ancient dust. It was at least an inch thick in places. I dusted the shelf off with my hand once it was clear of books.
I heard voices, footsteps coming down the hall.
I tried to feel anxious, but I desperately wanted to know if the key fit, without being caught. I ran and shut the door quietly. It was two familiar voices. One sounded like Soea, whom I hadn’t seen in days. That was no loss, though. 
I waited until they passed before I took the key back out of my pocket. I brought it to the lock, and held my breath. I pushed it in and turned. 
A click.
I let my breath out as the wall let down, just the wall from that shelf. It was like a sideways door, but a small one. The air through the door was foggy with dust, and there didn’t look to be any light. But I had to see what was there.
I put the key back in my pocket and began to lift myself onto the shelf. Suddenly, I heard the doorknob turn to the library. It scared me so that I fell. Oh, whoever it was had just ruined everything! They would send me away, and explore it themselves, and take whatever–
“I don’t need to worry,” I whispered, watching the books jump back onto the shelf. It was as if they were covering for me, making sure I was the only one who knew my secret.
The door swung open, and in walked a being with soft footsteps. I didn’t turn around; I didn’t want to know who it was. Then I heard a laugh, and I knew.
“Is it a game of yours to lay on the library floor? Does it make reading easier for you?”
Only one person laughed and taunted like that. One person that I despised beyond all. “Soea, I have no desire to look at your face.”
He chuckled. “Close your eyes then, for I have business with you.”
I jumped up and spun around. “Don’t you get it? I hate you! Why do you laugh so, why do you play so when I know you hate me back? You’re so difficult to understand, and, and,” I began stuttering, searching for words, “and I don’t even want to know why.” I rested my evil gaze on him.
But still he smiled!
“I know you hate me. And I could make you love me at any second if I wanted to.”
“No you couldn’t. It’s not possible.”
“Oh, dear girl, anything is possible when you’re the top sorcerer of the world.”
I wanted to laugh. Oh, how badly I wanted to laugh at his dramatic remark. There was no way he was the top sorcerer of anything.
“If you only knew, little princess.” Soea came forward, took my head in his hands, and kissed me on the forehead. My feet were glued to the floor, and I shook all over with defiance.
“How dare you touch me.” But I couldn’t move. I didn’t know why. But I wouldn’t let myself believe that it was him.
“I dare because I can.”
“You said you had business.” I wouldn’t let my eyes meet his.
“Oh, yes, I wanted to tell you that if you’re not careful, you will be married to Aduhlajh. I wanted to warn you, because I pity anyone in bond with him. You’re too beautiful, my dear. Do something to yourself, go kiss a frog or something. Save yourself!”
“Why would you care?” I spat out.
He took my by the shoulders. How badly I wanted to wrench free, hit him in the head, scream I hate you a million times and run away. But I couldn’t. “You have helped me,” he smiled.
My face was full of disgust, but I could feel fear behind it all. He did have powers, and I had to admit it. But it scared me. “You’re welcome,” I swallowed hard.
Soea let go of me and through his head back, his laugh was more than I could bear.
“I’ll see you tonight!” He bellowed, slamming the door behind him.
I sank to my knees. I wanted to cry, but I didn’t want to be weak. With him as my enemy, all was hopeless. How did he know to find me in the library? He must always know where am. That eliminated the option of sneaking away. He had the power to make me helpless, so there was no way of fighting back.
For once, I knew I was defeated.




Chapter 13

I left the magical shelf and its books and fled to my tower. It was becoming my place of refuge, for no one ever bothered me there. Except for the occasional Kirken bringing me my meals. He surprised me by not asking me why I was looking for a deep and grimy place; in fact, he questioned me no further. He didn’t even ask if I had found what I was looking for.
What surprised me by finding the key’s match in the library was that the place was neither deep, nor dirty. The riddle could have possibly meant deep by magical, and grime by the dust that lingered everywhere. That was the only explanation I could think of.
I lived every day of my captivity in fear. I was scared of Soea now, more so than I had been before, because I now realized his power. I wasn’t even sure if it was me being scared, or him using his powers to make me so. But what did it matter? Either way, I still had fear in my heart, which made me despise myself.
I sat by the window waiting for Mem. I did it everyday, waiting to hear word of my beloved Brye, she never came. I began to doubt her.
The sight out my window never seemed to change, except for at night, when all was still and not a sorcerer flew. How I wished I could fly. I would fly away this second and hide myself. Where I would hide, I didn’t know, for Soea would find me anywhere. But I wanted more than anything to be away from him. He made my heart sick.
“Mem,” I sang, “I want to know. I want to hear what is happening to me, what to expect, for oh I fear it.”
“Okay.”
She scared me so badly I fell off the stool I was sitting on, screaming all the way.
“Whoa! Quiet, girl, I didn’t mean to scare you so.” Mem was there, in my window. She was bringing me news! News of Brye!
“What have you heard, Mem, oh, what have you heard? Did you find him? Did he believe you, that it was me? What’d you say? Oh, what’d he say?” I stood up, throwing every question I could think of.
“Slow down, don’t get so excited.” She came in the window, into the room, sitting on my stool.
I felt my face droop. “You didn’t find him, did you?”
“No, I found him,” she said, although she didn’t look enthused.
“Well?”
“Well, you were right. He is going to need a lot of convincing.”
I sighed, feeling depression coming on. “Oh, did he hurt you?”
“He would’ve if I couldn’t fly. He’s spitting mad. Right now I think he could kill Soea and Aduhlajh at the same time.”
“Really?” I said, hope in my voice.
“I don’t know. He’s angry enough, that’s all.” She sighed. “He knew the letter was your handwriting, but he thought that maybe I forced you to write it, or something.”
I stood up straighter and began pacing. “I need to send him something of sentimental value that I know only he and I know about. Something we’d both laugh at, a secret we both share.”
“Yes,” Mem agreed, “so what do suggest?”
Suddenly I stopped pacing. “Do you know where I could find any pink frosting?”
A malicious laugh filled the room. I covered my ears, for even the sound of his voice made me ache. Soea walked right through the wall, startling Mem even more than I.
“Dear Memlai, what are you up to?” He held out his arms, as if welcoming her.
I looked at Mem, and she shuddered. She looked pained to be in the same room with him.
“I’m plotting against you, my flower-boy,” her voice was shaky. She seemed so scared, even though she was a sorcerer, too. It made me frightened even more.
“Ah, I know. And I knew dear Brydon wouldn’t believe a word you said. Nothing will stop him from saving his dear, dear, girl,” he turned his eyes to me with a vicious love in them. It made me look away.
“Don’t fear me so, Layla.” He came forth and put a hand on my shoulder. I began to tremble. Then he looked at Mem. “I’m sure Mem has told you. I’m quite a good aficionado. She was almost my betrothed.”
My jaw would have dropped if I hadn’t been scared solid. That was why Mem hated him so! He must have left her for Viloria, who was as far as I knew, not even a sorcerer. He was so cold, such a lowly beast, that I couldn’t help myself any longer. I couldn’t stay silent, not when Mem’s heart was being trampled as if it meant nothing at all. I was still terrified, but I had to say something. “You terrible cad.” I spoke slowly, stepping away from him. “You are the most heartless creature I’ve been touched by. And I’m disgraced by your touch! I am terrified by even your laugh, but that won’t stop me from saying what I feel.”
Soea tilted his head at me, as if to tell me he was listening.
“You care for no one!”
He let go of me. “That’s right! I told you were intelligent!” The laughter and playfulness was gone from his voice. He was getting defensive. “Why should I do anything for anyone else, when no one does a thing for me? I help myself!” He began to scream, his face turning red, shaking from the force of his voice. “And no one will stand in my way! I am the greatest sorcerer there ever was!” His eyes seemed to turn red with anger. He hunched lower and put his face close to mine. “And you’re right. I hate you too. So much, that the only thing that is keeping me from killing you is Aduhlajh!”
He turned to Mem, with an accusing finger. “But nothing is stopping me from her.” His voice was lower, and he sounded as if he were going mad.
“Why do you hate me?” I screamed at him.
He turned slowly. “What?”
“Why do you hate me so?” I screamed again.
His eyes rolled back in his head, and his mouth opened wide. He screamed like a beast. My legs gave out, from fright, and I covered my mouth. Mem couldn’t move. I could see she was trying desperately to fall out of the window, but Soea had her there. 
He was more of a beast than I knew.
As I was certain he was about to kill her, the door swung open. And who would have thought he could save the day?
It was Kirken!
He had my food, and he looked terrified.
“Don’t go,” I whispered to him, for he looked ready to run.
Soea looked at me, and yelled in anguish. Then he stormed from the room, bumping into Kirken, causing him to drop the plate.
Mem slunk off the stool. We were both breathing so hard, and tears started to come. They came, harder and harder, and I couldn’t stop. I held my dress to my face.
Kirken stopped picking up the broken glass and came over to me. He looked timid, and slightly shook up, but I could hardly see him through my stream of tears.
“Are–” he got down to my level. “Are you okay?”
“I–I–I– I don’t know,” I managed to choke out. “I d–d–don’t w–what’ll become of m–me.” I was still so frightened, and needed to be held. I wanted Brye so badly, but a hug from anyone would have done. I looked up at Kirken, still crying uncontrollably. “W–will you h–hug m–me?” I said, sniffling.
Kirken looked surprised, and nervous, and I almost regretted asking him. I forgot he was a mistreated servant. For a moment he was simply my friend, there when I needed him. He surprised me by, after a second, putting his arms around me. I cried on his should. He was tense, but I couldn’t care. I was so shaken up.
I drew back from him and looked at Mem. She on the floor, crying in hysterics just as I was. I crawled over to her.
“Is it h–him m–aking us c–cry?” I sobbed, lying next to her. Kirken came and sat next to me.
“I don’t kn–know.”
We laid there for at least a quarter hour, unable to control ourselves.
“I’m so s–s–sorry I put you in this d–danger,” I apologized.
“N–no,” Mem wailed, “It was a–a–all m–me.”
Kirken brought us both some food, which helped us calm down a bit. I sat with my legs crossed, my plate on my lap. Each bite was tasteless, despite how delicious it was. I stared out into space. “My life is near it’s end.”
“Don’t say that,” Kirken said. He was beginning to open up to me.
“But it’s true!” I said in despair. “Brye is coming, their plan is working!”
“What if they change their plan?” Kirken said.
“Yes, Brye is on guard now, whether he believed the letter or not. Would they still let him come all the way here, do you think?” said Mem, holding her fork half-way in her mouth. She looked as despairing as I.
“Maybe, but it would be for the worse!” I said. “And what about you, Mem, what’s to become of you?”
“I don’t know,” she whispered. Her face had blanched. “Soea always gets his way. I can’t think of anything that would stop him.” She stood up, for the first time since she flew in my window. “I… I’m going to go home. I’m so scared he’ll come back.”
I stood up too. “But you’ll come back, won’t you?”
Mem smiled, wistful again. “Of course.” Then her smile faded. “That is, if I’m alive to come back.”
“Do you think he’d hurt you?” I asked.
She shook her head. “I don’t know. I’ll never know what to expect from him.” She turned to Kirken. “Thank you Kirken, it was so nice to meet you. You’re a wonderful cook.”
Kirken smiled. Mem took a last look at me, then flew away.
“Oh, Kirken,” I said. “Is all hope lost?”
He smiled, and shook his head. “I’ve never known hope, until I met you.”






Chapter 13

I was afraid to leave my room. I wanted to go back to the library and go through the secret door, but I didn’t want to risk running into Soea again. I had done something to trigger his emotions, which I thought he didn’t have. When he protected himself, he did it with deadly venom.
I knew there was almost as much of a chance of Soea flying through my wall as there was of him finding me while I was wandering about the palace. But nevertheless, I stayed in my room for three dragging days, seeing no one but Kirken when he brought my food.
“Aduhlajh’s growing anxious with you. I’m afraid of what he’ll do.” Kirken had brought me a cup of Leflet tea, which I needed desperately.
“Don’t fear for me,” I blew on the steaming liquid.
“I can’t help it,” he said. “You are the only person that has ever been kind to me more than once.”
It made me feel better inside that some good did come of my captivity. We both needed each other’s companionship. I finished my tea and handed the cup back to Kirken. He stood up and made his way to the door.
“Kirken, can you do me a favor,” I asked.
He turned around with compliant look in his eyes.
“Don’t slump.” I watched him as his eyes lit up, and he straightened his back. I stepped closer to him. He was not close to my height at all anymore; he had at least five inches on me. I smiled.
He looked excited as he left the room.
I fell onto my bed. The word wistful kept going through my mind. Everything in my life right now that was good, it was good for a bad reason. I was so helpless, and although when I first came here it was a new feeling for me, I was getting quite accustomed to it. I heard footsteps coming up the stairs. I looked around. Had Kirken forgot something? I got off my bed to open the door for him. But it swung open by itself.
And I wanted to go throw myself back onto the bed.
I was frightened at the sight of the man standing in my doorway, though not as frightened as I would be if it were Soea. It was Aduhlajh. And he looked strangely happy.
“Oh, no,” I breathed. “I’m about to die.”
He stepped in and shut the door. “No, I’ve decided not to kill you.”
“You’ve killed me already.”
“Yes,” he considered. “I suppose you will feel like dying when I tell you that Brydon is dead. So, I won’t say it.”
I collapsed. I held my head in my hands. No. No. I wasn’t going to believe it. He was toying with me, and Soea was too, from a distance, making me believe it was true. “No!” I screamed at him. Then I got my wits together. “It isn’t true. That’s preposterous. A sorcerer friend of mine took him a letter from me explaining why he needed to return home. I’m sure that’s where is by now.” I rocked back and forth, squeezing my eyes shut. A lump formed in my throat. I had to believe myself. I had to believe he was still alive.
“Well, nonetheless, I am not going to kill you. If he isn’t dead, as you say, but at home making no attempt to rescue you, then there is on reason why you shouldn’t marry me.”
I gasped, my body completely still. It wasn’t Soea making me still, though. It was shock.
“In one week’s time.” He grinned his huge, blinding grin.
I ran to the window and jumped up in the sill. “No!” I kept my head high. “I’ll jump first. I’d rather die a million times than marry you once.”
He kept on grinning. Did he not believe me?
“I will!” I screamed.
Soea walked in the room, hands clasped together beneath his robe’s long sleeves. His grin wasn’t as huge, but it was worse. Far worse. I fell, unfortunately not out the window. I hit the stone, breathing hard. I had bit my cheek, and it was bleeding. I swallowed the blood, although I wanted to spit it in their faces.
“No, you won’t.” Aduhlajh received a bow from Soea, and he nodded.
“You said yourself that we hated each other, love,” Soea kneeled down at me. I closed my eyes. “But nevertheless, no hard feelings, okay?” Soea raised his hand, and as he did, I was lifted into the air. I couldn’t move, and I could scarcely breath.
Aduhlajh bellowed, “You will not kill yourself. Soea will see to that. And if you won’t cooperate, you will find yourself in love with me.”
Oh, he was so evil. I would fight it. I would fight any emotion that was sent my way by him. I couldn’t let it happen! I was dropped to the ground, released from Soea’s force.
I cried out.
“Soea will accompany you everywhere until the day of our wedding. I will give you the free will of your emotions until then, if you are a good girl.”
“What have I don’t to you?” I said hoarsely, looking up at him.
“Um, let’s see,” he held his chin, pretending to be searching for his words. “You cut off my arm.” He waved his nub at me, and left the room.
I began to cry. Soea shut the door behind us. That only caused me to tremble. He got down at my level, but I wouldn’t meet his eyes. What reason did I have to live? I didn’t even have a reason to fear him anymore. Death almost seemed comforting, I thought for a second, but when Soea spoke I couldn’t help but be afraid.
“Listen,” he said gently. “The tables have turned. Something has happened that has changed mine and Aduhlajh’s agreement, and I would kill him right now if it weren’t for his trillions of sorcerer guards.”
I sniffled and looked at him. “Why would I help him who only helps himself?”
“Because,” his voice was hushed now, his face getting closer to mine. “Helping me would be helping yourself.”
“Is Brye dead?” His answer would decide mine.
“He would have been if Viloria had died tomorrow.”
I sat up. He was alive! Alive! I wanted to hug Soea, dance around the room, and spit in Aduhlajh’s face. But I held in my emotions. “Viloria is dead?” I asked suddenly.
He nodded sullenly. “She contracted the disease of the sand. She must have caught it from her camel.”
I hadn’t a clue what that was, but I wasn’t about to waste the breath to ask. “How do I know this is true?”
“You saw me. You saw how angry I got with you, and Mem. You think that was pretend? That is how angry I am with Aduhlajh. And, in truth Layla, I have never hated you as much as you have hated me. I have despised you at times, but you truly have a sense about you that is easy to love.”
I wasn’t sure about how to feel about his flattery. So I ignored it. “What are we going to do then?”
“Well,” he said, devious conspiracy in his voice. “We will act as though we are doing nothing. You must pretend to hate me, and I must pretend to hate you.”
There wouldn’t be as much pretending for me as there would be for him. Then something struck me. “You know what?” I said. “I think I have a plan.”

I walked beside Soea in the open corridor. It was fairly easy to pretend to hate it, because it wasn’t as if I loved him or anything. But at the same time I was getting more and more excited by the moment, realizing there was some hope for me.
We turned a corner and entered the library. Soea shut the door behind, placing down the bar to lock it.
“Why did you want Viloria, anyway?” I asked, looking around the musty room.
“Had you ever seen her?” He smirked boyishly.
I shook my head.
“Ah, surpassing beauty, that puts even you to shame,” he winked at me.
Beauty should have been called the root of all evil. It caused Soea to break Mem’s heart and nearly kill her, and it was causing me to be wed to Aduhlajh. I wasn’t vain, but would a rich and powerful emperor marry me if I were ugly?
“Now, which shelf?” Soea was standing akimbo, tossing his hair from his face.
“This one.” I took How Sorcerers Fly off the shelf. I was about to set it on the table behind me, but I opened it instead. There was still no words in it. I set it on the table, not bothering to shut it. “Do you have the candle?” I asked Soea.
“Uh,” He searched through his pockets. “Ah!” he pulled it out. “Yes, I do.”
“But how do we light it?” I asked him.
He smiled at me and gestured to watch. He brought it close to his face, and blew on the wick. A flame appeared.
“Bravo,” I said. He was quite the showoff. “Now let’s see what’s behind this wall.” I took the key out and opened the door. This time I had forgotten to take the books off the shelf. But, no fear, they cleared themselves. They all jumped off the shelf.
“You first,” Soea said, lifting me onto the shelf. I should’ve protested, but I didn’t. I fell through the tiny sideways door and hit the ground with a thud.
“You alright?” He hollered at me.
“I’d be better if you were the one who had fallen.”
Soea jumped through the whole, landing on his feet. That was not fair. “May I hold the key?” He asked.
I grasped it protectively. “Why?”
“Just trust me.” He took it from me and held it out in front of his face. He turned a bit to the right, then to the left. “Ah!” He said, finally. “This is the way to go.” He knelt down and dusted the cobwebs from the floorboard. There was a trap door, with a lock that looked to be the same fit as the shelf-door. And also the key, for safe keeping, I remembered. “For if they lost it they would be weeping!” I knelt down beside him. “We’ll need the key more than twice, I suspect. The riddle said to keep it safe, or else.”
“Or else what?” Soea asked, opening the door.
I shrugged.
“Would it make you feel better if I went first this time?”
I nodded at him. “Without doubt.”
He stood and took his cape in his hands. “Well,” he said, then jumped in.
That definitely wasn’t the way I would have approached entering the hole in the floor. I heard a thud, and dust rose in clouds up out of the trap door. “Are you still alive?”
“Fortunate for you, isn’t it?” he responded.
I put my legs through the hole and slid down. Soea attempted to catch me, but we fell. What we fell on, however, wasn’t a wooden floor, but gads of old cloth sacks full of feathers. And dust. I could hardly breath!
Coughing uncontrollably, we rolled off the dust sacks. I put the edge of my skirt over my nose and mouth.
“See any sign of a door?”
I looked around. There wasn’t much I could see. Soea began running his hands along the walls, searching for a deep crease. Then I saw it. “Soea, it’s right there.” I pointed to the wall.
He came and stood by me. “I don’t see it.”
I put my hand in his pocket took the key from him. He wouldn’t have given it to me if I’d asked. I went to the corner of the wall and put the key in the lock. I turned it. 
“Well, how do you like…”
His words were drowned out when the whole wall fell. Luckily, it fell away from us and not toward. It was a tall, and not to mention heavy wall. But what I saw on the other side I didn’t exactly like.
“Soea, what did you do with the candle?”
“To late for that, sweetheart. Left it up one story.” He walked past me, out onto the fallen wall. I followed.
In front of us was mud, mud, water and more mud. Light streamed through some parts of the ceiling, which was obviously a room from the palace.
“Oh look,” Soea pointed up. “It’s Aduhlajh’s toilet room.” He reached his hand into my pocket and pulled the key out, tossing it up and catching it.
I jumped, and glared at him.
He tried to hold in his laugh. “Hope you don’t mind the muck.”
What did he mean? I was a warrior, mud didn’t bother me. I stood and thought for a second. Then I added it up. Toilet room above, mud below.
I gasped. “You’re wretched to think I’d walk across that!”
“Oh, Layla, I’m only joking. I’d never do that.” He picked me up and we started flying across. “Of course you know, I could drop you at any second.” he smiled maliciously, like a child who knew he was doing wrong.
“You wouldn’t do that.” Would he? I glared at him. He had swooped me up and started across before I had time to even protest.
“If I dare to touch you, I dare to drop you.” He stopped grinning, and smirked smugly.
I tightened my grip around his neck. “Go faster.”
He sped up. How big could the room be? At least we had a little light. Finally we came to a door. It was high up, near the ceiling.
“How are we going to open it?” I asked him.
“You are, dear.” He lifted me up to wear I sat on his shoulder. He gave to key to me, and we flew closer to the door. I put the key up to the lock, then paused.
“What if something pops out at us, and we fall?”
“Oh, I wouldn’t fall,” he said. “You would.” Did he ever stop finding reasons to smile?
I turned the key and the door fell open. It was like a cabinet. Soea pushed me up through it, and I groped at the walls of the tiny space for something to hold on to. But I couldn’t find anything. “Soea, don’t let me fall,” I demanded.
His only response was a chuckle.
“There’s another door!” I called.
“Don’t you still have the key?”
Oh, yes. I did. In fact, it was in my hand. I was lucky I hadn’t dropped it. I tried to reach my hand up to the lock, but the space was cramped, and Soea was still shoving me upwards. “Stop pushing me! I’m being mashed against the door!”
 “I can’t help it,” he returned. “The little door is closing on my legs.”
The air was stuffy and it was hard to breath. I struggled to get my hand to the lock. My bones were all aching, ever single one, from being smashed. I tried to put the key in the lock, but it wouldn’t fit. My eyes flew open wide. “It doesn’t fit,” I started to panic. “Soea what do we do the key doesn’t fit?” I started breathing hard, terribly uncomfortable in such a tight space.
“What?” He said, alarmed. “Alright, alright. Don’t panic.”
“But you are!”
“No I’m not!” he hollered. “I’m getting… excited. Now, knock on the wood and see how thick it is.”
I knocked, but I didn’t know how to tell?
“Knock louder!”
 I did it louder.
“Okay, it’s not that thick. How strong is your punch?”
“Um,” I started. “It’s not weak.”
“Try punching through it.”
I tried. It hurt. “I think it’s thicker than you thought it was!” I tried to bring my knuckle to my mouth, but it was too cramped.
“We’re going to have to switch places.” He heard him shifting around.
“What?” I hollered. “There’s not even enough room to breath! How is that going to be accomplished?”
“Just press yourself against the wall then. I won’t make you move.”
“What?”
“Just do it?”
I obeyed. It wasn’t out of fright this time, which was encouraging. Well, in a sense it was. I was frightened of suffocating in this dark tunnel. I couldn’t see a thing. “Why did it close, do you think?” I asked him.
“I don’t know,” I said while struggling to push himself upward. “I’m a sorcerer, not a psychic.”
I held my breath. He was now pressing against me, which made it even more difficult to breath. Up he scooted. Now I could feel his face close to mine. I was glad it was to dark to see his laughing, teasing eyes.
“Couldn’t you have made it disappear from where you were?” I asked, turning my head.
“Maybe,” he said as he punched through the little door. I could feel his devilish smile.
“You’re very easy to loathe.” Light poured in, and I closed my eyes.
“I know.”
We both looked up, and the sight startled me. A lady with a white cap over her gray hair was staring at us. She had her hand on a pot that she had gone to retrieve. We had ended up in a kitchen cupboard!
Soea pushed me through, knocking pots and pans and other dishes out and all over the floor. We had ended up in the kitchen.
Once Soea was out, he turned to me and dusted himself off. “Well, my dear, your plan has failed.” He brushed past me.
I stood, dumbfounded. It didn’t make any sense at all. Why would someone take the time to make the secret rooms and secret doors that all had the same key, if there was absolutely no meaning in it? I was terribly depressed that the sweet little riddles were meaningless. They were so skillfully written. It was so difficult to believe, and even though I was here in the kitchen, I wasn’t sure that I even did.
I turned and saw Kirken looking at me.
“What are you doing?” he asked, and for a moment I thought he was going to laugh. Instead he just smiled.
“I don’t know.” My voice was quiet, sad. I was hopeless. I couldn’t figure anything out. And I wouldn’t even have made it through that maze on my own! I walked out of the kitchen, ignoring Kirken’s troubled stare. He could tell I was out of hope. But, I couldn’t give up. Why not? I just did.
I met Soea in the corridor. He looked sullen too.
“I’m… I’m sorry. Really am. I didn’t mean to ruin your life, honest.” He sighed.
“Honest?”
He nodded. “How about a truce? If you’re going to be married to Aduhlajh, you’ll be living here. And I’ll be appointed as his counselor. At least we can mourn out lost lives together.”
I looked at him, tears filling my eyes. “Lost lives? Am I really that lost?”
“Aw, sweet, didn’t mean to make you feel worse. Maybe we can still figure something out.”
“Can I go to my room alone?” I asked, pleadingly.
“You know I have to follow you everywhere.” Oddly enough, he didn’t even look happy about it. Did he really feel sorrow for me?
“Can I hide you in the closet?”
“Of course.”



Chapter 14

Six days went by. I was in despair. It was dawn, and I knew that this was the last sunrise I would see as a free woman. Was I a woman? Or somewhere in between? It didn’t matter at this point. Tomorrow I would put on the ugliest pink dress I’d ever seen and become an Empress. I didn’t understand: was Soea to follow me forever to make sure I didn’t kill myself for the rest of my life? I didn’t think Aduhlajh had everything thought through exactly. But what did it matter? What did anything matter? This was my last free day for the rest of my life, and I wasn’t really even free!
I tied my robe tight around me. It made me nervous having Soea sleep on the couch in the corner every night. But I was no longer afraid of him, and I had even thanked him, telling him I was grateful.
I went and sat by the window. The sky was a lie, so blue with morning happiness. 
I heard Soea stir and rise. “What do you want to do today? This is a special, but a solemn day, you know.”
I nodded my head. I knew. I didn’t know what I wanted to do. I wished I could see Mem, but she hadn’t been found anywhere near the palace since the incident with Soea that day. I felt bad for her. Soea was changed, not mean at all. Well, he was in some fiendish sort of ways. But it didn’t hurt.
“I suppose we can go to the library.” I stood and walked to my clothes cupboard.
“Yes, maybe we can find the book Ten Ways to Turn Off an Evil and Powerful Emperor.”
“You forgot the words vainglorious and sinister.” I took out a gown and turned around. “Please go and wait outside the door.”
He did my bidding. But how did I know he couldn’t see through the walls? I slipped my nightgown off and my day gown over my head. I brushed my hair a few times and left it. For who cared? What did looks matter at this point? They were the most destructive objects of my length of captivity. And just to think that after tomorrow I would no longer be a captive, but a resident; it made me shiver.
I joined Soea and we made our way to the library. I took a book and sat down. I didn’t even look at the title, I just wanted something to do. “’More than one,’ she gasped,” I read aloud. “’I thought I had it all planned out!’” I laid to book down. More than one. There was usually more than one of everything. More than one way to be kidnapped, more than one way to be frightened, more than one way to day, more than one way too… I gasped. “More than one way to be saved!” I jumped up.
“What?” Soea said. He had his legs propped up on a little table as he read a book of prophecies.
I wildly tore through the books on the shelves. Maybe there was another secret lock, another secret door! I cleared four shelves and kept going. Suddenly someone grabbed my wrists.
“You’re going mad.” Soea let me go.
I started throwing books off the shelves again. “Wouldn’t you go mad if the one you loved was still out there and your were marrying another?” I had pulled off almost all the books I could reach. I fell to my knees. I turned and saw Soea’s eyes, which were big, confused. Then something hit me. “Did she love you?”
“Viloria? Well, not at first, but you know how good I am with controlling others emotions.” He grinned slightly.
“No,” I stood up. “I meant Mem.”
He looked surprised. “I… well. Yes, I think she did.”
“Did you make her?”
“No, she loved me of her own freewill.”
I swallowed hard. “And still you were going to marry another. Well, I know how Mem felt after you did that to her. I don’t want Brye to feel that way! That’s why I’m going mad!”
Soea looked shocked. I had just brought something great to his attention. And that’s how I would leave it, because I felt sick. I couldn’t believe what was happening to me. I was going to marry Aduhlajh! And he would order Soea to make me love him! That was what made me a madwoman.
I sat back down. My eyes stung and my insides trembled. I sat for a few moments, not willing to move. Then I saw the book that was hiding the lock, the How Sorcerers Fly book. I picked it up. There was still no words. I closed it and hugged it. I didn’t want to cry, I really didn’t.
“Soea, I have to go to my room.” I bit my lip, then fled, not even bothering to put the book down.
Birds flew from the windowsill when I slung open the door. I set the book on the bedside table and leapt onto the bed, burying my face. Then I let myself cry.
 After a while I heard Soea enter. He didn’t say anything.
So, I spent the rest of my last day crying, mourning, sobbing, weeping bawling and sniveling.



Chapter 15

I slept as long as I could. Subconsciously I knew that when I woke up it would be the worst day of my life, and that helped me stay asleep until thunder woke me.
I opened my eyes. It hurt. I breathed. It hurt. I sat up and looked out my window. Everything pained me. It wasn’t muscle pain, or my joints, or anything normal. It was my heart. Everything about it hurt.
Lightning flashed outside my window. What fitting weather. I didn’t feel like getting out of bed. I laid back down and rolled over. The book I had left on my side table caught my eye. Maybe there would be words in it today, at the very last second! I didn’t get my hopes up. I grabbed it and opened it. I was right not to. It was the most curious think I’d seen. Blank pages were good for nothing! I wanted to hurl it out the window, but I didn’t. Instead I flipped to the last page. There was a small indention on the inside of the back cover. Also curious. It was in the shape of a key. A key.I sniffled and laid the book back down.
What song was there to describe my misery? What words could capture my pain? I laughed in spite of myself. I could run and jump out of the window at any second, if I liked, and fall to what would be a merciful death. But this… these thoughts were so morbid? What business did I, a brave warrior princess, have thinking these things? I tried to convince myself that everything still had a chance of turning out alright. But… I already felt dead.
The only thing to save me now was love. Brye was my love; love as the key.
Key?
“A key!” I shrieked. I flew out of bed and grabbed the key off the desk. I snatched the book crazily and pressed it into the indention. There was no noise, no sound of confidence, but it fit; my heart leapt sickly. I turned the book slowly to the front. Colorless, but there, words formed. As if they had been written hundreds of years before and were resurfacing gracefully for the first time. I was so ecstatic I could barely breathe, my empty stomach a working butter churn. I nearly drop the book, and had a mess of a time keeping it still enough for my eyes to focus.

After shoving, falling, dust and feces
You know he’s of another species 
Put this book in thy friend’s hand
For he can see more than thee can

And that was all it said. Just an incredibly small paragraph in incredibly small print. What friend could the riddle mean? Who was humble and weak, and of another species?
Soea was of a different species. Sorcerer. But was he humble and weak? I laughed haughtily; certainly not. Mem was also of a different species, well… the same as Soea, but different than me. She had been humbled by recent events. Was I her? But she most definitely wasn’t weak. I knew that. But, who else was there? Maybe is was her, even though it didn’t seem quite right. For who else was there that was both humble, and weak?
“Kirken!” I screamed as he entered with my breakfast. He scared me so badly I almost faintly, and I scared him to, for he almost dropped the tray. I ran to him, took the tray and set it on the floor. “Oh, you humble and weak person, whom I so dearly love now, oh Kirken!” I thrusted the book into his hands. “Read this! Tell me if it sounds familiar, somewhere deep inside.” I held my breath, hearing my heart beating loudly in my ears. 
He looked at me strangely for a moment, after he had looked at the book for a moment, and then began reading it aloud. “Dear son, you’re meant for great things. After reading this you’ll spread your wings. First thank your friend, then she’ll thank you, for what you are about to do.”
I paused. “What?” I said inquisitively while seizing the book from him in the nicest possible manner. My eyes scanned the book quickly but carefully. What he had read was not visible to me. To my eyes. I looked at Kirken incredulously, a smile forming on my lips, and let out a dry laugh of disbelief. I handed the book back to him.
I realized Soea had entered the room. He shut the door behind him. He looked almost as ecstatic as I! “This is where the plot thickens!” he said.
How did he always know what was going on? At least I could always count on him.
Kirken and I stood dumfounded for a moment. What was there to say? What was happening? A few minutes ago I had been asleep in bed and the next thing I knew… Kirken was a different species? “Oh, Kirken!” I shrieked finally. “It’s you! You are a sorcerer! I know it, I know it! Keep reading, please, keep reading!”
Kirken looked shaky and nervous with a hint of excitement as he brought the book back up to his face. “Close your eyes and count to ten; you feel something in you, deep within.”
“Do it!” I ushered.
He handed the book to me. I looked at it, and there was nothing there. Not to my eyes. I watched Kirken breathlessly. He went to his toes, standing tall, his eyes shut tight. And right before me he started to rise, started to float.
I wanted to scream, but we had to keep this secret! Could I be saved, at the very last minute? “You’re flying, Kirken! You are meant for greater places than the kitchen! I knew it!”
He smiled so big, and began to laugh. I had never seen him laugh before. It made me feel good, within myself, and I almost wanted to cry. “Here,” I handed the book back to him. “What else?”
Kirken wouldn’t put his feet all the way down. I didn’t blame him. To fly must be miraculous! I was nearly jealous; for if it were me who could fly, I could leave all of this mess behind me. Far behind. 
“To start your journey will be to end it. I know your afraid son, don’t pretend it. Ask the girl in front of you; she knows exactly what to do.” Kirken looked up at me.
Everyone waited. And amazingly, I did know what to say. “Fly, go find Mem. She’ll help you find Brye. And make sure you bring pink frosting! Mem will know why!” There were footsteps outside the door. “That’s my gown. Go now!”
It was so odd to see Kirken fly out the window. He didn’t look a bit like a brave sorcerer. But it did me good! I was so happy, I felt as if I could fly. But that was a bittersweet thought. “Do you really think this will work?” I asked Soea.
“It’s odd, but books never lie. Especially magic ones.”
Three fat ladies entered the room. One was holding a wooden box, the second was holding an ivory comb and ribbons, and the third was holding my ugly pink dress. It just had to be pink! Although, as much as I hated the color, it was usually a good sign. I watched as they set everything up.
“Shoo, now! No men allowed now!”
“We’ll make sure she is alive for her wedding.” They shooed Soea from the room. I gave him a despairing look, and he puckered his lip at me. Then they shut the door.
“How lovely the color goes with your skin!” They jerked my nightgown off of me. They were not very gentle.
“Ah, yes, and how should her hair go? Off her shoulders?”
 They yanked and pulled at me, lacing my bodice and pulling the pink thing over my head, which was quite snug. It fit my body up too my arm pits, and from there it was dozens of pink ribbons swirling about, tied behind my neck and every other place. The bottom was silky and flowing, and in my opinion it was terribly ugly. I look in the mirror, though, and saw I made it look a mite better.
“Ouch!” I shrieked, as they all three started tugging at my hair.
“Beauty is pain, dear.”
They had no right to tell me what pain was. No one did. No one knew the meaning of pain until they had lived my life.
“Now hold still while I–”
I jerked away. “There is no way you are painting my face.”
The fat lady wrinkled her nose at me smugly. “Okay then,” she got a giant white puff from her box. “But you can’t detest a little shimmer.”
Oh, can’t I? Defiantly I fell prey and let her do her dirty work.
When they were done yanking the hair from my head, I looked in the mirror once more.
“How do you like it?” They asked in unison.
“Uh…” I sighed. What was I to do? My hair was in a braided spiral. It looked like a big seashell on my head. I pulled the ribbon off the top and it fell out. They all gasped, and that made me smile. My hair fell down, and it looked alright, though it was a little wavy now. “What does it matter what I think? I think I shouldn’t be marrying Aduhlajh today, but what does that matter?”
They just ignored me. “Now, come, it’s time. Gather your skirts and your wits, for this is the happiest day of your life!”
“It very well might be,” I muttered. If Kirken succeeded. I didn’t even know what Brye would do when he got here; I just knew that I needed him if I was going to survive this day. The idea that I had a chance of a rescue made me sick, because that also meant that it could go haywire.
The three ladies took me down my stairs, where Soea was waiting.
“I’ll take her from here, thank you.”
We walked side by side, slowly as possible.
“I–” we both said at the same time, interrupting each other.
“You go first,” I told him.
He shrugged. “I thought about what you said yesterday. About Mem. She was my life. I want her back, even if she doesn’t look like Viloria.”
That made my day a little better. They were right for each other. “But will she have you back?” Because, I thought, if I were her and he had done something so horrid and so stupid and didn’t feel bad about it for the longest time and he all of the sudden he wanted me back, I’m not sure I’d oblige.
Soea laughed. “Of course she will. I’ll make–”
I shot him a look.
“Okay, I’ll apologize. It should be her choice, I suppose.”
“I know it’s tempting when you could easily chose her answer for her, but I respect you for letting her decide on her own. And I know she will too.”
He smiled, watching his feet. “What was it that you wanted to say?”
“I,” I started. “I wanted to tell you that if our lives are ruined today, that you won’t be such a bad friend to turn to,” I bit my lip. It was so hard to forgive him when he had been such a monster, but somehow, it felt right.
“Are you agreeing to a truce?” He stuck out his hand.
I shook it. “Truce.” What strange peace there was between us. The oddest.
We trudged along in silence. The door to the gardens was just ahead, where the ceremony was going to take place. “I’m so afraid they won’t make it.” I could feel my lip trembling, tears brimming over.
“Sweet, don’t fear. I was wrong, see? You have nothing to fear. Everything will be… all right.” But even he didn’t sound confident. “At least the lightning has stopped, even if the rain hasn’t.”
“I’d rather there be lightning, so there would be a possibility Aduhlajh being struck dead.” Or me.
“There’s always something blocking your ray of sunshine,” he grumbled. “Are you ready?” We had reached the gardens. The place that had been my refuge now was worse than the deepest darkest pit on the end of the earth. “Silly question, I suppose.” He bent down and kissed my cheek. “Walk as slowly as your legs will let you.”
I swallowed my tears. Here I was, at the edge of the isle. Ready to embark on a suicide mission. Tears threatened to block my sight, but I wiped them away. I put one foot in front of the other, slowly, despising each step. I looked up and saw Aduhlajh in his Emperor attire. So much purple and gold hurt my eyes. Was this the first time he was married? I highly doubted it. I wanted to bite the man’s head off with my own teeth. I was so angry I felt I had to strength to. My tears became hot, each step becoming harder and harder to take. I clutched my stomach, emotions churning around and around.
I stopped.
“No,” I said, disgustedly. “I won’t do this.” I looked at Aduhlajh. “I won’t do this!” I screamed. I wanted to turn and run, but something was holding me there. Soea walked past me, summoned by Aduhlajh.
“Soea,” he yelled. “Do it!”
“But sire–” I heard Soea plea in a whisper.
My face hurt. My body ached. My tears were so hot now they seemed to burn my face. When I looked up and saw Aduhlajh, I saw something that made me so sick I could’ve died on the spot if it weren’t for the sorcerer controlling me.
Aduhlajh wasn’t too much. He was just right. I couldn’t believe what I felt… that Soea had leapt to betray me when he didn’t even want to… but maybe he knew what he was doing?
Aduhlajh, suddenly, was tall, dark and handsome, his grin not too wide, and his teeth not too white. I began walking down the isle, faster this time. I loved him. I loved him. Soea had made me love him! Was it alright? Maybe I had always felt it inside? Everything was a blur before this moment, and all I could think about was this ceremony.
I began running towards him and Aduhlajh, not able to control my feet. I cried out in bitter anguish, and fell. Soea caught me.
“I’m so sorry,” he whispered in my, bare audible. He was crying. For me.
 I stood up and looked at Aduhlajh. I couldn’t have spit on him. His face… oh the horror. I began laughing. I knew why I loved him, that it wasn’t real, but I couldn’t help it. My head hurt and swam, and I just wanted to die.
“Ah, Soea, you’ve developed feelings for the girl!” Aduhlajh bellowed.
Tears clouded my vision.
“What do you expect?” He hollered back. “You gave me a week where I was never to leave her side!” his voice got quieter. “But it’s not like that.”
Aduhlajh laughed. “You better not be in love with my empress, again!”
“I’m not!” Soea yelled. “Not in love. But I have love for her.” He helped me to stand on my own. I still couldn’t stop crying. “It’s not a love you could understand. It’s not empty or forced, it has nothing to do with beauty or wealth or power. It comes from respect.”
Aduhlajh belted out a deep chortle, unconvinced. “And who are you to know something of this kind of love?”
I had to intervene. “Don’t mock him!” I shouted through my wet eyes. “Please, don’t mock him.” I couldn’t be mean to Aduhlajh, no meaner than I could be with Brye. But I could plea.
“Why not?”
I didn’t know what to say. I just stood there, sobbing. This was truly the meaning of helpless.
“If you don’t know, then let’s get married!” He took my hand in his gigantic one. He squeezed it so tight it hurt.
I could barely hear anything that was going on. I made out the part where Aduhlajh was sworn to eternal bonds on my behalf. The word eternal frightened me. I didn’t want to love this man forever. I didn’t want to love him at all! But… I did. I was glad that I loved him. And I couldn’t help it. I loved who I loved, and I happened to love two men now. One of them was right here, my hand in his, swearing his marriage bonds.
Then I heard my name, and I was asked to swear myself in. I wanted to marry him, but I didn’t want to, and I could hardly remember why. My head was a big fishpond, with so much scum and algae that nothing was clear.
“I…” I wanted to say it. I wanted to, but I was stopping myself. I was glad I was stopping myself, but at the same time I wanted to swear. “I sw–” I choked myself on a sob. I coughed for a few moments, then looked up Aduhlajh. He was smiling a smile that used to haunt me. But now it comforted me strangely enough. I couldn’t think of anyone but the man who was in front of me. The man that I loved. I smiled. “I swea–”
Something hit me in the face. It was cold and wet. I put my hand to it. It was pink, and smelled sweet. The smell and the taste jerked my memory in another 
direction. I dropped Aduhlajh’s hand and spun around.
“Brye!”
There he was, crying almost as hard as I was. He stood so erect, so valiantly, with the remains of the pink frosting in his hand. I picked up my skirt to run to him. 
Aduhlajh grabbed me roughly. “You love me, Layla. How could you betray me just like that, for a man you don’t even know?”
“I do know him!” I screamed. My stomach twisted. I cried out and fell to the ground.
I couldn’t do anything. “Soea, you’re a sorcerer!” I was the one who needed saving. I needed it so badly. My body hurt from trembling, and I was crying so hard I wanted to vomit. But I still couldn’t do anything. I was the dame in distress, and I was being torn two ways.
“You can’t leave me!”
I looked up and saw Aduhlajh’s hand flying toward my face. I brace myself for impact, but I didn’t expect a full body blow. I was knocked a few feet by someone who had been flying. It wasn’t Soea or Mem. It was Kirken.
He helped me up. “Soea may be a sorcerer, but so am I.”
Aduhlajh pulled his sword from his side. I choked a shriek. I couldn’t fight right now, and Kirken wasn’t experienced. 
Then, unexpectedly, Aduhlajh froze in his footsteps.
I looked at Brye, his blue eyes so wet with sorrow. I had to keep my eyes on him. It was him I loved, not Aduhlajh. I didn’t love Aduhlajh. I didn’t love Aduhlajh!
Unable to fight the spell, I stepped in front of him, protecting him. “Stop Kirken!” I cried out. I was still weeping without stop. “Please, stop.” I sank to my knees, shaking from each sob.
“Layla, you don’t love him!” It was Mem. She was here?
She came from the sky, landing in front of me. Firmly she took my shoulders. “You love Brye. You know why you feel as if you have love for Aduhlajh, and you know it’s not real!”
“I know,” I sobbed in a whisper, barely able to meet her eyes.
“So get away from him!” She pulled me back, and Kirken stepped in front of me. He had gone from a timid, shy cook, to a valiant and talented sorcerer. That alone was enough to make cry.
“No one gets in my way. Let her love who she loves!” Aduhlajh took his sword and drove it through Kirken, piercing my stomach, too. I cried out.
“You let her love who she loves,” Kirken whispered as he fell to the ground when Aduhlajh mercilessly yanked his sword out.
I gasped for breath, not believing what I just saw. I gripped my stomach, quivering from pain. I somehow found the strength to continue crying.
I was in love with a monster.
“Layla!” Brye ran and threw me his sword. I managed to catch it.
But Aduhlajh just laughed. “Kill me. Kill the man you love.”
“No.” I wasn’t going to kill him. Instead, I cut off his other arm. I couldn’t kill him. The pain from the blow to his arm hurt me so badly, as if I had just taken a blow to my heart. I cried out again and sank to my knees.
I choke, and choked, and couldn’t breathe. My crying had become nearly violent. I heard Aduhlajh hollering at me, in pain, in anguish.
What was done was done.
“Soea,” I cried out. “Help m–” The air was pushed from my lungs as Aduhlajh kicked my in the stomach. I fell, unable to breathe, unable to see, unable to speak. I thought I was about to pass out when I felt a certain pressure released. I opened my eyes. “I hate you.” Soea had released me. He had released me, I was free, and I felt more alive than I had in awhile. For once there was hope. And I knew I was a fool to let the spell consume me in the first place. I sat, clutching my stomach tightly. “I hate, and I hate your country, and I hope no one ever marries you.”
Aduhlajh looked lost. His eyes darted from, around the gardens, searching for– “Soea! You dirty, lying demon!”
Aduhlajh was just about a sight worth laughing at. His arms were gone, and he was yelling for the help of his sorcerer whom had betrayed him. We had switched places. Except for I still had all of my limbs.
“Now you know what it’s like to be the helpless one.” I stood up and ran to Brye. I couldn’t take my hands from my stomach, but I didn’t need to. He held me tight enough to make up for every single time I had needed a hug. It was as if we had never been apart, and never would be again. He was the one I wanted to swear eternal bonds with and be with forever. And at the moment I wanted to stay there in his arms forever, except for the fact that my stomach was bleeding and it hurt so badly my body could’ve given out at any second.
“Let’s see who’s helpless!” Aduhlajh was still hollering. “Guards!”
I felt myself turn pale. Brye let go of me and I ran to Kirken’s lifeless body. It reminded me of another faithful body that had died because of me… Mem picked him up. She was a rather tall woman. To her it was like carrying a child.
I heard the many footsteps of many guards dressed in red and black. Mem and I ran to Brye and Soea. There was a spot of blood on the front of Brye’s tunic where I had been held close.
“What do we do,” I said in a hoarse whisper, for I had no breath to speak.
No one said a word, and it frightened me. The guards were in sight now, running down the isle as if they were a hundred anxious brides. We couldn’t all die now, after we had gotten this far! We had lost one dear life! How would fate be so cruel as to take more? I grasped Brye’s hand. If I died, I wanted it to be by his side.
“Well folks,” Soea started solemnly. But we was cut off by yet another familiar voice; only this one came from the sky.
“I told you I would fly!”
We all looked up, guards getting closer each second. Each second lasted an eternity. Above our heads was a dark blue balloon, with a basket down below it.
“How do you like it?” It was Conrad!
“Conrad!” I screamed. It took my last breath. I leaned on Brye’s shoulder. Conrad threw down a rope. Soea took me in his arms and flew me up to the basket, while Mem flew Kirken’s body close behind. Brye was the only one who needed a rope.
Soea threw me over the side of the basket. I leaned over, watching Brye as he climbed up. One of the Guards got the idea to pull on the rope, which made us jostle downwards.
“Their sinking us!” Conrad yelled.
“Brye,” I said. “Hurry.” I let my arm over the side.
“We have to cut the rope!” Conrad took a knife from his pocket.
“No!” I screamed, grabbing the familiar arm. “Conrad!”
He shook me off. “It’s either that or we all die.”
I got dizzy. I would not leave this place without him. “Then we all die!”
“Don’t be crazy!” Conrad started cutting. I started screaming.
“You’re all crazy!” Soea jumped out of the basket.
I collapsed, senseless from loss of blood. “Brye,” I squeaked, trying to keep my eyes opened. But it was a battle I couldn’t fight. I wasn’t the hero today.

When I awoke, it was dawn, and I was still in the balloon. My stomach was bandaged. My vision was blurred, but I could make out a face in front of me.
It was Brye. I reached out for him, and he took my hand. I had no tears to cry right now. I was too happy to cry.
“This is Conrad’s invention, the hot air balloon. He uses fire to keep it up in the air,” he explained, looking as if he didn’t fully understand it either.
“You’re here,” I said, for there was nothing else I could think about.
“You can thank Soea for that, then you can thank me for saving you.”
I smiled, and decided to kiss him first.
