


Heart of The Reaper





By YD La Mar


 

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental. 

Copyright © 2021 by YD La Mar

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced in any form or used in any manner without the written permission of the copyright owner except for the use of quotations in a book review. 

First paperback edition May 2021

Book Cover: YD La Mar
Editor: Dark Raven Edits


Acknowledgments

	To my wonderful husband, who never bats an eye when I come up with crazy ideas, but instead just adds to it, making my stories come alive. My children, who tell me every day that they are proud of me.
Thank you to everyone who was a fan of my Goodreads’ reviews; the ones who pushed me to start writing. It was the kick in the butt I needed. 
To my beta readers. You guys are the real MVP. Thank you for sticking it with me through the initial phases of my writing journey. All of your feedback has inspired me to better myself and my writing ability. Dana, Vicky, Maria, Sasha, Cate, Alex, Abi Kay, Allie, Ashley and everyone else who beta read, thank you for bouncing ideas with me.
To all my readers, thank you for giving me the chance. I hope I can continue to make you guys proud.



Lesser Demons & Sprites

Adar: A-dar - demon of gluttony

Amoora: A-moor-a - common sprite assigned to Reese

Araaz: A-raz - common sprite assigned to Reese

Asmore: As-more - demon of promiscuity and lust

Asteer: A-steer - replacement hedonistic demon

Baphba: Bap-pa - demon assigned to the souls of pedophiles

Mot’an: Mo-an - demon of desire and envy

Prosi: Pro-zi - demon of vanity

Rosser: Ros-sir - demon of pride and covetousness

Beheraa: Beh-hair-a - reaper of souls






Blurb

How much can one go through before life breaks them?
The only thing that keeps me together, keeps me sane, is my monster.

Did I plan to fall in love with my monster, the grim reaper? No.
But it happened anyway.
And all he does is push me away.

You know what?
He needs to be careful what he asks for because he just might get it.






Courtesy warning: This book may contain triggers for some. Triggers include but are not limited to non-con, unrequited family love, dub-con, knife play, suicidal ideation, depression, violence, blood play, BDSM, choking, biting, demons devouring human flesh, humans devouring demon flesh, themes of war and human trafficking, torture, themes that may be disturbing to some readers.

**if you cannot handle the darkness of unrequited family love in the beginning BUT want to read this story, please skip to Chapter 8. Feel free to message me about the summary of the beginning chapters!**



Dedication


To the monster lovers.
I feel you. I see you.
I am you.

Prologue

The pull I felt brought me to this home. I watched the two humans fighting with resignation as I noticed the man take his hands away from the woman’s neck. The pull I felt earlier dissipates into nothingness. Creatures on this plane come and go. It’s when they waste my time that it gives me feelings of anger. They need to make up their minds whether to welcome death’s embrace. No one appreciates oscillating decision-making, especially not me. 

Leaving the lower level, I enter another room above it. Here in the darkness of a small enclosed room lies a child in sleep. It looks to be female, but it is sometimes hard to tell when they are this small. Her face is wet and dirt clings to it like a magnet, giving her grey streaks down her cheeks. Why the two humans below were given one under their care is beyond me. They don’t deserve it. Not many creatures in this realm deserve it, yet it still happens more so than not. It is not my place to question, and I don’t really care to understand. I am more than willing to remove their souls to bring back to my plane.

The child lets out a breath and turns to her back, revealing her face to me. I only feel pity for the life she has ahead of her. Perhaps if she is lucky, we will meet again sooner rather than later.


Courtesy warning: 

**if you cannot handle the darkness of unrequited family love in the beginning BUT want to read this story, please skip to Chapter 8. Feel free to message me about the summary of the beginning!**

These chapters are quite relevant to the story and how our heroine grows up to be and how she views the world in her adulthood. Her personality is effected by all she goes through and that fact will be evident later on in the story. 


The speech and thought pattern were purposely written to reflect that of the heroine’s age at the time. This will also change and mature as she grows up.


If you choose to continue forward, happy reading


Chapter 1

REESE - 7 years old


I squeeze both my stuffed animals against my ears to stop the noise. It makes my heart pound and makes me cry. I don’t like it when Mommy and Daddy yell at each other. I don’t like it when Daddy comes home like that, smelling funny.

When it hurts too much inside and my stuffies don’t help, I hide in my closet and shut the door. It makes the sound go away a little more. Why does he have to be so mad all the time? Why does Momma have to yell back and make him madder? Why can’t they stop? 

I turn on the little flashlight I have in here. I keep it in here for when I need to chase the shadows away. I hide some of my toys inside my closet for when I need them, like now. I like to play pretend with my dollies. The world my dollies live in is happy. No one yells at each other.

I play for a while until my eyes feel heavy and my head keeps dropping. I crawl onto the floor and push some of my clothes together to make a pillow for my head. I feel so sleepy.

I think I’m dreaming. It’s clear, but it’s fuzzy at the same time. My parents are screaming at each other, but I can’t find them. I’m alone in a place I don’t know, and it’s so scary. It feels cold, and it makes my cheeks colder because my tears made them wet. Where’s my mommy?

I can’t stop crying and I sit on the floor hugging myself because I don’t know which way to go. I can’t tell where my mommy’s voice is coming from. I’m lost and my tummy is full of butterflies because I’m so scared.

“Mommy!”

I try to wipe my eyes on my arm, but I can’t stop crying so it doesn’t help. It just makes my arm wet and colder because the room is so cold. I put my head on my arms to keep warm, but my body is shaking more from my crying than from being cold.

I think I feel something touch me, so I pick my head up. Looking around, I don’t see anything and it makes me cry even more. My skin is getting goose pimples.

A noise behind my head makes me stand up and turn. There’s someone else here. He looks like a man because he’s so big, bigger than Daddy. He’s wearing a dark coat that goes down to the floor and covers his head. He looks warm. I feel so cold. 

I grab his hand because I just want to know where my mommy is. The man pushes me off him and I fall on my butt. I scream because it hurts and I’m still lost.

“Mommy…” I need to get out of here. Where do I go? Where did this man come from?

Bringing my knees back up to my chin, I hug myself because I feel even colder than before. I can see air coming out like smoke from my mouth.

It gets darker behind my closed eyes, like when the clouds cover the sun. I open them to see the man from before coming down to the ground with me. Looking up, I can’t see his face and all I see is darkness. But I feel so alone that I just need a hug. I wonder if he can help me find my mommy?

His hand grabs mine, and he pulls me up to my feet. I wipe my tears with my free arm before I look at him again. He doesn’t say anything, but I feel better already.

“Will you help me find my mommy?”

I think he’s nodding because his black cover on his head moves. We start walking and I swing our hands because I’m so happy he’s here. I don’t know what I would do if he didn’t show up.

I wake up and blink my eyes a few times and I’m back in my bedroom. Rubbing my eyes, I sit up and look around, but the man is gone. I must have been crying in my sleep because my pillow feels icky and my face is still a little wet.

Someone knocks on my door and I see Mommy’s face peek in. 

“Mommy!” I jump out of bed and give her a big hug. I thought I would never find her again!



I had a good time with Mommy today. We went to the park! I made a lot of friends and we played on the slide. It was so fun. The sun was shining and Mommy was smiling a lot. I asked her if we can have macaroni and cheese for lunch and she said yes. This is the best day ever! 

We were watching the Hunchback movie and I feel so bad for the boy. He deserved love, but everyone was so mean to him. The front door opens with a loud bang, making me jump. I turn to see Daddy walking funny on his way in. He smells funny again.

“Go upstairs baby, hurry.” I try to be a good girl and always listen to what my mommy and daddy tell me. I turn off the TV and grab my stuffy before I go upstairs to my room.

I can hear Mommy talking to Daddy on my way up. Mommy doesn’t sound happy. I don’t know what Daddy says to her because I make sure to close my bedroom door when I make it inside.

I don’t know how long I played in my room, but my head keeps dropping. It happens when I’m sleepy. Putting some of my toys in my closet, I grab my stuffy and climb into bed to sleep.

I just started to close my eyes when I hear my door open. First, I think it’s Mommy standing at the door, but it’s darker than usual outside my bedroom. It must be Daddy because he’s much bigger than Mommy. 

Daddy comes into my room. 

“Your mommy is mad at me, baby. Let me sleep next to you tonight. I need a break from her.” I don’t want them to fight anymore either. I let Daddy snuggle with me in my bed so he can feel better. He hugs me tight and tells me goodnight. My heart feels so full because he’s giving me attention. I like it when he gives me attention. We don’t play like we used to. Maybe things will be different now, now that I can be a good girl when he needs me.




Chapter 2

REESE - 11 years old


My parents are fighting again. I can hear the glass shattering against the wall downstairs. Mommy probably threw another one of our drinking cups at Daddy. He hasn’t come home smelling funny in a while, but today he did. I used to wonder what the smell was and why they always fought about it. Now I know. It’s the smell of alcohol and another woman.

Mommy and Daddy married young. Mommy was only sixteen, and Daddy was eighteen. They weren’t serious together, but once Grandpa found out Mommy was pregnant with me, he made Daddy marry her with a shotgun pointed behind him.

Despite the shaky start, Mommy told me they were in love. Or so she thought. When Daddy turned 21, he started getting into alcohol and drinking all the time. That’s when everything changed. The arguments became louder. Soon fists were being thrown around and now Mommy throws things at him. This last part only started happening when Daddy would come home smelling like another woman. Before that, Mommy didn’t fight back much.

Is it sad to say that I’m used to it all by now? After the first few times of Mommy fighting back and threatening to leave with me, Daddy took a turn for the better. He stopped drinking as much and he was home more. Mommy and Daddy made up and things were going good.

Until tonight. I’m tired of trying to find excuses for him. I don’t care what his reason is. I stopped listening to my mother’s cries about how she’s always loved him and how he doesn’t appreciate her loyalty. He shouldn’t have to be told. We’re always here, waiting for him to come home. Shouldn’t that tell him enough?

On days like this, I lock my doors in case Daddy feels like taking his anger out on me too. It never used to be this way. It used to be Daddy slapping Mommy once or twice, and he would leave the house to go drink again. A few times in the past, Daddy’s been trying to tuck me into bed, saying Mommy isn’t doing a good job at raising me by the way she’s treating him. He slaps me in the face if I talk back. I just wanted to tell him Mommy is doing a great job.

How does that make any sense? Sometimes Daddy says things I don’t understand. The first time he came to tuck me into bed, I was so excited to get his attention. I wanted to be a good girl for him. Maybe if I was a really good girl, things would get better, and he wouldn’t have to be so mad at Mommy anymore.

When he would kiss me on the forehead, my heart would feel so full, like what I’m doing is the right thing and everything will be okay. 

But sometimes, I don’t know if I’m making him happy enough. He hasn’t been back in my bed since that night until today.

Tonight he’s here in my room and I’m nervous I’m going to mess something up and make him not want to tuck me in anymore.

“Reese honey, I’m going to stay in bed with you tonight. Your mama needs a break and I don’t want to make her madder at me, does that make sense?” Daddy is already climbing into bed behind me. I don’t know how he’s going to fit because it’s a small bed. But if Daddy needs to cuddle to feel better, I can be a good girl for him. Sometimes cuddles make you feel better.

“That’s okay, Daddy, you can stay with me. I’ll scoot over and make room for you.”

“Thanks, honey. You know how to make Daddy happy.” I glow at his praise and scoot over to the far edge.

Daddy scoots close to me and gives me a hug with his arm around my tummy. It’s nice. Daddy doesn’t hug me as much as he used to when I was younger. He used to play with me and my dollies until he started coming home smelling funny. I’m so glad he’s giving me attention again.

I think I fall asleep because something wakes me up. It’s Daddy, he’s squirming behind me. Maybe he’s having a bad dream. Sometimes I have bad dreams, and it’s so scary waking up alone. My monster helps make me feel better, though. Sometimes it’s nice knowing that you’re not alone, even if it’s just someone squeezing your hand when you’re scared.

I figure Daddy is having a bad dream, so I squeeze the hand he has around my tummy in case it helps. Daddy pushes his body against my back and I feel something hard near my butt. I wonder what that is? He keeps doing it and I think I’m about to fall off my side of the bed so I hold his hand tighter. I hope he wakes up before I fall for real.

Daddy makes a weird sound before he wakes up.

“...Reese?...shit.” That’s a bad word. Should I tell Daddy? Mommy says we shouldn’t say bad words like that.

Daddy leaves my room before I can tell him. I hope I didn’t do anything wrong. Is he mad at me? I feel so sad. I probably did do something wrong.

I think it’s still dark outside, so I close my eyes and try to go back to sleep.

It’s hot in this room. I think I hear the sound of fire. It’s the same sound that comes out of our stove before mommy puts the pan on it. I don’t know where I am. I know it’s a dream because everything is clear and fuzzy at the same time.

What is this place? I hear someone scream and it makes me scared. It sounds like they’re really hurt. 

“Mommy?” I hear crying voices from somewhere else and I keep turning around to look, but I don’t see anyone. Where are these voices coming from?

“...I’m so scared.” I wonder if my monster will find me. I need him.

A cool breeze touches my face and I turn around to see if there’s a door that opened or something. But when I turn, all I see is a black cloak.

I squeal and give him a big hug. I knew my monster would show up! Now I don’t have to be alone and scared anymore. 

He puts his hands on my shoulders and gently pushes me away. I know he gets a little weird with my touching, but I can’t help it. I’m a touchy person. I love hugs!

“Did you come to find me?” I give him a big smile because it feels nice to know someone is looking for you, just like I was looking for him.

He holds my hand in his, and we walk down a dark hallway. The screams and cries are getting louder, so I walk closer to him, squeezing his hand. What is this place? It’s hot, but my monster’s body is really cool. It makes me squeeze even closer to him. When a scream comes from beside me really loud in my ear, I scream too and hug my monster.

That was so scary! I’m crying and shaking from what just happened, and I think I feel my monster put his hand on my back. I wipe my face on his cloak and hug him tighter. I don’t like this place at all.

“I want to wake up now.”

I’m tangled in my sheets when I wake up. I swear I can still feel my monster’s hand touching the back of my head. The sun is shining through my window. I wonder how long I was asleep?



Chapter 3

REESE - 12 years old


Dad slept in my bed again.

In my innocence, I told myself that he couldn’t control it because he was asleep. The few nights he’s slept in my bed brought the same thing, though. How can you have the same dream every night?

I never have the same nightmare more than twice, so that’s how I knew Daddy was pretending to be asleep so I would let him do that to me. I don’t understand what’s going on. I wish my monster was here with me because I’m getting a little scared. 

“Reese, shhh baby, shhh. You make Daddy feel so good. Just be a good girl for me.” I can’t say anything even if I wanted to because tonight he climbs on top of me and puts his hand over my mouth. I’m getting really scared. Where is my monster? I need him.

He smells funny again, but not like another woman. My eyes are watering and I’m so scared. Daddy feels too heavy, it’s hard to breathe. Every time I breathe in, all I smell is the alcohol on his breath.

Maybe if I close my eyes, he’ll be done soon. He’s rubbing his hardness against me and I just want him to get off of me. I don’t like the way it makes me feel. But what if he gets mad at me? I’m supposed to be a good girl. I always try to be a good girl.

When Daddy takes off my sleeping shorts, I try to scream, but I can’t because his hand pushes against my lips even harder. I don’t know what’s happening and my tears are blurring my eyes. Something hard is shoved inside of me and it really hurts, it feels like I’m being ripped in two. I scream and scream until I can’t anymore…



I don’t feel like talking.

Mama has been trying to get me to talk to her about what’s going on at school. I don’t know. I just don’t feel like being around people. The closer it comes to time to go home, I’m mad and I’m anxious. I don’t want to see Daddy and at the same time, I do.

Daddy’s attention makes me feel proud. But what he does to me in my bedroom makes me feel scared. I don’t understand why I feel that way at the same time. I don’t know what I’m supposed to do. I’m too scared to tell Mama. So I just stay quiet.

Daddy isn’t coming home smelling funny anymore. He comes home earlier these days too. I think me being a good girl is helping. I’m trying really hard. I’m doing it for Mama because I don’t want them to fight anymore. Ever since that night a few nights ago, Daddy and Mama don’t yell at each other anymore. Daddy’s a little happier. I’m glad I can make him happy. It’s what a good girl is supposed to do, right? So why do I feel this way? Why do I feel like I’m doing something wrong?

“May I be excused from the table, please?” I don’t know what Mama has been talking about, so I can’t answer the way she wants me to. I don’t want her to be mad at me, so I think it’s better I go to my room. I should catch up on my homework, anyway.

“...Sure, sweetheart.” She has a confused look on her face, but I don’t know what to say to make her understand. I don’t understand it myself.

I’m running up the stairs before my mama can stop me. She looked like she wanted to say more. But I just can’t right now. I don’t know what to say and I don’t want her to be worried.

Closing the door to my room, I let out a deep breath. I haven’t been sleeping well since Daddy’s been coming into my room.

Maybe I should take a quick nap before I start on my homework. That would probably clear my head and make me feel better.

Taking off my sneakers and pants, I straighten my shoes on the floor by my closet door so I know where they are in case I need them. You never know. I’ve been trying to clean up my room so I can always find what I need when I need it. My clothes are always folded or hung up. No more clothes on the closet floor. My old toys have been neatly tucked away in color-coordinated bins under my bed. My flashlight stays inside the drawer of my nightstand. 

Once the shoes are straightened and right, dirty clothes in the hamper, I slip under my sheets, hug my pillow to my head and close my eyes.

I’ve been here before. Everything is clear and everything is a little fuzzy. The screams and cries echo down the hallway. I’ve been here before, but not in this exact room. The room is bigger, but just as hot as the other one. There is a large chair on top of a stone slab. 

I walk around the chair to get a better look at it. It’s dark and grey, like everything else in this room. It kind of looks like it’s made of bones, but that can’t be right. Bones are whiter, I think? These are so dark grey. Even if bones get dirty, they don’t look like this, right?

I’m bending at the waist to get a better look without getting up on the stone slab when I feel someone come up behind me. My butt feels cold, so I know who it is. It’s my monster. He likes to sneak up behind me to scare me, but he doesn’t scare me. I’m glad he’s here.

I slowly straighten up, turn around, and tilt my head back to look at him. He still hasn’t talked to me since I first met him, but I’m getting used to it now. I don’t feel like talking today either. Letting out a deep breath, I take a step towards him and bury my face in his body. I’m glad he’s here. I needed a hug and I don’t know if I can ask for one from my mama. Things just aren’t the same anymore. I don’t know how I feel or how I’m supposed to feel.

My monster takes a while, but eventually, he brings one of his arms up to hug me back. At least that’s what I tell myself. For all I know, he’s trying to give me the hint that he’s had enough.

The thought makes me sad and confused all over again. The tears that come out of me confuse me even more. What are they for? Am I mad? Am I sad? Am I frustrated? Am I everything at the same time? My mind is probably melting down from all the confusion.

Pulling my head back, I look into his hood. I still can’t see anything, but my heart feels full and tight. What is this feeling? This is new. I’ve never felt this before. My heart is beating faster, but why? It feels like butterflies have taken flight in my stomach and it’s strange.

My monster shoves me off his body and turns to walk away from me. What did I do? Is he mad at me? Everyone is always upset with me.

“Wait! I’m sorry! I-I-I just need you.” My monster stops, but he doesn’t turn around. What do I do? I can’t lose him. What would I do without him? How do I find my way?

“You’re my monster...I missed you.” I’ve never spoken truer words, and the thought strikes me in the heart. Have I ever missed my mama or daddy as much as I missed my monster? It’s a strange thought.

He turns his head around to look at me, still not saying a word.

A few minutes later he raises his hand towards me and I wake up tangled in my sheets, blinking my eyes furiously, trying to understand how I got back in my room.


Chapter 4

REESE - 15 years old


The boys in school are a bunch of idiots. I can’t stand this place. Senior year needs to get here pronto. I try to stay as far away from them as I can because I’m tired of the taunts. I’m a late bloomer and all the other girls around me make me look even more like a boy. Not only is my chest still flat, but my hips also haven’t come in either.

Mama tells me that my time will come and that she was a late bloomer too. I try to let that thought comfort me, but it doesn’t help when the girls join in on the taunts.

I’m walking down one of the outside walkways that connect two of our buildings on my way to lunch break when it happens.

Something hard hits the back of my head with a wet sound. Tears are pricking my eyes and I’m trying hard to hold in my emotions right now because I did not just get a fucking tomato thrown at me. There’s still half a day of school to get through.

“Flat as a board and she takes a shot like one too. Dayum Reese. You sure you’re not a boy? Why don’t you join us on the football team and help us take some hits?” The guys around him are laughing it up like he’s fucking funny when he’s not.

I hurry to the closest restroom when I reach the next building as everyone around me is laughing at what happened. Once the door is shut behind me, I let my tears fall. Fuck this. Fuck all of them. It’s a good thing I wear black most of the time because that would suck if all the evidence was still visible for anyone to see when I walk to the rest of my classes. Not like the whole school doesn’t know by now. Gossip flies fast as a bitch around here because it’s a small town. Doesn’t help that I’m one of the favorite topics, especially because my dad has become known as the ‘town drunk’ a few years ago.

I have to tilt my head pretty far down into the small as hell sink to wash away the remnants of the tomato. There’s barely enough room, but I manage. Fuckers. All of them. Especially Cameron.

“Hey, Reese. What are you doing tonight?” How stupid does he think I am? I walk faster to my next class. This one is on the far end of campus in a whole different building. Whoever did my schedule has it out for me, I just know it.

“Fuck off, Cameron. I don’t have time for your stupidity today.” I need to dodge Cameron the next time I walk to class. Looking at how his long strides catch up with me quickly, I’m probably shit out of luck in that regard.

“Ouch. I’ve never been turned down like that before. Come on, Reese, you know it’s all fun and games. I’m serious right now, I want to take you out.” Right. He needs a damn Oscar for his skill in lying.

“Fuck you.”

He grabs my upper arm in his big hand and turns me around, caging me into the wall nearby. What the fuck?

“Come on, Reese. Just give me a chance. I’ll make it good for you.” I’m scared and I’m angry right now. Angry that I let this fucker get the upper hand. 

Instead of giving him a damn answer, I go to kick him, but he’s quicker. He dodges my leg, grabs both my hands and turns me around to slam my face against the wall. I see fucking stars and I’m still pissed. He’s got at least a hundred pounds on me, and I don’t know how to break a hold in this position. My tears are welling up in my eyes because I hate being a victim.

He moves both of my hands in one of his as he dry humps me from behind. The arm he has up against the wall hides what he’s doing to me. He chuckles into my ear and I just want to scream. I should, but I know for a damn fact no one is going to come and help because they never fucking do.

Cameron kisses the back of my neck and puts his dirty hand down the front of my pants, swiping his finger across my pussy and that’s when I cry. After laughing again, out loud this time, he shoves my head against the wall before leaving me falling to my knees there in a daze, breaking down on the inside at what just happened.

The memory makes my eyes burn because the previous night right before that incident was the first time Daddy taught me what ‘good girls are supposed to do’ on their knees. He was drunk and snuck into my room again. After ripping my innocence from me, these last few years have made me numb. I started wearing more black, first to cover the bruises daddy would leave on my body when he would get kind of rough, now because it’s just another thing I’ve gotten used to. The smell of whiskey on Daddy’s breath that night still burns my nose as he whispered ‘good girl’ into my ear once he was done with me.

I slam open the restroom door, causing it to crash against the wall and walk out as fast as I can. I hate feeling like a victim. It’s like I can’t come to school to escape, and I can’t go home to escape. There aren't too many places I can go to find any sort of peace or solitude, except for my dreams.

My monster has been acting weird too. I don’t know how to explain it. He used to let me cling to him, to hug him for comfort. Now he pushes me away, and it makes me mad. I hate being mad and helpless all the time. I finally came to understand what I felt that day I napped after I came home from school. It was the day my monster forced me awake. 

I like him, a lot. I’ve never felt this way for anyone before. 

One day during lunch while I was sitting alone at one of the metal grated tables, I heard some girls talking nearby. They were gossiping about hot guys until they started specifying the ones they were interested in. All the feelings they described having for their crushes sounded just like what I was feeling when I was around my monster. It’s kind of sad I have to resort to eavesdropping to understand things like this, but Mama is the only other example I have and my parent’s love for each other is not a normal one. If they even love each other at all.

“Every time Mason walks by, it gives me goosebumps. He’s so cute! I get butterflies in my stomach and my tongue feels tied in knots.” The girls are practically screeching and giggling under their breaths.

“Oh, my god! Me too! When Richard is near me, I just want to sigh and give him dreamy eyes. He’s so damn cute! This one time, I dropped my pencil, and he picked it up before I could. When he handed it to me, I swear his smile was just for me. I just wanted to grab him, squeeze him and rub myself all over him, he’s so hot!” Is that how I feel about my monster?

“Right? My heart feels like it just wants to explode out of my chest and rain confetti on him.” Okay, maybe these girls are not the greatest source of information. Dramatic much?

The girls continue to giggle and continue to compare feelings over the two boys. I sit and listen intently because isn’t that kind of how I feel when I’m with my monster? I love his hugs. I miss his hugs. My chest feels tight and my stomach feels funny everywhere inside when I look at him.

I’m not sure how I can make him see that what I feel is real. Heck, I still don’t even know his name. He never talks to me, but he’s always been there for me since I can remember. He’s much bigger than Daddy, and that thought made me squeeze my legs together while I sat and continued to listen to the girls near me that day.

But today, today is not my day. This tomato ordeal has put me in the shittiest of moods. When I finally make it to my class, I sit in the far back so no one can stare at the back of my head. Despite my long hair being wet, I braided it back so it wouldn’t be so obvious. It’s a good thing I have black hair; I don’t think you can tell too much of a difference from it being dry or wet from afar. I’m known as a loner in school, so sitting back here shouldn’t make the teacher question too much about it.

The day goes by in a blur, all the teachers sounding like the ones in that cartoon with the round headed kid and I’m glad for it. I’m doing okay in my classes and I’m not here to aim for high scores. I just want to survive and get out of this place.

I took a different route walking to the rest of my classes, weaving different directions, taking longer ways and was able to avoid Cameron. I was almost late a few times, but it was worth it.

When I get home, I see the sticky note on the fridge Mama left for me. She’s out grocery shopping, doing mom stuff. She’s been happier these days, and that makes me happy. But I’m not happy that it’s probably because Daddy has been spending more time with me at night teaching me how to ‘be a good girl’ for him.

I still haven’t told Mama anything about what’s going on. Every time I think to try, I remember the nights she would get into a fit of rage when Daddy came home smelling like another woman. I don’t want her to be mad at me. I don’t want to jinx the peace we have going on at home. The quicker I do what Daddy wants, the faster he leaves my room. The happier he is, the happier Mama is.

With the house to myself, I run upstairs to my room, close my door and take off my clothes. After rearranging my shoes on the floor and putting everything where it needs to be, I crawl under my sheets and creep my hands between my legs.

I only started discovering myself last year after Daddy left the room. I had fallen asleep and found my monster in my dreams. I hugged him before he could push me away first, and it felt so right to be with him again. I missed him terribly. He eventually pushed me away, but my heart had started racing before he did, making it tingle between my legs. I was caught by surprise and a deep feeling of want came over me. It made me sad when he put distance between us, but I could never look at him the same again. It was the first night I woke up, finding my fingers between my folds, finding myself wet. Now every time I think of him, my legs squeeze together.

I’m going to steal this moment to myself thinking about my monster. He’s so much bigger than Daddy, I wonder if he’s big all over. My fingers circle my nub over my pussy and I shiver. I wonder if he thinks of me the way I think of him? I’m not the same little girl anymore. Gosh, I’m so wet.

I’ve never stuck my fingers inside of myself before, I’ve only played with my nub or whatever it’s called. I wonder if it feels good? Sometimes what Daddy does to me makes me feel good, but then I would feel bad after. What if it’s like that? I don’t want it to feel bad when I’m thinking about my monster. I decide to just keep circling my fingers down there. I’m getting hot and my breathing is getting deeper. Just imagining my monster climb over my body, I feel close to the edge. I wonder what his kisses would feel like? I’ve never been kissed before. I don’t even know what his face looks like, and that makes me hotter. A few more circles and I whimper from the sensation overtaking me. My pussy feels like it’s trying to grip something that’s not there, and that thought makes me miss my monster.

Biting my bottom lip to stifle the sounds that want to escape, I come down from the orgasm and my eyes drift close, letting the darkness embrace me.

When my eyes open, I’m staring at a stone ceiling. It makes me think of a cave. The room is warm but not hot. Flames flickering are casting weird shadows on the ceiling, making it look like figures are dancing. I sit up and look around. I don’t recognize this room, which probably means I’ve never been here before. Am I on a bed? All the sheets are black and I’m still naked. I quickly grab the sheet to bring it up and cover myself.

Looking around the room again, I feel something cold down my spine and I immediately know who it is. I shiver because I was just masturbating to him. Does he know? Can he tell? I’m so embarrassed. 

Nothing is happening, but I know he hasn’t moved, so I turn around to look at him. His hood is back a little more today, giving me a peek at what’s behind it. His eyes are glowing, like the flames that flicker around us in shades of orange inside sconces attached to the walls. It looks like his nose is missing because I don’t see it peeking out. Why doesn’t it scare me? The mysterious air around him just makes me more curious, more attracted to him. It’s like all those books I read, they always describe it as tall, dark and handsome. He’s tall and dark. That he’s always been there for me through the crap in my life makes him attractive to me in more ways than one. I rub my legs together to chase away the feeling in my center. It doesn’t even feel like I just masturbated, in fact, it feels even worse. I’m still so needy.

I cast my eyes down at the bed so he doesn’t see what’s going on in my head. Am I blushing? My face feels hot. Is this what it means to have unrequited love? I want him so badly but he’s made no move to express that he feels the same. Does he find me a silly girl with a crush? It’s a devastating thought. Especially when my mind goes back to the taunts the boys were throwing at me about my body.

I’m lost in my thoughts when suddenly, my monster grabs my hand and brings it up to his face. Crap. My breath hitches. I think my fingers are still coated with my juices. How is this possible? Isn’t this dreamland? My face heats in embarrassment even more and my monster shifts his eyes towards mine. The flames behind them look like they’re getting bigger. What does this mean?

His tongue comes out, and he slowly licks my finger from the bottom to the very tip, making me gasp, and my heart beats faster. How can his tongue be so hot when his body always feels so cold? The thought of his tongue touching me in other places makes me squirm, scissoring my legs together. It’s so naughty.

I’m panting, I know it. My heart feels like it’s beating out of my chest. The next thing that happens steals my breath away.

“...Reese.” Did he just fucking say my name? Oh, my god. His voice, it’s so deep and raw. Like he hasn’t used it in a while. Just like all the romance books I read. It’s so masculine and melts under my skin, burying itself where I can hold it close to my heart. Why does it make me so hot? It’s just a voice, but I need to keep him talking to me because I’m about to melt where I’m sitting. Where am I sitting? Is this his bed? 

“...You never told me your name.” My eyes are glued to where his tongue was. His face is still hiding in the shadows a bit, but I can see that his face is sunken in. Where skin should be, it’s not… all there. My hands itch to touch it, anyway. This is my monster we’re talking about; I love everything about him. Did I just say that? Love? Is that what this feeling is? I know it’s much more than a simple crush. I’ve seen what the girls at my school consider a crush, and my feelings for my monster go so much deeper than that.

My monster tilts his head and stares at me. It’s a little unnerving, and I’m feeling self-conscious a bit. My face flames uncontrollably the longer he stares. Maybe the boys in my school are right, I look like a boy. Is that what my monster sees too? The thought douses the internal fire I had going, chilling me to the bone. I pull my hand out of his and wrap the sheet closer to my body to cover more of myself.

He still isn’t saying anything, and I feel like crawling inside myself to hide away from him. Closing my eyes to stop my tears from building, I almost miss his voice.

“...Beheraa.”

I snap my head up and look at him with wide eyes, blinking a few times. I didn’t think he would tell me. All these years of not speaking to me, why now?

“Beheraa?” He makes a low growl noise that picks up my heart rate again. Why is that so sexy? That’s a hard name to remember, but I like it. Beheraa. My big teddy bear that I’ve held onto through the years that keeps the darkness at bay. My heart swells with my love and appreciation for him.

I start to crawl towards him but he takes a step back. What? What did I do wrong? Am I that ugly? My once swelling heart deflates like a balloon in my chest with his rejection. The insults the boys throw at me from school start crashing into my mind, their taunts echoing in my ears pricking my eyes with tears. My head feels tight, my heart hurts with his reaction. Gosh, these thoughts make me mad so I turn back around and cover myself with the sheet entirely as I lay on my side. I don’t want to see the disgust on his face. It would break me.

Silently crying, I feel myself becoming tired. It’s been a damn long and exhausting day.




Chapter 5

REESE - 17 years old


Daddy has become more aggressive these past couple of years. He caught me masturbating one night and said he needed to ‘teach me a lesson’ because I should have come to him if I was horny. I didn’t know what to say to that. I want no more of his attention. He gives me enough of it every night.

The first time Daddy tied me up, I was so scared. He made me suck his cock until he said I was done. 

“Be a good girl and take my cock Reese, take it all the way in. Fuck.” I tried my best not to gag, I didn't want him to be mad at me. But he just kept shoving it deeper and deeper, making my jaw ache.

“Fuck yes, take it Reese, fuck. Goddamn it.” 

When something warm shot into my mouth, I couldn't do anything else but swallow because he was so deep in my throat it was going to go down, anyway. My tears welled up, but I kept my sobs at bay because I didn’t want Mama to wake up.

He told me I was a good girl and pet my head before he left my room. On nights like this, I cry myself to sleep. Who can I talk to? Who can I tell? Would they believe me? I highly doubt it. Mama might blame me for it. I hate to think that way, but I just can’t take the chance. I feel so trapped and cornered.

Daddy came back sometime later to untie me and all I did was roll over to fall back asleep to my tears wetting my pillow while the blood slowly returned to my fingertips. The feeling of needles pricking my skin helped to take my mind off my aching jaw and aching heart.

I wake up with the heat of flames at my back. I’m crying, I’m screaming, I can't take where life has brought me. Is this it? Is this what life has for me? I’m horny, I feel dirty, I don’t know what I’m supposed to do.

I cry out the loudest cry I can, screaming, “fucker!”

It renews me, being able to let it all out, but it also makes me feel like a dirty girl. Dammit, Daddy. “Fucker!”

Bear appears behind me. I know this because I can feel the chill at my back, cooling my rage a bit. Once I wipe my tears off my face with the back of my hand, I notice I’m back in his room on top of his black sheets.

I’m angry and I’m horny because Daddy never leaves me satisfied. He leaves when he’s done, ignoring me like I’m just a doll to be tossed away. Like I’m nothing. I’m nothing. Didn’t I do everything Daddy wanted me to do? Don’t I deserve something?

Turning around to face Bear, his hood is down, and there are flames behind his eyes. The longer I stare at him, the more I become starved for his touch.

The My Ruin song Terror comes into my head like a fucking mantra, the one I always listen to when life gets like this. It helps me get through the crap when I don’t have Bear near me. It makes me want to scream to the music. Yes, I know exactly who I am, I’m Daddy’s little whore. The inferno growing within me is like a quiet storm waiting to devour. I’m crying. I’m mad! I’m so confused and I feel so empty.

I stare into Bear’s flaming eyes and my heart wants to burst, my face gets hot with indignation. Why can’t he just love me? Don’t I deserve love too? Making up my mind, the feeling of determination takes over me like the force of a hurricane. I can scream like a banshee all I want, but it doesn’t do anything. It doesn’t get me what I want, and right now I want Bear. He’s always kept me at a distance, a fucking forbidden low hanging fruit in front of my face. Teasing my desires and snatching it away when I try to reach out. Not today. Not anymore.

I jump on Bear without a second thought, taking him down onto the bed with my body weight. I don’t care about anything I’ve been feeling before except for what I feel right fucking now.

His body is huge, and his eyes are flaming with heat. It’s such a contrast to his cold presence, and it entices me. I don’t even think about what he is, though in the back of my head I know exactly what he is. Is this what the world has brought me to? My unrequited love for a demon of death? I don’t care because I’m already dead inside from everything that’s happened to me. I don’t want to feel like this anymore. This aching hole in my chest wants to be filled.

If I go down in flames, I want to take him with me. We can burn together. He’s the only one I’ve ever wanted.

The song continues to blast through my head as I climb his body with slow precision so that I can reach his mouth. His body is solid, what little muscle, flesh and skin he has under the cloak grounds me, reminding me he’s very much real and here with me. The roughness of the fabric beneath my hands only increases the sensitivity of my skin as I unclasp it and let it fall open to my greedy perusal. 

I don’t have time to feel self-conscious about my body because I NEED him. I need him to destroy the memory of what Daddy leaves behind, from what my daddy makes me feel. I need Bear to erase it with something beautiful. Something I know only he can give, no one else.

His skeletal features only spur me on as my eyes trace the details of his face. The dancing flames in his eye sockets, his empty nostrils, and exposed teeth are staring at me as I widen my thighs to straddle him on his bed of cool black linens. I need him fucking now to restore me. I need to find myself again. I don’t even know who I am anymore.

Daddy has taken enough of me; I need something for myself …. And I’m claiming Bear for me. I hold Bear’s face between both of my hands; the coolness seeping into my skin and lean in to give him a kiss on his mouth, my first kiss. It should be with him because it’s always been him for me. Bear doesn’t respond, and that’s okay, I didn’t expect him to. I give him a fucking smile anyway when I pull back.

Crawling back down his body, I reach back with one of my hands and grab his cock. I didn’t get a chance to look at it, but I don’t care. It feels different from Daddy’s; the only other person I have to compare it to. The skin feels rougher, missing in places. I expected that because his body looks much the same. He has a few patches of skin that stretches over his skeletal body, some exposed muscles on his thighs. My hand doesn’t fully go around his cock and the thought makes me wet. I rub it with force, I’m vicious in my need and I need it hard for me; it doesn’t disappoint as it slowly but surely rises and hardens in my hand. Fuck what every boy says about my body, I need to feel good. I am not just a doll to be played with and tossed. Daddy is an asshole.

Once my stroking brings him full attention, I stick it right where it belongs. Inside me.

Damn does it feel good, much better than the way it feels when Daddy is inside of me. It stretches me to a fullness I haven’t felt in a long time. I’m so wet so there isn’t much resistance in his entrance but I’m whimpering because he’s so fucking big down there and I can’t take it all the way but I want to so badly.

I’m desperate for him to erase everything Daddy does to me. I know it’s wrong, and I know I’m supposed to be a good girl, but I just want something for myself. Bear has always been mine.

I start to ride Bear with abandon, like my life depends on it. So what if I look like a fool? It takes a while and different angles, but his cock finally slips into me to the hilt the longer I ride him and it feels so good to know we fit. I knew he was made for me. When I look at him I see the flames dancing behind his eyes growing. I can’t tell if he’s smiling or frowning because his face is in a permanent grimace of exposed teeth. It kind of makes me want to laugh, but his cock inside me is distracting.

The feeling between my legs starts like a slow tingle. I’m chasing my orgasm and getting wetter by the minute. I suddenly feel Bear’s rough skeletal hands on my hips and the contrast in temperature with what’s going on inside of me makes me shiver. It feels so damn good to see him respond to me, especially like this. He doesn’t have to say anything because his actions always spoke louder than words, I’ve grown to love that about him because it’s something I always expect. I’m riding him faster and faster, my knees bracing against what’s below me like a damn jockey racing to the fucking finish line. The tension in my muscles only adds to the tension inside of me.

I don’t want this feeling to end yet, so I continue to ride him harder, feeling my pussy pulsate around his girth. I want to make him feel good too. I lean down and bite his shoulder through part of his stupid cloak that still lays partially over him, the cloak that has always concealed him from me. The action feels symbolic; he can’t hide from me anymore because I see him and I still want him despite what I see. Feeling my body and skin slide against his makes my heart feel tight. I need to connect to Bear, my teddy bear who’s always been with me through the thick and thin. I want to bury all my frustrations and pain inside of his embraces, the hugs I’ve stolen from him over the years. My frustration with my mother, with my father, I let it all out as I continue to grind my pussy and clit on him. Bear is my sanctuary and I cry a little for the comfort he has given me through all the times I felt like I was dying inside. My orgasm takes me by surprise and it’s the fucking best one I’ve ever felt. Daddy never cares to give me any orgasms. It’s just been me and my hand. But grinding on Bear like this must be rubbing on my clit in the perfect angle and pressure. The euphoric emotion only lasts for a bit as my mind gets overrun with thoughts again.

Why am I a victim in all this? I hate feeling like a victim. Why must I sacrifice my innocence to make my parents happy? What’s in it for me? What do I get? I deserve Bear; he is fucking mine and I am just so angry about it all. He is the only one that belongs to me and I am going to make sure he fucking knows it.

I reach up and rip the rest of his cloak off his body before biting his shoulder again with full force. Even though it’s just mostly bone, he lets out a growl as I lick my bite mark. I lean into the side of his face where his ear should be, rubbing my nose against his face, just breathing him in, letting his coolness sink into my anger. His skull is smooth, and he smells of flames, like Mama’s natural gas stove. Breathing him in again, I stick out my tongue and lick him slowly before I tell him what I’ve been wanting to tell him for so long. I’m going to make him fucking understand.

“Bear, you are fucking mine. You’ve been in me and you’re fucking stuck with me. I need you so bad, I’m so fucking horny for you.” The heat of my breath against his face bounces his coolness back to me. The only response I get from him is his teeth grinding together, the sound loud in my ear with how close I am to him. It’s better than no response at all.

Bear doesn’t disappoint when he shoves his cock in me fast and hard, taking control from beneath me. His hands grip me so hard at the hips it hurts, pinches of pain, but it doesn’t stop it from feeling good. Soon I can hear him let out a guttural growl into the flesh of my shoulder, the flames behind his eyes glowing and flickering like the flames on the walls of this room lighting up the side of my face. His cum inside of me mixing with my wetness soothes me and I love it. Finally. Finally, I made him mine.




Chapter 6

REESE - 18 years old


The days go by pretty much the same. The kids at school are simple-minded assholes. Mama is blissfully happy and unaware playing housewife. Daddy is starting to explore more with my body now that I’ve blossomed and filled out. I thought the day would bring me joy. I’ve been waiting for it to happen for so long. Instead, all it brought me was more pain as daddy starts to ‘play’ more since I look like a woman now, so it must mean I can ‘take’ more. He’s been sticking things like toys and anything that resembles a long shaft inside my ass, and I hate it. But what can I do? I never knew what a butt plug was until Daddy told me about it.

I didn’t think I liked sex either until Bear.

I see the way Daddy’s been looking at me at home, even when Mama is in the same room. How can she be so blind? Sometimes there is a weird simmering tension when we’re all together in a room that I can’t put my finger on. It makes me angry because I don’t know whether it means Daddy will ‘punish me’ or not. Whatever is going on between those two, they better figure it out. I’m tired of being the ‘solution’ to their marital problems. Mama hasn’t said a thing or acted any differently towards me, so I don’t know if she knows.

As for Bear, he and I have a strange relationship. After our first time together, he hasn’t been around as much. My nights are dreamless. Is he avoiding me? When I did dream, I found myself in this bizarre place. There were flowers and a river. It was hot like it always is, but I couldn’t find Bear anywhere. It sounded like something was whispering in the wind, but I couldn’t make it out. I woke up pissed because that asshole better not have shunted me to another dream realm when he knows damn well I want to see him again.

I go down to the kitchen to eat some breakfast before school, as I usually do. I’m already in a shitty mood thinking about Bear avoiding me, crunching on my cereal, lost in thought. At least the milk is cold, so it simmers the inferno I feel inside me. Where the fuck are you, Bear? I don’t even realize I’m eating standing up until I feel a hand grab my ass. I turn around so quickly I almost spill the food out of my bowl. Daddy is giving me that grin again, the one that says he has something in store for me tonight. My shitty mood has now skyrocketed. I’m shoveling the rest of the cereal in my mouth as fast as I can so I can get away from Daddy. I don’t need this today. After putting my bowl in the sink, I turn and almost run into Mama on my way out of the kitchen. I mumble an apology as I continue to run up the stairs to get ready for school.

When I come back down the stairs, I don’t see anyone, so I rush out the door before it changes. Once I’m outside, I take a deep breath of fresh air of relief. Walking a mile isn’t so bad. I’ve done it plenty of times before. Mama finally stopped complaining about me walking to school alone after I turned seventeen. She compromised with me and asked me to carry a phone anytime I left the house. I agreed to her terms. Whatever gets me out of the house faster and away from Daddy.

I’m taking a shortcut through an alleyway when I hear footsteps behind me. My body tenses up and I run, my fight-or-flight kicking in. No one ever takes this shortcut but me, especially this time in the morning. The person behind me starts running too, and now my heart rate is going up for a different reason. I’m just about to jump and climb the chain-link fence that separates the alley in half when a body slams into me, making me bounce on the fence, trapping me before I can get my foot up in one of the links. It is a male behind me, judging from his size.

“Hey, Reese.” Fucking Cameron is breathing behind my head. I thought that shithead forgot about me as new freshmen started coming in. New freshmen, new targets. Why now? I’m not flat-chested anymore. What more can he torture me about?

His hot hands are roaming my body without my permission, and I’m getting fucking pissed. I kick back and land a hit on the thigh, but he just chuckles and rubs the front of his jeans against my ass even more.

“Get the fuck off me, Cameron. I told you no already. I haven’t changed my mind since. Get it through your thick head.”

He laughs, fucking laughs. “You think you’re too good for me, Reese? I’ve seen how you started filling out and it’s all the boys talk about. It makes me fucking mad because I saw you first. You’re just a stubborn bitch who can’t see who she belongs to.” What the fuck is wrong with this guy?

He grips the back of my head and hair with one of his hands, shooting pain into my scalp, and presses my face against the fence. Fuck, I hope someone walks by, but I’m not going to hold my breath. The area around this alley is usually deserted, which is why I chose it because it's a straight shot to walk through instead of walking around all the buildings to get to school. Stupid decision, Reese. Just plain stupid.

Cameron rips my pants and panties with one swoop down to my thighs, essentially locking both of my legs together closely. I can feel the air between my legs and I’m crying. All the nights with Daddy have taught me to never make a sound, and now I’m a fucking victim once again.

“No! Get off me, Cameron! Let me go!” Cameron slaps the exposed side of my face so hard I see stars. But it doesn’t stop me from hearing the jingle of his belt.

He shoves his cock into me so hard I’m screaming. I’m not wet enough and he doesn’t seem to care. It feels like his cock is pulling the skin of my pussy inwards with him with each thrust he pounds into me, giving me a low-key rash down there. He’s groaning into the back of my head and I’m crying. If I stay quiet, maybe he’ll be finished quickly. 

After about five more minutes of ramming his cock into me, Cameron takes his cock out and cums onto the ground next to my shoes. His hand is still gripping onto my hair and after he lets out his last groan, he finally lets go. I hear him zip and buckle his jeans back up, but I’m still in the same position, crying silently against the chain-link fence.

His footsteps get farther and farther, and when my sobs die down, I finally gather the strength to pull my pants up. Wiping my face with the back of my hand, I jump and climb the chain-link fence. Once my feet hit the ground on the other side, I run and run until my legs hurt. Anything to get the feeling of being tossed away out of me. I’m just a fucking rag doll for these guys. First Daddy, and now Cameron.

Fuckers!

I make it to school with my head down. I don’t feel like seeing the faces of everyone who hates me. Fuck them. Fuck them all.

I’m still walking along the grassy area in front of the school building when I notice something is off. The whispering starts low. At first, I think it’s about me, but my name is never mentioned. The only name I hear repeatedly is Cameron’s. What’s going on? I decide to lift my head up and look around me to see if I can figure out what’s happening around me. Everyone looks to be in a state of shock. Girls have their hands over their mouths, boys are whispering ‘fuck’. 

No one ever talks to me, of course. This is nothing new. I walk slower around the clusters of different groups to see if I can eavesdrop on someone’s conversation. My ears perk up when I hear someone say, “Did you hear what happened?”

I stop behind a random group of bodies clustered together, but my ears are concentrating on the conversation I heard.

“It just happened this morning on the way to school. His body was found on the ground in a pool of his own blood. It was a hit and run. Shit, it wasn’t even the usual route he takes to school either, that’s what I heard his mother say to the officers on scene. Fuck, what a freak accident Cameron found himself in.”

My heart stops for a moment. The fuck? I should be sad, right? I should. But I can’t help but feel like karma got his ass, and he deserved it. Does that make me a bad person? I mean, that is a horrible way to die, but he shouldn’t have been there. Fucker. My mind is left a little shaken as I go over the news again in my mind.

Shit.

The rest of the day goes by in gloomy melancholy. It feels like the entire school has a grey cloud over it. You can just feel it in the air.

It rains a little on my walk home, but I don’t mind it. It seemed the perfect ending to the day I’ve had. When I make it in the front door of the house, it’s oddly quiet. Daddy is probably still at work. Good. Walking over to the fridge, I see that Mama has gone to the grocery store again. The sticky note is already slightly peeling off the fridge door, which means she must have been gone a while.

I strip naked the moment I reach my room and hop in the shower. I need to wash away everything that’s happened to me today. Wash away the feeling of Cameron in me, wash away the feeling of finding out how his life ended shortly after he raped me.

The hot water sliding down my body eases the tension I’ve been holding in my shoulders. Once I’m done, I dry myself up and hop into a tank top and panties before I bury myself between my sheets. I’m so fucking tired. Tired of this shit that keeps happening. Am I just bad luck or something? Why me? Out of all the girls my age in this town, why me?

When my mind drifts off to sleep, I feel the rest of the tension I was holding in my body fully let go.



BEHERAA 

She seeks me again. I do not understand it. 

I heard her cries today. It was beyond me why I followed her that morning. She likes to take quiet streets on her way to school. A new change in her routine. I was about to leave her be when that boy from her school found her.

I care not for human matters. I watched on to see what he planned to do. When he cornered Reese, I felt something. I couldn’t decipher it. There was a tug I haven’t felt before. It felt vastly different from the tug of souls. Lighter.

When the boy ripped down her pants, the tug felt tighter, pulling at me more and more. I was angry at not understanding why I felt that way. Where is this tug leading me? It doesn’t pull me anywhere and I couldn't make myself leave. It was then I heard her cries. My chest burned unpleasantly. The call of souls has never burned me this way. It’s become second nature to me, like a soft caress. This burn makes me grit my teeth and grind down.

This call, it did something to me. I watched on. The boy spilled his seed onto the ground and the burn in my chest grew into a raging storm. What is this then? What possesses these creatures to perform as such? The flames in my eyes increased in intensity as I watched the boy leave the scene before me. Reese looked to be fine since she climbed the fence and continued on her way.

My curiosity got the better of me as I followed the boy’s exit. He was inside of Reese and the thought makes me want to take his soul. But it isn’t his time. I do not know what possesses me, but I pull the nearest soul to me instead of pulling his, which is a middle-aged man driving in the direction the boy is walking. When his ground vehicle swerves and slams into the boy, the feeling in my chest loosens its hold. I stop the tug and let the driver pull his soul back into his body.

The boy lays there, unmoving on the ground. Watching his blood pool beneath him, I feel myself smile.



Reese seeks me in her dreams. Our last encounter left me feeling strange. I have witnessed humans perform these deeds, but it is much different when one is involved. The feelings she pulls out of me make me suspicious.

What is her plan? Does she seek to overpower me? Does she seek to take the kingdom from beneath me? Are these what these human creatures call feminine wiles? A tactic to blind those who find themselves in these situations?

I need to find the truth once and for all. I do not have the patience to play human games. I do not know what it is about this human girl, why I find myself in her presence frequently without the desire to pull her soul. I should just reap her essence and end her miserable life.

But I can’t.

I initially thought it was my curiosity at what fate had in store for her. How do these creatures survive for so long when tragedy and disappointment become their constant companion?

Reese is one that continues to have a soul that refuses to dim despite what the world has thrown her way. Is this what keeps me near her? We are both betrothed to chaos and destruction, to disappointment and death. Bah, what am I saying? She is but a mere human female, after all.

Yet, she is in my chambers again. The sight of her on my sheets reminds me of our last encounter and my cock heats up. What is it about this girl that makes me react so? I do not like it.

“Reese.” She sits up and turns to look at me. Watching her facial expression soften into something, my mind tells me the world is better off without that human boy from earlier.

“It’s about fucking time. Why are you avoiding me?” What is this fire in her? I have not seen this before. Why does my chest feel this way? Does she challenge me?

“Why do you continue to seek me? What is your plan, human? Do you expect me to fall prey to your human wiles? I am one who pulls souls from creatures such as you.”

The fire behind her eyes grows brighter and my cock grows firmer. What is this then? Is this her power?

I growl as I take a step towards her. She will not make me a fool, using her beauty on me.

“I am no fool, Reese. You will not succeed in whatever plan you have.”

“What the actual fuck, Bear? You avoid me for fucking weeks and the moment you see me; you say this kind of shit to me? Fuck. You.” She bares her flat teeth at me as if in a challenge.

The fire inside her lights a fire inside of me. Why do I enjoy it and why do I hate it?

“It seems, dear Reese, it was you who fucked me the last time we found ourselves in my chambers.” Ah, her fire is even brighter now. How fascinating.

A pillow hits me in the chest. What is this? Does she dare? The fire in her eyes says that she more than dares. She challenges me! I do not like feeling this way. 

I grab her arms before she can find other things to throw at me. It is a good thing my demons are not around to watch my humiliation. 

She is kicking me like a she-demon and it makes me feel something else. I have seen her body change over the years, but this is the first time I find myself curious about her changes. Her body is so small against mine; it makes me feel like dominating her into submission. For what purpose? Who is this human to me?

“Fuck you, Bear! You’re an asshole!” Being this close to her, I can feel her soul positively glowing through her flesh. The fire in her, a slow growing inferno that is captivating to behold.

“What do you seek, Reese? What nefarious plans do you have swimming in that head of yours?”

She bares her teeth at me again before she leans in to bite my neck. My cock jumps in surprise and I find myself grinding against her soft body to relieve the pressure building up down there.

“Fucking get off me, you asshole. You think I’m here for some fucking nefarious reason?” She’s squirming and kicking with all her might. It does something to me, I cannot name it.

“Cease!” 

“Over my dead body.” Why does that statement make me mad? The burn inside my chest is overwhelming and the need to kill rises. The centuries spent in the human plane, pulling at souls, have made me numb. This little she-demon under me makes me feel conflicting emotions I’ve never had before, and I do not like it one bit. She needs to be subdued before she does any more damage to my sanity.

I bite down on her shoulder as she has done to me. She takes in a breath before her warm legs wrap around me, pulling me closer against her. What is happening? Why does she behave so? This confusing creature. My thoughts scatter when the heat between her legs grinds against my aching cock. 

I do not know what drives me as I rip off her coverings. They are in my way. 

“Bear, I’m so horny. I’ve missed you.” Her breaths gently sliding against my skin burn a trail everywhere it touches, branding itself in the depths of my mind.

The moment she is naked under me, my cock slides into her wet heat and my mind gets into a haze. I hunger, I want. I need to own her the way she claims to have owned me. How dare she? To dare speak such a way to one such as I.

The violent blaze inside of me only grows the harder I pound into her waiting wet flesh. What does she do to me? How does she make me lose control? Why can I not remove myself from her completely? Is this her power, then? Does she bind me to her when we copulate?

When her little hands scratch down my back, my eyes come alight with hellfire. The glow of her soul is enticing and I want to pull it from her. To have it in my keeping for all eternity. But then I would not be able to feel her and connect our bodies as I do now. Decisions, decisions.

Tension shoots down my spine as I growl into my last thrust before I spill my essence inside her. What has she done to me? How did I lose control of the situation again? I’m angry. She uses her wiles to confuse me!

Removing myself from her, I turn to walk out of my bed chambers. I need to get away from this creature. I care not what she chooses to do. She can get herself lost in my realm for all I care, but she will not find me. This human will not have the upper hand again.

“What the fuck?! Don’t you walk away from me Bear!” I do not heed the threat in her voice as I continue down the hallways towards the unrestful souls I have reaped this eve.


Chapter 7

REESE


The asshole just left me. He fucked me and left me. My eyes are hot as they well up with tears because I hate feeling this way. I hate feeling like a damn rag doll to be used and tossed. It’s all that ever seems to happen to me. Why? What is it about me?

I pathetically cry myself to exhaustion on his stupid black sheets. He didn’t even come back to check up on me. They’re all the same. Fucking Bear. He was supposed to be different.

I wake up to find myself in my room. Good riddance. If I see Bear again, I’m going to fucking kill him. Grim reaper or not, he has no right to just walk away from what we have together. All the years we’ve been together. Fuck him!

I look over at the clock on my nightstand and it tells me I’ve only been napping for a couple of hours. Ugh. Rubbing my eyes, I get out of bed to make my way towards the restroom in the hallway. 

I run into a hard body and hands grab me before I can fall on my ass. Blinking a few times, I see that it’s Daddy. He’s home early.

He’s leering at my body and I don’t know what I’m supposed to do. Daddy usually does his dark deeds in my bedroom at night, not in broad daylight.

“You’ve grown into your body real well, baby girl. I can’t wait to stick my dick into you tonight.” Before I can even think to say anything, a scream comes from behind him.

“I fucking knew it! You whore! You’re the one he’s been seeing behind my back. Is this what you two do when I’m not around? Is that why you’re walking around in panties? Reese! My own fucking daughter. How could you!?” My voice is stuck in my throat because I knew the day would come when she would catch us. But she’s making it out like it’s my fault in all this. What the hell?

“Shut it, Oliva. I still stick it in you too, so you have no say in all this. Aren’t you fucking happy? Haven’t I stopped drinking to come home to you?” Daddy is good at one thing, and that is leaving you confused at who the victim is. Manipulation at its best.

“Are you fucking kidding me right now, James? How long have you two been doing this behind my back? You know what? Fuck this. Fuck both of you! You are a bunch of sick fucks that deserve each other!” She sneers at me with a look of betrayal and hurt. My heart hurts for her, but at the same time, I’m pissed because she’s throwing me under the bus. Aren’t mothers supposed to back their kids up? Who is this person before me? This is not the loving mother I grew up with.

She shoves Daddy aside and spits in my face before she turns and goes down the stairs in a hurry. I’m in shock. First Bear turns his back on me, and now my mother. I run to the restroom and lock the door before I break down on the floor and cry into my arms. Tears for the girl I was, tears for the innocence stolen from me, tears for my mother’s betrayal.

I can hear my parents arguing somewhere in the house. She’s throwing things again. I don’t know how much time goes by when I finally hear the front door slam close.

I get up slowly and get in the shower to wash everything off me. Wash all the feelings that I’ve cycled through from what’s happened. How did I get caught up in this mess of a life? I never asked for any of this. 

The restroom door opens and suddenly Daddy is in the shower with me. I don't even get to ask him what he’s doing when he turns me around aggressively and shoves his cock in me. Fuck me, how do I find myself in these situations? I’m always being thrown around and shit. Daddy’s hands are grabbing my breasts roughly and it hurts. I feel numb. I’m losing all sense of caring as Daddy plows into me like I owe him for the fit mama gave him. When he’s done, Daddy just leaves me in the shower without a word.



Mama never came back. She up and abandoned me here in this hell I call home for about six months now. I graduated high school, so that’s one less hellhole I have to face at least. Daddy started drinking again. Seems our time together doesn’t make him happy anymore. He wanted his cake and to eat it too. Now he just has me. Sorry, your harem didn’t work out for you Daddy. Sorry, not sorry.

I never saw Bear again, though I’ve tried. I don’t know how it all works, but I barely even dream. My nights are full of fitful sleep with nightmares of my father coming into my room. Then when I wake up and the nightmare comes true. During these times I bury my mind inside myself, feeling numb, feeling like life isn’t worth it anymore. Bear is nowhere to be found to drag me out of the darkness, this void I’ve found myself trapped in. That’s the part that hurts the most. I needed him and he wasn’t there. These personal demons in my head make me feel numb. The voices are mine and they tell me I should just end the misery. When I feel anything at all, it’s only anger and remorse. I hate it, so I turn it off whenever I can. The more Daddy comes into my bedroom, the more numb and lost I get.

I convinced Daddy to let me find a job. I need something more than just this house of horrors. He agreed to let me work part-time at our local coffee shop. The only problem with that is, Daddy is a jealous and possessive bastard. Any time he hears someone flirting with me, he punishes me when I get home.

Sometimes it’s with a belt as a whip, and other times it’s with fists. No matter how angry he gets, he always ends up fucking me until he’s done. I’ve become numb to it all. I used to scream; I used to cry. It only drove his anger higher because he thinks I’m crying out of guilt. When I stopped crying, he would whip me for shorter periods of time and fucks me longer instead. I never win, no matter what I do, so I just leave my mind when he’s at it. My mind goes back to that one dream I had in the flower field. I never did hear what the whispers on the breeze said.

When I’m too far gone, Daddy sometimes slaps my face to bring me back. Then he would stick his dick in my mouth so I can ‘clean up the mess I made’.

One day Daddy, you’re going to have to clean up the mess you made.

One day, Daddy brought someone home for the first time, someone I do not recognize. I hear them talking downstairs about losing some sort of poker bet.

The man is older than Daddy and he smells like he just bathed in a tub full of whiskey.

Tonight, Daddy has his way with me, but he does something different. He caresses my face and stares into my eyes before he tells me to be a ‘good girl’ for his friend. What? You can’t be serious.

I don’t understand what’s going on, but about ten minutes after Daddy leaves, the man from downstairs comes up to my room.

I’m scared, I don’t know this man. He’s wider than Daddy and it makes me feel more vulnerable. The man doesn’t say much, but he smiles a scary smile and turns me over onto my stomach. I remember what Daddy tells me about being quiet, and I try to stifle my screams and fear.

The man takes his fingers and rubs Daddy’s cum into my butt, then sticks his dick in me without so much a word and I feel like I’m being torn in two. I’m caught by surprise and it’s a good thing my pillow is already stifling my screams because I don’t think I can keep quiet with what’s happening. He only pushes into my butt for about five minutes before he lets out a really nasty groan, calling me a “whore girl” and cums into me. When his dick dies down and slips out of me, he turns me around and tells me to make him hard again.

I don’t know what he means, and he slaps me in the face, making me tear up. I cry out for Daddy, but he never answers my cries no matter how many times I say it. I tell myself that the faster I do what the man says, the faster he leaves. He shoves his soft dick into my mouth and I try my best to suck until he’s hard again, even though I want to gag and throw up all over it.

I don’t know how he can get so hard so fast, but he does. Soon enough he’s grabbing the back of my head in his hands, making my scalp hurt as he continues to shove his hard dick into my mouth, making my saliva run down my chin.

When he cums, I just close my eyes and swallow because I just want it to be over. But this man, he’s not like Daddy, he wants to rub his dick all over my face with his cum when he’s done.

“Fuck yes, you little whore, take it. Rub it all over your face and let me know who you belong to.” His words slur and I’m not sure if I’m hearing him right, but I don’t want to say anything to make him hurt me anymore than he already has.

When he’s done, he looks at me a long while before he says something about he wishes he could pee on my face before he exits the room. His words are slurring again. What is wrong with this guy?

Once he’s gone, I make myself throw up and I wash up as best as I can and go back to my room to cry.

What seems about five minutes after lying down, I hear the front door slam and Daddy’s footsteps come toward my room. When will this nightmare end? Isn’t one time enough?

Daddy climbs into my bed and pets my hair, telling me what a ‘good girl’ I’ve been and starts rocking his hard cock against me. If I’m such a good girl, why doesn’t this stuff stop? Why does it just keep going like a damn nightmare I can’t seem to wake up from?

Silently crying into my pillow, I feel Daddy’s hard cock slide in and out of me until I hear him groan in release.

“You’re such a good girl. Fuck, I can’t stand this shit. I would have never let him touch you if I didn’t lose that stupid poker game. I was so sure I was going to win. But baby, you’re mine and I ain’t going to share you no more. Fuck, this pussy is so tight. This pussy belongs to me and only me.” It’s the last thing I hear when Daddy wraps his hand around my neck and plows into me like he hates me despite him telling me he loves me.

At least Daddy keeps some of his promises. No one else ever came to the house after that. No one visits my room but Daddy.

Chapter 8

REESE


One day at work, I heard some customers talking about purchasing a firearm. It sparked my interest. After a few innocent questions, I learn I can get a shotgun, but a handgun requires me to be the age of twenty-one.

I file the information away as I try to calculate how long it would take for me to save up enough money.

When I got home, Daddy tells me he heard I was flirting with some customers at work. I figured he had some sort of spy on me. I expected it. The information I gathered today is worth any punishment Daddy has in store for me.

The sparkle in his eye told me I was in for something extra today. Fists and belts are his usual go to, but today he wanted to introduce me to the knife. It took him a few hours, but when he finally got his anger out and came in me, all I could do was internally let out a sigh of relief. Daddy never hits me in the face where the bruising would be too obvious. I’m glad about that because it would suck if I couldn’t see straight at work. I’m sure he doesn’t want any of the customers or co-workers sniffing around from exposed bruising on my skin. He knows I wear long sleeves, so the rest of my body is a free-for-all.

After cleaning up the blood from my wounds and making Daddy dinner, I walk upstairs to my room to rest. The old scars on my back helped to dull the pain from my new knife wounds.

I wake up to a field of flowers. This place again. It only pisses me off. Something new happens though. A breeze comes through and it sounds like a child’s voice.

“Who else is here? Have you seen Bear?”

“Bear?” The voice makes me jump because it’s coming from right behind my head. Shit. 

Quickly turning around, I see a little baby with tiny white wings floating. What the hell? This shit can’t be real. This thing looks like those little baby cherubs you see in books.

“Yeah, Bear. He likes to wear dark cloaks. Likes the taste of souls I hear.” I don’t care who the hell this baby is. I need to find Bear.

The baby’s laugh is hideous, almost cackling. I thought baby laughs were supposed to be cute? Something else happens. I know this is dreamland and all, but I swear I see the thing flickering. Every time it does, the bright peach skin looks blue-black with swirl patterns. Sometimes I think I see bat wings and not little cute fluffy white feathered ones. What the hell is happening here?

I’m pissed because Bear better not be playing games right now. My hand shoots out and I grab the baby demon, or whatever it is, by the neck. I’m not feeling friendly right now. The moment the thing starts choking is the moment its facade of cuteness disappears. Just as I thought.

The thing in front of me is entirely blue-black like I assumed, with scars that form patterns all over its skin. Its little bat wings are fluttering haphazardly as I shake him in frustration. I’m just going to assume it’s a him. I mean, he’s still a little cute with little horns protruding out of his big ass baby head. His little tail is wrapping around my wrist, but there isn’t enough strength in it to do much besides that.

I bring him to my face and ask my question again.

“Where is Bear?” Has the shit life thrown at me tainted me? Probably. I really don’t give a fuck anymore. I just don't want to wake up to my living nightmare before I even figure out what’s going on between the love of my life and myself. Yeah, I want to fucking kill him, but I know I still love him too, despite him breaking my heart. Fucker. What does he do to me?

I think the baby demon is squeaking something, but I must be choking him too hard, so give him one last good shake and sneer before throwing him to the flowery ground. The flowers around him wilt and soon enough the entire field of flowers we’re standing in turns into a barren wasteland. Instead of flowers, it’s sporadic splotches of dead grass. I fucking knew it.

After a few coughs, the baby demon looks up at me with the ugliest expression. His smile. His teeth look like human teeth, but they’re all pointed at the ends.

“The only Bear I can think you’re speaking of is Master Beheraa. Master doesn’t want to see you, but he sent me to check up on you.” He’s smiling that hideous smile of his again, fucking shark teeth and all. I should be scared, but all I am is pissed again.

I scream out to the sky because I just know he’s spying on me. What is up with these men and spying on me?

“Fuck you, Bear! Man up and face me yourself! Don’t be sending me into fake flowery dreams with stupid cupid looking creatures. I don’t need flowers, I fucking need YOU! How could you leave me?! After all we’ve been through together!” I’m screaming to the sky like a damn lunatic. Gah! This man makes me so frustrated! Is this his cheating version of the silent treatment? Fucking juvenile bastard!

The baby demon is cackling again and I’m still high on my anger with Bear that I pounce on him to try and choke him with my frustrations again. The moment I land on him is the moment I wake up tangled in my sheets. FUCK!

I turn my face into my pillow and scream.



Chapter 9

BEHERAA 


I’m watching Amoora from afar with Reese. I never knew she ended up in this barren wasteland when she wasn’t inside my kingdom. Strangely enough, there always seems to be a field of flowers when she’s here. How anything thinks to grow in this realm is beyond me. But I care not for the insignificant details. What I care about is the fire in Reese’s soul when she grabs Amoora with her little hands.

It should not excite me so. My cock twitches at her demeanors. I should have never devoured that hedonistic demon. I caught him pleasuring one of the tortured souls instead of tormenting. He was a waste of space and so I destroyed him. Now I am burdened and cursed with this phallus that seems to have a mind of its own, especially around Reese. I never used to have these trifling problems, but now I cannot get rid of them. Blasted demon. I should have destroyed him another way. This is what happens when one allows lesser demons to run amuck while I’m out reaping.

Speaking of little demons, my mind brings back a memory of Reese whilst she found herself in my realm again some time past.

Why is she looking at me like this? Reese’s hand slowly climbs my upper limb as we sit on the boulder that separates some of the cavernous hallways in my domain. I have brought her to the farthest caverns to keep her away from the heart of the torturous screams that seem to affect her. I also brought her out to the farthest caverns to keep her from stumbling into trouble if she decides to start roaming the kingdom. 

My mind cannot wrap around why this tiny human continues to seek me, to touch me. What is it about touch that draws her? 

Why does it feel different this time? What is going on in that little mind of hers?

She has always been attracted to my person like an unseen magnetic force. Is it the lure to death that calls to her soul? During her younger phases, her attraction led to holding my hand and to wrapping her little arms around my body in an attempt to seek comfort. Foolish little human. If only she knew there are no comforts to be found in this realm.

But what is different about now? What has changed? I do not know how I feel about this and I also despise not knowing. It makes me uneasy. I feel my defenses climbing and the need to exact destruction and death stir within me. I slap her little hand off me and walk away from her, knowing fully well she will always follow where I lead.

Watching Reese now, I can’t take my eyes off her. She is different than when I last saw her. Something has changed. I have yet to understand it, but the change excites me. My thoughts sour and go back to my suspicions. This is why I have stayed away from her. How does she elicit these feelings in me? There must be a catch. She’s wanting to get me off guard. I’ve been reaping more souls to get her out of my mind. I find myself increasing the numbers the angrier I get. It makes no difference to me whether it is their time or not. When I realize what is happening, I get even angrier thinking that this was her plan all along.

Oh, but her fury at Amoora is a thing of beauty. I find that I have been reaping souls specifically from women who look just like her. Does that make me a bastard? Humans would say so, but what do I care of human opinions? I am Beheraa. If I do not reap souls, then who will? The realm of humans would be overrun with unrested and vindictive spirits who will torture the living. I’d rather torture them instead. Or at least find lesser demons who correctly perform their duties.

When it looks like Reese is about to devour Amoora, I push her spirit out of the realm. I probably should have let her stay. Amoora is a failure at being a messenger. She is barely good at being a demon, which is precisely why I sent her on this simple mission. How can a human see so easily through her disguise? Oh, I enjoyed it very much when Reese kept referring to Amoora as a male. This human does things to me. She entertains me.



REESE

The day goes by like every other day. Make coffee at work, smile at all the customers. Walk home and dread what awaits me. Daddy probably thinks all my smiling is flirting, so he’s going to punish me. I’ve gotten so used to it that my skin is probably just as numb as my feelings. How much harder can he whip me or cut me until it feels like the first time all over again?

Once I enter the front door, I immediately feel like something is different about today, but I just can’t put my finger on it. What is this? This feeling of dread is different than the one I get when I know Daddy is going to blow a gasket.

I had put food in the crockpot before heading to work today, so the house smells delicious. You can smell it all the way upstairs to my bedroom. After getting out of my work clothes, I go around to gather all the dirty laundry to start a load in the washing machine.

I hear the front door slam open and I brace myself for whatever Daddy is going to spew at me. Nothing happens, so I continue putting dirty clothes in the machine until I’m done. Starting the load cycle, I place the laundry basket against my hip and walk out of the laundry room that’s attached to the kitchen.

When I enter the kitchen, the sight before me stops me in my tracks.

Mama is standing a yard away from me with a handgun pointed right at my face. What the everloving fuck? She doesn’t come back to take me with her but instead; she comes to take revenge on me? What a fucking bitch!

You know what? Good. Let her fucking do it. I’m tired of all this shit anyway. I’ve done my time.

“Do it.” I dare her. This ain’t a fucking bluff.

She didn’t expect that response from me because her eyes widen a fraction before she sneers in my direction, spitting on the floor. What is up with this woman and spitting?

“You fucking bitch! You stole my man from me right under my nose. How could you? He’s the only man I ever loved! After all we’ve been through, after all you’ve seen me go through?!” Is she for fucking real right now? She is out of her damn mind. Since I have her blood in me, am I going to go out of my damn mind too? Might as well end the cycle now, Mama, before we both end up in straight jackets.

She has the gun in both of her hands now, but her hands are starting to shake. Hopefully, she gets me between the eyes. That would be the best way to go. Quick and simple. Less suffering.

Of fucking course, even my death can’t be simple. Daddy comes home at this exact moment and tackles Mama onto the floor. I’m still standing here with a laundry basket against my hip, of all things, looking lost in the sauce. Universe, are you for fucking real right now?

I watch with morbid fascination as they both wrestle each other on the floor. Daddy gets the upper hand with his strength and grabs her wrist. The gun flies out of Mama’s hand and skids to about a foot away from me. My heart starts to race with the possibilities as I drop the laundry basket to the floor. What do I do? Do I end it all? Do I end my misery? What if the shot doesn’t kill me? Will Daddy still fuck my body until his anger goes away? What if, what if, what if?

My mind is racing with the gory images to accompany those possibilities when something whispers in my ear and I have to admit it sounds like a sound plan.

My parents are still wrestling on the ground; I can hear Daddy throwing fists into Mama’s face as he straddles her body. It doesn’t matter anymore. She lost my loyalty when she opened her damn mouth. Everything seems to happen in slow motion. The bodies before me blur in exaggerated movements as I slowly lower myself to the ground and take hold of the gun. It looks like a .38 snub nose revolver from my previous research. Perfect for my little hands.

The voice whispers in my ear again. It would be so easy. Just do it.

Bringing myself back into standing, I weigh the gun in my hand. How something so small can do something so destructive is amazing. I straighten my right arm out, holding the gun with steady ease.

“I love you, Daddy.”

Daddy is on top of Mama, throwing one last punch and leaving her in a daze. Her head is lolling side to side, but I can tell she’s still alive.

Daddy has a determined look on his face. I watch as he stands up slowly, treating me like a wounded animal about ready to attack. I am. I am beyond wounded. I feel absolutely feral. I give him my best smile and he flinches. It probably didn’t come out as sweet as I thought it would.

Why does everyone always put both their hands up and palms out? What does that really achieve?

“Reese, baby. You know Daddy loves you. Haven’t I shown you that?” It’s the sweetest I’ve heard his voice in a while. He hasn’t used that voice on me since I was still in the age of single digits.

He jumps at me, taking me down. The back of my head slams against the ground and I’m pissed as well as a little dizzy. Gritting my teeth with determination, my hand is still tightly holding the gun in my hand. We’re rolling and wrestling, but I manage to get my knee in his groin, stunning him for a minute.

Bang. Bang.

His body goes a little slack right before he looks at me with a look of horror and betrayal. I betrayed him? Give me a damn break. I push his body off me and he falls to the side. There’s blood blooming on his chest, and there’s blood splattered all over me. 

Daddy is laying on his back, looking at me with tears in his eyes. Blood is starting to trickle from the side of his mouth, and I can’t help but think that crimson is such a beautiful color.

Daddy opens and closes his mouth a few times before he whispers in his last breath, “I love you, baby.”

My eyes are filling with tears and I fucking hate it. “I know you do. I love you too, Daddy.” 

Raising the gun in my hand again, I point it right at his face. At least I know how to show some mercy. 

Bang. Bang.

The warmth of the blood splatters on my face quickly cool while the smell of smoke from the barrel dissipates. I’m still smiling as Mama comes back into awareness. She turns to her side, sees Daddy lying there and screams. She doesn’t scream from what just happened, no. She screams, “James! NOOO! James! I love you!”

The tears in my eyes start to fall at that moment. Even to the very end, she only sees me as competition. Whatever higher power or fates that shuffled this shitty deck of cards in life have definitely stacked it against me. How can so many things go wrong in my life? What did I ever do to deserve all this?

I drop the gun to the carpeted ground with a thump and cover my face as I sob.

A breeze moves my hair to the side as I hear choking noises come from before me. When I pick up my head, I see my mother choking on something invisible because she was just fine before. Her hands are scratching her neck until it bleeds, and it looks like blood is coming out of her eyes, like tears.

For some reason, the sight before me soothes my heartache. Is that what I look like on the inside? Because it’s what it feels like most days. When her body falls to the ground, it quickly takes on a grey pallor. 

I’m standing where our kitchen meets our living room, staring at everything before me. I feel numb, but I also feel like a weight has been lifted off my shoulders. A cool gust of wind blows into the house. Looking up, I noticed Daddy forgot to lock the door. Of all the things to be thinking about, why that? Why does the front door now feel like the doorway to freedom that used to feel so out of reach? The clouds outside move ever so slowly as I continue to stare.

The sound of sirens brings me back to myself and the present as I hear male voices come through our front door. The blue and red lights look fuzzy as my eyes begin to tear up again.



Chapter 10

BEHERAA


I tasked another sprite with Amoora to watch over Reese. Why I continue to do so is beyond me. I can’t seem to shake this creature out of my mind. It not only angers me but annoys me to no end. What is this? What does she have over me that makes me like this?

I continue to blame that damn hedonistic demon for this curse. I never used to care or have this much stupid human emotion course through me to affect me so. This blasted phallus between my legs is out of control. The only control I have is when I am away from the female, yet my mind betrays me and drives me to send sprites after her. What is becoming of me? Is it humiliation she wishes upon me? Because I feel damn humiliated with how I am acting in regards to her.

Araaz is no more intelligent than Amoora, but the two together should work fine. I’ve only started pacing my throne room when I feel the pull.

I find myself in Reese’s home. The fates will not allow me to avoid her, it seems. I watch as Reese pulls the trigger and her father slumps to the ground. Her face is devoid of emotion and I can’t stop staring at her as I start to pull on her father’s soul. She raises her hand and pulls the trigger again. What is it about this one? Why does she grow on me? She is changing again.

The pathetic human she has for a mother says something that makes Reese’s face morph into a look that constricts my chest. Why does it feel like something is devouring me from the inside? I turn to look at the human on the ground, sprawled over a dead body. A sense of irrational anger takes over me and I grab her by the throat. She cannot see me but she can feel me as she tries to scratch my hand off, only succeeding in scratching her own flesh. Good. She needs to suffer.

When her soul is finally ripped out of her, I turn to see Reese’s facial features smooth out. Why do I feel a sense of pride? These confounding human emotions will destroy me one day. I leave this realm and give no further instructions to my sprites I leave behind. 



I’ve reaped 20 souls in this damn city upon my arrival. These humans and their petty squabbles. Bloodshed and casualties spread like diseases. History likes to repeat itself. My demons are excited to play with some of our new visitors, while the innocents were guided to another realm. I haven’t heard from Araaz or Amoora. Time moves differently in the realm of the dead. The days and nights are the same in my kingdom. The lullaby of cries and tortured souls.

I’ve come to find that I miss Reese. There is a strange feeling of loss and absence in my chest. It took me a while to understand why my anger would become irrational every time I reaped a soul from a female that reminds me of her. They no longer even resemble her. It could just be their black hair, the shape of their hips or even the way they walk, like their souls were already sucked out of them.

That last part angers me the most. It was the look on Reese’s face when her mother spoke her last words. That look has been burned into the very depths of me. I wonder how long it’s been since that day?

I mentally pull on the essence of my sprites to summon them. Amoora and Araaz appear before me. Amoora, the shape of a human child with skin the color of the dark depths of the seas. Araaz, a ganglier creature without eyes. The horns that protrude out of his head should be too heavy for him to carry as it is much too oversized. The same goes for his teeth. It makes his face look like nothing but a mouth and teeth.

“Well?”

“Master, she has moved to a different location. The third this past year.”

“Yes, yes, Master. She moves.”

“She resides in a small residence and continues to perform duties behind a desk. The building has many humans that come and go. They walk mindlessly and stay for long periods of time.”

“They all look the same. Like minions following a master that hasn’t been seen.”

I rub my face with my hand. The thing about sprites, especially ones as worthless as these, is that they are worthless at everything they do. Even something as simple as keeping a visual check on Reese becomes hard. What do I care for mortals who come and go?

“What of the female? Reese?” My patience is wearing thin and these sprites are starting to look like a snack just to end my misery of having to listen to their rambling.

“She comes and goes too. Yes. As mindless as the others, but she does not dress the same. No.” What fresh hell must I go through to get a straight answer from these pathetic creatures?

“She remains the same, Master. She goes to her building and then returns home. The building of her residence has many other males and females that come and go.” At the word ‘other males’, I snap my jaws at them.

“Enough. You two will be tasked to assist Baphba with the torture of souls who have committed pedophilia. Make sure you pay extra attention to the soul named James.”

“Oh yes, Master!”
“You honor us, Master.”

Their laughter and glee can be heard echoing down the chambers. It seems if I want something done right, I will have to do it myself.



Chapter 11

REESE


It’s been seven years since that fateful day I became an orphan. The good thing about the timing was that I was already considered an adult, therefore, I was on my own. It’s not like it made any difference, seeing as I was pretty much on my own for a while before that day. Both sets of my grandparents had already passed away long before the day of the incident. Mama was an only child and Daddy never kept in contact with his estranged brother.

My parent’s case was labeled self-defense, especially after one of the neighbors chimed in about what they used to hear from our house. It seems someone did hear my cries when I still had them. As for my mother, she would have been charged with intent to murder if she was alive, but instead the coroner labeled it natural causes. No one could understand what happened, truly, but the bloody tears coming out of her eyes made the workers want to close the case in a hurry. It also seems the roommate she was staying with reported her to the police right when she left. She’s been planning that fateful day for a while, not hiding the fact one bit.

Seven years of trying to rebuild my life. Seven years to start over, again and again until finally, I think I’ve found a comfort zone. The personal assistant ad I responded to said they didn’t require any college degree, so I jumped at it. It pays much better than the coffee shop I used to work at back in my hometown.

I made sure to move a few towns over. I was tired of being the ‘drunk’s daughter’ to the ‘only one left at the crime scene’. Small towns and their gossip. Funny enough, my dad had a small life insurance policy that helped me start over. Do I like the fact that my pedophile of a father is still tinkering with my life? No. But I would be stupid not to use it. 

My personal assistant job pays decently. Fifteen dollars an hour allowed me to start from living with multiple roommates to finally living on my own. I moved about three times this past year. The apartment I’m at now is a mile walk from my job. I just have to make sure to pack small heels in my bag to switch into when I get to the building. The company I work for creates advertisements for other companies like car dealerships and such. I don’t know much of the details as they have me pushing paper, mostly. I don’t mind it. It’s busy work, and it keeps me from interacting too much.

I don’t hate socializing; I just hate the questions that come with it. My life isn’t the best conversation starter.

The nice thing about my job is that it’s just a casual nice dress code. I didn’t have to go out and buy a bunch of new clothes and it helps me blend into the background when I purposely dress frumpy.

But today is not my day, it seems. Seriously, after years of turmoil and drama, I stay away from that stuff. I stay away from any form of people relationships. Josh works in one of the cubicles deeper inside the building. I don’t know for sure because they keep me out in the lobby mostly doing petty stuff like getting coffee and dropping off outgoing mail to sorting random papers.

I’m bent down, making sure I got all the outgoing mail I dropped earlier when I hear someone clear their throat behind me. It sounds masculine. When I get back up to standing, I turn to see that it’s Josh. My hackles rise and I’m automatically on defense because I have not had the best luck with men in my life. Does that make me cynical that I put all men in the same category? I don’t care. The only person I ever cared about turned their back on me years ago and I haven’t seen him since. Yeah, I’m still bitter about it. But that also means I’m still hung up on the bastard since I can’t find it in me to forgive him.

“Hey, Reese.” You wasted my time to say hi? I attempt what I hope is a kind smile.

“Hey, yourself.” I’m trying my best not to drop the load in my arms as I start walking briskly towards the lobby doors. The sound of footsteps follows me, and I internally groan. Come on now. 

“Hey, wait up! Reese, are you doing anything Friday night?” Good god, no. But I’m also not looking for anything to do with him either.

“Yup, it’s me and the couch. We have a date every Friday night.” I luckily catch the mailman outside just coming out from another building.

“Kyle! I have something for ya!” Kyle, our mailman who’s probably in his middle forties, smiles at me and lifts a hand up in hello. Dressed in his blue uniform, Kyle is a nice-looking man who is married with two kids. That’s what I learned through one of our short conversations anyway. He’s safe. I don’t mind talking to Kyle, especially since we kind of have a job that connects us and we’re both always in a hurry to get on with our duties.

Being the gentleman he is, Kyle grabs all my mail and stuffs it in his mailbag. I let out a huge sigh of relief when the weight of my burdens are removed from my arms. “Thank you so much, Kyle!”

“Anytime Reese! I’ll catch you later.” See what I mean? Nice and simple. Short interactions.

“Yeah, catch you later.” I wiggle my fingers in a wave, even though he’s already turned around and can’t see it.

I feel a cool breeze move my hair and when I turn around, I see Josh is not too far behind me, coughing a few times. Is he sick or something? Another good reason to stay away from this guy.

He quickly regains his composure when he sees me looking at him. 

“Um, about Friday. I’m sorry, but it’s going to be a no go. Maybe another time?” I’m not trying to lead him on, but I also don’t want to be known as a bitch at work. That wouldn’t go over well. I’m trying to keep a stable job and perhaps get a raise sooner rather than later from all my hard work.

“Come on, Reese. You said so yourself, it’s just you and the couch. What if I come over and you share said couch? How does that sound? We don’t have to go anywhere at all. Just give me a chance.” Is he dense? Staring at his light blue button-down shirt tucked into his tan slacks, my mind flashes with moments of the past.

That last statement reminds me of Cameron. “Come on, Reese. Just give me a chance. I’ll make it good for you.” Cameron’s hands, his cock being rammed up in me against a chain-linked fence. I’m getting kind of pissed. Is this what they call PTSD? Because I’m feeling like I need to kick someone in the balls right now, and since Cameron isn’t here anymore, my foot is itching to just kick whoever happens to be in front of me. I must be staring daggers at Josh because he takes a step back before putting both his hands up, palms out. Seriously, what is up with that? Now that reminds me of Daddy before I shot him. 

This is exactly why I can’t do relationships. Fuck. Am I broken?

A breeze comes by again and I swear I hear whispering, but I can’t entirely make out the words. I’m staring into nothingness as my ears strain to listen intently, hoping to catch it.

“Reese. Reese, I said I’ll come over this Friday. Let’s just try it out. You might enjoy the company.” Josh gives me what he thinks is a cute smirk when really I’m cringing inside. Fuck.



Chapter 12

BEHERAA


Seeing Reese again consumes me. Something ignites inside. Her soul is just as bright as I remember. It calls to me. The male beside her causes a new emotion in me that I don’t understand. What is this then? Human mating rituals? Reese does not seem like she wants to talk to him. Her mannerisms haven’t changed much from what I remember of her. That human child who angers to the woman who takes what she wants with fire in her eyes. She is none of those things right now with this male before her. 

What is it about this male? Is this what females of this realm are attracted to? Why am I even considering this? I reach out to touch the male before me, but I forget that I am still in a non-corporeal form. His soul starts to pull, and I have to remove myself quickly. He coughs, but I don’t think Reese notices.

Watching Reese interact with this male, I see her face contort into a multitude of different expressions. What is going on in that mind of hers? I’ve come to miss the way she used to ramble to me when she was younger. What does this female do to me? Why does this absence create such an aching chasm in my chest?

Coming closer, I see the fire in her eye dim. What is happening? My finger touches her lightly and I hear the tail end of her thoughts.

Am I broken?

No, sweet Reese. You are not broken. You are meant to be who you are. Why do her words make my chest ache even more so than it already is? Like a hole impaled by a Scythe and pulled away to create a jagged wound. This is probably what a death wound feels like, if it was possible for me to die.

Her face now changes to one of resignation. Did she just agree to this male’s request? I turn quickly, only to find the male smile and walk away. How can she agree to this? This is ludicrous. The male isn’t worthy of her time. I feel irrational anger. We will see just what this male intends.

Bringing myself back to my realm, I call upon my replacement hedonistic demon, Asteer. A demon that seems to be doing her job, at least. 

She flashes in front of me and bows. “Yes, Master?”

“What do human females require to find interest in the opposite sex?”

This makes her snap back up to attention, her curled horns giving the swing a wide arch with its momentum. Asteer stares at me much too long for my liking. I snap my teeth at her to hurry her answer. Her tail wraps around her furred arm as she takes a step back from me. I have no time for this nonsense!

I am contemplating devouring the demon when she clears her throat. “I-It is from my experience that human females vary in their interests. It is hard to say. The souls we have down here all vary in their tastes. It is to say that some things may torture one, while the same torture may pleasure the other. It takes time to discover these things.”

What kind of answer is this? This isn’t what I wanted to hear. How does this help me? Worthless, all these demons are worthless! I growl in frustration when Asteer disappears. 

I pull on a few strings, watching as Amoora and Araaz appear before me, stumbling upon each other. What is this? How do I end up with these pathetic sprites? Can they not even appear with dignity? I start to second guess my choices when Amoora and Araaz squabble and fight to stand before me.

“Yes, Master?”
“You called, Master?”

The sigh I let out doesn’t even begin to relax me. My hand scrubs down my face as I commit to my decision to send these imbeciles to keep an eye on Reese.



REESE

How did I get convinced to agree to this date? I must have been out of my mind the other day. That has to be it. This is stupid. It’s not going to work. 

I’m getting a little anxious just thinking about what might happen. Is he going to try and kiss me? My one and only kiss has been with Bear. Damn him for still being in my heart. They say the first love is always the hardest to let go of, and fuck if that isn’t true. I still think about him all the time. I hate that I do, but there it is.

Do I have to dress up for a date on the couch? How does dating even work? I’ve never been on a date. Thanks Daddy, you continue to fuck up my life even years down the road. You know, maybe it’s a good thing this is happening. I need to get on with life, try and grow, try and be normal. What the hell is normal, anyway? A normal twenty-five-year-old woman would have probably been on a good handful of dates by now.

My mind is spinning with what kind of etiquette dates require as I continue my mindless paper-pushing duties when I hear someone call my name.

“Hey, Reese. Are you due for a lunch break yet?” I turn around to find Josh leaning over the front desk on his forearms, stretching his shirt across his biceps. To be honest, I never paid him much attention before. But now that we have a date later tonight, I stop for a second to actually take a look at him.

He’s about average height for a guy, I guess? Maybe about 5’10” or 5’11” perhaps. A head full of brown hair styled with whatever it is boys use these days. His eyes are a blue-grey, lips look to not be overly full on skin that looks to be flawlessly porcelain that has seen a hint of sun. What stands out about him is his beauty mark right above the right side of his upper lip. Overall? He looks like every other jock that I used to go to school with. I hope I can make it through this couch date tonight.

“Reese, do you want to go for lunch?” Damn, I feel like this isn’t the first time he’s asked me this question. I’m not good at this socializing thing.

“Uh… I think I’m going to pass on that. Sorry, Josh. But I’ll see you tonight?” His initial look of dejection brightens at my mention of our date tonight. 

“Yeah! I’ll see you tonight. I’ll be by around eight. Catch you later, Reese.” Josh gives me a slow once over as he walks backwards towards the lobby doors, only turning around when he’s about a foot away. Should I feel flattered? He was checking me out, right? Shouldn’t I feel more excited instead of feeling dread?

Leaning back down to the pile of paperwork I was organizing, I feel a breeze. It must be from the lobby doors. It feels nice since I’ve been slaving over this pile all morning.

As I’m about to grab the last piece of paperwork to put on top of the pile, I swear the thing jumped out of my hand, almost cutting me. What the hell? I must be going nuts because I swear I hear someone chuckling softly, but when I turn around, there’s no one there. Everyone is out to lunch or about to be. Perhaps it was someone who just left. Shrugging it off, I put the pile where it’s supposed to go and walk towards the back of the building for a quick lunch.



I stare at my clock on the stove. It’s only been five minutes since the last time I checked. It’s 7:30 pm and I’m a ball of nerves. I should give this a chance. I need to get my life on some sort of relationship track. I need to be one with society and not always locked away in my apartment after work. 

My hands are getting clammy as I take another look at myself in the mirror. I never gave myself much thought since I left home. Is this why I’m single? I’m older now, of course. My hair is still straight and black. I’ve filled out my body some more since I don’t have any nightly visitors, giving me the opportunity to get enough sleep. My lips are full. Is that a good thing? The tags on the pants I get at the thrift store say a size eight, whatever that equals to. I had to buy new bras since my old ones were so worn; the underwire was poking through. I fill my B cups pretty well; I think. Ugh.

Who am I kidding? He will either hate me or want me, right? If he’s coming over, I assume it’s the latter. 

I hear my pots clatter and the hairs in the back of my neck rise. What the hell? My apartment is pretty small, a one-bedroom with an open concept for the kitchen and living room. Grabbing a bat I have leaning up against this corner between the living room and my bedroom, I walk slowly with it firmly gripped in both of my hands, letting the weight of it ground me and steady my nerves. 

When I come around the corner, I swear I see a flash of blue-black and it sparks a memory. The pots that I had hanging on hooks are crooked and one is on the floor. Taking another look around, making sure I don’t catch a glimpse of anything else, I put my bat into one of my hands while the other picks up the pot on the ground.

Something strange is happening. I can feel it deep in my bones. The hair on the back of my neck rises again and I take a blind swing behind me with the bat firmly gripped again in both of my hands. Fuck this shit.

It hits something solid with a thud and that something hits the back of my kitchen wall right over my eating table; it crashes in its landing, almost toppling it over. Then the strangest thing happens. A chuckle comes from behind me, prickling my senses, and I swing again. My head is looking left and right at the scene, and that’s when I see it. That fucking little baby demon from my dream is rolling around with his hands on his belly on top of my table. It looks just as I remembered. Skin a deep blue-black, with scars that create intricate patterns on his skin. Four stumpy randomly shaped horns on the top of his big fat head. His little bat wings are bent and wonky from this angle and his little tail is wrapped around his ankle. I must be going damn crazy. How can these stupid little creatures from my childhood dreams appear in real life?

Turning around to see the other guy, it looks like a gangly thing the same size as this baby demon. Where the baby is blue, this guy is purple. His head is way too big for his body and his horns are way too big for his head. He has a golden scroll work or charm of sorts engraved into it. There are no eyes and all I see is a wide mouth full of sharp teeth. His clawed hands are too big for his body too, but funnily enough his two toed feet aren’t. This fucker is laughing and wheezing while he rubs his head, rolling on top of my stove. This doesn’t make any damn sense. Thanks Mama, for giving me all your crazy genes. This shit is putting me in an irritable mood.

“What the hell are you guys doing here?” My mind races; I don’t even wait for their answer. “You know what? Better yet, you guys get your ass out of my house because I have a fucking date!” I’m pointing my bat at both their asses back and forth and they flinch every time their turn comes up.

Pointing the end of my bat at this purple fucker’s ass, I notice the digital clock on my stove indicating that it’s about 7:50. Shit. I bring my bat back, about to take another good swing, when I hear these little demons screech and poof out of existence. Good riddance.

Quickly placing my bat back into my corner, I take another look at myself in the mirror to fix any flyaways or crazy looks on my face. Is this a sign? What a start to a first date.


Chapter 13

BEHERAA


The multi-vehicle accident had me reaping close to ten souls, most of which were innocent. The first driver was under the influence of whatever substance it is that humans enjoy, causing his vehicle to plow into another ten times the size of his. Imbeciles. It’s days like this I find no joy in my duties. Just needless suffering for the living caused by the sheer stupidity of the few.

These dreadful moments used to be elevated by the presence of little Reese at the end of my reapings. Her ramblings and laughter would take my mind off the mundane and monotony of existence. Reese.

My thoughts flash me to her apartment and I notice my assigned sprites are not in the vicinity. Another bunch of worthless fools that I had tasked to keep an eye out, unable to perform their simple duties. Is it really so hard to find creatures to just do as they’re told? No matter. I am already here.

My eyes scan the room and they land on something. What in the hellfires? Why is this male here? Why is he sitting so close to Reese? Why do I feel a sour churning in my gut?

I come closer to the couch they sit upon and lean in to stare at this male’s face. Is this what human females find attractive then? What is beauty when beauty is so fleeting? Flesh will petrify with death. What is beauty then when I exist for all eternity? Turning my head to the right, I gaze upon Reese’s expression. I have come to know this one for many years. This is her dreaded look. But there is also something else there? Do not tell me she has a spark of interest for this fool. The sourness in my gut turns to something worse. I seethe with something on the inside. What is this?

“So, what ethnicity are you? I’ve never seen features like yours.” What is this fool prattling on about? What does it matter what her features are? Her fire burns brighter than her beauty and he is an idiot to not see it. Another reason for him to not be in her presence.

“Oh, my parents are a mix of a lot of things. We used to laugh about it when I was younger. We’d say I was basically a…” 

“Bear! Bear! Do you want to hear something funny? Mommy and Daddy say I’m a chex mix. I thought it was so funny that they called me a snack bag. But then they told me they weren’t saying Chex mix, they were saying that I have a little bit of Czech and Mexican in me. How can I have two people in me Bear? That doesn’t make any sense.”

Czech Mex. “...basically a Czech Mex.” Reese should not be sharing our secrets with this male. Another feeling comes over me that I cannot decipher, but I don’t like it. I don’t like it one bit.

“That’s hilarious.” His laugh is devoid of actual humor. What is this male up to? Why does he sound like this? There’s something going on here.

This male continues to stare at my Reese and my chest starts to yearn and hunger to incinerate his flesh before me. What is going on in this male’s mind? My gaze narrows as I reach my hand out to find out when he starts to lean in towards Reese. Irrational anger and fear courses through me and I pull his soul so tightly I merge into his being.

She is so beautiful. Look at her eyes, they’re the color of the sands on a dark cloudy day. Fuck, I can get lost in them. Her lips look beautifully kissable. Shit, I’m staring. I should just go for it.

My anger swells into unfathomable depths when I hear his intentions and I shove his consciousness in the back of his mind and take over. Reese looks afraid but hopeful. Those lips belong to me! They were mine first before I even understood what she was doing that first day she bestowed her kiss on me.

With the male Josh pushed back, I can control his body at my will. My hands cradle Reese’s face as I press my lips to hers as she did to me. Is this what humans do? Her lips are as soft as a flower petal as they meld against mine and my insides feel like it’s been torn asunder. Is this what she felt that day so long ago? The male’s body is responding strangely, his heart beating erratically. Or is it me who responds?

It is a peculiar feeling, but not an unpleasant one. I move my mouth against hers once more for a closer kiss and hear her gasp. What? What is happening?

Her eyes blaze with internal fire as she pulls back and stares into my eyes. What does she see? My hands still cradle her face as I am torn to let go of her just yet. Has she always been this soft?

What is going on in that mind of hers? I get my answer when my little Reese throws a fist into the face I inhabit. Damn if I do not feel the sting of the flesh I wear. I now anger, but for different reasons. This human female has humiliated me yet again and I cannot stand it. 

I flash out of the flesh I wear and return to my realm.



REESE

I’m fuming. Absolutely fuming!

I’m on a pseudo date with Josh on my damn couch, in my damn house, of all places. My heart was scared of the impending kiss, but I wanted to face my fear. I wanted to get Bear out of my head and out of my heart.

What happens next makes me want to scratch his fucking eyes out! There was just something different. I don’t know how I know, but I just did.

The kiss was slow, his lips soft, but much more hesitant than I imagined. I mean, Josh seems like the kind of guy who’s been on plenty of dates. The more I started to wonder, the more I started to feel coldness seeping through him. Josh’s hands were too damn cold. When I pulled back and stared into his eyes, I saw it. It was Bear’s eyes in all its flickering, flaming glory. My mind was confused. I felt butterflies in my stomach because Bear was kissing me instead of the other way around. But my heart was also cracking again from the memory of our last encounter where he left me to rot by myself in the hell I called home. 

I couldn’t do it. I couldn’t let him in my heart again. How could he do this to me? Why now? Why, when I feel like I am finally ready to try and move on? Must he haunt my heart so? I felt so angry... I felt so broken. My fight or flight kicked in, and I chose to fight.

My fist lands on Josh’s face with the full force of my swing. The throbbing in my knuckles does nothing to ease the ache in my chest.

When Josh turns back around, he shakes his head a few times before bringing his hand up to rub his jaw. His expression doesn’t look hurt at all, just confused, and I don’t blame him. He probably doesn’t even know what just happened.

“Di-did I do something wrong?”

“Yes Josh, you did. You came on way too strong, and I’m just not ready for that. I’m sorry, but I’m going to have to ask you to leave. I’ve had a lovely night but I don’t think this is going to work between us.” Especially when someone else still occupies my heart and I have yet to figure out how to evict his sorry ass. This is for the best.

Josh shakes his head a bit again before he offers an apology as he walks towards my front door. 

“Apology accepted. I’m sorry it didn’t work out.” That’s all I’ve got in me right now. I shut the door on Josh’s confused face.

I put my forehead against the closed door and sigh. What is it about me? How did I become the chosen one for complication and drama galore? What game of fate did I win to get these cards dealt to me?

My hand comes up to ghost along my lips, the memory of Bear’s kiss as clear as day and still lingering. The first caught me by surprise, the second… tore at my heart. The love I had hungered from him never died, but now it’s become tainted. I’ve become tainted. How can I trust him with my heart after all we’ve been through?

Teardrops fall on my hand in cool drops and I go to wipe them away before any more can escape. Bear’s the kink in the armor I wear. My weakness. How can I still love him like this?

The sound of scratching behind me makes me turn around quickly. What now? My eyes zone in on my bat by the far corner towards the kitchen, but I don’t see anything amiss. It better not be those two little demons again, because I swear I will pummel them into ground beef. I am not in the mood for their crap.

The sound of scratching comes again, and I swear it’s coming from the pillow that’s on the couch. What in the world? I squint my eyes and tilt my head sideways in case it helps, and dear lord, it does. What is this thing?

It looks like it has the body of a Whippet dog, but much thinner. Its hind legs are way too long for its body, making its back hunch abnormally. The neck is abnormally long too, and the head looks to be a mix between a damn raptor and a lizard with spikes going behind it. His skin looks like a cross between a hairless dog and a lizard. What is with today and things popping up in my damn apartment? His front paws/hands are so elongated that it looks like he’s walking on his knuckles. He’s scratching at my pillow like he’s digging for gold. Speaking of gold, there’s a strange golden pattern that goes from his head all the way down his entire back. 

He turns to look at me quizzically and his sad excuse for a half tail starts to wag. The longer I look, the longer the thing looks too damn cute for words. It turns back to the pillow and starts digging again. Sometimes his paw swipes through the pillow.

“Hey there. What are you digging for, huh?” He doesn’t hear me or he’s ignoring me because he’s still digging. This has got to be the funniest thing I’ve seen all day. It takes my mind off the horrible date I just had.

“Are you hungry?” Oh, snap!

The thing starts wagging its half-tailed butt so hard he throws himself off the couch, slamming into my short coffee table with a loud thud that makes me wince. I go down to reach for it when it gets itself back up after what seems like half a dozen tries. His brain has got to be scrambled by now with how many hits he takes in his attempts to get back up. Poor uncoordinated thing. It’s so cute.

“Hey, big fella.” Now that I’m on my knees on the floor, the creature's head stands a little over my head and I’m about 5’5” tall. He’s too big to be a whippet, too… deformed looking. 

I reach out my hand slowly, palm up, and the thing starts wiggling like a damn hot dog flinging out of control. He can’t seem to keep his raptor head straight when he does it either. It makes him look like he has a little tick and it’s endearing as heck. Awww.

“Are you lost, buddy? Did you lose something?” He lets me pet him. His skin feels just like a lizard’s would, and the sound that comes out of him is beyond bizarre. He sounds like a mini raptor, but there’s a staccato like a damn sheep at the end. I laugh out loud and the thing jumps about 3 feet into the air and lands on his back. My goodness, his coordination sucks. This puppy needs some help.

I grab him and sit us both on the couch as I pet him soothingly to calm his nerves. At least I hope it’s doing that. His little butt starts to wiggle, his hip bones digging into me uncomfortably, as his raptor head settles himself right under my chin. Okay then. 

“You know, when I was young, I loved to watch that cartoon about the hunchback guy. You kind of remind me of him. What do you think about the name Quasi, huh?” His little butt wiggles so hard, he’s starting to slide off my legs. I laugh again as I resituate him on the couch near me instead of on me.

“Maybe my luck is looking up after all, Quasi. I was kind of feeling sorry for myself a minute there and feeling pretty...alone.” His little head under my chin tilts up and knocks my head a little. I stifle a laugh and snuggle my face against him. 

“I’m glad you decided to come into my life.” Tears start to well up in my eyes again at how true that is. 

Though Bear came back into my life for a damn second, I couldn’t feel more alone.



Chapter 14

BEHERAA


The moment I flash back into my realm is the moment I unleash my rage. The audacity of that blasted female! The humiliation! These emotions roll into raging storms within me, and I can’t seem to cool it.

Stomping through the different chambers, I seek victims for my anger. Grabbing the closest sprite, I throw him against the wall of the cavern, breaking his body in two. My breaths are heaving as I stare at its little body, slowly starting to crawl back to each other to reconnect. Just my luck that demons in this realm do not die but rather regenerate eternally. Blasted hellfires! 

Stomping through another chamber, I find some of the lesser demons torturing souls with different contraptions. Some of the sprites nearby have scampered off, leaving this lesser demon before me. My eyes flame over and my body doesn’t feel my own as I grab him by the back of his neck and devour his head in one bite. The crunch of his bones and horns satisfies my anger a tad, but not by much. Ripping his legs from his torso, I devour the rest of his upper body and arms.

The blood that drips down my face starts to cool my ardor. My breathing starts to slow as I stand there and stare at the mess before me. Blast! Now I must find another replacement for the demon I just eliminated.

I turn my head to find some of the sprites peeking around the corner of another cavern entrance. 

“You!” The sprites screech and jump, toppling over each other like a pathetic set of bipedal dominos. 

“Y-Y-yes, Master?” I can practically hear the clacking of his damn knees hitting each other. Pathetic creatures, the lot of them.

“What demon was stationed here?”

“T-t-the demon of greed, Master.” I bring my head back and roar. These blasted creatures do nothing for me. I must find a replacement for the demon I devoured. These souls will not torture themselves.

“Find me another demon of greed.”

“Yes, Master.” I kick his little tailed rear end to hurry him along and he rolls into the other sprites who await his return.

What does this female do to me? Have I lost my damn mind? With a touch, she has unraveled me yet again. Just thinking about that lesser male Josh touching her makes my eyes explode with hellfire. I regret nothing. Her kiss belongs to me just as it had those years ago.

My mind starts to run with planning. She will not have the upper hand again. It is time I brought Reese where she belongs: On her knees before death. What is human life but such a fleeting thing? She should be thankful that I’ve decided to claim her as mine.

“Bear, you are fucking mine. You’ve been in me and you’re fucking stuck with me. I need you so bad, I’m so fucking horny for you.” 

Memories of her sear my mind, scorching every dark corner I’ve buried her in. What is it about this female? What is she doing to me?

“Amoora! Araaz!”

These idiotic sprites tumble over each other as they phase in. How many centuries have we done this, yet their entrance remains the same. I rub my hand down my face in resignation. These are the cards the fates have dealt me. To lord over an army of halfwitted sprites and somewhat useful lesser demons to torture the souls we collect...for all eternity.

I am unable to control the emotion in my voice as I snarl at the cretinous creatures before me. “See to your tasks, as it remains the same. Report to me if there are any changes or if there is anything important I need to be made aware of. Now.”

Araaz ends up kicking Amoora in the face during an attempt to salute and Amoora jumps on his back as they both phase out. 

This eternity may just be my downfall as my mind starts to dumb down slowly by hanging around these imbeciles.



REESE

“Quasi, baby. Come on boy, you can share the bed with me.” I pat the bed invitingly and it takes my new demon pup a few tries before he can coordinate all four limbs onto the full mattress. How do I know he’s a demon pup? What are the odds? Two stupid demon minions, a visit from Lord Bear himself, and now Quasi? Yeah, he’s a demon pup, but he’s my demon pup.

Quasi kicks off half of the comforter, his legs getting tangled in it, before he makes himself cozy enough to lie still and that position just happens to be with his raptor head right under my chin. Isn’t it the cutest thing? My gosh. Thank you to whoever sent him my way, because my night is feeling better already.

With Quasi lying on top of my covers, I’m warming up like a burrito in the sun. My eyes start to feel heavy, and I don’t even remember when they drift close.

It only felt like ten minutes had gone by when Quasi let out a raptor screech. Holy guacamole, it sounds like Jurassic Park in my damn bedroom. What the hell is going on? My eyes pop open but I can't move because my demon dog is still lying on top of me with most of his weight, but his head has turned to the foot of the bed. I squirm around a bit, unraveling myself from the burrito blanket, and lean over to see two heads and fingers peeking out of my footboard. What is this? Visit Reese day?

“You guys are lucky I can’t get to my bat right now. Leave me the hell alone. That goes for Bear too. Make sure you send that damn message. I don’t want to see him. He can kiss my ass! Now goodnight! Down, Quasi, now!”

A little whine comes out of Quasi as he sneaks in a small raptor screech toward the two buttheads at the foot of my bed before resituating his head back under my chin. Damn, this day has gone on way too long.


Chapter 15

REESE


I was getting bored at work today. It seemed in my zombie state of working the prior day, I overworked to the point of cutting my duties in half for today. I decided to grab a coffee at the employee lounge only to find Josh there, so I aborted the mission before it could even get started.

On my way back, I feel like something is niggling at me. Something is whispering in my ear. I can’t hear what it is, but I feel a need to go a few blocks down to the local coffee shop to try one of their house specials. Since I completed so much work, I don’t think anyone would miss me for an entire hour. I usually take thirty-minute lunches, but, why not? Fuck it. I deserve something and a coffee sounds damn good right about now. At least it will keep me awake if I come back to more paper pushing.

Grabbing my bag from behind the front lobby counter, I wave goodbye to Jessie, who mans her duties with diligence and a smile. This is exactly why she’s perfect for the front desk. She’s a beautiful red-headed woman with an over ample cleavage that she lets peek out of her shirt. It brings us a lot of customers. We don’t talk much besides the usual salutations, but she’s nice enough to be around.

Leaving the glass lobby doors, I take in a deep breath of clean, fresh air. It’s nice today and feels like it’s going to be clear skies for the rest of the time I’ll be at work. It feels a good seventy degrees, just warm enough to loosen my limbs on this walk.

The walk didn’t take long at all since I’m so used to walking a mile to work every day. I’m sure my legs are on muscle memory by now, just mechanically moving me wherever I need to go without even having to feel any strain.

The Coffee-Load is a quaint little store that faces the street perpendicular and about 4 blocks off of my work building. It’s nice to not have to look at where you work while you’re trying to relax for a moment. The front only looks like the size of 3 doorways, but there’s more room going inwards once you enter. There’s a random smattering of small circular tables and chairs right before a short counter where two baristas stand waiting for customers.

The workers are very kind and get my order done very quickly. I’ll have to remember to give them a good review online. This whole place smells like coffee heaven, the mixtures of different types of grinds tickling your olfactory senses. Grabbing my small cup, I turn to find a few more customers have entered and lined up behind me.

I decide to sit at the bar and counter that faces the streetside. Looking out the window and watching the clouds go by, the ground starts to rumble and shake beneath me; the vibration going up my calves. What the hell? We don’t usually get earthquakes here. A murmur goes through the store for a few beats from all the customers when the sound of a loud crash shakes the windows. The loud rattle makes me wince, and my teeth grind.

It sounds kind of like something just got blown up with how much the ground was shaking. This shit only happens in the movies, right? I quickly take a few more sips of the hot coffee I still have in my hands before tossing it in the trash near the door and briskly leave the building to see what’s going on.

Rounding the outer corner of the street, I take a left onto the street that brings me straight back to my work building. The sight before me stops me in my tracks. I rub my eyes. Look. Rub my eyes again. No. There is no fucking way.



BEHERAA

My anger has lulled somewhat, but not entirely. It has simmered to a low boil. Another human squabble has brought me to the desert lands. These human creatures never fail to amaze me in their appetites for destruction. Because of the sheer amount of souls, my scythe accompanies me today. I am going to have to make sure I have enough lesser demons for the count coming into our realm after this reaping.

My mind flits to Reese and the kiss. From the kiss to Reese’s fist. My anger starts to go up in flames again and my scythe shows no mercy for those around the area. From the guilty to the innocent, my scythe will have its souls.

The reaping goes by faster than I would like. My agitation increases from my thoughts of the human female who continues to humiliate me.

I flash to the front of her building of duties. What does she do here? Does she tease males the likes of this Josh? A building this big must hold more than one male. My mind is becoming consumed with an emotion I cannot name.

Reese should not be giving her attention to anyone but me. ME! I am her Bear, am I not? What has changed her so? Why does she spurn me?

Is it this building then? Does this take her from me? There is nothing in her place of residence, so it must be this blasted building of males!

My mind runs through the possibilities of what chaos I can bring. My scythe feels heavy in my hands, and my chest starts to rise and fall from my fury.

My mind lost in its haze, overlooking the sprites that have overrun the building inside and out. I care not for the havoc they wreak. My mind can only see Reese and her standing next to that blasted Josh. And who knows what other males who come and go through these doors.

A lesser demon of chaos emerges in front of me and runs into the building, straight through the walls. My mind is churning, it’s in a state of confusion and hurt and anger. What is this emotion? Why do I feel these things? It must be that damn demon I devoured, adding to the curses already burdened on me.

I need to stop devouring the workers. Who knows what else they will curse me with. I never had to deal with these human emotions and now I regret ever being given a taste.

A taste.

The taste of Reese’s lips still lingers on my mouth and it angers me that she..that she...rejects me.

The ache I feel in my body is now a result of the expansion of my being. My eyes are level with the top-most floor of what these humans call a thirty-story building. I swing my scythe back and bring it down in a wide arc that goes straight through the entire thing before me, and my eyes burn with exuberance as I watch the building fall to its knees before me.

Chapter 16

REESE


I’m shook. 

I’m speechless. 

What the hell is happening right now?

After the ground finishes shaking from the demolition of my work building, I straighten my knees and clutch my bag closer to my body tightly for some sort of comfort.

I-I-I think I might be out of a job. My feet take a few tentative steps forward before I just freeze in place. What is the point of going there? No one can survive that. 

A cool breeze moves my hair as I look to the left and right of me. All I see are other civilians and bystanders standing like I am, watching in shock at the destruction before us. Those who are closer are stumbling and scattering for the damn hills like roaches with the light on so they don’t become casualties from the destruction. This is the most bizarre freak accident.

After what feels like fifteen minutes of just staring, watching the dust settle, and reevaluating my life choices, I turn around and slowly start walking home, mindlessly. People are still standing around all over the street with their hands over their mouths or their chests like they’re frozen in time.

My feet are moving on their own. Muscle memory. My mind is going through what I need to do now in order to keep my apartment. I need a job. Do I still put this personal assistant job on my resume? Who the hell are they going to call for a reference check? My god. This is complicated. The cell phone in my bag feels heavy or is that my consciousness. I’m the only one left from that building, but I still need to live. What kind of jobs do I qualify for? My head feels like it’s full of cotton. Sounds are muffled as I continue to walk on.

I make it to my apartment and I don’t even know how. My spirits are lifted when I step through the front door and Quasi is there. Running into side tables, couch pillows, and walls before he makes it to me. His raptor head is constantly lifting, seeking my chin. What a nice way to be welcomed home after everything that’s happened today. Despite his horrible coordination, Quasi is smart enough to scratch at my legs with only his knuckles rather than his razor-sharp claws.

I had bought a nylon chewy toy for him on the way to work this morning. It was small enough to keep in my bag. Grabbing it, I throw it towards the far wall near my bat and watch as Quasi topples over backward, trying to change direction. I laugh a little as he makes it to the bone toy and bites into nothingness. He scratches the ground beneath it, his claws going through the bone. I forget he’s a demon pup. He’s probably not really corporeal, is he? How can I feel him then? None of this makes any damn sense, but such is my life. It never made any damn sense. Well, at least he’ll be entertained for a while.

The sound of scratching continues as Quasi’s paws continue to go through the bone at every attempt, but it doesn’t stop his enthusiasm whatsoever.

Dropping my bag on the kitchen counter, I grab a glass from my cabinet and pour myself some filtered water from the pitcher inside the refrigerator. After a big cold drink, I lean back on my kitchen table and rub the chilled glass against my forehead. What a mess this day has been.

What if I wasn’t at the coffee shop at the right time? What if I became one of the victims in the building? That would have probably put an end to my miserable life. But who would take care of Quasi?

I walk out of the kitchen to sit on my comfy and well-worn couch and turn my head around to look at the pup in question. He’s still scratching on the floor and is now jumping on it, like it will make a difference.

Straightening my head and drinking a few more sips of water, I hear a whisper in the air. What is with that? My thoughts bring me to the moment I decided to get coffee at the local coffee shop instead of in the employee lounge. My god, that means Josh was in there, doesn’t it? That doesn’t sadden me as much as it should. How sad am I supposed to be? I never really got to know anyone there well. I basically just went to work, said my hellos and goodbyes, and that was it. In essence, everyone in that building was just an acquaintance. 

I blink a few times. This is a sad and very sobering thought.

Going back into the kitchen to grab the phone out of my bag, I sit my butt back on the couch and start browsing for new work. I might as well get a head start. No rest for the weary and all that. The sound of jumping, scratching, and a little bit of banging on the wall lulls me into a zone as I start browsing job listings on the popular sites. My thumb swiping the smooth screen and swiping some more.

A lot of these jobs require a college degree, which, thanks to Daddy, I do not have. It seems I’m sighing every five minutes as I continue to scroll through job listing after job listing as well as job site after job site.

One job ad grabs my attention. It’s a personal listing for an in-home caregiver. No college degree required. Leaning forward to place my cup on the coffee table, I make sure to thoroughly read the ad again. Well now, this looks promising. I took care of Daddy for a long time after Mama left. I can do this. Shouldn’t be that hard, right?

Filling out the online application on a little cell phone is tedious, but I did it. The moment my finger hits submit, I let out a sigh of relief. All is not lost, and the day is starting to look up.

Leaning my head back, I close my eyes and let myself relax to the sound of Quasi trying to get to his bone.

Chapter 17

BEHERAA


I laugh as a plan formulates in my mind. Grabbing the closest sprite by the neck, I shake it with glee, my teeth close to his face. He flinches, most likely believing I’m on another devouring rampage when, in reality, it’s not far from the truth.

But instead of the demons of this realm, I think I may have found the solution to my Reese problem.

I need to consume the flesh of those I reap before the soul is entirely removed in order to make myself corporeal enough so that I may finally bring Reese back to me. This has been the problem. This! All the times we’ve spent together has been during her dream state. She must have been having out-of-body experiences in order to find me here.

But I can no longer wait for her to come to me. I must go to her. I need to show her the wrongs of her ways. She will be able to give me her apologies and all will be right again. The perfect solution.

Amoora and Araaz have not reported much to me besides the fact that Reese has found another place of work since I incidentally put her previous work location out of business for the foreseeable future. I regret nothing. In fact, just the knowledge that the male known as Josh is now out of existence excites my very being. I crave more bloodshed and this is good, for I need flesh to consume. What better way than to just consume the flesh of those who are already scheduled to leave the human realm? Everything will remain in balance.

I rub my hands together and laugh to the heavens. The flames of my realm grow in mirth as the lesser demons corral the sprites away from my chambers.

Yes. This is the way. This is the only way.



A war has broken out in the desert lands again. The number of casualties here are insurmountable and continuous. Since the beginning of my existence, the wars in the middle east have never died down, no. But this serves my purpose perfectly well.

My scythe starts to pull their souls as I grab their bodies closer to me, opening my jaws. The flames that dance behind my eyes invigorate me as my vision zones in on all the bodies that lay before me. Flesh that would have been left to rot and decay are now made more useful by my consummation. With all the wars these humans create, no one would be the wiser with my change in tactics.

I find that I revel in consuming them in pieces as eating them in their entirety is unnecessary. It is expected with situations like these to find missing limbs among the debris of blown structures and turned over human vehicles.

A localized contention between families of power flashes me to the other side of the world by the waters in the middle of a metropolis, and their bloodshed fuels me. These human creatures and their hate. They breed diseases and cancers of violence and destruction. I embrace it all as I come closer and closer to my goal.

Despite the natural disasters, wars, famine, death, and destruction in my wake, I find that I continue to hunger for more. This isn’t enough, it’s never enough. I feel my time cutting close. What if Reese forgets me and spurns me for all eternity? I need more souls; I need more bodies!

Opening the portal that separates the two realms, I unleash my demons and minions onto the human plane and task them to amplify the chaos around us. More mayhem and death are required. I need more humans to become infected in chaos and hate for more flesh and souls. 

The lesser demons invoke and exploit the spirits of lust, jealousy, temptation, and whatever other vices and madness the humans have within them. Brother on brother. Families against families. The cycle of violence and murder. All will fall under the chaos of needs and wants, overtaking their minds in a blood lust of their own.

The sprites whisper into their ears and create havoc and depredation among the innocent bystanders as they watch the world around them lay to waste.

My body aches with its growth and expansion as I bring my scythe back and swing it down on a wide arch towards the earth beneath me. All will know my wake, all will meet their day and bow before me.




Chapter 18

REESE


I’ve been performing this caregiver job for about two years now. I’m finally getting into the groove. I thought it was going to be easy, but little did I know how cantankerous my client would be.

Mister Clyde Jones is a grumpy old African American veteran who used to be an engineman in The Navy. I’ve come to learn that they hang out on the bottom of the ship, near the majority of the heat in the engine room. Big diesel engines that are constantly operating. He stayed in for twenty-five years, coming back home to the states and then decided that retirement was not for him so he continued working as a general mechanic in a suburban town. 

He didn’t last since his cantankerous personality followed him there, too. He ended up retiring again after five years of being a mechanic.

How the old coot managed to get married and have a child, I have no clue. He became widowed after his wife died of pneumonia sometime after his son’s eighth birthday. I met his son, Isaac, on the day of my interview and every day after that. Mister Clyde is now in his early eighties and is just as cynical and grumpy as Isaac remembers growing up, or so he tells me. Isaac, despite being forty, looks good for his age. 

Standing at about 6 feet tall, Isaac is quite the gentleman. He even keeps a smile on his face when his dad is cussing up a storm about how his ass hurts and needs to be turned.

Today is just one of those days. Mister Clyde is just a little bit extra.

“Reese’s pieces girl! I need a sponge bath. Come on then! Hop to it, I don’t have fucking all day!” I give him a side-eye and smile. I swear he calls me that to rile me up. When I had first introduced myself to Isaac, the old man must have been eavesdropping from his hospital bed because the next thing you know, I hear him yell, “Reese’s pieces!” 

It’s been my nickname from him ever since.

“Actually, you do. That’s why I’m here...basically all day.” I turn on his television to keep him occupied while I ready the supplies for his bed bath. I really don’t mind it. This gig pays much better than my last job. I tried to talk Isaac down because I felt bad for him paying me thirty dollars an hour. His explanation? No one ever lasts over a week with his father’s attitude. I can see why.

I guess some things in life prepare you for the road you’re meant to be on because here I am, two years later. Who would have thought a twenty-seven-year-old without a college degree would be making this much just putting up with an old coot? He’s all bark and no bite anyway.

“Quit talking back, girl! I smell like something funky. I can’t stand the smell of myself! Come on now! Don’t leave an old man hanging out in his own swamp, my balls are stickin’.” 

The recent attacks in New York have been labeled the work of domestic terrorism. More to come at six.

The news has been nothing but death and destruction. In the middle east, in the major cities and metropolitan areas. This is why I don’t listen to the news. It’s such a debbie downer. Death is a part of life, but hearing about mass casualties doesn’t lift anyone’s spirits up.

Rise in the newly labeled “madness” pandemic can be seen around cities. The source of the infection is still unknown at this point in time.

If it’s not people killing people, it’s things that make us go crazy and want to kill each other to help put people out of their misery. My goodness, what is the world coming to?

“Doggonit, Reese’s pieces! My ass is starting to wrinkle!”

I laugh out loud because this man is just nuts. The stuff that comes out of his mouth entertains me most days. Speaking of nuts, his nuts are probably sticking to his thighs, that’s the real problem. Little things like that make him yell crazy shit.

After giving Mister Clyde his requested sponge bath, giving him a new gown, and feeding him a sandwich, his son comes into the house to relieve me of my duties for the day.

The times Isaac comes home varies. I don’t know what he does and I don’t care to ask. I just do my job and go home, compliments of Isaac driving me home and driving me back to work the very next day. You’d think I’d get better at socializing with how long I’ve been with them, but no, I’m still me.

Their home is located in the quiet suburbs, about 10 miles from my apartment. The kind of neighborhood you see on TV shows, where they all look the same like cookie-cutter homes. Isaac was so desperate for a caregiver, he offered to give me a ride to my own interview before I could even mention that I didn’t own a car.

The house is beautiful for having two men live here. They must have a maid, there’s no other way it would be possible. It smells too clean. It’s a quaint two-story home with four bedrooms and 3 bathrooms. Mister Clyde used to reside upstairs until his health took a turn. Lucky for him, there are rooms as well as restrooms downstairs for his convenience. I was informed that he used to move around with a walker pretty independently but an unexpected fall the past few years has confined him to his hospital bed now which sours his already sour mood.

“Thank you so much again, Reese. I mean it. Even I can’t stand his ass sometimes and he’s my father.” I chuckle under my breath because if old man Clyde heard me laugh, he’d give me hell tomorrow. I just know it.

Isaac and I walk side by side as we pass his beautifully manicured lawn, the smell of freshly cut grass wafting in the air, and down the driveway towards his black SUV. He even opens doors. How nice is that? Once we’re buckled up, the engine turns on with a soft hum. The leather seats are the most comfortable and softest things I’ve ever sat on. I’ve never been in anything as nice as this vehicle. Daddy always drove a beat-up pickup truck growing up. But it’s also not like Daddy took me many places the older I got...the only place he took me was in my bedroom.

These thoughts bring down my mood and I blank out my mind. I wonder how Quasi’s doing? I miss the little pup. I wonder if I bring him to work if anyone would notice? As long as he doesn’t cause too much mischief. Thinking about it again, I decide against it. He’d probably get all tangled up in Mister Clyde’s oxygen hose and kill him accidentally or something. That would just be my luck, wouldn't it?

“What are you thinking about so hard over there?” I politely shake my head a little bit. “You know, I never got to ask you, how are your parents?” Isaac’s deep voice and question pulls me from my thoughts of the different ways Quasi would accidentally kill his dad.

The feeling of dread comes over me. It’s always the same when the question comes up. Why wouldn’t it come up? It’s a normal part of conversation, talking about family and loved ones. He’s respected my privacy since I started working here, our conversations remaining on a superficial level. I’m not known to strike up a conversation about my past. Does that make me a bitch? I don’t know. I’m just not a talkative person and I thought Isaac respected that. But curiosity will always get the best of people, so I don’t blame him for his questioning after two years of working for his father.

“Um.. both my parents are gone.” Yup. Awkward silence.

“Oh, I’m so sorry.” Why?

“Don’t be. It was their time. I’ve been good on my own, especially since you were kind enough to hire me on. Thank you for that.”

Isaac graces me with a soft smile. “So what’s a beautiful woman like you doing living on her own, anyway? How can you not be taken by now?” I’m not sure what he’s getting at. Is this flirting? Is he subliminally asking me something else? I feel my cheeks flush a bit. This is awkward.

“Well, this woman was working her butt off for fifteen dollars an hour until this new opportunity came about.” I give him a smile back because that’s what I’m supposed to do, right? Conversations are strange. Why was it so much easier to converse with Bear? What makes him so different? Aren’t I supposed to be attracted to regular men and their normal banter? 

Moments like these, I feel broken again. Like a wrong-shaped piece dropped into the puzzle of life that has one specific shape missing to make it whole and it’s not my shape whatsoever.

Isaac tries for more conversation and I give him answers as best as I can, but I’m just not feeling it. He must know this too, because the conversation dwindles down by the time he drops me off in front of my apartment building.

Being the gentleman he is, he quickly gets out of the driver’s seat by the time I undo the seat buckle, he’s already opening the passenger door for me. I don’t know why I continue to blush when he’s done this a million times by now, but it’s just the strangest thing to be treated this way.

“Thank you, Isaac. I’ll see you tomorrow?” 

What is different about today? Isaac takes me by surprise when he leans down and gives me a soft kiss on the cheek before walking back to the driver’s seat. I’m left a little surprised and stunned.

I’m walking in a daze towards my apartment, still trying to understand what led to the moment. Did I do something to cause this? Quasi almost knocks me back into the closed front door when he jumps on me with his knuckles, bringing me back into the present surroundings.

“Hey, baby. Did you miss me?” Quasi chucks his raptor head under my chin and starts wiggling his butt. 

“You’ll never believe what happened today…”



BEHERAA

Sitting in my throne room, I feel the realms shift from an entrance. Amoora flashes in first, down on bended knee until Araaz flashes in right on top of her, causing her to tumble onto her horns. 

With my head leaning against my fist, I let out an exasperated sigh as I watch them resituate themselves into position before me.

“Master!”
“Master!”

“What is it?” I’m going to lose my mind if they start speaking at the same time or echoing each other like those annoying green flying creatures found in the southern area of the human plane.

Araaz opens his mouth to speak when Amoora slaps him upside the head inadvertently causing him to bite his own tongue. I watch as the blood slowly drips to the ground when Amoora speaks up.

“Master, it has come to our attention that the female Reese has received courting signals from the male she works with. Well, not exactly works with, but he’s there when she works so I guess he does kind of work with her. He is with her in the room and in the car, so that means works with right? Well, Master, he was returning her to her place of residence when he opens the door to his vehicle to release her.”

“By the blazing hells, get on with it! What are you trying to tell me?” How can it be this difficult to relay a simple message?

Amoora screeches and after a few gulps, continues her information vomit.

“W-Well, Master, the human male places his mouth on her face. I’ve seen this custom during my time with the lesser demon of the flesh. I think this is a sign that the male wishes to copulate with the female.”

“WHAT?!” The ground shakes at my roar as I quickly stand to take the step down to grab both of my sprites by the neck in each of my hands.

“What did you say? Speak clearly, little demon, or you will be the next one I devour.” My teeth already ache for the taste of flesh. I have consumed as much human flesh as I could these past human years. But human life is so fleeting that I’ve come to find it requires much more than I anticipated to be fully corporeal in the human realm.

The sprites are choking as they try to answer me, and I tire of their struggles. Tossing them to the wall in my rage, I watch as their blood drips down the rocky cavern and the pieces of their bodies slowly start to crawl back towards itself.

I do not like this news. This will not do.

Flashing to Reese’s abode, I see her couch is empty. Where is this blasted female? Making my way towards her bedroom, a familiar sound comes towards me. I’m caught in a state of confusion at the sight before me. The creature jumps and knocks me back towards the couch, flipping me onto its softer side. What in the blazing hells is this?

Gripping the creature by its long neck, I keep it arm’s length away, turning it about to inspect the sight before me. Do my eyes deceive me? Why does this creature look like one of my lesser demons having snuck around to taste the pleasures of the flesh...of a hellhound? I have a feeling I know exactly which lesser demon it was as well by the look of the creature's markings currently glowing the same color as his eyes.

Flashing back to my realm, I keep a tight hold on the creature’s neck as I pull an internal call to Asmore.

He flashes before me with his cock attached to the ass of a damn human male soul. Why is it so difficult to find good workers in these realms? What is it about my kingdom that calls to the worthless demons? Where do all the good demons go? Who is taking them off the market?

“Asmore!” His gangly body stiffens as he groans out his finish in the soul. The golden patterns on his neck and back glowing with his climax. 

When he pulls his cock out, the human soul screams in pain as the demon cock rips his back entrance with its serrated spikes. Staring at the atrocity before me, I notice the young human male already has his cock and balls savagely removed. Good, this male known as Cameron deserves everything he receives. I watch as the soul dissipates back to its original chamber to await its next torture session.

Asmore shakes himself in a full-body shudder before he turns to respond. “Yes, Mas-”

His eyes widen as he gazes upon the creature still in my grip, wriggling for all it’s worth.

“What is the meaning of this, Asmore?” I catch the look of guilt across his face before he schools his features. The promiscuous and lustful fool.

“Ah...well, it was a dry spell, you see. We weren’t getting enough souls to go around in the … chamber I was working in. I was walking out in the field to take a piss and..ah…”

“Blasted hellfire. Stop your rambling. I do not wish to hear any more. Did you not think to look and see if you sired a damn litter of these things? Why did you not pull out Asmore?!”

“Ah...well... You see... I was in the lust haze, Master, and ah… another hellhound came by smelling the other hound in heat..and uh... It became an orgy of sorts; you see…” Asmore is scratching his bald head with one hand as his other hand starts to tug on his rising cock. What is this nonsense? Why can this fool never keep control of that thing?

Reese’s little hands rip off my cloak right before she bites my shoulder with her full force, her small body pressed up against my own. The heat of her, the softness of her skin. I feel the blasted phallus between my legs react. Does this thing have a mind of its own? Why is it doing that? Why does it enjoy what this little human is doing with her teeth? 

When her hot little pink tongue licks the bite mark she inflicts, my cock becomes fully erect and my mind becomes a little light. Is she bewitching me? Why can I not think straight? 

When the soft breath of her whisper reaches my ear, my hard cock takes over my rational mind. 

“Bear, you are fucking mine. You’ve been in me and you’re fucking stuck with me. I need you so bad, I’m so fucking horny for you.” My teeth grind together in an effort to control my body’s reaction, but nothing can stop me from shoving the hard cock between my legs into her waiting hole. It calls to me. It beckons me to enter its rightful place. I growl in frustration and newly unrestrained need as I grab onto her small frame and plunder her with a force I can’t seem to control. The thought angers me. The fact that I am not in control. 

My body seems to have a mind of its own as I chase something I don’t seem to understand. The tension in my gut increases as my hips drive into her with more urgency. Groaning into her soft shoulder, my eyes burn with hellfire as the cock between my legs releases the pressure it was holding back. I feel weakened. My rational mind coming back to the forefront tells me I should be suspicious of this. Why does she weaken me? Was this all a ploy? What does this human have in store for my kingdom? Have I become a fool to a simple human female?

The memory plays behind my eyes in the slowest of motions like it was only a moment passed. The curse of the hedonistic demon I devoured is now coming to life and rising at the thought of Reese’s soft body against mine.

My anger flares as I toss the abomination in my grip behind me. I roar at Asmore and his fondling for triggering a memory I should have buried deeper. Asmore, being the demon he is, glows gold as he releases his climax on the ground right before he flashes out of my presence. 

I grind my teeth in frustration at his quick thinking, my jaws slowly closing itself back. It would not be good for me to lose my temper once more and devour a demon of lust. My mind is already out of my control, my rage overpowering my rational thoughts.

Flashing to the large body of water that holds vehicles that float on the waters in the human realm, my scythe reaps the souls of a sinking rectangular metal box containing the lives of fifty human females and unborn children who have been trapped inside during transport. The human trading of their own kind gone awry. I do not waste the opportunity to devour the entire container of dying flesh, down to the last female who is with child.

I feel the itch of my own flesh crossing over my frame right before I flash back.



Chapter 19

REESE


I couldn’t find Quasi when I came out of the shower. That’s strange. I wonder where he went off to? He probably has some demon pup things to do for all I know. Maybe he’s a guardian of something? Thinking about his coordination, I take that back. That pup wouldn't be able to guard anything. He’d probably chase something sideways and fall over a cliff. What a horrible way to go. It’s a good thing he’s a demon pup because that means he can’t die, right? How sad would that be? I’d be devastated. I hope he’s alright. My anxiety over his possible death dies down the more I think about what he is. I mean, he lasted this long before meeting me. I’m sure he’ll find his way back, right?

Getting dressed and ready for bed, giving my Quasi the benefit of the doubt, I think back on the day. What was going on in Isaac’s mind? What does it mean? Was it something innocent? Did it mean something more? I suck at this people relation stuff. I can’t seem to read anything correctly thanks to dear old Daddy making my life a living hell. I never was able to experience the normal things teenage children were supposed to experience.

I climb into bed to lie down, feeling a little sad that my pup isn’t here to share it with me. Another new experience for me. Hopefully, those stupid like demon babies found him and are taking care of him for me in the meantime.

Thinking of experiences makes me think of Bear and my heart constricts. Why? Why does my heart still react so? I need to get him out of my head. The ache in my heart is enough to last me two lifetimes. It’s been well over a decade and the hurt still feels like it just happened yesterday.

Closing my eyes, I feel my tears dripping onto my pillow before I succumb to sleep.



Isaac picked me up at 6:00 am today, about thirty minutes earlier than usual. He texted me and gave me an hour’s heads up at least, allowing me to get ready before he arrived.

Yawning into the back of my hand as I get into the passenger seat, Isaac chuckles under his breath from the passenger door.

“I know it’s early for you, Reese. I just wanted to take you out to breakfast, is all. You’ve been working so hard with my father; you never take the time out for yourself. So that’s what we’re doing today. I hired a temp for today.” Isaac closes my door and walks over to the driver’s side. My eyes are blinking rapidly as I try to dismantle the bomb he just dropped on me. He hired a temp? Why would he do that? What does this mean? Am I not doing a good enough job? Am I going to get fired? I need this job!

When Isaac situates himself and closes his door, I turn to him.

“Why would you do that? What did I do wrong? Am I being fired? Is this a soft way of firing me? By taking me out to breakfast? I swear I’ll try harder! I need his job, Isaac!” My heart is racing. Just when my life was going smoothly, don’t do this to me!

“Woah, honey. Slow down a bit. You didn’t do anything wrong.” He’s chuckling again and the hairs on the back of my neck stand up. Is he joking right now? He’s lying, that’s why he’s laughing at me!

I must look like my head is about to explode, because that’s exactly how it feels. Isaac places both of his hands on either of my shoulders as he starts breathing in and out slowly, wanting me to follow suit. His hands are warm, and the pressure grounds me.

I do just that. I breathe in through my nose and out through my mouth until the erratic beating of my heart starts to slow to a steady rhythm.

“There. That’s better. Now let’s try this again. You’re not getting fired Reese, I wouldn’t dream of it. In fact, my father would probably rip me a new one from his hospital bed if I even thought of it. I just want to take you out today, do something good for you for all the good you’ve done for me. Is that okay?”

The tears that were in my eyes from earlier start to fall down my cheeks. I don’t know how to respond to this. I don’t know what I am supposed to feel. I feel confused, and I feel relieved. Why couldn’t he just give me a gift card or something? Why go through all of this for me? In fact, that’s exactly what I ask him.

“Isaac. I don’t need all of this. I can work. Just give me a gift card and call it a day.” Simple solution.

Isaac takes his hands off my shoulder to throw his head back and laugh. His laugh doesn’t end even after he starts the car and begins to drive out onto the road.

“Reese, this is why I love your company. I never know what to expect from you. You don’t react like any woman I’ve ever known...and that is such a refreshing thing.” He smiles a bright smile at me after telling me this. What does this mean? Is this a good thing? Or does this just furthers my theory of me being not normal? If it's not a good thing, why is he smiling like that?

Our conversation ends until we reach a cute little diner that reminds me of the old shows I used to watch at home in black and white.

Isaac opens my door and does something else that catches me by surprise. He holds my hand as we both walk into the restaurant. It makes me think of my childhood. It makes me think of Bear.

Once we’re seated inside, he continues to hold my hand in a warm, firm grip until we both sit down.

We both order a simple meal and the conversation starts flowing again. More so from Isaac’s side.

He’s learned to not ask much about my past or my family and instead chooses to ask about my likes and dislikes. I answer as best as I can. Some of these things I don’t even have an answer to because I never really thought much about it. Isaac seems to laugh when my answers are short. What is so funny? I do kind of like the way his brown eyes sparkle when he laughs, though. He gets these little crow’s feet that make him look more appealing.

Am I really thinking this? Thinking of someone other than Bear as appealing? I smile at the appropriate times, but my mind is going over other things. Like why does it hurt to think that I’m checking out other people? Why does it feel like I’m betraying Bear? I shouldn’t feel that way at all, since he’s the one that left me hanging all those years ago. Yes, he showed up out of the blue when I was on a date with Josh. Snuck in there like a damn snake as he stole another kiss from me. My cheeks heat up at the thought of the kiss, despite the lips belonging to someone else. Why does it affect me so much? It was the first time he initiated something with me. It was strangely empowering and flattering. But my heart...my heart just can’t forgive the way he left me.

“Reese. Reese, honey, are you there?” I blink a few times, trying to see if I can remember what he was talking about. I can’t. Shit.

“I’m sorry, I was just thinking about something.” Best be honest with him. No point in lying.

Isaac gives me another smile. “I can see that.”

I sip the straw of my soda to try and hide my embarrassment. 

“So what’s his name and what did he do?”

Coughing and spluttering, I almost choke on my drink. What the hell?

Once my throat clears enough, I ask, “I’m sorry?”

“Reese, I’m not a young buck. I’ve been around the block a few times and had my heart broken in the process along the way. I can take a good guess where your mind is in addition to the fact that a wonderful woman like you chooses to remain single.”

“I-I- uh..”

“It’s alright. I didn’t mean to pry.” Isaac reaches over the table and puts his warm hand over mine. It’s the strangest thing. This is what people do on dates, right?

“Whoever he is, he’s a lucky bastard. Well, not so lucky since he let you get away. I’m up for the challenge if you’ll let me?” My face feels like it’s a hundred degrees hotter, and I excuse myself from the table, mumbling something about needing to go pee.

His soft chuckle echoes in my mind all the way to the back of the restaurant where the restrooms are located.

Taking a deep breath, I look at myself in the mirror. What is wrong with me? Why can’t I act right on dates? Why does Bear have to consume my damn thoughts all the time? Why does he continue to torture me? No one else is in the restroom, thank goodness. I probably look like a loon as I continue to mumble under my breath at my own reflection. This is how it starts, doesn’t it? Insanity? Is this what Mama did before she decided to bring her gun? Ugh! I don’t need to bring my past misery back to the table. I shake my head to dispel my thoughts before I go to leave the restroom.

The date with Isaac ended on a positive note. That note being, I didn’t lose my job but rather just had a nice day off instead. Isaac drove to the front of my apartment and insisted he walks me to my front door. I don’t know how to handle these things, so I just nodded. 

When we reached my apartment, he places his hand on the door beside my face and leans in. My heart is racing as my mind goes back to when Cameron did the same thing. I try to calm myself by mentally repeating Isaac’s name to erase Cameron from my mind, but in the end, I quickly turn my face to the side, making Isaac land his kiss on my cheek instead. Chicken.

Isaac, being who he is, only chuckles and gives me another peck for good measure before he turns to walk back to his car.

Once I get on the other side of my apartment door, I let out a breath and lean back against it. What am I going to do? What if Isaac likes me more than I like him? How will this affect our relationship as an employee and employer? Isn’t there something about not dating your boss? He’s handsome enough, charming and all that jazz but…

Bear’s face comes to mind, and I scream behind closed lips. Why? WHY? Dammit all!



Chapter 20

REESE


The next day at work goes by quickly. As quick as it can, anyway.

“Reese’s pieces girl! I haven't taken a shit in three days, what’s wrong with a brotha? Help me! I don’t care if you have to stick whatever it is you stick up my asshole. I want this shit out!” Just another day in this household.

Laughing, I finish up Mister Clyde’s lunch in the kitchen, making sure to add a stool softener pill to his cocktail of pills.

Once he’s done eating and taking his medicine, I sit on the chair by his bed and start reading to him out of his favorite book: The Art of War.

You can take the soldier out of the war, but you can't take the war out of the soldier sometimes. Well, in this case, the sailor.

This is some dry reading but I do it for him since it seems to calm him after tirades like the one he had today about his poop issue.

The stool softener worked, and then it made me work. Lord, it was an adult version of a blowout and I was up to my elbows in it as I tried my best to clean Mister Clyde so he doesn’t end up with a bedsore from excessive moisture.

It doesn’t help that all he would do is scream, “My ass! It’s coming right for ya!” every time he thinks he’s going to let another one out during the cleaning process. The entire room smells like utter...shit.

Reese: 0
Mister Clyde’s ass: 1

Opening all the lower level windows in the house to air out the smell, I had to take a quick shower and borrow some of Isaac’s clothes since Mister Clyde's blowout won the battle this round.

Making sure I closed all the windows back after getting cleaned up, I sit in the chair beside his bed and tilt my head back, closing my eyes to rest for a bit. After a long beat of silence, I hear Mister Clyde’s voice.

“Don’t think I don’t see you fucking standing there. I ain’t going, no way in hell. I’m fucking staying right here.” Eh?

I open my eyes and look around. Who the hell is he talking to? When I turn to look at Mister Clyde, his eyes are glued to the far, dark corner of his room. There’s nothing there but shadows. He must be getting senile. How long do men usually live anyway?

Going back to my previous position, I close my eyes again. Thank goodness Mister Clyde always makes sure the house is at about seventy degrees even. Any higher, and I would be sweating bullets by now. It feels like I must have knocked out for a few minutes, because the sound of the front door opening makes me jerk awake, giving me a little crick in my neck. Damn.

“Hey, Dad. Hey...wow Reese. You look good in my shirt.” Is my face heating up? Why does that statement sound so wrong? I’m a little frazzled as I straighten myself up in the chair. I put both of my palms against my face to try and cool it down before I answer.

“Ah..sorry, I had some problems during one of the tasks. Had to clean up and borrow some clothes. I promise to bring it back clean tomorrow.” Was it rude of me to take his clothes? Maybe I should have borrowed some of Mister Clyde’s.

Isaac laughs, as he always does when I’m around. Half the time I don’t even know what it is he finds so funny.

“Laugh it up son, it was world war three up in this place, first with my ass impacted and then on fire from it, shooting out uncontrollably like a damn rookie on a machine gun.”

Isaac really laughs then. Lord, help me around these men.

Once Isaac wipes the tears off his face from laughing so hard, he tells me to gather my things so he can take me home.

When we get there, Isaac takes one of my hands in his and kisses the back of it before he gives me a sly grin and gets out of the driver’s side door. What is with this guy? Once he opens the door for me, he grabs my hand again and leads me to my front door.

I am honestly too tired for this. Whatever this is, we’re doing. I just want a bath to wash the day away.

When we reach my front door, it's like deja vu all over again. But this time, I’m too tired to think and too tired to fight. When his lips touch mine, they’re soft and warm. He’s tentative the first two seconds before his confidence and experience take over. My mind is a bowl of mush and I don’t know what I should do with my hands. The smell of him surrounding me and intoxicating my already weary mind.

Before I can even make a decision on where to place my hands, Isaac pulls away and smiles at me. I’m still processing how I should feel.

“That wasn’t so bad, was it? You taste divine, Reese.”

The moment the statement leaves his lips, I feel a breeze pass my face, and the look in his eyes change. Something happened.

His face turns into a snarl and then it’s gone. Both of his hands grab my face again for a kiss I wasn’t prepared for. It’s searing, it’s heady and I’m lost in it. It’s so dominant and so arousing. A moan escapes my lips, and he devours it before it can even be heard. His tongue dances with mine, and my heart feels like it's stuck in my throat. I’m so nervous, I’m so excited and I want more.

When he starts to pull away, he nips my lips and licks the bottom lip with such slow seduction I can’t help but gasp. Is my pussy clenching?

I don’t know when I closed my eyes but when I open them again, I see Isaac’s eyes dance with flames right before it disappears. It can’t be.

Isaac shakes his head a few times and smiles at me.

“I’ll see you tomorrow morning. Goodbye, Reese.”

I watch as he walks back to his car, shaking his head a few times. My stomach is full of butterflies, and my heart feels like it's about to explode in more ways than one.

Chapter 21

BEHERAA


I almost didn’t make it. The souls that called to me in the desert lands took longer than expected. The bomb explosion took half the town. I flashed to Reese’s abode right when I was done escorting the innocent to where they needed to be. 

She wasn’t there. The two blasted sprites were the only ones to greet me, and my mind filled with fury. That is, until they kept stumbling over themselves and pointing to the door behind me. When it finally occurred to me what they were trying to communicate, I flashed to the other side of the door and witness something that made my chest constrict and burn.

My insides felt like they were decaying in vats of acid as I watched the human male remove his lips from Reese. My hands itched to remove his soul and send it to the deepest depths of my caverns when my mind gave me a different solution. A better solution.

Pulling a little of his essence, I grab hold of it and enter his flesh. Using what I learned from the last time I performed this act, I pushed his consciousness to the back and completely take over his body.

Reese seemed she was already receptive to more advances, and the thought made my insides churn, but at the same time elated since she won’t see my own courting coming. If she is now accepting male courting, then I will have to make sure I am the only one she sees.

Grabbing her face with the force of my anger, I steal a kiss from her waiting lips. I am lost. I am consumed. I feel a need so deep it confounds me. She is mine. How dare this male think to try his wiles on her?

I make sure to give her a kiss that steals the breath out of her very soul the same way she’s done to me all those years ago. But in my mission to lure her to me, I become lost in our dance of the tongues. How does she do this to me? How does she take my control from under me when I least expect it? Why does it not bother me as much as it should?

When the kiss ends, I find the emotion of greed takes over me, and I nip her lips for just another taste. But alas, a nip just isn’t enough. She tastes too damn tempting, too damn good for me to stop. My tongue steals another taste that will hold me off until I can come to her and make her understand her place belongs with me. How I wish the time was upon us, but this process of becoming corporeal is getting on my very last nerve. I need more souls; I need to consume more flesh. 

Once the thought enters my mind, I’m determined to get it done as quickly as I can. I flash out of the human flesh I have possessed and find myself in a warehouse where some other petty rivalry is happening between what humans call ‘gang warfare’. I do not allow them to finish their squabble as I have a timeline I need to keep to. My Scythe takes a wide swing and my jaws open up to devour the thirty males before me.



Chapter 22

REESE


I go to work the next day in a daze.

Bear.

It was Bear. 

Those eyes, it has to be him. There was a contrast to Isaac’s initial kiss, and the eyes answered my question.

He slipped in again and for once; I didn’t feel like punching the fucker in the throat. That kiss. THAT KISS. I squeeze my legs together to try and stifle the ache, sitting in this chair beside Mister Clyde’s bed as he takes a nap. Ugh! Why does he do this to me?

That was the kiss I never knew I needed. That was the kiss from Bear I never knew he was capable of. My body tingles from my head all the way to between my legs, and I hate it. I hate that he does this to me. Why can’t he just let me move on? 

Maybe you don’t want to move on.

Ugh! Fuck you brain! Stop that shit!

Where did Bear learn to kiss like that? The way his lips and tongue dominated me, turning me into complete putty in his hands. The more I question it, the more pissed I get. Where the fuck did he learn to kiss like that? If I find out he’s been practicing on other human females, I’m going to fucking kill him! Just the thought of other females with their lips and hands on him kills me on the inside. My heart is aching again, the pain resurfacing from the opening of old wounds and the possibility of new ones. I’m once again reminded of why I was pissed at him in the first place. Fucker!

I never did get that bath I planned. Fucking Bear, messing that up too. Where the hell did Quasi go? Does he know who Bear is?

“Reese’s pieces girl! I got the worst cramp right now. Fuck! Maybe I need to turn over. Turn me over, girl! Get a damn flat shovel out of the garage if you have to! My damn stomach!”

I get up and grab his left side by the shoulder blade and by his hip. Getting down into squat form, I start to turn him slowly when Mister Clyde lets out the nastiest, loudest fart known to humankind. I drop him back onto the bed and fall back in my chair in a fit of laughter.

After cussing at me like a ...fucking sailor, Mister Clyde starts to join in on the laughter.

Damn, I needed that laugh.



It’s been a damn long day at work. I didn’t let Isaac walk me to my door this time. That last kiss is still seared into my brain and I just can’t put it together with Isaac’s face, I just can’t. I just want to wash away the memory of that kiss. Scrub it out of my mind with fucking steel wool.

The moment I get home and lock the door behind me, I’m already stripping off my clothes as I walk towards the adjoining restroom to my bedroom. 

The sound of the water rushing into the tub sends my mind and body into an instant calm, the way white noise on the TV used to send my mother into calm when I would fall asleep on the floor after my cartoons would be done. I can’t wait to get in this bubble bath. It’s been a long time since I had one, something I need to remedy. My mind has been tumultuous lately.

Turning off the water, I slowly step into the tub, letting the warmth cocoon me. Losing track of time, I find myself drifting off when a strange sound in the distance startles me. What was that? Mama always told me that being a single, independent woman would put a target on my head. It still didn’t stop me from doing just that. That was before she threw me away like yesterday’s trash after finding out what Daddy’s been up to behind her back. I lost my mother in more ways than one that day.

Getting out of the tub, the sound of water sloshing off my body makes me inwardly cringe. If someone broke into my house, they would have definitely heard that. Leaning my hand onto the sink counter to grab my towel, my hand slips a bit, inadvertently knocking the dental floss that has partially found some of the string under my palm. The box of floss slides across the sink and down to the ground, extending the string of floss way beyond what I would have used in a week. Dammit. Can I be any noisier? I wonder if it’s Quasi? I haven’t seen him in a while. Shit, I wonder if he’s alright and if someone’s taking care of him wherever he is. He should be here with me.

Wrapping myself in a towel, I try to tiptoe slowly towards the bedroom. I thought I was being slick when a large dark form blocks the doorway. My heart stops as I halt my movements to look up - and up - at who broke into my apartment. The figure is shrouded in a cloak, and I can’t see his face. It looks like a male because of how broad his shoulders are. He’s huge and towering. There is a cool chill that emanates off his body as well, and it makes my wet body shiver.

When his hand shoots out towards me, I stumble back and fall on my ass. The pain brings me quickly back to the moment, reminding me that my hand hit something on the way down. When I look, I see the floss that dropped earlier. With a split-second decision, I grab it and hide it behind me. 

The figure’s cloak starts to dissipate before my very eyes, and in front of me is a vision from my childhood nightmares. He crawls towards me in such a slow motion that my mind plays tricks on me. His skin, what skin he does have, is stretched into strings across his skeletal body at sporadic parts, and the glow behind his eye sockets reminds me of the nights I woke up in tears for my loss. I feel my anger rising and I kick out towards his chest to get him away from me, but the quick bastard grabs my foot with his hand before it can make contact. He tsks as he continues his crawl towards me. My towel has unraveled itself and fallen open, presenting my naked body to him like a damn war prize. I can feel the cooled droplets of water trace down between my breasts, the lingering steam in the room and his very presence making it almost hard to breathe. 

When my mind catches up, I become furious and throw the dental floss at his face when it just flies right through him like he’s made of air. My tears are welling up in my eyes as my mind is brought back to each night he’s made me feel this way.

When the weight of his body covers mine, the chill that seeps into my very marrows makes me want to curl into myself. Goosebumps crawl along my skin everywhere his body makes contact with mine. I hate him, and I’m fucking pissed. His skeletal hand caresses my face and forces me to look at him when I really don’t want to, not again. Not like this. He feels too real and my heart aches. It aches like the first time all over again.

Turning my head away so he doesn’t get a front-row seat to my show of weakness, I feel his breath at the crook of my neck. A hot tongue brands me there as he continues his path towards the shell of my ear.

“I’ve missed you, Reese.”

My tears are burning now and with my eyes clamped shut, I start to pummel into his chest with my fists. Didn’t that stupid box of floss go right through him? I can’t fucking understand it, but right now I really could not care less because the feeling of my fists hitting his chest is somewhat satisfying and driving me to continue my assault. How dare he? After all this time? After being alone when I needed him the most? When my world was crumbling all around me and I thought to take my own life?

“You fucking missed me? That’s what you have to say to me, you bastard?! I needed you! I’m so fucking mad at you! You left me…” He’s already grabbed my hands and pinned them above me during my tirade. My tears are flowing down like rivers in a sob at the memory of the nightmare I had to face alone… without him.

His hot tongue licks my trail of tears as he nuzzles his face against my cheek, making my heart hurt even more, opening like a chasm.

“I would burn worlds for you, Reese. It took more blood, flesh, and souls than I realized to return to you, to be able to touch you like this and not be trapped in dreams and alternate realms.” What the hell is he talking about? “Human life is so fleeting. I had to battle with the amount of flesh I had to consume with how soon I could return to you. Blasted hellfires. I’m here now, and there’s nothing you can do to get rid of me. I’ve killed for you, Reese, and I would gladly kill more to keep you by my side.” His hot tongue enters my mouth in a strange devouring kiss and my heart stutters at his audacity. His lack of lips does nothing to stop the hunger burning inside of me for what he’s giving me. 

Where was he when I needed him to kill my father? My heart hurts, breaking for the lost girl caught in that moment in the past, for the scarred woman I've grown to be. The walls I’ve erected around myself to protect my heart can be heard crumbling the longer I’m in his arms like this, lost in the heat of his tongue dancing with mine. The heat of my anger cools with his cold touch on my skin as he presses his body onto me even harder, trapping me on the cool bathroom floor.

I hate that I missed him. I hate that he’s breaking down the cold heart I’ve created. I hate that I still need him and love him the way I do.

Chapter 23

BEHERAA


The amount of human flesh it took to make me corporeal enough was more than I initially anticipated. I unleashed all my lesser demons and sprites onto the unsuspecting humans and created another warzone in the desert lands. I did not get the chance to test and see if it was enough when the ache in my chest pulled me so tightly and flashed me to Reese’s abode. 

The sight before me made me want to rip my non-existent heart right out of my chest and bear it before her on my knees. The thought alone angers me that I crave to beg her, I crave to give her control over me when it should be me who controls her pathetic human existence!

But she bewitches me again when our tongues find each other. The confusion I used to find myself in clears more and more as I devour more flesh and reap souls. Is it human emotions that I consume as well? Does it penetrate me and rape my mind, making me become weak as a human is? Why does this thought not bother me as much as it would have before this little human female entered my life?

What was my existence before Reese? I cannot even recall. My thoughts have been consumed by Reese. She is my reason for existence. She is mine. It’s time I make her understand this.

Her tongue attempts to distract me from my thoughts, but I will not let her win this battle. I am the only victor. I am Beheraa!

As our tongues duel, I make sure to dominate her mouth into submission to let her know who is in control.

Trying not to lose concentration on the plan, I flash us both back to my bed chambers. A soft gasp escapes Reese’s lips and I nip at the bottom, one that always seems to tease my senses. It makes me greedy to taste her essence. Biting down again, her lips well up with crimson droplets. A growl escapes me before I use my tongue to lick it all up before it drops onto the sheets. Nothing of Reese shall be wasted here. No. It shall not be shared, either. I am sure some of the lesser demons in my realm are just waiting for fresh human flesh and blood to be splattered on these walls, creating a frenzy of lust and debauchery. The thought makes my eyes flame brighter.

Reese is mine. There will be no sharing of blood or flesh. My teeth bite down on her shoulder, my greed for her blood and taste consuming my thoughts. Her taste, by the hellfires, her taste is like nothing I’ve ever had.

The more blood that enters my mouth, the more my cock twitches in response. When the lust haze clears a bit, I recognize her little soft hands roaming my body. Does she feel the same way I do? She craved me once. Then she humiliated me and spurned me. I should be angry. I should punish her for her insolence and audacity to reject me… ME!

When her little tongue licks the side of my face, all thoughts of anger disappear and my cock takes over anything rational left in my mind.

I roar at myself for allowing her to affect me like this. She cannot have the upper hand again!

Pulling away from her, I grab her small body and turn her over onto her stomach. That should tame the beast inside of me. I need to keep her eyes and her expressions away from my sight. The patterns on her back create a beautiful picture. The sight of her hot and very wet center makes me lose my mind as if it hasn’t already been lost. Her scent of arousal drives me mad with need.

Grabbing the back of her neck to keep her pinned to my bed, my hips surge forward, out of my control. Her pussy is hot, dripping, and tight. Much tighter than I remember. She screams into the black sheets beneath her and it makes my hunger grow. I enjoy her screams.

My cock cannot seem to fit her, but it will not stop me. Leaning over her small frame, I pull my hips back and push forward again with more force. The moment I impale her to the hilt is the moment my body starts to move out of my control with pounding thrusts. It feels too damn good. Is it supposed to feel this good? What is this female doing to me? I’ve never longed to claim something so much. I’ve never craved to dominate something so much.

Her pussy squeezes me, and it makes me snarl into her shoulder. She’s so warm beneath me, my mind is in a red haze. The sounds of her flesh hitting my hips echo into the cavern walls, overshadowing the skittering sounds of sprites nearby watching the performance before them.

When her pussy releases more wetness, I hear her moan into the bed and my body starts to chase a race I didn’t know I was in. I need to hear more of her moans. I need to make her moan louder. My chest swells with pride at the fact that I am doing that to her. I am making her lose as much control as she seems to always make me do. A fitting punishment. To torture her the way she’s been torturing me. 

That blasted Asmore and his cock tugging. It did nothing for me! What curse is this that I cannot control my own phallus? I can’t stop the need. Not until now. This is where it is supposed to be, inside Reese’s waiting channel. Her womb is where I've always belonged, and I will make her understand this.

The shock of pleasure hits me like a ton of bricks. What is this then? What is happening? My body is moving out of some sort of ancient muscle memory with my thrusts, but when I look to where our bodies are united, I see that my little Reese is pushing back against me. Why does this feel so much better than my mere pounding? How does she do that?

Her hips start to twist with her pushes, and I can feel my body tightening in tension as I watch her seductive dance. A memory sparks in my mind. This has happened before. This has happened before with Reese. Lost in the sensation of her movements, my hand caresses her neck, only to notice I do not see her hands. Where are her hands?

Reese moans into the sheet as my eyes track her arm down in front of her body. What is this human female doing and why is her pussy pulsating on my cock? By the hellfires, what is this feeling? Reese gives a much deeper moan than I’ve ever heard come out of her at the same time her pussy seems to choke the life out of my phallus. A lightning strike of pleasure shoots down my back as my climax brings me to my damn knees, if I wasn’t there already. The feeling of my cock releasing its essence into her does something I never thought about before. It calms me. What I took as weakness before was actually the feeling of calm and serenity. I was a fool to think Reese would ever have nefarious plans for me. But I will never let her know this, she may use it against me. 

Reese’s body slowly slides down flat onto the bed beneath her and I do the same, refusing to separate us. The warmth of her body is something else I didn't know I needed. This is where she is supposed to be, beneath me and satiated from my dominion of her body and soul.



Chapter 24

REESE


Where am I? Why the hell is it so hot? The heat in my apartment doesn’t even work.

Hold. The. Fuck. Up.

Quickly sitting myself up on the bed, I rub my eyes and look around. I knew it! That slimy fucker! He tricked me and made me vulnerable, then he leaves me again! GAHHH!

I get out of the bed, looking around the bedchamber for something. The hot air that goes across my sweaty skin tells me I’m butt fucking naked, but I’m on a mission. I need to find something strong, something I can wield in my hands.

The sound of a raptor screech makes me turn around. Quasi?

He almost topples me over with his mad crooked dash to me, knuckles grazing my stomach and chest. I forget how big this pup is. Why does he feel so much heavier in this realm? 

“Quasi, baby. Find me something that looks like a bat. You remember my bat, right? It sat up in the corner of the house by your bone.” Quasi tilts his head back and forth a few times before he bumps his head against my chin and makes a mad dash somewhere.

Not wanting to waste time, I continue to look around the chamber for something, anything, to defend myself. My hands are roaming the craggy cavern walls in case there’s any sort of secret openings I’m not aware of.

The sound of something falling makes me turn around and I see a bunch of...little baby, gangly, ugly ass fuck demons topple over each other from around the corner. It seems there are multiple entrances to this room. I’ll have to remember that in the future.

When the first one sees me staring, he screeches, making me wince, and starts to push and roll the others away from me. I swear I hear them whisper ‘mistress’ as they run down the hallway away from me. I fucking don’t have time for this shit!

I’m crawling on hands and knees, searching, but all I find are some small bones the size of my fingers. This isn’t going to help me! Standing back up, I let out a sigh in frustration.

A raptor screech comes up from behind me before Quasi drops something large onto the ground by my feet with a sort of wet thump. If I wasn’t in the damn realm of the dead and hellfire, I would think I’m going out of my mind. But since I know for damn sure where this place is, I know for damn sure that Quasi just brought me back a large demon arm, still dripping blood and all. Fuck it, this will have to do.

Grabbing it by the wrist, the arm starts to wriggle and the fingers try to grab me back. What the everloving hell?! I bang it against the wall a few times, sending some droplets of blood across my face, to make it stop and it does thankfully.

Quasi lets out a raptor screech in a different pattern, making me turn around to see what’s got him agitated like that.

There, standing on the other side of the room, is a large figure that I’ve come to recognize like the back of my fucking hand. His commanding aura shrouding the entire room, but it does nothing to squelch the plan I already have in motion. He’s cloakless today, giving me a good view of all his glory. He looks different. Much different from the last time I saw him. He’s still mostly skeletal, his face still lacking lips. But the rest of his body has random stretches of skin over his bones like string cheese or maybe mauled flesh. There is no part of him that is completely covered. He’d never be able to blend in the human world, that’s for sure. His legs have grown some more quad muscles with exposed tendons, but not much to fully cover his femur bone. His cock. My god, his cock is impressive, and it is fucking glorious, but I will never tell him that. It’s at half-mast and there are missing pieces of skin like something vicious tore at it, exposing the angry flesh beneath it. It makes me fucking horny looking at it because I know exactly how it feels between my legs.

The thought makes me hot and angry all over again. This fucker decides he wants my time and then up and leaves me to wake up alone? Fuck. This. Shit. I’m tired of people walking all over me! I’m tired of ...of...beings walking all over me and my damn heart!

Bear walks towards me and I do the same, dragging this damn demon arm behind me. I can hear Quasi chewing on something and another screech from something else but I don’t care right now. I need to handle this shit before another moment of weakness arrives.

When we both reach the middle of the room, I quickly grab the demon arm with both of my hands and throw the hardest swing I’ve ever mustered….right at Bear’s face. Screaming like a banshee all while doing it because, why not? We’re in the realm of the dead and people are screaming all the time anyway.

Bear’s head detaches from his shoulders and hits the wall to the left of me, bouncing back onto the ground. All the while, Bear’s arms start to cross over his chest with his feet hip width apart, still standing there like it didn’t even happen.

I throw the stupid demon arm aside and start to pummel his chest again, screaming my frustration. Damn him for making me feel like this again! My knuckles start to hurt and tears are streaming down my cheeks, sticking to my lashes as I continue to kick, punch and scream at his unmoving body. Quasi is raptor howling behind me in tune to my screams as my assault slowly ebbs into sobs and I grip onto Bear’s exposed ribs and just cry, rubbing my forehead against him.

All I can hear is the sound of the rushing blood behind my ears like rolling rapids reflecting the way I feel inside. I don’t know how long I continue to shake and cry when I feel Bear’s arms go around me in a cocooning embrace. Since the fucker doesn’t have any flesh or clothes for me to wipe my tears and snot on, I have to use my arm before I bring my head back to see that his head has already reattached itself to its rightful place. This fucker!

I cry even more knowing that he took my rage and all the years of my heartache with stride. Why does he do this to me? Why do I love this fool? How can he want someone as broken as me?

Bear puts one hand under my ass and one on my back as he picks me up and places me onto the bed. I’m wiping my tears with my other arm when I feel him spreading my legs apart. I’m caught in another moment of weakness and I let him do what he pleases to see where he wants to take this, where he wants to take our relationship. Fuck. Is this a fucking relationship? I don’t know. I’ve never had one. It’s always been me and Bear. It seems it's always just going to be me and Bear. The thought doesn’t hurt me as much as it used to.

The feeling of his tongue swiping across my folds and then invading inside me makes my back bow a little off the bed. I didn’t expect that. No one’s ever done that to me before, down there. I didn’t know it could feel this way.

Bear must be on the same page as me because he seems like he’s just exploring as much as I’m exploring how he’s making me feel.

When his tongue swirls around my clit, my body automatically wriggles and I moan. Damn, that feels good. My tears have dried up and I’m mesmerized by the sight before me. The male I’ve come to love and crave like no other between my open legs. Bear stops for a second, and I’m about to cry in frustration when his tongue starts swirling around my clit with more vigor. His teeth start to nip at it and push against it, causing me to feel really damn good. When one of his skeletal fingers enters my pussy, I squeak in surprise and throw my head back. My breathing starts to get heavier as his fingers work its way in and out of my opening.

Bear is getting more confident by the minute by the way he laps at my clit and lower lips, playing my body the way he wants it to go, when he suddenly sticks a couple more of his fingers inside of me, thrusting into my wetness, never letting up on his tonguing. He shouldn’t be this good at this.

My body’s climb felt so quick and abrupt as my climax hit me like a sledgehammer, making my thighs squeeze the life out of Bear’s head. Fuck him, I’m sure he can take it. He’s dead anyway, right? My hips start to thrust into his face and writhe as his tongue and fingers continue his ministrations, wringing out moan after moan out of me. As my leg muscles continue to squeeze his head and I start to wonder if the grim reaper even needs to breathe. When the waves of my climax finally start to die down, my legs slowly part and release him from my vice grip.

I lay here, trying to catch my breath, staring at the ceiling. My muscles feel relaxed even though my heart is still beating erratically. I don’t feel as angry as I initially was when I woke up, finding myself alone. Damnnit, but now that I’m thinking of it, my anger is creeping towards escalating back to what it once was. I’m about to chew him a new one when his body climbs over mine and covers me. He just covers me, laying on top of me like a damn heavy cold blanket. I don’t know what the hell he is doing until his hands start to caress my face and neck.

The tears that come out of me this time fall slowly without wracking sobs as a slurry of new emotions wash over me. Is he...is he…cuddling me?

“Reese.” Is he nuzzling my chest right now? Why does that make my heart feel more full than it already is?

“You are mine, Reese. You’ve always been mine; it just took me longer than it should have to realize it. Now that I have you, you are never leaving me. I would burn worlds for you, Reese.” My god, if that's not the most romantic thing I’ve ever heard out of this bastard’s mouth.

“The lives I’ve devoured are nothing in comparison to what I would do if I find another male seek your favor. They will all die and be dragged down to my kingdom to be tortured for the rest of eternity. You will have no other but me, Reese. This I command you.” I’m flattered, flabbergasted, appalled, and strangely horny all at once. Damn, he’s good.

“You command me, huh? Let me fucking ask you something, mister.” I push his shoulders off me so I can see his face and point my finger right where his nose should have been.

I know I’m being irrational, but I feel what I feel. “How the fuck did you learn to kiss like that, hmm? If you fucking lie to me, I swear I’m going to not just knock your fucking head off your shoulders but tear you limb from limb!” Green is not my color, apparently.

Why is he groaning? I can feel my face scrunching up in confusion. What the fuck is this?

“How do you bury yourself so deep in my essence? Your words make my cock come back to life and the blasted thing has a mind of its own as it is.” He’s already moving his hips as he tells me this, pushing said hard cock against me, bumping my clit, seeking my entrance again. He’s fucking trying to distract me!

“Tell me! You fucking tell me right now! Where did you learn to kiss like that Bear! I’m going to fucking kill you!” I start punching his chest and slapping his stupid skull face that doesn’t give me any expressions to let me know what he’s thinking. 

He shoves his cock into me and at the same time, he grabs my wrists against the bed at either side of my head. I gasp at his invasion because fuck, not counting our last session, I haven’t had sex since the last time I jumped him and I feel like a damn born-again virgin every time he enters me. The fullness is exquisite, the stretch on the verge of painful, but he still hasn't answered my question!

He brings one of my wrists to his mouth and licks along my veins. Why is that so hot? Letting go of my hands, Bear manhandles my ass and forces my legs to wrap around him, bending my torso forward as he continues to bury himself as deep as he can go, making me feel like he’s hitting my damn liver and shit.

I should be mad right now. I should push him off me, but my pussy is saying yes to everything he’s doing. Traitor. Has sex always felt this good? Only with Bear...only with Bear...

Leaning in closer without missing his rhythm, he licks the shell of my ear and whispers, “I devoured a hedonistic demon and demon of greed in my pursuit of you. The thousands of human flesh and souls I’ve reaped have invaded my mind with human thoughts and emotions. Let me show you the knowledge of what I’ve accumulated on my path of destruction.”

Chapter 25

REESE


I love the fact that Bear is all over me, but I also hate the fact that he’s always popping in and out when he has to go reap souls...which is ALL THE DAMN TIME. I knew our relationship was going to be unconventional, but this is something else.

I have a job to go back to as well. What the fuck? He can’t expect me to stay here waiting like a fifties housewife. I mean, I miss him, but damn, I have a life I built up too. He can’t just decide that his job is more important than mine! Well, I guess it could be, but that’s not the point!

I’m walking around the realm down different winding cavernous hallways, getting lost. Who designed this place? I hear screams and cries, but I never find where they’re coming from. Every time I think I’m getting close. There’s a damn fork in the hallway and I get lost again. Ugh!

My eyes finally catch sight of a little tail peeking out one of the dark corners. Pouncing on it, I grab it and wrap it around my fist a few times tightly. It squeals like a demon pig and when I’m able to pull it out of its hole, that’s exactly what it looks like. A demon pig, with horns and missing half of his face, exposing his canines. How can he even make a squeal like that without half his face? Curiosities aside, I need to figure out how to get out of here.

“How do I get back to the human realm?” It even oinks a bit like a dying pig before it spits out something along the lines of ‘oora n aaz’. What the hell does that even mean?

Exasperated, I give the demon a good kick in the ass before I let go of his tail, watching it limp away on three legs. Crazy as shit. This place is going to drive me bonkers.

I tell myself fuck it and yell out, “OORA N AAZ!”

A poof and flash happen behind me, making me turn to catch the same two demons I found in my apartment the other day. Their entrance is kind of disturbing as I watch them detangle themselves from each other. How does that even happen?

“Amoora!”
“Araaz, Mistress!” What the fuck? Mistress?

I shake my head a bit to clear my thoughts. This place is just crazy and messed up. But I need to go back to work, I can’t lose my damn job! It’s not like I can bring in a doctor’s note saying I was too sexed up to show up to work for however long I've been gone. How long have I been gone? 

Grabbing the two demons before me by the throat, I snarl into their face.

“Take me back.”

We poof into my apartment and I drop them onto the floor, listening to their coughing fit as I look around the living room for my purse. Not finding it, I walk into my kitchen to look on my counter. Ah-ha!

Grabbing my phone out of my purse, I wake it up with a tap on the screen. Ugh! I’ve been gone three days, two of which are weekend days. That means I missed one day of work. There’s a couple of missed calls and messages from Isaac. Tapping my voicemail, I stand in my kitchen impatiently while the message plays on speaker.

“Reese! Are you alright? Did something happen? You didn’t answer your door this morning. I figured maybe Dad tired you out or you're sick or something. If I don’t see you tomorrow, I’ll bring some chicken soup for ya. Feel better, Reese.”

I click the next message. 

“Reese, I know I called this morning, but I can’t stop thinking about you. How you put up with my dad all day is beyond my comprehension. You must have the patience of a damn saint. Dad keeps asking about you and I don’t know what to tell him...I miss you, Reese. I didn’t know how much I looked forward to seeing you every morning and evening. Call me back soon, yeah?”

I stare at my phone so long it goes back to sleep. Letting out a long sigh, I rub my temples as I make it to my bedroom for a nap. How am I going to do this? Isaac is a nice guy who seems to really have a thing for me. If Bear didn’t barge back into my life, it possibly could have grown into something between us. Maybe?

But Bear is back, and damn if I don’t feel possessive of the fact that the fucker is mine. I still need this job, though. I can’t just live in Bear’s bedchambers forever. Plus, I’m human, for crying out loud. What happens when I’m all old and rusty and he doesn’t want my ass anymore? Shit, I really need this job. I need to be able to live a normal human life.


Chapter 26

REESE


I’m up and ready well before Isaac knocks on my door. I only let him knock once before I open it to reveal Isaac standing there with his fist still in the air, ready to knock again.

His eyes do a slow roam over my entire body before coming back up to my face. It makes me feel weird.

“Are you okay? What happened yesterday?” Oh, where do I begin?

I open my mouth to throw out an excuse, but I get cut off by a tight hug from Isaac. He squeezes me tight, picks me up, and spins me around.

“Damn, I missed you.” The kiss he gives me on the lips catches me off guard that my mind blanks for a few seconds before I realize I can’t even push him off me because his hug has my arms locked to my sides.

When he pulls away from me with a big toothy smile, I clear my throat and try to speak nicely. “Can you put me down, please? Sorry about Monday, I was a bit...occupied. I’m fine now and ready for work.” Hopefully, my fake smile isn’t coming out like a grimace.

Thankfully, he does as I request, without too much resistance. Isaac laughs as I lock my apartment door and walk with him back to his car. 

When we make it through his front doors, I hear a voice I’ve actually come to miss in my little hiatus.

“Fucking hell! Boy, that better be you bringing Reese’s pieces back to me. I can’t stand your sorry ass and you can’t clean me for shit! I should shit on you just for giggles. Fuck! Where’s my caregiver, boy!?”

I laugh out loud then because this cantankerous old fool grows on you like a shit stain that won't come out of your tighty whities. I laugh even louder at my internal comparison and Isaac swings his face to me, his eyes sparkling and curious.

“I’m back, ya old coot. Hold your horses!” I leave Isaac’s side and start on my caregiving duties.

“Fucking about damn time, woman! Do not let that boy near my balls again!” Oh dear lord, do I even want to know?



Isaac brought his work home today or something of that nature. He’s in the house with us, but in his office upstairs on his laptop while I’m downstairs with this cranky fucker.

Mister Clyde is rambling on about all the things his son was doing wrong yesterday while I’m fixing him a light lunch, organizing his pills for the day. The sound of his voice and ramblings is like the white noise on the TV. It brings a small comfort of familiarity.

“Reese’s pieces girl! Tell that knucklehead boy to give you a damn raise so you don’t ever leave me again! I can’t take that shit and, I shit quite a lot. That boy doesn’t know his head from his toes. His hands were placed all wrong and he gave me a crick in my neck when he turned me!” I never knew old men could pout, but here we are. A full-blown pout on his wrinkled old face.

Maneuvering his hospital bed up to forty-five degrees, I help Mister Clyde eat his food without choking. He takes his pills with gusto as I bring the bottle of water with his favorite straw in it to his waiting lips.

“Reese’s pieces, my girl. I’m damn fucking glad you’re giving my sorry ass another chance. Sorry for whatever I did to chase you away. I may be an old dog, but an old dog that can still learn new tricks, ya hear? Just slap me upside the head if I get on your nerves.” I laugh and pat the back of his hand that’s resting on his belly.

Keeping his bed at the forty-five degree angle to let his food settle, I go to sit on the chair by his bed to read his favorite book to him. The sound of my own voice drones on reading this dry book as his breathing starts to slow. I make sure to bookmark the page once I hear his snores start sawing.

Standing up to stretch the kinks out of me from sitting so long in one position, I go to look for Isaac in case he wants me to make him some lunch as well. He’s been locked away in that office from the moment he dropped me off this morning. I’m sure he’s starving. Softly knocking on the door that’s slightly ajar in case he’s in a conference call or something, I peek in.

Isaac turns in his nice leather office chair towards the door and waves me in. The large wooden desk he sits behind makes him look really important. He doesn’t look too busy at the moment, so I softly close the door behind me so as to not wake up his father.

“Hey, Isaac. Did you want me to make you a sandwich or anything?” The smile that graces his lips is blinding. Good grief, it’s just a sandwich. Calm down.

“Hell fucking yes. You are like a dream. Taking care of my cranky-ass father, coming in here asking if I need food. Where the hell have you been all my life, Reese? You are the perfect woman in a small and very beautiful package.” Why is he looking at me like that?

Gosh, that’s a bit much. No need to lie like that. One compliment would have been enough.

“Uh..alright then, what kind of sandwich would you like me to make?” This moment is making me feel weird.

Isaac gets up from his chair and rounds his desk in a hurry, coming towards me. I’m kind of taken aback by his speed that I feel myself physically take a step back right before the moment he grabs me in a tight embrace. What is up with this guy and his liberties?

I feel a breeze come through, blowing some of the strands of my hair into my face, the sound of papers flying off the desk, and by the time I toss my head to the side to get the hair out of my face, I drop to the floor on my ass. Ouch. Rubbing said ass, I look up to see Isaac clutching his neck and scratching until there are red bloody welts. The sight before me sparks a memory in the back of my head and I start getting fucking pissed.

“Bear!” I’m whisper yelling because I still don’t want to wake up Mister Clyde.

Some chitter-chatter and screeches whisper in the air as I see glimpses of the stupid little demons that brought me back to the human realm.

Bear suddenly appears before me, but all I see is his powerful, towering back, blocking the sight of Isaac from me. He’s giving off a menacing aura, even if it’s not directed at me. It’s making it almost stifling in this room.

The strangest thing happens in front of my eyes. Bear’s body starts fucking growing exponentially. It’s eerie and morbidly fascinating at the same time. I can’t stop staring. I should do something but my body won’t move. He still has his hood on, so I can’t see much but the general shape of him as he hunches down like that hunchback cartoon. Then, disturbingly, the sound of a crunch echoes to my ear.

“The lives I’ve devoured are nothing in comparison to what I would do if I find another male seek your favor. They will all die and be dragged down to my kingdom to be tortured for the rest of eternity. You will have no other but me, Reese. This I command you.”

Oh, no. Fuck! Is Bear eating Isaac?! I’m appalled and turned on at the same time. Dammit all to hell!

“Bear, don’t you dare!” I lift my hand to reach out to him, but who am I kidding, what the hell can I do?

The continuous sounds of crunches tell me he very much dares. Dammit! When Bear turns towards me, his skeletal face is full of crimson blood splattered from his mouth all down the front of his cloak and down to the floor. Dammit! He stares at me for a few moments as I watch his tongue peek out and swipe at the blood seductively across his teeth. My pussy clenches at his actions while my mind tries to keep my wayward thoughts straight. What am I going to tell old man Clyde?! What the hell?!

The chitter-chatter screeches of the little demons fade into the air as Bear starts to stalk me in his expanded form. I start stepping back in a circle to give me more leeway to move, and Bear steps one foot forward for every foot I step back. It’s tantalizing and it shouldn’t be, this dance we’re doing. My heart is starting to speed up, in fear or anticipation?

The closer Bear gets to be, the more he shrinks down to his normal size, which is still pretty damn big. His eyes are burning with something I can’t name, pulling me in and seducing me. The next step I take makes me trip backward on something and the last thing I see is Bear pounce on me before I hit the ground.




Chapter 27

BEHERAA


The male tastes of lust and desperation. He tastes of competition and death. I will not stand for his wiles to be placed on my female. Mine! He dares!? It is no matter because he is no more and his soul will be reaped to the very depths of my most depraved caverns just because I will it so. I may just see to his torture myself, innocent soul be damned.

The look in Reese’s eyes calls to me. She is excited for the hunt and she knows she will be my prey. I will gladly devour any male that stands in my way. Reese is mine!

Her foot steps back and trips on a book lying on the floor of this room. I jump towards her, grabbing her tightly in my cold embrace as I flash us back to the realm of the dead and lost.

She lands on our mattress of black satin sheets, our home. My nose nuzzles her neck, smearing her skin in crimson streaks before my teeth pierce her skin to taste her exquisite blood. No other compares to the taste of her. She tastes of...mine.

But I do not let her feminine wiles and moans distract me from the punishment I have in store for her. Punishment for allowing that blasted male to touch her! To touch what is mine! I raise my head to tangle my tongue with hers, lulling her into a false sense of security as I flash us to one of the unused chambers of torture.

She is chained to an X post with her back facing outwards for my pleasure. The sprite I had waiting hands me a cat-o’-nine-tails whip as I proceed to give her the first lash. Watching the way her body writhes with its kiss, it makes me hunger for something I cannot name. The red welts that rise from her skin call to me, adding to the beauty of her back. My cock starts to stand at attention, my tongue licking my teeth in anticipation of her taste.

What makes me want to claw my non-existent heart out is the fact that she moans against her gag. She moans, making this cursed phallus react instantly. Blasted hell! This woman will be the death of me!

Giving her five more lashes, watching the blood trickle down the crack of her ass cheeks, my cock starts to painfully strain against its skin with how hard it’s become.

When she moans again and tries to speak, my blasted phallus convinces me to remove her gag to hear what she has to say to her punishment.

My hands caress the back of her neck as I unclip the gag from her mouth, listening to the ball fall to the ground with a soft thump. I let my hands continue to travel down the front of her until it caresses the soft mounds on her chest. She is too damn soft for the likes of me. Too damn everything for the likes of me, and unluckily for her, I’m never letting her go. Her little nipples peak, and my fingers start to play with them automatically.

Her intake of air makes my cock jump and my whispered name makes my cock leak in anticipation. The sound of my name on her lips whispered like a prayer does things to me.

“Make no mistake, Reese. I will gladly devour every last male that stands in my way. You are mine and mine alone.”

I can’t stand the sight of her, spread for my very eyes to feast on in pleasure and so I drag my tongue across and down her open wounds, lapping up the essence she leaks freely for my taking. Her hiss makes me take a hard bite out of the asscheek before me, making her cry out in pleasure. I make sure to lick up all her crimson offerings before it even gets a chance to touch the ground.

Blasted hellfires! Can I not punish this female at all?! It seems to be punishing me more than it is her!

I bring myself back to standing and hug her from behind, rubbing my forehead against her shoulder as I flash us back to the bed chambers with her beneath me, ramming my cock home. How dare that male think to take what is mine?!

I raise myself onto my knees as both of my hands wrap around the back of her neck squeezing my frustrations.

I need her to understand her place. Her place is beside me! ONLY ME!

My thrust becomes desperate, my hands becoming a vice grip. The longer I pound against her waiting flesh, the more I feel her getting wet for me and it makes me growl. How can her punishment make her react so? What has life thrown at my little Reese to make her perfect for my debauchery? And why do I crave it even more? Why do I crave her suffering and pleasure at the same time?

I can feel the life drain out of her and it makes me even harder. I slip my cock out of her wet pussy and shove it in her ass instead to inflict more pain because it feeds my desires. Desires I never knew I had. Only with Reese. Only with this blasted female who has stolen my attention in the worst and best ways. I crave her screams.

Her life starts to dim and I can physically see the bright flame of her soul leaving her. I roar in frustration for my need to reap her and for my need to make her mine for all eternity. But if I reap her soul, I will no longer be able to ravish her so and that thought alone sobers me.

Opening my jaws I pull in her essence while trying to consume her being from the inside out. Does a reaper have a soul? After all the human souls and flesh I have consumed, I shouldn’t be surprised at the turn of events when I attempt to take her as my very own. To become one with her.

Once half of her soul enters my body, it feels as if the pathetic excuse for a soul of my own entangles with hers in a dark embrace. They dance in a bright mix of blue and orange flames and something unexpected happens.

It fucking feels like my non-existent heart is torn asunder, divided into the smallest of pieces. Our essence comes together like two fucking immaculate beings coming together to make love. Love? Is this what I feel at this moment? It burns me, it makes my chest ache and I am still full of fury from what I witnessed between my female and the human male I devoured. 

Needing to feel her wetness around me again, I pull out to reinsert myself where my cock belongs. Home inside her wet cunt. The cunt that belongs to me.

The thought of Asmore enters my mind and my cock begins to expand, changing shape to match my rage.

But the blasted female beneath me only continues to moan and writhe in pleasure as I plunder and ravage her pussy with the spikes that have grown around the head of my phallus. Extra external filaments and tentacles around my shaft start to insert themselves into her waiting channel and the blasted female dares to climax around it all. Hellfires! It does something to me, to know she accepts everything I have to give her, everything I have to throw at her in my..in my... tantrum of jealous rage.

The feeling of her pussy pulling my cock in a vice grip makes me roar in frustration and relief as my climax bathes her insides with my seed. Damn it all to hell!



Chapter 28

REESE


What the hell is happening right now? I went from about to fall on my ass in Isaac’s office watching Bear’s bloodstained face come towards me, to getting the love bite of my fucking life on our bed of black sheets, to a kiss that makes my legs weak, to a damn torture chamber of sex secrets making my pussy weep. Daddy’s whipping sessions have made me numb to these pathetic excuses for punishment, but when it comes from Bear, my libido just skyrockets because I know I’ll be getting his massive dick in me soon. Damn it all!

When his hot tongue goes across my open wounds, it does something to me. The fine line between pain and pleasure, and the fact that it’s Bear losing himself in the act with me, makes me feel empowered and fucking horny as hell. It calls a part of me I didn’t know existed, a part of me I didn’t know I needed. The bite he takes out of my ass makes my back hole clench in anticipation and need. The need to be filled fully and irrevocably. The need for him to just take me in all ways, owning me down to my very soul.

I’ve never been choked during sex like this and it’s exhilarating, especially because it comes from Bear, only Bear. Just knowing it invokes such immense and out-of-control emotions from him makes me feel empowered, no matter what position I may be in during the process.

My pussy was weeping with joy, with the rage he showed ramming into me with all his hate. Why? Because I still fucking hate him too for all the pain and suffering he’s put my heart through in the years past. I love him and I hate him. I love the way he hate fucks me too. I can’t get enough of it.

The pain in my ass is nothing compared to the enveloping feelings of fulfillment and wholeness when it feels like our fucking souls start to entwine in the act of love and hate. I didn’t even know the grim reaper could have a fucking soul, but who am I to question what’s going on? It feels fucking amazing. I was starting to feel weak from his plunder, but now I feel a renewed sense of strength.

All the times I felt like a lost piece to the puzzle of life, I now finally feel like I found my perfect hole to fill when his soul tangles with mine in a cold embrace. A dance of new life only to let out a harsh cold breath in the fires of hell.

He pulls out of my ass and shoves it back into my pussy with something different. Something is different about the cock as he thrusts into me and damn if it doesn’t put me over the edge. My mind tells me it should hurt, but something happened during our souls making love that all I feel now is pleasure with everything he gives me...and I want more. I almost wish for it to hurt more, for him to punish me more.

When my pleasure starts to climb, I muffle my cries into the cool smooth sheets, my body tensing, as the best climax of my fucking life hits me like I just died and gone to heaven and all the way back down to hell.



I awake with a groan, but I can’t move. What the fuck?

Trying again, it feels like a heavy body is on top of me. The smell of flames near my nose. Trying to clear my mind to think about what happened, it all comes back to me and I squirm just thinking about it again. Shouldn’t my back hurt? And my pussy? Fuck, the things he did to my pussy make me want to moan again and scissor my legs, but I can’t.

Bear stirs on top of me the more I squirm, and I realize his dick is still buried in me. How is this even possible? But fuck if it doesn’t feel so damn good. My wetness making his cock move ever so slightly inside of me. My heart also feels so damn constricted with the fact that he stayed with me this time, allowing me to wake up feeling his presence with me. I want to cry...because...it’s the first time anyone has stayed with me after something like that.

I take that back. Nothing, and I mean NOTHING, compares to what we just shared. Damnnit. I love this fucker and I hate that I love him, but at the same time, I don't.

I let out a suffering sigh from his weight on top of me and Bear starts to slowly nuzzle the back of my neck tenderly. I love this side of him just as much as his bastard side. The hot tongue that snakes out starts to lick the crook of my neck, sending shivers through me, and fuck if I don’t turn into a puddle of goo right then and there. His capacity to be so fucking loving amazes me. Who knew the reaper had it in him?

No one better knows that part of him. The thought makes me a bit murderous.

...it must have been from all the human flesh he’s consumed over the years.

...which reminds me of innocent Isaac who Bear just so happened to consume last. Ugh! I want to be mad, a normal person would be, but I’m not. I shouldn’t let him know that though, it might get to his head and he might start consuming anyone who dares to talk to me or look my way. Why is that so fucking hot?

I try to squirm my ass again to see if I can dislodge him before he gets hard again.

“...cease your incessant squirming, female. You will not be rid of me that easily. You are mine to ravish. You have no say in the matter.” Why is his dick getting hard all of a sudden? Fuck.

I’m still full of his fucking cum as he starts to slowly gyrate his hips against me, rubbing his cock all up in me again.

A moan involuntarily slips out and I want to slap myself. Stop this! I need to have a serious conversation with this fucker right now.

“...mmmm...dammit...Bear, stop. I need to talk to you.” Gosh, he feels too good. I can’t think straight!

“...cease your talking. The only talking that will be happening right now is my cock talking to your soaking wet pussy. It’s hungry and I plan to keep it happy and continue to feed it.”

Oh. My. Fucking. Gosh. Stop! Why does he have to sound so fucking endearing and disgusting at the same time?!

“...ah...okay..fine..one last fuck, then we need to talk!” Holy shit. With that invitation, Bear places one hand between my shoulder blades and one leg up, pulling me with him to give him leverage to pound into me again without mercy.



Chapter 29

BEHERAA


She will never have the upper hand with me, now that I know her weakness. My cock satisfies her and makes her stop her incessant chattering. I also reap the benefits of such acts. I laugh out loud at my own pun and Reese moans beneath me, spurring me on faster to reach my finish. The blasted female has taken enough pleasure from me. This time I will take it from her solely for my greedy, selfish self.

When my climax hits, it feels like I’ve been struck by lightning or some other divine force as I add my spend to her wet and waiting cunt. What does this human female do to me? Why do I find myself addicted to this? Thoughts of Asmore run into my mind and I finally understand his problem. I make an internal note to myself to never devour Asmore in a fit of rage. That would be the death of me more so than the other devoured demons are already.

This...cuddling… I’ve come to find I enjoy this human custom. The concept was there after the numerous amounts of human flesh I’ve consumed, but the last human ...this male, Isaac, his mind was full of it. Reese does not seem bothered by the fact. Quite the opposite, actually. The fire in her soul seems to glow brighter with it. I file this in the back of my mind for further use in case I need it to give me the upper hand with this female of mine.

Reese continues to squirm under me and I allow my phallus to slip out of her as she makes to turn her body so she is facing me. The look in her eyes is something I haven’t seen before. It is rage, anger, and something else that sparkles with life. I think I like this look on her. I shall make sure to keep it there for my viewing pleasure.

When her little hands cradle my face, my chest cavity feels funny. She pulls me into her, and I acquiesce to her need. When her tongue dances with mine, my body instinctually melds onto her even more, needing to feel her soft, warm flesh beneath me.

I am glad I was able to stop myself from reaping her soul. I would miss her terribly, for I would not be able to do these things with just merely her soul minus her flesh suit.

Her tongue continues its tangles as she attempts to speak her words into my open mouth. Such a strange female she is.

“Bear...I don’t approve of what you did to Isaac…” I growl into her mouth as she continues to ravish it with fervor to stop me from pulling away.

“...but what’s done...is done… and your dick feels fucking amazing, by the way...But I still need to go back … and take care of Mister Clyde.”

I do pull my face away from her then. She dares to distract me with her feminine wiles once again! I am made the fool once more and my eyes burn with anger.

When she presses her lips to my mouth, my anger simmers, but my mind still rages at the fact that she wishes to leave me! How dare she?!

Putting my hand around her throat to stop her distractions, I snarl into her face.

“You will not leave me! I am Beheraa! I will drag you back to the depths of my kingdom and lock you here for all eternity if I must!”

She smiles. She smiles! What is this? What is this madness? I do not understand this blasted female’s mind!

My hand releases its pressure as my fingers itch to caress the marks I’ve left on her delicate throat. Why does the sight of it soothe me so?

“Bear...I don’t want to leave you. But I have a job I need to do. Who is going to take care of Mister Clyde … now that you’ve DEVOURED HIS ONLY DAMN SON?!” She laughs at my face and I cannot help but suppress the laugh that wants to escape me. No. I cannot. She shall not expose me in my weakness for her. Damn hellfires, does her laugh soothe me.

I growl for good measure, making her giggle even more.

“If you do not wish to leave me..then what would you have me do? Do you wish for me to devour and reap the soul of this...Mister Clyde, you speak of? Shall I rid of him for you, my Reese? Then your attention can all be showered on me...where it should be, where it rightfully belongs.”

She lets out a sigh, and I am unsure if she is exasperated with me or if she is upset. Do all human males have to decode female expressions like this? How do they not rip their own heads off their necks in frustration? How do humans continue to reproduce and last this long?

“You’re so damn cute it hurts. But this is a hurt I’m happy to have because it soothes the other hurts you’ve put me through throughout the years.” Her eyes start to water at this statement. And I am lost. I do not like this. How do I stop this reaction? What the blasted hell does she even mean?

I inadvertently snarl my response out of frustration at trying to decipher the female mind.

“What must I do to stop these tears from coming!? Do not dare to shed them in front of me, female. Tell me, what must I do?!”

She laughs the loudest laugh I've ever heard escape her, and the constriction in my chest starts to loosen its hold. She pulls me into a tight embrace and I let out an exasperated sigh, because she never did answer my demands.



Chapter 30

REESE


The moment Bear flashed out to go reaping is the moment I summon my two little sprites. They’re always around me most of the time, so I've claimed them as mine.

I don’t know if I can flash myself to different realms yet, but these two little demons do the job. Instead of flashing to my apartment, I made them flash me to Mister Clyde’s house. Now that Isaac’s gone, I need to be on it. He doesn’t have anyone else but me to look after him.

I had been given a key to their house a couple of years back but never had to use it since Isaac was always the one that drove me to work. Good thing these little brats can flash me right behind the front door, it’s far enough from Mister Clyde’s room that he wouldn’t notice. Opening and closing it to simulate my entrance, I hear Mister Clyde yell out from his bedroom on the lower level floor.

“Reese’s pieces, is that you, woman? I’m hungry as fuck, And Isaac never came around to check up on me. I think I pissed myself a few times.” Poor thing. This is exactly why I need to be here.

Cleaning him up took some time, but he was able to stave off his hunger until I was done. I miss this, the monotony of routine. Turning on his television for him, I walk to the kitchen to get his breakfast ready and morning pills.

When I fill up the food tray with all the necessities, I walk carefully back to his room. The sound of the television on blast can be heard a room away.

“Look at this mess Reese’s, just look at this shit. The world is going to hell in a handbasket, I tell ya. From the war overseas to the war at home with domestic terrorism. Bodies are dropping left and right. I’m surprised humankind has even lasted this long.” I don’t have a TV in my apartment, so all my news comes from Mister Clyde and his ramblings.

Lucky for me today, with all these deaths happening, it means it will take a while before Bear realizes I’m gone. I hope he doesn’t get too mad. I have a job to do after all, just like him. He doesn’t see me complaining about his flashing in and out all the time.

When lunch rolls around, I go about my day in a slow, monotonous routine. Reading his favorite book out loud, I stop when his breathing starts to even out. I smile at his peaceful state; glad I could be of help. Placing the book softly on the bedside table, I stand up to stretch the kinks out. I have some soreness in my body that’s not from sitting as well. Just thinking about it makes me miss Bear.

“I fucking see you there, reaper man. Don’t think you can fool an old man like me. I’ve had my eye on you for a goddamn minute, ya hear! I ain't leaving this little lady to the likes of you!”

My head snaps to the corner Mister Clyde had spoken towards in the past, and there’s Bear in all his reaper glory. Standing tall and imposing in his dark cloak, holding his scythe. Why is that so fucking hot? Dammit, concentrate Reese!

“Bear! You’re here..early.” I flutter my lashes to soften the blow, hopefully. Bear glides towards us with a lethal grace that gets my girly bits going even more.

“What in the hell are you talking about, woman? Who the fuck is Bear? Don’t tell me you know this sucka! Just my luck, the only person willing to stick around my sorry ass is one attached to the reaper of death.”

I chuckle nervously, never taking my eyes off my man, because it’s just a matter of time for Mister Clyde’s intelligent mind to connect the dots about Isaac being missing.

“Hold the fucking phone! Where the fuck is my boy?!” Ding Ding Ding. I knew it! Mister Clyde has always been quick as a whip.

“Uh...Mister Clyde..” How shall I explain this nicely?

“Spit it out, woman! I know this joker right here ain't here just here for a chit chat!”

“Isaac..had an accident.”

“Did your boyfriend kill him? God fucking damn. He was the only reason I was holding on to this stupid, frail body of mine. Well, reaper man, you might as well take my soul too. I ain’t got no more reason to stay on this shitty earth anymore.”

That was not what I was expecting.

“I’m tired. I’m cranky. My ass hurts. End my misery!” Well, okay then.

Bear comes towards me and grips my chin with two of his fingers, forcing my face up. I can’t tell if the fucker is smiling or if he’s mad since his face is a damn skull at a permanent grimace. But something inside of me feels like he’s laughing at me right now.

He bends down to lick a trail along my bottom lip slowly and seductively before he turns to walk a few steps to swing his scythe towards Mister Clyde. I kind of see a flicker of something come out of him but I can’t make it out entirely. Is it wrong of me to feel a sense of pride and delight watching my man do his thing? When Bear turns back around, his eyes are blazing with something. Something that makes my pussy clench. Is he going to punish me?

Ever so slowly, Bear brings up his scythe, lowers it, and puts the blade end behind me. What the hell is happening right now? Instead of pulling my soul out as I anticipated, the sharp end of his scythe cuts my lower back, making my nipples pebble and he drags me towards him in the most seductive manner. How this can be seductive, I have no fucking clue. But here I am with damp panties in a twist as I take tentative steps towards him.

I’m panting by this point. When my body is flush with his, his scythe disappears and Bear envelops me in a cold embrace as we flash out of Mister Clyde’s house.



Chapter 31

REESE


I was able to convince Bear to let me flash back to the human realm to handle some stuff for Mister Clyde. After all, he doesn’t have Isaac anymore, and I had to call his doctor and all that jazz to report his death from ‘natural causes’. It seems that he left me a letter along with his house. It was originally supposed to go to Isaac and whoever he ended up marrying. The letter Mister Clyde wrote to me said he hoped to hell that his son would get his head out of his ass and marry me, but here we are. I became the second on the list to inherit the house if anything were to happen to his son. I’m sure he didn’t expect for his son to be devoured by the jaws of death, and he’ll never know.

Convincing Bear was easier than I thought. I quite enjoyed discovering another kink in his armor.

“Bear, I need to get back to handle stuff. You can’t just leave a dead body like that!”

“I care not for your human rituals. You should have had me devour him. That would have taken care of your dead body issue.”

“Bear! Then he’d just be reported missing, not dead. My goodness, come on! I need to go back.”

“What would you have me do, Reese? Every time the pull of souls calls to me, I now wonder where you will end up. I cannot be in two places at once and those imbeciles of sprites I have tasked to you are of no help whatsoever!”

It’s time to take another tactic. Bear is getting worked up. How do I calm a male that’s worked up? Well…

Taking slow steps towards him, I make sure to give him my bedroom eyes. I’ve read a lot of books and they all tell me that ‘hooded eyes’ are what’s seductive. I hope I can pull this off. I mean, Bear is pretty fucking sexy, I’m sure I could.

When I reach him, I take my index finger and slide it along his sternum while looking into his eyes. They are blazing right now but he doesn’t say a word, only watches me.

“What is going on in that mind of yours, female?” Does his voice sound gruffer? My, my…

I give him a seductive smile as I slowly lower myself to my knees in front of him. His cock almost jumps at my fucking face when I get there and I have to hold in a laugh. Males.

Before he gets a chance to say anything else, I take his cock into my mouth slowly and swirl my tongue around the head. Bear groans and rubs his hands down his face before he tilts his head back down to intently look at what I’m doing.

I wonder if I’m his first blow job? Damn, the thought of another woman doing this to him makes me burn with rage and want to bite his dick off. I decide against it. With how jealous he is of me, I’m sure he wouldn’t think to bring other woman problems between us. He better not.

Giving him the head of his life, I can taste his precum as I continue to bob my head and stroke his shaft with my tongue while my hand fondles his sack that’s starting to tighten up every now and again. Deciding I want to blow his fucking mind, I take his cock out of my mouth and continue stroking it with my hand while I take his ball sack into the warmth of my mouth. 

Bear’s knees buckle and I do laugh then, making him growl at me.

Standing back up, I shove the fucker onto the mattress behind him and continue to work my hands and lips on him while I’m on my knees. You would think I’d be afraid of ripping his shaft with the way it looks, but you know what? I’ve come to find that Bear likes whatever pain I dish out to him. The kinky bastard.

My hand continues to stroke his cock with fervor as my tongue peeks out to swirl around the head every so often. He seems to like it when I tongue the slit, and I do so when he least expects it to keep him on his toes. When his hips start thrusting into my face uncontrollably, I envelop his entire dick into my mouth again and swirl my tongue right under the head while my hands squeeze his balls. I sneak in a surprise nip with my teeth until he releases his climax into my mouth with a roar that echoes throughout our bed chambers.

Damn, I never knew giving head could be so sexy. I’ve also never been in control when it happens. Bear does things to me. He doesn’t know it, but he’s given me so much control back in my life, and I love him all the more for it.

Thinking about Bear makes me horny again, but he’s off reaping right now. Who knows when he’ll come back. It’s not like he has a nine-to-five job.

Deciding I don’t want to wait around in the damn bed chambers, I start exploring the grounds. Since I’m going to be here a lot more, I might as well get to know the layout. This place is basically my second home, or is it my first?

I get lost in the hallways for a few hours until I find an opening that takes me out into a field that looks mighty familiar.

The memory of my childhood dreams comes back to me and I finally recognize where this is. This used to be a field of flowers, I think? But there are no flowers now. Looks like a field of tall dead grass. The sky is gloomy and grey, casting shadows on the field. Fitting for this place, really.

The sound of a raptor screech comes at me and I smile. Quasi! He’s leaping and bounding sideways and diagonally as he tries to reach me, creating a pattern in the dead grass like the ones you see on TV about alien spaceship landings.

“Hey, baby. Do you want to play? How about some fetch, huh?” Looking around me, I find a decent size stick by my foot and pick it up, choose a direction and throw it with all my might. I watch it fly through the air and hear Quasi excitedly start going after it.

Quasi, with his uncoordinated self, goes bounding after it like a baby goat that’s been dropped on his head during birth. It’s quite entertaining.

We do this a few times and Quasi doesn’t even look tired at all. Damn, my arm is going to end up sore at this rate. With one last good throw, the stick flies farther than my eyes can see. I watch for a few moments as Quasi runs after it, disappearing from my sights as well.

This time he returns with something else in his mouth, though. What the hell is that? When he opens his maw to drop it, it looks like a fucking arm. I can’t help it and I laugh so loud my stomach starts to hurt. Where does he get this stuff?

I bend down to pick it up by the forearm, with the hand facing upwards. Bringing it closer to me for inspection, the thing grabs onto one of my breasts. What the fuck?! I’m jumping around like a madwoman, trying to get the shit off me.

“Ah… sorry about that. I mean, sorry not sorry, but sorry nonetheless. If you would be so kind as to return what I’ve seem to have lost, I’d be so grateful.”

Still fighting the hand to remove my breast from its death grip, I look up to see the strangest looking demon.

He’s gangly looking, skin the color of ash. His limbs are so long and tall that his back is hunched over a bit. Yellow claws tip all his fingers and toes. His face looks like a cross between a damn bird, dog and human. I have no fucking clue how else to describe it. The horns protruding out of his head look like ram horns. His right shoulder socket is dripping blood and I’m brought back to the fact that I’m holding onto his fucking arm that Quasi seems to have detached.

The craziest thing, though, is as I’m looking over his body, his other fucking hand is stroking his very red and angry looking cock. What the hell is wrong with this guy? Does he not feel the pain of losing an arm? Damn, maybe pain turns this joker on. I wouldn’t be surprised given where we’re at. This place is probably teaming with kinky creatures.

Finally removing the limb from my breast, I toss his arm to the ground beside him. He doesn’t seem to care one bit that it’s missing. Instead, he’s still looking at me, panting and stroking his cock viciously like he’s almost there. Something on his head starts to glow a gold color and it makes me tilt my head in thought. Hey, that looks just like…

Bear flashes before me, blocking me from staring at the demon I was talking to. His back is expanding, and he’s starting to hunch over. Uh oh! I know this position!

“NO, BEAR! Don’t you fucking dare eat this fool right now in front of me!” Especially not this guy!

Bear turns towards me in a fit of rage and snarls. He can be a scary guy when he wants to be. “HE WAS STROKING HIS PHALLUS TO YOU! HE DARES!”

Shit, I can be scary too!

“Fucker! If you eat this fucking demon who looks like a fucking demon of promiscuity, so help me, I will cut off your balls! I will not have you going around sticking your dick into everything in sight! Over my dead body!” I’m huffing and puffing by this point. We both must make a sight, standing here out in the open snarling and growling at each other like animals. I bare my teeth at him for good measure, so he knows I’m damn serious!

That stops Bear’s growling and turns it into grumbles instead. Seems the demon was smart enough to flash out of here during our little domestic dispute. My goodness, this guy. 

In a much calmer but still angry tone, Bear asks me, “what are you doing out here with that lesser demon? Was it you who sought his company?” Is he for real? Don’t send that scathing tone towards me!

“Fuck you, Bear. You’re the only cock I ride and you know it! So shove those stupid thoughts up your ass and never accuse me of that again, you hear me!” I’m sure it’s not doing much, but I’m poking my finger hard into his chest, baring my teeth at him even more. It only serves to hurt me, but it’s the principle of the matter!

I don't know what happens, but I feel something inside of me. Like Bear and I have a connection of sorts. When did this start? I can tell he’s giving me sexy eyes, even if I can’t physically see it that way.

He leans down to my height and fucking purrs his next words in my face. Holy shit sticks, he’s good.

“I could devour another hedonistic demon for you. Perhaps I will then be cursed with another blasted phallus for your pleasure.” Dear lord. Just like that, our argument ends as I jump into his fucking arms and kiss his fucking face right as he flashes us back into the bedchambers.



Chapter 32

REESE


Bear lets me flash back to Mister Clyde’s...no, I mean, my house every so often. The only thing is that he has to accompany me. Babysit is more like it. What kind of trouble does he think I will get into in an empty house? My thoughts drift to our last visit.

I’m rearranging some things inside the house, putting some unnecessary paperwork into boxes to be stored in the basement, when a knock comes at the front door. Who in the world could that be? Mister Clyde didn’t have any other living relatives.

I dust off my hands on my skirt and walk towards the front doors. Turning the knob, I open it and see a man around my age, who stands quite a bit taller than me, nods his head before addressing me as “ma’am.” 

Oh, this one has manners. I give him a kind smile, hoping he’ll tell me why he’s here quickly so I can go back to what I was doing.

He must take my smile as something else because he gives me a big one right back, showcasing his dimples. This must be his ‘make women swoon’ smile, but all it does is make me feel awkward.

“How can I help you?”

“Ah, well, we provide the gardening services for the family and we haven’t received our last payment, you see.” He looks kind of sheepish while telling me this. I don’t know why. If he needs a payment, I can provide him one. 

“Alright, come on inside and I’ll write you a check to clear out whatever balance Mister Clyde had with you guys.” I turn around and start walking towards Isaac’s old office.

I can hear the gentleman quietly shut the door behind us and his footsteps following right behind me.

When we reach the wooden desk, I gesture for him to sit, to which he declines. Whatever. I was trying to be nice.

Bending over, I rifle through the bottom right drawer to look for the checkbook when I hear some chitter laughter lightly float through the air. Those stupid sprites better not doing anything. I ignore it and continue to look for this stupid checkbook. Man, this drawer is a mess. This is exactly why I need to start on this organization…

I hear a gurgle sound and I almost trip on some papers that have flown onto the ground by my feet. What the hell?

I watch in horror as the sprites start to torture the poor gardener. It’s not even my usual sprites either, I’ve never seen these guys.

I’m trying to figure out their names to make them stop when Bear appears in a flash and brings down his scythe in a large arc. The energy that fills the room is almost explosive as he growls and slices the gardener into pieces, spraying blood all over the place, while the sprites start chewing on whatever they can get their hands on.

My mouth is hanging open and I’m stunned speechless. How the hell am I going to clean up this mess?

“I was going to get rid of him! All he needed was a damn check, Bear!”

The sprites screech and disappear as the room starts to feel even smaller and hotter with Bear’s rage. He turns his attention on me and my heart starts to pitter patter inside my chest.

“You dare allow this male in your presence?”

“I dare to do whatever the fuck I want. All this bastard needed was for me to sign a damn check and he would have been on his merry way!”

His eyes flash with something, and I feel my pussy get wet. He acts like he hates it, but he loves it when I give it to him just as good as he gives it to me. He loves punishing me for my supposed insubordination, and I love his punishments. Just thinking about it makes me want to squirm where I’m standing.

I can feel his gaze between my legs, just like I can feel his energy crackling in the room. He comes after me and I run around the desk to the other side, out of his grasp. Of course, that shit only works in the movies because Bear just flashes right where I was running to and slams me onto the desk, face down.

His scythe is gone, leaving both of his hands free to do as he pleases with me. When one of his hands scratches down my back, leaving trails of burning pain, my back arches, my ass rubbing right against his crotch. His other hand grips the table, his skeletal fingers leaving scratches and dents on the smooth and pristine surface.

One of his hands holds my neck from the back and squeezes right before he rips my skirt off me and shoves his cock inside my soaking wet pussy, knocking my thighs painfully into the desk. My pussy feels so full, so stretched, the pain and pleasure mingling as he continues to invade my center with punishing thrusts. My cries of pleasure echoes into the house as he continues to ravish me and punish me for his own pleasure.

The sounds of chitter laughter can be heard weaving in the air.

Since I already had my house visitation today, now I’m just hanging out back in the realm of the dead, bored as heck.

Walking around the hallways again, I bypass the ones with the loudest screams and cries and continue wherever my feet lead me. I stop when I come to a room with a large long dining room table. Wow, look at this. I didn’t even know we had a dining room! Bear doesn’t even eat. I mean, he devours sometimes, but not because he’s hungry. I wonder which demons need to eat?

Walking around, touching the backs of all the chairs, I count a total of ten. This is one big table. Deciding on the bigger end chairs, I sit down and just stare at the surroundings. This chair needs a butt cushion.

A demon flashes next to me and I have to take a double-take because this shit is just hilarious. He’s stocky and porky looking. He’s wearing a damn chef’s hat, but the top of it is singed while the rest of it is covered in soot. He looks like he’s sweating, even though this particular room is much cooler than the rest.

He has a fucking pig’s snout but the face of a fucking wart-filled toad of sorts. Three fingers on each hand tipped in claws, of course. I swear, his gut is hanging so far over. I don’t know how he can even see his feet when he walks.

“Good eve, Mistress.” Mistress, huh? I guess so, since everyone calls Bear Master and all.

“Hi, there. Who are you?”

“Ah….I am Adar.” Sneaky little thing. He’s not telling me something.

“Adar...what are you a demon of, may I ask?”

“Ah…” He pulls at his fucking non-existent collar. He looks like he’s sweating bullets now. Why does he look so guilty?

“Ah...I am a demon of gluttony, Mistress.” I laugh out loud because, of course, he is. Look at the fool.

“Alright. Did you need something?”

“Oh! Well, there was an accident of sorts, and I happened to come across some meat I was able to cook up. I thought perhaps you would like to join me in this fine meal.” Oh, how nice of him. He’s sharing. I guess I could eat something.

“Sure, bring it on.” A flash and a poof, and right before my very eyes is a large spread of food on the table. In the middle looks like some sort of charred meat that smells faintly of fried chicken and bacon. Strange. The other plates look like random things from fruit to gravy. Well, when in Rome and all that.

We start eating and chatting about nonsense when other demons start to arrive and join us in our meal. Two of the demons just happen to be my part-time babysitters, Amoora and Araaz. Quasi pops in later and I give him some of my scraps under the table, having eaten my fill.

The next flash that happens makes everyone screech and jump. Bear is staring at everyone and everything. When his eyes land on me, the flames behind it start to change into a color I haven't seen before, a blue and yellow-green. What does that mean?

Quick as a whip, his hand shoots out and grabs Adar’s neck, picking him up off his feet. That shouldn’t be so sexy.

“Tell me, demon. Who is it you feast on?” Wait. Hold the fuck up. What does he mean ‘who’?

My face must look aghast at the news because I can feel Bear getting angrier on behalf of me towards the demon he’s choking.

“M-M-master.” This fucker isn't going to be able to tell us anything like this.

“Drop him, Bear. How is he supposed to talk? I want answers, too. Fuck.” Who the hell did I just eat?!

Bear does as I say and the poor pot-bellied guy lands and sort of rolls a bit before he’s able to get up onto his knees before my man.

“There was - there was an accident, Master. The beast beside the mistress, h-h-he ran into Prosi and she toppled into the hellfire. By the time I came around to seek out the smell, she had already been charred to a crisp. I figured, why let it go to waste and the mistress was already sitting here waiting. I wanted to make a good impression, so I asked her to share this meal with me.”

What. The. Actual. Fuck? I just ate a damn demon?!

I scream as I jump out of my chair, about to kick this fucker’s ass for not telling me I was eating a damn demon! But Bear is quicker and grabs me by the midsection right before I get to him, while I kick and scream and yell profanities at the porker below me. I’m going to kill him and feed him to my damn demon dog!

“Calm yourself, female. It is not as bad as it seems. Judging by the number of demons that shared this meal, you did not consume much.”

“Who the fuck is Prosi?!”

“Ah. Prosi was the demon of vanity. It is not so bad, my Reese.” Not so bad? NOT SO BAD? I’m crying into my hands at this point because this is fucking nuts. Bear turns me around in his arms and cradles the back of my head towards his chest, soothing me. 

“Amoora. Take Adar to the next room. His torture will be under the supervision of Rosser.”

“No, master! I beg of you! NOOOOOO….” They must have flashed out because even his echoes disappear.



Chapter 33

REESE


I snuck out of the realm today. Bear was out reaping, but I didn’t want to find myself in another predicament I would regret from my wanderings of the hallways. Ugh. I mean, I don’t feel any different since eating that meat. I’ll just have to wait and see.

I was able to make Amoora and Araaz flash me to a nice little downtown shopping center near my old place of work when I was an assistant. The building that was destroyed hasn't been rebuilt yet. I have a sneaky suspicion I know what happened, but I choose to ignore it for now. Shit happens all the time anyway, right?

Walking down the street, window shopping, I wonder how much stuff I can flash back. Or does it only work with bodies and not material things? Ooo, that’s a pretty dress. Lookie, lookie. I’ve never been into dresses before but this one, I just can’t take my eyes off of. Look at the matching shoes!

I’m bent over a bit, trying to stare into the window for a better look at the shoes when some fucker runs by and grabs my purse right off my shoulders, dragging me a good few feet on the ground in the process. 

I’m scrambling to get up to chase him when I see a jacked-up-looking back end with a half tail. Quasi takes down the fucker as he turns into an alleyway and I run to catch up. All I hear are screams and raptor screeches. When I make it to the entrance of the alley, Bear flashes before me with his scythe raised and ready. He doesn’t swing though, instead he brings it down slowly as we both watch Quasi stand on his hind legs like a damn human, devouring the flesh of my attacker. The wet sound of flesh being torn apart, the gurgles of the man choking on his own blood are quieted by the constant chewing Quasi does so efficiently. Well then. It’s a good thing my pup was sneaking and following me around. I knew Quasi was capable of taking care of himself, and now he’s taking care of me. My heart starts to swell.

When the body of the man basically disappears, leaving only the blood splatters behind in the dark and dank alleyway, Bear and I both turn to look at each other, then turn back to look at Quasi as he comes back down to all fours and licks his front paws.



ARAAZ

I need to do this. Yes, yes. Mistress and Master would like this. We should, we should.

But I need help with this task. Who do I ask? 

What cavern am I in?

The sounds of screams echo louder the further down I skip. Ahh, I think this is Baphba’s torture chamber. Yes, yes. He knows about the younger humans. He should know.

The flames of the underworld lick up at my entrance, signaling to Baphba of my presence.

I watch as he whips one of his sprites and souls. I am glad the Master has not tasked me here. Baphba can be brutal when he’s on a roll. I like following the Mistress much better. Sometimes she sneaks me the red snack that looks like innards but tastes so sweet and chewy. A good Mistress she is. Yes, yes.

One of the sprites takes on the shape of a small human child, whilst sucking the cock of a human male. What games do they play today, hmm?

My vision is not as good as others, but the pores on my skin let me take in my surroundings in blurs and colors. 

The male soul is lost in his haze of lust. Why does that sprite look so familiar, eh? He simulates a small black hair child that could pass as my mistress if she was younger.

“Ahhhhhhh!” The sounds of his screams are music to our ears as the sprite changes back into his original form and takes a bite out of the human’s phallus. I laugh with glee so hard that I fall back. Baphba sees me and whips the human with his fire whip. It crackles when it hits the skin, the sound of sizzling continuing long after the whip has been removed.

“Why do you bother my chambers, sprite? Don’t you have anything better to do? Can’t you see I’m working?” Baphba is a grumpy bastard, but the Master says he performs his duties well. 

“May I have a word with you? I have things to discuss, concerning the Master.” The lesser demon is now bending the human before him with his face towards his spiked phallus. Oh my. It is said he can ejaculate the flames of hell out of it when he pleases. Another lesser demon I did not see earlier comes by and shoves himself into the back of the human soul.

They look busy, but I must complete this task. I must.

Baphba is thrusting but turns to me. “Well, get on with it, then? What need does the Master have of me?” The human male’s mouth is starting to shred, making Baphba’s phallus glisten with blood. How fascinating. He must have a better slide now. Mmm-hmm.

“Sprite!! Stop your gazing of my phallus and answer me! I have things to do!”

His booming voice takes me by surprise, and I let out a yelp as I fall over my feet. How embarrassing. I need to not do this so much.

“Y-y-yes. I need advice on the mating rituals of younger humans, yes. Our Mistress would enjoy what these humans call a “date” with the Master. We do not like seeing her upset, you see. We need to make her love Master more. Yes, good plan it is, right?”

The lesser demon’s groan sounds kind of like he’s on the verge of death himself as the flames of hell release from his phallus into the human’s mangled face. The sizzle is much louder now as I watch blisters and blood start to form on what’s left of his face. The demon behind the human male groans whilst staring at the human’s face and as he pulls out, he shoots his spend all over the male’s back. I laugh with glee as his spend transforms into tiny creatures that begin to devour the human’s flesh.

Through gargled moans, I hear Baphba’s voice.

“Sprite! Get yourself together. I have no advice for your matters. I only deal with the souls that lust after the flesh of human children. There are no dates to be had in their minds as I torture their souls. You are better off asking Asteer, for she is a hedonistic demon, used to the ways of man.”

Oh, that Baphba is a smart one, yes. I should have thought of that.

“I give you my thanks, Baphba! I see why Master holds you in high esteem. Until we meet again, enjoy your duties!”

He doesn’t wave back at me, but I hear his voice speak as I exit his chambers. “Ah, James, you please me so. I find that you are my favorite of the souls I have here. Shall we go again?”

“I bore of his ass, you always get the best part of him!”
“How about we change things up then, Mot’an?”
“I have been lusting after the human named Olivia. Her soul calls to me. How about we pair these two up and have some real fun, Baphba?”

The sounds of the echoes of a female scream bounce off the cavern walls as I skip down the hallway to find Asteer.



AMOORA

“What in the blazing hells took you so long, Araaz! I’ve been waiting! The other sprites have already set up the table and black candles! Master and Mistress could be here any minute!”

My partner in crime, Araaz, is maniacally laughing, and it fills my chest with glee. Laughter is such a curse, it is so infectious and uncontrollable when it is around. I cannot help but find myself laughing along with the stupid sprite.

“Asteer has given me much information. We must set up some sort of candle-lit dinner, you see. Though I do not know how a candle would taste so good inside your dinner, the flames must do something to the taste. What do I know of human ways? Asteer is a smart one, she is. We shall follow her orders.”

Asteer is a smart one. Master has not been upset with her like the last guy. I forget his name already.

“Okay then, who is providing the meal?”

“Adar has been released. He was kind enough to provide us with one of his delicacies.” Ah, this is good. We are almost ready then!

I signal to the other sprites to get things going. These dimwits are easy to control, as I am one of the smarter ones, you see. They are all followers if there is a leader present. I brush off the nonexistent lint off my shoulder as humans say. It is good to lead. One of these days, the Master will see my skill and promote me. This is my hope.

The table is set out in the field by the river. The flowers are a little crunchy, but they should do. There are a few gathered on the table and a few that are scattered around the table for effect. Araaz tells me that Asteer said having petals lead to the table is a form of “human romance”. So we shall do this as well. Yes, this is all coming together.

“What are you guys up to?” All the sprites screech in surprise and disappear before I can make my own escape. My chest is tight in fear. I do hope we finished our duties before the sprites left us.

“Mistress!! We welcome you to your candle-lit …”

“Blasted hellfires! Who dares summon me? I was in the middle of the cold regions of the human realm, reaping souls! I have things to do!”

Ah, perfect. Perfect. They are both here. I laugh with glee and the Master shoots me a glare that makes me swallow my laugh back down my throat. A scary one he can be, our Master. Digging up what little pride and courage I have, I clear my throat before our surprise announcement of brilliance.

“Master! We have set up a date for you and our beloved Mistress! Do enjoy yourselves! We will be standing by, at your service if you need anything of us, yes.”

“What kind of abomination is this? What is this date you speak of?”

“A date!!” Our mistress clasps her hands with enthusiasm, and pride swells in my chest at the sight. We did good, yes.

Our Mistress grabs Master by the hands and hauls him toward the table.

“Why is it crunching under our feet?”

“Ah, Mistress! It is a path of petals to add to your custom of human romance, yes.” I nod my head with a smile. We did good, she noticed!

“O-kay then. Come on, Bear, sit your grumpy ass down with me, and let’s have this date. After all the dates you have ruined, you owe me!”

“Blasted human customs. Hellfires and damnation. I should be reaping souls by..” Our Mistress continues her human custom of pressing her lips to our Master. A good sign!

Araaz and I stand by with some sheets over our arm. I do not understand the purpose of this, but Asteer’s advice should not be ignored. Our Mistress and Master sit down and Mistress is already poking her fork into the meat. My smile falls when I hear the Master’s roar.

“Cease! Reese, stop your movement.” Our Master turns to us and the flames in his eyes grow in agitation. We know this look well. I am trying to stand still, but my knees are shaking. Oh, the embarrassment!

“Amoora, who are we feasting on? Answer quickly before it is you who will be on this table!” Our Mistress throws her fork on the table like her hand is on fire.

A shriek leaves my mouth and I trip over my tail. Gathering my sheet back over my arm, I try my best to answer the Master.

“A-A-Adar provided the lovely meal for your date M-M-Master.”

“Why is there candle wax leaking out of it?” Is this not part of the human dating custom? Why does Mistress ask this? How should I know?

“What the blasted hellfire is Adar doing providing meals? Have you imbeciles not learned from the last time!?” Our Master rises quickly and throws the table with his ascent.

My fear overcomes me, and I flash out before he can devour me.



REESE

Bear is so overdramatic. I tell him he’s extra, and it just makes him grumpier. It’s quite cute. Once he’s done throwing the table in his tantrum, I notice there is a demon bent over under it. What in the world? Only in this place does crazy shit like this happen.

He turns and sees me screeching before he shakes and disappears in a flash, like the other two idiots. Was that guy holding the table up? Good thing I wasn’t trying to play footsies with Bear. Imagine if my foot got caught in that guy’s mouth instead? I shiver with disgust. Knowing this place, he might be one of the kinky ones who likes that kind of stuff.

“What is this? Why do you shake so? Amoora! Araaz! When I find you…”

Oh dear. I bend down to pick up the small bouquet of dead flowers and bring it to my nose. I’m reminded of the days when Bear would leave me in my misery in that stupid dream of flower fields. Who knew that in my anger, I didn’t notice it was just our damn front yard under glamour. It warms my heart to think that though he was trying to avoid me, he didn’t keep me far. 

“Bear…”

Bear stops his tirade and turns around towards me, and the flames in his eyes start to die down to their normal levels. 

Walking up to him, I place one of my hands on his chest and start to make little circles. How long have I held Bear in my heart? How does he make me love him more and more despite the things he’s done in his own ignorance of his feelings?

“What were you doing when I would be brought here under the impression of another dream? Did you watch me from afar? Did you feel for me the way I’ve felt for you all these years?”

Bear’s eyes flare up for a second right before he leans down to grab me by the ass and lift me up to his height. My legs wrap around him for more security, and I toss the bouquet aside before wrapping my arms around his shoulders.

“The fire in your soul has always called to me, though I did not understand it at the time. Despite trying my damnest to stay away from you, I find myself pulled to you. You’ve bewitched me and ensnared my existence with yours. Though I have warred with myself, I find that you are worth all the suffering you’ve put me through. You are mine, little Reese, and you do well to not forget it. It is my job to make your little she-demon life a living hell as you have made mine.” How romantic. I smile at him lovingly.

I feel myself getting wet with his stupid declarations of love, and I wriggle against him to try and get some friction between my legs. Bear has made me greedy.

“Blasted hellfires, female! Quit your wriggling! This blasted phallus has a mind of its own and it is starting to seek what it wishes to plunder.”

“You say the sweetest things, Bear.” I kiss him on the mouth and a guttural groan comes out of him from deep inside his chest.

“Blasted hells! I am supposed to be reaping.” Bear lays us on the ground on top of the crunchy flower petals as he says this, telling me he’s not that much in a hurry as he wants me to believe. 

Lifting both of my legs up, Bear places them over one of his shoulders as he rubs his cock against my wetness. The tease.

I’m lost in the lust before I realize the sound of a raptor screech is heading for us. Quasi jumps onto Bear’s back, making him growl and inadvertently shoving his cock right into my pussy. Oof. Holy hell, he went deep. I laugh as Bear grumbles about our ‘demon pup’.

Quasi is nowhere to be seen as Bear starts to fuck me like he hates me, grumbling about the stupidity of all the creatures in his realm. His skeletal hands grip me so hard with his thrusts. I think it’s giving me abrasions, but the pain only enhances what he’s doing to my pussy. I know for a fact that Bear always tenderly caresses every bruise he gives me like it’s a mark of declaration, a mark of his love.

Bear then grabs one of my asscheeks and spreads it apart, eyes blazing as he stares at our connection. Why does that make me so hot?

When his cock starts growing with extra somethings and tickling my clit, he releases one of my legs as he pushes one of his fingers inside of my pussy. Holy shit. His finger is sweeping on the top of his cock as he continues to pound into me and it’s sending me into a place I never knew existed. Fuck.

I’m chasing a climax and the moment Bear’s finger performs a sweeping upward motion, my mind fragments into a million pieces as I tumble into an explosive orgasm.

The dead grass and flower petals start to blaze up into flames as Bear removes his finger and pushes both of my legs against my shoulder. His hips start to piston with urgency right before he growls into my shoulder and cums into me, filling me up. 

“Blasted female, what do you do to me?” My legs slowly come back down as well as my heart rate, while we lie here on the ground.

I caress the back of his head as his cock continues to pulsate and shoot cum into me.

“I’ve loved you from the moment I knew I could love another. It’s always been you. Perhaps what I do to you, is exactly what you do to me, Bear. I love you.”

“I do not care for these human emotions. What is love when I would lay my existence down at your feet to feel you like this, your soul forever entwined with my own?”

My heart feels like it’s about to burst out of my chest, and tears of joy start to prick at my eyes. How long have I waited and yearned for this from this male above me? It feels like a dream.

“This was the most romantic date I’ve ever been on. Thank you, Bear.” He removes his head from the crook of my neck and stares at my face.

“What in the blasted hellfires is this? Why do your eyes leek? I do not approve of this! You will cease this instant! How do human males ever copulate with you creatures when there is no reasoning to the female ways? This makes no sense!”

I laugh as more tears leak out before giving him another kiss. 

This fucker. I love him.


Chapter 34

REESE


Bear flashed out for a short period to continue his work after our impromptu date. We’re now back home in our chambers within the realm of the dead, hanging out on the bed. Bear’s head is on my lap as I lazily stroke his smooth skull of a head, thinking about my life and where it’s taken me.

Quasi takes that very moment to jump on the bed in his uncoordinated way, taking a few tries, and proceeds to push Bear’s head off my lap. I can't stop the laugh that bursts out of me when Bear roars and Quasi raptor screeches back. I see Bear’s hands about to grab my pup, and I give it a quick kick to change its trajectory.

“Don’t you dare, Bear! He’s my pup!” Quasi bumps his head to my chin and I pet him and give him kissy faces. “Isn’t that right? You were so good the other day, baby, yes you were. Protecting Mama like that.” Quasi loves my kissy faces.

“What in the blasted hellfires!? How dare this vile creature be called baby when you have not bestowed an endearment like that to me!”

Oh, hell. Is mister grim reaper jealous of my dog right now? Good grief almighty.

Patting Quasi’s behind to let him know he needs to go. I hear him trotting off haphazardly as I pull my pouting reaper back to my lap for some petting of his own.

“I can call you baby if you want. All you had to do is ask nicely, you know. Tantrums aren’t going to get you anything.”

Bear turns in my lap and grumbles into my thighs as I laugh and pull him up for a kiss.



Something’s different about me. I can’t put my finger on it. I’m not as hungry as I used to be, and I swear I can feel the tug of Bear’s essence sometimes. Is it when he thinks of me? Because I know I feel something when I think of him...which is frequently.

Deciding to take a walk out into the grassy field with Quasi, we play some short games of fetch. Luckily today, he only brought back the stick I chose this time around. Some of these trees around us are barren and quite creepy looking. This particular one I’m standing next to has a hollow in it...and is that fucking cum leaking out? Fucking hell.

I hear the sound of grunting nearby and when I turn to look, all I see is Asmore’s tail swishing back and forth as he humps whatever he’s humping. The air smells musky, like sex and something else. All I can see is a hint of a backend that resembles a damn deer or sorts, but is that a human arm on the ground? His pace starts to quicken and a gold pattern lights up down his back right before I hear him groan in release. I blink a few times and look over at Quasi, then look over at Asmore, then back at Quasi. I don’t even fucking want to know.

Turning around to go back to my home, I catch a bunch of little sprites tumbling over each other, trying to scramble away. Were they following me? Gosh, this place is bizarre. When I make it back to our bedchambers, my feet become glued to where they stand. I tell Quasi to go find something to do outside. Right there on the bed is a stack of frilly, girly dresses, very much like the one I was looking at in the window that day.

My eyes start to tear up, and I feel a tug inside my chest. Bear flashes before me with a scythe, looking ready to murder someone, when his gaze lands on mine and he roars.

“What has happened then? Who do I need to devour and torture? Why do your eyes leak like this?”

I sniff a little and wipe my eyes with the back of my hand.

“Bear… did you buy me dresses?”

His scythe disappears and he stands up straight with his hands on his hips.

“Blasted hellfires, female! The ache in my chest made me think something has happened to you. Of course, I got you dresses. I sent my sprites to go to that damn window you were peering into that put you in harm’s way. What they make is of no concern to me. I only tasked them to get you enough.”

I jump into his arms and bury my face into the crook of his neck. This bloody fool and his fucking romantic ways. I can’t stand it sometimes. How did I get so lucky?

“Why do your eyes still leak like this? What is happening? Why are human females so complicated? What must I do? Do you require my phallus? I can assure you, I will fix this.”

Oh dear Lord. What the hell, why not?

Kissing the side of his face, I make a trail all the way to his mouth.

“Yes, I require your phallus, oh mighty one. I require it hard and fast.” Bear does not disappoint.



Epilogue

BEHERAA


Where is my blasted female? Why must I continuously have to chase her down? Is it not a human custom for the females to await the male’s return, preferably in the bed chambers naked and awaiting a ravishing? Have I been misinformed? I need to consult another lesser demon on this.

Concentrating on my essence, I feel the tug of her soul. Since our souls combined, it seems our fates have become aligned. My past knowledge tells me that in the rare occurrence a being such as myself binds himself to a human, said human will remain in existence until the end comes for the being. Reese will be with me for all eternity, but I have not told her so yet. I will not allow her to change her mind about me because she is mine. She should know this by now.

Following the pull, I flash to a city I know Reese has never been to. Why is she here? What is her purpose?

Turning around, I find the strangest and most alluring sight before me.

Reese is in a feminine cloak with a much smaller scythe than my own. Is she...reaping? By the bloody hells. I watch as she brings back her scythe for a swing, but the weight of it topples her backward. She falls onto her rear end and that’s when her vile demon hound grabs the scythe with his jaws and starts running down the street haphazardly, like he only has half a brain. He probably does only have half a brain from what I’ve witnessed so far, but my female refuses to allow me to destroy him.

As he runs down the street, he stumbles onto random bystanders inadvertently reaping their souls with Reese running after him yelling for him to stop.

I let out an exasperated sigh as I rub my hand down my face.

To have and to hold for all eternity.



REESE

I’ve been feeling more tired lately. Am I doing too much? Maybe it’s all this flashing back and forth. Today I made Bear flash me to the house. His bed chambers are nice and all, but the constant screaming sometimes makes it hard to catch a good nap.

Bear was not agreeable, but I was able to convince his grumpy ass. He stayed with me for an hour or so before he had to go out reaping again. Good. Don’t get me wrong, I love all the nasty things he does to me, but sometimes a girl just needs a nap. Not just a nap, a good one.

The sprites made sure to change out all the bedsheets and clean out any of the dressers during my time spent in the other realm. The little brats can come in handy sometimes. Seems they chose to replicate the sheets from the other realm, making it look like I never even left. Whatever. I bet Bear had something to do with it. His chest gets all puffy when I tell him I miss him. It’s the cutest thing. 

Laying my head down on the super soft pillow, my mind wanders to what the pillow is made of. Hopefully, no demons were sacrificed in the making of it. Ugh. That reminds me of that demon I help to devour. I mean… it did taste like fried chicken and bacon...speaking of, I’m kind of craving something…

I wake up when I feel someone’s hand holding me tight. It’s cold behind my back so I don’t even bother to open my eyes. When the presence behind my back starts to rub his cock all over me, I give him a good kick.

“Blasted female!”

I open my eyes and laugh. He doesn’t think it’s funny but too bad. Sometimes Bear needs someone to keep him on his toes. Not everyone is just here to do his damn bidding.

Rolling over, I snuggle into his side and rub my nose on his shoulder. Once he calms down, I start to trace my finger all over his ribs.

“Bear, I’m hungry for some grapefruit. Can we go get some?”

“Why do you need to eat grapefruit? You shouldn’t even be hungry.”

I lift my head off the bed with that statement. “What the hell do you mean? Why wouldn’t I be hungry?”

“Cease your questioning female, I’ll get you a blasted grapefruit.” My eyes narrow on him. He’s hiding something from me. Does it have anything to do with me feeling different? Hmmm…

Getting on top of him, I start to remove my clothes. Bear always shuts right up, which makes him more susceptible to the things I want to do to him. 

Slowly rocking my hips against his shaft, I look into his eyes and see them glowing brighter. I tease his tip, letting it bump against my clit and letting it slide in just slightly. His growl makes me giggle, and I slide him in halfway.

I continue just like this, and when I see Bear lost in the moment, I ask the question that’s been burning in my mind.

“Bear…”

His eyes start to flame up.

“Why do I feel different ever since that one day...the day that felt like our souls entwined?”

I let out a screech when Bear flips our positions and starts pounding into me with heightened emotion. His face is close to mine as he bends me in fucking half like a damn pretzel, making him feel even deeper in me.

His grunting makes me hot, and I almost forgot I asked him a question when I hear him snarl into my ear.

“Because, dear Reese, you belong to me now for all eternity.” Oh shit. He does something with his hips and it’s grazing my clit so deliciously. I fold my legs over his shoulders and with a few more thrusts, I’m screaming a different way. 

“Ahhhh..” Fuck, he feels big.

Once my orgasm dies down, Bear drops one of my legs and continues to plow into me at a different angle. His climax almost ignites another one in me. My pussy is starting to pulsate again, and he groans. I love that sound coming out of him.

He somehow keeps us connected as he spoons me from behind, nuzzling the back of my head. I must have fallen back asleep because when I wake up, there’s a grapefruit waiting for me on a plate nearby. My heart swells. What a damn sweetheart.

Getting out of bed, I start to walk around the house, eating the most delicious thing I’ve had in a while. It has been a while, hasn’t it? I somehow find myself in the kitchen, standing still and savoring my meal, looking out the window when I notice the calendar on the wall. 

When was the last time I had a period? I drop the finished grapefruit into the trash bin and call my two sprites.

They flash in and hit the trash can, making the grapefruit tumble back out. Good gracious, these two.

“I need you to get me a pregnancy test. Now.”

“Yes, Mistress.”
“Mistress…”

It sounds like one of them wants to tell me something “What?”

Amoora clears her throat (yes, I finally found out she’s a girl after much laughter from Bear, who was of no help).

“If you wish to seek information about your reproduction, you have no need. The other sprites and I have smelled your change for a while now.” What the hell? Smelled my what now?

“...is that so? And what of your Lord and Master? Does that bastard already know?”

Araaz answers this time, grinning with his mouth full of teeth, looking quite proud.

“Why yes, Mistress! It was he who told us to do it! He knew and wanted to double check. Yes, he did. Yes, Mistress. A smart one that Master is, yes.”

I scream bloody murder, and the two sprites flash out before I can throw anything at them. The next few minutes, I’m fuming alone when I see someone else flash in. That rat fucking bastard!

I start throwing dishes from the drying rack at his face, and one of the bowls hits his head, knocking it off his shoulders. It doesn’t make me feel better, I’m still fucking pissed he kept this from me!

“You asshole! You knew, and you didn’t think to tell me?!” I can feel my face start to get wet from my tears.

I’m jamming wooden spatulas into his stupid rib cage when his head finds itself back onto his shoulders. I’m fully crying now, I’m screaming and all Bear does is hold my body tightly to his, making the stupid spatula handles poke at me which then makes me cry even more because I know I’m being an overreactive bitch right now.

“Cease this nonsense, female! You are mine to have and to hold for all blasted eternity. What difference does children make if I will be continually putting more in you throughout the years anyway?”

Ugh. This guy. I let out an exasperated sigh into his chest.

He leans into me and whispers, “It is as you say, Reese. All you had to do was ask.” Fucker.

I don’t know why, but I laugh at that. This conniving, manipulative, sexy as sin fucker right here drives me nuts. But I love it.

Slowly removing the spatulas and throwing them onto the ground, I use the last one to shove up Bear’s chin.

“The next time you don’t tell me I’m pregnant, Bear, will be when I ban you from any more hanky panky.”

“What? What is this hanky panky you speak of? And why do I feel you are challenging me? I am Beheraa! You dare!”

“Amoora! Araaz!” My little sprites flash in and flash me out. 



THE END.



Soul of The Reaper
Soul Takers, book 2


Playlist

My Ruin - Terror
Evanescence - Hi-Lo
A Perfect Circle - Rose
Garbage - The Trick is To Keep Breathing
Squirrel Nut Zippers - Hell
Avril Lavigne - Losing My Grip
Evanescence - The Last Song I’m Wasting on You
Tapping The Vein - Damage
Tommee Profitt Cover (feat. brooke) - Can't Help Falling in Love [DARK VERSION] 
Tommee Profitt (feat. brooke) - You Are So Beautiful (Epic Cover)
Emilie Autumn - Castle Down
Evanescence - Together Again
Tapping The Vein - The Ledge



About The Author




Y.D. La Mar is a poet, writer and author of The Scent of Jasmine, the first book in the Street Arrhythmia Trilogy. She’s been known to write eccentric book reviews online and can be found recommending even stranger books in her reading groups. She lives in sin city as a wife, a homeschooling mother, seamstress, knitter and dog owner. She enjoys reading a wide range of books, from fluffy stories to pitch black reads. Monster books are her jam and jelly.


Follow me!
https://www.amazon.com/author/ydlamar
www.ydlamar.com
https://ydlamar.eo.page/h9q5y
Other Books

STREET ARRHYTHMIA TRILOGY

The Scent of Jasmine
For The Love of Import & Blood
To The Beat of The Streets


THE POISON YOU CRAVE SERIES
(this is where heroes go to die)

Arachnophilia (Spider’s story)


REVERSE HAREM

Warring Suns


SCI FI

The Essence of Esme


PARANORMAL

Heart of The Reaper


PSYCHOLOGICAL THRILLER

The Truth Enslaved


Soul of The Reaper Blurb


Not human enough for this realm, and not reaper enough for the other.
Am I destined to always war within myself,
Trying to figure all this shit out on my own?
Being the son of the reaper means I have to learn things as I go.
I didn’t expect to run into a sassy little woman in the middle of Brooklyn.
I didn’t expect to crave her like my next breath, 
while wanting to wring her neck with every word that comes out of her mouth.
Will she be able to accept me for who I am?
A man, a being caught between two worlds.
When things go sideways, will I be strong enough to fight for her?
When the fates seem to be nothing but against us,
Will I be able to do what it takes to keep her?

