High Water Mark
By Evelyn Chartres
(Nom de plume)
Copyright 2021
Smashwords Edition
Halifax, Nova Scotia

SYNOPSIS
Anna is a humanoid mermaid who spends her days with the local timekeeper until a podmate comes to her with a proposal. They hatch a plan to head out into the watery ruins of humanity in search of lost technology and materials. For a young mermaid living in the dredges of society, the promise of riches from such a find is just too big to pass up.
Armed with nothing more than an old map and some rusty road signs to follow, they are soon reminded that adventure often brings forth more than its fair share of rough waters. Her friend gets captured, leaving Anna alone in a world where mermaids are nowhere near the top of the food chain.
Follow Anna as she makes landfall and learns why her ancestors abandoned the surface. Lost in a world that is perpetually covered in a thick fog, Anna must navigate through what remains above the high-water mark. What will she find? An ally? A foe? Or will she find nothing more than death and destruction?
Before reading on, be sure to consider: When humanity has been driven into the sea, what lurks above the waves?

TABLE OF CONTENTS
SYNOPSIS
TABLE OF CONTENTS
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
PROLOGUE - COME HELL OR HIGH WATER
CHAPTER 1 - SLACK WATER
CHAPTER 2 - OCEAN’S SHADOW
CHAPTER 3 - INTO THE DEPTHS
CHAPTER 4 - WATER OVER THE BRIDGE
CHAPTER 5 - WATER ALWAYS WINS
CHAPTER 6 - SKIMMER’S LEGACY
CHAPTER 7 - SURF AND TURF
CHAPTER 8 - THE ARC
CHAPTER 9 - THE SHRINE
CHAPTER 10 - OUT OF THE UNDERWORLD
CHAPTER 11 - FALL FROM GRACE
CHAPTER 12 - A SHOT ACROSS THE BOW
CHAPTER 13 - STONE TO FLESH
CHAPTER 14 - THE CAPTAIN’S SPICE
CHAPTER 15 - ON THE EDGE OF TOMORROW
CHAPTER 16 - CHARON’S TOLL
CHAPTER 17 - ALCOHOL AND WINGS
CHAPTER 18 - THE YELLOW SUBMARINE
CHAPTER 19 - INTO THE FOG
CHAPTER 20 - DISCONNECTED
CHAPTER 21 - TOURIST TRAP
CHAPTER 22 - THE UNGUIDED TOUR
CHAPTER 23 - WITNESS
CHAPTER 24 - THE BIG PICTURE
CHAPTER 25 - ORIGIN OF THE SPECIES
CHAPTER 26 - THE SIREN’S CALL
CHAPTER 27 - ADDENDUM
ABOUT EVELYN CHARTRES
ALSO, FROM EVELYN CHARTRES
LICENCE

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
I wish to thank those who were integral in making this novel a reality.
Thank you to Caytlyn Brooke, a fellow writer from the Twitter writing community, the one who set off the spark of insight that laid the foundations for this world. It astonishes me how such a simple question can lead to a full-length novel.
I would like to introduce and thank Faera Lane for her key role in the cover design. She was able to take a series of vague concepts rattling around in my head and create something stunning. The end product turned out even better than I had hoped!
Thank you to Pamela Belyea, my friend who lugs around the manuscript for months on end to annotate her corrections while visiting outdoor bistros and coffee shops. She is proof positive that no amount of self-revision can successfully purge all flaws. While nothing is perfect, I am certain that the most glaring offenders have come to light.
Lastly, I wish to thank C.J. Boyle, Kayla Ray Tidwell, and Kima Blaze. These were the brave souls who read through my work during their early incarnations. You are my shining stars in the night, proof that I am not navigating these waters alone.
Evelyn Chartres (Nom de plume)
theportraitofawoman@gmail.com
http://evelynchartres.com

PROLOGUE
COME HELL OR HIGH WATER
  
Tessa stared up at the ceiling, counting the tin tiles. So far, she was at one-hundred-and-ninety-two squares, and this endeavour was doing precisely fuck all to help her sleep. There was a song stuck in her head, one that featured the haunting voice of the woman who performed at the restaurant earlier. What a shame that she could not remember the singer’s name to find her music and play the song over and over until excised from her mind.
Frustrated, she rolled over to the side and looked down at the wood planked floor. After a moment of hesitation, she slid her bare feet onto the surface and, despite her misgivings, found that the floor was warm. Tessa sighed before turning her focus to a pair of doors and, after counting down to three, pushed off the bed. Her legs protested, tired after a night of debauchery and bliss.
As memories of the evening flooded back, Tessa smiled, turned around, and feasted her eyes on the root cause of all that sin. She set her eyes upon Evelyn’s chest as it peacefully expanded and contracted with each breath, causing her to remember how shallow her own breathing had been prior to climax.
In that moment, an intense feeling of guilt washed over her, fuelled by the thought that such pleasures were not meant for the likes of her. Tessa sighed and grabbed her rebreather from the corner. She checked to confirm that the device held a charge, slung a large metal cylinder over her left shoulder, and positioned the mask on her face.
This model needed about a half a minute before returning recycled air. Tessa closed her eyes and focused on taking measured breaths, but as the air quality dropped, a feeling of unease intensified. Her body craved—needed air and the room was full of it. However, she desperately desired that modicum of freedom found just beyond those doors. This forced Tessa to fight back the urge to rip off that damned mask and make her do it all over again.
As a bead of sweat ran down Tessa’s neck, fresh air filtered back into the system and cleared the fog that built up inside the mask. She looked towards a mirror and saw wild, curly auburn hair framing the mask. Despite the low light conditions, she made out the streaks of tears that ran down her cheeks during the wait.
“It will only get worse,” Tessa said under her breath.
She popped open one door and stepped out onto the balcony. She never quite got over the sight of that intricate wrought-iron railing nor the native stone façade, although the view that lay in wait just beyond was no reason to celebrate. They were surrounded by what a childhood friend once described as a thick rusty cloud.
A phenomenon that was more commonly known as the fog, was so pervasive that it covered the whole of the Earth. This blight on the land also blocked out most of the sunlight. So, without the help of a timepiece or its digital equivalent, it was nearly impossible to determine the precise time of day.
Despite the lack of visible daylight, another side effect of the fog was the loss of seasons. Tessa had no memory of when she last felt the cool chill of an autumn wind or tasted a snowflake on the tip of her tongue. These days, the climate rarely varied, resulting in consistent heat and humidity. I hate this!
She turned to her left and, despite her proximity, barely made out an old billboard through the fog. The current poster featured a siren with an underwater city in the background. Given the harsh conditions of the atmosphere, a couple of panels had fallen away, teasing her with a glimpse of a shining habitat in space.
“Bet you they are not dealing with this shit,” Tessa muttered while her blue eyes rolled up towards the sky.
The mechanical filters behind the mask made her voice sound different—alien. Despite having worn this contraption hundreds of times, her mind naturally flagged what she heard as anomalous.
She had been barely a teen when rockets of unprecedented size pierced the ailing sky to escape this dying world. The wealthiest hedged their bets, investing heavily in aerospace and space exploration while the rest remained fixated on reality television and social media. It turned out that fighting against the fog was not cost effective. So, they simply left their mess behind for others to deal with.
“Bastards,” Tessa swore.
“Couldn’t sleep?” Evelyn asked from behind.
Tessa jumped in surprise, so much so that her breasts moved noticeably. She looked down at her feet, closed her eyes, and counted down from six to calm herself before providing an answer.
“Yes… sorry,” Tessa said. “I didn’t mean to wake you.”
Evelyn moved in for an embrace from behind and rested her head against Tessa’s back. Despite the environment feeling warm and humid, Evelyn was cool to the touch. That was one trait, among many, that Tessa loved. Her wife was always a departure from the mundane, the hot sauce that spiced up an otherwise bland meal.
“You didn’t… well not precisely,” Evelyn said with a giggle. “You left the door open, so the system went into alarm.”
“I never heard the alarm,” Tessa said.
“Must be the mask,” Evelyn said, leaving Tessa with an excuse before closing those doors to silence the system.
Now Tessa was further riddled with guilt, having made another contribution to the annihilation of the world. Not that anyone else was faultless, mind you, in spite of the bulk of the population demanding action. A lot of regions had declared martial law to focus their nations solely on fighting the effects of the fog. Even in countries that maintained the illusion of free speech, no one dared to speak out against those in the East, where it was rumoured that the phenomenon took root.
They had been told that they could not interfere in the internal affairs of sovereign states. Tessa quickly learned that those words were excuses to skirt around the truth. In reality, the ruling council had been unwilling to trade comfort and financial security for a guaranteed future. Doing so risked their own affluence, so they weaponized the very tools used to build their civilisation to tear it apart.
“I’ll do better next time,” Tessa said in a distant and tired voice.
“Hey!” Evelyn exclaimed before kissing Tessa’s bare shoulder blades. “If you’re going to mope, then I’ll just have to drag you back inside and have my way with you.”
Evelyn always had ways of cheering her up. It was not just the offer of sex in exchange for blessed sleep. It was how Evelyn stuck with her through thick and thin. Her wife was quietly attentive and focused on those seemingly insignificant details to determine if a storm was brewing up ahead. She also knew how to stay clear of perilous situations, which often made Tessa wonder if she could read minds. Right… like that’s possible.
“I’m not sure that my legs could take much more,” Tessa said with a chuckle.
She ignored that her own chuckle sounded like a blocked hose from a vacuum cleaner and focused once more on the advertisement. This time, her eyes flowed over every detail of that space station.
“Do you think I should have gone?” Tessa asked.
Evelyn shifted slightly until she was able to see under Tessa’s arm. At first, there was confusion etched onto the delicate features of her face, but she eventually realised what her lover was talking about.
“Life there would appear to be a blessing… initially,” Evelyn said.
“Free from the bonds of the Earth and once again be able to see the stars,” Tessa added.
“You can see one now, silly,” Evelyn said while pointing straight up.
Tessa looked up and saw the dim glow of light penetrating through the thick fog. It looked more like a brighter patch of fog than it did the sun. Had Evelyn not pointed it out, it was doubtful that she would have found it.
“While technically correct,” Tessa said, “I meant actual stars—wait. How can you always tell where the sun is?”
Evelyn giggled while circling around to face Tessa and perched herself atop the railing. Given the proximity, Tessa had no trouble seeing those piercing green eyes, dark hair, sharp facial features, and the smile that promised so much.
“I always know where it is,” Evelyn said, looking straight up towards the life-giving light. “Although, it matters little these days.”
“You must enjoy the freedom?” Tessa confirmed.
“I do, in a way,” Evelyn said. “Still, I need to be careful.”
“Oh?” Tessa asked.
“It limits your freedom,” Evelyn said to deflect. When she saw that Tessa was once again staring at the billboard, she added, “You’d be nothing more than a slave up there…”
Tessa looked down at her feet before returning her focus to those emerald eyes. She then placed a hand flat against Evelyn’s chest to feel that heart beating nice and strong, the presence of which comforted her despite the artificiality of it.
“I’ve been in that situation before,” Evelyn said. “A debt that can never be repaid. Every day you dig your grave a little deeper. Eventually, you’d look up and realise that you can no longer see the stars.”
“The world has changed,” Tessa said, her voice pleading for a sympathetic reply.
Evelyn took Tessa’s outstretched hand and brought it to her lips. She kissed the palm before licking her way to the tip of the index finger. Just before reaching the tip, she looked up with hunger filled eyes, sucked down to the base and used her skilled tongue to massage the digit.
“Yeah…” Tessa said, disappointed that her wife had just served her a cold dose of reality, “…you’re right.”
Tessa looked up with tearing eyes and noted the dejected look on Evelyn’s face. She realised that there had been no ulterior motive other than an attempt to steer the conversation away from this inevitable outcome.
“Either way,” Evelyn said while holding onto Tessa’s hand. “It’s too late now. The starports were destroyed in the early days of the insurrection.”
At first, the world stood by as the wealthiest took off for the stars. Many who could not afford the voyage held on to the faint hope that they could hitch a ride. After all, facilities in space needed maintenance crews, medical personnel, servants, and labourers to remain viable, and the wealthy were not about to settle for a reduced standard of living.
Alas, those fortunate enough to head to the stars were indebted and realised there was no way for them, or even their great-grandchildren, to join the ranks of the elite. Similarly, those left behind discovered that ninety per cent of the wealth had vanished overnight. Early on, there had been a few disorganised malcontents committing misdemeanours, but that swelled to hundreds of thousands. The group became singular in their focus, solely intent on reclaiming what was stolen.
“It’s a matter of time,” Evelyn added when her lover did not reply. “Those up there will realise their bleak existence is endless. Eventually, they will rise up and turn those cities into graveyards surrounded by vacuum.”
Tessa tore herself away, turned around, and looked at her feet once again as a fresh tear rolled down her cheek. In an attempt to hide the evidence, she tried to wipe it away, but the crystal shell that covered the mask blocked the effort. No matter, her deception was all for naught. Evelyn already knew. Somehow, she always does.
With a quick hop off the railing, Evelyn positioned herself face-to-face with the masked woman. With a finger, she turned Tessa’s head to get a better view of those puffy, red eyes. Evelyn smiled warmly and moved in for a hug. As usual, she placed her head between Tessa’s breasts. The heartbeat was racing and strong as emotions overwhelmed her lover.
“Things will work out,” Evelyn said. “I promise.”
Those words permeated Tessa’s psyche like a mother calling out for her child in a raging blizzard. Her mind initially ignored the promise, dismissing it as though it were background noise. Soon enough, a part of Tessa latched on to the idea that something of importance had been said. Still, she could not recall the details.
“Promise—sorry. What?” Tessa asked.
“Things will work out,” Evelyn answered.
This time, the words had the desired effect, but she doubted hearing them at all. To fulfil such a promise, Evelyn would need to violate a vow made during the very genesis of their relationship.
“I thought you promised—” Tessa was about to remind her.
“Wait here,” Evelyn said before breaking away and heading back inside.
While waiting, Tessa looked off into the distance, and through the fog, she barely made out the semblance of a cross. While growing up, that distinctive shape had always been visible, especially at night. Now, the outline was all she could see through the thick blanket of fog.
“When was the last time I saw anything out that far?” Tessa said to create the illusion that she was not alone.
To this day, scientists were baffled about what brought on the fog, let alone how it defied all attempts to combat it. Tessa remembered learning about this phenomenon in school. At that time, their teachers had spoken about an assortment of theories ranging from a cocktail of pollutants saturating the sky to mother nature taking an active role in ridding the world of the disease called humanity.
The uncertainty left her in a constant state of high anxiety. Perhaps things had been just as bad for her grandparents who lived through the great famine brought on by the droughts in the Western prairies. Still, there were famines now and, without sufficient daylight, entire ecosystems had been reduced to dust.
Some conspiracy theorists even postulated that this phenomenon was due to the terraforming efforts of an alien species. It may have been easily dismissed when she was a child, but such theories were gaining traction. In a world destined to die, the desperate latched on to any idea that enabled them to focus their rage.
Evelyn returned through the doors holding some sort of cylinder. It was approximately the length of a small ruler, sturdy and sealed at both ends. The package was covered in yellow script and, despite not being able to read the words, Tessa recognised the characters as being Cyrillic, the language of trade for the Holy Russian Empire.
“What’s that?” Tessa asked, even though she had a pretty good idea.
Without waiting for an answer, Tessa turned back towards the billboard. This time, her eyes drifted to the topmost advertisement. It had all the hallmarks of a fantastical world and even featured an Asian beauty with firm bare breasts, contrasted by her scaly tail that extended well beyond where her legs should end.
This was a world bathed in blue phosphorescent light brought on by a phenomenon linked to the fog. Again, no scientific, religious, or prophetic mind could explain why light-emitting algae blooms covered their oceans and waterways.
This was one of the few cases where truth was stranger than fiction. This was not an artist’s conceptual drawing used to draw in crowds to the last remaining movie theatre in the city. No, for an exorbitant amount, those chosen few could give away all they had for genetic manipulation, surgery, and acclimatisation at one of their facilities.
“Your salvation,” Evelyn said, making every syllable sound like a musical note.
“You know they turned me down,” Tessa said, trying her best to keep her voice from cracking. “They said that my weak lungs negated my chances for survival.”
Not that this stopped others with her affliction from trying their luck… many of whom opted to bribe their doctors. Despite the end of the line approaching on the horizon, wealth continued to hold sway over this dying world. One simply needed enough of it to bypass screenings. There is no way that I can leverage a contact or afford a passable forger.
“Well… It’s not the same treatment,” Evelyn said from a distance.
“Black market?” Tessa asked.
“Not like the ruling council would sanction an experimental drug gifted by the old Russian gods,” Evelyn said calmly.
To deal with the crisis, Russia had turned their backs on the sciences that damned the world and imposed harsh restrictions on those who defied the will of the gods. However, that was not entirely true… any discovery that favoured them would be declared a gift from a divine entity. This absolved the Tsars of fault in cases of failure. After all, gods were known to be fickle when bestowing gifts onto the faithful.
They had been with each other for years, and yet, Tessa could not recall a time when Evelyn had been this serious. She normally giggled, laughed, winked, and oozed emotion with every word. This time, Evelyn was precise and to the point. To what end?
“And a product banned by the Great Chinese Protectorate?” Tessa confirmed.
Evelyn nodded, standing there patiently. Only one person could take the plunge, and she was exclusively focused on that advertisement. Tessa may have been handed a potential lifeline, but there were risks.
“What about you?” Tessa asked, while realising just how warm she was.
Despite the lack of sunlight reaching the surface of the planet, the average temperature had increased significantly when the fog appeared. This occurrence somehow stored all of that heat, creating a thermal runaway effect similar to what happened on Venus. Higher average temperatures meant the glacial poles were melting which, in turn, translated to higher sea levels.
“What do you mean?” Evelyn asked in return, permitting some confusion to leak through that impenetrable mask she perfected over several lifetimes.
“Are you going to take the drug?” Tessa demanded.
“Of course not,” Evelyn replied.
“Why?” Tessa asked.
“You know why,” Evelyn replied.
“How can you be so sure?” Tessa pressed.
“My body would reject it, as it would any drug, intoxicant or narcotic,” Evelyn said matter-of-factly.
Evelyn was finding it more and more difficult to hold back the wall of emotions that Tessa had kicked up. Neither of them wanted to end the life they had, but it was time to acknowledge that the world they knew was gone.
“So… you won’t try?” Tessa pleaded.
“No,” Evelyn said in a whisper.
“Why not?” Tessa pushed.
Evelyn cocked her head, her eyes moist, a prelude to the deluge of tears that would surely follow. At first glance, this line of questioning was irrational. They had discussed this aspect of her physiology at length early on in their relationship.
The truth behind this fruitless exchange was very near to the surface. Still, while neither was ready to acknowledge it openly, Evelyn knew it was now or never.
“Because… there… there’s only one dose,” Evelyn admitted in defeat.
“So, none for you?” Tessa confirmed.
“None for me,” Evelyn answered with a nod to allow for the gravity of the situation to sink in.
“None for my family?” Tessa pressed.
“Tessa…” Evelyn said softly.
At this point, Tessa’s face was streaked in tears. It was difficult to keep her mask intact amid all this chaos. This choice, this gamble, this sacrifice, were all going against what she always desired.
“We’ve lived well over the years,” Evelyn asked with a smile, “haven’t we?”
Tessa’s eyes narrowed and her jaw muscles flexed while mulling over those words. For the first time, she hated everything about this relationship. This situation bore all the hallmarks of her getting dumped. Was last night nothing more than one final hurrah before getting kicked to the curb?
“What the fuck does that have to do with my family?” Tessa asked.
Evelyn’s eyes opened wide at the sight of this tempest of emotion building up before her. Instead of cowering or backing away, she moved closer, wiped the tears from her face, and looked up into those deep blue eyes.
“Everything, and nothing at all,” Evelyn said with a warm smile.
The cryptic response did nothing to calm Tessa’s mind. Still, given their years together, she decided to give Evelyn the benefit of the doubt. Although, patience would only hold back the surge for so long.
“You need to start making sense,” Tessa said in a flat tone.
Evelyn observed how every visible muscle in her lover’s body was twitching. One wrong word, and Tessa would go off like a firecracker. That would force them to take a path down a road that neither was prepared for.
“Okay. Okay,” Evelyn said. “The truth is… I’m nearly bankrupt.”
“Bullshit,” Tessa said in obvious disbelief.
“When was the last time you paid for anything with cash?” Evelyn asked. “Or used your bank card?”
“Last week—” Tessa replied. “No. Wait.”
Reality was far more nuanced. The trading networks were now irreparably fragmented. Some of it was due to governments, and some related to the collapse of the general economy. Hence, people no longer put their trust in systems used for generations to secure goods and services.
“Try three months,” Evelyn said softly in an effort to avoid the appearance of being argumentative.
“Can’t be,” Tessa insisted.
“We’ve been depleting my reserves all this time,” Evelyn said. “Inflation is out of control. That chicken we had last night cost as much as the average worker makes in a month.”
In reaction to those words, Tessa widened her eyes in surprise while she unconsciously backed away. How could she miss the signs? Easy. Tessa had chosen to remain blissfully ignorant. Given how shitty the world was… why not look the other way?
“We still have heat and power because this island remains under government control. That’s why they blew the bridges last week,” Evelyn added. “I don’t expect that will keep the insurrectionists at bay for long, though.”
Tessa noted that Evelyn knew a great deal about what was going on. Every level of their government had been opaque for years, using the distraction caused by the fog to consolidate powers. That’s when they began to wield their authority to muzzle the press and silence all forms of dissent.
“How would you know?” Tessa asked.
“Do you know what I desire most of all?” Evelyn deflected.
“What the fuck—” Tessa yelled.
“You!” Evelyn said, while raising a lone finger to beg for a moment’s reprieve. “I would like nothing more than to spend an eternity getting to know every intricate aspect of your mind and body. Alas, an ecological disaster is upon us, and this is the only way I have to keep you safe.”
Given the situation, it proved easier for Evelyn to show rather than tell. She broke the seals around the carton and removed the fitted top. Within, there was an injector, one of those mechanical models that people used to treat severe allergic reactions. The sight of that needle prompted Tessa to focus on the perky siren.
“You really want to turn me into one of those?” Tessa asked, closing her eyes in an attempt to ignore the rising anxiety.
Around the time she was born, a scientist claimed responsibility for the birth of genetically modified twin girls that were resistant to a common infection back then. While the act had been publicly condemned by scientists and the governments not under their sphere of influence, such research went on in secret.
“It’s your best hope,” Evelyn said calmly. “Do you see this situation getting any better?”
When the rich departed, they took their immense wealth with them, and the rate of environmental decay worsened. Those left behind were desperate for a way out and willing to give anything, including their souls, for a chance of surviving this apocalypse.
“Not the best odds,” Tessa said, turning her focus to that cross to remain centred.
The first clinic to offer a treatment that enabled humanity to live under the sea appeared in what was left of the Grand Chinese Protectorate. These clinics soon spread like wildfire and required volunteers to sign away all of their assets. Realistically, only five people out of one-hundred could opt-in, and even wealthy families were forced to decide who among them would live. With less than a sixty percent chance of success, such a gamble often left families destitute, too poor to bury their loved ones.
“No… they are not,” Evelyn conceded. “Still, it’s the best that I could manage.”
“Really?” Tessa asked, immediately experiencing a twinge of guilt for questioning her wife’s dedication. “You could turn me.”
“What would you hope to gain by that?” Evelyn asked.
“…to spend an eternity with you,” Tessa said, turning once again to focus on Evelyn’s green eyes. “Isn’t that what you want?”
The look on Evelyn’s face was heart-wrenching. Her eyes were puffy, red, and glistening with tears. Her face had been robbed of the smile that fell naturally on those lips, one which either beckoned or warmed the hearts of those in the room. Every feature was slack, neutral, except for that quivering lower lip.
With a heavy sigh, Evelyn slipped the injector back into the packaging and placed it atop the railing. She then wrapped her arms around Tessa’s waist. Finally, she leaned forward until her left ear rested neatly between Tessa’s breasts to listen to her heart.
“Strip you of your soul?” Evelyn asked. “You want me to break my promise to never again destroy something so precious?”
“A small price to pay,” Tessa said in return, “to be together?”
“Small?” Evelyn confirmed.
“Isn’t it?” Tessa asked. “What is my soul worth to me? Here and now?”
Evelyn pulled away, allowing Tessa to witness a pair of teeth growing apart from those perfect pearly whites. Her canines became longer and sharper until she gained a proper set of fangs. Next, her fingertips changed, growing thicker and longer before they darkened, transforming into obsidian talons.
Evelyn pressed those sharp claws into Tessa’s back. At first, the discomfort was unnoticed, but she continued to increase the pressure. Over time, the pain grew until it forced Tessa to try to break away. However, Evelyn held tight, rendering her lover incapable of escape. Well, not without leaving a piece of her behind.
“Evelyn…” Tessa said. “You’re hurting me.”
In response, Evelyn eased off on the pressure, but only just. This was a lesson, and she was not about to let it drop, not before first confirming that Tessa understood the gravity of this choice.
“What?” Evelyn asked. “Aren’t you having fun?”
“No—” Tessa whined. “Stop it.”
Evelyn smiled, but this was different… something that Tessa had never before set eyes upon. The sight of those twisted lips was enough to send a chill down her spine. Subsequently, she winced, leading to those claws digging deeper into her soft flesh.
“I said—” Tessa added.
“You wanted to be like me?” Evelyn confirmed. “Once immortal, I could tear that skin from your face and lick off that rich, succulent blood.”
“N—” Tessa said.
“I could starve you until you begged for death and unleash you into a crowd,” Evelyn said. “We could slaughter the innocents, bathe in their blood, and celebrate our dominance over these beasts of burden.”
“No—” Tessa said, fighting off waves of nausea.
“Amidst all that chaos, we could fuck on their corpses,” Evelyn said. “I could make you come—”
“No!” Tessa interjected.
“No?” Evelyn asked.
“Why—” Tessa asked, genuinely confused by that spectacle.
The soft features that Tessa had grown to love returned. A smile filled with warmth, without the protruding fangs, her soft eyes and beautifully manicured nails, and everything was back as it should be. When Evelyn broke her hold, Tessa backed away until she collided with the doors, which made her jump.
“Why?!” Tessa repeated.
“I spent centuries trying to preserve innocence past death. Every single time, that spark of a soul was extinguished, and most gave into their baser instincts. I even caught one doing exactly what I described with her own prodigy, and had to put them down…” Evelyn said.
While her words had been soft and reasoned, the reality that a fanged creature was hiding just below that thin veneer of humanity disturbed her… That was just a taste.
Sure, she had always known about Evelyn’s alternate persona but she ignored the grim reality of what her wife did when out on the prowl. It was hard to imagine that anyone so sweet, gentle and full of life could be capable of so much cruelty.
“I don’t want to lose the spark that drew me to you,” Evelyn said with a sigh. “I’m not sure that I’d have the strength to do what was right…”
Evelyn turned around and faced the railing. She then leaned forward and let her head hang straight down. Before Tessa realised what was going on, Evelyn’s back spasmed as she struggled to breathe through the shower of tears.
“Perhaps—it will be different with me…” Tessa said, but those words sounded hollow.
“Can’t—won’t—take that chance,” Evelyn sobbed before collapsing onto her knees.
Unsurprisingly, Tessa was torn. She desperately wanted to rush forward and comfort her wife, but that brief taste of Evelyn’s cruelty gave her reason to pause. Would Evelyn lash out if approached while in such a vulnerable state?
“Only one way to find out,” Tessa murmured.
Despite her choice, Tessa stood paralysed for a moment, unable to move. Eventually, she was able to move her left leg, followed by the other. After ignoring the wave of anxiety building up, Tessa knelt beside Evelyn and pulled her in close. Her spouse responded by collapsing into Tessa’s arms as violent sobs tore through her chest.
The two remained as such for what seemed to be an hour. Tessa simply rocked Evelyn back and forth, occasionally humming a soft song. It was a lullaby that her mother used to sing when she was a child, but the words had long ago faded from memory. Despite all of those years spent together, Tessa had never questioned how little she knew about Evelyn’s past.
“Centuries?” Tessa whispered, because such a measure of time was difficult for her to grasp.
“Actually,” Evelyn said after regaining some composure, “nearly four now.”
“You mean—” Tessa tried to ask.
“That you’ve been robbing the grave?” Evelyn said with a weak smile.
They both adopted meek smiles, although Tessa’s mask concealed the details of hers. This had been a trying moment for them, as judged by their puffy and bloodshot eyes. Despite the levity, Tessa had a faint suspicion that this was not over.
“I love you,” Evelyn said softly, her words probing the newfound void between them in desperate need of an answer.
“I love you, too,” Tessa said in return and, despite her earlier misgivings, she found these words rang true. “So… why are you with me?”
“What do you mean?” Evelyn asked.
“I’m one-sixteenth of your age,” Tessa stated. “Aren’t I… let’s say… a bit young for you?”
Despite being the younger in terms of years, it was Evelyn who was always asked for identification before entering a club or bar. It never phased her; she simply flashed her disarming smile along with her card. For all they knew, she was forty-five, but that mattered little once that smile caught their attention.
“You mean, why not date some centenarian, one with a doctorate in history, so I can chat about the finer points of people and places long lost to the sands of time?” Evelyn asked to confirm.
“…I guess?” Tessa asked.
“The past holds no power over me,” Evelyn said. “In fact, such subjects bore me.”
“So—” Tessa wondered.
“I want to embrace life.” Evelyn said. “Specifically, I seek those who see the endless potential in theirs and are willing to let me hang on for the ride.”
“So—” Tessa probed.
“So why would I find any interest in spending my time with someone on a first name basis with Death?” Evelyn asked, intending to answer her own question. “It would be like living in a museum. While a wealth of information… ultimately, a stale, stuffy, and static environment.”
“So…” Tessa began. “You want to keep up with the times?”
“That,” Evelyn responded, “and guide an impressionable young vixen in the ways of carnal bliss…”
“Oh…” Tessa said, as a shiver ran down her spine, “my…”
“Need plenty of energy for that,” Evelyn said with a giggle.
With that distraction out of the way, Tessa was reminded of just how much she loathed not knowing what was going through Evelyn’s head. Sure, people could infer based on experience and even learn to anticipate certain reactions. It was that level of dedication for another that left a mark, and in her mind, they had such a connection. How could she overlook all of those years of near blissful existence and throw it all away based on a singular event? Even one designed to frighten me?
“Still…” Tessa whispered, as her eyes followed the railing until they settled on the injector.
Assuming that Evelyn’s feelings were legitimate, why should she cast away all of their hard work? That injector would set her on an uncertain path, one that might lead to death, and either way they were certain to end up separated.
Tessa would be forced to live under the sea, a place where technology held no sway. Electricity, combustion, and medicine were just the tip of the iceberg of what she would need to give up to live beneath the waves.
“My god,” Tessa said. “I’d have to eat raw fish for the rest of my life…”
“As opposed to a steady diet of blood?” Evelyn questioned. “Or starving to death?”
That hit Tessa hard since those options had yet to enter her conscious mind. The idea of preying on those like her for their blood did not appeal to her. Could she do it if the other party was a rapist, a murderer, or a thief? Would the stain they left on society be enough to make taking a life more palatable?
What about the second option? She had grown up in a time where food was varied and plentiful. It challenged her to imagine living in a world where that was no longer the case. She thought about those newscasts featuring children starving in war-torn parts of the world. Such conflicts may as well have been taking place on another planet. However, that was before the riots spread over every land mass, which morphed into an armed insurrection. Between that and the perpetual presence of the fog, and with nature dying a slow death… I really wasn’t paying attention.
“That’s really why you are doing this,” Tessa asked to confirm, “Isn’t it?”
“I don’t see this getting any better,” Evelyn said. “I’ve had a great life. I’ve seen our society turn into a shining beacon of freedom and innovation. Despite all the horrors I’ve lived through, I can honestly say that it’s never been this bad.”
“Worse than the coup?” Tessa asked. “Or all those world wars?”
Evelyn nodded and her eyes glazed over as memories were dredged up from the dark recesses of her mind. If humans excelled at anything, it was unleashing immeasurable cruelty upon one another.
While the singular acts of a person could be ultimately forgiven and buried by the sands of time, atrocities on an industrial scale invariably left scars that refused to fade. To this day, some in their society distrusted anyone from the wrong side of the Iron Curtain, even though that conflict was long over.
“Those were unpleasant periods,” Evelyn said. “Still, despite all that bloodshed and destruction, Mother Nature and society bounced back every time.”
“You don’t think it will be the same this time?” Tessa asked.
To give herself enough time to find the right thing to say, Evelyn took Tessa’s hands and smiled. Her cool touch was welcome in a world where the temperatures were always uncomfortably high. Humidity was now Tessa’s constant companion. It clung to her skin, and forever left her longing for a bath.
“I would not encourage you to take this risk if I believed it would get better,” Evelyn said.
“So, what should I expect?” Tessa asked after swallowing hard.
Evelyn’s smile grew wide before giving her lover a monster sized hug. With the air pushed out of Tessa’s lungs, Evelyn pulled away and kissed around her mask. Given the situation, it was the best she could manage, but it nonetheless had the desired effect.
“This injector was designed to help the Russian militia gain a tactical edge underwater. Their commanders once envisioned an amphibious force that could operate underwater indefinitely. They would not need to be supplied with oxygen nor require bulky equipment, therefore reducing their chances of being detected while on covert operations,” Evelyn said.
“Okay…” Tessa said. “That’s the why, but I want to know the what. What is going to happen to me?”
“It’s…” Evelyn said softly. “Nothing at first, but you will get sick and eventually feel like death warmed over—”
“So, will I feel as powerful as a blockbuster movie superhero when this is done?” Tessa asked.
“You’ll develop gills that will allow you to breathe in the water… your toes and fingers will become webbed. However, you won’t grow a tail since that requires additional treatments, genetic manipulation, and surgery…” Evelyn said.
The tone in Evelyn’s voice hinted that she would have procured the better treatment, if possible. Tessa was thankful that her wife had done as much as she had. Evelyn could have opted to keep her in the dark until the very end. Live wild, fuck all the time, and leave the world with a smile on her lips. Evelyn is certainly capable of keeping me in a state of perpetual bliss.
Despite the risks, many were opting for similar treatments. Those who could not afford a full transformation settled for treatments like these. Some were experimental, like this one, while others were knock offs of questionable origin and created in illegal drug manufacturing facilities that once produced narcotics. Why anyone would trust a manufacturer of illicit compounds was beyond her. Wait! I know… they are that desperate.
To spare Evelyn any guilt, Tessa decided to make the next move. “So, what’s next?”
Evelyn reached for the cylinder perched atop the railing and removed the injector. Once again, she took care to extract the device from the protective cardboard tube. It was then offered to Tessa, who ultimately had to take the plunge.
“You need to use this now,” Evelyn said.
“Why?” Tessa asked.
“We will need to get closer to the water, and we don’t want to risk a raiding party or government patrol finding that injector,” Evelyn replied with neither a giggle nor a smile.
Since the answer made sense, Tessa responded, “Good point.”
“Now. You’ll need to push this end into the meaty part of your thigh,” Evelyn instructed.
Tessa was about to ask why the injection had to be self-administered, but the answer came naturally. She needed to accept responsibility for moving on with this treatment. Otherwise, she might regret going through with the procedure and blame Evelyn.
This had to be her decision: forgo the injection and die along with everything else on earth; inject and potentially die horribly from the severe side-effects of the retro-virus loads and mutagenic compounds or suffer through the consequences of those nanites going rogue.
Alternatively, she might survive the transition, adapt to her new environment, and live on underwater. Meanwhile, the surface would be turned into a mass grave. Would she be able to go on living with the knowledge that so many had died?
She took the injector from Evelyn’s hand and felt the smooth plastic against her skin. Either her salvation or her damnation awaited within this object, and she found it difficult not to be awe-struck by that realisation. When Tessa was ready, she grabbed the cylinder tightly in her fist.
“You’ll need to jab it in there,” Evelyn said, while pointing at her own thigh. “You’ll feel a pinch, but you have to hold it in place and count to seven.”
All of this was making Tessa’s anxiety levels reach stratospheric levels. To calm down, she closed her eyes and breathed in deeply. While the air was recycled and stale, the increase of oxygen in her bloodstream was enough to allow her to find her centre.
Next came the hard part. Tessa took a few practice swings until the motion felt natural. She pursed her lips, bit down hard, and sent the injector flying right into her thigh.
“Fuck!” Tessa yelled as a burning pain radiated out from the injection site.
To be safe, Tessa counted to nine before letting the device fall to the ground, averting her gaze from the crimson tipped needle. She had no love for them at the best of times nor did she wish to be reminded of what she had done.
“So, what now?” Tessa asked as a wave of fatigue washed over her.
Evelyn must have noticed the change as well because she immediately reached out to support her lover. Despite Tessa being at least a head taller and weighing more as a result, Evelyn had no trouble keeping her steady.
“Let’s wait till sunset,” Evelyn said. “We can use this time to get some sleep, snuggle, and if you feel up to it…” she added with an impish grin.
“You are incorrigible!” Tessa said while feigning a shock to her sensibilities.
“Keep saying things like that, and I’ll need to fetch my full assortment of toys,” Evelyn said with a wink while opening the door.
“Promises, promises,” Tessa said before stepping into the oxygen rich interior.
“Always,” Evelyn replied, following Tessa into their home.
  
That night, they ventured out into the old city, or what remained of it. Much of the original shoreline, unchanged for centuries, had slipped under the waves, and worsened as the water levels continued to rise.
They walked down the cobbled roads wearing their rebreathers. Despite it being unnecessary, Evelyn donned one to avoid suspicion. Those out and about without one either had a death wish or were not human. Either option was reason enough to justify being detained.
Every so often, Tessa would catch a glimpse of white light bleeding out into the night from a lonely window. For the most part, these buildings were condemned. Despite being hundreds of years old, surviving countless storms and city-wide disasters, the relentless waves hammering against their foundations had won the day. Their owners were hard hit. With falling property value and the inability to insure the buildings, many were forced to cut their losses.
It was difficult to imagine that this desolate and dilapidated stretch of the cobbled street was where she first met Evelyn. She had been out with her roommates, intent on having a wild night on the town. Plans soon changed when she caught sight of those piercing green eyes and that smile. Without even thinking it through, she came up with an excuse to break away and followed Evelyn. Well, I certainly nailed the wild part.
It has often been said that all good things come to an end, and sadly, it appeared to be true. Tessa only wished that she had more time to spend with her wife. In reaction to that thought, she instinctively squeezed Evelyn’s hand. Her wife looked up, saw the tenderness behind those eyes, and smiled.
“Almost there,” Evelyn said, her voice muffled by the mask as the ambient light increased.
Tessa missed the change in lighting since such things were normal for a big city girl. However, they were heading away from the inhabited portions of the city, not into it, and none of the street lights in the area worked. Still, there was an eerie, pale blue light up ahead and the closer they got to the shoreline, the stronger the light became.
Evelyn did not appear concerned, nor did she have any trouble navigating the darkest streets. Without a second thought, she approached a large wooden door fitted with a hefty iron lock. After fiddling with the locking mechanism, she jerked it open and paused.
Before Tessa could ask what was going on, Evelyn raised an open hand. They remained like that for a good minute to confirm their outing did not arouse suspicion. Once satisfied, Evelyn popped off the lock and opened the door.
“Follow me,” Evelyn whispered, keeping the mangled lock in hand.
As they entered the building, the blue light emanating from the water was bright enough for them to discern massive iron beams and marble. Unlike their building, this construction was comparatively modern. The façades of its ancestors had been preserved while erecting a new structure from within to maintain their heritage on a budget. Despite the superior construction techniques, this marvel of modern construction had been lost to the encroaching sea.
They walked past rotting chairs, tables, and what were the remnants of a bar. This place was once a high-end restaurant, but a storm surge two years back left it contaminated with sewage and forced it to shut down. Now waves were lapping up against the opposing wall, or what remained of it…
As waves beat against the stonework, Tessa noticed how the blue phosphorescent light was generated by the churn. Since the east wall had given way to the relentless sea, she saw other ruined buildings dead ahead, empty hulls of civilisation that were surrounded by glowing white-capped waves.
“It’s beautiful,” Tessa said. “Frightening, too.”
“It is,” Evelyn said as she discarded her rebreather.
Without another word, Evelyn walked over to the north-east corner where the flooring had rotted through. Tessa followed and spotted a rigid hulled inflatable boat tethered to one of the support beams.
“How did you—” Tessa asked.
“All in due time,” Evelyn said before stepping onto the boat, taking her place near the engine’s controls. “A patrol is coming this way, so we need to get out of sight fast.”
Tessa knew better than to question her wife on matters such as this. After getting onboard, she sat just ahead of Evelyn and watched as they slipped out into the iridescent waters. Fortunately, the boat was nearly silent. The motor was small and battery powered, so their chances of being detected were low.
  
The rest of the journey went smoothly. They approached a tower poking through the water, evoking the image of an electrical plug that had been torn in half. The sight of those rods sticking out of the top helped her figure out where they were. This place had once been a museum that showcased the foundations of the European settlement on the isle, and was now, for the most part, submerged. How long before the ocean takes it all?
Evelyn pointed a finger at the shore before they disappeared behind the tower. In the distance, Tessa made out the muzzles of assault rifles lit up by their mounted lights. A patrol had indeed been headed towards what remained of the restaurant, and any delay might have condemned them to imprisonment or death. Tessa sighed in relief and teared up as they came alongside what was left of the tower’s observation deck.
“This place is only accessible at high tide,” Evelyn explained.
Since they were within range, Evelyn tossed her backpack onto the platform which caused the iron beams to resonate. Tessa winced, but her wife did not appear concerned. Instead, Evelyn adjusted the throttle to hold steady against the current and motioned for Tessa to hop on.
Tessa managed to get onto the platform, albeit in an awkward fashion, which almost ended in her face planting. Prior to leaving the boat, Evelyn locked the throttle in place and tore into the pontoons with her talons. The small boat blew past Tessa on the platform, and Evelyn leapt effortlessly onto the makeshift dock.
They watched the boat cut through the waves, taking on water, as it made headway towards an odd series of cube-shaped dwellings that had been a part of some radical housing development. This was an architectural oddity built well-before her grandmother had been a child. What remained was scattered and chaotic after a derelict container ship crashed into them. The impact must have been massive since what remained reminded her of toy blocks, dispersed during a child’s temper tantrum.
“Come on,” Evelyn urged after opening the door.
Again, Tessa complied without hesitation and ventured into the tower. This level was nothing more than an iron lattice floor, just like the outside surface. Inside, she found a cot, sleeping bag, cooking stove, and boxes of provisions—everything they would need to survive a zombie apocalypse… if only it were that easy.
“You have been busy?” Tessa asked.
Evelyn closed the door, securing it with a massive iron crossbar. She responded to the question with a smile, but that only made her look guilty, which, in itself, said a lot.
“Would I have given you an option that was not fully planned out?” Evelyn asked.
“True,” Tessa admitted while thinking how grateful she was for all of this planning. “So, why this place?”
“It’s isolated and hard to access,” Evelyn said. “When the time comes, you’ll be able to get to water through that hatch.”
Unlike the rest of this structure, the hatch was new. Tessa could tell from the shiny soldering lines and freshly painted finish. In the past, there had been a stairwell leading down to the museum floor. That would be her safe space, away from shipping traffic or prying eyes.
“Now,” Evelyn said. “Get some rest.”
“Going to be difficult to manage with this rebreather,” Tessa replied.
Evelyn giggled, adding, “You won’t need it. Not here.”
Tessa furrowed her brow but pulled the mask from her face despite having serious misgivings. The system did not immediately go into alarm, so she took in a few lungfuls of brine-filled air.
“Wait…” Tessa said, confused about what was going on.
“The blue light is generated by algae,” Evelyn said. “It interacts with ultraviolet light that penetrates the fog. In fact, the process generates oxygen.”
“So, I can breathe in here?” Tessa confirmed.
Evelyn nodded and said, “A bit lower in oxygen concentration than you are accustomed to, but there is enough interchange with the water to keep you alive.”
“Real air?” Tessa asked again. The thought proved just as easy to believe as a woman in white guiding the dead to their final destination.
“It’s the same air, but the concentration drops the further you get from the shore,” Evelyn explained.
“Thank you!” Tessa exclaimed while dropping her rebreather by the cot.
Excited, Tessa rushed to her wife, embraced her fully, and kissed her passionately. Evelyn simply melted with that kiss, letting herself go while revelling in the intimacy.
Once Tessa broke away, she said, “I may need help to slip into that sleeping bag.”
“Is that all?” Evelyn said before winking.
“Well, I might need my personal physician to attend to my needs after that,” Tessa said, feigning injury.
“Let’s get my patient to bed then,” Evelyn said and surprised Tessa by sweeping her off her feet.
“Oh my,” Tessa said.
“You’ll see,” Evelyn said with a giggle.
  
Tessa opened her eyes and focused on the familiar trappings of the home she shared with Evelyn. She turned to face her wife, but found an expansive space where Evelyn should have been. An element of this situation bothered her, like knowing she had forgotten something but not remembering what.
“Evelyn?” Tessa wondered silently.
Evelyn did not appear, and given the situation, that was hardly unexpected. Still, Evelyn was normally there when she opened her eyes. Her wife often called it her intuition, but Tessa often guessed that it was something else entirely. Perhaps it was related to her superior sense of hearing?
“Is Evelyn out on the—” Tessa tried to ask out loud, but her mouth would not move.
While the inability to speak disturbed her, the growing sense of unease creeping in did not help matters. A bead of sweat rolled down her forehead even though she was shivering violently. Wait! If I’m cold then why is my head radiating heat?
Tessa experienced this as a child, a fever so severe that her parents were forced to rush her to the hospital. Was that where Evelyn had gone? Did she run out to secure medication, a doctor, or some form of transportation? Is she outside waiting to lead in the paramedics?
As a wave of nausea enveloped her, the world before her changed. The familiarity of her home was set aflame, turned to ash, and dispersed into the wind. What remained was minimalistic, cold, and far more disturbing. She was in a cell, dull grey, and made of concrete. Wherever she was, the service was terrible; they never bothered to give her a blanket, forcing her to lay directly on the cold surface.
“Ev—” Tessa tried to call out.
Again, Tessa could not complete her query. Just above, she became aware of hissing that originated from metal gratings affixed to the ceiling. Well, that certainly won’t help to calm me down.
If left to her own devices, she may have been able to temper her anxiety, but that was before the sound of locusts reached her clouded mind. While a single instance would have been tolerable, that noise was soon joined by a swarm that converged on her from every direction.
Tessa blinked and realised that her body was actually crawling with fire ants. The creatures covered her completely, so much so that there was no way to tell where one ant began and another ended. The visual display was accompanied by a burning and itching feeling. Her anxiety levels blew the bulb.
Panicked, she gasped for air, giving the ants an ingress point. They followed with zeal, biting her tongue. Tessa’s eyes grew wide, and with all the strength she could muster, she screamed.
  
“Wake up,” Evelyn hissed into Tessa’s ear.
Those words may have been whispered, but there was urgency behind them. Tessa gradually opened her eyelids and knew that she was safe upon catching sight of her wife’s deep green eyes.
Evelyn was straddling her, using those legs and that ass to keep Tessa pinned down. Confusion set in, but not before it dawned on her that there was something pressing against her tongue. Tessa had bitten down on something with a gristly interior, almost like a… a fucking hand.
When the taste of blood reached her tongue, Tessa tried to scream, but Evelyn slapped her hard enough to hear a snap. It was clear from those wide eyes that Tessa’s symptoms and associated nightmare were ill-timed.
“Don’t,” Evelyn whispered. “There’s a patrol outside. Bite down if you need to. Just don’t make a sound.”
The idea of them being so close distracted her from the pain. Why would anyone be so curious about the flooded ruins of a museum? Unless… They suspected something?
While those ideas coalesced into a coherent thought, Tessa felt a wave of pain. It started in her abdomen, formed a tight concentric circle around her spine, and radiated throughout her entire nervous system. What the fuck?
Despite having no desire to inflict pain, she could not help but bite down—hard. Tessa felt her teeth strain as they snapped bones. Evelyn kept on smiling while Tessa silently pleaded for it to stop.
Her pleas went unanswered; instead, the pain intensified. The shock to her system overwhelmed her mind, pushed her to the brink, and the world faded to black.
  
Tessa’s eyes shot open as firecrackers were set off in the room. Facing rusty support structures, her eyes darted from point to point until she caught some motion in her peripheral vision. She struggled to move her head to get a better view, but every muscle protested the effort. Her body was weary and exhausted, and it took all she had to angle her head a few more degrees.
The scene reminded her of a slaughterhouse or other such imagery that was frequently used as propaganda by animal rights groups. The wall was covered in long streaks of blood which hopefully meant that the source was dead.
With more strain, she made out a corpse near her cot, lying face down. She assumed it had once been a man, although the missing head and spine made it challenging to confirm. What kind of creature is capable of doing that to a person?
Against the wall, she saw someone fitted with light armour and a helmet. His head was turned at an unnatural angle, and despite there being no lower jaw, the gash in his throat made him look as though he were smiling. While disturbing, the sounds to the right of her made her stomach churn.
With plenty of reasons for concern, Tessa was highly motivated to get a better view. Near the door, another man was convulsing. In his hands, there was a service pistol with the slide fully to the rear. She thought surely, he must have missed his target, but right below those dimming eyes, she spotted Evelyn’s mangled body and bloody hair.
There were five bullet holes protruding out from Evelyn’s back. She watched first in horror, then in awe, as the holes closed themselves to reveal flawless skin. That explains why she managed to keep on smiling while I took a chunk out of her hand!
Alas, before she realised that this was a government patrol, another wave of pain washed over her. This time, the agony was centred around her lungs, creating sharp and intense spikes of torment that quickly overwhelmed her. Unable to take it any longer, Tessa passed out.
  
Tessa woke up gasping for air, despite her lungs going through the motions. This was a clear indication that something was wrong. Her eyes darted towards the door, spotting Evelyn with her fangs and claws fully extended. That is not helping matters!
For a fraction of a second, Evelyn made eye contact. At that moment, she knew they were out of time. The flashing red light caused by emergency lights outside illuminated her wife’s face with periodic inevitability.
“Get your ass to the water,” Evelyn said, although her mouth did not move.
Those words somehow focused Tessa, helping to alleviate some of her anxiety. Still, that could only work for so long. She needed to breathe, and for that to happen, she had to reach the water.
With that thought having supremacy of her mind, Tessa turned to face the hatch and noticed that it was already open. Just beyond, there came the overpowering odour of brine. Why does that smell remind me of home?
“Tessa Marie Nelligan! Tout de suite!” Evelyn yelled while hugging the wall.
Evelyn never used Tessa’s full name. Until now, instances had all been relegated to her parents, using it to highlight urgency or to make a less than subtle threat. By invoking that name, Evelyn had emphasised how dire their situation truly was.
“Get to the old sewer pipe! You’ll be safe—” Evelyn said.
A couple of projectiles ricocheted off the brick wall near Evelyn’s position. Tessa’s eyes widened with shock, motivating her enough to roll off the cot.
“Fuck!” Tessa so desperately wanted to say.
In the background, she heard boots marching towards them. Tessa used her arms to propel herself forward, since her legs were effectively dead weight. She hoped they would be of some use to her once submerged.
“Stay the fuck away!” Evelyn yelled.
The marching was soon accompanied by gunfire which shattered bones and tore holes through flesh. Tessa desperately wanted to see what was going on. Instinctually, she understood that her body could only function so long while deprived of oxygen. She focused on that desperation, channelled all of her anxiety, and willed enough strength to her legs to manage a single flailing flop.
The effort positioned her on her right side against the edge of the hatch. That impact hurt like a bitch, and to make things worse, her salvation was within line of sight.
“Over there!” an armoured man yelled as the chaos behind her intensified.
“Fuck—” Tessa thought, looking more like a fish out of water at this point.
In a last-ditch effort, Tessa pushed herself forward with her feet. The motion inadvertently shifted her centre of balance just enough for her to drop head first through the hatch. While it certainly was not graceful, her legs followed suit and slammed against the far side of the opening.
The pain made her gasp, filling her lungs with water which caused her to sink towards the foundations of the tower. Above her, the surface was disturbed by weapon fire. Fortunately, at this depth, the only thing she felt were metal fragments sinking past her.
That mattered little, however, considering she was still deprived of life-giving oxygen. Her lungs no longer worked; filled with fluid, she could not breathe the air either. That’s when the burning sensation returned, this time, encircling her neck.
The itching became unbearable, so Tessa clawed and tore at her flesh, clouding the water in a pink mist. The self-inflicted trauma caused the skin to split into horizontal slits that enabled water to cycle through. As her need for air subsided, her panic calmed. Wow! It’s cool down here.
“Get to the old sewer pipe,” Tessa remembered.
Tessa propelled herself forward using her legs and dove deeper into what remained of the museum. Normally, the dark waters would have been absurd for her to navigate, but her eyes easily perceived the outlines. All around were the submerged foundations of this nation’s greatest city.
Since Tessa had been here as a child, it took her no time at all to find the large diameter sewer pipe fashioned from brick and mortar. While giving it her all to reach safety, the lowest part of the tower shook. A quick glance revealed the orange glow of an explosion, followed by debris raining down around her. Evelyn must have chosen to blow the structure to prevent anyone from following.
Without any thought, Tessa kept on swimming, all the while ignoring her pained muscles. She stopped once under cover of the ancient sewer line, one that serviced their people for well over three-hundred years. This section of the waterway also travelled under a road and several other structures, so it would take a lot of effort to bring about a collapse. Now what?
As though reading her mind, something brushed up against her shoulder. Tessa kicked out, striking whatever tried to touch her while she twirled around to get a better view. Straight ahead, there was a man rubbing his sore jaw, followed by a young girl who did not appear to be related. They looked, for the most part, human. Well, except for the slits on their necks and their webbed digits.
Tessa watched how those ports in their necks opened and closed as they breathed. Their similarities led her to believe that they must have received the same type of treatment. Funny that a tail was so heavily featured in those ads considering that functional gills were the only detail that mattered… Wait! What are the chances of finding someone like me down here?
It then dawned on her what this encounter really was. Tessa smiled warmly to disarm the situation and watched as the others reciprocated. Wow! Evelyn really did think of everything.

CHAPTER 1
SLACK WATER
ONE-HUNDRED-AND-NINETY-SIXTH CYCLE
  
Just about,” the midwife said before shortening the space between her thumb and forefinger.
“How long?” Leela asked.
Leela had an idea how long it had been, because it was high tide when she first wondered if what she felt was more than a kick. Even when under several metres of water, she sensed that the currents had died down and that the pressure was low, signs that they were at slack tide.
“Twelve hours,” Essa, the family’s matron, answered.
Leela had no concept of hours, a measurement of time used by her ancestors before the waters claimed these lands. As another contraction built up, she shot a glance towards Essa for comfort, a woman who was said to be over two-hundred cycles old, but looked like mermaids half that age. Anyone that old was a child of the surface, a detail that most missed unless they looked for the ravages of time and gravity, namely the stretch marks on her bare breasts. Other such details were concealed by the kelp wrapping that started at her waist and went to her toes.
That wild hair was pitch black underwater, as were her eyes, since blue light did not reflect back their true glory. Leela had to avoid staring into those eyes; there was no warmth to be found there, only the reflection of all the pain and death they had witnessed.
There were a lot of risks for both the mother and child when giving birth, something that humans had nearly conquered. Still, every expectant mother had to take her chances. After all, what was life without risk?
Essa was haunted by the painful memories of watching her daughter and granddaughter die during childbirth. With her daughter, Lilly, Death had come for her while giving birth to her second child. Her grandchild, Lara, had given birth to five at once, but only Leela pulled through. It was no surprise that Essa had no desire to witness any more deaths.
As the pain intensified, Leela turned away from her great-grandmother to focus on the soft orange phosphorescent light. The concrete walls here were covered in barnacles and mussels. If not for these aquatic plants taking root in the silt-covered floor, there would have been no light.
Leela squeezed Essa’s hand for comfort, while a viscous cloud of yellow fluid emanated out from between her legs. The midwife took a large piece of kelp and fanned the worst of it away. Despite her best efforts, a school of fish rushed in to feast on nutrient rich fluid.
“Get!” The midwife yelled but utterly failed to scare them off. “See… head,” she added after giving up.
The change in fluid density caused Leela to settle on to the seaweed wrapped frame of what was once a gurney. For the first time in years, she was aware of the effect of gravity.
“Almost,” the midwife said.
“You are doing well,” Essa added for comfort.
Despite exhaustion and voracious hunger, Leela focused on those words and readied herself. It would not be long before they asked her to push, and given her exhaustion, she needed to draw on the last of her reserves.
“Push!” the midwife yelled, but her voice came in an octave higher, which ironically reduced the range.
The sound of that short P registered in Leela’s mind as another contraction hit her like a tsunami. She pushed; her teeth strained and her great-grandmother’s hand held up to the intense grip. Every part of her was focused on this singular task, and just like that, it was done.
An infant with what looked to be a tail, came into view. This sage femme caught the newborn, and wrapped the torso in a thick piece of kelp while examining the child.
The baby’s eyes were wide and panicked, but the most telling detail was the lack of slits along its neck. She grabbed a nearby seashell and ran the sharp edge over the flawless skin. The blood marred her vision but confirmed the worst: this was a child born without gills.
The infant opened its mouth, and took in a lungful of water. Once fluid filled its lungs, the infant calmed down and stilled as the glow of life faded from those big grey eyes.
“No,” Essa whispered.
The exhausted Leela opened her weary eyes and caught sight of blood in the water. With that deafening silence filling the space, she leaned her head back onto the gurney and closed her eyes.
“What—” the midwife asked.
Essa shook her head to interrupt before placing a lone finger perpendicular to her lips. Now was not the time to bring up any logistical concerns. A life had been extinguished moments after birth, and the mother needed time to come to terms with what happened.
There were dangers associated with bringing children into their world. Those fortunate enough to receive the full treatment had tails. Genetically, they were not even classifiable as humans. They were the product of genetic splicing with other species, all to adapt their physiology for aquatic life.
The matron and her descendants had not been so lucky. Their transition had only been partial, meaning that their humanity risked asserting itself in future generations. While this infant had a tail, courtesy of the highborn donor, one fatal flaw had been introduced by their inferior breeding.
“Cannot—” Leela began to say before another contraction hit her.
While the last one had been big, this latest contraction was more pronounced. When the midwife realised what was going on, she let the dead infant sink into the mud and focused on what needed to be done.
The top of a head with wisps of black hair made an appearance into the world. Before the midwife had a chance to say another word, Leela was pushing again. Despite the desire to support her great-granddaughter, Essa could no longer bear the pain. She tried to extricate herself, but could not tear herself away from that iron grip.
“Go,” the midwife urged as more of the child appeared. There came a head at first, followed by shoulders, arms, belly and eventually… legs!
“No…” Essa lamented.
This small miracle was perfect… for a human. The child’s eyes were shut, as though reeling from pain, and the low whining sound she made confirmed it. Fortunately, the act of being jostled away from the mother caused it to burp.
A great big bubble of air spilled out from between those lips, followed by what appeared to be an adorable smile. On both sides of her neck, there were four vertical slits, just like everyone else in her line, starting with Essa.
“Girl,” the midwife said before wrapping the child in another piece of kelp and propelling herself towards her mother.
That’s when she noticed that Essa’s forehead was pressed firmly against Leela’s. She had not noticed because the infant’s blood still marred the water, but the mother was bleeding out from a deep tear brought on by the delivery. That last push exacerbated the trauma, and now it was too late for them to intervene. Underwater, it was impossible to do an intravenous transfusion, even if they had the gear.
Leela was pale, listless, and those grey eyes glazed over. If it were not for the minute movement of those gills, the midwife would have assumed the young mother had died.
That marked the moment when the fragile balance between the tides faltered, the first sign of which was brought upon by a fresh current. Soon this place would be filled with fresh seawater, and that meant—
“Danger,” the midwife said, proving to be as wise as advertised.
Essa looked up and quickly came to the same realisation. Predators were sure to follow the trail of blood to the source, and their hunger would not be easily satiated. Without their help, the new-born would end up as the third casualty of the day.
This was a choice that no one should ever have to make, and yet such decisions were now the norm. The matron’s features hardened after coming to terms with the harsh reality, and she made the only choice that was left to her.
“I love you,” Essa said before kissing Leela on the forehead, nodding to the midwife.
Both women understood that there was not much time. Essa, being the eldest, took the child in her arms and kicked out towards the exit that went against the current. Life was precious for their kind, and the community would rally to ensure they had a good life. When the child was safe, Essa would have the opportunity to return for what remained of their bodies. Leela deserved better.
“Name?” The midwife asked upon catching up, courtesy of the speed blessed to those with a tail.
At the other end of the ruined hallway, Essa saw the phosphorescent blue light generated by waves. She remembered the first time she laid eyes on that from the surface, along with the scent of that crisp brine-filled air. A lot had happened since making the choice to risk it all for a chance to live underwater. Now it was her duty to make sure this child had a fighting chance in life.
“Anna…” Essa said, while pushing through the water as fast as her legs could manage. “You’ll make it… I promise.”

CHAPTER 2
OCEAN’S SHADOW
TWO-HUNDRED-AND-THIRTY-SEVENTH CYCLE
  
Anna propelled herself towards the water’s surface until her reflection came into focus. To keep steady, she grabbed onto a barnacle encrusted loop anchored into the concrete.
Right before her was the reflection of her true self, rather than what she imagined herself to be. This was the image of a mermaid that no one would dare call a youngling. Alas, while in her prime, gifted with defined musculature, subtle curves, and a body that never once tasted gravity, those from the village seldomly looked past her legs.
Cursed with the same outlook on life, Anna focused on her pale skin, dark brown eyes, and wild black hair that refused to be tamed. It was the latter trait that forced Anna to keep it in a ponytail, otherwise it always got in the way.
“What’s a pony?” Anna asked herself, cognisant that the expression either made reference to something extinct or to something that had no bearing on those living under the waves.
As the question lingered, Anna made a mental note to ask Essa about the origins of that term. While most of her pod dreaded getting caught up in one of her great-great-grandmother’s stories, Anna loved to hear about the old world. Those stories were from a time and place that suited those with her limitations, as opposed to now.
That was why her reflection was such a disappointment for her. Anna would have preferred to have been blessed with a bald head, scaly skin, and piercing yellow eyes, the traits that the upper class possessed to make life under the sea easier.
“Not to mention, a beautiful tail,” Anna thought, while pushing out water from between her lips, a reaction that Essa often referred to as a sigh.
Tails were a huge advantage in the water. Despite her webbed fingers and toes, Anna had no hope of keeping up with tailed merfolk… or as Essa coined them, the highborn.
The ancestors of these highborns had been wealthy enough to afford the full treatment from a place called Hina, a faraway land to the east. This superior therapy was capable of turning the chosen few into a species perfectly suited to the ocean’s depths. Unlike—
“How high?” Osef asked from below.
Anna heard the elongated pronunciation of every syllable, stretched out to increase the range and their chances of being understood. Essa often complained about this form of communication, especially at the travesty of cutting out words to speed things along. For anyone born into this world, this was the norm, but their family’s matron had grown up above the waves. Given their situation, she may as well have been born on another planet.
To confirm, she looked down and saw the elder highborn merman pointing towards the water’s surface before transitioning to the sea floor. That motion confirmed what she had been asked to do, so she nudged herself closer to the surface and made out an etching that corresponded to the sea level.
“Five…” Anna said while holding up one hand with her fingers spread out. After a pause, she added, “Seven,” before introducing two fingers on her second hand.
The old merman nodded in understanding. Ironically, it took more time for Anna to say it than it would have been for him to swim up and get the information himself. Still, that would bring him awfully close to the surface, something all highborns instinctively feared.
“How?” Osef said while holding his thumb and forefinger close together.
Anna noticed the symbol for soon and nodded in reply. More often than not, a bit of sign language saved a lot of time. Although, the irony was not lost on her that time was the reason they were here.
Anna was able to survive outside the water, or so most believed. The matron often mentioned that her treatment would permit them to return to the surface.
“To what?” Anna asked once when this revelation was made.
“Exactly,” Essa replied and left it at that.
Curious, she used the etching as a hand grip and pushed herself up towards the surface. She had never taken the risk before, but what was the worst that could happen?
The first thing she felt was heat, since the air on the other side was hotter than the water. Her skin tingled, and once her chin broke through the surface, she opened her eyes. At first, the world before her shimmered as water ran down from her hair onto her forehead and eyes. When her vision cleared up, Anna made out the remnants of this cylindrical concrete structure that Essa called a grain silo.
This was one of the few places near the village unaffected by surface wind and currents. That’s why they measured the tides from within, because in a world perpetually aglow in blue phosphorescent light, it was impossible for them to determine the passage of time. How else would they know that she had spent over forty cycles swimming through these waters?
At the seven. mark the barnacles and sea life that clung to the structure were nowhere to be found. By nine, the etchings themselves were gone, leaving a smooth grey surface that opened up high above.
“Sky,” Anna wondered, while looking at the thick mass of orange cloud.
Engrossed by this experience, Anna was caught unawares when something grabbed onto her foot and dragged her down. Surprised, she attempted to scream, but succeeded only in shooting a jet of salt water from out of her open mouth. Before she knew what happened, her head was submerged.
With her vision restored, Anna turned to face the aggressor, but realised the situation was not what it appeared to be. A half-metre below, she made out the blonde haired and black eyed Ulia, a mermaid from their pod who chose to call Anna a friend, despite being gifted with a beautiful tail.
“Why?” Ulia said while pointing at the surface.
Anna shrugged and replied, “Curious.”
At first, Anna expected her friend to break out in a smile. But those facial features were strained, and there was genuine panic reflected in those wide eyes. She was tempted to dismiss the reaction as melodramatic, but a glance towards Osef revealed that he was pale as a whitefish.
“Clearly my curiosity made them nervous,” Anna thought, realising that her face was warm again, this time for an entirely different reason.
“Never,” Ulia said sternly while shaking her head.
“Never,” Anna mimicked to concede.
“Good,” Ulia said. “Done?” She asked while sliding her fingers along the etchings.
“Done,” Osef replied from below to defuse the situation.
  
If there was one certainty in this world, it was that Ulia never made an appearance unless there was something on her mind. They had grown up together despite being from differing levels of the social strata; it was unusual for someone with a tail to seek out a lesser mermaid.
While her friend may have had a tail, Ulia’s mother kept her anchored to a lower stratum. While there was a little wiggle room even at that level, her human hair and eyes did not help in getting accepted by the highborns.
Sure enough, when they left through an ancient doorway in the silo, Ulia had a smirk that reached from ear to ear. Her friend must have concocted some sort of plan and, as usual, she was involved. After all, what was the point of a good plan, if one could not enlist others?
Within their pod, Ulia had been self-elevated to the title of mastermind. While she was often the one who came up with plans, the truth was that such ideas had often gone through Anna’s mind earlier. The big difference was that Anna never figured that the risk was worth the reward.
Never one for small talk, Ulia pressed a finger against her ear and asked, “Udeau?”
To avoid giving an immediate answer on whether she had ever heard of such a place called Udeau, Anna turned away from her friend and looked over their village. Since the silo stood at the periphery of the place she called home, it gave her a great view of their community.
This place was not much to brag about, not when compared to the cities that were said to exist close to Hina. Still, over the past two-hundred-and-eighteen cycles, they did manage to build up something respectable.
In the foreground, there was a series of small dwellings built up from the only thing that remained from the homes of the original subdivision… basements. Most of these dwellings were shaped like capsized ships, because fibreglass hulls often made up a large part of the roof. Such material had the advantage of resisting the effects of salt water and could be structurally strong enough to survive storms and high current.
Essa often spoke about their housing developments, but the concept of symmetrical homes, built with straight lines and square angles, was difficult to imagine. Anna often wished that she could find an intact example to better appreciate the architecture of old. What are the chances of that happening?
Further back, the buildings were larger and more prominent. Some even contained multiple habitable levels. Many of these served as storefronts, classrooms, or transient quarters. The latter was important, because a place this size relied heavily on trade for its survival.
While such structures were remnants of commercial buildings, they had been patched up so often that none remotely resembled the original design. For one, no matter the initial building materials used, everything was covered in barnacles, mussels, and other forms of sea life. This place they called home was, like it or not, shared by a myriad of sea life.
It was unfortunate that building materials were limited. While humans had surrounded themselves in technology that could extract what they needed from the Earth, merfolk had no such luxury.
So that led her to consider the name Udeau in the context of their primary economy, namely pillaging the old world for usable materials. Refined materials such as brass, glass, and quarried stone were invaluable for trade. Every single one of these homes was built from something stolen from our past.
For two mermaids on the lower-end of society, a lot of money could be made if one knew where to find the right materials. An airport was sure to be filled with glass, plastics, and wiring, all of which were certain to generate healthy profits as long as they kept their finds a secret.
Anna turned back around and said, “Myth,” to test Ulia on how certain she was of her source.
“No,” Ulia replied while shaking her head. “Udeau… metal whales swim… in… air?”
When Ulia spread her arms out from her torso, that confirmed Anna’s suspicions. This, of course, forced her to question how this particular tidbit of information had come to light.
“Essa?” Anna asked while circling a finger around her moving lips several times before pointing at her friend.
Very few of the town’s founders remained, and fewer still would give them the time of day. It was said that merfolk had been hunted down by what remained of the humans, a time Essa called the age of chaos, which explained many of the first deaths. Then came the challenge associated with adapting to a strange new world, which cost the lives of several elders. Then there was time. Simply put, no one born underwater lived to see their one-hundred-and-seventy-fifth cycle.
Anna remembered Essa theorising that the treatment she took to become a mermaid was also the source of her longevity. Essa also believed that tiny little robots, small enough to travel within her body, were the likely culprit. That was a concept that Anna simply could not fathom, especially when technology did not work for long under the sea.
Since most of the villagers were descended from the founders, it was safe to assume that her family’s matron had been the source. Still, Essa did not share such insights, because these bastions of humanity were also death traps.
When Ulia shook her head and smiled, curiosity swelled within Anna’s heart. How exactly did such a juicy tidbit of old-world knowledge end up in Ulia’s lap?
Anna’s eyes widened before asking, “How?”
To tease, Ulia shrugged as though there was no answer. However, when those eyebrows bunched together, Anna realised it had been a ruse. As a precaution, Anna kept her mouth shut. It was unwise to torpedo a plan before all the details came to the surface.
Without a word, Ulia flicked her tail and swam around to the far side of the silo. Anna could not help but stare, envious of those able to move around with such ease. She looked down towards her own long and muscular legs and hung her head in shame.
“See,” Ulia said.
Anna took a moment to look up and face her friend. She needed time to remind herself that no matter how much she wished for it to be different, those legs were a permanent fixture.
When the world came back into focus, Anna saw her friend holding on to a large piece of glass. It was pristine, and samples half this size regularly sold for a princely sum. From the looks of it, it had been part of an auto, as Essa liked to say, but that detail mattered little.
There was a piece of transparent plastic affixed to the glass. At first glance, there was nothing visible, but once raised against the phosphorescent glow, the symbology and writing became visible. For most of the residents of this fair community, that would be the end of it, but Essa was known for imparting details of the old-world… as long as it did not get someone killed.
At the top there were three pictures: one which featured a winged fish, another that resembled some of the local flora, and another that featured the figure eight.
Sure enough, Anna made out the reference to Udeau, and found what looked to be an address. Why would Ulia be so excited about that?
How a piece of a vehicle came to be found intact by scavengers was beyond her, since most vehicles had dissolved into heaps long ago. However, the sea and its current worked in mysterious ways.
Still, addresses did not mean much nowadays. There were no maps lying around, nor did street signs remain firmly affixed atop their poles.
“So?” Anna asked, because for the first time since being a youngling, her mind was not following the clues.
Ulia winked and pointed her finger at a bunch of squiggles on the lower left corner. Since Anna had never seen a map, it was easy for her to dismiss it as nothing more than another symbol. However, the associated writing and symbology filled in the missing details.
“Twenty…” Anna said while looking past her friend towards the elevated mounds that went off in the distance.
It turned out that the airport was located off the same roadway they were on. Still their community was settled, purposefully away from the city, so to find the airport, they would need to venture through the city’s ruins.
“Go… city?” Anna confirmed while tracing the path of a highway that fed into the city.
It was said that humans had built towers so tall that they still broke through the water. That much had been true one-hundred cycles ago, but would that hold water today? Would such massive towers of stone and steel collapse when they ventured by? Who knew? Still, the rewards, if they found the airport, would be well worth the risk.
“No…” Ulia said in reply.
That answer nearly managed to set Anna’s mind at ease. However, an aspect of the answer gnawed at her, because her friend would have never mentioned the airport unless—
“Around,” Ulia added while whirling her finger in a circle.
The final piece fell into place, Ulia expected them to skirt around the remnants of the city. In theory, it was possible since the city had been built on an island. Although, this plan assumed that the currents from the great river surrounding the isle were not a factor. Were they?
“Others?” Anna asked as a way to stall, long enough to consider her course of action.
Ulia shook her head, and Anna understood why her friend was here. No one would dare venture out into the unknown with a killick, because legs slowed them down… unless they were out of options.
“No one?” Anna asked while cocking her left brow.
Why were their podmates so afraid of making the journey? Even a couple of intact mirrors would fetch enough to fund the entire expedition. Although, they might have to face the wrath of their parents—
“Twenty,” Anna answered her own question.
That number was an anachronism from the founders’ day. Both the mermaids were roughly twenty-years old according to bygon calendars, and that translated to about forty cycles. This meant they were beyond parental control, yet their friends had used their parents as an excuse to bow out.
So, in a last-ditch effort to give herself an out, Anna pointed towards the silo and said, “Work.”
A smile grew on Ulia’s lips, one so suggestive that even Anna felt warmth radiate from between her legs. It seemed that the mastermind had finally come up with something that Anna would not be able to back away from. I wonder if Oseph’s heart will hold out?

CHAPTER 3
INTO THE DEPTHS
  
While Ulia secured some leave, Anna had ample time to collect her things. She never took much with her when going to work, but it ended up being most of what she owned.
It would have been simpler for Anna to be a highborn, since those blessed with tails had no need of clothing. Many refused to even take backpacks with them, as though donning one would turn them into a vile human. That’s why they keep us around, to carry their loads.
However, standards of dress were far more restrictive to those born with legs. The expectation was for humanoids to conceal their gender specific attributes. They consider it obscene for us to expose them to our humanity.
Anna was taught as a child to wrap her legs using readily available materials like kelp. The latter was plentiful and offered a bit of padding, useful when swimming through rough terrain. While she loathed to admit it, it ended up being a blessing, since humanoids lacked grace underwater.
On the other hand, her wrappings did reduce her speed and she needed to remove them prior to entering the silo. Oseph did not mind. Quite the opposite, as judged by the number of times she was forced to remind him to keep his eyes on the register as opposed to her ass.
When finished with her wrapping, Anna secured it using an old silver pin that Essa had given her. Blessed by good timing, Ulia swam out with an entirely different look on her face. Those with tails so easily get what they wish.
“All good?” Anna asked as a courtesy, although being granted an extended leave of absence did merit a thanks.
Ulia approached without reply and ran a finger along Anna’s jawline which made her skin tingle. She momentarily wondered what was going on until she caught the vacant stare. Great, she’s aroused and any warm-blooded creature will do to get her past the finish line…
Anna had seen such behaviour before, cases where the imperative to breed sometimes overrode all reason. So, she let herself fall forward onto the sea floor, twirled onto her tummy, locked her arms into place, and kicked Ulia hard in the chest.
Ulia went from one extreme to the other. The blank stare turned into a raging inferno, and those razor-sharp teeth came into view. In the pale blue light, those pearly whites glowed, a particularly chilling detail. This could end up in one of two ways: either Ulia would move in for the kill or regain control of her faculties. Oh, please come back to me.
At that moment, Anna had no idea how this would play out. A fight was not an option and, for the same reason, she did not have the luxury of running away. The best she could hope for was to yell and hope that Oseph could rouse himself from his sex-induced stupor and come to her aid.
When those features softened, Anna smiled nervously, but maintained her place nearer to the seafloor. At this juncture, it paid to appear non-threatening.
“All good,” Ulia said like nothing happened.
“High tide?” Anna said while pointing at the remains of an old road sign.
Before Ulia disappeared in the distance, she nodded. I guess that means, yes?
  
Anna approached the home she shared with her great-great-grandmother, Essa. She would have never been able to afford such a place on her own, at least not in her current job… unless she found herself a wealthy suitor… Right! Like that will ever happen.
Unlike most of the other homes in her neighbourhood, this one had been built into the ground. While smaller in size, it blended in with the aquatic plants that covered the sea floor. Their home was always teeming with life, even when both the mermaids were away from home.
Essa often referred to this place as Bag End, but Anna never understood the reference. Still, she lingered by the plastic doors they salvaged from an old shed, while working up the courage to venture inside. It was nearly impossible to gather what she needed without running into the eldest of their family. Wait! Why am I worried? Does Essa really care?
Despite being the matron of the family, Anna never found Essa to be particularly draconian, at least not when compared to her peers. Sure, as a young child there had been a lot of rules, but as she grew into a young mermaid, many were cast aside for freedom. The only rule that remained in full vigour was never to fall for a man with a tail.
“The kind with a caudal fin,” Essa often clarified after reminding Anna of that rule.
Essa had seen a lot of mermaids die in an attempt to have offspring with a highborn’s traits. Given how all that death had left a gaping hole in her heart, she was not about to risk Anna’s life. For now, that rule held no sway; Anna had no interest in settling down, so why fight it? If I were to find love, how easy would it be to follow then?
As the door opened, she scanned the room for signs of the matriarch. The entire room was fashioned from the modular parts used to make storage sheds. A pleasant side effect of using synthetic materials was its ability to resist sea life from adhering to the surface. This effectively made their home one of the few places that she knew of to be free from barnacles.
Deck furniture made up the bulk of the contents, which suited them just fine. Such contraptions annoyed Ulia to no end, but then again, she was just visiting. Ultimately, this was their sanctuary, and this village featured few places where one could sit down and forgo having to constantly steady themselves.
There was a large planters box located in the centre of the room, one filled with silt and mud. It was enough for phosphorescent plants to take root and give this place a warm red glow.
Every wall featured a set of doors embedded within, the closest set, matching the room. The other matched whatever set they scrounged when putting that room together. This gave Essa and Anna a room each, while the one directly opposite the main entrance was used for storage.
Before Anna could sneak into her room, Essa opened her doors and walked into the main living space. Anna tried to hide her guilt with a warm smile, but the mermaid who raised her took one quick look and somehow knew what was going on.
“How long?” Essa asked, before sliding onto a plastic bench.
Anna slumped her shoulders in defeat and kicked off towards a nearby chair. The icy look in Essa’s eyes changed her mind, so she adjusted her buoyancy to walk normally along the surface.
“Week,” Anna said while she ran a finger from one side of her face to the other. “Two.”
“You are going with Ulia?” Essa confirmed.
How could that woman glean so much from a single look? Of course, Essa knew that Ulia was part of their group, but to guess her involvement? That said a lot about how much she paid attention to what was being said.
“Yes,” Anna replied, seeing no point in lying at this point.
“Where to?” Essa asked in return.
“Airport,” Anna said and waited for the bitter end to snap off.
Essa’s eyes widened at the mention of that word. The emotions and thoughts that passed through her mind were likely those that Anna mulled over, even now. The matron must have believed that she would take that information to her grave. After all, many died in the attempt to pick clean the proverbial bones of humanity’s reign.
“Oh,” Essa said without elongating the sound.
It was fortunate that Anna had known this mermaid all her life. While those born to the sea naturally elongated their words to increase comprehension, those from before tended to lapse back into what worked on land.
Her response was telling. All of that anxiety and fear was contained in a singular blip. Anna tried to maintain a stoic appearance, but hurting the closest thing she had to a mother was taking its toll. Still, Anna had to consider her future and tracking the tides would not bring her wealth, fame, or opportunity.
“Well,” Essa said after recovering from her initial surprise, “Come on then.”
Anna watched the elder enter the storage room before following suit. What could be in there that will help me?
Despite being considered an adult in their society, Anna realised that she had a great deal to learn that day. Essa moved to the centre of the storage area and set aside a few miscellaneous items, nothing that would do her any good… until Essa lifted rubber matting to reveal a hatch.
“A…” Essa said, “…friend once owned these lands. This particular site had been used to make cheese, because a creek ran alongside for cold storage, even without power.”
There were plenty of words in that lengthy statement that Anna did not fully comprehend. For a mermaid, words like cheese and creek never entered into a normal conversation. Anna listened on out of respect for her elder, who despite providing too much context, was sharing some long-held secrets.
Essa reached down to grab a brass handle and removed the thick wooden cover. Initially, Anna hesitated, but Essa waved away all those doubts by motioning for her to come forward.
“My friend was a bit paranoid,” Essa said. “So, she kept caches throughout her holdings.”
Anna got close enough to recognise the evenly spaced rungs that led deeper into the ground. She was sorely tempted to ask where these led to, but suspected her elder would eventually shed some light on that subject.
The matron reached into a porcelain vase and pulled out a cylindrical object, one made of transparent plastic that gave them a clear view of the intricate web of wiring and electronics inside. While unsure of what this device did, Anna knew it had to be old.
Essa shook it vigorously for about a minute before pressing a button. Anna actually kicked back and slammed into the wall when white light subsequently flooded the room.
Her eyes were not accustomed to seeing the full spectrum of light, so it took a moment for the pain to subside. Once able to see clearly, Anna realised the room was filled with an array of colours that she had never seen before. When the world was perpetually lit by sources of blue, green, orange and red light, how could one truly appreciate the full spectrum?
As judged by the neutral features on the matron’s face, the response was normal. Anna then noticed that Essa was trying to hand over the light.
“I’m too… old to go down there again,” Essa said as an excuse. “I stowed away a few things over the years.”
“Things?” Anna asked while looking at the flashlight as though it were some sort of magical item handed down by a god.
“You think that you’re the only one that had the idea of going out to explore the old-world?” Essa asked.
Anna thought it over and realised just how foolish she had been. Salvage was worth a great deal, and many made the same choice. My mother and grandmother probably had dreams of leaving all of this behind as well.
So, what would she find down there? Wealth from a forgotten time? Weapons capable of unimaginable destruction? Perhaps she would—
“Instead of standing there,” Essa said, “why don’t you go down and see for yourself?”
She looked down at the shaft, and then at the flashlight. A smirk creeped on to those lips, before grabbing the light and diving into the depths.
“Thank you!” Anna yelled on her way down.
  
Anna looked over what was left of the old highway. First, she focused on the remnants of the road sign, a tall post covered in a thick layer of white residue. On top, there was a sign, the back of which was marred by puffs of rust, a clue that the protective coating had been worn away with time. The front was a different matter. The surface still reflected the pale blue light, and even from where she stood, it was easy to make out the familiar figures two and zero.
Just beyond there was a large lattice structure which accommodated several large signs. Alas, those had been stripped away years ago and used to make a home. All that remained was the rusty skeleton, shimmering in waves, a reminder that what remained of humanity was dwindling.
Anna made out a pair of mounds that went off into the distance, beyond her range of vision. These were higher than the surroundings and ran parallel to one another. Notably, these ancient roads also had a distinctive flat surface, and that would help them stay on course.
“Where,” Ulia said while circling a finger around Anna’s frame, “from?”
While Anna had been looking off into the distance when her friend arrived, the pressure above hinted that the time was just right she expected the interruption. Despite not hearing her friend approach, she was able to remain calm, cool, and collected in all of her new gear.
“Essa gave,” Anna replied while pointing at the specific items.
That answer was mostly true, and avoided a whole slew of questions on the particulars. Some information was better confined within the depths of one’s own mind.
“Nice,” Ulia said without a hint of envy.
Anna managed to find a lot of items within the depths, rows upon rows of things, all corroded over the cycles. She suspected these had once been weapons, because the plastic elements reminded her of similar components found on toys they occasionally found protruding from the mud.
What she discovered suited her needs admirably. Most of the items within were from a time before the floods, and while some were tattered rags due to ending up as fish food, others remained usable.
She found a jacket made of a stretchy rubber-like material. While too long at the sleeves, she folded the material onto itself to provide more protection. This lightweight item would keep her warm, even in the worst of currents, and not slow her down.
Fortunately, there was also a backpack made of a similar material, which she grabbed. The ability to bring more than her hands could carry ensured greater profits.
While the zipper assembly had rotted away leaving her chest exposed, Anna found a workaround for that as well. To think she nearly missed it on her initial run due to the dimming light of her flashlight. After shaking the device back to life, she noticed an object glistening in the light, a hybrid of both worlds, an item that would fit over her chest to close the gap, and provide a measure of protection.
The armour was made of cut up tyre tread and tied together with salvaged cabling. She suspected the wires were coated, since the ends were green and corroded. While heavier than she might have wished for, it was possible to compensate by increasing her buoyancy.
“Thanks,” Anna replied to Ulia. “Ready?”
Ulia wore a coat of chain mail, fashioned from salvaged metal. The craftsmanship was both intricate and beautiful, which meant that someone had gone through a great deal of effort. No one in her pod could afford the materials, let alone the workmanship.
Either the coat had been stolen, or it was loaned out on the promise of a share of the booty. Based on what she knew of Ulia, the latter appeared more likely. In addition to the coat, Ulia carried two spears. The wooden staffs and brass tips with serrated edges were also not cheap, although more common. Hopefully, she hasn’t spent all her profits before leaving.
“Here,” Ulia said before tossing a spear towards her friend.
Anna grabbed it and found the spear to be balanced. She should have considered bringing a weapon along despite her cumbersome legs reducing her mobility and speed. Being armed when a predator attacked was better than having no weapon at all. Especially if I can’t make a run for it.
“Thanks,” Anna replied. “Ready?”
When Ulia noticed that Anna was pointing at the old road sign she nodded and said, “Lead?”
“Right,” Anna replied, since it was easier to keep pace when the slowest member.

CHAPTER 4
WATER OVER THE BRIDGE
  
Anna thoroughly enjoyed leaving behind the familiar for the unknown. Even with little to draw her eye, other than forests of kelp and an occasional reef, Anna revelled in the novelty of it.
Over time, the remnants of humanity became more pronounced as they swam over lands that were once home to tens of thousands, not that they could tell at first glance. There was little left of the various homes, buildings, streets, and infrastructure to appreciate the urban sprawl that once existed.
More commonly, they discovered the foundations of a home that left behind a symmetrical depression or protruded from the mud. While wooden shipwrecks were still found today, the wood from these constructions never survived the rising waters. Essa often said that the impact from rolling waves was like being repeatedly hit with a bulldozer… whatever that is.
They occasionally came across a stone chimney or brick facing that defied the odds by remaining upright despite the rest of the home washing away. These were eerie reminders of the world that was. Anna would have loved to explore, if she were not urged onwards by Ulia.
Another common find were heaps of rust left behind by rotting cars or from ferrous material like street lamps, the latter of which was recognisable by the glass bulbs fused into the mess. Synthetic materials like piping, furniture, and shower stalls littered the seafloor and sighting them never failed to dredge up a line that Essa often repeated: what is the lasting impact of plastics on the environment? Well, I guess we have our answer.
Most peculiar was the overabundance of toilets, some of which were still attached to plumbing and, on occasion, suspended in mid-water. Anna was curious about the role these contraptions played back in the day. After all, none of the merfolk had ever been potty trained.
In spite of such wonders, Ulia showed no interest in the world that was. Her eyes were firmly fixed on the twinned road that cut a swath through these flooded realms.
It was fortunate that there were markers used to identify major roadways. While a great deal of them had washed away or were buried in the mud, those they found confirmed they were on course.
Sometimes there were other symbols attached to the posts they found. One of which resembled an impaled starfish. Neither of the mermaids knew what it meant, but an in-depth knowledge of twenty-first century highway regulations was not desirable nor necessary.
At low tide, they came across an oddity, a place that mother nature forgot about. An area nestled away within the nook of a hill, hid a half-circle of houses that appeared to be intact.
This time, Anna would not be dissuaded from taking a quick peek at such a find. Either way, they would need several days to reach the foot of the old city, so it was a case of slowing down to enjoy the scenery or risk exhaustion at a critical juncture. The former had merit, since it allowed them to replenish their supplies. Still, to manage Ulia, it helped to have a readymade plan. Shit! I only kind of have a plan.
“No,” Ulia predictably cried out.
The tone of that voice confirmed the single-minded focus of her friend. To counter, Anna had to raise doubts about completing their objective. What were the chances of success if they pushed on for days without food or rest?
“Hungry,” Anna lied while rubbing her belly.
It helped her argument that this place had all the hallmarks of being an ideal fishing spot. The currents were light and offered a plethora of hiding places.
“No,” Ulia repeated, although the harsh tone in her voice had faded.
“Fish,” Anna said to lure her friend in while doing her best to conceal a grin.
Ulia was a natural at fishing, a trait that generally came with that tail. The idea of catching enough for a meal or two brightened those big black eyes. That, and her friend must have been getting anxious after moving at a dead-slow pace for so long. This would give her the opportunity to race through the waters in pursuit of her prey.
Without an answer, Ulia took off and left her grinning partner behind. Anna watched her race off and disappear from sight before moving in. These were multi-level dwellings, featuring both brick and siding for the walls. From up close, it was an awe-inspiring sight, considering these were the first intact human habitats that she had ever come across. How these managed to survive the cruel sea was beyond her, but she knew enough to make the best—
“Darn,” Anna said after taking a peek through one of the windows.
While undisturbed on the outside, nature had won out within. There was nothing left of the internal structure other than the skeletal remains of some walls. Still, the humans who lived in these were long gone, and this place was teeming with sea life.
Anna was sorely tempted to let Ulia know, but that chanced revealing her motives. However, when the sound of breaking glass reached her, she realised that her friend, as usual, had stumbled onto this discovery.
  
They ate well under the shadows of these old homes, but the assortment of fresh crab and fish did not dampen her disappointment. They feasted in silence, determined to make some progress before stopping again to rest. They tossed a few live crabs into her backpack for later.
When they left the cul-de-sac behind, Anna shared her friend’s drive and determination for the first few hours. However, as the urban density increased, so did their chances of stumbling onto something that piqued her curiosity, the delay slowing down their progress. The first of such finds turned out to be a cathedral.
The mermaids had encountered the remnants of such structures along their way. Normally, little more remained than some leaning towers adorned with crosses, or a self-supporting façade fitted with a large circular opening that once hinted at its majesty. On one occasion, they passed by a metal roof lying on the seafloor, free from the walls that once supported it.
All of these elements, even in isolation, served to power her imagination. However, what she assembled in her mind’s eye turned out to be quite different from the actual product. These stone walls, imposing towers, brass bells, and copper roof were more or less unchanged since the parishioners last held mass, leaving little to the imagination.
Because this place was teeming with aquatic life, they worked their way towards the cathedral, intent on grabbing a few unsuspecting mussels on the way. These made for a treat for gals on the go, but something was off.
Without being prompted, they both stopped about thirty metres away. Dead ahead, there were massive doors, all of which were open, and that gave them reason to pause. Fish were not able to move them, and the currents here did not flow in that direction.
They turned to one another, their eyes wide and lips quivering. As though to confirm their worst fears, they turned back to face those doors in an attempt to see through the impenetrable darkness inside. What they expected to find staring back at them… neither knew.
Despite having no idea what actually spooked them, they dared not approach nor linger. Even nearer to the surface, merfolk were not at the top of the food chain. Some predators had an acquired taste for warm-blooded animals. We are not the only ones looking for a snack…
  
Elders often said that things were rarely as straightforward as they first appeared. Until now, the wisdom of these words had been lost on her.
It turned out that the highway did not always leave a clear path for them to follow, especially with no trace of the city or the roads up ahead. There was no debris, nor ruins in sight, leaving before them an expansive space under the dominion of the sea.
For nature to assert itself with such vengeance, it needed a force powerful enough to uproot humanity without leaving a trace. Sure enough, near the crest of the hill, the road they followed ended with a ragged edge.
“What” Ulia said with her thumb and forefinger together to signify there was no time left… hence, “now?”
That’s a good question. Anna figured they would occasionally lose sight of the road. The sea was ever the cruel mistress, especially to her children. Anna knew that it would be a miracle for something designed for use on land to survive so long under water. However, losing all traces of the highway was never considered.
She remembered that Essa often spoke about the land that was. Her ancestors did not live in an arid climate. There had been smaller cousins of the oceans spread out over the surface. Some were tiny oceans composed of freshwater, while others were stretched out into narrow strips that even fell with the terrain. Some of these could even be traversed by—
“Bridge!” Anna yelled.
“Wha?” Ulia asked.
That word was alien to Ulia, so she furrowed her brow. Since merfolk were capable of moving in all directions, there was no need for such constructs.
Anna had come across a few bridges before, all of which were near the outskirts of their settlement. Most were small and often buried in the mud, but she figured that this one went on for some distance. Of note, there was one particular aspect Anna had observed while exploring bridges. They all travelled in a straight line, or at least that appeared to be true between the support elements.
Instead of trying to explain what a bridge was and what that meant for them, Anna centred herself between the twin mounds to get a feel for the direction before adjusting her heading.
“Over,” Anna replied while bending and unbending her arm in the direction they needed to travel.
“Sure?” Ulia asked while pointing at her friend.
“Meh,” Anna said and shrugged. “Stay in view,” she added, using a full sentence to highlight the importance of that direction.
“Fair,” Ulia said and surprisingly took the lead.
With no other options, a guess was better than nothing. The girls, roughly fifteen arm lengths apart, ventured over a field of kelp, while trying to maintain their course despite having no points of reference. They reached the first pylon with nothing else visible on the horizon. This was a daunting structure, covered in barnacles and mussels, and towering over the kelp by nearly twenty metres.
They used the opportunity to grab some snacks, eating more than they saved, and pushed on after they had their fill. It was the same eerie journey over the forest of kelp, trying to travel in a straight line until they reached the next pylon. This time, it appeared ten metres to their right, a detail that ought to have worried Anna.
From this vantage point, Anna saw that there were at least another two pylons visible, both taller than the last two. However, the seafloor below also dropped sharply. Here, the waters were deeper and clearer. That was another element that should have led the mermaids to question what was going on.
Their ability to see things at a distance was determined by the water’s clarity. During a storm, the sea dredged up silt and mud which made any attempts to travel dangerous. Some merfolk from their village had gone missing while trying to reach their neighbour’s house, lost within the ten to twenty metres it took to reach safety.
So, what is it that makes these waters so clear? While pondering that question, Ulia grabbed her by the arm and pulled her onwards. At first, Anna did not resist, since this was yet another example of her friend’s impatience. But when she saw all that kelp leaning in the same direction, her mind managed to piece together what was going on.
In that moment, Anna realised that this was where the great river once flowed. These waters were deep and fast, and the rising tides only compounded their woes. The waters here have a memory—
Before she could finish that thought, they were whisked downstream. Anna managed to grab Ulia’s hand and held on for dear life. To get out of this, they needed to swim—hard.
“Straight!” Anna yelled. “Hard!”
It was fortunate for the both of them that Ulia never questioned the delivery of that directive. It was rare for tailed mermaids to accept orders from those without, unless the lower born happened to be stubborn elders like Essa. Nevertheless, even Ulia, blessed with a tail and the speed that came with it, knew they were in trouble.
Anna gave it all she had, while the stronger swimmer dragged them onwards. The pylons they aimed for were now well out of sight, meaning they would need to work their way upstream later. If there is a later…
Anna had dealt with current before, but nothing like this. This was something else, and she realised that she did not have it in her to fight against the flow alone. Ulia might though…
As that thought rattled around in her mind, Anna noted that Ulia would not come to the same conclusion and cut her loose. No matter the outcome, finding their way back home would be a challenge. Actually finding each other once separated? A miracle.
While her mind was clouded by anxiety and doubt, they passed over a large structure. The girls were lucky, because if they had been swimming a bit deeper, they would have collided with a mass of rusted steel and barnacles. Anna barely had any time to look at the collection of curved metal arranged in random loops and bends, let alone question what it was.
They passed another construction of similar design, although this one was made of wood. While less intricate, the large lattice design was structurally intact. Atop the wooden peaks and valleys, she noted the familiar pattern of expanding rust that Essa said reminded her of popcorn. Whatever role these structures filled back in their heyday, the sight of them now, and the threat they posed, filled her with dread. Monstrous! Great, getting skewered alive on my first adventure.
“Hurry!” Ulia urged.
No shit. Really? Being urged on by someone so superior to her in every way annoyed her. So much so that she focused all that pent-up rage just to prove Ulia wrong.
Even by giving it their all, they could still not see the other side. Whatever it was, this near miss confirmed they were nowhere near a safe harbour. They had no choice but to keep moving, because neither knew how far this current would take them. Like, say, towards a large and expansive heap of rust that once served as a bridge. Wait! Another bridge?
This time, they were just at the right level to collide. Anna tried to align herself against the current to lessen the impact, but being in the shadow of her impending doom sapped what remained of her strength. There was nothing more she could do to avoid the old steel truss bridge. Faced with the inevitable, Anna gave Ulia a fighting chance and let go. To her benefit, her friend did try to latch on again, but the exertion left her drained.
The last thing Anna remembered was her back slamming into the bridge’s side. That might have hurt, but once her head made contact, the world faded to black.

CHAPTER 5
WATER ALWAYS WINS
  
Anna’s eyes opened in a flutter and were greeted by nothing. Her senses felt disconnected as though they were finding new pathways through her brain. This was an entirely new experience for her, because even indulging in the toxins of a puffer fish was a high that only her tailed brethren could enjoy. Just the same, I’ve lost a few friends over to cycles to puffer madness.
The first thing she noticed was the lack of current, followed closely by her ability to gauge pressure. Based on this, Anna figured it was close to high tide, and she was in a confined space. That detail came from experience, since she felt like this at home. Their dwelling differed from the norm, because most Merfolk encouraged a current to cycle out any effluent.
The next of her senses to assert themselves was her ability to feel pain. Anna became acutely aware that she was sore, most noticeably in her arms and legs. Understandable, really, given how hard they had been pushing themselves. However, that did not explain the throbbing headache, one focused exclusively on the back of her head.
She reached for the source of her pain and felt a layer of kelp. She followed its form with her hand and discovered that it had been secured to the other side of her head, namely over her eyes. So that’s why I can’t see anything.
Before removing the seaweed, she ran a finger under the bandage and licked the tip of the digit. It did not taste of blood, which was comforting since that reduced the chances of a predator catching her scent.
With the kelp out of the way, Anna made out a dull orange light emanating from harvested phosphorescent plants. Without roots and nutrients, it was a matter of time before they dimmed and died. When factoring the ambient lighting, she figured that she must have been out for the better part of a day.
“Ulia?” Anna asked while trying to figure out her whereabouts.
This looked to be an enclosure of some sort and metallic. The precise nature of the materials was unknown to her, but it held up well against the ocean’s corrosive nature. There was cabling all around her, all of it neatly ordered and structured, terminating at points that looked like circuit boards.
Anna admired the precision required to create such devices and structures. Without technology or sophisticated tools, it was challenging enough to build a basic shelter underwater, let alone erect a tower tall enough to breach the waves.
“Ulia?” Anna called out once more.
Since she was safe and patched up, Anna assumed her friend had gone out. She shifted her legs and winced as they resisted the attempt. When she looked down Anna noticed that her legs were bare, revealing a few nicks along her calves, thighs, and ass. Overall, this was good news because they were healing nicely.
And yet my jacket survived, Anna thought when she sighted the backpack, armour, and neoprene vest. Since her stomach was now growling, she wondered if there were still mussels inside.
“U—” Anna said.
A trapdoor dropped just ahead, which circulated out the stale water. The first thing to enter were fresh plants, plain to see by the bright orange glow that lit up the space. Next came more kelp, and lastly, Ulia herself popped in while holding a spear full of impaled edibles.
“Good,” Ulia said with a smile. “Awake.”
“All thanks,” Anna replied while pointing to her friend. “How?” She asked while pointing to herself, “Here?” She added while circling a finger around this space.
Instead of an answer, Ulia brought the kelp and spear forward so Anna could ready herself while eating. That was a big clue that it was time to get a move on. Either way, they were not able to linger here for long.
Ulia handed over the pin used to secure the kelp, determining which activity she should start with. Even in the middle of nowhere, there were social mores to follow. Either way, it worked, since it gave Anna the opportunity to catch up on what happened.
It turned out that the rusting heap of a bridge ended up being Anna’s salvation. She hit the part of the bridge that supported the roadway, which was wide enough to shelter them from the currents. Ulia managed to arrive in a nick of time to prevent Anna from sinking further, otherwise she would have been carried off into the unknown.
The rest involved moving along the edge of the bridge until the currents died down. However, a reduction in current intermixed with Anna’s bleeding meant that they had been in great danger. Given the situation, Ulia had no desire to deal with predators in an unfamiliar setting, at least not with an unconscious partner.
So Ulia floated down to the surface of the old city while carrying her friend. While the ruins in the immediate area were too unstable to provide adequate cover, she discovered a metal structure that overlooked a concrete pad. Attached was a ladder, which she followed to a hatch that led her here.
“Thank you,” Anna said while pointing at her friend. “Very much,” she added for impact.
The choice to pronounce unneeded words had a powerful impact. In a world where every word sacrificed time, making the effort denoted how much it meant for them. Ulia’s eyes widened in surprise. Clearly, she had no clue. For her, it had all been part of a day’s work.
“Welcome,” Ulia replied with a nod. “Ready?”
Anna had been pushed along the entire way, so the idea of being nudged once more came as no surprise. She took it in stride and finished off the rest of her skewer in a couple of bites.
“Yes,” Anna said and grinned.
Ulia moved out of the way so Anna could take the lead. The latter adjusted her buoyancy and walked over to the trapdoor. She opted to use the ladder to get down the first metre, thankful for the opportunity to work in her new wrappings. Once out of rungs, she let go and sank to the bottom.
Her friend was correct; this area had been decimated. The old brick and stone structures may have a wall or two still standing, but inside there was nothing. No shelter, nor a place to lick their wounds.
She walked towards the centre of the cement pad and noted the evenly spaced painted lines that cropped up every couple of metres or so. While the purpose of those lines eluded them, their refuge did not.
There were two distinctive pylons that connected to a large rectangular enclosure with flat surfaces on either side. These littered a lot of the major roadways, and some still featured the ghostly imprint of an image. We’ve been hiding inside a billboard this whole time?
None of the models she had seen before had been as advanced as this one. She remembered once noticing a variant with rotating panels, but that was primitive in comparison. I wonder what it advertised before the floods?
“Wait…” Anna said.
The visibility here was still better than what she was accustomed to. High above, the bridge towered over them, giving her a reason to reconsider past assumptions. A crooked bridge! That juicy tidbit would have changed my earlier assumptions…
From here, Anna realised that a section of the bridge was missing a gap, areas terminating in jagged edges that expanded outwards. That type of damage was not associated with waves, because water pummelled objects. No, something had blown out from the bridge. Good thing we did not have to contend with that section to reach safety.
With a bit more time to mull over the situation, Anna realised they were surrounded by the ruins of a city. This insight meant they had not skirted around the city as planned, but ended up near the centre…
“Skyscrapers…” Anna said. “Oh.”
“Oh?” Ulia asked from behind.
Anna jumped, launching herself into a slow ascent. Upon realising what happened, she turned around and watched her friend laughing. In that moment, she questioned whether sirens of legend were simply mocking those stupid enough to trespass upon their waters.
“Sorry,” Ulia said after calming down.
The act of crossing her arms and adopting a stare that could stun an Orca likely played a part in forcing an apology. To atone for her slight, Ulia handed over a varnished piece of wood. It was about a metre and a half long, thin on one end, and two thumbs at the other.
“What?” Anna asked while pointing at the stick.
Ulia shrugged. Clearly, she had no clue what purpose it served, nor its relationship to the table filled with pockets that she took it from. However, it was sturdy and looked to be a passable replacement for the lost spear.
“Dunno,” Ulia said. “Weapon?”
Anna had to smile; her friend had not rested on her laurels. Instead, she scoured the area for kelp, food, phosphorescent plans, and objects that would serve them on their journey. In the back of her mind, Anna made a mental note to repay the favour when the tides changed for the better.
“Thank you,” Anna said, before a question from earlier resurfaced. “Know?” She asked while circling the area with her finger.
Ulia shook her head while answering, “Not twenty.”
That pretty much summed it up for the both of them. They were no longer on or near their intended path, and that made getting their bearing challenging.
“City…” Anna said.
“Yeah?” Ulia asked, not understanding the ramifications of that word.
“Down…” Anna said, while stretching out the word as her mind cycled through every possible iteration. “…town.”
“Down… town?” Ulia confirmed before her jaw went slack. After recovering she added, “Oh.”
“Yep,” Anna replied. Oh, indeed.
  
The courses of action left for the girls were limited. The most obvious choice would be to make their way back upstream and find the path they were following. That meant skirting the edge of the city and risking getting caught up in the current.
While they could travel at slackwater, or when the tides worked against the current, that meant wasted time. Anna worried about finding adequate shelter during these long stays and doubted there were suitable billboards at every stop. Besides, what if we fuck up and end up downstream again?
Another option was to use the bridge as cover and cross back to the other side. That was the fastest way to get back into familiar territory and find their way back to the village. No one would hold it against them for failing to cross the ancient river. In fact, stories of their attempt would keep tongues wagging for cycles… just for surviving the attempt.
Anna was not surprised that Ulia was vehemently opposed to heading back. While her friend never stated why, she suspected that the chain shirt and two—now, one spear factored into the equation. She needed to bring back something tangible to make this trip worthwhile.
To ease the financial burden, Anna recommended stripping the billboard of circuit cards and cabling. That would go a long way towards turning a profit, but they were faced with the challenge of traversing that river while encumbered. Ulia would not chance it for anything less than a big pay-out.
That left them with only one choice and Anna dreaded the idea. The mere thought of it left her feeling cold and numb inside, despite her heart beating faster than she thought possible. After all, they may have been unimportant back at the village, but in their current environment, they were utterly insignificant.
The heart of this city was said to have been a fortress of stone, glass, and steel. Elders spoke of towers tall enough to touch the sky, and how some of these spires could not be tamed by the waters. Alas, water always won out, reducing everything to sand. Based on what they came across, most of the city had given way, but were these skyscrapers built to the same standard?
“Well time to find out,” Anna thought.
  
It did not take long for them to work their way into the heart of the city, even less time to reach the site of a downed tower. If Anna felt small and insignificant before, being in the presence of these felled wonders only made it worse.
Even on its side, this tower of glass and steel flirted with the water’s surface at low tide. Both of them had to look straight up just to see the edges. The sight of these structures would have been something to see back in the day.
This tower must have fallen early in the floods, because it was half-buried in the mud. Anna was certain that the ground must have shattered when it happened. The fish did not mind. In fact, in the cycles since the fall, it had been transformed into an oversized artificial reef.
Ulia wanted to go on a hunt, but Anna suspected that such an impact had caused a lot of damage. With that in mind, there was no way of knowing if it was still structurally sound.
“Around,” Anna said.
To explain, she clapped her hands together but kept her right thumb in between. She hoped this demonstration would illustrate what might happen if they ended up trapped inside. Instead, her friend cocked a brow at the movement, sceptical that something already on the seafloor could collapse again.
As though on cue, the earth trembled as a section of the outer surface broke free. As it tore apart the side and tumbled into the mud, they were blinded by the surge of phosphorescent blue light brought on by the churn. All around them the world exploded in a cloud of silt, followed by swarms of fish swimming to escape the fray.
Fortunately, they were far enough away to be unaffected, but it certainly left a lasting impression on their minds. It turned out that coral and barnacles could only do so much to keep structures together.
“Around…” Ulia said with a vigorous nod.

CHAPTER 6
SKIMMER’S LEGACY
  
It was no surprise that their decision to go around the towers ended up with a snag. If Anna had to guess, these skyscrapers had collapsed around one another. After all, how likely was it for such a structure to fall without interacting with anything else? Anna was once more reminded that water always had the upper hand and that nothing was safe from its influence.
There were consequences for their course, including the inability to travel in a straight line, which increased their chances of getting lost. Anna pictured getting caught in a maze of fallen towers, forced to find a safe passage with no guarantees of there being one.
If only the nearby sounds would settle down. Noises such as metal straining, or buckling were common. There was also a slew of sea life, and the constant cacophony made trusting her senses difficult.
“Stop,” Anna said.
“Why?” Ulia asked and put her clasped hands against the side of her head to mimic a pillow.
“No,” Anna replied, irked that her friend assumed she wanted a break due to a weakness on her part. “Where?” Anna asked in return, whirling a finger over her head and shrugging to pass on that she had no clue.
Ulia turned around as though committing this scene to memory and shrugged in return. That silent surrender was a sign that neither knew where they were, let alone where they were headed. That and the collapse from earlier certainly tempered their enthusiasm to push onwards blindly.
To confirm her suspicions, Anna looked high above and noted that many of these buildings were near the surface. While Anna could chance getting close to the periphery, she doubted that Ulia would… getting her to agree will be a challenge.
In about an hour, the water levels would rise and provide a buffer, but that might end up being nothing more than a red herring. If she got a better look, they could make an informed decision. Better to find out now than waste days playing it safe.
“Going,” Anna said while pointing at her eyes then towards the surface.
Ulia’s eyes widened, uncomfortable with the idea of potentially breaking through the water. When her lips quivered, Anna thought it best to clarify.
“Me…” Anna said while holding up a finger, “…alone.”
Her friend’s eyes softened considerably with that clarification. However, Ulia cocked her head to the side and furrowed her brows.
“Why?” Ulia asked.
“To see,” Anna said while pointing at her eyes. “Straight path,” she said while drawing a straight line, “or maze,” randomising the line she drew through the water.
It was clear that Ulia did not really understand what was being said, She asked, “You come back?”
Anna smiled and nodded vigorously. She knew that this was about as close to a complete sentence Ulia could manage. Not everyone had grown up with someone insisting on pronouncing every word.
“Yes,” Anna said before launching herself towards the surface.
While the ascent was easy, leaving all of that chaos behind did lift her spirits. This city had been home to millions, and all that remained was ruin and death. She wondered if Ulia felt the same, but guessed she was too focused to consider such matters.
Before dwelling on the subject further, Anna crested the building. This one, like many, had fallen on its side. Given her neutral buoyancy, she set foot on what was once the thirtieth floor. The obsidian stone finish felt out of place and unnatural, the theme for today.
She turned around and found that her friend remained where they parted. Ulia kept busy with spearing anything stupid enough to get near her. Anna smirked and walked along the surface until she reached the opposing edge.
It was as she feared. There were collapsed buildings and rubble as far as the eye could see, which turned out to be pretty far in these favourable conditions. Way out in the distance, she made out two still-standing towers that pierced the waves into the unknown. Wow!
As suspected, towers had fallen onto their neighbours, initiating a chain of events that would have been spectacular to witness. Some crushed everything in their path, or ended up leaning against another before settling at an angle. From here, it was clear that navigating through this mess was asking for trouble.
However, she did make out the crooked bridge and a clear path heading the opposite way. As long as they remained at this depth, the path was clear all the way past the sentinel towers.
The surface and its light-emitting waves were less than three metres above her head. Anna often worked in proximity to the surface but knew this was beyond Ulia’s comfort level. Fortunately, the waters were flooding in, and that meant an additional metre of breathing space to work with.
“That might just—” Anna said.
From behind, a bright beam of white light lit up the other side of the building. She instinctively shut her eyes to block out the light, and in that brief moment, realised the stone was a dark blue, not black.
“What?” Anna questioned while turning around to investigate.
The source was powerful and originated from the surface. Anna hurried back towards the edge, using a hand to blot out the source. Despite her best efforts, Anna had to squint to avoid getting a headache.
Half-way back, she caught sight of a dark silhouette swimming towards the source. Ulia must have been drawn in by the light, unaware of the dangers, and would soon breach the surface—
“Ulia!” Anna yelled, doubtful that her voice would be able to carry that far out.
In the background she heard a hum, repetitive and constant. Anna had never experienced the sound associated with alternating current before. Ulia, who was entirely fixated on the light, did not appear to notice.
In a flash of insight, Anna dropped her backpack and rummaged through for the flashlight. She shook the device several times and toggled the switch. Despite the odds, she hoped it would distract her friend, alas…
“Fuck,” Anna swore.
Her flashlight was about as distinctive as a teardrop lost at sea. Without anything more to go on, she grabbed her backpack, slung it over her shoulder and leapt off the building, intent on reaching Ulia.
“I can make it,” Anna told herself and actually believed it.
As though sensing competition, the silhouette gained speed. The shape lost definition as the powerful light diffused around Ulia’s body. What is she doing—
A loud splash was followed by a set of metal jaws slamming shut, which sent a shockwave throughout the water. Just like that, the light and mermaid were swallowed up whole.
“Ulia!” Anna yelled out before an ear-piercing sound forced her to cover her ears.
Robbed of sight, Anna did not see the black propellers come to life and thrust the craft forward. That deafening noise, so distinctive in the past, was unrecognisable now, except by a few of the elders who had lived through those times.
Upon recovering from the sensory overload, Anna realised that she was surrounded by millions of air bubbles, and a lot of blue light. The churn left a path that led right back to whatever that thing was.
“Wait,” Anna said while thinking back over conversations she had with Essa.
The right word was on the tip of her tongue. She remembered stories about merfolk being hunted down by authorities early on, despite the surface world dying. To her knowledge, there had not been a sighting of one in over one-hundred-and-sixty cycles.
“Boat,” Anna whispered, in fear that it would come back for her.
  
“So, what now?” Anna asked absentmindedly.
The boat was gone, leaving a phosphorescent trail in its wake that lit up like a moonglade. So, Anna was minus a friend, one who happened to save her life, and she needed to catch up to something that moved faster than a pack of orcas on the hunt.
Still, there were clues to follow, such as the bubbles created by the cavitation of the propellers, and those would remain suspended in the water hours after the vessel passed. At least there was something to follow, although that stick of hers would not exactly strike fear into the hearts of her enemies.
Her eyes scanned the muddy surface where Ulia had been hunting and detected the spear. She might have missed it entirely, if not for some hapless impaled fish struggling to swim free.
Anna adjusted her buoyancy and dove towards the weapon. As a precaution, she secured theher stick using the straps on her pack. Never know, it might come in handy later.
Without missing a beat, she grabbed the shaft and ascended back to her vantage point. This fish was coming for the ride, surely Anna would need snacks along the way.
  
At first, Anna relied on eyesight to keep her on course. The still-standing towers were easy markers to aim for, and the bubbles confirmed they were headed that way. These skyscrapers were impressive from afar, piercing the waves which caused their foundations to light up like a beacon.
Being in proximity to the skyscrapers filled her heart with dread. She knew the devastation unleashed when they collapsed, which made her empathise with krill getting in the way of a hungry blue whale. Although, if it did happen, Anna would probably never know what hit her.
When passing by, Anna noticed how every floor under the waterline was wide open. Ulia would have had a great deal of fun hunting for prey while she collected some more mussels… Oh Ulia!
Once past these sentries, Anna lost the visual trail. The blue light created by the boat dimmed below the ambient levels, and that left her with a conundrum—
“Bubbles,” Anna said.
On a hunch, she floated up closer to the surface and caught sight of them. So, she hung a left and wished they would not rise to the surface before she reached the boat. She also wished that whoever or whatever took Ulia was keeping her submerged in seawater… fish out of the water do not live long.
  
While unfortunate, her trail eventually went cold, leaving her in uncharted territory with no idea of where to go. They were now at slack tide which meant that she had been swimming for a couple of hours. Normally, she would have been exhausted, but the urgency to reach Ulia kept the worst symptoms at bay.
“What now?” Anna asked.
The only thing she knew for certain, was that the waters were getting shallow. Littoral waters implied she was close to making landfall… Wait! Am I ready to walk on land? Can I?
“Dammit!” Anna swore while closing her eyes in protest.
Robbed of her sight and suspended in the sea, the stillness of her body permitted other senses to assert themselves. There was something in the water, the sound of an object being driven into something… big. It was rhythmic, although that was not necessarily an accurate description. Why did she imagine this phenomenon involving a boat?
Since there was only one way to find out, Anna aligned herself with the source and kicked off.
  
Anna had been at it so long that the waters were now ebbing. The currents hindered her progress, but she was not about to give up. To abandon her chase would be tantamount to proving to the world just how human she really was.
It was rarely acknowledged in public, but traits associated with humanity were considered lesser. After all, plenty had grown up with stories about how all that unchecked greed and power led to society’s downfall.
Anna and her ilk were taught to believe that their legs were a symbol of shame that hung over them like a thick bloom of toxic algae. That explained why they were put down by those with tails… or that was the excuse.
This was an ideal that Essa did not share. Her great-great-grandmother grew up in a world that never overcame bias nor discrimination. Humanity had a way to focus on differences, to drive in a wedge to divide and conquer. In truth, merfolk were no different.
“If anything,” Anna said, mimicking Essa. “They can use their tails to justify their own sins—”
The impact of the boat against jetty brought her this far, but the change in tides introduced something new. It reminded her of an object placed under strain, fighting against a force that sought to pull them apart. With no experience in securing a ship, she had no way of knowing that the ship’s lines were under strain.
No matter, for Anna these sounds were further proof that she was on the right track. If all she heard was familiar, then she would be swimming away from the threat…
“Oh yeah,” Anna said.
Until now, she had not considered what to do once she reached the boat. It was not likely that the spear was going to be effective against the hull. What about the crew? Is there even a crew?
As her mind ran through this jumble of questions, none of which produced a single answer, Anna noticed a series of vertical pillars out ahead. Initially they appeared to be nothing more than an illusion, but greater resolution, soon revealed details of the…
“Shore…” Anna said.
Just beyond was the resting place of a fallen civilisation. It was said that most of what remained of humanity had been driven into the sea, and those left behind were said to be…
“Dead…” Anna said.
However, the dead did not build nor crew boats. Those who crossed over the threshold were entirely unconcerned with the plight of the living. So why is this boat here?
Another question made without the benefit of an answer. This was the transition point between their worlds, and it was up to Anna to tread upon the land of her ancestors. After all, Ulia was nowhere to be found in the water. That meant she was up there, in a world alien to them both.
“I hope she’s alright,” Anna muttered while approaching the tall pylons.
Anna would have loved to explore this place— But how am I going to rescue anyone?
Another fair question, one good enough to let her linger at the foot of a wooden ladder that presumably led to the jetty’s surface. To go after Ulia, she would need to transition how she breathed, and no one from their village had made the attempt in generations. How did that work? Did her lungs simply assert themselves, or did she need time to adjust? Quit fucking around and just get up there!
Despite the attempt to steel her resolve, she hesitated. There were so many unknowns swirling around in her mind that made her lightheaded. All of that anxiety and fear was bubbling up from within, which made it difficult to ignore. Easier said than—
“Now!” Anna shouted.
This time, her limbs obeyed, and Anna grabbed the first rung and then the next. Once she breached the surface, her heart dropped to the pit of her stomach.

CHAPTER 7
SURF AND TURF
  
Anna’s skin tingled as it was exposed to the air. This time she kept her eyes closed to prevent the dripping water from blurring her vision.
When rivulets of water stopped running down her forehead, Anna opened her eyes and got a better view of the ladder. This one was like those she found amongst the ruins, except above the sixth rung where the wood was grey. Parts that are not under the influence of tides.
By reaching for the next rung, her neck broke through the surface and her gills sealed up on instinct. She did not, however, start breathing air either.
It was not until the bulk of her torso was out of the water that Anna experienced the effects of gravity. Her backpack dug into her shoulders, and her breasts tugged at her chest, leaving her to realise just how much water supported her weight.
She naturally tried to adjust her buoyancy to compensate, but that mechanism only worked underwater. Faced with an entirely new medium, there was little she could do. The first of many adjustments…
Anna never thought to wonder why Essa insisted on her walking when at home. It never occurred to her that it was for situations like these that called for her to interact with the human world. Like now.
Halfway up the ladder, a wave of fatigue hit her as though all strength was being drained from her body. That made sense given how hard she had been driving herself, but there was something else at play. Given that all of this was new and uncharted, she did not realise what was missing from the equation.
Fortunately, the primitive part of her brain knew what needed to be done. Anna’s eyes bulged as a sense of urgency built up, forcing her chest to heave and haw. This motion was bearable at first, but worsened until she could no longer fight back the urge to clear out her lungs. She gasped for air immediately afterwards; alas, copious amounts of water remained. This sent her into a series of violent heaves that took her to the brink of exhaustion. Will this ever end?
Anna closed her eyes, and despite being out of the water, moisture welled around her eyes. It left her momentarily confused, just long enough for another violent hurl which expelled nothing more than a fine mist. When she gasped, her lungs were inflated with air for the first time, and this left her with an immediate sense of relief.
Exhausted, Anna crumpled onto the rungs and leaned in just enough to stop herself from slipping back into the water. Anna remained that way for what felt like an eternity, permitting her body to acclimatise to its new state of being. I really need some sleep, but where?
Since here was not a valid answer, and seeking refuge below meant going through another transition, Anna decided that sleep needed to wait. She looked up, sighed, and forced her weary self to finish what she started.
  
Once her eyes were level with the deck, she made out a pair of black boots a metre or so away. Attached was a pair of legs that led to a long and slender figure. Oh shit!
Anna had never gazed upon a human before and was pretty sure that was still true. The humanoid was tall and slender, much taller than anyone she had ever met, and that included mermen with tails. Its fingers were long and ended with a sharp set of claws which was decidedly not a trait shared by anyone she knew.
The most chilling details were on its face: long nose, bald head, sunken cheeks, and eyes black as squid ink. The latter were like mirrors that reflected the pale blue hue from the waves. For a moment, she considered diving back into the water, but realised that whatever this humanoid was, it had yet to notice her.
She remained as still as possible, while cursing the fact that she could not reach for her spear while perched precariously on the ladder. Meanwhile the ship continued to strain against its restraints before slamming into the jetty.
Her body had yet to adjust to the environment, so her nose was dripping as her sinuses began to drain. That in turn made breathing more difficult, so Anna did something she had never done before… she sniffled.
The ghoul’s eyes shifted towards her, spotting the interloper. Its mouth parted to reveal a series of razor-sharp teeth, and the eyes came alight, emanating an eerie orange glow.
The stare had an immediate hypnotic effect. All of Anna’s curiosity and intellect fled from her consciousness, and left behind a vacuum. A small part of her fought against the drain, but that tiny voice in the back of her head was quickly suppressed. Within a couple of breaths, Anna was no longer in command of her faculties.
That’s why she was not initially aware of the overhead lights cutting out, nor the streak that moved through her field of vision. However, she caught this lanky creature being shot up into the air. The change in velocity broke her glazed stare and that hypnotic glow just in time to witness how it yelled as gravity asserted itself with a vengeance.
Anna saw it slam into the deck before bouncing once, twice and thrice. When the back of its skull hit the wooden surface, a loud crack echoed throughout her mind followed by another blur that forced her to question her senses.
“What—” Anna said as a smaller hooded figure appeared from out of nowhere.
“Miss—” The ghoul pleaded, but was interrupted by the new arrival’s attack.
The hooded figure bit out a chunk of the ghoul’s neck, causing black ichor to spurt out from the fresh wound. Before more of its blood was wasted, the attacker latched onto the wound.
Anna watched in horror as the ghoul’s struggle tapered off until all that remained were autonomous twitches. Somewhere in the back of Anna’s mind, a voice urged her to either dive back into the water, or use this opportunity to make a run for it. Wait! Do I even know how to run?
Still, most of her conscious mind was fixated on the ongoing carnage. Even when the figure tore itself away from the ghoul and gagged in reaction to the vile blood, she could do nothing more than watch.
Once the attacker had its gagging under control, it brushed back its hood and shuddered at the thought of going in for seconds, but did so anyway. In a world where everything was either food or prey, it paid not to waste. Wait…
Having had its fill, the hooded figure turned to face Anna. The dark shoulder length hair, pale skin and green eyes were the first details she caught. But once it wiped the black blood from its face, revealing sensual lips, Anna realised that these were distinctively feminine traits.
Lastly, she spotted two elongated pearly white fangs. There was still hunger in those eyes, but that quickly faded into the background. Wait! Shouldn’t I be worried?
“Bonjour,” the figure said, while the syllables rolled off her tongue like a siren’s song.
Alas, the trauma had taken its toll. Without even being aware of it, Anna let go of the rung and felt herself go weightless before being enveloped by the cool and refreshing saltwater.
As bubbles swirled all around her, her gills immediately took over. Anna watched the surface grow more distant with every fathom and was out cold before sinking into the mud.
  
Anna opened her eyes and was once more welcomed by an impenetrable veil of darkness. However, sight was not the only sense numbed. There was no pressure, no current, no familiar sounds. With the all-encompassing pressure missing, Anna concluded that she must be on the surface, and this was confirmed by the rhythmic ebb and flow of her chest. So, why do I feel partially supported?
Her dominant hand brushed over her body. All the familiar contours were there and intact, but she was covered in a thin layer of a rough material. She was tempted to describe it as sand, but it gave way with ease and maintained cohesion. She also noted that it fell back into place when she stopped moving.
While an unfamiliar experience, the material she interacted with did not explain the support. So, her hand ventured out beyond the familiarity of her body. This time, she figured that she was caught between two layers.
The lower layers did have some give when probed and returned into their original shape once the pressure was removed. What was most peculiar were the sounds. The combination of friction over cloth mixed with stressed metal was entirely new.
Despite Anna’s renewed sense of curiosity, another wave of fatigue hit her. Her eyelids grew heavier with every breath. Within a minute, she was sound asleep, dreaming of the world she willingly left behind.
  
Anna awoke to find red light filtering through her eyelids. Despite them being shut, the source’s intensity was enough to induce a headache. In response, she used her hands to provide some measure of relief.
“Anyone?” Anna said and was surprised by the sound of her voice.
Despite one’s internal voice not being a true reflection of reality, the different environment amplified that distortion. Her voice was higher pitched and reverberated throughout the room. Given her situation, she added it to the growing list of things to adjust to.
Without an answer or a solution to the blinding light, Anna decided it was high time to investigate. She sat up, feeling the cotton sheets slide off her bare chest. The cool air turned her skin to gooseflesh, and if it were not for that damned light, she might have even enjoyed the experience.
To get a better feel for the source, Anna uncovered her eyes and used her hands to probe for anything within range. After moving a bit, she realised that the light intensity dropped when facing a particular direction, so she oriented herself properly and opened her eyes a sliver to get a better view.
The world was bathed in white light, but she realised that the offending source came from above. To save herself from being blinded, she avoided looking anywhere above eye level, while scanning the area for a respite.
“Wow,” Anna said.
This mermaid had never set eyes on walls that were not damaged or crawling with sea life. Other than a few cracks, these were in pristine condition, and she was sorely tempted to run a hand over the concrete to feel the rough surface. However, she did not have the luxury of indulging her curiosity until her immediate concern was dealt with.
Eventually, her eyes settled on a steel door. The rivets and metal were free of rust and appeared serviceable. However, it lacked a latch or handle. So, I can’t just swim—walk out of here without outside help.
Right next to the door, there was a big red plastic button. It glowed red and hummed in sync with the source overhead. Since Anna was not yet comfortable with the idea of walking about, she scooted over until her hip came in contact with something… cold!
The offending object turned out to be the chain that kept her cot suspended over the floor. From here she was able to reach, so she ignored the cold and slammed the device with the palm of her hand.
“No good,” Anna said.
The button did not budge, and out of frustration, she clenched her jaw. To keep herself in control, Anna closed her eyes and focused on her breathing. While instinctual, she found the experience to be very calming because it cleared her mind of all stimuli that muddied her thoughts.
When calm, Anna reopened her eyes and focused on the button. She had come across a few like these before, and unsurprisingly, none of them worked. Still, there were variations. Some could be toggled on and off using a spring, while others required her to push or…
“Pull!” Anna exclaimed.
While the intensity of the echo surprised her, she leaned forward and grabbed the edges. This time, she yanked back the button and was greeted by darkness.
“Finally—” Anna said.
The door adjacent to the switch creaked as it swung open. In the doorway, there was a figure framed by the soft light spilling in. This silhouette was slight in stature, with long legs and an hourglass figure. If not for the lack of webbing on their hands, Anna would have assumed this was another mermaid.
“Oh,” the silhouette said. “You’re awake.”
  
While the words were clear and concise, it was the speed of delivery that threw Anna for a loop. Never had anything been uttered so fast, at least not with the intent of being understood. Sound did not propagate so well underwater, which is why every syllable was exaggerated to ensure the message was received. Even then there was no certainty, which explained why they relied heavily on hand signals to augment.
“You have been asleep a while,” the figure said. “I was beginning to worry that you’d never wake up.”
Anna’s eyes glazed over while her mind processed the stream of words. Only Essa took the effort to pronounce every word, and despite this being the second time she had heard this type of speech, the pace continued to hinder comprehension.
The woman must have noticed the glassy eyes, because she adjusted her speech pattern before saying, “Sleep long.” After a brief pause for effect, she pointed at Anna and added, “Worried.”
This time, Anna blinked. The intonation and delays were not perfect, but it was good enough. A question surfaced to the forefront of her mind. Where did she learn to approximate our speech?
“How?” Anna asked while pointing at her flapping mouth.
The silhouette giggled and moved slowly into the room. This permitted Anna to get a better view, notably of those deep green eyes, black hair, pale skin, sharp facial features, and suggestive smile. She found it hard to look away from the latter and suspected that was intentional.
“I’ve heard sirens communicating in the water before,” the woman said at an accelerated rate, but still much slower than their initial exchange. “Your people lived much closer to the island early on.”
To avoid getting lost in that gaze, Anna’s eyes passed over her outfit. It was unlike anything she had seen, black, form fitting, but open at the top and near the thighs. The outfit left her shoulders bare, along with a good part of her legs below the knees. It surprised Anna how little there was left to the imagination, despite mostly being covered.
“During,” Anna said, “floods?”
The other simply nodded and said, “That’s right! I’m Evelyn.”
“Anna,” she replied, but needed to satisfy her curiosity. “Monster?”
Despite not providing any context on what Anna was referring to, Evelyn winked before a wry grin appeared on those lips. From this angle, Anna saw that her teeth were normal, or at least when compared to most of the humanoid mermaids. The fact that those fangs were gone settled her mind, but only just, because for all she knew, they could appear without warning.
“Of course, ma chère,” Evelyn said. “Aren’t we all?”
Anna nodded, just as a draught from the door sent a chill down her spine. Only after reaching for the sheet to cover herself, did she realise she was naked. She must have undressed me while I was sleeping. Wait! Why?
“Your attire would have attracted pests,” Evelyn said, and Anna realised that the speech was faster with every exchange. “Not to mention that it reeked of low tide.”
“Tides smell?” Anna asked, all confused.
“They do! At least, up here,” Evelyn chimed in after wrinkling her nose as though remembering something particularly nasty.
Evelyn stepped out of the room for a moment and returned with a stack of neatly folded clothes. It was odd that the colours were blue and gold, but she assumed there was a reason for that.
“Now,” Evelyn said as every word sounded like a musical note. “Do you think you can manage getting dressed? Or would you prefer a bit of… help?”
The stack was placed neatly at Anna’s side, so she could look over the items. There were two items made of white fabric, both with various openings. Next, she found a long blue and gold ensemble that she later learned was called a jumpsuit. The material used to fashion this item differed from the sheets and had a consistency similar to dry skin.
What came next was a ball of white fabric and two long boots. In all honesty, she had no idea how any of this fit. Did she mind appearing ignorant in front of Evelyn? Or would she prefer looking like a fool by calling for assistance after bungling the attempt? Should I accept her offer to help as genuine?
There was a bit of logic to that last question. Would Anna expect Evelyn to know the mores and norms of the merfolk? No. Still, she knows how we speak.
That detail was telling, and she had taken time to remove everything prior to putting her to… bed? Despite all those thoughts, Anna remained torn on how to answer.
“Moving on…” Evelyn said after deciding to use this opportunity to speed things along.
She pulled the black outfit from the top and revealed there was nothing underneath. Anna was surprised that everything appeared to be firmly in place, despite being exposed to the ravages of time. If Evelyn had been blessed with a tail, Anna would have called her strikingly beautiful, especially with the soft musculature and the curvature of her body. Once the dress puddled on the floor, Evelyn turned to face the door.
“Wait here,” Evelyn said, giving Anna a stunning view of her backside.
Anna had grown up to hate everything about herself. She believed that anything resembling the human form was undesirable and shameful. However, this woman had no concerns about her own nudity. Why should I hate the traits I was born with?
Wait! Did I miss something? Anna realised that the other was lacking something, namely, body hair. Upon realising that detail, Anna looked down and saw tufts of hair in all the usual places: underarms, legs and groin… and yet she is smooth and hairless.
A minute later, Evelyn returned with her own stack. She then sat on the opposite end of the cot and smiled.
“Together then?” Evelyn asked.
Anna had to admit it, she liked this approach. However, her eyes could not help but flow over Evelyn’s body, as though the answers would materialise on all that bare skin.
When Evelyn realised what Anna was staring at, she said, “It was customary for women to shave in my time. A ritual that had been going on for centuries in some cultures, depending on their expectations for hygiene and aesthetics… mostly the latter.”
“Oh,” Anna whispered while blush filled her cheeks.
“No need to be embarrassed,” Evelyn said in return, “I would have asked the same if I were you.”
That line somehow made Anna feel better about her curiosity. It was bad enough to be new to this world and not know the norms, but it did help to have someone to guide her through it.
“Even in my day, some women bucked the trend,” Evelyn added. “I didn’t mind it so much, as long as it wasn’t prickly…” Oddly enough, she began to sing, “Soft pussy, warm pussy, little ball…”
When Anna gave her an odd stare, Evelyn stopped cold and smirked.
“Never mind,” Evelyn said.

CHAPTER 8
THE ARC
  
Learning how human women got dressed turned out to be an enlightening experience. The undergarments, one of which supported Anna’s breasts, was a new concept for anyone who spent her life in the water. There also appeared to be an order… almost like a ritual.
When it was time to put on the blue leather jumpsuit, one that featured a three-digit number on the back, she turned to face Evelyn, curious as to why.
“Numbers?” Anna asked.
She caught sight of Evelyn biting her lower lip. When it became clear to the woman that something had been asked, Evelyn quickly recovered and giggled. That sound was new to her, but she rather enjoyed the musical tones.
“This place belonged to a tech billionaire who was consumed by the lore associated with a certain game series,” Evelyn replied.
“Uh,” Anna replied.
“Cosplay?” Evelyn asked to determine if that word evoked a reaction.
When that blank look persisted, Evelyn simply looked into Anna’s eyes while making a circular motion pointed at her head. Still, there was no sign of comprehension.
“Crazy…” Evelyn said, “…rich.”
“Ah!” Anna said. Not really!
Anna watched as Evelyn eased back into a smile, one that provoked a physical response she was ill prepared to deal with. Was this woman tempting her? To what end? This prompted Anna to dwell on that memory of Evelyn nibbling on her lower lip…
For the entirety of Anna’s life, she believed there were more redeeming qualities in a monkfish than in her reflection. Be it that she was too thin, her muscles overly defined, or her hair too long and wild, every day, she found a reason to hate herself just a bit more. Yet Evelyn was not disgusted… rather the opposite…
She had to admit that simply the idea of someone desiring her, flaws and all, had a positive effect on her psyche. Even if it was just her imagination… I don’t think it is.
Evelyn appeared to lose interest as the jumpsuit was brought up to her armpits. So, Anna was free to slip her arms into the sleeves, just like Evelyn had done, but paused when she noticed some red spots and bruising on her arms.
“Oh dear,” Evelyn said. “It looks like your skin is going to need time to adjust to a dry climate.”
Before the question could be asked, Evelyn left the room and quickly returned with some sort of tube in her hands. She then proceeded to squeeze the sides until a white paste was forced through the opening.
“This will help,” Evelyn said before rubbing the area with ointment.
The compound was cool on contact and soothing, which set Anna’s mind at ease. When Evelyn was done, she returned to her side of the bunk, zipped up, and slipped on her boots. Anna mimicked the motion and paused.
“Ulia,” Anna whispered. How could I forget about her?
“Ulia?” Evelyn asked.
Anna jumped and reached for her chest. She was utterly shocked that despite their relative proximity, the mermaid never expected that name to carry the distance. Clearly, there was a lot to learn about how sound propagated through a breathable atmosphere. Save yourself some trouble and stop making assumptions.
“Friend,” Anna said while pointing at her heart.
“Was that why you were at the dock?” Evelyn asked.
“Yes,” Anna said.
“Was she captured?” Evelyn confirmed.
“Capt—” Anna said.
“Caught?” Evelyn attempted to confirm. “Taken?”
“Yes!” Anna replied excitedly, surprised that her message came across so easily.
“Oh…” Evelyn said softly, her mouth gaping open well after the word escaped her lips.
It took a bit for Evelyn to recover. From Anna’s point of view, it appeared that the other was caught up in deep thought. What does she know? Tell me!
“We mustn’t dilly-dally!” Evelyn shouted, which made Anna flinch, since yelling underwater often had a counterproductive effect. “Come with me.”
Evelyn grabbed her discarded dress and walked out into the hallway. For a moment, Anna hesitated, but her friend did not. I’m coming for you, Ulia!
Anna cautiously stood up on her own two feet and swayed until she found her balance. She often walked underwater, even against a current, but the idea of walking on the surface chilled her blood.
Without warning, a hand grabbed Anna’s arm. She expected her body to protest. Instead, she was propelled forward due to the deceptively powerful pull.
“Come on!” Evelyn repeated.
  
Anna was dragged out of her room and out into a hallway lined with rows of doors similar to hers. She might have been interested in taking in the scenery, but Evelyn was determined to get somewhere. To speed things along, her guide simply jumped in and started the process. Just like her speaking faster and faster.
They stopped momentarily near a heavy-looking set of doors. These were twinned and parted to reveal an expansive space on the other side.
“The concept for this place was dreamed up by a man who liked to hedge his bets,” Evelyn said before leading Anna into the space.
The high arched ceilings, multiple floors, and platforms crossing between decks left Anna flabbergasted. She had never laid eyes upon so much of humanity in one room, let alone something that was intact and functional.
One side featured rows of tables and chairs with a long metal counter on the far end. The other side differed in style. The tables were narrow, taller, and came without stools. What seating there appeared oversized and plushie. She could only imagine what roles these disparate sections served.
“He convinced regional elements of the ruling council to build this arc,” Evelyn added. “Meanwhile, he nearly went bankrupt investing in aerospace…”
Anna had no idea what was being said, since there was not enough context to infer meaning. Words like aerospace and arc were new to her, and there was no time to delve into the nuances of a language that faded over the course of two-hundred cycles. Essa might understand, but she’s old enough to remember those words being used.
“He was insane by the end, what with the rising waters, the rusty fog and the insurrections,” Evelyn continued. “He may have been eccentric before, but that last bit is what led him to start a cult with the stipulation that followers be women… and desperate. Had the grand idea that he would repopulate the Earth…”
Again, there was little Anna could glean from most of that. She did catch a few words like rusty, and fog which Essa mentioned on occasion. The matron often described it as a perpetual cloud of silt in the water, one that blocked the light from the sun. To this day, Essa still complained about how uncomfortably hot and humid it was up here.
“You… were… there?” Anna asked, pausing long enough to find the correct sequence of words.
It was a reasonable question, since there was no hesitation when she spoke. This was not some story passed down from one generation to the next. In fact, there appeared to be no one around, nor any clutter. That meant Evelyn might have been living in isolation all this time. How long has she been alone?
Evelyn turned around long enough for Anna to catch that impish grin before replying, “I was.”
Upon hearing that answer, Anna’s head snapped back as though she had been slapped. Now that her suspicions were confirmed, she was left to wonder how Evelyn managed to keep such a youthful appearance.
“You… not… look… old,” Anna stated as best she could, while her mind mulled over what she had been asked to believe.
“Why thank you, ma chère,” Evelyn said, while every syllable rolled off that silver tongue.
“Secret?” Anna asked.
“Death becomes me,” Evelyn said before shrugging.
“Dead?” Anna confirmed, assuming it was an archaic expression.
“Never mind,” Evelyn said. “It’s a bit difficult to explain while on the move.”
That answer made sense, considering the trouble she had in keeping up. Although, with Evelyn’s encouragement, Anna did manage to survive her first flight of stairs.
To her left, there was a room filled with shelves. Each shelf was overborne with rectangular items of varying colour and dimensions. In fact, there were so many items that there were stacks of them found here and there. In the foreground, there were chairs and lamps, and that made Anna curious.
“That’s a library,” Evelyn said once she realised why Anna had slowed down. Before Anna could ask, she added, “A repository for books… containers for pages filled with the written word. They were used to convey information.”
“Why?” Anna asked.
“Well,” Evelyn said. “Sometimes they entertain, sometimes they teach.”
“Like school?” Anna asked.
“A bit,” Evelyn answered. “I spent months recovering books after the apocalypse.”
“Why?” Anna asked.
“Books do not need technology or power,” Evelyn replied, “But they do need to be cared for.”
There was something about the tone of Evelyn’s voice that said they were done speaking on the subject. She was dragged up another set of stairs and looked down over the railing. From this vantage point, the puffy furniture looked like dollhouse toys. Wow!
When they approached the far side of the atrium, a large steel door was absorbed into the supporting wall. There came a hiss as the pressure equalised between the two spaces. Anna felt the cool air flow over her cheeks.
“Sorry,” Evelyn said. “Some of these systems are… temperamental.”
“Okay,” Anna said with a smile, but remained unsure of what was said.
This time, Evelyn let go of Anna’s hand and walked on through. The first thing that caught Anna’s eyes was the bright white light that made everything come alive.
“Wow!” Anna exclaimed.
“Thought you might like that,” Evelyn said.
Without notice, her nose began to tingle, quickly followed by involuntarily taking a deep breath before forcing all of it out her mouth. In that moment, all of her senses came alive, but she had no clue what hit her.
“Bless you!” Evelyn exclaimed. “Pollen.”
“Pollen?” Anna asked, more concerned about the sneeze than the meaning of that word.
“Hard to explain,” Evelyn said. “Ask me when things settle.”
Her mind opened up to a whole new sense, one suppressed underwater. Merfolk breathed through their gills, not through their noses. These odours were a complex interaction between dozens of sources. It felt like breathing… life.
“The… smell,” Anna said as the word was recovered from some distant memory.
“I was wondering when you’d notice,” Evelyn said. “It can be overpowering at times, especially when the flowers are in bloom.”
“How?” Anna asked.
“How did I know you’d be introduced to a whole new sense?” Evelyn confirmed. “I guessed after you asked about low tide and that… smell…”
The speed at which Evelyn replied to that query set her mind at ease, freeing her to take in all within sight. They were on the third deck of the hydroponics section. The seamless ceiling, in its entirety, was the light source which evoked thoughts of looking at a precious jewel.
“Completely automated,” Evelyn said. When those words had no effect, she added, “Machines do all the work.”
“Why?” Anna asked.
At their level, there was a large brass rail surrounding the deck. There was a mist generating device that rode along the railing, presumably for whatever was growing below. Wait! A machine that actually works!
“This technology was purpose built for this place,” Evelyn said while heading towards another set of stairs that led down. “They later adopted the technology for use in space. That’s how the architect got a ticket off this rock.”
Anna had heard about great cities in the sky, but could never piece together how they looked. Since their kind had lost the ability to create fire, everything technological in nature was pretty much magic.
The second level was filled with life. While she made out the top of certain trees from above, the vegetation here was visible in all its glory. A forest of kelp was far more homogeneous than what was found here. Not to mention, the plants were firmly anchored to the deck.
“All edible,” Evelyn said. “Well… except for the wood.”
“Did… not… go?” Anna asked while lingering on this deck long enough to appreciate the opportunity.
“No…” Evelyn said.
“Why?” Anna asked.
“I’m not a big fan of sunburns,” Evelyn said casually and quickly redirected by adding, “You’re going to love what comes next.”
While those words echoed in Anna’s mind, Evelyn tapped on a panel and a door opened. The lights then turned on in sequence to reveal a stairwell embedded into the wall.
Anna exercised a bit of caution and held onto the railing for dear life. Why didn’t I feel that before… because Evelyn was there to catch me?
On her way down, she realised there was a new light source at play. The walls on her left shimmered as though light were being filtered through water. It all clicked into place when the wall on her right went from opaque concrete to thick glass.
Now that the scents from above had faded, Anna was able to pick up an entirely new concoction. It was hard for her to describe, but it set her mind at ease, as though she were… at home? Why do I feel home here? Unless…
“Fish?” Anna asked.
A large school of fish passed by, unaware or uncaring of their presence. Just above, there was a forest of long, white branches that hung from the ceiling. Anna could only assume that these were connected to the vegetation above. She had heard about farming from Essa, but the matron never mentioned they could cultivate fish.
Evelyn giggled and turned around just long enough to wink. Despite the smile, there was wetness around her eyes, and Anna suspected something was omitted from the narrative.
“Yes,” Evelyn replied. “Unused biomass is transformed into pellets that the fish eat. In turn, they generate… waste to fertilise the plants.”
“Can… you eat… fish?” Anna asked.
“Of course,” Evelyn said before focusing on another school of fish. “There are four more facilities like this one.”
When her foot hit the deck, Anna noted they were in a large hallway with another hydroponics bay on the opposite side. Just behind them, there was a large door like the one used to leave the atrium. Had they gone straight through the atrium’s lower level, they would have ended here. Just without a good view of this… ecosystem.
At the opposing end of the hallway there was an intersection. In the dead centre of the wall, Anna spied the biggest door yet. The hallways that spread out perpendicularly from the centre were filled with smaller doors that were similar in style to those adjacent to her room.
The hallway had a constant airflow passing through it, which meant the scents from the fish habitat and hydroponics were negated. However, something lingered in the air, like a remora did to sharks.
“Living quarters,” Evelyn said, guessing what Anna was focused on.
“Yours?” Anna said and did not elaborate.
“No,” Evelyn said. “The view brings up bad memories.”
Not willing to linger, Evelyn set a course for the centre door. However, an aspect of the scent faded as though it were swimming away. She looked around, curious, but there was no obvious source. Still, some part of the smell remained which was not overwhelming nor unpleasant. What could it be? The only consistent thing throughout… Me?
On a hunch, she brought up her elbow until it enveloped her nose and took in a deep breath. There it was, a rich, earthy, and slightly sweet smell that put a smile on her face. That explained the source of one, but not the fleeting scent, the one that faded with every step… I have an idea.
Anna hesitated for a moment. With no desire to get separated, she tried to run for it and almost face-planted. Her body quickly adjusted to the rhythm and caught up. Sure enough, that fleeting scent became more pronounced as she approached Evelyn. Something sweet and enchanting, rather pleasant to her nose and on her palate.
“Smell…” Anna began while running through options for the second part, “…good.”
“Why thank you, ma chère,” Evelyn said.
“Smells like…” Anna said but realised she had not mastered enough vocabulary to describe it, so she pointed towards hydroponics.
“Oh,” Evelyn said. “Right you are! I use vanilla as a base for my fragrances. Perfumes are pretty rare these days,”
Anna adopted a wide grin, partially for being right, but mostly for having found a way to back away from delving into subjects that Evelyn dared not dredge up. For now, that was the closest thing she had to a win.

CHAPTER 9
THE SHRINE
  
This door opened up just like the one back at the atrium, but this time, there were no changes in pressure. The act of opening this door activated a lighting system that turned on in sequence until the entire space came alight.
This place had a different feel than the prior spaces. For one, the walls and ceiling were bare, and the piping, ventilation, and supporting struts were visible. Anna did not understand that this area prioritised function over aesthetics.
The contents were something else altogether. Anna had come across barnacle infested statues before and even managed to find a few ornate portrait frames that were intact. She had never seen pristine pieces of artwork, let alone hundreds, if not thousands.
In what might be called a warehouse, there were several narrow winding paths. Anna imagined herself getting lost in this maze, something that she would not necessarily mind, but her pilot steered them through without concern.
There were portraits of women throughout the ages in various stages of undress and body size. Occasionally, Anna came across some scenery or a notable piece of architecture, but not one featured men.
Statues had the same narrow focus, but differed greatly in materials. Some were bronze, others were carved out of stone. What impressed her most was the detail: visible musculature, minute imperfections in the skin. Nothing like this survived in the water, which led her to wonder why they were here at all.
Despite Evelyn being so talkative along the way, she was now quiet as a jellyfish, and Anna did not know enough to formulate a hypothesis. Were these relics from her distant past too painful for Evelyn to speak of? It might be a good idea for me to say something…
“From…” Anna began to say while struggling to find the next word, “musée?”
Up to that point, Evelyn had been keeping her distance. When that question popped up, she giggled before adopting a warm smile.
“Non,” Evelyn said, and before Anna could say anything, she added, “You’ll see.”
This left Anna feeling as though she was being stonewalled. Why would she be smiling in that way if this were true? Unless the truth was waiting for them in the other room? So, she sighed and put on a smile that mimicked the woman’s. Like I have a choice.
  
There were a lot of doors along the far end of the storage bay, all of them similarly sized. When Evelyn walked through one, they ended up in a passageway with matching doors on the opposite side. Anna chanced looking down both ends and wondered if this complex ever ended.
Evelyn did not delay before interacting with a panel near the opposing door to bring the system to life. The pressure differential forced air to brush past Anna’s cheeks, causing her to tear up. The air here had a bite to it, if that made any sense, and that was before a powerful scent hit her like a dolphin’s tail to the chest.
Until now, the odours had been subtle, like stone, leather, and vanilla. Whatever the source, this was decidedly artificial in nature, and her body rejected it. If not for the fact that she was blinded by tears, Anna might have questioned why Evelyn was unaffected.
When Anna began to sob, Evelyn turned around, realised what was going on, and disappeared. Within a couple of heartbeats, Evelyn was facing her with a mask fitted with two large canisters. Due to the urgency, she pushed it past Anna’s hands and pressed it directly against her face.
Anna fought against the confining nature of the mask, but Evelyn held on tightly. While the pressure applied was not painful, she figured that even an eel would not be able to escape her powerful grip.
“I’m sorry,” Evelyn said. “I should’ve realised that you’d react to vapours from paints and solvents.”
The words were faint and distant at first, drowned out by her mind struggling to deal with the reaction. However, once a few breaths of filtered air entered her lungs, her anxiety waned enough to steady herself.
Evelyn used the opportunity to fit the mask properly. She froze upon seeing those tear-filled eyes though the mask and let out a soft gasp.
“Evelyn?” Anna asked.
The pause persisted for several seconds before ending in a loud gasp of air. In that instant, Anna caught a glimpse of Evelyn’s lower lip trembling and those green eyes watering, but that was quickly replaced with a smile.
“Wha—” Anna said.
“Paint… used to apply colour to various surfaces,” Evelyn said to further evade questions.
Anna’s mouth gaped open, caught in mid-motion from being interrupted. Once Evelyn was done, she shut up and nodded, because the other was clearly not interested in discussing matters.
The door closed behind them, giving Evelyn a further reason to evade. Now that they had a solid seal, the woman proceeded to slam her fist against a large red button. Several large fans came to life and fresh air brushed against Anna’s cheeks.
“I usually don’t use this,” Evelyn said. “The noise distracts me.”
“What… does—” Anna asked.
“Does it do?” Evelyn confirmed. “It… gets rid of that bad air you reacted to.”
“Breathe?” Anna pressed.
“Soon,” Evelyn said with a nod. “Yes.”
That exchange was telling, but Anna did not know what to make of it. She witnessed Evelyn suck the life from whatever that thing was on the docks and that by itself was pretty disturbing. Where are the fangs and claws now?
Her guide was also fast, much faster than anything merfolk ever encountered. So, why was she unaffected by the fumes in this room? Should I even ask?
Again, Evelyn displayed a great deal of skill in evading answers. Anna was unsure what would be accomplished by pressing for information. After all, she was no longer in her element and entirely dependent on her host. Great… I’m at her mercy.
In need of a distraction, Anna looked around the room, hoping to find something to get Evelyn talking. That idea sunk to the depths like a stone once she realised that absolutely nothing here made sense to her.
There were several workbenches, shelves, and a wide array of tools lying around, none of which held any meaning. What good was a hammer to someone who never saw a nail? What did a brush do other than feel good when caressing the nape of her neck? I really am a fish out of water.
“What for?” Anna asked while making a circular motion over her head.
“Oh,” Evelyn asked as blush flooded her cheeks. “You look so… human. How much did you understand?”
“About,” Anna said while keeping her thumb and forefinger about a half a centimetre apart.
Evelyn pouted before answering, “I’m sorry.”
“De rien,” Anna said.
“Really?” Evelyn asked with a giggle. “Well… you remember all that stuff in the big room?”
“Art?” Anna confirmed.
“Oui!” Evelyn shouted. “All of that was made right here.”
“All…” Anna started off before the brunt of that statement hit her, “you?”
Despite uttering those words, it made very little sense to her. But, the excitement in Evelyn’s voice hinted strongly that this was true. Anna had observed a few of the local artists doing their craft back at the village. While some were faster than others, their work still took time, patience, and a lot of practice to achieve.
“Yes,” Evelyn said and began to point out particular objects. “Woodworking tools for frames, a loom for textiles that I use to make canvases… over there we have brushes and paint—”
“Stone?” Anna asked.
“Plenty of tools here for that,” Evelyn replied while beaming a smile. “There is even a forge for iron work.”
“How?” Anna asked.
“Time,” Evelyn replied.
Her curiosity would not be satiated by silence, not when so juicy a question begged to be asked. Evelyn had already admitted to being around before the sea reclaimed these lands. However, she sensed there was more to it than that.
“How—” Anna asked.
“Over a century now,” Evelyn replied.
Centuries and years did not mean much to a group of people who never set eyes upon the sun. That’s why they relied on the effects of the moon, specifically the tides, to measure the passage of time. Two peaks in a day, but without the sky overhead, there was no way to tell if it was day or night.
That’s why their months were half the length, the latter based on the spring tides. So, a month occurred roughly every fourteen days, the largest unit of time they could rely on. As an anachronism, they considered a cycle to be twelve springs. Of course, cycles were prone to error.
Days were even worse; in some cases villages differed by weeks. In truth, bad storms had adverse effects on measuring time for weeks at a time, because choppy seas easily masked the tides guiding the passage of a day.
“You look… no more… thirty-six,” Anna said, guessing that the other looked younger than her. Once she caught Evelyn’s jaw drop, she decided to add, “Cycles…”
Evelyn’s eyes rolled up to the ceiling, and she bit down on one side of her lower lip. Whatever the reason, Anna was really curious about what would be said.
“So over two-hundred cycles,” Evelyn replied. “Assuming they are about half a year.”
Anna’s eyes bulged, before she sputtered, “How—Alone?”
Evelyn sighed, as though this was going to be a difficult conversation to have. This woman was starved for human company, desperate to reconnect, but also afraid to dive into a past littered with tragedy and death.
“Not for parts of it,” Evelyn said, pushing off towards the far end of this room where another door awaited them.
  
Anna always had a keen interest in learning more about the time before the floods. Alas, both Essa and Evelyn were secretive about that aspect of their lives.
For someone born after the apocalypse, it was difficult to understand why they would not openly share their experiences. However, Anna was young, and that perception might change if she experienced a similar event. Would I talk about village life if it were suddenly torn from the mud by the raging seas? Would I be able to revisit the site?
It never really occurred to her until now that this might end up being a downstream only trip, one where the journey is easy, pushed along by the currents, but ended by getting marooned. What if she was wounded? Captured? Killed?
When this door opened up, the suction from the fans drew in the air from the antechamber. Evelyn pointed towards Anna’s mask and to a series of identical ones hanging on the wall. She got the hint and deposited hers. What a relief! I missed being able to breathe without a mask!
This room was filled with dozens of statues at various stages of completion. If not for the lack of aquatic growth, Anna would have assumed the elements or time had been the cause of their deficiencies. Still, there was too much consistency between these works for that to be true.
One model featured was a tall and slender female with sharp facial features, in various stages of undress. The most notable aspect was two round holes found between the shoulders, a detail that led Anna to wonder if something was missing to complete each piece of work. This particular model was the most featured amongst these sculptures, a clue that the artist was fixated on whoever this was.
It was only after looking over the details that it became clear that these were unfinished. Nothing more than failed attempts that did not meet Evelyn’s exacting standards. A gouge here, an imperfection there instead of accepting a flaw, she started anew. So why not throw them out?
Another common model could not contrast the predominant one more. This one was smaller, curvaceous, and notable for the exaggerated hourglass figure. The facial features were soft and always came adorned with a head of curly hair. Both models were beautiful, stunning, if not a bit too symmetrical.
“Beautiful,” Anna let go in a soft whisper.
Despite being a good ten metres ahead, Evelyn turned around. She gave Anna the once over and smiled, a mysterious smile that promised so much. What is she promising?
“Yes, you are,” Evelyn said with a wink.
No one had ever complimented Anna like that, let alone another woman. There was a rush of blood to her cheeks which made her feel warm and uncomfortable in her jumpsuit. That only made Evelyn’s smile feel more potent and alluring. Now I get it.
“Thank you,” Anna said. “I meant—”
Evelyn had a tendency of cutting her off, which only hardened Anna’s resolve to master speaking as fast like Evelyn did. She supposed that taking so long to say what she meant was a lot to ask for someone starved for attention.
“Three who left an imprint on my mind,” Evelyn said softly.
“Who?” Anna asked while pointing at the predominant works.
Only then did she notice a couple of bronze feathers and stone wings, not that their designs made any sense to her, especially for someone who had never seen a bird in flight. Why would the model have growths on her back? What function could they serve?
“A goddess,” Evelyn said. “One who toiled amongst us mortals.”
“Goddess?” Anna asked.
“An all-powerful being,” Evelyn said. “I suspect if your people knew of the sacrifices she made for the good of this world, they would build temples in her name.”
“Her?” Anna asked while pointing at the curvy girl.
“A demon,” Evelyn said. “A construct built by the greatest enemy we ever faced. One who haunts me to this day.”
Anna’s eyes were glassy. Concepts like goddesses and demons were entirely new to her, but the context did help. Still that terminology struck her as particularly dramatic. How do I sift out the truth from all these embellishments?
“Ulia,” Anna said as the memory of those steel jaws closing on her friend resurfaced despite her curiosity being inundated with so much stimuli.
“Right,” Evelyn said dryly.
Her guide did a quick pivot and opened yet another door. This time, it led to a hallway, one that travelled perpendicularly to the general direction they had travelled. This passageway was noteworthy, because one side was carved into the native rock.
Anna never realised that she missed the third model, one hidden amongst all the others. There were a half-dozen in all, featuring another woman who left a powerful imprint on Evelyn’s mind for entirely different reasons.

CHAPTER 10
OUT OF THE UNDERWORLD
  
Just like this facility, the hallway they were walking through went on forever. It took several minutes, at a quick pace, before the end came into sight. Once they neared the door, Evelyn moved up ahead to interact with the panel.
“Here,” Evelyn said while pointing to a glowing green panel. “Press your hand against this.”
Anna looked on, confused about this request. This entire facility responded to Evelyn’s every whim, so why was she suddenly in the equation?
“What… for?” Anna asked, thankful for not being interrupted.
“This is a security door,” Evelyn said. “It only permits one of us to pass at a time.”
“How does… it… know?” Anna asked.
That was a good question. How would this system know or care about her? She certainly had no memories of doing so on the way in. I can’t even remember getting here.
“You were added to the system when I took you in,” Evelyn said in a soothing voice. “That means the system will recognise your handprint.”
“Really?” Anna confirmed.
“Really,” Evelyn said before flashing a smile. “Once you press your hand against that panel the door will open. Go on through and it will close. After a pause, another will open on the other side.”
“Why?” Anna asked realising that she was saying this a lot.
“It’s a decontamination chamber,” Evelyn said. “It is designed to keep this facility and the outside world separate.”
“How?” Anna said while varying the space between her thumb and forefinger.
Evelyn focused on that motion and giggled when she got what the hand signal implied. After all, language was not universal and relied on conventions.
“The system will talk you through the process,” Evelyn said. “Just be sure to walk through the second set of doors when done. Otherwise, I won’t be able to follow you.”
Anna let her breath filter through her teeth. She was going to be on her own in what was essentially an alien environment. If she were not already living it, it would have been impossible for her to imagine becoming so dependent on another. That can’t be good for me. How will I find Ulia if we end up getting separated?
After a bit of hesitation, Anna pressed her hand against the panel. A red beam worked its way down from the tip of her middle finger to her wrist and displayed the details of the imprint on the screen above. This might just as easily have been a magical incantation.
The door opened up and revealed a tubular hallway with a narrow walkway. She looked behind to Evelyn who was nodding to confirm everything was alright.
“Go on, ma chère,” Evelyn said.
Anna gulped sending her heart to the bottom of her webbed toes along with whatever was in her throat. Out of options, she shuffled on forward, and the chamber’s back door shut before she reached the centre.
On either side, there were thick and seamless windows. It was dark through the looking glass, and other than her own reflection, she made out nothing more than the outlines of a few chairs. How did she find this place to begin with?
“Beginning scan,” a voice said with a cold mechanical detachment.
There was no one else in here, so she assumed that the facility was talking to her. Anna figured that had she stumbled upon this place by accident, she would have believed a higher power was speaking.
Similar to the hand scanner, six red beams shot out from different directions. They flowed over her body, leaving her momentarily befuddled because there was no rhyme nor reason to their actions.
“Accessing,” the disembodied voice said. “Species human: Chromosome pairing type: XX.”
“Merm—” Anna corrected.
“Antibody responses within acceptable parameters,” the voice said.
“Anti—” Anna asked.
“Warning. Five per cent genetic drift from baseline detected… variance within acceptable levels,” the voice added.
This time Anna realised that the system was automated and did not care for nor want her input. She tried to take in the information but realised that a lot of the terminology was new.
“Cardiac, circulatory, and respiratory systems: normal,” the voice said.
Normal was a good thing in Anna’s mind, no matter what it was attached to. However, this was probably the only time she had ever been described as such. It was typical for merfolk to view those like her as being defective.
“Scan complete,” the voice said. “Please visit the medical bay at your earliest convenience for a complete psychological workup.”
“Okay?” Anna asked, but before the word left her lips, it was drowned out by the opening door.
Without any delay, Anna walked on through. There was no way she would risk getting stuck in there for a second scan. I’d rather cuddle a shark.
  
While Anna honestly believed that she had been stuck in that chamber for an eternity, the door behind her opened up moments after she exited. Anna turned around and did a series of rapid blinks as though doubting her eyes.
Evelyn stepped out of the chamber and caught sight of a tear building up in the corner of the mermaid’s left eye. She approached tentatively and followed through with a hug.
“I’m sorry,” Evelyn said. “Would it have been better had I gone first?”
Anna melted into the embrace. It brought back memories of being with Essa and how an hug made all her woes vanish, no matter how bad the day had been.
“No,” Anna said. “I’m fine.”
Evelyn smiled, got on the tips of her toes, and gave Anna a quick peck on the cheek. It was cool to the touch, so Anna ran her fingertips over that patch of skin. This time she felt the heat… Now, that is odd.
Her guide backed away and approached the next set of doors. These slid apart and revealed a small well-lit room surrounded by a railing. Evelyn walked in and motioned for Anna to follow.
“Hang on to the rail,” Evelyn said when Anna walked in. Once Anna complied, she stated, “Observation deck.”
The doors slid shut on command, and Anna experienced a sudden acceleration. Her knees nearly buckled and she grasped the railing with all her might. It was not long before her knuckles turned white from the strain.
“Elevator,” Evelyn said. “We are being pulled up towards the surface.”
“Is this…” Anna said. “…normal?”
“For a high-speed elevator?” Evelyn confirmed. “Yes. You’ll feel a slight jolt when we reach our dest—”
As though Evelyn had timed the warning the jolt hit them and Anna continued to move with the momentum. In reaction, her knees straightened, and by the end, she was balanced on the tips of her boots. While Evelyn did not move, she did grimace, trying her damnedest not to burst out laughing.
When Anna settled, the doors slid open, and Evelyn walked off. The walls were constructed similarly to those below, but the lighting differed. Everything was dull and orange, which made all she saw appear old and corroded.
Curious as to the source, Anna looked up and saw the thick orange cloud. It turned out that the ceiling was actually transparent like the wall at the far end of this room.
“I can’t remember ever having such child-like innocence,” Evelyn said. “You’re lucky.”
“Lucky?” Anna asked.
Evelyn nodded before answering, “Of course. All of this is new and exciting. For me? Always mundane and routine.”
“…require immediate assistance,” a woman said.
“Ulia?” Anna called out.
“She’s… not here,” Evelyn said. “We came here to confirm a theory.”
“The—” Anna asked.
“Please, ma chère,” Evelyn said. “They used to say that a picture is worth a thousand words. For you, a demonstration may be worth millions.”
Both of those numbers were beyond what she could visualise. No matter, she was willing to give her guide some leeway.
“To anyone listening on this channel, this is space station Zeta,” the static-filled voice began.
Evelyn casually headed over to one of the stations. Unlike the adjacent ones, this unit illuminated the area. Anna could not help but wonder why her guide was so calm and deliberate, in stark contrast to the urgency of that voice pleading for help.
“There was a mutiny… casualties on both sides…” The voice added before falling prey to the static.
Anna watched as Evelyn sat at the console. It must have been a long time since she last used it, because the woman was unfamiliar with the controls.
“…estimate that we have enough food and water to last us twelve days with rationing,” the voice continued.
Evelyn flipped a switch and shunted the audio to the main broadcast. The volume was so loud that Anna had to cover her ears.
“Sorry!” Evelyn yelled to be heard.
“Life support systems sabotaged. Running at fifteen percent capacity. We require—” the voice insisted before being cut off.
“There,” Evelyn said when the right button was toggled. “That was an automated distress signal.”
“Not worried?” Anna asked.
Since it was just the two of them, she did not bother pointing at Evelyn. By now, it should be obvious who the recipient was.
“That message was sent out one-hundred-and…” Evelyn said while double checking a number, “…sixteen years ago.”
“Dead?” Anna asked.
“I suspect so,” Evelyn replied.
“Why listen?” Anna pressed.
“Because…” Evelyn said softly before swallowing hard, “that’s the last human voice I’ve heard… well, until you showed up.”
That certainly explained why Evelyn was unfamiliar with the controls. She preferred hearing a voice from beyond the grave than face deafening silence.
“Will it end?” Anna asked.
“When the power generators give out or the station burns up in our atmosphere,” Evelyn whispered. “Well! It’s high time that we look for your friend.”
This was an obvious attempt at avoiding further questioning, but Anna understood. At least she was able to transition between her worlds. Sadly those cities floating up in the sky were unattainable, which made them silent witnesses.
Evelyn pushed her chair which sent her rolling towards a larger console located near the forward viewport. Those fingers flew over the controls without even looking, indicating hat this console was frequently in use.
“It looks like the proximity sensors were triggered,” Evelyn said, pressing on some iconography that turned the forward viewport into a large screen display.
The blue outlines for building and ground features were eerily familiar. There was much similarity between this readout and its appearance underwater, a place that was perpetually illuminated in blue.
“See the red dot?” Evelyn asked. “A group of twelve or so passed by that point earlier today.”
“From… ship?” Anna asked.
Evelyn nodded, touched the console with two fingers, and brought them closer together. While the details on the map got smaller, it revealed a larger area.
Another dot appeared, this one located near an expansive body of water. Also visible were small islands, which in hindsight marked locations that were either elevated points or buildings breaking through the surface. Beyond that is home.
However, she did not know what the new dot represented. Was it there I made landfall?
“That’s the dock,” Evelyn said. “To make their way inland, they have to pass through here.”
“Why?” Anna asked, thinking that following the shore would be easier.
“They will need supplies,” Evelyn said. “Fresh water is a rarity in these parts.”
“Fresh?” Anna asked, because for a mermaid water was water.
“No brine,” Evelyn replied. “High concentrations of salt are bad for life on the surface.”
Evelyn selected an overlay that brought up a group of light blue dots. One thing she noticed was their precise distribution, which Anna interpreted as being man made.
“This facility was built under the waterline,” Evelyn said. “Every day water seeps in from the sea, through the bedrock, and is collected by automated systems. What the station does not need gets pumped out.”
With another tap, a series of pipes was added. Every light-blue dot was interconnected, and the overall image formed the outline of the arc. Anna watched on, in awe of how far humans progressed before going extinct.
“So, we are the sole sources of freshwater on the island,” Evelyn said. “About half are confined within the city ruins… so that leaves us with…”
Evelyn pressed on a toggle for five seconds. They heard a whoosh followed by a quick flash of light overheard. The initial display vanished, replaced by a map made up of tones that ranged from nearly black to a bright white.
The water sources were surrounded by green, and there were a bunch of small white dots surrounded by yellows and reds. It looked pretty, but Anna had no way of knowing what information it conveyed.
“Heat map,” Evelyn said. “Sensitive enough to differentiate body heat from a fire—oh non!”
Since there were no significant heat signatures outside of that cluster, they had a place to start. However, there were a lot more than a dozen dots. Is Ulia—
“Ulia…” Anna said. “With them?”
“Can’t tell,” Evelyn said before the display vanished. “Merde! They shot down the drone.”
“Drone—” Anna said.
“Not important,” Evelyn said. “We need to get there… and fast.”
For Anna, it was clear that Evelyn would not adopt such a direct tone without reason. The narrow eyes and neutral features implied that it was time to get serious. Is she worried about my life? Or hers?
“We don’t have the luxury of going through in-depth weapons training, and we can’t bring heavy packs,” Evelyn said. “We need to be light, fast, and avoid making contact with…”
“Okay,” Anna replied firmly.
“Are you sure?” Evelyn asked.
“For Ulia?” Anna confirmed. “Yes.”
With one press of the off button, the viewport reverted to the view of the orange cloud outside. The phenomenon was so pervasive that Anna wondered if it was one solid mass.
“And away we—” Evelyn said.
“No,” Anna said. “Why… did they take Ulia?”
Evelyn turned around to face the window and said, “I’m not sure.”
“Guess?” Anna pushed.
“I think they intend to use her to activate what remains of the planet’s nuclear arsenal,” Evelyn said. “Weapons that can erase entire cities from existence.”
“How… would… that help?” Anna asked.
“They think it will force the cities above to come down for them,” Evelyn said.
“Will—” Anna said.
“No,” Evelyn said flatly.
It surprised Anna that Evelyn could be so certain about what happened up there. If this was common knowledge, then why would they take Ulia for the purpose of forwarding their agenda? She supposed that faith was a powerful motivator. Essa had warned her many times about following a zealot. Do I have a choice?
“But—” Anna asked.
“Later,” Evelyn said. “Now come with me. We have a bit of a hike ahead of us.”
Anna noted that the musical notes were back in her guide’s voice. She had to admit it, those cheerful tones were preferable. There is a coldness to this one, and I’m not sure that I want to figure out why.
“Okay,” Anna chimed.

CHAPTER 11
FALL FROM GRACE
  
“Here,” Evelyn said while holding onto a long metallic cylinder with some sort of plastic assembly enveloping one end.
Anna had come across such items before, since younglings sometimes played with plastic facsimiles back at the village. This one was free of corrosion and had an odour that she now associated with machinery.
“You’ll need this,” Evelyn said.
“No idea… how to use…” Anna said.
“Good point,” Evelyn said. “Almost everyone in my day knew. In fact, many joked that it was a point and shoot interface.”
Evelyn brought the weapon firmly into her shoulder. She pressed her cheek against the stock, adjusting her position until her eye was lined up with the sight. All the while, her trigger finger rested against the guard.
She pulled on the ribbed grip, which racked back and ejected a cartridge. Anna watched the red plastic and brass-bottomed object sail through the air until it bounced off the floor. Only then did she notice that Evelyn was waiting for her to pay attention.
“That’s how you chamber a round and cycle out a spent shell,” Evelyn said before pressing her finger against the trigger.
When nothing happened, she flipped the weapon onto its side so Anna could get a better view. There was a small black nib sticking out to one side.
“You have to pull the trigger…” Evelyn said.
Evelyn cycled through every round until six in all were spread out over the floor. She then pushed on the nib, and Anna noticed that a red coloured variant popped out the other side.
This time, when she pressed the trigger, it moved along with her finger and made a loud click. Evelyn giggled at the sight of Anna cringing.
“…but you’ll need to disable the safety first,” Evelyn said. “Push it back on once the situation calms down.”
Evelyn proceeded to collect the discarded shells, chambered one, and inserted the remaining five. Every motion was slow and deliberate, so Anna could see what was going on.
“Clear as mud?” Evelyn asked.
“Clear—” Anna said.
“Right…” Evelyn said. “Look, take off the safety, hold it like I did, line up that bead on what you want to shoot, and pull the trigger.”
“What if… fails?” Anna asked.
While that question made Evelyn giggle, she did manage to answer with a straight face, “Then engage the safety and whack people with it.”
“Can I use?” Anna asked while pointing at Ulia’s spear.
The spear, along with her backpack, vest, and armour were still by the airlock. Despite being clean and dry, there was a distinctive smell that reminded her of that fish farm they passed by, but more pronounced. I guess she was right about low tide…
“Of course,” Evelyn said. “You’ll still need to take this shotgun.”
“Okay,” Anna said with a smile, reaching for Ulia’s weapon.
The wood grain felt different somehow. It was rough, and she immediately caught a splinter. Alas, wood swells when wet, so the dry shaft had narrowed too much to hold the tip in place. With one quick shake, the tip rattled off.
“Oh dear,” Evelyn said.
Anna quietly reached down and grabbed the spearhead. It was lightweight, sharp, and left her with a sense of comfort. Without hesitation, Anna felt around and found a pocket slider on her left leg. She zipped it open to stow the tip, and fortunately, it fit without cutting into her leg. All good!
“Take this as well,” Evelyn said.
In Evelyn’s hand, there was a backpack. Unlike the one she had, this one still had all the fasteners. She could not help but smile at all the things Evelyn was giving away. Wait? What’s the price?
“Mostly food, water purification equipment, and camp stuff,” Evelyn said, pointing at the various pockets and the bundle underneath to indicate their location.
Anna grabbed the pack and nearly dropped it. It was surprisingly heavy, given that Evelyn had been holding it effortlessly with one hand. After a bit of a struggle, she shouldered the bag, and Evelyn helped her adjust the straps to make it more comfortable.
“Food…” Anna whispered.
“Hungry?” Evelyn confirmed.
Her guide reached for a third pack and pulled out two bars. Evelyn tossed one to Anna and came up alongside, to demonstrate how to tear and peel back the wrapping.
With a bit of fumbling, Anna mimicked the motions and bit into the smooth brown bar just like Evelyn did. Her tongue reacted to the overwhelmingly sweet taste, another new experience. At first, she wanted to spit out the contents, but the chocolate melted in her mouth and brought forth a whole slew of undiscovered sensations.
“Not what you are used to, is it?” Evelyn said before swallowing her first bite.
“Different,” Anna said with chocolate-covered teeth.
Evelyn giggled, but did not mention why. It was not really an appropriate time to teach table manners. Still the smile that lingered hinted that eating in the company of another was appreciated.
“We can try other things later,” Evelyn said after swallowing her last piece. “Now, you’ll need to put this on…”
It was a mask, very much like the one worn earlier. However, there were tubes attached which connected to a thin metallic box. The box also featured straps designed to fasten it to her chest.
“Oh dear,” Evelyn said. “It’s been a while… I’m afraid that you’ll need to remove your pack and hand me your weapon.”
Anna eyed the contraption with suspicion. Evelyn was not wearing this when we met.
“I warn you,” Evelyn said, “You won’t be able to breathe for thirty seconds.”
“Why—what is?” Anna asked.
“It’s called a rebreather,” Evelyn said. “It will take the air you expel, and recycle it back for use.”
“Why?” Anna repeated.
“It needs air to be cycled through to initialize,” Evelyn said. “Just close your eyes and keep breathing. Filtered air will come through before you know it.”
Anna surrendered her weapon, dropped the pack, and was about to slip on the mask when Evelyn interrupted her.
“Oh,” Evelyn said, “I forgot something!”
She then reached for Anna’s old backpack. After a moment of rummaging around inside, a silver pin dropped on to the deck.
“For luck,” Evelyn said as she grabbed the pin.
Anna’s eyes opened wide. While surrounded by all of these distractions, she forgot about the one thing that linked her with Essa.
“Thank you,” Anna said, unwilling to dwell on her lapse.
Evelyn leaned forward and affixed it to the straps of her rebreather. Once firmly in place, she backed away and smiled.
“De rien,” Evelyn replied.
Anna loosely donned the rebreather, unwilling to commit to it until she was sure it would work. Placing her trust in Evelyn, she closed her eyes and tried to breathe on normally.
At first, it was effortless, as though nothing had changed. However, as carbon-dioxide accumulated in the system, anxiety swelled. Anna dug her nails into the palm of her hands to create a distraction, however, even after a few more breaths, that was ineffective.
When Anna opened her eyes, desperate for air, she realised that Evelyn was staring intently into her face. Even with a fog built-up inside the mask, she caught sight of Evelyn holding up four fingers, then three, then two, and one.
Anna’s anxiety tapered off as cool dry air cycled back through the systems. That meant the worst was over, and she let out a long sigh washing away all of her anxiety.
“Well done!” Evelyn said. “I’m proud of you.”
“Tha—” Anna began, stopping abruptly when she heard the change in her voice.
“That’s normal,” Evelyn said, “You’ll get used to it.”
Anna did not like that. The idea that she might be wearing this thing long enough to have to adjust left her feeling cold and numb. It would have been just as cruel to tell her that she would never again feel the cool waters of the sea.
Unfortunately, a new distraction surfaced. A pressure, an involuntary response to clench her muscles, encouraged her to realise that this was not a simple case of unwrap and release.
“Need to pee,” Anna said softly.
Evelyn’s eyes grew in size before softening. Soon after, Evelyn broke out laughing, giggling away as though this was comedy gold.
“Not funny,” Anna whined.
Her guide took a moment to steady herself and even wiped a tear from her cheek. She straightened up as her smile faded away and looked at all the gear they would need to take off.
“At least we weren’t outside,” Evelyn said with a wink. “Now let’s get you out of this…”
  
Anna gave her guide a dirty look as dust kicked off her boots. If looks could kill, then Evelyn ought to have plenty of reasons to fear for her life.
“What is it?” Evelyn asked, tired of guessing why the mermaid’s mood had veered so far off course.
“Nothing…” Anna replied, “…cold.”
“Cold? What was—” Evelyn said. “Oh no! I forgot to tell you about the seat…”
  
After walking outside for an hour, Anna realised that Evelyn was right on a few matters, although she would never admit to it. For example, all that drama surrounding her first use of the toilet. Given time for her mood to settle, it allowed her to see that it was mildly funny. In time, she might even build up the courage to tell this tale to her pod for a laugh.
The second was that she did in fact grow accustomed to wearing her rebreather. Anna was not even aware that she was wearing it. However, she suspected the newness of the experience was a major factor.
The rusty-coloured fog was everywhere, ever-present and confining. In fact, she felt more claustrophobic now than she had ever felt before in her life. This situation was made worse due to the lack of wind which wrapped her in a blanket of humidity that clung to her skin. In Anna’s mind, she pictured herself trapped in a cloudy fish bowl.
How Evelyn remained oblivious to all of this really boggled her mind. Although, the hooded woman did appear to be right at home. Well, she has been here since before the fall.
The first object that she recognised from within the fog was a billboard. Several panels were missing, revealing details of previous iterations. Despite the wear and tear, Anna caught sight of the faded outline of a long-tailed mermaid.
“Ulia,” Anna whispered.
Why did she leave her friend behind? They should have gone up together, and given proximity Anna might have been able to knock some sense into her friend. Still, Ulia was not normally curious… why would she go straight into the light?
“Oh…” Evelyn said, “…that’s still up there.”
“From before?” Anna asked.
Evelyn nodded but turned away before her eyes teared up. Anna saw how these glimpses into the past were difficult for her to deal with. The question was, what could she do about it? Was it appropriate to hug? To tell Evelyn that she understood? Or let her know she was here to listen? With what I actually know, Evelyn is better off talking to a wall.
Still, how would she feel if their roles were reversed? While neither was particularly well off, Evelyn’s isolation made it an unimaginable burden to bear.
Anna slung her weapon and approached. She placed a hand softly atop Evelyn’s shoulder. In turn, the woman froze entirely, as though unsure of what to do. The two remained like this for a while, trapped in the moment between two heartbeats.
After some self-prompting, Anna slid her hand down towards Evelyn’s waist and brought her other arm around to the other side. While not ideal, she believed this was the preferable option. Away from those fangs.
Even with a light touch, Anna felt every muscle twitch. It was as though this small bit of contact was unfamiliar to Evelyn. Still, she held on and kept her breathing steady, even though her heart was desperately trying to beat out of her chest.
Eventually, Evelyn turned around and looked up through the mask into those brown eyes. Anna did not say a word. She waited, patient and calm, until Evelyn rested her head in the middle of the mermaid’s chest.
Anna held on while Evelyn’s body spasmed from the deluge of emotion. She had to admit it. Life spent under the loving tutelage of their family’s matron did nothing to prepare her for situations like these. What would?
“I’m sorry,” Evelyn managed to say before sniffling. “I used to live over there.”
Evelyn pointed at a dilapidated home, one collapsed entirely onto itself. Despite there being no freeze or thaw anymore, the constant humidity wreaked havoc on wood framed structures. Anna guessed that the roof must have caved in first, followed by the supporting floors. The stone walls had been drawn in from the top and sagged towards the centre.
“Some of my best memories took place in that home,” Evelyn said, while her hoarse voice cracked from all those emotions that threatened to send her overboard.
“What happened?” Anna asked as a way to keep Evelyn talking.
“Insurrection,” Evelyn said. “The people grew tired of their government’s false promises and rose up to fight.”
“They won?” Anna asked.
“At first, no,” Evelyn replied. “However, their numbers swelled as more grew desperate.”
“And?” Anna prompted.
“Eventually, they pushed the government back to this island,” Evelyn said. “They blew the bridges as a delaying tactic.”
That explained the damage on the crooked bridge. Still, she managed to cross the river and assumed that such a tactic would slow them down. What did they gain?
“That kept them at bay for a short time,” Evelyn carried on. “Gave both sides the opportunity to build a flotilla, an army of ships. It also permitted the government forces time to dig in.”
“To build the… arc?” Anna asked.
“No,” Evelyn said with a giggle, signalling the return of that smile. “That information was lost in the chaos, well before they made their last stand. Otherwise, they would have used it as a base of operations.”
“How could they—” Anna said.
“Governments thrived on corruption,” Evelyn said before breaking away. “Bribes were common in obtaining building permits, marriage licences, or even to get medically cleared to live under the sea… like her.”
Evelyn was pointing directly at the mermaid on the billboard, and Anna figured out the rest. The exodus was often mentioned, still, her brow furrowed at the sight of those human eyes and hair.
“Odd,” Anna said. “She has hair like me?”
“The truth would have netted fewer clients,” Evelyn said. “That’s an artist’s rendition of a lie.”
Despite the disconnect, it reminded her how those with tails never failed to pass up a chance to brag about their ancestors’ superior adaptation.
“Highborn,” Anna said with a hint of disdain.
“Heh. Ironic,” Evelyn said.
“Ironic?” Anna asked since all her life she wished for nothing else.
“Something that differs greatly from the meaning,” Evelyn replied.
“Wh—” Anna said. “Why ironic?”
“Oh!” Evelyn exclaimed. “They are more fish than human.”
Anna struggled to think of a reason why that was a problem. That made them better suited for their environment, and what remained of the surface was hardly welcoming.
“So?” Anna pressed.
“Have you ever been in a situation where a highborn stopped behaving normally?” Evelyn asked. Before the other could answer, she added, “Like the person you knew is gone and replaced by some sort of predatory animal?”
“Yes—how,” Anna said, immediately conjuring up memories of Ulia’s behaviour outside the silo.
“Ever heard people talk about how it’s getting worse?” Evelyn asked.
Come to think of it, Essa had mentioned that this behaviour was a growing concern for the community. Although, Anna believed that it was worse with the younglings going to school now. People often said such things, specifically, that the newest generation was always inferior to those before. However, no one ever mentioned that the problem was focused on the most fortunate in the village. How would she know?
“Yes…” Anna replied.
Evelyn raised her hand to stop Anna from adding anything more. She even cleared her throat to steal a moment while she came up with the right words.
“You have to realise that people were desperate, and that a solution meant taking shortcuts,” Evelyn said. “Some scientists tried to warn us that radical surgery, genetic manipulation, and nanotechnology would introduce unintended consequences.”
“Younglings?” Anna asked.
“Every generation strengthens those traits,” Evelyn said. “Although I expect that crossbreeding with humans helped slow the process.”
“End up as?” Anna asked.
Evelyn’s eyes rolled up at the sky as though the answer was there. When her green eyes locked onto Anna’s brown ones, the answer was formed in her mind.
“It was all theory,” Evelyn said. “However, a few believed that the highborns would eventually end up becoming a plentiful supply of fish.”
“Why?” Anna asked.
“I have no idea, ma chère,” Evelyn said. “The actual scientific papers are still well beyond my level of understanding. On a related matter… ask me about Georgians some time…”
Evelyn slipped the hood back over her head and headed off towards their objective. Anna looked back at the billboard, shocked that such a bombshell had just been dropped. However, Evelyn gaining distance brought her back to reality, and these unscheduled stops only hindered progress.

CHAPTER 12
A SHOT ACROSS THE BOW
  
Shortly after leaving the billboard behind, they crossed paths with an ancient symbol of faith. Anna had seen a few such symbols amongst the ruins of churches and cathedrals or draped on the neck of a few of the remaining elders. She found it odd that Evelyn would not even gaze upon this symbol, one that looked like a lowercase T. Why is she afraid to look at it? Why?
Anna was curious how the metal lattice structure managed to survive this long. From this distance, she made out rows of bulbs which would have set this artefact aglow… well… given electricity. I would have loved to have seen it shine in the night sky.
How unfortunate that she had somewhere to be and that her guide made Ulia look like a lollygagger. This world was so familiar and yet not. The lack of surface water, dead vegetation, and the absence of life brought a word to the forefront of her mind.
“Graveyard,” Anna whispered.
“Pardon?” Evelyn asked while walking backwards to face the mermaid.
Again, Anna was caught off guard by Evelyn’s ability to catch the faintest whisper, even from a distance. She supposed the lack of wind and animal life helped. Then again, if that were true, why were their soft-soled boots echoing out into the distance. That has to count for something?
“No life,” Anna said. “Only death.”
“You don’t know the half of it,” Evelyn said with a wink. “The fog made life here unsupportable.”
“So, who… took—” Anna asked with the cross at their backs.
Just ahead, there were more ruined buildings. However, the devastation here appeared to be worse than previously observed. Why would that be?
“Typically, ghouls or some sort of hybrid,” Evelyn replied. “They feed on the dead.”
The idea of having such creatures roaming the land made sense… until she factored in the passage of time. How would such creatures survive without more dead to sustain them?
“What do they eat?” Anna asked, but immediately regretted uttering those words.
“I’m not sure,” Evelyn said. “They were rumours… the stuff of nightmares…”
Such rumours spread like wildfire throughout conspiracy theory sites for decades prior to the fall, whispers that ghouls had been bred with humans to create hybrids. The pairing made for smarter ghouls, ones that blended in and were far more aggressive.
Nearer to the end it was rumoured that ghouls captured women and were using them as livestock. That explained their interests in fishing these waters for reasons other than bagging themselves a mermaid. They are desperate for food.
Either way, neither pushed the topic beyond the basics and exited the charred remains of a wooded park area. They had been surrounded by the skeletal remains of trees as they traversed the ash covered ground. Everything they passed was either black from soot and smoke or white from the intense heat. Even brick and concrete failed to weather the event. Whatever happened, it must have been bad.
Still, they moved on in silence as Evelyn was focused on a path beaten into the rubble. Despite the expression, sometimes it paid dividends to use the road most travelled. If only I knew where we were going.
Despite any misgivings, Anna had no choice but to continue. Evelyn knew the way, and as with most of their conversations, the mermaid did not get most of what was discussed. So why not take a break? Silence saves me the trouble of getting confused.
The reasons for all this devastation appeared on the horizon, even if Anna had yet to link the cause to the effect. The sight of the dark steel hull initially confused her since they littered the seafloor. This one must have been massive, as judged by the size of the twin propellers. Even on its side, the whole thing easily dwarfed the neighbouring buildings.
“Ship?” Anna asked to confirm what she saw since she suspected that the water was a ways away.
“Yes, it is,” Evelyn said. “Sank back in my day, and she was laden with oil.”
So, this ship had been a tanker. Anna had learned as a youngling to steer clear of wrecks with bubbling black ooze. Most ships had such hot spots, namely around the engine room. However, this thing was pretty much one big source of ooze.
“Bad?” Anna asked.
“It was,” Evelyn confirmed. “Came in on a storm surge that dragged it over this neighbourhood. I think that some of the rubble tore her open.”
Anna had seen such damage around other wrecks. Some had run aground and were stuck to this day, ships tearing themselves apart with every passing tide. Every time she passed by the wreck, the damage was noticeably worse. So why are there scorch marks?
“What caused… fire?” Anna asked.
“Not sure,” Evelyn said. “I do know that it deformed the hull and tore her in half. Which is why I knew the caravan would pass through here.”
So, the plan was to follow whoever took Ulia down the same path. While Evelyn was not worried, Anna questioned how vulnerable they were. I’m not exactly in my element here.
“It should be fine,” Evelyn said. “No one lingers since oxygen levels are low.”
“So?” Anna asked.
“Well, if your rebreather stopped working,” Evelyn said, pausing briefly, “You’d lose consciousness in a matter of minutes and die shortly after.”
“Likely?” Anna asked, and despite the mask distorting her speech, her voice came out an octave higher.
“Not with that model,” Evelyn said. “Besides, I brought some air bottles with me.”
They hung a left on a path that ran parallel to the ship’s hull. From this vantage point, the keel looked to be an impenetrable wall. All around them the ground was scorched white from the inferno or covered in a white powder caused by the hull pulverising concrete and brick.
By some miracle, a few of the buildings had somehow been spared. This was something that Anna would never truly grasp. Evelyn paid particular attention to these, scanning every visible detail. Well, that’s not exactly helping with my level of anxiety there.
Like Evelyn said, a gap eventually appeared in the hull, one with jagged edges blown out similar to the crooked bridge. Evelyn stopped her advance and slid behind the remnants of a wall. Despite not seeing any threats, Anna did the same. Why stand out like a sore fin?
“Shit!” Evelyn swore.
“You need to—” Anna asked.
Evelyn stopped cold, turned to face Anna and smiled. She then kissed Anna’s hand in appreciation of the unintended levity. All the while, Anna was completely lost about what just happened.
“Thanks,” Evelyn said. “I needed that… no… there are sentries up ahead.”
It worried Anna that anyone would remain behind to monitor traffic. She assumed that posting sentries in any oxygen deficient environment was never a decision taken lightly. However, the plural of that word also meant there were at least two. Wait! What are they worried about?
“They have a generator going,” Evelyn said.
It was funny that Evelyn sensed things she could not. Sure, the woman had grown up on the surface, but one would think her own senses would latch on to these sounds for being entirely new.
She watched Evelyn remove her pack and take out two cylinders joined in the middle, a fusion of glass and plastic. The woman then placed the narrow ends against her eyes and peeped through a gap in the wall.
“Whoa. Those bastards are ugly and hairy” Evelyn said. “Likely descended from werewolves.”
“Wh—” Anna said.
“A creature of myth that transforms into a hairy quadruped during a full-moon,” Evelyn replied.
“Dangerous?” Anna asked, and despite having no way to reference what quadruped meant, felt this was the most relevant question to ask.
The sweat building up on Evelyn’s upper lip was enough of an answer. Still, Anna could see in those eyes that some sort of plan had been hatched.
“When transformed, they are unimaginably lethal,” Evelyn said. “In this form…”
“In this form?” Anna asked.
“They are a problem for me,” Evelyn said. “I think you’ll do fine.”
“How?” Anna asked.
“They would recognise my scent,” Evelyn said. “You are something new to them, so they won’t associate you with… humans.”
“Plan?” Anna asked.
Anna swallowed hard, feeling discomfort because her dry throat resisted the attempt. She cringed before making an effort to keep her breathing under control.
“You’ll need to go the rest of the way on your own. Just head for that opening in the hull,” Evelyn said. “If they question you, act annoyed and say that Bree is waiting for you.”
“Bwee?” Anna asked, unaccustomed to rolling her Rs.
“B-rrrr-ee,” Evelyn repeated, focusing on the missing sound while Anna attempted to mimic. “If I’m right, that’s the one calling the shots.”
“Dangerous?” Anna asked.
“Ma chère,” Evelyn said with a giggle, “Everything up here is, and no one can be trusted.”
Anna nodded and found that her legs were firmly anchored to the ground. Evelyn reached out with her dominant hand and placed it softly against Anna’s shoulder. While the mermaid calmed down, the woman reached down and disengaged the safety catch.
“Safety is off, and you have a chambered round,” Evelyn said. “If they approach you, warn them to stop. If they ignore you, take aim at their feet and pull the trigger.”
Now that would certainly get the message across, the equivalent of firing a shot across their bow. Still, how would that prevent them from coming after her?
“Make sure you pump the weapon for a fresh round,” Evelyn said. “Trust me. Working firearms are very rare, ammunition doubly so. Once they realise you have both, they’ll give you… plenty of sea room.”
Anna smiled at Evelyn’s expression and understood it perfectly. She appreciated the attempt, but felt a twinge of guilt at not being able to repay the favour.
Evelyn stowed away the binoculars and shouldered her pack before adding, “Be prepared to fire another shot and never turn your back on them. Once inside the hull, they will leave you alone. Any questions?”
“Lots,” Anna said.
Evelyn giggled and leaned in to kiss Anna on an exposed portion of her neck. While those lips were cool to the touch, and the contact was brief, it nevertheless helped Anna focus.
“You got this,” Evelyn said. “Now, I need to double back.”
“See you later?” Anna asked.
“Soon,” Evelyn replied with a warm smile, and in the blink of an eye, she was gone.
  
“You bitch!” A sentry yelled while rolling around on the ground, using their hands to protect their bloodied crotch.
Anna’s shoulder was a bit sore, but neither were advancing on her. It was a shame that her warning shot actually hit something, but they now knew better than to fuck with her. Now I have a better understanding of where to aim.
Despite there being one man down and the other kneeling down to assist, Anna kept her weapon trained on them. She circled around and walked past the massive opening torn out of the hull. She was tempted to examine the devastation, but Evelyn’s direction rushed back to mind.
“She was right…” Anna said after disappearing inside the hull. “…they are hairy.”
These two had bushy beards, visible despite their masks. Their bare arms, hands, and fingers were covered with dark tufts of fur. Even humanoid merfolk did not carry that much extra weight around. How can they walk around without getting snagged on to something?
She lowered her weapon and took several deep breaths. When her heart rate slowed down, Anna listened closely for any sign of pursuit. There was nothing more than screams of agony intermixed with the soothing words of comfort which meant they were staying put.
With that encounter out of the way, Anna let the sling take the weight before changing course. All around, she was greeted by warped steel; this ship had been cleaved in two, but the damage was not linear. Behind and above she saw the fog, but like back at the silo, it remained out of reach.
She looked up to note the general direction of the fissure and followed. Her eyes scanned the metallic debris. Even when surrounded by this devastation, the size was daunting. If not for the ladders and catwalks that wrapped around the tanks, there would have been no way to reference the scale.
In a way, the lack of obstacles made it easier since potential threats had no place to hide. She continued on the path, occasionally looking up and behind to confirm that she was not followed. With every step, a rhythmic knocking sound gained clarity. Is that the generator Evelyn mentioned?
Of course, she still found it hard to believe that she was approaching some sort of oasis, one where the locals were able to maintain technology. Still, thinking about it caused pressure to build up along her forehead. She ignored it, since this was not the time to remove her mask to deal with it.
Anna remembered something, a detail that Evelyn passed on. She ducked behind a piece of fallen catwalk and rummaged through her bag. She quickly found some food, clothes, a bag full of brushes, and tubes.
Acid from the stress collected in her stomach and she forced out a vile burp. Fortunately, the mask quickly cycled the smell away, but the taste lingered in her mouth. What! It’s not there?
Eventually her hands reached the bottom of the bag and felt cardboard. She grabbed it and pulled out a box that had a picture of red shells. Yes!
Anna pulled one out of the box, looked at her weapon, and determined there was only one way they would fit in. She inserted a fresh round, crammed everything back into her pack, and struggled to close it back up again. How did Evelyn manage to cram so much in here?
With that out of the way, she shouldered her bag before reaching the crack through the bulkhead. Unlike the previous entry point, this one led to the adjacent tank.
“Light,” Anna whispered.
There was a ghostly glow originating from the other side. Anna chanced a quick peek, and saw lights everywhere. While the silver light illuminated the settlement, nothing could brighten up that scorched metal. She also noted that the lights blinked intermittently. Is that from people blocking the source?
“People?” Anna wondered, before remembering the map with all those yellow and red dots.
So, what could she do? The situation had not changed; she was armed and Evelyn stated they would meet up again soon. What she did have, was a name that elicited quite a reaction from the sentries. What a shame they ignored my warning… because my shoulder would not be throbbing.
“Ulia needs me,” Anna said, swallowing hard and walking on through the bulkhead.

CHAPTER 13
STONE TO FLESH
  
The details of the settlement built inside the cavernous confines of this ship increased with every step. It soon became obvious that the materials used to build it were not scavenged from the ship itself.
There was brick, stone and wood, all of which varied in colour and style. Anna assumed that, like back home, the required materials were plundered from the neighbourhood. Why would anyone build here?
“Water,” Anna whispered upon realising the single biggest reason.
This place provided cover from the elements, featured a freshwater source, and kept the fog at bay. In a world this hostile, a place like this could give hope to a few weary souls. So, who are these hopefuls?
Anna did her best to appear calm, cool and collected. Meanwhile, fear, uncertainty, and doubt threatened to dominate her every thought. Still, she kept a solid grip on her weapon, openly showing that she was armed and had every intention of using it. Hope that works.
People watched her approach and did not raise the alarm nor make a run for it. To be honest, she expected more of a response, at least more than people congregating together and wondering how the brunette got past their sentries. So far, they appeared to be indifferent… which was the best descriptor that she found yet for this ragtag bunch of… humanoids.
The bulk of them were unnaturally lanky, like that thing she encountered at the dock. However, they varied in both skin and eye colour. The ghoul she had encountered had beady black eyes, or at least before they glowed, whereas many of these were distinctively human. Are the rumours true?
That thought alone made Anna’s skin crawl. She did her best to hide her disgust, but that momentary lapse in demeanour was enough to get noticed. Determined to move on, Anna walked deeper into the oasis while grinding her teeth, or did until something gave her cause to worry.
She caught a couple of them sniffing the air and noticed there was a general sense of confusion. Her weapon, clothes, and rebreather were all indicative of her being human. However, their noses picked up something else: a hint that Anna was something else entirely.
Tired of waiting, Anna came to a halt and rested her finger against the trigger. The rattling the shells made when she stopped caused their eyes to widen. Despite her fears, Anna knew that she was here for a reason, and that it was time to own up to it.
“Here to see Bree,” Anna said.
Whereas the weapon caused the inhabitants to give her some space, invoking that name actually made them gasp. Anna did not know what to make of it all or how Evelyn knew to mention the name for that matter. I really need to get a straight answer… from anyone. Still, since Evelyn is tight lipped, I can assume they are as well.
Her use of that name had sewn discord amongst the citizenry, but that was all cleared up when an ear-piercing whistle resounded throughout the hold. Despite the size of the space, the sound still managed to reverberate. Their reaction was something to behold. After clearing a path, every single one of them fell into an awkward bow. They won’t even look me in the eye anymore.
The path veered towards her starboard quarter. It led to a well-lit three level building, one that featured intact windows, doors, a solid roof, and a boardwalk along the front. The place was constructed using uniform building materials and precise measurements which surprised her. Everything else around was built as though it had been slapped together, creating a hodgepodge of architecture and style. Why does this one look as though it was tailor made?
“Thank… you,” Anna said, correcting the course.
Odd, no one acknowledged what she said. Despite doubt seeping into her conscious mind, there was no turning back now. Either way, she was well beyond the point of no return.
  
Anna remembered being told as a child that they were in Northern waters. For the merfolk, such details meant little to them, nor did the mention of ice flows on the surface. They had to rely on the words of their elders to picture the dangers they posed. Still, no part of this settlement hinted they were capable of dealing with the cold, including the pair of doors up ahead.
This multi-level structure looked to be intact, a relic of an era before the fog. Anna knew this was impossible because they were inside a ship. Again, it forced her to question her senses, as well as to wonder how functional double-hinged doors wound up here.
Anna almost missed it, but a pair of residents had gone on ahead. Did they intend to warn this Bree of the newcomer? Or were they seeking safe harbour from the nasty mermaid with a gun? Hard to tell with this bunch.
After making a brief entrance, they came back through the doors and took up position on either side. Anna did not know if they were armed, but figured they would not welcome her with open arms.
“You are not going in with that,” the right bouncer said.
That one was short and stocky with a face sporting a vestigial snout. Just like the two encountered at the entry point to the ship, this one was pretty much a ball of fur. The big difference? His feet were enormous! Measured from toe to heel, they were longer than his thighs. How can he swim—who cares! I’ll just call him Big Feet.
Anna turned her attention to the tall bouncer. He had dark eyes and quickly averted his gaze. However, she shifted position so that her weapon lined up naturally with him. I’ll call this one, Sharkey.
“No,” Anna said.
Her anxiety forced her to question her course of action, even though Evelyn had gone to great lengths to mention that working firearms were rare. Anna was not about to surrender it to anyone capable of turning it on her. How useful am I to Ulia dead?
“I said—” Big Feet repeated.
“Bree,” Anna said, playing her bluff despite her heart wanting to beat out of her chest.
“She’s not here,” Sharkey said.
Anna did not take the bait and disengaged the safety to up the ante. Neither budged, but their focus shifted to the muzzle of her shotgun. Well, nothing left for me to do other than shoot them…
“Why… fear… in your eyes?” Anna asked while silently cursing her mastery of the language.
“We—” Big Feet said.
“Bree—now,” Anna said and consciously stopped herself from pressing her thumb and forefinger together.
She was greeted by silence, so Anna shifted ever so slightly to get an idea about what was going on behind her. No one had moved, so she was in no immediate danger.
“…go on,” Big Feet said under his breath.
Anna figured that thanking them would play against her bluff. So, she opted for a curt nod and pushed her way straight through the doors. The springs stretched and strained as she passed, slamming shut as soon as she was clear.
This place reminded her of the lounge back at the arc. The ground floor was filled with standing tables that varied in size. Anna initially wondered why their dimensions varied so much, but figured the inhabitants had something to do with it.
Against the wall there was a large counter with an assortment of glasswork and bottles. Just ahead of the bar, there was a row of stools fashioned from wood and polished metal. What is this place? Wait. Why is it empty?
“You like?” A woman asked.
The voice echoed and came at her from multiple angles which confused her, but the approaching steps gave her a point of reference. She turned to face the opposite wall and the attached stairwell. Near the top, partially obscured by the floor above, a pair of legs appeared.
“What is?” Anna asked.
“A saloon,” the woman answered. “Never had the opportunity to enjoy the Wild West when I first arrived.”
Great, another one who likes to talk. Every step revealed more of the speaker. First, came the thick thighs that rubbed against one another as they advanced. That was soon followed by exaggerated hips, which curved sharply into a defined waist. Anna remembered a word that Essa once used… curvaceous.
Anna could not help but stare; no one back home looked like that. The sea was perpetually in motion, requiring constant adjustment just to remain still. Despite the sensual sway of those hips Anna felt nothing more than curiosity.
“It seemed fitting for this locale,” the woman added, disappointed that her words were not eliciting a response.
The curves went wide to account for a generous bust. Every step was causing them to jiggle, which fascinated Anna, because water would have muted such an effect. Although, when breasts were that size, they tended to have a mind of their own.
“This place has a frontier feel to it,” the woman said.
Next came the curly red hair and pale white skin of her neck. Anna did not notice that detail before, because this one was walking with her hands firmly behind her back, a position that pushed out her chest. Why is she so flirty? Wait? Who does she think I am?
Once those soft facial features came into view, Anna’s mind became overborne with questions. She had seen this woman before, of course in versions fashioned from stone. This was the flesh and blood incarnation…
“Wait. You’re not—” the woman said.
“Demon…” Anna whispered.
The woman chuckled and said, “Well, I’ve been called worse. I’m Breanna by the way.”
The blank look in Anna’s eyes was a clue that large chunks of the puzzle were missing. Breanna did not seem to mind. She approached without hesitation, and used the opportunity to look over her unexpected guest.
“Evelyn sent you?” Breanna said.
“Who?” Anna said, and despite all the confusion between her ears, she knew well enough to evade.
“Nice try,” Breanna said. “You smell like her.”
“Smell?” Anna repeated to keep the other talking.
“Vanilla,” Breanna said. “Evelyn loves her perfumes, but all the boutiques have turned to rubble…”
“Vanilla?” Anna asked, in the hopes that Breanna would let something slip.
Breanna opened her mouth to answer, but froze. It was an odd reaction considering that Anna had done nothing to cause it. However, as judged by those pale green eyes, there was nobody home.
Anna used the opportunity to get a better look at the redhead. The black skirt, white form-fitting blouse, and black leather high-heeled shoes were all in excellent shape. Did she dress up just for this meeting?
If it were not for a blinking blue light originating near Breanna’s right ear, Anna would have missed the attached metallic appendage altogether. The device was for the most part, concealed by that mop of red hair, and without more to go on, it was impossible to glean a function.
The blinking slowed down, and Breanna’s eyes returned to normal. Anna wondered if this light was related to the pause, although, it could just as easily have been based on mood.
“Webbed fingers,” Breanna said with a smile.
Evelyn had made an attempt to hide the webbing, but gloves would not fit, and mittens reduced her dexterity, including the ability to handle a weapon.
“Born that… way,” Anna shrugged and pointed a finger at herself.
“How were you…” Breanna said as the light came to life once more.
This time, it blinked wildly for no more than a second, so the overall effect was more subdued. For the moment, Anna’s theory was holding water.
“A fish out of water,” Breanna said before adopting a sadistic smile.
While those soft pink lips curled formed into a smile, there was an odd symmetry to it. This was worsened by those perfect teeth and flawless face. So that’s why the statues made me uneasy.
“Not a fish,” Anna said dryly.
“Where’s your tail?” Breanna asked.
Anna bit her tongue to stop herself from making a snarky comment and simply shook her head. She did not like where this was going. Initially, Breanna had been divulging information freely, but the tides had turned. This was now an interrogation, and Anna doubted the other would be inclined to let her walk out that door.
“Not in the mood to talk?” Breanna asked.
That’s when Anna realised that Breanna’s hands were still concealed behind her back. This was enough of a reason to be suspicious, but when something clicked, Anna raised her weapon. This time, she lined up the bead on Breanna’s cleavage before chancing a quick glance.
The door’s locking mechanism engaged before bars fell into place to prevent escape. Given this development, Anna would not be getting out the way she came from. She cursed, but had no one else to blame for getting caught in this demon’s net.
“Whoa,” Breanna said, while closing the space between them.
“Stop,” Anna said.
“Why?” Breanna asked.
Anna did not care for that question. Feeling emboldened by her shotgun, she pulled the trigger. The weapon came to life and sent out several large pellets towards the white blouse.
This time there came several flashes of light which slowed down the pellets until they were frozen in mid-air. A second or two later, the projectiles dropped and bounced harmlessly on the wooden floor.
If at first one does not succeed… Anna cranked back the hand grip and watched as a spent shell popped out of the side. She fired another time, but it made no difference. However, the proximity created an intense flash which marred her vision with purple marks.
Anna backed away while Breanna continued her advance. They both knew there were limits to where she could go, and the projectiles were ineffective. What’s in her hands?
“You know,” Breanna said, “I’ve never had the opportunity to dissect one of your subspecies… pity you don’t have a tail.”
Anna’s eyes widened as she collided with a table. That brief contact was enough to lose her balance, and she landed straight on her rump. The impact caused pain to shoot up through her tailbone and into her spine. Gravity can fuck right off!
“Ouch,” Anna said and paused mid-motion.
Her fumble caused Breanna to halt her advance. Then, without notice, the redhead looked behind, even though there was no one there. Anna considered making a run for it, but had a better idea. Breanna was expecting Anna to make some sort of desperate move. So that meant she needed to do something unexpected.
“But don’t go searching for a mermaid,” Anna sang something they learned in school.
Anna did not try to sing it like Evelyn would have done. Instead, she sang like they did back home, the low timber, every syllable stretched out with exception of the consonants.
The blue light attached to Breanna’s head blinked wildly. Remembering a piece of Evelyn’s advice, Anna did not hesitate. She engaged the safety, grabbed the barrel and swung the shotgun in a long arc at the redhead’s knees. Alas, that invisible force sapped all of her momentum until it, too, was stuck.
With the wind taken out of her sails, Anna’s shoulders slumped. Given her options, it was improbable that she would make it out of here alive, let alone find Ulia.
“Nice try,” Breanna said after the light faded. She then cackled before saying, “Thank you for the language sam—”
Breanna’s eyes closed, and she moaned in ecstasy as her entire body shuddered. That’s when Anna caught sight of a dark mass attached to the woman’s neck.
“Evelyn!” Anna exclaimed.

CHAPTER 14
THE CAPTAIN’S SPICE
  
Anna watched with a mix of horror and fascination as Breanna was drained. Despite Death drawing near, this was clearly a sensual experience as evidenced by the full-body spasms she experienced with each orgasm. One had to wonder why this reaction differed so much from the ghoul’s death. Should I give these two some privacy?
Breanna eventually slipped into a deep slumber, and relaxed her grip enough to let a small silver cylinder from her hand. The fact that the victim had been hiding it all this time signified that it must have been dangerous. Evelyn kicked it away just in time to watch it expand to the size of a quarterstaff.
“Oh, ma douce déesse,” Evelyn said after disengaging, leaving faint imprints on where the skin was pierced. “Scrumptious.”
“What are you?” Anna asked, undecided on who was the biggest threat.
Evelyn did not answer at first. Instead, she licked the blood from her lips and shivered. Wow! That looks like it tastes a lot better than a piece of codfish.
“Guess I can’t avoid it any longer. Have you ever heard of a vampire?” Evelyn asked.
“No,” Anna replied honestly.
The vampire’s gaze shifted to the solid blue light at the side of Breanna’s head. She dropped her pack and rummaged around for a double-edged blade. When one was found, she looked upon her reflection within the weapon, her gaze focused on those deep green eyes.
“I was human,” Evelyn said. “However, I traded my soul for eternal life… as long as I stay out of the sunlight and sustain myself with a fresh supply of blood.”
Without hesitation, Evelyn planted the blade into Breanna’s scalp and sliced through tissue until she hit a hard surface. She then cut around the object, grabbed it, and tore it away in one swift move.
“Human?” Anna asked while pointing towards Breanna.
Evelyn giggled as the blue light died out entirely. However, Breanna kept on breathing lightly. It appeared that Evelyn had not killed her prey. Why wouldn’t she?
“Looks human, doesn’t she?” Evelyn confirmed.
“Yes,” Anna replied.
“We know them as Georgians, a group that have seeded conflict and war on Earth for centuries,” Evelyn said.
“Not… human?” Anna pressed.
“They are human in appearance only,” Evelyn said. “Their ability to blend in permits them to better wreak havoc. In fact, these devices are relatively new additions.”
“What is it?” Anna asked, refusing to set eyes on the bloodied object attached to a series of pink-hued cabling.
Exhaustion caught up and overwhelmed Anna, especially her legs. Assuming there were more comfortable options, she got off her ass and sat at the bar. Somehow, her legs dangling through the air made her feel more at home. We never should have left…
“It links their minds to machines that contain their species’ collective memories,” Evelyn said.
Evelyn went behind the bar and perused the selection on offer. She stopped at a certain bottle of amber liquid that smelled of cinnamon and fire. The vampire turned around and stared into Anna’s brown eyes.
“What?” Anna asked.
“Take off your mask,” Evelyn said.
“Safe?” Anna asked.
“Was anyone else wearing one in the settlement?” Evelyn confirmed.
“No,” Anna answered.
“Then you’ll be fine,” Evelyn answered with a smile.
While Anna loosened the straps and took in her first breath of fresh air, Evelyn grabbed two tumblers and filled them a quarter of the way. By then, both were smiling, but for different reasons.
A certain word resurfaced in Anna’s mind, one that led her to ask, “Collective memory?”
A collective implied many, and there was strength in numbers. So how can there be a collective of one?
Evelyn nodded, “I’ve killed this one… thirteen—no fourteen times now.”
While that statement sunk in, Evelyn lifted her glass and motioned for Anna to do the same. The veil of confusion eventually lifted from the mermaid’s eyes, and she followed her guide’s lead.
The amber fluid in the glass left a shimmer on the bar’s countertop, which reminded her of looking up to the surface. Before tears welled up, she closed her eyes and pictured Ulia. We’ll reminisce once I find you.
“To absent friends…” Evelyn said while making a toast.
In a moment of clarity, Anna realised that bottles confined liquids. Back at the village, some kept old bottles in their homes as decorations, to remind them of a time past, but did not know what they had been used for.
“Wow,” Anna said.
Born in a world surrounded by fluid, it was mind boggling to see how humans tamed small portions of it. It could even be carried with—
When Anna caught sight of Evelyn holding that glass, she mimicked the motion precisely and brought it to her lips just as the vampire had. The odour burned her nostrils, which nearly made her cough, but she fought back the urge. When they slammed back the drink, Anna’s tongue was set aflame.
Her eyes grew several times their normal size, and she teared up profusely as the urge to spit back this molten brimstone grew. Somehow, she managed to swallow, banishing the contents to her stomach.
Before the warmth enveloped her, Anna’s throat rose in opposition. She coughed, long and hard, as though there was not enough air in the room.
“…and the demons who haunt us still,” Evelyn finished with a smile.
Evelyn giggled at the reaction, and reached back behind the bar. She popped the cork on the bottle and gave it a sniff before tasting the colourless liquid. After a shrug, she filled another two glasses full to the brim.
When Anna’s coughing waned, Evelyn said, “Those native to this land once called it firewater. Although, rum has a nicer ring to it.”
“H-H-H-How,” Anna managed to say while struggling to breathe.
“That was the drink of choice for sailors and is often mentioned in sea shanties, even those that mention sirens or mermaids,” Evelyn said.
“So?” Anna asked, wanting to understand why she had been subjected to this delicacy.
“That was my first alcoholic drink in a century,” Evelyn said. “It’s considered poor form to drink alone… now drink up, that’s fresh water.”
She did not need to be told twice. She grabbed the first tumbler, swallowed the contents in one gulp, and did the same for the second glass. Eventually, she eyed the bottle and went directly for the source.
Halfway through she paused, unleashing a great big belch that echoed throughout the room. With more space in her stomach, Anna polished off the bottle. Sure, it was greedy, but she still had a supply with her.
When the last drop fell onto her tongue, she realised that this had been part of a diversion. It’s easier to hold onto an eel with my bare hands than it is to get Evelyn to answer questions.
“Fourteen?” Anna asked before letting off another burp.
“Oui, not including the original,” Evelyn answered.
“Daughters?” Anna asked to confirm that she had not ventured into some long-standing family feud.
“Clones,” Evelyn said, but the look in her eyes hinted that this line of questioning had stirred up emotional baggage.
“Clones?” Anna asked.
“Copies,” Evelyn said. “Genetic duplicates.”
“How?” Anna asked.
“Where was Breanna when you arrived?” Evelyn urged.
Anna suddenly realised that this meeting had not been by chance. Evelyn would not have risked life and limb to get here without a reason. I was the distraction…
“She was upstairs,” Anna said. “Watched her… walk down the… bumps.”
“Stairs,” Evelyn corrected before giggling. “That’s cute.”
“Well,” Evelyn continued, “sooner or later, we are going to end up with someone knocking at the door. So, let’s see if we can find where Breanna was hiding?”
“Sure,” Anna said with a wink.
  
“You know,” Evelyn said as they climbed up the stairs, keeping the comatose Breanna propped up between the two of them, “I came from upstairs and didn’t see anything.”
Anna’s eyes scanned the second deck. Unlike the one below, it was mostly closed off and featured a long hallway followed by rows of doors on both sides. Great, more hallways and doors.
Unlike the arc, the doors here were open, and that gave them a view of the inside. The beds were in good shape as was the furniture, and it featured a small washbasin that would surely come in handy. Anna realised they had not come across any heads or wash places.
When they reached the end of the hall, Anna noticed that one window was wide open. While that certainly explained how Evelyn got in, it did nothing to help them find what they were looking for. Come to think of it, what was Breanna doing here?
Every room was immaculate, as though they were purely decorative. Other than try to make a dramatic entrance, why would she be up here? She did manage that part.
“See anything?” Evelyn asked.
“What do you mean?” Anna asked.
Evelyn pecked Anna on the cheek and said, “Wonderful! Your speech has really improved.”
Despite the cold kiss, Anna felt her cheeks warm up. Evelyn furrowed her brow and went as far as to check every room individually. By the second room, that smile of hers was gone, and by the tenth, there was a scowl.
“Merde!” Evelyn swore. “Where is it?”
“Where is what?” Anna asked.
Evelyn glared at Anna, an icy stare that made her uncomfortable. The mermaid, by far, preferred the giggles and smiles, making it easier to ignore the monster within when it was concealed by a bubbly exterior. Now Anna worried that she would share the same fate as that redhead.
“Oh! Sorry,” Evelyn said before the smile returned, easing the tension. “Breanna’s kind spend their time in a safe room. These places are hidden from plain sight, but I don’t see where this one might be.”
“Magic?” Anna asked.
“From our point of view?” Evelyn confirmed. “It may as well be.”
So, find a room that is hidden by illusion and magic. That was sure to be a snap, assuming those waiting outside did not barge in to find out what happened to Bree. Still, she had an idea and it involved using her feet. One of the few times that I’m thankful for having them.
Anna returned downstairs and counted her steps from the base of the stairs to the three opposing walls. She repeated the process on the second level, and surprisingly, got the same results. That meant the floor space matched, although anything magical might still fool her.
The room downstairs was wide open, so she doubted the safe room was on that level. Too many people would be able to see Breanna going in and out of there. To get a bit of privacy, Breanna would have hidden the entrance within one of the…
“Rooms!” Anna yelled.
“I checked all the rooms,” Evelyn replied.
“Checked up?” Anna asked.
The act of looking up was not natural for humans and, by extension, merfolk. The younglings were especially prone to forgetting, which invited trouble for those freely travelling through three dimensions. It turned out that tides and predators were their two biggest threats from above. Highborns were especially worried about the former, because they lacked lungs.
“…no?” Evelyn replied.
They left Breanna napping on the floor and searched the rooms together. They searched high and low just in case, and when they reached the ninth room, they noticed a seam at the edge of the ceiling. That detail was easy to miss, especially if someone was rushed… or frustrated.
“Now what?” Anna asked.
“You’ll see,” Evelyn said, disappearing from sight.
Before Anna could blink, she felt a breeze and found Evelyn holding Breanna upright near the mirror. With a free hand, Evelyn pried open one of the redhead’s eyelids to expose the eye.
There was a quick flash of light, one focused on the iris, and a click followed. They looked up as the ceiling shifted out of the way before a ladder dropped down.
“After me,” Evelyn said and climbed up into a world glistening in white light.
  
Anna’s head popped up from below, and she was forced to squint. Everything in this room was white with no variations to be found. Given the bright lights, it all glowed… like that spotlight in the water.
When she caught sight of Evelyn sporting a pair of shades. Anna fumbled through her pockets, and while she nearly fell back down during the attempt, she did find a pair. Without hesitation, the mermaid put them on which made it easier to see.
Now she only had to deal with a snagged mask. To compensate, Anna went down a rung, ensured the mask came loose and slung it over her shoulder to prevent a recurrence. Now she was free to step into the room.
“Don’t touch anything,” Evelyn said, “Or you’ll trigger the building’s defences.”
Anna was not sure what that meant, but the magic displayed earlier was reason enough to heed the warning. So, she made her way towards Evelyn who was seated at an angled table. Only when she was directly behind her did she make out pictures and iconography. Again, may as well be magic.
“Are you familiar with the word hubris?” Evelyn asked.
“No,” Anna admitted and felt no shame in doing so.
“Excessive pride or self-confidence,” Evelyn said. “A trait often associated with humans and vampires. However, Georgians are no slouches either.”
“How?” Anna asked.
Evelyn turned to face the mermaid and cocked her head to the side. Perhaps it was the question or it was the phrasing that deserved such a response. Still, the vampire returned her focus to the display.
“When I first gained access to such a place, no one knew how to interact with their technology,” Evelyn said. “A decade or so before society fell, we noticed similar tech coming out of factories in what was then known as China.”
“Hina?” Anna confirmed, since the name was similar.
Evelyn giggled, “Oh yes. You don’t typically pronounce the hard sounds. Yes, Hina.”
Anna never considered that certain names had lost a letter or two over the generations. That certainly explained why she had trouble following Evelyn’s dialogue. It turned out that additional sounds added depth to the language.
“By that point, they were certain they had won,” Evelyn said. “So, they had collaborators manufacture replacement components and parts. We used that opportunity to familiarise ourselves with their technology.”
“Won?” Anna asked. “They caused the waters to rise?”
Evelyn nodded, as her fingers flowed over the interface without hesitation. While they may have introduced such technology to humans, it was safe to assume that other elements had been withheld.
“I think they created the fog,” Evelyn said. “They seek to destroy all life on the surface. Easier to prepare for occupation that way.”
“We helped?” Anna asked.
“Some did…” Evelyn said. “Merde.”
“What?” Anna asked.
“Your friend did pass through here,” Evelyn said. “Breanna did some scans of her before they left. These logs indicate they were headed North.”
“She’s alive?” Anna asked, impatient for more information.
“…yes,” Evelyn said. “According to this, they were to rendezvous with a high-speed boat…”
“So?” Anna asked, urging the other to divulge what she knew.
“We won’t be able to intercept them by sea,” Evelyn said while interpreting the information.
“…sale petite pute,” Evelyn said at a near whisper.
“Sorry?” Anna said, since she really wanted to know how they would be able to catch up.
“I’ll have time to explain once…” Evelyn said after a brief pause. “We need to get out of—”
“How—” Anna said.
“No time,” Evelyn said. “Put on your rebreather.”
The display faded into the ether when Evelyn stepped away from the console. Meanwhile, Anna tried her best not to panic while waiting for air to cycle through. Once more, Evelyn held out her hands like she did the first time, all to help Anna cope.
“Okay,” Anna said.
“Touch that panel,” Evelyn said. “Then I want you to get out through the open window and down to the deck as fast as you can. Got that?”
Anna began to open her mouth, but paused instead. She visualised the layout of this building, steadied her breathing, and did as asked. While the interface did not turn on or even flicker, a beeping sound was triggered, one emanating from every part of the room.
“Go!” Evelyn insisted.
Anna did not need to be told twice. She judged the height to be acceptable and ran off the floor. She dropped onto the bed, bounced off, and made a solid landing. The rest was all a blur. She remembered going through the window, grasping rope that stretched out into the sky, and being urged to slide off the roof.
When her feet made solid contact with the hull, she saw a couple of the residents hanging out back. That caused her to hesitate, but Evelyn went on ahead, her fingertips already terminating in talons, used to tear out their throats. Every single one was dead before Anna came close, and none raised the alarm.
If it were not for the visible tear in the ship, she might have asked for directions. Run now, ask questions later!
Fortunately, the rebreather supplied air as fast as she consumed it. Still, her diaphragm was not accustomed to the stress, so a sharp pain built up in her side. Ignore it. No time!
She did not pause when they passed the tear through the hull nor slow down when enveloped by the fog. She ran on, moving down what looked to be a well-beaten path. All the while, the pain became acute.
That’s when Evelyn appeared, overtaking her entirely. The presence of another helped motivate her to keep up. Still, there was only so much abuse her body could take.
“Keep up!” Evelyn yelled, sounding as though all of this was a leisurely swim through a tropical reef.
That got Anna’s blood boiling; she clenched her jaw hard until her teeth strained. While that appeared to help, her mind could only filter out so much pain. Fortunately, Evelyn stopped before fading out of sight.
Anna pushed hard to catch up, fighting through the pain until she was five metres away. Instead of raising her arms in victory, her knees buckled, causing her to trip and subsequently slam into the ground. Her rebreather took the brunt of the impact, knocking the wind out of her. Unable to halt the momentum, Anna’s head hit the ground hard. The last thing she heard was air seeping out from an unknown source.

CHAPTER 15
ON THE EDGE OF TOMORROW
  
Anna struggled to open her eyes, a herculean effort considering the flood of artificial light. Through watering eyes, she made out a lantern overhead, but there was nothing beyond that point. The effect reminded her of the ocean depths where light did not reach. Unfortunately, her chest was moving rhythmically, and that meant she was still on the surface. Aww fuck.
There were peculiar sounds that originated to her left. Anna remained focused on the lantern, so her eyes could adjust and let those sounds sink in. There was a faint hissing. It reminded her of the noise she heard before passing out, except the pitch was higher and more pronounced.
This was followed by a familiar sound. Bubbles travelling through water, and from the sound of it, there were a lot of them. However, the source was unknown. No one pushes air out for that long without turning blue.
Next came an occasional sound of metal coming into contact with metal. It was the unpredictability of these noises that left her somewhat irked.
“There you are,” Evelyn said softly.
The soft musical tones of that voice soothed her mind for a multitude of reasons, the biggest of which was the growing sense of calm she experienced when around Evelyn since that meant she was safe. The vampire had shown herself to be particularly well adapted to this harsh environment, whereas she had shown all the grace of a fish caught in a shark’s bite.
“Where?” Anna replied, reverting back to her native speech patterns.
“Not far from where you passed out,” Evelyn said. “Had to set up an emergency shelter with an independent air supply. That way you could breathe while I fixed up your rebreather.”
So, they were in some sort of shelter? While that explained the overhanging light, it did nothing to account for why there was nothing beyond. Was the shelter built of a light absorbing material? Why?
“Why… dark?” Anna asked.
Surprisingly, those words left Anna drained. Then again, after all that exertion and that nasty fall, one had to expect that there would be a price to pay. So why am I comfortably numb?
“It’s night,” Evelyn said softly. “It comes early this time of year.”
“Night?” Anna asked, the word taking forever to come out.
“When the sun is on the other side of the planet,” Evelyn said. “You can barely see anything in the day because of the fog, but at night, it’s pitch black.”
Since Anna could not muster the motivation to sit up, she leaned her head to face Evelyn. The vampire was sitting cross-legged on the ground while stirring the contents of an enamelled cup. It was hard to make out any details because the shelter’s clear material obscured her view. That explained why Evelyn was speaking softly; she was on the other side.
Just below there was a blue flame, steady and faint as though the light was swallowed up by the night. There was nothing beyond them, and that further reminded her how insignificant they were when compared to all of existence.
“You… knew?” Anna asked, but was not sure what she was asking.
Evelyn giggled and turned down a dial to choke off the blue flame. Just like that, the world appeared to be much smaller, and Anna felt imprisoned by the night. The mermaid did not know what lurked beyond, but given what she had witnessed, there was much to fret about.
“I can always tell where the sun is,” Evelyn said. “Comes with the territory.”
“Why stay?” Anna said.
“Well… you needed my help,” Evelyn said before standing up with a cup in hand.
She then walked out of view, and that was followed by a tearing sound that made Anna cringe. Next came the sound of a zipper, and once Evelyn was inside, the zipper slid down again.
“Besides… no one ventures out into the night,” Evelyn added, “Especially when travelling alone.”
Anna had to agree, it would be like wandering into a storm with no point of reference, forced to wonder if something was waiting or for some hapless creature to cross their path.
Evelyn knelt beside Anna, placed the cup on her far side. She grabbed one of their packs and used it to prop up Anna into a sitting position. That way, the mermaid could lean back comfortably and partake.
“I gave you something to numb the pain,” Evelyn said. “I suspect that you are thirsty.”
Evelyn grabbed the cup and brought it towards Anna’s lips. The steam rose out from the cup, and filled her senses with a wide range of new aromas. She still lacked the ability to describe them, but there was something familiar… linked to the drink she had earlier.
“Herbal tea with a hint of lemon juice,” Evelyn said. “I also added a dash of cinnamon for a bit of zing.”
Anna pressed her lower lip around the edge of the cup and allowed Evelyn to lean it in. When the hot water came in contact with her lips, she nearly jerked back, but the vampire’s grip prevented any spill.
As the tea reached her tongue, her taste buds were activated in sequence. At first it was bitter, then sweet, and that was followed by a combination of flavours. While the experience of ingesting such drinks was new for her, Anna rather liked it.
She finished off the tea in measured sips. Afterwards Evelyn removed the pack and helped the mermaid back down. Without being prompted, she closed her eyes and promptly fell into a deep slumber. On a whim, Evelyn covered herself and Anna with a metallic blanket and cuddled in for warmth.
  
“Wakey, wakey,” Evelyn said.
It took a moment for Anna to realise that those words originated from beyond the dream realm. When her eyes opened, the first thing she caught was the sight of that smile and those green eyes.
“Eggs and bakey,” Evelyn added.
Anna’s eyes opened as wide as they would go before taking in a deep breath. While her dream had faded away to the depths of her subconscious, she had trouble coming to terms with her current reality. Not surprising that a dream is more welcome than this nightmare.
Evelyn pouted, her lower lip quivering for effect before saying, “I thought you’d appreciate the naval reference.”
“S-Sorry,” Anna replied before stretching out her sore arms and back. “Having trouble waking up.”
“I don’t blame you,” Evelyn said. “This journey has been physically and emotionally draining. Also, that run did you no favours…”
Even her memories were ethereal, hard to focus on, as though they were dreams themselves. Had Evelyn not mentioned that run, the detail would have slipped away. Wow. I must have been in a deep sleep.
“Why were we running?” Anna asked, no longer curious about how such questions surfaced in her murky mind.
“Well,” Evelyn said before adding a pause. “You’ll be able to see why after you get a bite to eat.”
“Eat?” Anna asked. Her tummy gurgled after invoking that word.
Instead of explaining, Evelyn pulled out two metallic bags from a pot of steaming water. She proceeded to leave one at Anna’s side, and placed a fork on top. She did the same for herself and waited for something… or someone. I guess that’s my cue.
Anna sat up and let the metallic blanket slip away. The change in position caused her to wince, a reaction brought on by healing tissue and sore muscles protesting the motion. This should be fun.
The rest was simply a matter of following Evelyn’s lead. She tore the bag from the top, opening it wide enough to have a look, and grabbed the fork, the function of which initially confused her until it dawned on her that it worked like a trident did. Just on a smaller scale.
“Pasta, and a tomato-based meat sauce,” Evelyn said.
Anna looked down and saw soft yellow chunks amongst a lumpy red sauce. The smell was unlike anything she had experienced so far. Not much of a challenge there.
“It’s not exactly home cooking—” Evelyn added.
Hesitation would only worsen her anxiety, so she stabbed at the contents of the bag and pulled out a few pieces, along with sauce that dripped as she held it. The mermaid eyed it warily; the odour did not entice her enough to stimulate her curiosity.
Despite the hesitation, she slid the fork into her mouth before closing her lips around the implement and withdrawing the utensil. Once she chewed her food, the flavours jumped at her, forcing her to cope with this onslaught of stimuli.
“You like?” Evelyn asked after finishing a few bites.
It was the texture that surprised Anna. The pasta was soft and quickly turned to paste, but the meat had a rubbery feel to it, requiring her to chew numerous times to get the same consistency. One way or the other, a single bite was not going to make up her mind.
To avoid answering while chewing, Anna simply shrugged. To further amplify her intent, she raised a lone finger and placed it perpendicularly against her lips.
The second bite did not arouse the same level of anxiety, which was good news. Essa had often talked about cooked food, but there were no natural heat sources near their village. It’s not like we can light a fire.
“Good,” Anna lied after swallowing the contents.
“Is it?” Evelyn said. “This is one of my favourite on-the-go meals.”
“On-the-go?” Anna asked while impaling more food.
“Food that you eat without stopping, a wise choice when travelling the wastes,” Evelyn said.
Those words rang true, at least based on what they came across. Both plant and animal life appeared to be mostly extinct. Wait! This meal can never again be made.
“So, what are these?” Anna asked.
“Rations,” Evelyn said. “Prepared long ago and kept in storage for situations like these.”
“How lo—” Anna asked.
“You don’t want to know, ma chère,” Evelyn replied.
Her response came across as harsh, but the reason was fairly obvious. It’s not like there were farms or factories to produce new ones. Most of what the Essa had spoken of over the years had turned to dust or rubble.
“Okay,” Anna said with a smile.
“Now eat up,” Evelyn said. “We need to make up for lost time.”
Anna looked down at the bag and sighed. Her hunger was waning, but she knew it would be a while before their next meal. Either way, they had to wait for the sun to rise before moving on.
“Won’t be long now,” Evelyn said, guessing what the other was thinking of.
“How—” Anna asked.
“I always know where the sun is,” Evelyn repeated.
At least eating would let her carry on in relative silence. It also left Evelyn with plenty of time to tear down their makeshift camp.
  
Anna stared at the last few bites of food and burped. The worst aspect of forcing down food was having to taste it twice. Still, she had not eaten much since breaching the surface and needed to keep her strength up.
In truth, she suspected that her biggest problem was being unaccustomed to consuming cooked food. So, I may as well get used to the burping…
To give herself a brief reprieve, Anna turned away from the silver bag filled with torment and looked to her left. She expected to see the derelict hull of a ship or some of those burnt-out units that surrounded the site.
“What the…” Anna said before dropping her fork which made a high-pitched clang that resonated within the tent.
“Is everything okay?” Evelyn asked before noticing where Anna was facing. “Oh.”
The hull of the ship was nowhere in sight; in its place there was a circular crater that stretched out into the depths of the fog. It looked like the ship and whatever surrounded it had been scooped out of the ground.
“What did this?” Anna asked.
“The lab’s self-destruct mechanism,” Evelyn said.
Once again, the musical notes were absent. Effectively, that stripped away any hint of emotion or empathy that Anna was desperate to hear.
“Planned?” Anna asked, her voice quivering.
“Of course,” Evelyn said.
“Why?” Anna pushed, and by now, the swirling emotions were making her lightheaded.
Despite Bree trying to kill her, no one else had presented much of a risk. Just a bunch of desperate people eking out a living. They were not much different from my neighbours.
“I give no quarter to the enemy,” Evelyn said. “They have taken everything from me—us and deserve nothing less.”
“They were no different—” Anna tried to say.
“From you?” Evelyn said. “Ma chère, you may not believe it, but you are human.”
Anna did not identify as human, nor get the reference. She was a mermaid, albeit a flawed specimen relegated to the dredges of their society.
Evelyn grabbed the fork and bag, knowing full-well the other was done eating. She then left the tent to finalise cleaning up. That left Anna to stare out into the void in awe of the devastation. How far will she go to save Ulia?
“Put on your rebreather,” Evelyn said softly. “We are wasting daylight.”
The idea of putting on that mask filled her with a sense of dread, so much so, that her lower lip perspired. Still, they needed to make up time, and there would be plenty of time to shed tears when this was all over. I’m coming for you Ulia…
  
Putting on the rebreather turned out to be a worse experience than the last time. The first time involved an element of surprise intermixed with the unknown, while the second was a matter of life and death. This time, the effect of going without air sent streams of tears spilling down her cheeks. She desperately wanted to tear off the mask, but fought through it until the urgency in her lungs faded.
It took several deep breaths for Anna to calm down, but she left the tent on her own terms with her head held up high. The vampire did not wait and lifted a tamper-proof panel before pressing on the recessed button. The mechanism reversed, emptying the compartment of life-giving air until it shrank into a small package that Evelyn picked up with one hand.
Anna lost interest halfway through the process and walked to the edge of the crater. From this vantage point, details of the city’s internal structures were visible, including the thickness of the pavement, sidewalks, and what was buried underneath.
All of this was of interest to her, although she did not know why. There were also the outlines of basements and subterranean structures. Anna was already familiar with those, but this gave her insight into what was normally hidden from view, the fill, drainage, and piping that linked everything together much like the veins that led to her heart.
What surprised her most was the amount of water. Evelyn did mention that this spot had been a source of freshwater. She assumed it had been nothing more than a trickle, just enough for a struggling few to find refuge.
However, the bottom third of the hollow was now filled with water, the contents of which were a muddy brown from all that dirt, but the sediment would eventually settle and clear up. Still, she was looking at a small sea, not a rivulet of one.
“The blast must have exposed the source,” Evelyn said. “This could be a good thing.”
“Oh?” Anna asked.
“Surface water is rare,” Evelyn said. “This could set the conditions for a thriving community.”
Anna chose to overlook the irony of that statement and asked, “How?”
“…I have no clue,” Evelyn replied, turning towards her intended course. “Come! We need to reach our next destination before the sun sets.”

CHAPTER 16
CHARON’S TOLL
  
This portion of the trip turned out to be gruelling for Anna. The bruises on her chest and legs were a constant reminder of that fall. While she never had an opportunity to look, she assumed they were black and blue by now.
Worst of all was the burping. While the after taste was bad enough, it was the smell that made her queasy. It did not take long for Evelyn to notice, but she did not intervene. Instead, they pushed on, heading down this fog-covered path.
After a couple of hours, the sound of waves lapping against the shore brought a smile to Anna’s face. They were near her element, and despite knowing this was an island, it was comforting to hear some confirmation that this was true. It just feels like it goes on forever.
“Since we are near water,” Evelyn said, “You can remove your mask.”
This time Anna did not even question the directive. She slung her weapon, broke the seal, and was richly rewarded by the scent of brine. The presence of salt in the air did much to soothe her soul since it reminded her of home. If only the pain would subside.
“Hungry?” Evelyn asked while holding out an energy bar.
Anna’s eyes spotted the confection and she began to salivate. However, her stomach did not agree.
“It might help settle your stomach,” Evelyn said. “I’m sorry the meal didn’t agree with you.”
“That’s—” Anna said before letting out the mother of all belches, “Okay.”
She grabbed the bar and took a bite while they pushed on. Her tongue thanked her for the sweet distraction, which freed a thought from her tangled mind, permitting it to come to the surface.
“Why can I breathe?” Anna asked.
“The source of the blue light, which we can just barely make out from here, is our primary source of oxygen,” Evelyn said. “So, if we are near the shore, you can breathe without a rebreather… Funny, I explained this to Tess—”
The abrupt pause got Anna’s attention, forcing her to replay those words over and over in her mind. Nothing appeared to be out of place except for a new name, Tess, which was uncommon amongst merfolk. Wait! The hard sound would have been dropped…
“Essa?” Anna asked.
“…you mean Tessa?” Evelyn confirmed, while keeping eyes firmly fixed on the path.
Another wall had cropped up, and Anna was sick of stumbling blindly into them. However, if her hunch was correct, she needed to force the matter.
“You…” Anna began. “You are the green eyed and dark-haired beauty!”
“Oh, there were many such women back in my day,” Evelyn said. “Not to mention blondes, brunettes, and even some purple haired gals.”
This time, Anna was not going to take the bait and veer off course. It was time to get to the bottom of this.
“How long have you known?” Anna asked.
Evelyn stopped walking and sighed. Her chest convulsed when all those pent-up emotions clamoured for an outlet. That marked the moment when Anna understood why Evelyn had been avoiding this particular topic.
“I’ve… suspected… since… since I saw her eyes staring back at me through that mask,” Evelyn said.
Anna desperately wanted to ask why the subject never came up, to lash out at being kept in the dark, but that was obvious. She didn’t want to dwell on her past… and relive the pain of losing her.
“Ess—Tessa wished me good luck before I left,” Anna said, but kept her distance as a precaution.
“What?” Evelyn asked, her crying interrupted long enough to sniffle.
“She’s the town’s eldest member,” Anna said. “One born before the floods came.”
“Tessa… is alive?” Evelyn asked, turning around for the first time to determine if those words were true.
Anna nodded before saying, “She thinks it has something to do with microsco—tiny robots…”
“Nanobots,” Evelyn said. “Well… that perk wasn’t mentioned in the brochure.”
“Broch—” Anna said.
Evelyn covered the distance between them in the blink of an eye and embraced the mermaid. While abrupt, Anna sensed every single muscle in Evelyn’s body relax.
“Thank you,” Evelyn said as she hopped and planted a kiss on Anna’s cheek.
“Why?” Anna asked.
“Tessa was my biggest gamble. I sent her to live under the sea in hopes that she’d survive the apocalypse,” Evelyn said. “Still, I didn’t know if she made it.”
Anna never considered the long-term effects of not knowing the fate of those she cared for. Ulia was still on her mind, but that was only a couple of days, and hopefully they would soon be reunited. Evelyn had lived with all this for over two-hundred cycles. Why did Essa never mention having such doubts? Unless she knew what Evelyn was?
Evelyn broke away and focused on their course. The fog had receded enough to catch a glimpse of a couple of structures, along with a view of the shore.
“Merde,” Evelyn swore. “We are too far North.”
Before those words registered in Anna’s mind, Evelyn broke away. She moved just far enough to make eye contact.
“We have to travel down the shore to the South,” Evelyn said.
“Okay,” Anna said, astounded by Evelyn’s ability to recover.
“Why don’t you tell me about Essa?” Evelyn said before a warm smile crept over her lips.
Anna could not help but return the favour, given how infectious the vampire’s smile turned out to be. She acknowledged and motioned for Evelyn to lead the way.
  
They did not travel for long, when a woeful screech reached out from beyond the fog. Before that sound faded, it was joined by another and another to create a haunting stereophonic echo.
“Ghouls,” Evelyn said. “Sounds like they are pissed off.”
“Bad?” Anna asked, suspecting such news was anything but good.
“Bad enough to force us onto an alternate path,” Evelyn said while scanning the surrounding area to get her bearings.
While Anna heard water lapping against the shore, she was unable to see it. She supposed that breathable air permitted creatures to congregate, and skirting the waterline increased their chances of getting caught.
“Oh good,” Evelyn said and pointed towards a rounded structure that encased a dome of glass.
Anna followed her guide and noticed that the dome was part of a larger brick building. Despite years of neglect, it appeared to be intact which was good news for them.
“Subway station,” Evelyn said. “Trains that travelled underground to various points in the city. Haven’t been here in years, and I suspect the tunnels are flooded.”
“Going to travel under the ground?” Anna asked while thinking of sea caves and the inherent dangers they posed.
“Hopefully,” Evelyn said.
While Anna did not like the sound of that, her curiosity did get the best of her. This place was sombre and quiet, covered in piles of dust and sand built up over time into dunes. Anna noticed that none of this had been disturbed recently since there were no footprints ahead.
They approached a rounded area and followed the wall until they came upon an entrance. A short distance away, there was a rusty escalator which did nothing to inspire confidence. The thick layer of rust crinkled when Evelyn stepped on it. The sound was enough for her to hesitate, and instead of putting all her weight on this contraption, she gave it a solid kick which made the entire mechanism resonate.
“More rust every time,” Evelyn said, before placing both feet on the first step.
Anna was awestruck by the trust Evelyn had for this long-forgot piece of technology. Still, given the options of running into the ghouls or following Evelyn into the bowels of the city, the choice was clear.
Despite venturing deeper underground, the dome and walls made of glass blocks provided enough light to see. After setting foot on the lower level, she noticed there were red tiles scattered everywhere. Time was a harsh mistress, especially when compounded by neglect.
“Every station is different,” Evelyn whispered. “I would sometimes travel the subways just to enjoy the art and… buskers.”
“Buskers?” Anna asked. After realising how far her voice carried, she decided that it was best to whisper.
“Performers, musicians, jugglers, poets and such,” Evelyn said. “That’s an aspect of city life that I really miss.”
They passed by a barred area lined with bare shelves, which led to another latticed gate down an empty hallway. The rust on this barrier was just as bad as the last, but the lock appeared to be brand new. It gleamed in the pale light originating from the surface.
“Figures,” Evelyn said.
The vampire looked around her before grabbing the lock. Her knuckles turned white, which Anna expected, however, the lock’s body deformed until it tore free from the shackle. That… I didn’t see coming.
“There,” Evelyn said while holding onto the shackle. “Here you go.”
Anna was handed what remained of the lock’s body. In the deformed brass, she made out five distinct impressions left by Evelyn’s fingers. Out of curiosity, she attempted to do the same, to dig in, but despite the existing damage, nothing changed.
“How?” Anna asked.
“Girl power,” Evelyn said with a giggle.
They opened the barrier and immediately closed it behind them. To stop from being followed, Evelyn replaced the shackle and pressed the ends together until they were joined.
“Now,” Evelyn said before pulling out a pen-like implement from a pocket, “Let there be light.”
The area ahead was immediately bathed in a white glow that revealed what remained of the turnstiles. While Anna fumbled around for a flashlight of her own, Evelyn walked through a turnstile which resisted the attempt. However, instead of slowing her down, the entire assembly gave way and dropped onto the filthy floor.
“I always hated those,” Evelyn said.
  
They followed another rounded corner and reached the platform. There were large gaps in the cityscape portrayed on the wall as once again, tiles littered the area. Anna paid little heed because the domed architecture was far more interesting.
They were in a long expansive space with elevated platforms that ran along the walls. In this case the word platform was literal, granting people access to the trains without having to climb on board. Even here, neglect was winning the war as evidenced by the stalactites that hung from the top.
Within the city’s depths, the high humidity clung to her skin and left her feeling dirty. Evelyn, on the other hand, did not appear to be bothered, but that was true for most things. That includes a lack of breathable air.
“Great,” Evelyn said. “Nowhere to be found.”
“What?” Anna asked, doubting that the answer was a working train. That would be a miracle.
“Someone lives down here,” Evelyn said. “I was hoping to enlist his help to find the next point. Otherwise, we are going to lose a lot of time stumbling around.”
“How?” Anna asked.
Evelyn closed her eyes and stopped breathing which Anna mimicked. In her world, there were always sounds, but this place was unbelievably quiet. After several heart beats, she picked up an occasional droplet of water breaking free from the stalactites.
Most made a high-pitched sound as they impacted the concrete floor. Every so often, one would produce a lower tone, one that resonated as though something were interfering with the clarity.
“A ripple?” Anna asked.
“Precisely,” Evelyn replied.
“Water?” Anna asked.
“Nearby,” Evelyn answered.
The young women moved further down the platform, their steps creating a deafening echo. Anna wondered why anyone would choose to live here. Desperation is a powerful motivator.
The distance between them grew as Anna was distracted by some of the advertisements left over from before the fall. One featured that same perky breasted mermaid, posing against a spectacular underwater city. Looks like a dream compared to my village.
“Look here,” Evelyn said.
The vampire had stopped a couple of metres ahead. Up until that point everything looked dry, but here the surface just beyond her feet was darker. Wet? Anna followed the straight line to the other platform and realised what was going on.
The water here was so still that it was nearly transparent. There were no waves, just crystal-clear water, and for a mermaid, setting eyes on such a phenomenon was the stuff of legend.
“Wow,” Anna said before taking a couple of steps back to better appreciate the view.
“Careful,” Evelyn said just as Anna tripped on a thin line.
The line went taut on contact and twanged like an out-of-tune guitar. The water came to life and bathed the world in a pale blue light.
“Looks like you rang the bell,” Evelyn said.
Anna watched as the other approached her and brought her hand forward. It was clear that the vampire wanted something. What?
“Hand over your pack and weapon,” Evelyn said. To help the other to understand, she added, “You’ll need to get in the water and call out to him.”
“In the water…” Anna said, making no obvious connection until it dawned on her what Evelyn was talking about.
“Merman?” Anna asked.
“Not as advertised,” Evelyn said with a smirk.
  
Bubbles of air swirled all around Anna, as the vents along her neck opened up. It was a good thing that she remembered to loosen her jumpsuit’s collar. Otherwise, it would have made the transition tricky.
She was surrounded by the familiar blue light, and for an instant, everything was right in the world. She never realised how much she missed being immersed in water. Wow! All that pain is gone!
“Hello,” Anna said, but nothing more than a stream of air bubbles escaped her lips.
With no obvious choice, she took in a deep breath and sent water shooting straight into her lungs. The reaction confused her; her mind registered a growing sense of unease that bordered on panic. However, that waned once her physiology re-adjusted to an aquatic environment.
Remembering that she was underwater, Anna called out, “Help us.”
The sounds she made were lower and held for longer than usual to add a bit of range. Although in this environment there was no way to know for certain, that someone was actually down in these tunnels. How can I be sure of any of this?
Nevertheless, Anna adjusted her ballast to rest comfortably between the rusty rails. The surrounding waters calmed further until that glow faded away.
The word, “safe,” reached her, causing her ears to perk up.
“Yes… loss,” Anna replied.
Anna hoped that the message would come across that someone from their party was missing. Approaching meant significant risk for whomever was listening, and most would not gamble away their lives to find out. Bad enough that Evelyn is up there.
This time, her ears caught, “way,” which was delivered with more clarity. That means they are approaching!
As discussed, Anna stuck her hand out of the water to give Evelyn a thumbs up. Within moments, Anna’s bag broke through the water’s calm surface, and she realised that it was wrapped in a transparent membrane.
Evelyn appeared through that same curtain of bubbles when she jumped in with her pack and the shotgun similarly preserved in clear plastic. When the bubbles dispersed, she handed the weapon over to Anna.
“Thank you,” Anna said.
The vampire smiled and nodded, but made no attempts to speak. However, the intended message came across loud and clear. Can she even speak in water?
Anna never questioned if normal human physiology could manage such a feat. She then thought of her own attempt to speak while her lungs were full of air and wondered if Evelyn had the same problem. Can humans fill their lungs with fluid? Well, at least he can hear us.
They waited there in silence for at least ten minutes. Despite Evelyn not needing to breathe, Anna could tell the vampire was not comfortable in this element. To try and allay her fears, Anna smiled, but to no avail. This is not her realm.
Before she could say anything, the tunnel lit up dead ahead. Evelyn turned off her flashlight, allowing them to make out a dark silhouette swimming their way.
“Legs?” Anna questioned.
Sure enough, the motions were consistent with humanoids. She had to wonder why anyone like her would wish to be down here, presumably, all alone in the depths of this once great city. Unlike most of her queries, an answer came up easily enough. Better to be free in the underworld, than a slave to the highborns.
Before the merman neared, Anna adjusted her buoyancy so she could swim. The motions were familiar and comforting which led her to question how she would ever feel at home on the surface?
The man swam up to them and aligned his body so that he appeared to be upright. That’s when she noticed that he was not wearing a stitch of clothing. Alas, that gave her a magnificent view of his appendage… Did he forget his manners?
From the corner of her eye, she caught Evelyn’s lips morph into a sneer before turning away. Meanwhile, the look on this man’s face showed that he was very surprised to find Evelyn there, clearly this was not their first encounter.
“Anna,” she said.
“Onas,” he replied, keeping his eyes fixed on Evelyn. “What… doing?” Onas added while pointing at the ground below.
“Friend,” Anna replied while pointing at herself.
As judged by his reaction, Anna suspected that this word used in connection with Evelyn confused him. This was a wrinkle in their plans that she would have loved to know about.
“One of,” Onas replied while shaking his head and cycling his index finger between the merfolk present.
“No,” Anna replied to confirm Evelyn was not one of them. “Help… find… sister,” she added while pointing at herself.
To call Ulia her sister simplified matters. Given her earlier assumption about escaping the tyranny of the highborns, she hoped to avoid appearing like one of their dutiful servants.
Onas ran his fingers through his long and scraggly beard, his dark eyes filled with doubt. Somehow, Anna could not help but feel that this all revolved around Evelyn’s presence.
“Need to get to the red cross on the surface,” Anna said to gain some momentum in this conversation.
As judged by his gaping mouth, this request certainly caught him off guard. For his safety, she suspected that he never ventured too far from the water. Anna needed to tread carefully here. Otherwise, too much pressure might drive him away.
“Bad place,” Onas said, shaking his head.
“Need to save sister,” Anna pleaded.
Onas shook his head and replied, “There.”
That implied that he knew Ulia would not be there. However, that was not their reason for going. Would have been nice if Evelyn mentioned why we were going.
“Why?” Onas asked.
“Something there we need,” Anna said before pointing towards Evelyn. She realised she was speaking more like Essa would.
Evelyn had yet to make a sound and kept her eyes fixed on Anna. Whatever history these two had, it was bad enough that Evelyn would not even look the merman in the eyes. She came here as a last resort.
“Trust?” Onas asked.
“Yes,” Anna replied with a firm nod.
“Why?” Onas asked.
Anna was beginning to see how simply asking why for every question might drive someone mad. In a world where the spoken language contained rich detail and nuance, a single word uttered like that was about as subtle as fishing for minnow with a torpedo.
“Help me get this far,” Anna said.
Those words caused Onas to quirk a brow. Without context, how would anyone be able to understand what they went through to get there? In fact, he was so unimpressed, that he turned his back to them.
“Saved my family’s elder,” Anna added in haste.
That was enough to give the man pause. Anna knew that the tides could go either way from here.
“Without…” Anna said while pointing at Evelyn. “None… alive.”
Onas’ shoulders slumped as though surrendering to his conscience despite his instincts urging him to bolt. The merman turned around and looked right at Evelyn.
“Why?” Onas said and pointed a finger straight at her.
Evelyn relented and looked at Onas. There was a familiarity between them that Anna could not fathom. I better get the truth after this.
“Love,” Evelyn said through a wall of bubbles.
While not eloquent nor clear due to distortion, the message reached him. Both of them waited for an answer, hoping for his help.
“Give,” Onas said while pointing at the weapon.
Anna was about to shake her head to oppose the exchange, but Evelyn placed a hand on her shoulder and nodded. Given the assurance, Anna unslung the weapon and surrendered it.
Without delay, Onas moved within range and grabbed the weapon. Just as quickly, he turned about and swam down the dark tunnel. Once there was distance between them, the women followed.
“Keep up,” Onas said over his shoulder.

CHAPTER 17
ALCOHOL AND WINGS
  
It was pitch black in the tunnel at first, but that changed when they neared the end of an elongated turn. Here, Anna noticed a dull orange glow followed by a forest of glowing plants. She assumed these were deliberately placed here, but based on the diversity of sea life, these tunnels were ideal for them.
Alas that also gave her a better view of Onas, which was a rare sight indeed for someone from her village. This merman was clearly not ashamed of his nudity. Given the occasional glance he sent her way, he rather liked what he saw, even though she was dressed in a jumpsuit.
Still, his rudder did nothing to help him manoeuvre. Which led her to wonder if larger models would do the trick? Quit thinking about it!
Occasionally, Onas slowed to a dead stop and waited for the girls to catch up. While Anna was an experienced swimmer, all the weight from her gear slowed her down. So much so that when she came across a pocket of air surrounded by blue light, she filled her lungs just to gain buoyancy.
However, the real reason for these delays was Evelyn. She lacked webbed appendages and was unaccustomed to swimming. Despite the effort required, Evelyn kept moving and hoped that one of her companions would always be in sight.
“Met before?” Anna asked while pointing at Evelyn who was over one-hundred metres behind.
“Yes,” Onas said before spreading his hands far apart. “Times.”
That only confirmed what Anna suspected, but it did not explain their earlier behaviour. The vampire had been downright hostile and the reasons eluded her.
“Always mean?” Anna asked.
“Until,” Onas said while moving his thumb and forefinger a couple of centimetres apart to indicate a short duration. “No.”
“Why?” Anna asked. Despite her desire to quit asking questions in that way, Evelyn was fast approaching.
Onas’ head jerked back in surprise that such a question came up. In turn, Anna tilted her head to the side, confused, since that response did not answer her query.
Onas pointed towards flowed before saying, “No… have.”
His eyes then disengaged from hers and flowed down to her breasts. To reinforce the notion, he shaped his hands into cups before placing them against his chest.
“Wha—” Anna said taken aback. How did I miss that?
Alas, Evelyn was too close to delve into the subject further. She formulated the theory that Onas had made advances which muddied the waters. Well, that explains the looks I got back at the arc.
The rest of the trip went on without concern. Anna even took the opportunity to grab a few mussels along the way. The familiar food settled her stomach, but given the need to return to the surface, she could not keep a bunch for later.
Anna also came to understand why Evelyn had no wish to swim through these tunnels without an experienced guide. While the rails were easy to follow, they sometimes splintered off into alternate paths. There were also service tunnels, ventilation trunks, and decommissioned lines which could easily throw a neophyte off course.
However, Onas was intimately familiar with the layout. In fact, he only looked around once, and that was to confirm there was a faded symbol of a red cross next to a rusted-out ladder.
This time, Evelyn was the first to go. Before breaking the surface, she stopped and looked over to Onas.
“Merci,” Evelyn said, speaking in a way that merfolk would expect.
Onas cocked a brow in surprise and nodded. Before Anna had the chance to thank him, he disappeared into a nearby service tunnel. That’s odd.
  
The girls ended up in the basement of some dilapidated building. The absence of water forced her to empty out her lungs, which proved to be just as unpleasant an experience as her first time. This time, she had company, given that Evelyn was forced to do the same, which oddly enough, helped.
Anna wanted to put on her rebreather, but Evelyn shook her head. That confused her, until she realised there was a faint electrical hum. The machinery in this place was generating a breathable atmosphere.
“One of the major achievements humans made before heading for the stars were micro-reactors. Self-contained, compact, and zero maintenance,” Evelyn said. “Places like this were fitted with one to maintain stable power in case of a blackout.”
“Why did Onas say this place was dangerous?” Anna asked.
Evelyn winked before peeling off the waterproof membranes from their gear. She then tossed the material into a corner and turned on a flashlight, focusing the beam of light on the door ahead.
Above the wooden frame, Anna caught a glimpse of a fishing line. She followed the line along the edge to a series of pulleys which ended at a metal ball with a flat top attached and a circular ring that was under tension.
“I laid traps everywhere,” Evelyn said while pointing out some faded black stains before adding, “These are an effective deterrent to ward off unwanted guests.”
“Why here?” Anna asked.
“You’ll see,” Evelyn said before cutting the cord to the grenade.
Once the pin hung loosely, Evelyn unlocked the door and walked on through. Given that the place was apparently littered with traps, Anna decided to stay close and pay attention. Don’t want to run into an armed trap.
The path to their left was strewn with rubble. Through a crack, she made out what appeared to be stairs, and noted that the devastation extended to the floor above.
“Before the city fell, this facility was a key battleground,” Evelyn said. “There were rumours of illegal research going on, which turned out to be true. However, every nation was doing that type of research near the end.”
Without fully understanding the history that surrounded these events, Anna simply listened. While certain that Evelyn was passing on important information, history was never a priority for her kind. How could it be when they had to fight every day just to wake up the next?
“Certain areas of the hospital suffered heavy structural damage in the conflict. Time also played its part, and I nudged things along,” Evelyn said while pointing at the rubble in the stairwell.
They took a right and hugged the left wall. Evelyn was back in her element and could safely navigate through this treacherous land. Anna spotted an occasional trap, but rarely discerned its function, and since they had somewhere to be, her guide did not volunteer any details.
Any traps that were not easily sidestepped were disarmed before moving on. This surprised Anna, considering the effort it took to place them. Why disable them outright?
After dudding another five traps, each more elaborate than the next, they came across a heavy steel door. This one came fitted with several locks, securing the door at three points. As judged by the scratch marks, something had lived long enough to attempt breaching this door.
Anna expected Evelyn to disable a trap nearby, but there was none. That got her thinking that the hallway stretched on farther than the light of her flashlight could reach.
“That leads to a surface entrance,” Evelyn said. “Occasionally, a few make it this far. Although, I can’t figure out why they don’t get the hint after setting off a mine… or two.”
As Evelyn cracked open the door, a high-pitched whine shattered the calm. While the sound was annoying, Anna managed to ignore it. However, Evelyn did not linger and ran straight inside.
This was the third time the vampire disappeared from sight. This instance was accompanied by a series of clicks, which immediately silenced the whine.
“All clear,” Evelyn said.
Anna walked inside and found herself standing in an expansive room. The ceiling was at least three times higher than the door she walked through and featured a bunch of white steel rails supporting the structure. Why does this place look so new?
Evelyn was on the far-end of the room near a panel. With few exceptions, the switches led to small bricks bundled together and wrapped with yellow rope. Knowing Evelyn’s penchant for traps, she assumed that those who breached the door would not celebrate long.
“I planted enough explosives here to level the building,” Evelyn said.
All along the walls, there were workbenches. Many featured an assortment of tools and equipment, very much like the ones she came across back at the arc. Other workspaces contained gear she had never seen before, like glass containers and tubing of varying sizes.
There were several distinct scents wafting through the air. A chemical smell similar to the arc, another smell which burned her nostrils just like the firewater did, and another that evoked imagery of death and decay. How the latter came to be, Anna did not know, but the scent reminded her of biting into a rotting fish.
There was something big in the middle of the bay, large and covered in a canvas tarp, which made the shape and function impossible to discern. No matter, Evelyn would let her know when the time was right.
“Ulia was taken by boat,” Evelyn said. “Boats run the risk of running aground or colliding with an undersea structure.”
That made sense since she had seen such hazards before making landfall. She also doubted anyone could keep track of the constantly changing seascape.
“While travelling over water is slow, it’s less dangerous than travelling over land,” Evelyn added.
Again, this was logical and matched Anna’s own experiences. So why not grab a boat? Like the one that took Ulia?
“They have a couple of days headstart on us,” Evelyn said. “So, we can’t catch up unless we take serious risks which come with dire consequences.”
That statement got Anna’s attention. Whatever she proposed, had to involve a different mode of transportation. However, if it were not over land or water, what was left? Anna could not imagine that travelling underwater would be faster.
“…submarine?” Anna guessed, despite assuming that this was not the answer.
“Non,” Evelyn said with a giggle.
Given that Anna was out of options, Evelyn yanked on the canvas and let it slip off the object it concealed. Anna had come across the wrecks of such things before, but never anything this small or intact.
It had the body of a fish with a tail and fins at the back. Four paddles were attached to the nose, and two canoes to the main body. The most striking detail was the long, smooth-surfaced structure above the body.
“Plane?” Anna guessed when that word popped in her head.
“Very good!” Evelyn said excitedly.
“It works?” Anna questioned.
Anna found it hard to believe anything that old could still defy gravity. Although, she admitted that this plane looked to be in pristine shape. Wait! Who am I to judge?
Evelyn nodded and pointed to a series of vials occupying a large workbench and said, “I distill alcohol for fuel. I’ve also been making my own lubricant, which can be used for cooking. The ingredients for these were grown in the hydroponics lab.”
“Why?” Anna asked, since this was a lot of effort for little obvious gain.
“My sire—partner believed in having several escape plans,” Evelyn said. “This gives me a third way to leave this island. And besides, it fends off boredom.”
Over a century alone on an island. Surrounded by a growing list of enemies. Isolated from all she knew and loved. It was surprising that Evelyn had not gone mad.
“So why don’t you get some rest?” Evelyn said. “It will take time to fill the tank and prime the engine… besides, we can’t take off just yet.”
“Is it night?” Anna asked.
“Day,” Evelyn asked. “However, we can only take off at night.”
“Really?” Anna asked, certain that she had been cautioned about travelling at night.
“You’ll see,” Evelyn said with a wink.
Anna was beginning to hate that response.
  
A couple of hours later, Anna heard water lapping against the bay doors. This was the first time since making landfall that she was aware of the tides. Was Evelyn waiting for the tides to roll in?
“Oh good,” Evelyn said after peeking out from behind the engine compartment.
“Get your rebreather on,” Evelyn said. “There probably won’t be much of an atmosphere at altitude.”
Anna grabbed her rebreather and sighed. The dread grew worse every time she put it on. Or was it the result of her already elevated anxiety levels caused by the culmination of all the other unknowns out there? Nevertheless, she put on the mask and toughed it out.
Done with working on the engine, Evelyn grabbed a bunch of empty containers and tossed them in a corner. She then made her way towards a door across from their ingress point. When it sprung open, an electrical hum dominated the environment and permitted Anna to see an array of blinking lights and switches.
Evelyn donned a thick pair of rubber gloves and flipped over the biggest switch. Initially, it resisted the movement, but after letting some sparks fly, she engaged the circuit. Anna noticed that the hum dropped in pitch as the system took on the load.
“Let there be light,” Evelyn said with a cackle.
Every light in the bay came to life, and as judged by some spilling in from under the hallway door, so did the neighbouring areas as well. Anna imagined that this derelict building was lit up like a lighthouse. Someone or something is sure to notice.
Just outside the large bay doors, there came a loud whirring, reminiscent of the sound a ship’s propellers made. Evelyn woke up the entire building.
“We don’t have long,” Evelyn said. “The generator won’t take the load for long before tripping.”
She went ahead of the plane towards a cinderblock wall and slammed on a large green button. The wall just beside her rose from the ground; when the lowest section joined up with the one above, that section began to rise.
Anna looked to find a sea of glowing blue water with the fog out in the background. It was as though it were being pushed—
Her thoughts immediately shifted to some screeching that came from out in the distance. There were a lot more of them this time, and what’s worse, they sounded nearby. Wait? What goes hawooooo?
“Come on!” Evelyn said before appearing in the cockpit.
Without hesitation, Anna followed suit, got on-board, and sat in the remaining seat. There was a series of seat belts attached, so she watched Evelyn strap in and tried to keep up.
“Shit,” Evelyn said. “Stay here.”
The vampire unstrapped herself in a flash and appeared on the edge of the concrete pad looking over the side. She looked down and stomped her feet; obviously something had been missed.
“Merde! Stay where you are,” Evelyn said. “I’ll need to push us into the water.”
“What—” Anna asked but Evelyn was already gone by then.
Anna watched Evelyn remove a set of green wedges from under the pontoons. Still, they were not moving, which meant that the ground was level here. Wait! Shouldn’t those oars be mov—
The blast was muffled through the walls, followed by a series of ear-piercing screeches. Something had set off one of Evelyn’s traps, and by the sounds of it, it was not pleased.
“Fucking hate those things!” Evelyn swore.
Anna looked behind her and saw the vampire pressing against the plane. Despite the effort, it did not budge which surprised Anna considering Evelyn’s earlier feats of strength.
“Release the lever in the middle!” Evelyn yelled.
“Lever…” Anna said while looking frantically.
That could mean a lot of things, but something beside her arm might fit the bill. Alas pulling up only caused it to click.
“Press the button!” Evelyn shouted as something ran into the door.
Anna jumped and looked at the side door which now had a noticeable indentation in it. Shit!
She noticed the button at the tip and pressed on it. Again, it would not move until she pulled up slightly to loosen the mechanism. When she drove it home, she felt a sudden burst of speed as the plane lurched forward.
“Yes!” Evelyn shouted with an infectious excitement.
If not for another hit against the door, Anna may have laughed. Even at this angle, she saw that the door was badly warped. Still, she maintained cautious optimism as they approached the void ahead.
While Anna was accustomed to three-dimensional movements like the elevator, the sudden falling sensation caused the contents of her stomach to shift. That worried her, along with some scraping along the pontoons and the splash that covered the front window in a blue light.
“Evelyn?” Anna asked, wondering why the vampire was not in the plane.
Unable to see what was going on, Anna unbuckled the belts and opened the passenger-side door. While the door almost hit the wing, it did give her ample opportunity to look behind her.
Evelyn was still in the bay, making sure that the plane had enough momentum to drift away from the shore. She then ran towards the far wall and activated every single switch. She’s resetting the traps!
Another deformation appeared in the door, followed by another and another. By the time the switches glowed red, the door had been torn from its hinges and was sliding across the bay.
There was a brief flash of fear in Evelyn’s eyes as the monstrosity’s fur-covered snout peeked through the doorway. That is, until the high-pitched whine flooded the room.
The thing howled and slammed its head into the doorframe. Anna was aghast when the cinderblocks crumbled to dust. Despite the infrasound, the beast entered the bay. It was at least twice as tall as the doorway when standing on its hind legs. This specimen was nothing but muscles, fur and teeth. Anna had never come across such a creature before and hoped never to do so again.
The fearsome femme fatal knew not to fuck with fate and disappeared from sight. That was immediately followed by a bright splash of blue a couple of metres away from the bay. She’s in the water!
“Oh shit!” Evelyn exclaimed, as she toggled a series of switches. “Close your door.”
Anna turned around to find the dripping wet Evelyn sitting in the plane. How she managed to get into her seat shocked Anna. Well… At least Evelyn is safe.
“…okay,” Anna said once the order sunk in.
She closed the door and heard a splash behind them. The werewolf was not going to let them get away without giving chase. Too easy!
Meanwhile, the pilot made the dashboard come to life. Green light illuminated the cabin and detailed the focused look on Evelyn’s face. Notably, the smile was gone, and for good reason.
With the press of a button, the propellers made one full rotation before stopping. Evelyn swore, reset the system, and tried again. This time, there were two revolutions.
“Vas donc te faire foutre!” Evelyn swore and slammed the console for effect.
This time, the engine came to life and turned over several times until the billowing black smoke turned clear. Evelyn looked behind them and noticed the dark mass was fast approaching. Although, that was not their biggest worry. With every breath, the red lights on the switches were blinking and would soon turn solid.
“Hold on!” Evelyn yelled after closing her own door and pulling back on the throttle. “This is going to void the warranty!”
They heard a bang, followed by a massive build-up in speed. Anna felt herself sink into the seat, while water rushed under the pontoons.
This was the fastest she had ever travelled, and she wondered how humans ever managed to cope. Before the thrill could set in, her heart missed a beat when she realised they were heading straight for the wall of fog. Who knows what’s on the other side?
Evelyn was just as focused as before. When a needle reached a certain level, she pulled the wheel towards her, and that rush of sounds beneath them disappeared. They were airborne, free of the bounds of the sea and earth.
“Yes!” Evelyn cheered while maintaining the plane’s ascent.
Soon, they were engulfed by the fog, but Evelyn was not worried. Heck, she even cracked a smile when a dull orange glow temporarily lit up the sky behind them. There was a noticeable delay before an Earth-shattering crack reached them. How does that make sense?
“Good riddance,” Evelyn said.

CHAPTER 18
THE YELLOW SUBMARINE
  
“Safe?” Anna confirmed, her voice shaking with anxiety as they cut through the thick fog.
Evelyn giggled as the instrumentation’s green flow gave her a ghastly appearance. At that moment, Anna was more inclined to believe that this was some sort of sick joke. What does she know?
“Won’t be like this for much longer,” Evelyn said as the hand on the dial circled like some sort of deranged clock.
With her anxiety taking hold, Anna turned away from the giggling horror and focused on the fog. As they gained altitude, the orange scourge dissipated until they were free from it entirely.
“There,” Evelyn said excitedly.
During the whole of her life, Anna had never gazed upon the stars. Sure, she had been living underwater, which was, in itself, a detriment. However, just above the waves, the fog ruled over the surface. It was impossible for her to fathom the vastness of space, let alone prepare for how beautiful the night sky was.
Evelyn let out a soft gasp as well. Despite being a creature of the night, light pollution often made it impossible to get a good view of the Milky Way and that shining sea of stars. Before the fall, the vampire would have been lucky to see a planet peek through the glow of artificial light.
“We are in luck,” Evelyn said. “A clear night to show us the way.”
Those words were lost on Anna, because she was busy staring out the cockpit to take it all in. There were stars everywhere that shimmered in an assortment of colours. Just above, she noticed a thick strip of stars that cleaved the sky in half.
That was before the sky began to glow as a large silver body peeked over the horizon to claim dominion. Essa had often described the moon as having a face, but Anna could not see it. So, she focused on the difference in tones and wondered why it looked like that.
If it were not for Evelyn clearing her throat, Anna would have been starstruck for hours. After all, from her point of view, such an opportunity would never come up again.
“How?” Anna asked.
“Ummm,” Evelyn asked. “Stars are relatively fixed points in space, but as we circle the sun and spin on our axis, the sky shifts. This phenomenon allows us to keep track of time, and ancient mariners used these celestial bodies to stay on course.”
Anna looked out ahead, but did not understand how someone kept millions upon millions of lights straight in their minds. Evelyn noticed the confusion swirling within those eyes and responded by adjusting a dial to increase the interior lighting.
“Some stars are brighter than others,” Evelyn said while pointing towards the brightest star through the window on Anna’s side. “That one is Polaris, or the North star.”
Anna began to grasp what Evelyn was talking about. When one grew up looking at the night sky, their secrets were revealed over time. I just have this moment become acquainted with them.
“Those three make up Orion’s belt,” Evelyn added while pointing at a line of stars. “We call them constellations, a group of stars that create an image when linked by imaginary lines… though some are a real challenge to figure out, even with a healthy imagination.”
Evelyn sighed and dimmed the lights to bring the night sky back to life. Despite this opportunity to bond, their mission did not permit them to be idle for long.
Anna spent a good half-hour looking out at the sky. Meanwhile, Evelyn remained focused on piloting the plane. The silence was welcome, providing her with an opportunity to take it all in. However, her eyes grew heavy, and in time, she nodded off. She remained like that for several minutes until something startled her awake.
“Bad dream?” Evelyn asked.
“Snouted beast,” Anna said while nodding.
“We call those werewolves… although hunters called them Lupinotuum pectinem,” Evelyn said. “That one was purebred and old. I figure this was the granddaddy of those hairy bastards I had to avoid.”
“They didn’t look the same,” Anna said bluntly.
“The moon wasn’t up, nor full,” Evelyn said. “The fact it was a full moon tonight completely slipped my mind. Otherwise, I would have been more careful.”
“Were they human?” Anna asked, curious about how such creatures came to be.
“They looked more like humans before society fell,” Evelyn said. “However, they are only fucking one another now, which brings out their wolf-like features.”
“Why?” Anna asked.
“No humans to breed with,” Evelyn replied in a sombre tone, and that left Anna feeling as though the air temperature dropped sharply.
“The settlers?” Anna asked, while thinking about the similarities she noticed.
“Not human,” Evelyn said sternly.
“Why not?” Anna asked to avoid sounding like an echo.
“Well, homo pallidi met homo sapiens and got an erectus,” Evelyn said with a giggle.
That statement floated right over Anna’s head, and when Evelyn caught the blank stare, she cleared her throat to rephrase.
“Well… I thought it was funny,” Evelyn said. “Ghouls and what remained of humanity interbred. What we see today are abominations, a reminder of how twisted the world became.”
“Shouldn’t they get a chance?” Anna asked.
“No,” Evelyn said without hesitation.
There was a lot of bitterness in those words. It went beyond lineage and upbringing, and Anna sensed there was an underlying rage. She’s been hiding in that arc for a long time… because she can’t face what humanity turned into?
“These things have no hope of reclaiming the glory of our past,” Evelyn said. “No appreciation for art, literature, or even basic respect for life.”
“How—” Anna said.
“You need to get some sleep,” Evelyn reminded her. “It will be a challenge to save Ulia if you collapse from exhaustion.”
Evelyn was right, but it was also a convenient excuse to get Anna to back off. She found it suspicious that the vampire’s statements had changed so much in the span of days. It all started with rumours of interbreeding, and now she had an in-depth understanding of their evolutionary potential. What is she hiding?
In truth, she already had an idea. The choice to tell Anna everything up front could have killed the journey before it began. She needed some time to adjust and get her bearings before revealing the horrible truth. This really sucks!
  
Anna woke up after a couple of hours, feeling like a new mermaid. It was hard to believe that a bit of rest could leave her so refreshed. The fact there was nothing that they knew of that could reach them up here might also explain the restful sleep.
“There you are,” Evelyn said. “I was about to wake you.”
Anna tried to rub the sleep from her eyes but was reminded of her mask. Upon realising the impossibility of her task, she grunted and stretched out instead. While sore, the pain from her bruises was tolerable, more like a constant companion, and one that was easy to ignore.
She turned to look at Evelyn who had not moved much, if at all, since Anna fell asleep. Anna had never seen the vampire sleep, and only rarely eat food. How does she keep pushing herself like that?
As her eyes shifted to the windshield, she realised how the sky had changed. Directly ahead, there were shades of purple that filled the sky. Just below, she saw a never-ending field of orange.
“Close?” Anna confirmed her guess.
“As close as I dare get,” Evelyn said. “That sun will soon be up over the horizon, and you don’t want to be anywhere near me if I get a sunburn.”
Evelyn pushed down on the controls and sent the plane into a shallow dive. The orange cloud covering the surface gained more definition as they approached. Wait! How are we going to land?
As though sensing Anna’s fears, Evelyn said, “Don’t worry, ma chère. I have an idea of how to land safely and not turn into a human torch.”
“Torch?” Anna asked, because such a word meant nothing underwater.
“Ball of fire,” Evelyn said. “Planes and fire don’t mix…”
Anna could certainly guess why since a fire in here would be a challenge to deal with. Well unless they submerged the plane, and that came with a whole slew of problems.
“If I’m right,” Evelyn said. “We should be over a clear channel. An old highway that ran beneath us… so nothing… big… to fly into.”
“That…” Anna said, “…does not inspire confidence.”
“You too?” Evelyn said with a giggle while the plane sank halfway into the fog. “Without risk… there can be no reward.”
The plane’s interactions caused the fog to thin out. Evelyn continued on this course for a minute, then climbed out before circling around. Anna was dumbfounded. Despite her instincts telling her otherwise, there was a visible gouge in the fog.
“Wow,” Evelyn said with a smirk. “Glad that worked.”
They repeated this manoeuvre several times until phosphorescent light shone through. Since there were no interruptions in the glow, it appeared that the path was clear.
“Any lower at this speed, and we risk flying into a wave,” Evelyn said.
They climbed out for the final time and turned towards their makeshift runway. The engine’s sound changed as they slowed down, and Evelyn initiated a series of adjustments. They continued their descent, approaching the fog until they were completely engulfed.
“Easier to see than when we took off,” Evelyn said, but her voice lacked that warmth on account of her single-minded focus.
Anna gripped the arm rests, her knuckles white from the strain. She even forgot to breathe, since this stunt had crossed into the realm of fantasy. How could anyone safely land in an unfamiliar area and do so blind?
The plane’s pontoons skipped once, twice, and a third time before making firm contact. Their drag helped them to slow down, but that’s before Evelyn’s eyes grew wide.
“Fuc—” Evelyn said.
Before Anna’s mind registered the first syllable, let alone made sense of it all, she found herself surrounded by thousands of tiny bubbles. Without even thinking about it, her gills opened up.
“What the fuck,” Anna muttered though a wall of air bubbles before realising that someone else was with her.
A pair of strong hands grabbed her arm and pulled her to the surface. She broke the surface just in time to witness the pontoons strike a half-submerged object. The plane flipped nose first and tore the propellers apart as they hit the water. Like a pivot, the rest of the main body and tail followed before slamming wings first into the waves. It remained like that for a minute or two, until the cockpit flooded and sank down to its pontoons.
“Are you hurt?” Evelyn asked.
“N-N-No,” Anna replied.
Unsure of what even happened, she looked at the plane and then at Evelyn. How did I get here?
“I noticed that we were going to crash,” Evelyn said. “So, I helped you deplane.”
“That fast?” Anna asked.
“I could have done it a bit faster, but that risked injury,” Evelyn replied. “Come on.”
Evelyn swam towards the submerged plane. Fortunately, whatever the plane collided with also created a null in the current, negating the need to chase it downstream. When they got close enough to see what the plane struck, Anna laughed nervously.
“Fucking billboard,” Evelyn said. “Five metres to the left or right and we would have missed it.”
“Fix?” Anna asked.
“No…” Evelyn said with a sigh. “This was always going to be a one-way trip…”
So, Evelyn risked exposure and sacrificed her plane to help Anna? Realising that the vampire had been so selfless certainly put a smile to her face.
“Thank you,” Anna said.
“What for?” Evelyn said, all confused.
Without waiting for a reply, Evelyn dove under the water. From Anna’s perspective, it was ludicrous to do so when someone born to the sea was there. Evelyn works in mysterious ways.
Anna considered going down as well, but a large yellow object took shape from out of the depths. When the eight-sided inflatable structure surfaced, water rolled off the cone shaped top, and Evelyn popped up a breath or two later.
“Life raft,” Evelyn said. “Anna, would you be a dear and get our packs from the plane? I’ll get busy bailing out the inside…”
“That’s more like it,” Anna said before slipping under the surface.
  
Despite the sun being high in the sky, Evelyn had nothing to worry about because of the thick fog. So, they focused on drying out their gear while an electric trolling motor moved them along at a sea-slug’s pace.
Evelyn also took the opportunity to loot the contents of a waterproof pouch fitted into the lifeboat. She handed out some water, biscuits, and a tin of sardines. When Evelyn spotted that glow in Anna’s eyes at the sight of fish, she proceeded to show her how to get at them, scooping some of the sardines out of the tin with a biscuit.
“There,” Evelyn said while handing over the biscuit, and tin.
She then pinched her nose to reduce the stench of canned fish while rummaging through the contents. Much of it was duplicated in their packs, because Evelyn had planned to be self-sufficient. However, they did lack a pistol with an oversized barrel.
Evelyn smirked, cracked open the breech, and loaded a round. She then pointed it outside, pulled the trigger, and reloaded before repeating the steps. Each time, a red star shot out and glowed in the air for about five seconds before fading out.
“That was fun,” Evelyn said with a giggle.
“Weapon?” Anna asked, as the salty fish melted on contact with her tongue.
“No,” Evelyn said. “These would have been used at sea to signal for help… besides, there is no one left to care.”
“True,” Anna said.
“Oh,” Evelyn said aloud. “I think it’s time to show you something.”
She rummaged down to the bottom of her own pack and pulled out two identical pistols along with a bandolier of magazines. Every item was neatly laid out to demonstrate.
“You’ll need to be armed from here on out,” Evelyn said. “So, let’s get you comfortable using a pistol.”
“Okay,” Anna said after scooping out another heaping mound of sardines.
  
The sun was at high-noon when they made landfall. As a precaution, Anna went through the anxiety inducing exercise of putting on her rebreather. She dreaded being unable to breathe, and despite never talking about it, Evelyn appeared to be intimately familiar with her torment.
Anna stood on the shore and looked back at their big yellow inflatable. The thing was silly, but it was designed to survive the rolling waves of the high seas. Still, she had seen how bad things got from the other side and vowed never to make the attempt.
“Ready?” Evelyn asked after kicking the raft to send it back into the open waters.
Anna un-holstered her pistol, pulled back on the slide, and kept her finger away from the trigger. She gripped the weapon with both hands, found her aiming point, and fired a round.
Despite this being a small calibre weapon, the barrel came up towards her, forcing her to readjust her aim before taking another shot. With every shot, the motions became more fluid and confident. Even though this was her first time firing a pistol, four out of five shots hit their mark, and once her ears stopped ringing, several hisses registered in her mind.
Evelyn did the same and fired off the remaining rounds save for one before inserting a fresh magazine. This time, she engaged the safety and handed the weapon back to Anna. The mermaid noted that the hissing was much more pronounced, causing the raft to quickly lose definition.
“We all live in a yellow submarine, ba dump,” Evelyn sang. “A yellow submarine, da dump…”
When Anna did not join in, Evelyn blushed, and the girls broke out in laughter. Neither knew exactly what the other was laughing about, but that did not matter. A bit of levity to relieve some stress did a lot to keep them grounded.
“I’ll have to explain that when we get back,” Evelyn said with a smile.
Anna nodded and motioned for Evelyn to lead on. Whether or not they caught up with the caravan, neither knew, but they would adapt to the situation as needed.
“Why thank you, my lady,” Evelyn sang out before adding in a melodramatic bow. “Now let’s save your friend…”

CHAPTER 19
INTO THE FOG
  
The fog distorted reality, robbing them of their perception of time and distance. After all, how could they keep track of either when things always looked the same?
While they both felt like they had been hiking for an hour, it took all of fifteen minutes to reach a steep embankment. Anna could not help but look up at this wall of loose rocks and dead vegetation and feel her jaw rub against the lower part of her mask.
Even Evelyn’s eyes grew wide, as though this obstacle was unexpected. Though looking at outdated maps focused on roads and infrastructure, such details might have been omitted.
“Well…” Evelyn said after letting out a long sigh. “Try to find a way around? Or climb?”
Before saying more, Evelyn reached into one of her pockets and pulled out a gunmetal-finished and square-shaped item with a glass surface. The vampire tapped on the glass, and the screen displayed some sort of line graph that changed based on the device’s orientation.
She pivoted in place until her body lined up with the red arrow on display. Faced with the cold hard truth, Evelyn frowned, because that forced them to go over this obstacle. While an unpleasant prospect, Evelyn knew it had to be done, since finding a way around might cost them hours of valuable time.
“Are you paying attention?” Evelyn asked before tossing the device to Anna.
Anna grabbed it from out of the air and looked down at the shiny black glass. The screen was blank, so she fumbled with it until it came back to life.
“Excellent,” Evelyn said. “I have it tuned to the bunker’s beacon. This will help—”
“Me?” Anna asked, certain that this was far too much responsibility which threatened to push her perilously close to hyperventilating.
“Yes, you!” Evelyn teased. “You’ll need it if we get separated.”
“Separated?” Anna asked.
“Well… shit happens,” Evelyn said after shrugging. “Do you know how to read a map?”
“Uh,” Anna said, hesitant to talk about how she ended up in this mess. “…yes?”
Evelyn unzipped another pocket and slipped out a folded piece of paper sealed in a plastic baggie. After some finagling, she had the map which was really a series of floor plans surrounded by a sea of information.
When this map was placed into Anna’s hands, she noticed the drawings were colourful and detailed. An element that caught her eye was a hand drawn-line that showed her which path to take. Every little detail is accounted for.
“It’s a brochure,” Evelyn said, intent on defining the word. “This was a strategic facility during the cold war and was later converted to a museum. It served as a testament to what millions in wasted tax dollars could achieve. They gave these out to tourists, highlighting points of interest along with some juicy historical titbits.”
Anna was familiar with the word museum because scavengers occasionally came across some nearby. Essa fought hard against ransacking such locations since relics from their past had to be preserved for future generations. I suspect they will be pillaged when Essa passes away.
“Why are we going to a museum?” Anna asked.
“Good question,” Evelyn replied, smiling, impressed that Anna was not afraid to ask questions. “Fifteen years before the wealthy left us to rot on the surface, world governments were concerned that they might turn on them. So, they sought places like these as a refuge in case the worst happened.”
“Why not a new facility?” Anna asked.
“That’s my girl!” Evelyn exclaimed before beaming a big grin. “A new facility meant permits, environmental assessments, large construction sites, and scrutiny from the media. This particular site featured several power sources and plenty of ways to disguise the expansion.”
It must have been time to get a move on, because Evelyn helped Anna fold the brochure and reseal the bag. Given their penchant for ending up in the water, such a precaution was warranted.
“So, they closed the museum under the guise of structural repairs and sent in robots to expand the facility. A cover-up ensued, but by then, no one was paying attention,” Evelyn added.
“How will—” Anna asked.
“I honestly don’t know,” Evelyn said. “The intelligence I have indicates that the entrance will be found under the old vault.”
“Great,” Anna said. “How do they know to come here?” she asked, thinking this would throw the vampire for a loop.
“Where do you think I got my information from?” Evelyn asked.
  
Making their way up such a steep incline did not thrill Anna. Fortunately, it turned out to be easier than expected. There were plenty of dead roots and shrubs for them to grab onto, and Evelyn had an uncanny ability to navigate the terrain.
By the time they reached the plateau, both of the girls put on their weary smiles. The difference being that Anna was trying to catch her breath, an unpleasant side effect of having lungs. That and having to use them… unlike Evelyn.
Evelyn hung around as though granting Anna a moment’s pause, but there was something more to it. Every time Anna shifted, the vampire analysed the motions and facial cues, even with a mask in the way.
“You’re in pain,” Evelyn confirmed.
Until that moment, Anna had not considered that she was in pain, at least not more than what she was dealing with from the abuse she put her body through. However, when she put all her weight on one foot, she actually winced and had to adjust her stance to avoid making it worse.
“How did you—” Anna asked.
“I’ve seen it before,” Evelyn said. “I caught a hint of it as we scaled the cliff… I should have thought about it earlier.”
That was the big difference between Anna and Evelyn. Experience, and the vampire had plenty of that to back up her observations. Anna simply assumed that she was sore, whereas the vampire was able to tie it all together to come up with potential sources of discomfort.
“Drop your pack,” Evelyn said in a light tone. “Sit on it and remove your boots and socks.”
With no reason to protest, Anna did as asked and actually had to fight through the torment in order to do so. When exposed to the air, her feet throbbed, and she was horrified to learn that her feet were covered in bumps, some of which were blood red.
Evelyn took one look at those feet and winced, something that Anna found oddly comforting. If someone as tough as this one could empathise with her, then she was handling the situation quite well.
“Blisters,” Evelyn said. “Let me fetch my supplies… we are going to have to deal with them…”
  
After spending the better part of an hour with nurse Evelyn, Anna was once again back on her feet and walking around. There was residual pain, but that much was to be expected. So, why was the vampire staring at her as though waiting for something? When Anna realised what was going on, she pulled out the device, aligned herself towards the source, and made headway. If only finding the airport had been this easy.
From what Anna figured, they were travelling through wide open fields. On occasion, they came across the remnants of a wooden or stone barrier built to divide the land. The sight of such anomalies was welcome because it broke up the monotony.
Every now and then, they came across long rows of trees. Some had branches attached while others were mostly bare and linked by wires.
“Power lines,” Evelyn said. “You can tell because they are straight as an arrow and some are still linked by cables. Also note the distinctive lack of branches.”
To Anna, a dead tree was a dead tree, especially in their current state. They looked like a dark stain on the horizon, as though they had been scorched by a vengeful god. How can anyone tell without having lived it?
Now that was a question better cleansed from the mind. When taken to the logical conclusion, that thought applied to everything else about this world. She was a fish out of water, facing a world that gave up on life. I don’t even fucking know how to make fire.
Being driven into the sea had not only caused humanity to stumble, but also sent it back to the starting line. How can Evelyn stand being around someone so ignorant?
Without being prompted, Evelyn placed a hand on Anna’s shoulder. While surprising, the light touch was comforting and reminded her there were more important things to do. Ulia is not going to save herself.
They came across a parallel set of rusty rails with ditches flanking both sides. While the design differed from those found in the bowels of the city, they were familiar enough for Anna to recognise their function.
“Oh good,” Evelyn said. “This will take us most of the way.”
Despite the news, Anna remained silent. She simply confirmed that the direction agreed more or less with her device and took a left. She had to admit that it was reassuring to see a smile on Evelyn’s face. Wait! Was this a test?
The answer was easy enough to guess because Evelyn was not the one who needed help in this partnership. Anna’s overall involvement in this rescue operation was best described as a killick, a heavy stone anchor that, in this case, only weighted them down.
Still, she had grown significantly as a mermaid since making landfall. The old Anna may have thirsted for adventure but would have never gone through the derelict tanker alone. Or shot that man in the…
  
After what felt like a hard hour of walking, a metal structure appeared from out of the fog. It was more than twice the width of the track and towered over them, even from this distance.
As they approached, details of the structure came into focus. It was built entirely using full lengths of thick trusses, interconnected for strength. What differed was the surface. Gone was the dirt and gravel; instead, there were wooden planks.
“Be careful,” Evelyn said.
“Go around?” Anna asked.
Evelyn rested her right index finger on the centre line of her lips. Anna figured that the vampire was considering all their options.
“No,” Evelyn said. “We might not find another bridge…”
“So why be careful?” Anna asked, considering this looked to be pretty solid when compared to the other tech they came across.
“These types of bridges were not designed for us,” Evelyn said. “These tend to have gaps in the surface, because they were built for trains.”
“Okay,” Anna said. “So, watch where I step. Got it.”
Evelyn giggled before saying, “Exactement.”
As was the custom, Anna took the lead and maintained a steady pace step until the crunch of the gravel was replaced by the resonance of her first footstep on a wooden surface. The sound differed greatly from what she previously experienced, so it piqued her curiosity. It even has a faint echo.
In a world covered by the fog and devoid of life, there was little out here to dampen the noise. It was impossible for Anna to imagine sounds like the wind rustling through a forest of deciduous trees or birds chirping, let alone the combined cacophony brought on by humanity nearby. How could someone cope?
Anna took a pause, long enough to get a better feel for this bridge. The wood on the deck appeared thick and sturdy, but the steel was swelled with rust. So, what’s holding this together?
The age of this bridge and an inability to see beneath their feet made her race. Still, Anna was astounded that she was not gasping for air like fish flopping around on the deck.
“You can do this,” Evelyn said in a voice that had an immediate calming effect. How does she do that?
She nodded despite her anxiety splashing near the high-water mark. She took another step and was entirely supported by the bridge. When nothing happened, she let the air out of her lungs. Wait! I was holding my breath the whole time?
While Anna stood on the left of the bridge, she caught Evelyn taking a position on the right side of the tracks. Somehow, knowing that the vampire was there to help did much to ease her mind, or it did until she looked down…
A couple of metres ahead, she found one of those gaps and expected this was the first of many. The gap in question was about half-a-metre apart, which explained Evelyn’s warning.
“Okay,” Anna said before kicking off.
In the middle of the old track, there were slats of wood that ran parallel with the rails. While those covered the gaps, Anna noticed that several were missing, and those that remained were weathered. I’d rather take my chances with the gaps.
Evelyn did not push or provide any advice. She moved when Anna did and kept a sharp eye out on what lay ahead.
Anna looked down and saw nothing but a thick cloud of fog. From this vantage point, the mist may as well have been a solid object.
“How?” Anna asked before taking a giant leap across the gap.
“How?” Evelyn questioned. “What do you mean, ma chère?”
“How do… you deal with all this?” Anna asked while circling her index finger in the air.
Her mind had trouble focusing on a single task. She initially wanted to ask how humans dealt with the steady onslaught of stimuli while travelling within the city. However, she dismissed that thought because this question was actually relevant.
“I’ve seen a lot in my day,” Evelyn said. “Wars, pestilence, droughts, and I even witnessed the fires of revolution ravage my homeland.”
“Better?” Anna asked. “Worse?”
“A bit of both,” Evelyn said softly while keeping up with Anna.
“How?” Anna pressed.
“Wars were devastating. During humanity’s last century, entire cities vanished from the face of the earth,” Evelyn said. “Still, there were people left to rebuild and learn from these mistakes… at least for a few generations.”
“Ends?” Anna asked.
Evelyn cocked a brow in response. It was clear that Anna had introduced a variable into the equation that Evelyn never considered.
“Well… I’m tempted to say no,” Evelyn said. “In our world, there was always a crisis, either self-induced or brought on by chance.”
Anna let those words sink in. The bridge really did appear to stretch on forever, but according to their beacon, they were nearing their goal. How much longer do we have to go?
“Now…” Evelyn said before her voice trailed off into oblivion. She cleared her throat and added, “No one is left to rebuild or to mourn the dead.”
“You?” Anna asked, crossing the next three gaps in rapid succession.
Evelyn did the same and replied, “I’m just a faded memory of what was. Some might argue that I belong in a… museum. You’re the closest thing to a human that I’ve come across in centuries.”
“So why help me?” Anna asked.
Anna paused long enough to look at Evelyn’s face and watched as a smile grew from ear to ear. The warmth of that featured smile disarmed her entirely.
“Because despite all of our faults,” Evelyn said, “Compassion remains one of our biggest strengths.”
Those words rang true, and Anna hoped to one day live up to them, a debt she would begin to repay once they found Ulia safe and sound.
“Enough of me prattling on,” Evelyn said. “Time to get—”
“Wha…” Anna asked without having a clue why Evelyn stopped in mid-sentence.
It was not the first time that Evelyn disappeared, only to materialise somewhere else. However, this did not feel like one of those times because of the deafening silence that filled the void. She would have announced herself by now?
Her mind replayed the scene over and over again until her memory provided her with what she missed. Evelyn had taken a small step, just enough to send her straight down.
“Evelyn?” Anna asked while taking the risk of heading to where she was last seen.
There was nothing to see or hear. Anna’s eyes watered and her hands shook, while that river of anxiety she had kept at bay threatened to jump its banks. Fuck! I don’t have time for this.
“Evelyn!” Anna shouted.
Anna sucked in her left cheek and bit down. The initial surge of pain enabled her focus, but her emotions continued to ride roughshod through her mind. She continued to bite down until the taste of blood made her want to vomit.
“Should I go—” Anna questioned.
There came a splash which, when accounting for the time, meant that this was one doozy of a step. I can’t risk it, Ulia needs me.
Frustrated by dealing with so many incompatible goals, Anna shrieked. While it helped her vent, it did nothing to focus her mind, that is, until she saw something come out of the fog… a dark feminine form.
Perhaps her mind was playing tricks on her. Then again, who knew? She did know that staying here would do precisely fuck all to further her goals. So, with renewed focus, she forced herself to take several deep breaths, shook her head, and confirmed where she was before leaping across.
“I’m coming,” Anna said.

CHAPTER 20
DISCONNECTED
  
It was easy for Anna to question her senses. In a world this far gone, how could she be certain of anything? Heck, Evelyn was a pro at this, and where was she now?
She was tempted to ignore the silhouette out in the distance. Given her options, it made sense to dive into the fog in search of her anchor, Evelyn, the one who got her this far… Last I checked, I could breathe underwater… not fly.
Alternatively, it was just as easy to turn about and head home. After all, Evelyn was capable of superhuman speed and strength… even with all those abilities, she’s gone.
When considering all she had seen, there were plenty of reasons to worry. It was time to take stock of what she knew and draw up a plan. It was fortunate that her throbbing cheek kept her mind from wandering off. I need to get off this bridge.
Anna traversed the next three gaps without concern. Before every jump, she checked behind to ensure no one was following and returned her focus towards the silhouette. Odd, the fog did not thin out around that dark shape, even as the final trusses of the bridge became visible. Finally! There is an end in sight!
It worried her that the feminine outline remained out of reach. The interaction between this potential figment of her imagination and the environment left her unnerved. This behaviour violated all she knew about the fog. It has a mind of its own.
Despite the lack of definition, the body type did not fit the vampire. Evelyn had an hourglass shape, it suited her slender frame, but this one was anything but subtle. In fact, it appeared to be exaggerated…
“Evelyn?” Anna called out, figuratively leaving blood in the water to lure in predators.
There came no reply, however the silhouette pivoted to the side to reveal a large bust before presumably showing her backside. The dark shape grew smaller with every step taken away from Anna, and the fog followed. Wait! She can control the fog?
That gave Anna plenty of reasons to reconsider her options. She grabbed on to the pistol holstered to her thigh so that the weight and feel of this weapon might comfort her. Still, what she considered was a risky proposition, so she disengaged the safety before holstering. I’m not taking any chances.
She repeated the process for her backup piece tucked into her right boot. Evelyn insisted that she carry two weapons; initially, that reeked of paranoia. Guess she was right. It’s high time that I take the war to them.
Once clear of the last gap, Anna marched in place to create the illusion of approaching the silhouette. Her tactic must have worked, because the silhouette turned away to further distance herself. This confirmation confused her, that is, until she realised that her shadow may not have been aware she was visible.
This left her with a few options, the first of which was unattainable, because approaching while observed was beyond her abilities. Besides, this could be a trap or an attempt to find out where she was headed. It’s doubtful that I’ll want any company where I need to go.
Because those like her could not chase their prey, she used the terrain to her advantage. Alas, there was no obvious cover. Her opponent also had an edge, and that made getting the upper hand… unless…
Every bridge she encountered had built-up edges that were used to support the structure. That means I’ll just need to look over the side…
Anna feigned adjusting her boot and peeked out over the edge. Behind her, there was nothing but fog… that much… is expected.
Just ahead, she made out the concrete support structure. This massive wall was pitted, so much so, that a mound of gravel had formed along the base. It looks to me like there’s a path down there.
To ensure the situation had not changed, Anna looked out ahead and spotted her shadow. The observer stood still, as though waiting for Anna to make a move. I wonder if she’ll see this coming?
Anna stood up, took a breath, and tripped over the uneven surface. She lurched forward and grabbed on before twisting in mid-swing to face the bridge. Everything unfolded as planned, but her body slammed into the support beams. Fuck! Air doesn’t slow me down!
In spite of being partially dazed, Anna remained lucid enough to hold on. Once her position was confirmed, she shimmied closer to shore and let go. The gravel made a racket when compressed by her landing which negated any opportunities for stealth.
The mermaid, working under the assumption that the observer would soon approach, turned away from the bridge. Beyond the debris, the surface was rocky, and that would mute the sound of her steps. A positive development. There might be a place for me to hide.
Cognisant of the growing threat, she moved further away and hugged the cliff wall until she came across a nook, an ideal spot where she was only visible while taking a peek. So, now we wait…
With her anxiety, the waiting felt like it took forever. Once the bridge was nearly gone from sight, she heard footsteps. Without thinking, she flattened herself against the rock face, thinking that she needed to rely on more than sound. Wait! How well am I hidden? This backpack is not helping matters, but it’s too late to alter the plan.
The footsteps changed from the soft ground to gravel, and then echoed throughout the wood. If Anna interpreted these sounds correctly, the silhouette was now on the bridge.
To remain calm, Anna focused on each step and visualised herself making the same trip. Each step meant they were farther down the bridge. As a precaution, she withdrew her sidearm and gripped it with one hand. Now, all she needed to do was sneak a peek… just around the corner.
Her shadow was there! When the silhouette looked down, Anna realised she was standing at the end of the first gap. How could she sneak up on her? I really hate not knowing the terrain and that debris will make an awful racket… aww fuck this!
Remembering her lessons, Anna popped out from behind the cover with both hands on the pistol. She lined up her sights and hesitated. This was not an oversized raft; she was about to shoot a living… human? Are they even a threat? Can I live with myself?
The logical loop took her nearer to the boiling point until she sighted a blue light centred on the head. Anna initially doubted her senses, but it appeared again and again. Her? How?
The answers were irrelevant. What mattered most was the size of the target, and a side profile made for a smaller target. On a hunch, Anna searched for and found a rock which she threw at the bridge. Her aim was off, but it still struck a truss and made an ear-piercing ping.
The observer turned towards the source of the sound, and Anna fired off three shots in rapid succession. The first two missed entirely, whereas the last round flew low, ricocheted off a wood plank, and hit the target in the leg. What came next was a steady stream of words that sounded suspiciously like profanity. Well… I guess that’s a win?
  
Anna was not about to take any chances, considering her target’s ability to manipulate the fog. Such a skill strongly hinted that she had a deeper understanding of the world than Evelyn did. Not to mention, they are using it to spy on us—me.
To avoid any surprises, Anna approached the screeching creature with her pistol drawn. With details of the silhouette revealed, she lowered her point of aim by about four fingers. The clothes differed, but the pale skin and fiery red hair were distinctive.
“You—” Breanna declared after spotting her assailant.
“You!” Anna shouted.
The activity on the cranial device did not change. This Breanna did not need to reach back for information. One would think that a severe injury would trigger a lot of blinking.
“You shot—” Breanna repeated.
“You threatened to dissect me!” Anna exclaimed.
With that last statement, the blue light blinked at a fantastical rate which somehow disconnected the redhead from any pain. It gave Anna the opportunity to look over her handiwork, namely, the puddle of fresh blood on the deck and Breanna’s bloodied hands.
“I have no record of that,” Breanna finally said.
That statement sent a wave of confusion crashing against Anna’s conscious mind. Evelyn once used the word clone, but the nuances of the word escaped her.
“Record?” Anna asked.
“Wait…” Breanna said before the light blinked wildly.
“Hello?” Anna asked.
No response came because the light kept on blinking wildly. The first Breanna had done this from time to time, but never to such an extent.
“Hello?” Anna asked for a second time.
The pause in reaction went on with no end in sight, and eventually, the light turned solid. That’s when Breanna began to breathe again.
“Signal decay due to the loss of the ground station,” Breanna said in an indifferent tone. After a pause, she looked down at her bloody leg, paused, and shouted, “That fucking hurts!”
“I’m sorry,” Anna whispered.
“Why—” Breanna said. “Who are you?”
“Anna,” she answered, and at this point, was genuinely curious about the type of reply she would get.
“Have we met?” Breanna asked.
“You said something about having me dissected,” Anna chided.
“Really? A pretty thing like you?” Breanna said before running her tongue along her lower lip. “I could have thought of better uses for you.”
The smile that followed chilled Anna to her core. This persona differed wildly which led her to wonder if it could be used to her advantage. You’re in deep waters now, Anna.
“Why were you following me?” Anna asked.
“You?” Breanna asked, a clear reversal of their earlier roles.
“Who then?” Anna asked.
Instead of a reply, Breanna inspected her leg. Blood oozed from the spaces between her fingers and gushed when pressure was relaxed. However, she caught sight of an entry and exit hole.
“Projectile went through and through,” Breanna said. “Give me one second.”
Anna watched cautiously as Breanna reached into a pocket and pulled out something that looked like a syringe. She applied pressure from the top, and a red foam expanded to fill the space left by the burrowing bullet.
“Better,” Breanna said.
“I was looking for an acquaintance,” Breanna said before trying to put weight on her leg and wincing in response. “Hmm, that bullet must have grazed the bone.”
“You mean Evelyn?” Anna asked.
The glint in Breanna’s eyes spoke volumes. Whatever relationship they once had, it must have been deeply intimate. Anna had seen that same look in the eyes of newly bonded couples… or at least did until younglings came into the picture.
“You know her?” Breanna asked.
Anna nodded before saying, “She’s been helping me find—”
“She lies,” Breanna said.
“She does…” Anna confirmed and realised that her aim had dropped after getting caught up in this bizarre exchange.
“…uses people,” Breanna said. “We are nothing but instruments in her orchestra.”
The only aspect that surprised Anna was how forthcoming this clone turned out to be. A couple of days ago, this same woman had turned the tables on her and planned to dice her up like sushi.
“Does she?” Anna asked softly to bait the hook.
“She’ll betray you,” Breanna said, shifting slightly to ease the pain before leaning back on her outstretched hands.
The change in demeanour only made Anna more suspicious. The last incarnation had kept her hands hidden behind her back and did so for a reason.
“She’s helping me save—” Anna interjected.
“She only helps when—” Breanna said before further shifting an arm.
Despite her intense desire to hear the answer, Anna did not hesitate. Three shots rang out with the first striking Breanna in the gut. The second hit her clavicle, and the last pierced a lung. It was that last shot that forced the redhead to release her grip on the silver cylinder which rolled harmlessly off the bridge.
“You’re one to talk,” Anna said.
While approaching, Anna noticed the blue light continued to blink. Not endowed with Evelyn’s strength, Anna pressed the barrel of her pistol against the device and emptied the magazine. Breanna slumped over, presumably dead for the second time in a week.

CHAPTER 21
TOURIST TRAP
  
Anna left once the fog cleared. Evelyn had ample opportunity to catch up by then, but there were no signs of her. Heck, there were no sounds at all, and being surrounded by a deafening silence confirmed that she was truly alone.
After it dawned on her that someone or something might come looking for Breanna, she inserted a fresh magazine and holstered the pistol. She also adjusted the straps to the backpack because her shoulders were getting sore. Hope that keeps the pain at bay…
She followed the lonely dusty trail that ran alongside the rail and kept an eye out for anything suspect. Without company to keep her grounded, it was easy for the mind to play tricks on her.
Dead trees turned into ghouls, and there were shadowy eyes hiding behind every dark corner. Fortunately, she knew better than to go shooting at an imaginary threat. Instead, Anna closed her eyes, took a deep breath, and re-examined the world with a fresh perspective.
After thousands of lonely steps, Anna reached what remained of a town, the sight of which brought her back to the beginning of this grand adventure. While those memories filled her with guilt and grief, it also reminded her that there was an important junction nearby.
Anna pulled out the brochure and unfurled it to get a better look. Just like the sticker affixed to the car window, it featured a map of the local area. The railway was outlined, in addition to prominent roads. Most importantly, it reminded her that the destination was in proximity to a settlement. I bet this is it.
She was thankful for having come across highways before, so when Anna came across two poles, each fitted with a long arm, twinned lights, and topped with signs shaped like an X, she had no need to decipher its meaning.
Instead, she focused on the road that ran in the right direction. As a precaution, she pulled out her tracker and confirmed that the signal agreed with her course.
“This means that I’m getting closer,” Anna said aloud as a way to break the stifling silence. After exhaling deeply, Anna added, “I wish Evelyn was here…”
  
Time mattered little under the sea because the sun had no effect on the world. If not for the tides, many of the merfolk would live out their lives oblivious to the passage of time. Those who tracked tides did so mostly as a way to sync up with other settlements.
There were no tides here, but the surface had its own way of alerting people that the sun would soon set. Because the fog blotted out the sun, the warning of the upcoming twilight was not a gradual affair. Shit! Time to find shelter.
There was a great deal about the world she did not know. However, staying out in the open was an obvious one to avoid, specifically, threats from creatures that Essa often referred to as things that go bump in the night.
With time against her, Anna had to make a choice and fast. Sure, she could go off the beaten path to find shelter, but there were risks associated with stumbling around in the dark. Given the state of this ruined town, Anna had to assume there were hazards just waiting for an unsuspecting mermaid to stumble upon. Like basements and underground structures that give out once I set foot on them.
She scanned the horizon for something familiar. Perhaps she would spot a silo or something familiar like—a chimney!
It stuck out behind a row of barren foundations and was at least three stories high. Of note, it also supported the remnants of a brick wall. It’s probably solid, since some of these were still standing underwater.
With nothing better on the horizon, Anna took a direct path towards the abandoned home while avoiding anything not fashioned by nature. On approach, she slowed to a crawl to confirm every step.
This ruined house must have been imposing back in the day. The chimney was tall and solidly built, enough to support the remaining wall. Alas, the other sides had collapsed which brought the roof down, mouldings and all.
While facing the street, Anna found a set of stairs with rusty railings and two long pillars. Anna could not help but wonder how it all fit together.
“So how do I get in there?” Anna asked softly.
The amount of ambient light was dropping fast, forcing her to take risks. Anna knew that if she did not find shelter soon, either her anxiety would consume her or something else—
“Not like I can knock on the front door,” Anna whispered.
The stairs went nowhere, so it was futile to look for a door. She circled around to the far side of the home, specifically, the still-standing wall. Sure enough, there was a space just big enough to squeeze through… as long as I take off my backpack.
  
Even without her pack, Anna barely made it through the opening. Fortunately, there was just enough light to see what was left of this once grand room. The chimney was high and wide, which gave her plenty of room to hide. The stone construction and flooring was also good news because that meant solid ground.
However, beyond the fireplace, the floors were all made of wood. Even worse, there was a visible gap between the fireplace and floor. Is it even safe to get near—
A screech rang out through the desolate lands, which forced Anna to close her eyes and calm down. Ghouls were getting ready to go on the prowl and would soon give chase. Great… pretty soon I won’t be able to see.
After taking several deep breaths, Anna opened her eyes and took a quick look. There was nothing obvious, certainly not a bridge or anything solid to use. Still, her eyes focused on a rectangular sheet of wood with one side covered in shingles… wait!
Anna inspected it and realised that the sheet was light and, despite the grey colour, appeared solid. She dragged it towards the fireplace while confirming every step until she neared the gap.
Being this close to her goal left her light headed, so she committed herself by throwing her pack into the hearth. From this vantage point, she learned there were large wooden beams supporting the floor. Armed with this tidbit of information, she laid the sheet atop a couple and crossed.
In spite of finding a place, Anna still felt the contents of her stomach turn sour. How could she prevent something from using the same path? They could just use the…
Anna swore, grabbed that piece of roofing, and propped it against the brick and mortar. Now, she had sufficient cover to stay hidden during the night.
“Great. So, what now?” Anna whispered.
When Anna’s stomach gurgled, it reminded her that she had eaten nothing since making landfall. Food would keep her strength up while passing the time. So how do I eat with a mask on?
“…plenty of time to find out,” Anna answered grimly…
  
Anna left the hearth looking the worse for wear. Ash covered her clothing and backpack. Even her face was covered in soot, but that mattered little. Not like Ulia is going to care how I look.
Despite the sinking suspicion that she might get lost, it turned out to be a snap to get back to the road. Back on track, she attended to her sore back brought on by sleeping at an odd angle and stretched to work out some kinks. I miss sleeping underwater.
After opening her eyes, Anna noticed a series of footsteps crisscrossing hers. By the looks of it, there had been a lot of activity last night. Were they looking for me?
She instinctively reached for her sidearm. It was odd to confirm something was there, even though she was certain that it was. Nevertheless, it put her mind at ease, although temporarily.
On the other side of the road, Anna noticed movement. At first, she dismissed it as being yet another instance of her imagination fucking with her. However, the ashen skin was not easily dismissed against the contrasting terrain… Not to mention the laboured breathing.
When it moved again, Anna lined up her sights and approached. It was a ghoul or something that looked very much like one and, despite a great number of slashes and puncture wounds, there was little blood. That looks painful!
All around, there were dozens of tracks, some big, some small. Interspersed throughout, there were puddles of red and black blood and even some randomly discarded body parts.
“How fucking tired could I have been to sleep through that?” Anna asked.
It was clear that she missed a great deal. Despite the carnage and what Evelyn thought of such creatures, she could not let it suffer. Besides, something else might find it and coax it to divulge information about her passing.
With a heavy sigh, Anna approached until fear shone through those beady eyes. She took aim, hesitated for a breath or two, and took the shot. A loud crack broke the calm, which made her ears ring. As it let out its last breath, she knew it was done suffering.
“Right,” Anna said before kicking off. “Not like I’m here to make friends.”
As judged by the signal strength from the beacon, Anna was very close. Her mind continued to fuck with her, to the point of nearly dismissing the appearance of a blinking red light. Initially, the phenomenon appeared only in her peripheral vision, but never when looking straight at the source.
It was not until the dark outline of a lattice tower appeared that she saw the light clearly. In a place dead and desolate, still-functioning technology was a clue that she was near.
“It even lines up with the source of the beacon,” Anna said before veering off the road towards the tower.
Within a couple of minutes, she reached for what looked to be an oversized version of her chain-linked vest. Several of the sections had either collapsed or rotted away, so she walked right over the crinkly material and advanced on the tower.
If not for the map, Anna would have missed the entrance. There was a large concrete pad with a still-standing door near one edge. Anna found it odd that the structure that once covered this pad was gone. In its place, there were bolts, brackets and fasteners. Given their advanced state of decay, the former looked more like what Essa once described as mushrooms.
Attached to the still-standing doors was an oversized pipe that led underground. Again, if not for the brochure, she might have missed it entirely. I wonder if those things live in the depths?
Anna did not care for an answer. Instead, she pulled on the door handle, and it gave way with ease. A steady flow of air rushed past her and turned her exposed skin to gooseflesh. That development left her unsure if this was a plus… or one big minus.
She pulled out her pen light and pointed it down the long tunnel. Other than mud near the doors, the rest was clear. Considering the signs of last night’s activity were not far from here, Anna wondered why this place was not swarming with them. Do they fear this place? Why? Should I?
“Like I have a choice,” Anna said before clamping down on her jaw until her teeth strained.
It was fortunate that the tunnel featured a flat surface. Anna did not need to dedicate as much attention to her descent, which afforded her the luxury of keeping an eye out for threats.
The door at her back closed on its own, causing her ears to pop as pressure returned to normal levels. Up ahead, Anna noticed the glow of white light. She might have been surprised by that development had she missed the tower lights. How is this place still getting power?
Without further need for an independent light source, Anna swapped the penlight for her weapon. Perhaps she was being overly cautious, however, a bit of healthy paranoia went a long way towards her survival.
Near the doors, Anna made out details inside, namely a counter and rows of items neatly stacked. Anna guessed this was where the brochure’s interior layout began. This makes…
Anna reached for the door, turned the handle, and pulled. It gave way without trouble. In fact, the door barely made a sound. Her head snapped back in surprise. Other than a thin layer of dust and string weaved into circular nets, this place was virtually identical to the picture from the brochure. No sense at all…
She moved towards the counter and found a passageway that stretched out in both directions. Based on the brochure, she needed to hang a right and follow it all the way to a small room, one adorned with an icon composed of an increasing number of squares. Stairs?
While contemplating the existence of another set of footprints that led to the left, Anna felt her ears pop. She looked around and found nothing to explain it, that is until she spotted four screens behind the counter. One displayed the inside of the tunnel, which she nearly dismissed until several lanky shadows passed by a remote eye.
“Oh shit,” Anna whispered, before diving behind the counter.
She could not help but wonder if that act of compassion came with a heavy dose of consequences…

CHAPTER 22
THE UNGUIDED TOUR
  
Anna may have been armed, but there were a lot of them. Worst of all, those tall profiles agreed with what she knew of ghouls… Great, those fucking eyes.
To confirm her suspicions, Anna looked over her shoulder towards the monitors and noticed that a half-a-dozen were heading down the tunnel. For all she knew, there were more topside, perhaps to keep watch or to make sure no one escaped.
What she needed was a distraction to draw them away from where she needed to go. That part was easier said than done since any step made left imprints in the dust. Even if these things were as smart as herring, they would eventually stumble onto her hiding spot. Great… I have all the time in the world…
Her eyes darted around the room, focusing on the available wares. At first glance, there was nothing that caught her eye. While these items were sure to leave a mess, she needed her tracks to disappear and have it look like an accident. Wait! What are those?
She spotted rows of globes sitting on the top shelf of a display island. Anna grabbed one and glanced at the winter wonderland inside, thinking that she could easily spend hours toying with these. However, the monitors were a reminder that time was running out.
There were two options available to her, the first of which was to make a run for it and leave an obvious trail to follow. The second called for some chaos to conceal her intention which was something Evelyn would do… You know… this would be a lot easier if she were here.
With time working against her, Anna leapt over the counter to the back of the island and flipped the display over. That launched every globe through the air, sending them crashing to the floor along with books, metal toys, other items she could not identify.
While it made a god-awful racket, it also spread glass, water, and debris all over the floor. With her goal to obfuscate accomplished, she went back behind the counter, withdrew her sidearm, and peeked at the monitors.
Anna let out a soft sigh, relieved that the ghouls were not aware of the commotion. She needed to remain centred and focus on what was unfolding beyond those doors. Actually, losing her cool now would be like leaving a blood trail in shark-infested waters. At least I understand sharks.
Fortunately, her wait was mercifully short. After they disappeared from one monitor, she heard the door’s locking mechanism being engaged. The sound was slight and cautious. Nevertheless, the surge of adrenaline heightened her senses.
This situation forced her to rely on sound alone, since there were no working cameras directed at the door. Sure, there might have been a way to control the system, but it was too late for that. I should’ve made a run for it.
Oh shit! While traces of her passing might have been erased by the mess she made, her scent remained, an easy detail to overlook when wearing a mask for several days. Still, worrying about that now would do precisely fuck all to—
The sound of glass breaking caught her by surprise. These creatures were clearly familiar with stealth, so she wondered how many were inside before one fucked up.
Curious, she snuck a peek over the counter, just enough to spot the heads of four ghouls. Fortunately, none of their eyes were glowing, but the white light in here might have helped to conceal the effect. Alas, every single one of them was facing towards where she needed to go. Why are the footsteps going the other way of no interest to them?
While a good question, there would be no reply. What she needed was a distraction, one that would let her slip away unnoticed… Yeah, and I’m the Queen of the depths.
Even with the swirling maelstrom of uncertainty threatening to drown out her conscious mind, Anna had to react. She grabbed some random item from the counter, one covered in numeric symbols, and threw it down flats. Anna was back behind cover before the glass and plastic shattered against the floor.
That got their attention. This gaggle of ghouls gave up on stealth altogether and headed away from her escape route. That her plan was coming to fruition made her smile, or did until glass broke nearby. Shit! That’s right in front of the counter!
The orange glow that was reflected near her feet only confirmed her suspicions. Despite the risks of getting enraptured by those eyes, Anna figured out where the glow was brightest, turned around, and lined up her weapon. For a split second, she saw that ghastly light but broke eye contact when the first shot grazed the ghoul’s neck.
Black ichor spurted from out of the wound, covering the black-and-white striped column beside that thing in splatter. Before it could reach for its neck to stem the bleeding, Anna’s second shot struck it in the dead centre of its chest.
While that silenced the nearest threat, those shots announced her presence. The ghouls cried out, and their ear-piercing sound nearly forced Anna to cover her ears. Fortunately, she managed to ignore it even as another set of glowing eyes appeared.
Anna repeatedly pulled the trigger and heard a click every time. On her third attempt, Anna realised what went wrong and pulled out a magazine. Too bad that her adrenaline fuelled hands caused her to fumble the reload. Fuck!
Even though she had a backup weapon, Anna was too hyper-focused on the magazine to remember. She reached for the mag but caught movement from the corner of her eye. Since her primary weapon was a glorified paperweight, she dropped it and grabbed the cash register with both hands.
“Take—” Anna yelled.
Anna was stopped mid-swing before the same force sent her sailing down the right hallway. While airborne, she caught a glimpse of a ghoul holding its organs in place. Its abdomen had five deep lacerations that ran from left to right.
“Mistress!” The ghoul pleaded, which Anna thought was an odd thing to say.
Since her flight had not been planned nor coordinated, Anna crashed her left shoulder onto the floor. She winced as the rest of her body flipped backward and slammed back first into the floor. That left her temporarily winded, but something was keeping the ghouls busy.
“Get going!” Evelyn ordered. “I can’t hold them off for long!”
“What the f—” Anna said while trying to get back on her feet.
“Now Tessa!” Evelyn shouted as ghoul’s neck broke after a brutal fall.
Anna knew better than to question such an order. If the vampire was too preoccupied to use the right name, then this was a serious threat. She grabbed a handrail in spite of the pain flooding her mind, grimaced, and ran down the hall.
When her eyes spotted the stairwell right where it should be expected to be, Anna pushed on through. Right behind her, she heard something inhuman, but nothing she had experienced before. It was like the intolerable, tingling sweetness of water glasses when played on by a cunning hand…
  
Upon reaching the two-hundred level, Anna remembered her backup piece and reached down to holster it on her hips. If memory served, she was about to hit the one-hundred level which led to the vault.
While certain of where she was a step or so back, doubt poisoned her mind. It forced her to pull out the map to confirm where she was, and even had to check it twice.
“Stop it,” Anna snapped, stowing away the map, but that did little to help.
She then turned around and looked down at the stairs. Unlike the other levels, there was no door opening onto the hallway. So, she took a deep breath and grabbed her weapon. Why take any chances?
First, Anna confirmed the doors leading away from the vault were closed before looking at the flight of stairs that led down. Fortunately, the dust was undisturbed, just like in the hallway.
Given the commotion in the levels above, Anna refused to rush into this. Her steps were slow and deliberate, relying on her instincts.
When the door on her right shifted, Anna immediately turned about and squeezed the trigger several times. While the first two rounds missed, the last two blew through the glass and struck a ghoul. Oh no!
Just behind the victim, there were several pairs of glowing eyes. While that light was alluring, she managed to tear herself away and bolted down to the vault. If the room lived up to its name, Anna would be safe once inside. If… I make it!
  
The vault turned out to be a massive rectangular space and featuring a thick door that looked to be impenetrable. A shame that it did not budge when she tugged on the inside latch, although in her weakened state, that was not surprising.
Certain that the ghouls would catch up with her soon, Anna stepped into the steel walled room. Her eyes scanned over every part of this chamber, but nothing went against the theme of the facility. I’d kill for a lever or a big red button…
“That would be too easy…” Anna said before letting out a deep sigh.
She was tempted to just give up and wait for those things to catch up. However, something Evelyn said about the nature of this facility’s addition floated up from the depths of her murky mind. Now why would that make a difference?
“What do I have to lose?” Anna wondered in defiance of her own logic.
Anna centred herself between the four support columns and waited. That last part was about to be a problem because the sound of footsteps echoed throughout the vault with growing intensity. Why can’t any of this be easy?
On cue, the vault door closed on its own. Anna watched intently even as several hands reached for the inside plate in an attempt to halt the door’s progress. That proved foolish since it did not slow even as it severed flesh and bone. Fortunately, this room was soundproofed and spared her from being exposed to the cries of agony that followed.
“Living matter detected,” a male disembodied voice said.
Green beams, similar to those encountered in the arc’s airlock, appeared from out of the four pillars and focused on her. They flowed over every part of her body and evoked a sense of dread.
“Processing,” the flat male voice said. “Species: human. Chromosome pairing type: XX.”
The similarities in response were astonishing given the wildly different facilities. Once again, Anna was tempted to correct what was said but figured this one was just as uninterested in her input.
“Antibody responses within acceptable parameters,” the voice said.
Again, more of the same. So why were the contents of her stomach turning sour?
“Warning. Detecting a sixteen percent genetic drift from baseline,” the voice said.
Anna’s eyes went wide upon hearing something new. Wait! Why is the system telling me that I’m less human than the last time?
Before she could mull over the ramifications, the tracker she carried began to vibrate. She pulled it out of her pocket just in time to see a stream of information fly off the screen.
“Remote connection initiated… key exchange complete… command override accepted,” the voice said. “Drift now within parameters.”
Her eyes widened when the device blanked out. Gee. How fortunate that I end up with a device that grants me clearance…
“Cardiac, circulatory, and respiratory systems… elevated evaluation due to stress,” the voice said.
“Scan complete, pre-sets accepted. Welcome back, Commander Anna Coralia,” a disembodied female voice said.
“Back?” Anna asked, completely confused. “Cor—”
Up ahead, a seam formed from within the steel floor, increasing in size until a new access point was available. She immediately noticed that this tunnel was seamless and that all the surfaces were a pure white. In fact, it was so bright that Anna had to squint just to avoid getting a headache.
Anna shook her head, rolled her eyes towards the rusty ceiling, and blew some air straight up towards her eyebrows. The only thing that accomplished was fogging up the inside of her mask which further shortened her fuse.
“I better get some fucking answers,” Anna swore.

CHAPTER 23
WITNESS
  
As soon as Anna set foot on the ramp, a red light appeared at her side. Before she could locate the source, it shifted down by a metre at a time until it disappeared in the distance.
“Follow the red path,” the voice said.
Anna noticed the red light reappear behind her to begin the cycle anew. Given the lack of options, Anna went with the flow. Where else am I going to go?
This section was a radical departure from the original levels. Everything above was sectional, defined and artificial, whereas this area appeared to have been fashioned from a single continuous piece. Oddly enough, this reminded her of that hidden room back at the saloon.
“What am I doing down here?” Anna asked.
During the whole of this journey, not once did Anna have an opportunity to analyse what was going on. Ulia was either supposed to be here already or on her way. How were they planning to get her down here?
“Wait!” Anna spat out. “Did we actually get ahead of them?”
Was she simply supposed to observe until they arrived? Intervene? How? Why was she urging me to get here?
Before she could go around the buoy on the subject, the floor levelled out, and she ran into a translucent wall with a red glow. On her left, seams formed into the shape of a billboard and slid open to reveal an opening. Now the red glow changed to an animated wave that directed her towards the doorway.
“Please, proceed to decontamination,” the voice said.
Anna looked through the doorway and noticed an expansive space covered with spouts and drains. As she stepped past the bulkhead, the door sealed itself shut. Meanwhile, a solid red circle appeared on the deck in the dead centre of the room.
“Please, step into the circle,” the voice boomed.
The room came to life once she did as requested. First, water came out of the spigots, generating a thick cloud of vapour that blinded her. All she saw were droplets forming on her mask which built up until they streaked off. If Anna had not known better, she would have assumed that she was underwater.
The flow of water eventually slowed to a trickle, permitting Anna to hear the drains. That was when she realised that every surface was soaked.
Anna was not sure what decontamination meant but figured out it was an invasive process. It also turned out that this was the first-step, one of many and after every operation, the room adjusted its configuration to fit the expected role.
When she was instructed to disrobe, Anna noticed that a cubby hole had formed into the seamless wall, likely for her clothes. It was fortunate that the system was not aware that she kept her silver pin, spear tip, firearm, magazines, and the electronic tracker tucked away near where the entrance had been. Otherwise all of those items would have been lost.
Still, being naked and alone as the system poked and prodded her with high-pressure jets was as unpleasant as it sounds. No one should ever be made to feel like they are at the mercy of a machine, one that could just as easily fill the room with water and boil her up like a lobster.
Despite her fears, the worst-case scenario never materialised. Instead, a bench and an entirely new cubby appeared.
“Decontamination complete,” the voice said. “Please, don your uniform prior to vacating the premises.”
Anna hesitated before approaching, leery of what a machine assumed was appropriate attire. What she found was a stack of clothes with a coarse texture, at least when compared to the stuff Evelyn provided her. Just beside it, she found a towel, the function of which initially confused her because it did not appear to fit anywhere on her body. Lucky for her, she realised that it was kept apart for a reason and used it to wipe herself down.
She quietly donned the all-black attire. Everything appeared to fit well enough except for the bra and the collar of her buttoned shirt. Both were far too tight. Fortunately, she found a way to loosen the shoulder straps and opted to leave the top button undone. I like to keep my gills uncovered.
As though on cue, the door she came from reopened. However, before leaving, she affixed the pin to her shirt and shook off the water that remained before pocketing the rest.
“Not like I need to get wet again,” Anna said to break the silence. “Well, as long as I’m here.”
This time, there were red walls on both sides, and the waves converged on the centre. Without any audible instructions, Anna moved to the centre of the space which caused the wall on her left to be absorbed by the ceiling.
“Follow the red path,” the voice said.
“Thank you,” Anna said in a biting tone. “What would I do without your advice?”
Anna was not surprised by the lack of an answer. The system made assumptions, otherwise, she would have been disarmed. Still, it would have been nice to get some sort of feedback…
  
For the first five-hundred steps or so, the hallway was straight and unyielding. There were no defining characteristics in the bulkheads, decks and deckheads. Everything was seamless and a bright white. Even the light source was impossible to pinpoint; it was as though every surface was set alight.
If not for the red arrows, Anna would have wandered on aimlessly. That general malaise did not change when the passageway curved for some distance before straightening out again. In fact, it was not until she saw curvature at both ends that a glowing red wall blocked her path.
“Operations room,” the voice said before a door on her right appeared. “Please, report to the duty officer for a debriefing and orders.”
Unlike decontamination, there would have been no lighting if it were not for the various consoles and displays within. With no other options, Anna walked up to the opening, took a deep breath, and stepped inside.
  
The first thing Anna noticed upon entering operations was the sound of a human voice. It turned out to be a lone woman, and there was a great deal of urgency in her voice when she spoke. Still, she was unable to make it out clearly. Why is it so familiar?
“Distress?” Anna asked herself, when this message from the heavens repeated.
Curious, Anna moved forward, searching for signs of life, but this place was deserted. Unlike the museum levels, this addition looked as though it had never been occupied. Has this station been waiting for someone to arrive? All this time?
“…this is space station Zeta,” the static-filled voice said.
Anna figured out that the intermittent sound came from a large console. Just ahead, there was a display—massive really—which could be seen clearly from any part of this deck.
She focused on those eyes and noted they were wide and wild. The bags under her eyes indicated she was exhausted and under a great deal of stress. The sight of that tear-streaked face caused Anna’s heart to break, but she remained in awe of their focus. She must have gone through hell just to get this message out.
Before the message could be played in its entirety, the slider shifted to another spike. Anna could not be sure what the graphic represented, but there was a long line, populated with an occasional peak of varying width and height. Just below, there was a notch centred on a particular band.
This time, it was a man with a face caked in blood and dirt. Any clean patch of visible skin showed signs of irritation as though he was reacting to something. The voice was low and hoarse, and it was clear that every word caused him a lot of pain.
“Do not board… station has been… exposed… to a muta… extra-terrestrial origin…” the man said.
The signal switched yet again, and this time while Anna was greeted by silence the video told her everything. The eyes were blood red, and the surrounding tissue was puffy and bruised. Blood had crystallised along the tear ducts, ears, and nose. This person’s skin was covered in a thick layer of frost.
Before the video cut out, Anna noticed a body floating by. The injuries to their bodies made it impossible for her to make out any identifying features. Whatever happened, it must have been fast.
The interruptions continued after a defined amount of time. It turned out that not every signal originated from above because she noticed some of the underwater habitats featured in ads. However, no one there was speaking a language she understood.
It did not matter if the speakers mentioned riots, accidents, reactor failures, or pandemics. The common theme for every broadcast was death. It was difficult for Anna to not feel overwhelmed. She was the witness to the final moments of dozens of people, those who represented humanity’s best hope for survival. Every one of them had been silenced for centuries.
“That explains Evelyn,” Anna whispered.
Anna knew from what Evelyn said back at the arc that these were ghosts, and she found solace in death. That knowledge gave her a small measure of comfort because there was nothing to be done.
Evelyn had been there when these stations broadcasted their last messages. It would be like seeing the death of everyone in her village, but instead of crossing the veil to join them, she was cursed to live on.
She imagined that the first few deaths would be traumatising. However, before the last inhabitant died, Anna would have long since grown numb, left unable to feel anything.
“How did she pull through?” Anna asked.
It was impossible for her to comprehend the isolation Evelyn must have felt when that last outpost fell silent. To be exposed to so much death and destruction was bad enough, but how could anyone live on once they realised there was no one left? All I had to focus on was finding Ulia.
“Focus…” Anna uttered.
On their way to the surface, there had only been one message looping over and over. That forced her to question why this particular message was so deserving.
“Why would you focus on a single voice for over a century?” Anna asked absentmindedly.
“Because that was to be our new home,” Evelyn replied sternly.
Before Anna had the time to even turn around, Evelyn pushed her aside to gain access to the console. She then tapped on the slider until it glowed green and then dragged it to a specific peak. That haggard face returned to the monitor.
It took a moment for Anna’s mind to consolidate what happened. Not only did Evelyn manage to pass through all of those security measures and decontamination, but she also approached completely undetected. Why does that last part worry me?
“Our?” Anna asked since that appeared to be the fulcrum of that statement.
“My… protector, mentor, and saviour,” Evelyn said while interacting with the display. “Until I ended up getting marooned on this dying rock, we had been together for nearly four-hundred years.”
“Uplink to Zeta established,” the disembodied voice said.
Evelyn interacted with the console, bringing up pictures and schematics before adjusting parameters and moving on to the next. While the vampire was familiar with the interface, some of the supplemental screens required more time to decipher before moving on.
Anna watched in awe while contemplating the significance of being in a relationship that endured for so long. She found it impressive when merfolk had been together for the entirety of her lifetime. Heck, her friends would celebrate a fellow mermaid when they had been dating someone for a week…
“You’re trying to save them?” Anna asked after realising that every interaction and half-truth uttered had been to lead her here.
Evelyn giggled before replying, “Him… actually.”
“Auxiliary power restored,” the computer said. “Warning. Life support systems nominal.”
“You are trying to save—” Anna said.
“Marc… no… our time has passed,” Evelyn said and slid the seat over to get comfortable.
“Not here to save…” Anna asked, but trailed off before finishing the question, because she was not certain that she was ready for an answer.
“I’m afraid not,” Evelyn said without those soothing musical intonations.
“Then—” Anna said.
“We are here for you,” Evelyn said.
“Me?” Anna asked, her voice bordering on a shriek.
Evelyn nodded before motioning for Anna to sit down. Anna shook her head in defiance, sick of all of these games. It was about time that she got some answers. How can I trust anything this one says?
“Well, who else is going to lead human—” Evelyn said.
“I’m not human!” Anna interrupted. “I’m a merm—”
“Ma chère,” Evelyn said, “We are here because of that, and because of you, humanity has a fighting chance.”
“I’m not—” Anna repeated.
“Ulia was a mermaid,” Evelyn said. “Eventually, her progeny would have lost higher reasoning and ended up as food… that’s why she was drawn to the white light.”
It was as though she had been pinched by a lobster. Every exposure to white light was done for a reason, a test to prove that she was more human than the average fish. Even Essa had warned her not to use the flashlight around the others. She knew!
“It’s about time that you come to terms with the fact that you are a child of humanity… a smart and beautiful one at that… and that you have a vital role to play in the rebirth of your species.”
“Why can’t you—” Anna asked.
“Because I am tired,” Evelyn said. “I have seen so much death, so much destruction. The world needs better… they need you!”
A lone tear fell from Evelyn’s pristine cheek. The vampire reached up and felt the path over which it passed. From Anna’s standpoint, she seemed shocked that it actually happened.
“Until you showed up, I figured that I was too dead inside to shed—” Evelyn said.
“Evelyn?” A male voice interrupted.

CHAPTER 24
THE BIG PICTURE
  
Evelyn paused mid-sentence as a big smile brightened her face. She took a deep breath as though she were about to yell out his name, but froze as soon as she set eyes on the screen.
Up to that point, Anna had been focused entirely on Evelyn and only looked up after that signature smile faded. The wide eyes and quivering lower lip told her that something was wrong.
With just a glance, Anna assumed that her mind was fucking with her again. So, she rubbed her eyes and hoped the horror before her would vanish. Alas, the long white hair, pale sunken eyes, and skin with the consistency of driftwood defined his appearance. If this man had not spoken, she would have guessed this was another corpse floating out in space.
“…Marc?” Evelyn whispered, and despite being right beside the vampire, Anna barely heard it.
The man nodded, and the sound his skin made as he moved evoked memories of breaking in her leather jumpsuit. The combination of these visual and auditory effects bordered on the horrific.
Death becomes me, Evelyn told Anna before leaving the arc.
As that line echoed in her mind, she realised that there were two corpses in front of her. The difference was that Evelyn managed to escape the ravages of time.
“What’s left of me,” Marc managed to say, while his lips bled from the cracked skin.
“You need a bit of… fresh air, mon cher,” Evelyn said after regaining a modicum of composure.
“That ran out one-hundred-and-fourteen years ago,” Marc replied.
By the second exchange, Anna realised how this man’s method of speaking unnerved her. Every word was precisely timed and completely devoid of emotion. This cold and calculated mannerism was deeply disturbing and made Evelyn’s flat tone seem bubbly in comparison.
The man’s eyes somehow appeared to focus on Anna, a phenomenon that further contributed to her malaise. It took all that she had to ignore the tingling sensation that ran down her spine and not make a run for it.
“It’s time,” Marc said.
In response, Evelyn bit her lower lip because she was unable or unwilling to articulate what needed to be said. Anna could tell there was a lot left between them to talk about, but the elder decreed that it was time to move on. What’s a few minutes for someone who has been waiting centuries?
Both Evelyn and Marc looked at their displays. Whereas Evelyn’s movements were fluid and practised, her counterpart’s were hesitant. From Anna’s point of view, it seemed like he was struggling to wake up from a deep sleep.
Without warning, several lights dropped down from off the ceiling. When the last one locked into place with a loud cha-chink, they lit up the room, bathing it in yellow light.
“Condition yellow. Warning! Standby. Initialising the NORAD planetary defence grid,” the computer said.
On the station a similar effect unfolded, but Marc silenced it entirely. The timing of these events meant that this was more than a mere coincidence.
“What are you… doing?” Anna asked.
In the back of her mind, she wondered why Ulia’s abductors were on their way here.
“We need to reset the board,” Evelyn replied while remaining focused on the console.
“Order acknowledged,” the computer chimed. “Missile batteries Alpha-One, Alpha-Six…”
Anna’s mind tuned out the computer’s voice as it droned on incessantly. The list was extensive, which was either a good thing or bad thing, depending on the final words. Either way, none of this sounded like a weather report or what happened since they last spoke.
“Reset the board?” Anna repeated due to her unfamiliarity with that expression.
“If this works,” Evelyn said, “The Georgians, their fucking fog, and the creatures of myth and nightmare will be gone.”
“…Foxtrot-Niner-Niner…” the computer went on.
How could anyone oppose bringing about an end to the fog and those who cursed the world with it? After all, this phenomenon was the reason that Anna and her ilk lived underwater. Why are these words scaring the shit out of me?
“How?” Anna asked while unconsciously reaching for the grip of her pistol.
“Fire,” Evelyn replied.
“Fire?” Anna immediately repeated.
As usual, Evelyn was evasive. While her queries were answered, she was denied the depth and breadth needed to understand. For what purpose?
“…Hotel-Two-Three…” the computer went on while Anna mulled over the word fire and how it applied.
If this exchange was truly innocuous, Evelyn would explain it. That explanation would come with a lot of giggling, smiles, and probably even a bit of flirting… all to set my mind at ease…
“Error,” the station’s computer said. “Optimal firing solution—”
“Compensate and prioritise primary targets,” Marc directed.
“…Golf-Seven-One…” their computer added.
“You’re going to kill everyone—” Anna said.
“Well, everyone on the surface,” Evelyn said with her usual musical tones, a stark contrast to the depravity of that statement. “Mon cher, what percentage are you at?”
“How can you—” Anna said.
“Displays indicate that ninety-two-point-six per cent of weapons systems are functional on the orbital platforms that spooled up,” Marc replied. “You?”
“It’s a mess down here,” Evelyn said. “Systems are failing their self-tests, the doors won’t open, or at least, don’t respond to commands… so far, I’m at seven per cent availability.”
“…Juliette-Four-Three…” the computer continued.
“You expected any better?” Marc asked.
“Sadly, yes…” Evelyn said. “I overestimated their need to have the last—”
“Stop!” Anna exclaimed.
Marc ignored the mermaid and asked, “What’s this supplementary target list you sent up?”
“Georgian sites,” Evelyn said.
“…Kilo-One-One-Seven…” the computer rhymed off.
“I said—” Anna yelled.
“Kinetic warheads?” Marc asked.
Marc was speaking of weapons made with depleted uranium that were launched from orbit and accelerated to several times the speed of sound. Other than burning out the residual fuel, these weapons were inert but designed to mimic the devastation caused by a meteor strike.
“ENOUGH!” Anna screamed, loud enough that her voice cracked.
Evelyn paused and lifted her hands off the console. Prior to doing so, she glanced at the monitor. Marc was silent, but held up a hand with his fingers spread apart.
Anna watched as Evelyn swivelled in her seat to face the mermaid. Both were surprised. Anna, when she caught that strained smile, and Evelyn, when she noticed the weapon. Even though armed, the latter did not appear concerned about this shift in power.
“…November-Three-Niner…” the computer carried on.
“You are not going… to do this,” Anna squeaked, her throat hoarse after the initial outburst.
“Vraiment?” Evelyn said before giggling.
“Stop…” Anna pleaded, “…please.”
“Why?” Evelyn asked.
“…Oscar-One-One…” the computer rattled on.
“It’s not… right?” Anna asked, unsure if her message was getting through.
“Huh. So, you condone ghouls impregnating women to ensure a steady source of food?” Evelyn retorted.
“…no,” Anna replied.
“Do you condone the attempts made by an alien race to commit planetary genocide?” Evelyn pressed.
“…no,” Anna said.
“…Oscar-Six—” the computer added on.
“You want those… highborns to turn feral?” Evelyn asked before a wry smile appeared on her face.
…more fish than human, Evelyn once said.
That had been her first clue, one of many that shed light on what Evelyn believed to be true. Anna had been too distracted to put it all together, let alone grasp the scope of it.
She did notice these behaviours in the wild, but was too blinded by her desire to be one of them to notice or care. The highborns’ behaviour got worse with every generation, but they needed their tailed brethren to survive… or so we thought.
“That can’t be true,” Anna replied, challenging her own logic because in her heart, it was all wrong.
Evelyn glanced at the screen long enough to count four fingers. Anna did not like the fact that time was against her.
“True mermaids were created by Georgian corroborators,” Evelyn said while mimicking a double quote with both hands when the first word was uttered. “They believed they were saving humanity, but Georgians made sure this new species would never become a threat—”
“You… can’t know this!” Anna challenged, subconsciously resting her finger against the trigger.
“Breanna told me…” Evelyn replied. “Multiple times… her clones loved to brag—”
“Where is Ulia?” Anna asked after deciding it was time to find out, even just to get an idea of the scale of Evelyn’s deceptions.
“…Romeo-Seven-One…” the computer added.
“O Romeo, Romeo. Wherefore art thou Romeo?” Evelyn chimed before following through with a giggle.
After her attempt at humour fell flat, Evelyn glanced at the weapon before looking Anna straight in the eyes. Despite the mermaid’s threatening behaviour, there was no hint of concern. What does she know?
“I traded her to Breanna as a peace offering,” Evelyn said. “That’s why you got safe passage—”
Anna remembered how that deranged redhead mentioned wanting to dissect her. With access to a more pure sample, why bother with someone so regressed from humanity? Unless it was to gauge how quickly we were being bred out of existence…
While her mind could wrap itself around Evelyn’s motivations, her heart refused to yield. Ulia was likely dead before Anna even regained consciousness in the arc. She had been nothing more than a herring, mindlessly swimming towards a trap. I still have no idea how deep this deception goes.
“…Tango-Niner-Zero…” the computer said.
“NO!” Anna yelled, but her vocal cords cracked, transforming what she said into a shriek.
Through her tear-streaked eyes, Anna fought past the pain in her shoulder, aimed with one hand, and pulled on the trigger. Instead of a click followed by a bang, she heard a dull thump. The disconnect made her blink repeatedly, and once her vision cleared, Anna realised that Evelyn was holding the top part of the slide. The vampire had interrupted the weapon’s firing sequence by using the meaty part between thumb and forefinger to hold back the hammer.
“Are you done?” Evelyn asked calmly, even as thick blood oozed from out of the point of contact.
“No,” Anna said.
Without warning, she slipped the spear tip from her pocket and plunged it into Evelyn’s chest. The vampire’s eyes were wide in shock, but despite brass sticking out of her chest, she did not appear worse for wear.
“…Yankee-Five-Five…” the computer rhymed off without care as to what was going on.
“She has spunk,” Marc said.
“That she does… and a lot to learn,” Evelyn said.
Evelyn gripped the pistol and tore it from Anna’s hand. Several breaths after being disarmed, Anna winced in pain, the delay brought on by the time needed for her mind to register what happened.
The vampire then followed through by snapping off the spear’s tip. That prevented Anna from making another attempt. Lastly, the wounds closed up until there were no signs of trauma.
“Two—” Marc said.
“I know—” Evelyn said.
“…Zulu-One-Two-Six… Ready for launch. Genetic confirmation required,” the computer said.
“Oh good,” Evelyn said. “You know. I really hoped that you’d be a willing participant.”
Instead of waiting for a reply, or even pleading for cooperation, Evelyn landed an uppercut on Anna’s jaw. The impact sent the mermaid flying through the air. Her lights were out before she hit the deck.
“So, now we do this my way,” Evelyn said while dragging the unconscious Anna to the console. “Ultimately, you are the linchpin to this plan, since the system requires a live genetic sample to activate.”
“One-minute-and—” Marc said.
“Thank you,” Evelyn snapped.
She plopped Anna onto the seat and guided the unconscious hand over the screen. Despite the dire warnings that came over the intercom, a failsafe remained. The system needed a live human to authorise further action. Alas, it was too late to reverse the process because automated defence systems from hostile nations were also spooling up.
Anna’s index finger slid across a control widget, and it changed to red. When Evelyn removed it from the screen, a brief animation detailed how the sample would be collected.
“Figures,” Evelyn said. “About as clear as photocopier maintenance procedures.”
She pressed Anna’s dominant hand into the far end of the arm rest. Three separate needles pierced her fingertips to collect a sample.
“Thirty—” Marc said.
“System armed,” the computer said. The equivalent was heard on the station just seconds later, on account of the time it took for a signal to cross the distance between them.
“Do you wish–” the computer said.
“Yes!” Evelyn yelled in annoyance.
“Yes,” Marc said without emotion.
“Acknowledged…” the computer replied.
Before either of them were able to add another word, the yellow light changed to a bright red. Their choice to render what remained of the surface to ash would not go unopposed.
“Warning. Multiple launches detected from sites in the Holy Russian Empire and Grand Chinese Protectorate,” the computer said.
“Warning. Missile defence system disabled,” the station’s computer said.
“Why are your defences disabled, mon cher?” Evelyn asked.
“Power systems were compromised when we retook the station,” Marc replied.
The visual was more impressive than the message. The video shook violently as a barrage of missiles were launched from Marc’s platform. While the camera and fitted equipment remained in place, everything not securely fastened shook violently, including Marc.
“You prioritised launching your armaments over survival?” Evelyn asked, her voice on the cusp of fading out entirely.
“We are already dead. Our bodies just need to be reminded of it,” Marc said.
“So, no regrets?” Evelyn asked while trying to prepare for what was about to happen.
Evelyn thought back on how Marc had always been devoid of emotion, and every move made was based on deliberate and calculated logic. When they first met, he had been the perfect gentleman: kind, caring and warm, but that had been nothing more than an elaborate act.
Despite his true nature, he was fiercely loyal, protective, and always encouraged Evelyn to take the lead. In truth, he depended on her connection with humanity to keep him from falling prey to his darker impulses. Vampires who gave into their instincts were no better than mindless killing machines to be put down without question.
“No regrets…” Marc said while watching for Evelyn’s response. When her eyes welled up with tears, he added, “…save one.”
“One?” Evelyn asked, interested enough that her entire demeanour glowed.
“…that I was never able to love you the way you deserved,” Marc said softly.
While those words were unexpected, it was the depth of emotion used to convey the message that truly shocked Evelyn. She rarely, if ever, heard him emote because they were always themselves when away from the public eye. This time, he used emotion to drive home his point.
“You were exactly what—” Evelyn said.
In the background of the video feed, a bright flash appeared outside the station. The last thing she witnessed before the image became saturated was Marc closing his eyes. She knew that he was at peace, and moments later, Signal Lost appeared on the screen.
Just below, on the console, other peaks along the spectrum flattened out. Every single one corresponded to a space station or the remnants of a human settlement.
It was hard to know for sure who was at fault, since some were struck by the counterattack. Still, that mattered little once all that fallout settled.
“Oh…” Evelyn whimpered, “…Marc.”
Unable to deal with all those pent-up emotions, Evelyn collapsed onto the console and cried until her body surrendered to the sweet oblivion of a dreamless sleep. In spite of the world being set aflame, in that moment, both of the girls were greeted by peace.

CHAPTER 25
ORIGIN OF THE SPECIES
  
Anna woke up alone with no idea of where she was. Despite her initial curiosity, light sensitivity and a roaring headache cleared her mind of such thoughts. While this was a new experience for her, it was one that she honestly could have passed on.
“Are you awake?” An unfamiliar voice asked, one reminiscent of the disembodied computer but with a hint of emotion.
Despite feeling ill, Anna turned to find the light source but reconsidered when her skull felt as though it would burst. Fuck! I wonder if this is how the highborns feel after indulging in too much puffer fish?
“Hello?” Anna cried out and immediately regretted doing so.
“Good morning, commander,” the voice replied.
“Commander?” Anna asked, although she had a vague memory of hearing that moniker recently.
How odd was it to be unable to pinpoint the source of that voice? It was as though the one speaking was everywhere in the room.
“Would you prefer it if I called you Anna?” The voice asked in return.
“Please,” Anna answered.
“Acknowledged, Anna,” the voice said.
That last statement was a big clue, one that her numbed mind struggled to piece together. In fact, Anna had to close her eyes to lessen the confusion brought on by pain.
“You’re… computer?” Anna asked.
“I’m the station’s autonomous response agent, hyperconverged,” the voice said. “Personnel posted to this station referred to me as SARAH for short.”
“Past tense?” Anna asked, although she found it difficult to follow along.
There was a noticeable pause before SARAH replied, “The last duty watch left this station one-hundred-and-thirteen years, seven months, two weeks, three days, eighteen hours, and six minutes ago. In accordance with standing orders, they placed me in autonomous mode before going topside.”
Anna had yet to discover that SARAH tended to be verbose with their response. That in itself turned out to be a bit of a mixed blessing. While information was forthcoming, it did come with a lot of noise.
“Where?” Anna asked after attempting to scratch her head and found that it had been bandaged.
“Where are you?” SARAH confirmed. However, the station computer provided the most likely response, “You are in this station’s sickbay.”
“Why?” Anna asked.
“You were brought in by the station’s commanding officer,” SARA replied. “Scans confirmed that you had an intracranial haemorrhage, and required medical intervention to relieve pressure on the—”
“Hit to… jaw—head?” Anna asked.
“That was my conclusion. A drone was assigned to dress the wound and administer anaesthesia along with an aggressive dosage of medical-grade nanites,” SARAH said.
“Wait…” Anna said as the fog lifted from her mind, “…commanding officer?”
“Yes ma’am,” SARAH said. “This station is currently under command of Admiral Ev—”
“Evelyn…” Anna repeated and was not surprised by this revelation.
“Correct, Anna,” SARAH said.
It was not difficult to believe that some, if not all of what happened to her, had been choreographed a bit like a doll dragged around by a youngling on an imaginary adventure. Only all of this is frighteningly real.
Still, one question lingered in her mind. Children did not need a reason to imagine themselves swimming out in the ocean with a pack of orcas or playing the role of the benevolent ruler. Evelyn was not a child, far from it, which made her wonder why so much effort had been expended into crafting such an elaborate journey? Why me?
Why did Evelyn drag her along? Was she even required? There must have been others like her… surface? Others… capable… strong… better…
“Anna,” SARAH said.
That name filtered through Anna’s mind as though she were underwater. Her mind and body were out of sync, and the misalignment worsened with every breath.
“Wake up!” SARAH said loud enough to wake the dead.
The shock of those words caused Anna’s eyes to shoot open which worsened her headache. Despite being awake, her mind struggled to figure out what happened.
“Apologies, Anna,” SARAH said. “I need you to stay awake until further notice.”
“Wha—” Anna said before swallowing hard. “Okay.”
“Would you prefer if we did something to help you stay awake?” SARAH queried.
“Yes,” Anna said, hoping that some sort of interaction would be preferable to repeatedly being startled awake.
“Do you have something in mind?” SARAH asked.
“…human… history,” Anna replied.
“Any particular period that you are interested—” SARAH inquired.
“No,” Anna replied. “Start from the beginning.”
  
That day, Anna learned that SARAH was a wealth of knowledge. The computer began with pre-history, going over the rise and fall of empires with names that she never heard of.
Despite the different names, they all shared common themes: a rise to power, stagnation, and an eventual fall. Sometimes the collapse was internal; in other instances, they were brought on by elements outside their control like death, famine, pestilence, and war. She also noticed that the world was filled with people who were willing and able to set the world aflame. That explains the Georgian collaborators that Evelyn spoke about.
  
After a couple of days, Anna was discharged and felt more like the mermaid she was. This time, SARAH had done away with the design elements used to obfuscate the hallway. That meant the openings and doorways were ever present and clearly marked.
Queries on this change led her to understand that this facility possessed several built-in features designed to thwart threats. While the list of potential threats was extensive, it included: Georgians, werewolves, vampires, and angels sent from beyond the afterlife.
That revelation led to a whole slew of questions related to these groups, for which SARAH could only tease an answer. Most of the research pertaining to such entities was either classified or unavailable to this facility’s AI prior to being placed in autonomous mode.
Autonomous mode also meant this facility only permitted humans to re-enter, based on a narrow set of criteria, the individual needed to be up to date on their inoculations, and have a genetic variance within acceptable limits. That included junk DNA that Georgians did not carry.
First and foremost, all the subject’s vitals had to be within tolerance, including the presence of living tissue. That explained why Evelyn needed Anna. The vampire was denied access to this facility until the command override was triggered. Wait. Where is Evelyn?
Anna had been too caught up in this treasure trove of information to realise someone was missing from the equation, an individual who owed her a lot of answers, even if SARAH managed to fill in some of the blanks.
“SARAH,” Anna said. “Where is Evelyn?”
“Evelyn is currently in the Operations Room,” SARAH replied.
Despite having passed by the Operations Room several times, Anna had not even glanced at the door. That was where untold amounts of death had occurred. All for what?
“SARAH,” Anna said. “Can you guess what Evelyn intended to do after I was knocked unconscious?”
“There is no need to surmise intent, Anna,” SARAH replied. “Secondary targets were linked to known Georgian signatures, while the remaining objectives were focused on the coastal regions, areas assessed as habitable due to the severely reduced concentrations of oxygen further inland.”
While that explained what was done, it did not justify the attack. SARAH was likely getting to the point; it just took the AI time to warm up.
“The latter corresponds to a scorched earth protocol designed to clear out areas overrun by non-human entities,” SARAH added.
That lined up with what Evelyn told her: a desire to reset the world, to give humanity a second chance.
“What is expected to follow… this scorched earth protocol?” Anna asked.
“Humans would return to Earth in order to repopulate,” SARAH said.
“Can humans return from… the stars?” Anna asked.
Every so often Anna asked a question that caused the computer to hesitate. The reason was not always obvious since such a pause also followed a request for the time. Anna did not understand that information systems like SARAH were sometimes busy with higher priority tasks.
In this instance, Anna expected a delay because this question demanded external input. She assumed that triggering the eradication protocol wreaked havoc on the landscape.
“Electronic support measures indicate there are no transmissions originating from any of the known orbital stations—” SARAH replied.
“Thank you, SARAH,” Anna said. “So, where would the humans come from?”
Anna smiled, expecting SARAH to waste a great deal of cycles to come up with a non-answer. After all, she was asking the computer to formulate an answer with nothing to go on.
“Where did you come from?” SARAH asked in return.
“I’m not human,” Anna countered.
“Genetic variation falls within the baseline. XX chromosome pairing. Mammalian. Warm blooded. Bipedal. Self-aware—” SARAH said.
“I’m a mer—” Anna tossed back.
“You display none of the genetic modifications necessary to classify as one,” SARAH answered, sounding smug for having the last word.
That answer left Anna with much to consider. Her entire identity had just been challenged, quite successfully at that. All those years spent hating herself and seeing the highborns as the apex of their society. I should have embraced who I was.
“That would explain why Evelyn said that I was beautiful,” Anna said.
“Was that a query, Anna?” SARAH said.
“No, SARAH,” Anna said. “I was busy self-actualizing.”
Unsure of what course to take, Anna nibbled on her lower lip while running through her options. In reality, she knew what needed to be done but dreaded facing Evelyn. After all, she had not seen flipper nor scale of her since the incident.
“SARAH,” Anna said. “Is Evelyn okay?”
“I detect no life signs nor any heat signatures within the Operations Room,” SARAH said.
“Oh,” Anna said as though pressure in the room had built-up, making it difficult to breathe.
Anna was, for the most part, marooned in an underground facility. Sure, there was food, and SARAH provided a limited form of company, but how would she find her way back to the sea without assistance? After triggering the scorched earth protocol, Anna imagined that conditions had changed above ground, and she would need assistance to acclimatise to the new reality.
“Please note that this is not abnormal for her kind,” SARAH added. “Motion sensors are picking up marginal levels of movement and sound.”
“It’s time,” Anna said after casting off the weight. “Thank you, SARAH.”
  
Being in the presence of Evelyn was a source of much consternation for Anna. She knew they were going to be trapped in here for a long time, but it was hard to ignore that world class mind fuck.
There were also plenty of reasons to be mad. Ulia was reason enough to walk away. Nevertheless, Anna was not the same wide-eyed merm—girl that left the village in search of riches and realised that Evelyn was too dangerous to ignore or attack head on.
The door opened noiselessly, and she stepped inside. For a moment, she was not sure why she felt disappointed to see this place intact. Why should it change?
Perhaps she figured that Evelyn would have ripped this place apart. She imagined the screens torn from their mounts, cabinets dented and deformed, not to mention, equipment tossed about as though a child had a hissy fit. That was what Anna imagined doing if she lost her Marc. Nothing. Not a damn thing has changed.
In spite of the eerie silence that made the air heavy, Anna made some headway. Avoidance was not an option because sooner or later, they would cross paths, and to be safe, Sara had to take the lead.
She found Evelyn slumped over the central console’s control surface. The large screen display that filled the room was blank, and there were no peaks visible on the slider. The messages from beyond the grave are gone.
“Evelyn?” Anna asked softly.
The other did not move a muscle nor respond. Had SARAH not warned her, she might have assumed that this corpse had moved on. However, there was no blood or external trauma… other than a casually discarded spear tip.
“I’m here if you want to—” Anna said.
“Leave,” Evelyn whispered.
Despite the softness of that voice, the emotion bundled within that single word packed a wallop. It was as though a raw nerve had been exposed, and given Evelyn’s proclivity for violence, it proved unwise to set her off. Without a doubt, this was a thinly veiled threat. All that’s missing is the threat.
“I—” Anna said before catching herself. “Good night.”
  
When the door to the Operations Room closed behind her, Anna leaned against the neighbouring wall and let out a deep sigh. The encounter had not turned out the way she had hoped or even dreaded. This effectively left Anna in a state of uncertainty, leaving her in limbo, and forced her to deal with the associated anxiety.
“How long can she stay like that?” Anna asked, while wondering if those would end up being her famous last words.

CHAPTER 26
THE SIREN’S CALL
  
Anna had no intention of giving up on Evelyn, despite her instincts saying otherwise. Between the lies, deception, the mind games, and Ulia’s fate, it was easy to stand back and watch the chief architect of all that despair sink to the depths. Still, leaving Evelyn behind was like living next to an unexploded bomb, and for Anna, it was far better to attempt to disarm the threat than to wake up one day with a set of fangs tearing at her throat.
Making it through that choreographed nightmare somehow left her better prepared to take on the world. Before leaving the village, it was Ulia who convinced her to go. Given the same choice today, Anna would have gone out on her own just to prove to the world what a lesser mermaid could do.
Once a day, she walked into the Operations Room and calmly approached Evelyn. Most of the time, she stood near the console in silence, waiting patiently for some sort of reaction. After twenty minutes, she would leave in silence, and on better days, was directed to leave.
Anna found it difficult to plan these visits due to the artificiality of time. Under the waves, time was a physical construct, even if it was nothing more than being aware of the peaks. Down here, lights turned on with need and messed with her perception of time.
Despite SARAH keeping time to a ridiculous degree of precision, Anna missed having a direct connection with it. Here, time was too synthetic and artificial for her mind to accept. This showed up in her sleep and left her exhausted despite eight continuous hours of it.
So, when she walked through the door to the Operations Room for the ninety-second time, Anna believed it was closer to the mid-twenties. I wonder how long I’ll have to wait before she tells me to fuck off.
“I chose to believe that Marc died a long time ago,” Evelyn said without moving a muscle.
Despite these words being uttered at a whisper, Anna heard every syllable. The silence in this room made it possible to pass gas and have it sound like an earthquake. To be honest, the latter would have been less surprising.
“One of many lifeless corpses floating in a vacuum,” Evelyn added. “All of those forgotten dead waiting for the planet’s gravitational pull to cremate their remains upon re-entry.”
Evelyn was sitting up by the time she finished that last bit. Given that the vampire still faced the large screen, Anna suspected her input was not required.
“That’s why I kept the comms system tuned to that particular frequency…” Evelyn said before taking a pause, struggling to deal with all that pent-up emotion. “A reminder that his ashes had yet to rain upon this Earth.”
Anna tried to imagine what the other was going through. With SARAH’s help, she now had a basic understanding of space stations and how their orbits decayed over time when circling closer to the planet.
The mermaid could not fathom how painful it would be to go through several lifetimes without ever knowing what happened to Uli, or Essa. Ultimately, Evelyn had been unable to grieve or move on, living in fear of what the truth might one day bring.
“Seeing him was both a blessing and a curse,” Evelyn said. “A common theme throughout my… lives.”
Anna could not help but perk up upon hearing something related to Evelyn’s past. How much will be the truth? How much will be made up of elaborate lies?
“I was cursed with life, struggling to eke out a meagre existence in a situation that few envied,” Evelyn said.
The curse of life? Anna could not remember anyone else referring to life as such. While she agreed that some were dealt a lesser hand… at least at first glance, such a descriptor seemed harsh.
“Marc is the one who freed me from the shackles of life,” Evelyn added. “He wanted nothing in return, even though I offered him all I had…”
“Had?” Anna asked.
Evelyn was not bothered by the question and simply nodded. Still, she used this interruption to mull over what to say next.
“Again, a blessing and a curse,” Evelyn replied. “He rejected my misplaced affections which crushed what remained of my heart. However, it left me open to discover the love of another woman.”
That certainly fit with what Onas mentioned. It also put into perspective all of those awkward stares.
“Instead, he taught me to read and write. Then he ensured that I was skilled at science and mathematics,” Evelyn added before turning to face Anna directly.
Anna did not say a word, but the pain and fatigue in those eyes was as plain to see as the nose on her face. Evelyn even looked a bit older. Notably, a few strands of white hair ran through her black mane.
Evelyn did not let Anna’s curious stare halt her discourse, “The arts came later, which I embraced wholeheartedly. Without his dedication and… love… I would have been buried in some unmarked grave centuries ago.”
How bad could life have been to wish for death? Just how toxic was human society? Why didn’t she have anyone to support her through that life?
“Once I asserted myself as an individual, our roles were reversed,” Evelyn said. “Initially, my humanity served as camouflage for Marc’s monstrous nature. In time, decisions were deferred to me because I considered the human element.”
Was that why she was chosen? Surely someone like Onas or another could have helped Evelyn reach this point. Anna was not the first remnant of humanity to wash up on Evelyn’s doorstep. Did she happen to be the one who showed enough promise to go the distance?
“Separately we were formidable,” Evelyn said. “Together we are—were a force to be reckoned with.”
Despite being apart for over two-hundred cycles, Evelyn had altered the course of history. Would she have been better off without her interference? Anna had to admit that those like her had a slim chance of survival without… intervention. Even now, we’ll need a lot of luck to pull through.
Still, Anna was taken aback by the change in the vampire’s appearance, but seeing her sire in an advanced state of decay left her a theory as to the cause. Should I be afraid?
“I’m fine, ma chère,” Evelyn said, as though suspecting what was running through Anna’s mind. “I have not fed since we were sealed in, and that takes its toll.”
Evelyn bit her lower lip and shivered before adding, “Honestly, my appetite is set on… something else for the moment.”
When Anna showed no signs of getting the hint, her lips shifted into a light pout.
“I don’t need to feed,” Evelyn said in a calm voice. “I’m a bit more resilient to hunger than my brethren. However, I can’t avoid ageing as long as I deny myself any sustenance.”
“Okay,” Anna said, despite being anything but alright.
Evelyn turned to face the screen one last time and blew a kiss. Her eyes lingered on the blank screen as though hoping beyond all reason that it would flicker back to life.
“Au revoir, mon amour,” Evelyn said.
  
Life at the facility was steered back into favourable seas once Evelyn was back at the helm. While SARAH was interactive and super informative, the vampire provided that random element that Anna needed to brighten her day.
Time became less of a burden, enabling those digital representations of time to slip away without notice. For lack of a better word, this was the old Evelyn.
They often spent hours in the wardroom talking about any topic that came to mind. While Anna gravitated towards queries on the life that was, Evelyn often focused on Essa and village life.
Both knew well enough to steer clear of subjects that invariably devolved into an emotional deluge. No matter, if one happened to step on an emotional landmine, the other was there for much needed comfort… something SARAH was ill suited for.
One of the first things Evelyn addressed was her wardrobe. Those drab black uniforms were replaced by skirts, dresses, and in time, sleek and sexy outfits.
Anna later learned that Evelyn had stumbled upon a sewing machine in one of the maintenance rooms. The ability to modify outfits was limited only by her imagination, as long as she imagined the designs to be made of black or white fabric.
After a couple of weeks cooped up together, Anna realised that Evelyn would not regain her youthful appearance. While they shared meals, Anna knew that there was an ingredient missing from the vampire’s diet.
In spite of Evelyn not mentioning her hunger, Anna was leery of being the sole source of nutrition in this facility. SARAH had limited information on their kind, but blood played a big part in their culture. Still, Evelyn insisted that she could do without. It’s not like she ever lied to me…
  
Life carried on like this for months, varied only by Evelyn’s chaotic nature. Until one day SARAH chimed up without being prompted. For Anna, this was entirely unsettling because the computer only did that when there was something to be concerned about.
“Good morning, Evelyn,” SARAH said.
“Yes, SARAH?” Evelyn responded.
“I’ve detected a siren’s call,” SARAH replied.
“Single contact?” Evelyn asked.
“Negative, Evelyn,” SARAH said.
“…oh good!” Evelyn exclaimed before grabbing onto Anna’s arm. “We’ll be right there.”
Anna just went along with it, because it was easier to give into Evelyn’s flights of fancy than demand an explanation. In this case, it proved wise because she got right to the point.
“Sirens are mythical creatures that were said to lure sailors to their deaths,” Evelyn said. “Their haunting songs led ships and their crews onto the rocky shores of their island. Apparently, all for a bit of fresh meat… odd… since luring men is not really all that challenging.”
Such stories were often told at the village. While they were descended from human beings, their physical appearance often led merfolk to embrace such legends instead of those that featured humans.
“The Odyssey,” Anna replied.
“Very good,” Evelyn replied before smiling. “Scientists later surmised that marine mammals were the likely source of these songs… although one would need to be pretty drunk… or desperate… to mistake such animals for women.”
Despite having walked around this circular hallway thousands of times, Anna noticed a ramp that led deeper into the complex, and unsurprisingly, Evelyn acted as though it had always been there. I wonder why SARAH never told me about it? Probably because I never asked…
“Manatees?” Anna replied.
“Excellent, ma chère,” Evelyn said. “Although in this particular case, I believe we are dealing with beluga whales.”
Anna recognised the name, but had never seen one. Those gifted with a tail were known to hunt marine mammals to cut down on competition for limited fish stocks. Why would Evelyn be excited about a pod of whales?
“Why?” Anna asked before realising that she dropped such a vague question.
“There are settlements further inland than yours,” Evelyn said. “Since those are mostly made up of humanoids, they developed a… symbiotic relationship with them.”
Anna furrowed her brow, confused as to why a community of merfolk would do so. After all, that had to be a strain on the local fish stock?
“Onas is from such a group, and they are, by necessity, nomadic,” Evelyn said as they reached the next level.
Their final destination remained unclear until a familiar scent woke her senses. They were near a source of salt water which evoked images of home in her mind.
“These gentle creatures enabled them to cover great distances and allowed the merfolk to establish new hunting grounds,” Evelyn said.
Anna could not fathom domesticating such creatures, nor was it possible for her to imagine them allowing her to grab onto their fins and hang on for the ride. That would have come in handy on our trip to the airport.
They came upon a door composed of thick glass and metal. Beyond, everything was dark except for a shimmering of the light that she was very familiar with. Wait! I’ve been this close to water all this time? She never thought to tell me?
“Why did—” Anna began.
The door turned like an oversized cog and made such a racket that it cut her off. With the door embedded into the wall, the overhead lights illuminated a large room with a circular pool. The smell of brine reminded her of how much she longed for the sea.
“Touch the water,” Evelyn said while venturing in deeper.
With no reason to object, Anna did as asked and felt a tingle of cold shoot up through her finger. The water was much colder than expected which struck her as particularly odd, seeing as water back home rarely varied in temperature.
“Cold?” Anna asked, which in hindsight seemed like a silly thing to say.
Evelyn giggled before answering, “About half-a-degree cooler than you are accustomed to.”
Such a drop did not seem like much, but that would be a problem after extended exposure. So, Evelyn didn’t want to tell me because the water was unsafe?
“Do you remember when we talked about the winter sun setting early?” Evelyn asked.
“Yes,” Anna said with a nod. The memory of spending a night out alone certainly burned that detail into her memory.
“Without the fog to maintain a constant temperature, winter took hold,” Evelyn said. “I expect that even now, there is residual ice on the surface.”
“Ice?” Anna asked, a bit surprised that the climate had changed that much in such a time.
Evelyn nodded, “It was not uncommon back in my day to have a metre or two of ice covering rivers and lakes.”
“So why are we here?” Anna asked.
Evelyn moved to the far end of the room to open up a series of lockers. They were chock full of diving gear and the same equipment she wore on her adventure.
“Because your chariot has arrived,” Evelyn said with a smile.
Anna could not help but smile in return since the idea of going back to the sea made her muscles twitch. She had been cooped up in this place for far too long and looked forward to giving her lungs a break.
She walked along the lockers until she came across a set that suited her. She immediately unbuttoned her top layer, before slipping off her t-shirt. As expected, she caught Evelyn watching every move as though she was performing a slow and sensual dance.
For a moment she considered keeping on her sports bra and panties but assumed they would be unnecessary. Besides, Anna had a hunch that someone might enjoy the show. So, every last strip of human decency was cast away, and for once, she felt pretty good about putting herself on display.
“Ma douce déesse,” Evelyn said while shivering. “You are simply delectable.”
Anna blushed and noticed that heat was radiating from her cheeks. This appeared to excite Evelyn even more, and upon realising the depth of her awkwardness, they both laughed.
“Merci, ma chère,” Evelyn said. “It’s not easy to appreciate the beauty of a woman when one only has a mirror.”
Anna had been tempted to delve into that statement but thought better of it. Evelyn had been alone a long time, and Anna recognised those same doubts lingering in the vampire’s eyes. Her entire life had been spent fretting over a body image that was impossible to achieve, but a bit of appreciation did wonders for the soul.
“…welcome?” Anna asked in return.
Evelyn giggled before walking over to Anna. The gentle sway of those hips, the fluid motion of those legs, and the suggestive curl of her smile hinted that there was no threat. Not like I could stop her anyhow…
The vampire placed her arms around the mermaid’s hips while her eyes drifted from the very top of Anna’s forehead all the way down to her toes. Evelyn bit her lower lip, let out a soft gasp, and shivered. By design, Anna felt the authenticity of it.
“I’m going to miss you,” Evelyn said before forcing Anna to come down to her level so she could kiss both cheeks.
This only made Anna blush more, forcing her to resist the urge to see how far this blush had spread. Still, her mind cleared when Evelyn broke away and clasped her hands behind her back to push her chest front and centre. The things she can do with uniforms and bed linen…
“You are not coming with me?” Anna asked despite knowing the answer.
“Non,” Evelyn replied. “I would not survive the trip, constantly under threat from the sun. Besides, I’m tired.”
“So, what will you do?” Anna asked, while figuring out how to get into her diving gear.
“Sleep,” Evelyn said. “Hopefully, dream of my past loves and conquests… I may even dream of you, my goddess of the sea.”
While Anna desperately wanted to believe those words, she sensed something was missing. Evelyn was a remnant of humanity’s past and could be invaluable in helping their community establish a foothold on the surface. However, despite all the lies, Evelyn’s use of the word tired rang true.
“Will we see each other again?” Anna asked.
“Never say never,” Evelyn replied and put on a strained smile as though trying her best to hold back the tears.
“I will… cherish… our time together,” Anna said.
“That’s—” Evelyn said before closing her eyes to further stem the tide. After a few moments of controlled breathing, she reopened her watery eyes and said, “Merci.”
Evelyn approached once more to help Anna with a few stubborn details to secure the suit, and lastly, affixed the pin to her vest. When their eyes met, they smiled nervously. Despite all that happened, neither was prepared to sever their ties.
“All set,” Evelyn said. She then reached into a locker behind her and pulled out a knife before adding, “You may need this.”
“Thank you,” Anna said. “I’ll—”
“When you get down to the bottom of the shaft, you’ll be able to swim the length of the tunnel all the way to open waters,” Evelyn said.
It was clear that Evelyn needed to move this forward. They had grown dependent on one another, but they were out of time. The sirens were calling out to her, as was the sea. Anna needed to start the next leg of her journey.
“With some help, you’ll thrive back at the arc,” Evelyn said.
“Why?” Anna asked.
“A long winter is coming,” Evelyn said. “Onas will be waiting for you to welcome a group of survivors. You’ll be able to wait out the winter in relative safety. Take the opportunity to learn, work, and love…”
“Why me?” Anna asked.
“Because you are the one that reminded me why humanity deserves a second chance,” Evelyn said. “Now go… before I beg you to stay.”
“What about Ulia…” Anna asked while the words second chance echoed throughout her mind.
Without thinking it through, Anna raised her hand and slapped Evelyn hard against the cheek. The snap was vicious and echoed throughout the chamber. Still, the vampire remained unphased. Anna realised that the only reason her hit connected was due to Evelyn’s cooperation.
“That was for—” Anna said.
“I deserved that,” Evelyn interrupted before backing away to the bulkhead.
Anna stood there in shock at what she had done, fearful that the vampire would retaliate. When it became clear that Evelyn was not going to make a move, she changed her focus to the shimmering pool of water and sighed. After taking a few breaths to calm her heart, she hopped off the edge, and dove into the cold water.
The splash created a series of ripples which persisted as Anna descended into the depths. Evelyn stood there, fixated on the pool until the surface reflected back her green eyes.
She wiped a tear from her cheek and retreated back into the station. Without being prompted, SARAH secured the bulkheads, isolating the station from the outside world.

CHAPTER 27
ADDENDUM
  
It’s as quiet as a tomb…” Evelyn said, but the echo from those words did nothing to improve her mood.
She turned to face the mirror in her quarters and gazed upon her reflection. She was a little worse for wear which was expected considering how long it had been since she last fed. Blood was the cure to all that ailed her, but she was fresh out of sources.
“Either way, I’ve lost my appetite,” Evelyn said.
She had taken more than her fair share of lives over the centuries. Before this all began, Evelyn would salivate at the thought of leaving a gruesome crime scene behind for an unfortunate soul to find. She loved to traumatise investigators and leave them scarred by what they witnessed. The thing was, there was no one left to appreciate her art anymore.
“Evelyn, the last section of the tunnel is sealed,” SARAH said.
“Merci, ma chère,” Evelyn replied before exiting onto the main concourse.
Struggle is what defined her life, either surviving on the streets as a courtesan, or learning to live with a man devoid of emotions. After gaining a degree of independence, struggles were defined by the ever-growing list of threats, those that invariably cropped up with time when power was amassed.
Ever since getting marooned on Earth, Evelyn had plotted and schemed to ensure that humanity came out ahead. The Georgian threat had been more of a malady, one that would have turned chronic without intervention. Such a diagnosis would have relegated the human race to a thin layer of plastic waste wedged between the geological strata.
To fight off an infection this severe, Evelyn had to force the immune system to react. In this case, induce a fever that bathed the world in fire. Now that her plan had come to fruition, Evelyn felt a tremendous sense of loss.
It was her desire to succeed that kept her grounded all this time. In contrast, most of her brethren opted to sleep through all this chaos and destruction. These vestigial levers of power were squirrelled away in long forgotten crypts and were convinced that they would find a plentiful hunting ground once they emerged. Hubris. Like an ostrich burying its head in the sand.
Georgian agents knew better than to let such threats be forgotten in the sands of time. They had been tracked down and dispatched with ease, all except for a particularly tenacious few, those who whispered their wishes into the ears of unknowing followers… most assumed these directives came from the deepest reaches of their souls.
“SARAH,” Evelyn said. “Did you have sufficient inventory to engage my tertiary targets?”
“Yes, Evelyn,” SARAH said. “All tertiary targets were hit, even though there were no signs of activity or any energy signatures.”
With any luck, the next wave of humanity would spread out over these lands with nothing to fear with both major threats gone. Anna’s descendants might have a chance to forge their own path. Well, almost all gone.
Without a grand plan to enact, Evelyn contemplated how long she had before losing her grip on reality. She was well aware that an insane or feral vampire, one completely disconnected from their humanity, posed an unimaginable threat if unearthed.
Evelyn turned around, looked straight through the bulkheads, and closed her eyes. Even trapped within this infernal tomb, her intuition remained a finely tuned instrument.
“SARAH,” Evelyn said. “Weather report, please.”
“Partly cloudy with a twenty-percent chance of flurries—” SARAH said.
“Thank you,” Evelyn said to cut off the report. “Give me a status on the evacuation hatches?”
“All hatches are operational,” SARAH replied. “Would you—”
“Yes, please.” Evelyn said. “Nearest hatch.”
To help the station protect itself from contamination, every visible door was absorbed into the walls and sealed off. A blue light then appeared on the wall, directing her towards the exit.
“It’s time,” Evelyn said.
  
Anna noticed something peculiar while swimming through the tunnel. There was no biological growth. In fact, every surface was pristine which never happened unless the sea had no influence on these tunnels normally.
She also learned that sections were being sealed off behind her. By following the clues, Anna concluded that SARAH opened the channel in accordance with a set of pre-existing conditions. Now it was time to isolate this station from the outside world. Why?
While a good question, this automated behaviour left her with the impression that if she stopped for any reason, she would end up entombed. This was a theory that did not need to be put to the test.
After a good twenty minutes of hard swimming, Anna popped out into the open waters. The familiar glow of the blue phosphorescent light reminded her of what she had missed all these months. Alas, that feeling was dampened when the exit point slammed shut. A blessing and a curse…
“Anna?” A male voice asked.
Before Anna had an opportunity to face the speaker, something big and fast brushed past her. She only caught the vestiges of a tail fading into the murky water. She wanted it to be a beluga but had never seen a live one before. It could be a shark for all I know.
“Anna?” A female voice asked in turn.
This barrage of stimuli left her mind muddled. Time in the controlled environment of the station had dulled her senses. Now she had to either regain her sea legs or fall prey to what lurked in the sea.
She closed her eyes to give herself a moment to adjust. When she reopened them, there were four people facing her, three of whom were mermaids. None had a tail, a detail that she now found comforting.
“How… know?” Anna asked while pointing a finger at them after how and then herself after the know. Wow! Now I know how Evelyn must have felt when we first met.
“Onas sent,” a blonde haired and black-eyed beauty said before pointing towards every member of her group, “After ice broke,” she added prior to pointing towards the surface.
Just above, she saw something that reminded her of coral, but it was inverted and reflected the ambient light. This was her first time near ice, let alone so much of it.
“Why?” Anna asked.
“You are… the… key,” the mermaid said, choosing to forgo hand signals in favour of a full sentence.
“Key?” Anna asked.
She nodded before pointing directly at Anna, “Open door—”
“To?” Anna asked and realised that she was rushing things along.
“Witch… home,” the mermaid said.
While the term came as a surprise, those statements generally matched Evelyn’s last direction. That meant that she was to lead these people back to the arc so they could weather the upcoming winter. What they did not realise was that Evelyn had been interacting with such groups of merfolk for years. It’s a wonder she needed me at all.
“Evelyn?” Anna asked.
Every eye staring back at Anna went wide upon hearing that name. Sensing danger, belugas converged on Anna from out of the periphery. If not for the mermaid uttering a series of low-pitched clicks and chirps to halt their advance, she might have been in trouble.
After the belugas disappeared from sight, the mermaid put on a strained smile, leery of anyone who used that name so casually. The pod was being cautious which was warranted considering who had been at the helm.
Wait a minute. Anna noticed a difference with this group. Whereas Onas was naked, everyone here was covered. They were wrapped up to their gills in kelp. Was it due to the lower water temperature? Or was Onas an anomaly?
“Yes,” she nodded and paused as though expecting to be struck down for invoking Evelyn’s name. “Ready?”
“No,” Anna said while holding up two fingers before asking, “Questions?”
When the mermaid nodded, Anna asked, “Names?”
She smiled and pointed to everyone in a clockwise fashion while rhyming off their names, “Ida, Ian, Ila, Ivy.”
The similarity of the names astounded her and would surely confuse her for a time. Still, she supposed that there would be plenty of opportunities to get to know the people behind those names. I guess this gang prefers easy to pronounce names.
“Thank you,” Anna said and curled one finger into her fist.
When Ivy nodded in response, Anna asked, “How did you know that I would be here?”
The fact that every syllable had been uttered certainly got their attention. That was a behaviour they associated with the witch and not with someone with gills. Still, there was a minor delay in the response.
“Witch… warned… Onas of… burning sky,” Ivy said, repaying the courtesy by using a full sentence.
So, Evelyn’s behaviour had been part of the game, one designed to keep the chosen one in the dark about the greater plan. Whatever the trigger, Onas had known to start the preparations.
They also knew to find their way here and help Anna get back to the island. As light was shed on the sheer scope of the plan, Anna began to feel light headed.
“She really did think of everything,” Anna said.
  
Evelyn stared at the large circular hatch just above her head. While unafraid of heights, Evelyn had no desire to be reminded of how far she had come. After all, some things were better left relegated to the dark recesses of the mind.
“SARAH,” Evelyn said, “After I leave this station, you will revoke the command overrides related to non-human access.”
“Acknowledged, Evelyn,” SARAH said.
That would permit the station to defend itself if something other than a human attempted to access the facility. It seemed like an excessive amount of precaution, but Evelyn was uncertain whether or not Anna would one day return.
“SARAH,” Evelyn said softly. “Open the hatch.”
On command, twelve heavy gauge rods were extracted from the hatch. Afterwards, a loud hiss was heard as air rushed past her and escaped into the atmosphere. Had Anna been here, she would have needed a rebreather, but poor air quality was irrelevant to Evelyn.
Once the hydraulic system pushed open the hatch, Evelyn climbed until she set foot on the snow-covered terrain. The sound her boots made as they compressed the snow was like music to her ears.
“Nature has command over the world once more,” Evelyn said.
While the cold had no direct effect on the dead, snow came with a whole slew of complications. It was harder to stalk prey and left behind traces of their passing. It also slowed travel, noticeably so during a storm, and that risked getting caught outside when the sun came up. Around these parts, there could not be a summer without a winter. Besides, this world no longer needs me… I… belong in a museum.
As a wave of fatigue washed over Evelyn, she realised it was nearly time. Determined to follow through, she turned around and saw how the sky had taken on shades of purple and blue. The clouds themselves were reflecting a deep red, the colour of the rich blood she needed for survival.
Without a care in the world, Evelyn discarded every scrap of clothing. She had come into this world naked and vulnerable and would leave it the same way. She even giggled when her bare feet touched the snow.
“If only—” Evelyn said as the hatch slipped back into position, “There was someone to throw some snowballs at.”
No matter. Evelyn grabbed the freshly fallen snow and packed it into a tight ball. This childish act brought her back to one of the earliest memories she had, which happened to be a happy one. Little Evelyn out in the streets with her mother, tossing snowballs at other children.
Without a target, Evelyn pulled back her arm and launched the snowball far into the horizon. Given her strength, she was certain that this particular feat would not be surpassed for some time. What a shame that no one will ever know.
“Will anyone remember me?” Evelyn wondered.
Those like her existed in the shadows like a half-forgotten nightmare. While she had been a prolific artist in life, her creations would not speak for her.
Everyone she had known and loved were dead, some more than once. Nearly all had slipped through the cracks of history, leaving no traces of their passing on the collective memory of humanity.
“That’s for the best,” Evelyn said as the sky brightened, realising that the wind would soon pick up and sweep through this desolate field.
“How long has it been?” Evelyn said, unsure of how that question popped into her mind.
The answer really did not matter, however, every childhood memory, good and bad, was either spent in candlelight or under the moonlight. While her mother’s vocation made that more likely, she knew full-well that this could not be universally true.
“Oh wow,” Evelyn said after coming to that realisation. “The mind really is a fickle thing.”
In defiance of her survival instincts, Evelyn kept her eyes open as she looked out toward the horizon. The purples had given way to lighter colours, including a blue that she had not laid eyes upon outside of a painted wall or television screen in centuries.
Unlike the moon, the sun announced its presence well ahead of time. Evelyn watched as the sky surrounding this star took on a bright glow of yellow and grew in intensity with every moment.
“I will not cower. I will face my fate,” Evelyn said, determined to see the sunrise, even if only for one or two heartbeats.
Light washed over this dead world. The moment appeared to her in slow motion as the ground before her turned bright and glowed under the sun. This was the light she had shunned for several lifetimes, and that would soon set her aflame.
She expected her skin to crack before bursting into flame once the light of God reached her. That was the expected result, but she felt the warmth of the sun against her cheeks instead.
“Qu’est-ce qui se passe?” Evelyn asked, entirely unsure of what was happening.
Her confusion grew exponentially when the world around her froze. The sun’s heat disappeared and the wind died down entirely. The world turned to sepia which reminded her of an old movie on the silver screen. Evelyn had seen this phenomenon before, and it was always associated with someone hitting pause on the passage of time.
“I’ve been waiting for you a very long time, Evelyn,” a woman’s voice said.
Evelyn turned around and saw an indigenous woman dressed in a long flowing white dress. Those dark eyes, dark hair, and sunburnt skin contrasted her own pale features. For a split second, Evelyn found herself wondering what it would be like to kiss… get your mind out of the gutter!
“I’m sure there’s a queue,” Evelyn said in her usual musical tones. “You know, had you shown up a minute ago, I could have used you for target practice.”
As expected, her voice had absolutely no effect on this woman. That much was expected for anyone possessing the ability to control time. Still, worth a try.
“It’s a shame that I missed the snowball fight. I go by Eleanor,” the woman said before chuckling.
Evelyn giggled and turned back to face the sepia-coloured sun, a tactic that she hoped would make it more difficult for Eleanor to pick up on any emotional cues.
“I’ve seen you before,” Evelyn said. “You were a regular back at The Grand.”
“The resort that catered to your kind?” Eleanor replied. “Death was a frequent visitor there.”
“You must have been following my wake,” Evelyn said.
“That comes with the territory,” Eleanor said. “Although I can’t say that anyone expected you to trigger the apocalypse.”
“So, why didn’t I burn to a crisp just now?” Evelyn asked to deflect.
“You have a soul,” Eleanor said.
“…you mean that she wasn’t lying?” Evelyn said.
Eleanor did not appear surprised by the use of she and replied without pause, “Not at all.”
“Time for my elevator to Hell?” Evelyn asked.
“No?” Eleanor asked.
Evelyn cocked a brow after hearing a response that lacked conviction. One would think that bathing the planet in nuclear fire would more than pay for a one-way ticket to damnation.
“Hades? Heaven? Limbo? An ancient oil lamp?” Evelyn guessed.
Eleanor chuckled before replying, “None of the above?”
It was odd that these answers were more like questions, as though Eleanor was unsure of the answer herself. An angel of death must not socialise much.
“So, enlighten me?” Evelyn asked. “Please,” she added for good measure.
“Since the change in management, the situation is more… fluid…” Eleanor asked.
“You mean she—” Evelyn said.
“—wants to see you,” Eleanor answered.
While not exactly the answer she sought, it nonetheless provided one. Considering the lack of interference from above, Evelyn assumed no one was left to stop her.
“After all this time?” Evelyn confirmed.
“Obviously,” Eleanor said in a way that was impossible to read into. “She did say that she was looking forward to seeing her good girl.”
Despite the role reversal, Evelyn could not help but smile after hearing that. To this day, that particular memory still left Evelyn flustered, even after nearly two centuries.
“What if I refuse?” Evelyn asked.
“Then you’ll get to deal with all those confused souls your little stunt created,” Eleanor said.
Without any warning, the area became awash in while light, and the source turned out to be an ethereal staircase. Despite there being no end in sight, she was disappointed by the presentation since this staircase lacked greatly in style or pizzazz.
“Lovely,” Evelyn stated. “So… up?”
“Still can’t trust me?” Eleanor said.
“…well… yeah… it’s in my nature,” Evelyn replied.
“After you,” Eleanor said before winking.
Given her options, Evelyn took one last look at the sun before setting foot on the staircase. As soon as she was settled on the first step, Evelyn disappeared from sight and left Eleanor behind.
With a snap of her fingers, the world returned to normal. Eleanor lingered in this desolate land long enough to feel the cool winter chill against her cheeks. When she opened her eyes, a fine grey ash scattered throughout the vibrant sky. With the peace and quiet fresh in her mind, she vanished, leaving this world with one less soul.

ABOUT EVELYN CHARTRES
Evelyn Chartres is the nom de plume for a self-published Canadian author. The writer of six Gothic fantasy novels, Evelyn released her debut novel, The Portrait, in 2016, and her latest, High Water Mark, in 2021.
A fan of the phrase live to eat, Evelyn shares her recipes on evelynchartres.com. These recipes have a loose focus on French-Canadian cuisine, which feature deep-dish meat pies, seafood and desserts that are rarely seen outside of La Belle Province.
Evelyn is currently living in Halifax, Nova Scotia, and is busy laying the foundations for her next project.
Follow Evelyn on Facebook
http://www.facebook.com/theportraitofawoman
Follow Evelyn on Twitter
http://twitter.com/EvelynChartres
Visit Evelyn’s Website
http://evelynchartres.com

ALSO, FROM EVELYN CHARTRES
THE PORTRAIT
“A vision from the past becomes a writer’s deadly obsession.”

The Portrait is a Gothic fantasy about Victoria Frost, an author who develops an unhealthy obsession for her character. As events unfold, her infatuation begins to sour, forcing Victoria to question her sanity. Is she simply slipping into madness, or are there other elements at play?
The Portrait features a mixture of contemporary and historical scenes brought forward as Victoria explores the world of her muse. Using both prose and art, every scene yields a new piece of the puzzle which provides insights on the origins of her character’s portrait and the model within.
Discover how a vision from the past becomes a writer’s deadly obsession.

THE GRAND
“Even things that go bump in the night need a place to unwind.”

You will find the Grand nestled atop a cliff that overlooks a cursed valley. Surrounded by foreboding mountains, this ritzy French palatial-style hotel is a place where a roaring party’s success is measured by its body count. This hotel does not cater to the rich or famous. Instead, its staff and facilities serve a clientele with a more discerning palate.
The Grand is a collection of Gothic fantasy stories with an overarching storyline that incorporates supernatural themes. The Roaring Twenties serves as a rich historical, linguistic, and cultural backdrop.
Centred on the Grand’s victims, each story brings a unique perspective to the hotel, the staff and their esteemed guests. At the Grand, it is always best to remember: even things that go bump in the night need a place to unwind.

THE VAN HELSING PARADOX
“A gal has to look out for herself after all.”

Clara Grey’s parents once said that the world was a dark and dangerous place. There was more truth than fiction to those words. There were things that lurked in the shadows which defied the laws of nature: perversions that fed on the dead, terrorised the living, or escaped the chill touch of the grave.
Clara is a member of the Tower, a religious order of hunters who work outside the confines of the Church. As keepers of the arcane, her order takes an active role to counter such threats. Alas, the life of a hunter can be short, and many go missing before they are ready to serve. So, what does it take to succeed against all odds?
Explore Clara’s origin, a child born before the dawn of the twentieth century. Witness her rigorous education, how she faces adversity and fights in the Great War to become the derringer wielding flapper she is.
Throughout her tale, keep in mind that no matter the threat, a gal has to look out for herself after all.

THE VAN HELSING RESURGENCE
“While the Roaring Twenties are long gone, a heroine’s work is never done.”

Clara Grey was a hunter and part of a secret organisation known only as the Tower. During the Roaring Twenties, she sacrificed herself to destroy a powerful vampire. As a reward, she joined the ranks of Heaven’s army, and for ninety years, Clara yearned to take an active role in the mortal realm.
In an attempt to alter the course of history, scientists trigger an experiment with devastating results. The effects are felt not only on Earth, but in other realms as well.
Clara and an echo from her past are sent to Earth to investigate the case of a stolen soul. For this transgression, Heaven could go to war, but they choose to send Clara—and Edith. They fall to Earth, focused on their mission.
Both had been isolated from the mortal realm. In their lifetimes, monsters were on the decline, but they learn how much the modern world has changed. While navigating this alien land, will they adapt to their surroundings to fulfil their mission? Or be swallowed up by the evil that lurks in the shadows?
Before reading on, be sure to remember: while the Roaring Twenties are long gone, a heroine’s work is never done.

THE VAN HELSING INCURSION
“Hunting things that go bump in the night is child’s play when compared to juggling relationships.”

During the Roaring Twenties, Clara Grey hunted things that went bump in the night. On her final mission, she paid the ultimate price to rid the world of a powerful foe. As a reward, she ascended to Heaven and joined its ranks as an angel.
Ninety years after her death, Clara fell to Earth intent on saving a soul. While successful, killing an old god in self-defence barred her from returning to Heaven. Lost in the modern world, Clara was forced to seek out unlikely allies to navigate through those uncertain times.
Four months later, Clara has settled in with Elizabeth, a young woman she saved shortly after descending to Earth. For a gal who had sworn off anything that hinted at normalcy, she learns that being average takes more effort than it appears.
Alas, repercussions from choices made on that fateful mission have not been idle. Her enemies trigger a chain of events that will force our fated femme fatale to act. Is Clara prepared to deal with the fallout? Will her allies come to her aid? Or must she stand on her own?
Before reading on, be sure to consider: Hunting things that go bump in the night is child’s play when compared to juggling relationships.

BROKEN PROMISES
“When capture or surrender means that your life is forfeit, failure is not an option.”

A young lady and her lord arrive in the New World with the promise of stability and an expanse of land to claim as their own. Surrounded by the beauty of the Appalachians, they count themselves amongst the blessed.
When the colony's Governor General is recalled to Europe, rumours spread like wildfire that conflict is just over the horizon. The prosperous peace that brought them here is suddenly in danger of collapse. What does this mean for the lady of the house?
When tensions escalate, she finds herself isolated from all that is familiar. Desperate to survive, alone in the dark, and in a world unspoiled by the greed of men, what can she do?
Despite insurmountable odds, this young woman must risk traversing unfamiliar and hostile territory to find help. As you read, be sure to consider: When capture or surrender means that your life is forfeit, failure is not an option.

LICENCE
High Water Mark is a work of fiction. All characters, organisations and events appearing in this work are fictitious. Any resemblances to reality are purely coincidental.
The text herein is copyrighted:
High Water Mark
Evelyn Chartres (Nom de Plume)
Distributed by Smashwords
Copyright © 2021 by
Evelyn Chartres (Nom de plume)
theportraitofawoman@gmail.com
All rights reserved.
Cover and inside art designed by Faera Lane
http://faylane.com
Smashwords – First Edition
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this eBook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to your favourite eBook retailer to discover other works by Evelyn Chartres. Thank you for your support.

