
Hope Is Eternal
By Michael Black

Copyright 2021 Michael Black

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this eBook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, thank you for your support.
Table of Contents

Prologue to a Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Epilogue
About This One
Prologue To A Prologue

Eric wasn’t going to let this catastrophe win; he was a pilot after all, and pilots never gave up until they crashed and burned. That sentiment wasn’t gonna help him much now though, the base was deserted; as far as Eric knew the whole planet was deserted by now, the radios, computers, televisions, everything had been silent for a week. That meant only one thing, Eric Salazar had to get off Earth; but where to go, and how to get there. The four available shuttles wouldn’t even get him to Moon Base, only the space station maybe and the in system ships out on the desert hadn’t been serviced in months. That left only one option, the brand new starship in the hangar. Being experimental it had not gotten it’s certification yet, but Eric knew it had had two very successful test flights, and he knew where the command codes were kept too; in the Base Commander’s office. The office still smelled of sweet rotting flesh, even though Eric had buried the man two weeks ago, but the overpowering stench wasn’t quite as bad now at least.

Eric managed a smile when he got to the safe on the wall; the voice activated lock had about the most hilarious code he had ever heard, heard being the operative term now. He had overheard Colonel Jacobs use the code as Eric had entered the office one day, “Ellie May Clampett.” The code may have been unorthodox, but Eric had to admit it was easy to remember; he had also watched the 150 year old reruns often. He almost laughed when the safe’s door opened wide, and he removed the stack of folders, all of them with the big red letters on them, ‘Top Secret, Ultra Level Access Required’. The classification meant nothing now, so Eric browsed through them all; but stopped when he found the one titled  ‘Angel Laboratory Research Facility, Planet Carandel’. The folder not only listed the complete roster of the current 100 staff personnel, but gave him the ticket to get there, spacial coordinates! Eric Salazar had hit the jackpot; the description said plainly the planet was ‘Earthlike’, which meant he could live there without the fear of broken down machinery or diminishing air supplies; that is if the sickness that devastated Earth didn’t claim him first. That little detail scared him, so he jotted down the coordinates quickly, along with the simple Command Transfer Code he would need to make the starship his and his alone. Eric had jogged almost to the hangar door when he heard the dog’s mournful howl.
***
Spooky was aptly named by his ‘Master’, for at first glance he did look a little like a wide eyed ghost from some age old comic book; at pure white from head to tail, the Siberian Husky’s black eyes could startle the newcomer. Add to that the little bit of black fur lining his mouth in a perpetual smirk, and you ended up with a friendly dog who could make you laugh with his antics. Spooky wasn’t feeling very friendly right now though, he had been confined in a large kennel cage for two weeks ever since his Master had died from the sickness. The automatic feeder and water bowl had kept him healthy until they ran out of contents and Spooky had had no food and water for almost a week; he was a bit miffed as well as hungry and thirsty, so when the man appeared Spooky growled at him. The man hesitated for a moment, but then sat down on the floor and started talking to him in soft tones. You could call Spooky a ‘prototype’ since he had had an injection of an equally prototype drug created just to make dogs live a bit longer than usual, and as an unintentional result the dog understood some of the human words; the soft tones calmed Spooky down, but he was still very much hungry and thirsty, and went over to his two empty bowls, sniffing at them then looking back at the man. Eric finally got the message, “Oh I get it; you are famished aren’t you? Ok, let’s get you some water and food!” After a satisfying meal of two steaks from the base’s galley and two bowls of water, Spooky was willing to follow Eric almost anywhere; anywhere ‘except’ into the starship. It looked too much like the confined space he had just left, and he was not going in there again. Eric tried for over twenty minutes to coax Spooky, but it wasn’t happening. Finally Eric gave up, “Alright, as much as I would welcome your company I have to get off this planet so you are on your own dog. At least you are free now, but I doubt you’ll survive for long; there just isn’t anything alive anymore; go on now, find your own way; go on!” Spooky understood the words ‘go on now’ so he ambled off toward some low hills in the distance, while Eric went into the ship and began his litany to take control, “Pilot, Epsilon Delta 484, Command transfer, destination Angel Laboratory Research Facility”, and rattled off the coordinates he had written down. Five minutes later the ship took off; it was already dusk now. Spooky watched as the ship flew over his hill, and began barking frantically; he had second thoughts and wanted the man to come back for him, but it was not to be. He watched for a long time as the ship grew smaller and smaller, until it seemed to fly right into the moon; Spooky had lost in less than a half hour the only friend he had had in a month, and he pleaded to the moon to send that friend back, sometimes barking, sometimes howling.

Around midnight he lay down right where he was and drifted off to sleep with a soft voice whispering two words in his ears, “Sing more”; and Spooky did just that every night as he wandered the South Western states in search of a new friend, any friend. It was three full weeks before Spooky found the huge cave; it was actually many caves leading deeper and deeper under a mountain, some large and others smaller, but all had treasures of some kind in them. Many of them had small pools of water too. Some of those didn’t smell good, but the deepest cave had a small lake of water that not only smelled good but tasted good too; even if the taste was odd. Spooky felt better when he had his fill. The best treasure Spooky found was in the ‘mushroom cave’ though; the medium sized cavern held hundreds of thousands of the edible treats and Spooky tried several varieties before he was full, the only rule being if it smelled alright he ate it. Feeling better than he had in a long time Spooky sang extra loud that night; and the Moon gave him Rose Dergan as a reward.

Rose wasn’t anyone famous or important; her family wasn’t rich or anything like that, and it wouldn’t have made any difference anyway. There wasn’t any place to use money anymore; the only thing that made Rose Dergan special at all was the fact that she was still alive. As the last survivor of one of the few small groups of children in the United States, she had been migrating from central Florida for a month now, following what food was left on the shelves in any super markets and convenience stores along her path; it wasn’t much really, but it did keep her alive. There wasn’t much still growing wild, just some tough cactus, and the whole world looked brown now; it was always quiet, and occasionally hard to breathe, appropriate for a dead world.  Rose was looking for someplace to spend the night when she heard the faint howling; there was a little group of buildings ahead but the sound was coming from the mountain to her right so Rose followed the old paved road toward it.

There are no words to adequately describe their first meeting. The dog went berserk, barking wildly and running around in circles, the young girl cried and ran forward hugging the dog tightly; it took a while for the emotions to calm down some, then Spooky proudly showed Rose his new home. When she saw the mushroom vault Rose had to admit her search was over, this was a good place to live in a hostile world. The dog’s collar proclaimed his name so later, when he sang to the Moon again he heard the same words again that he had heard only as a whisper the first time; only this time it was his new friend who said them, “Sing more Spooky, I like it.” The dog didn’t have any problem with that idea, so each night they would sit at the top of the entrance to the main cave while Spooky sang to the Moon; often Rose would sing the songs she remembered, and Spooky would try to harmonize with her. Over the next month kids started showing up, the last remnants of a society that was past tense now; none was older than twelve, most being five or six. Rose was only fifteen herself. Each one had virtually the same answer when Rose asked how they had found this place, “I heard a voice, it said to follow the song.” The ritual continued until there were seventy two living in the caves; Carlsbad Caverns had been used for centuries as a retreat and tourist attraction, a ‘getaway’ so to speak, but now the caves became a symbol of survival. Social Psychologists, if they had still existed then, would have told you that it was impossible for less than one thousand people to survive under such circumstances, and totally unheard of for  72 children with little to no experience; so it was a good thing this tiny group of humans never read that memo. Rose Dergan became the Matriarch of this fragment of humanity, but Spooky became the savior; he taught his family to be cautious of the world around them and how to survive in it. For a dog who had never spoken a single human word, Spooky taught his people how to ‘live’ in an uncooperative environment. When he died at age 31 Spooky died happy, knowing his children would live on; the last dog on Earth was remembered by all the people in a rather unique combination, with honor and love.

It would be a very long time before any other dog walked the Earth…
***
Chapter 1

“William Elgin, you are not going to Earth alone and that is that!” Sanna looked up to see Crissy wagging her finger at her Father, and in sympathy for the sentiment said, “I go too Crissy, protect Master.” That brought a smile for a change during this little tirade that was supposed to be a family meeting, and Tipper piped up, “I go, is good ad…adventer!” Now all of them were laughing as Crissy grabbed Tipper in a tight hug, “Yes my precious, it will be an adventure alright. To actually see where we came from finally; I have to figure out what we should take with us!” Bill was exasperated now, “Do you guys mind if I get a word in here? All I wanted to do is a speed run there, have some readings taken, maybe a bunch of pics and then come back. It will be a longer trip than we are used to, much longer, and I have to consider the weight limits, thrust ratios, even how much food to take; it isn’t a vacation ya know!” Einstein spoke up in his usual snark mode with Bill, “I already calculated all variables for the trip there and back Boss; we could take a full complement of passengers and still have a big safety margin, and it is a vacation in a way. I admit I am feeling a certain excitement at going to Earth.” Bill lost it, “You are a tin can Einstein, and you are not helping me like you should be!” His frustration aside, another voice made the situation worse, “Well, you certainly cannot leave me behind Bill; I am the most important passenger this side of Einy; and you, of course. Einstein may be able to provide the information we need by scanning and actually ‘sniffing’ the atmosphere, if there is any left, but any real choices on Earth’s condition needs my medical opinion before doing anything there. I am the closest thing to a scientist we have.” Before Joe could comment further, Gerry stuck her head into the bridge door, “I have to go too! A Doctor simply cannot function properly without his Nurse to keep him in line.” Melly had her say, looking directly at Joe, “Yup!”, and everybody broke out laughing again. Thoroughly defeated now, Bill could only gracefully give in to the onslaught, “Alright alright, you win this time; but don’t think I will forget you all ganged up on me.” Crissy giggled, “Thank you Daddy!” She and Tipper ran off before Bill could grouse at being called Daddy again. Crissy’s destination was her and Tipper’s quarters to pick out a few ‘special things’ to take with them on the trip; that was the beauty of living on Carandel, they ‘had things’ now, pretty things rather than just the ‘useful things’ on Sore Point. The human race was back in the groove again…all 6137 of them at least on Sore Point and Carandel; the rest were an unknown quantity really, it was believed that Earth’s people had completely died off from the various diseases that attacked them over a short time long ago. Add to that the harsh changes in climate caused primarily by humans themselves; and it spelled out the reason why it was necessary to return to the land of their ancestors to see if it was even there first of all, and if the world was still there had it somehow recovered after 1000 years of devastation.
***
You could say ‘Project Migrant’ was in full swing now; after two more years of wheeling and dealing Tricia Anderson’s crew had produced two more ‘starships’ from the old ore hauling shuttles. They weren’t pretty, but they sure got the job done, moving 250 people at a time to their new ‘Promised Land’, Carandel. There were now 3217 ‘Carandelans’, and the small settlement just past the dog’s valley was sprouting new houses every week; plus one large building simply called ‘The Machine Shop’, ready to take delivery of a load of machinery on the next trip from Sore Point. Trish had promised the next ship would be a freight hauler, bringing the necessary infrastructure to help with the expanding needs of a now re-energized human race. Bill was relaxing on the bridge of the Gymkhana when Einstein let him know it had arrived, “The ship is here Boss…there are two of them! One is flying erratically though, like the gravity field is fluctuating. “ Bill sat up straight, wide eyed, “Warm up the engines Einy, when they pass us we follow them down for landing!”

Pete came running across the Lab’s landing pad with his dog Ned keeping pace with him, and both scrambled up the boarding stairs; Pete charged into the bridge, “What’s wrong with that ship Einy, it looks like the pilot is drunk or something!” As the two ships passed the huge slab of rock Einstein took off, staying well away from them and just a little higher in altitude; the ships descended toward the settlement, one landing normally beside the new machine shop building and the wobbly one a hundred yards behind it. Once in position, it suddenly stabilized and landed softly; Trish came down the boarding steps, smiling up a storm, as two humans and two dogs ran toward her, “Well whadya know, it worked!” Her big smile faltered when she saw Bill frowning, “What happened, did the reactor go nuts or something?” Trying to look as innocent as possible, Trish tried a smile again, “Oh no, everything worked just fine! This is one of the older bulk fuel haulers; I modified it a little and she has a full load of reaction mass, the Gymkhana can now make the trip to Earth and back with a fueling station right here on Carandel. I even installed a gas generator in it so she can stay topped off and ready, flew her here myself too!” Pete gave her a dirty look, “You aren’t a pilot Trish; you mean to say you made the whole trip by yourself?” The girl managed to look daggers at him, but still sounded sweet, “Am too a pilot! Oren has been teaching me, and I wasn’t gonna let anybody else fly her; I had to take a few little shortcuts in the design, but they worked just fine, so here we are!” She thought she was done with the chewing out routine, but Oren chose that moment to disabuse her of that notion when he yelled from a hundred feet away as he approached, “Patricia Halstead, you can be the Boss all you want but you are not flying another one of my ships until you’ve learned a lot more than you know now!” Tricia gave Oren a sheepish grin, “Yes Oren, I understand; atmospheric flight isn’t too hard, but those controls are really sensitive. Did you see me land nice and soft though? I think that deserves a little praise, don’t you? Oren laughed, while Bill tried to find his voice again, “Halstead? You mean you two got married? The two craziest people in the whole colony got married, we are doomed for sure now!” They had a good laugh for about thirty seconds, until 100 people from the settlement arrived to find out what was going on; followed shortly by some 300 dogs from the valley. There were plenty of volunteers to help Oren unload the freighter while Trish took Bill and Pete on a short tour and inspection of the big fuel shuttle; an exploration of Earth was no longer a dream, it was now in the planning stage.

The planning had to be meticulous of course, none of the potential passengers had ever taken a spaceflight for this long a distance; the trip to Earth would be over a month one way.  and you did not want to forget anything. Food and water were of primary importance of course; every ‘reefer’ on the Gymkhana was packed full of all the berries, fruits, beans and vegetables the people had found tasty on Carandel. Several bakers among the colony had experimented with the grains, and quite a few loafs of bread made their way onboard as well. No one thought of meats, since no human had eaten any in a millennia, and the few fishes they discovered weren’t very tasty anyway; the human race had become confirmed vegetarians. With three days to go before takeoff Bill and Pete topped off the Gymkhana’s water tanks and crammed every cubic inch of reaction mass into the tanks they could; they were ready to go, or thought they were until John showed them why they weren’t, “The simple fact is we still have no idea what Earth is supposed to look like, except for hundreds of old photos we assume were taken ‘around Earth’ when the planet died. Add to that another problem, we had no reference points to guide the exploration at all; until now.” John held up one of the many memory sticks everyone had seen plenty of times, only this one had different lettering on one side spelling out ‘Google Earth’, “I found this in the back of one of Newt’s drawers and plugged it into his computer; it is a program that lets you view the Earth, all of it, in many different ways, including every city and road, practically every building that existed before the cataclysm. I played with it some last night, and it could help ‘us’ if we can get Einstein to accept it and run it.” Einstein piped up suddenly, “You forget John, I was built during the same time that stick was; plug it into that receptacle on the bottom of the center console, I’ll transfer all files into an isolated memory storage and see if I can decipher it.” John found the USB slot easy enough, and fumbled the stick into it until it stopped; 30 seconds later Einstein said, “Ok, all in; accessing”, and went silent. After ten minutes Einstein hadn’t made a sound, and Bill got worried, “Einstein?” The Nav Screen lit up with a beautiful blue green planet with thousands of stray pure white streaks of clouds everywhere, “Sorry Boss, this is neat! I tried accessing just the photos at first, but many of them had proprietary extensions; then I just ran the program and the entire archive opened up for me. With this installed I can show you every square inch of Earth, it is that detailed. There are roadmaps, geodesic contour maps, ecological growth maps, weather pattern maps, and millions of interactive pictures. We are definitely in business now!” Word spread as they browsed through the vast database, and eventually Bill had to limit access to 10 minutes for everyone to get a glimpse while Einstein cycled through hundreds of thousands of images none of them had ever seen before; all showing a world that likely didn’t exist like they were seeing anymore. The ship’s galley and meeting room stayed packed all through the night, and the next day John loaded the program into any computer that had enough space available to hold the massive files. The old dream had come back with a vengeance, and everyone wanted a piece of planet Earth once again. John had won his seat on the Gymkhana for this trip, if he wanted it; and he did. With he and Bella onboard that would make it twelve passengers; almost exactly the original number who had gone off on a vague quest for knowledge about their heritage, and came back with a new hope for their people. Now six humans would answer their first questions as a result of the answers they found to questions they had never asked; and those answers, the six dogs, would find their own answers to questions they didn’t know ‘how’ to ask…
***
The one thing that had never changed since Earth claimed the stars; space travel is boring, always. The first week had been uneventful simply because everyone was used to that long a journey, even the dogs; all except Melly and Bella, but since their focus was on their ‘Masters’ rather than the trip Bill didn’t expect any difficulties from that half of his crew. The small catalog of available videos were watched, and watched again all through the second week; even some of the school lessons that were particularly interesting, supplemented by the photos Einstein had copied from all the personal computers in the lab complex. In between they just talked and told stories they either thought up or had heard as children; the dogs loved that part, they had never gotten into that sort of thing very much, except listening to the Truth Teller reciting each family’s history with the occasional humorous quip about a particular ancestor’s exploits. It was just at the middle of the third week when Einstein thought of a distraction that his namesake would have been proud of; he could tell everyone was getting a little stressed, their tones of voice were seeming more somber, even when they wondered about what they would find. Einstein remembered a short discussion they had had when Bill was still a child, how people didn’t see any colors traveling through space, just deep black background and millions of bright white dots all over it. Pictures through a telescope were stunning but the human eye just could not see it in real time; so Einy brought out his collection of optical filters and projected the resulting images on all the screens throughout the ship. The boredom was over for a time; Einstein used different combinations of filters that produced different effects, and could zoom in to a slight degree to add a few more highlights. It wasn’t like a telescope, but it worked, for if the humans were happy with the diversion, the dogs were ecstatic; Melly once spoke without thinking, “God is pretty!” It got laughs, but everyone could agree that when seeing the Universe this way it did feel like that.

When he entered Earth’s solar system four weeks and three days after departure, Einstein shut down his main engines to conserve reaction mass, and shifted to gravity drive; he would slow down all the way to Earth using the natural ‘pull’ that every large planetary mass generated. They had lucked out, as both Jupiter and Saturn were both right along the Gymkhana’s flight path and would provide the best ‘grab’ to slow down when they passed those planets; it also gave the passengers a stunning view of what massive gas giants looked like ‘up close and personal’. Boredom faded completely, as renewed excitement ruled in both the bridge and galley; eight hours later the reason for this trip was growing rapidly on the screen, and the first comment came from Gerry as Einy zoomed the image to maximum, “It doesn’t look much like that Google picture, does it; the picture was bright blue, but this looks more like I don’t know, like Sore Point does.” Einy issued a little chuckle, “Not exactly a scientific observation Gerry, but pretty accurate; with the sun directly behind Earth I am doing a spectral scan of the atmosphere’s corona, and it ‘is’ similar to Sore Point. That is encouraging; not only does the Earth still have a thick atmosphere, first readings suggest it is still breathable too. When we reach orbit I’ll be dipping down into it for a while, so everybody must stay buckled up. That proved to be the first glitch in the plans; they had never fashioned harnesses for the dogs. The problem was solved somewhat by strapping the three big dogs into the cabin beds, using the pillows for some comfort. Andy, Ned and Bella didn’t like that much, but relented when Joe explained it was much better than getting hurt. Sanna, Tipper and Melly got held by their Masters during the gyrations to come. Once in a stable orbit, Einstein began the roller coaster ride; and all of them learned to appreciate the safety measure. While it never was severe, the sudden changes in direction were uncomfortable Everyone was relieved when Einy made his report, “Alright, the upper atmosphere is safe; there are no toxins so far and I detect no trace of bacteria or microbes up here. Shall I descend Boss and check out the lower level air?” Bill thought about it for a minute; his ancestor had almost died when he had visited a dead Earth, but it had nothing to do with the visit itself. So far the readings Einy took had all said it should be ok; was he afraid of what they might find? Finally he just sighed, “Ok Einy, take us down so we can explore; it’s why we came here.” As Einstein dropped lower the major land masses came into sharper focus; he headed toward the largest continent, “This is what they called ‘Asia Europe’, it was one of the most densely populated parts of Earth.” They passed through scattered upper level clouds at 100,000 feet, another good sign; the surface had a ruddy brown and tan look to it at 60,000, and at 30,000 Crissy exclaimed, “Where are the cities!”
Chapter 2

Almost every photo in every personal computer on Carandel had shown thousands of cities and towns all over the Earth; Google Earth had hundreds if not thousands of stock photos depicting huge sprawling examples of humanity, yet as the Gymkhana flew over  them, one by one during the first week, all the team saw were massive piles of rubble; there was nothing left to show that the human race had ever existed, it was like nature had erased them all, and gone back to basics. The dogs wouldn’t have noticed it, but every human should have seen what was missing as they flew South over the African continent. They were too shocked to see it though, until Pete started analyzing the sight on the screen, “Metal! There is no metal anywhere; only piles of concrete, stone, glass and the synthetics like plastics and polymers. Without the steel and other metals to support them the cities just crumbled; there are still roads visible, but anything metal just dissolved away.” The one thing that did provide a ray of hope were the animals; not in large numbers, there were still small pockets of various mammals roaming in some of the patches of grass and little clusters of trees that had leaves on them; Einstein identified the different species from the pictures in Google Earth, and the program was proving its worth once again; Joe said it best, “The Earth is trying hard to recover, but it looks like it will still be quite a while before it looks anything like Carandel. Einstein, can we fly over the islands in the South Pacific please?” That proved to be an eye opener, as the thousands of islands looked pretty much the same as they did in the pictures; several of them in the Philippines’ chain had lush jungles coming back fast. Still there were no people. When the Gymkhana reached South America however, there were actually smiles all around when John announced, “the Amazon Rainforest is back; that is why the air is more breathable again; I find that most encouraging, and there are even more animals coming back. Einy, can you estimate from what we have seen so far how long until the Earth is like Carandel?” There was only silence for a minute, “There are many non-mathematical variables involved, but if I just go by percentage of difference between the vegetation back then and what we see now, somewhere between two and five hundred years. Unfortunately that is a guess rather than a certainty, but you are right, the animal life is encouraging. I’m going up high again to check out North America.” It was almost a waste of time…almost; as Einstein approached where Florida should have been it became very clear that most of the state was under water. It wasn’t deep, you could see the land just below the surface; but the creepy thing was that there were millions of fragments of cinder block homes sticking up out of the water. Other than those dirty white monuments there was nothing much else except the now familiar piles of rubble marking where tall buildings had once stood. A slow meandering route up the East Coast didn’t reveal much different; because of the rise in water levels the contours of all continents had changed drastically. It was in the middle of Canada where they found their first large animals, two of them walking side by side along a straight paved roadway lined with millions of dead trees. As the two stopped to graze on some grass at the edge of the road, Gerry whispered “What are they?”, as if the big animals could hear them. “They are called Moose, I looked them up; they could hurt you if you got too close” came Einy’s reply, “They are not aggressive unless their young are threatened.” Gerry laughed at that, “I don’t see how I would ever want to get close to that brute, so no problem there. Let’s head South for a while, all those dead trees depress me.” Einstein followed the line of mountains southward, staying at enough altitude to also clear the large fluffy clouds forming along the foothills. There wasn’t much to talk about, unless another animal type showed up in one of the many valleys along the route. The atmosphere in the galley was generally upbeat; they had already seen plenty of evidence to conclude that the Earth would ultimately survive, so the numerous sad examples that had once been called cities were pushed back with the knowledge that life was returning to the Earth, albeit slowly. Everyone sat up straight in shock when suddenly Einstein changed course and descended into a large flat valley and stopped dead at 1000 feet over a group of paved straight lines. No one was more startled than Bill, Einy had seldom made such abrupt maneuvers without giving fair warning; he stood up, staring at the screen, “Einstein! What in heck was that? You scared me silly; what’s going on.“ Einy sounded for a moment like he was just as shocked by his movements, “I know this place Boss; my apologies everyone, but I have been here before…”

That simple statement sent Bill’s shock away, only to be replaced by substantial frustration flavored by a sprinkling of fear; Einy was acting as though he was losing his mind, “Think it through Buddy, you know we had this discussion before; you don’t have memory fragments like we do, your memories of places are contained in the flight log and that was wiped clean a thousand years ago, ‘after’ you came to Sore Point. It just isn’t possible for you to remember Earth at all Einy; don’t go flooky on me now, I don’t know what I would do.” Bill’s electronic friend had been with him since he was a young boy, his Father had introduced him to the heart of the Gymkhana when he was 5 years old and Einstein had become his friend, teacher and confidant as Bill grew up. He remembered his Father’s first caution, “Never doubt Einstein Bill, he is the only one who will keep you on the path. When you need the truth, Einstein will give it to you.” To hear him say something that just couldn’t be true was scary at bare minimum. Sanna’s sharp bark shook Bill out of his growing dark hole, “Master calm down, Einy tell what real, like Truth Teller tell dogs.” Bill managed a tiny smile as Einy tried to explain, “ Thank you for your faith in me Sanna. It isn’t in the flight log Boss, this was a visual flight reference trigger from a restricted file embedded in my baseline flight navigation profile; it is named ‘Phase One Test’ and the notification just said ‘Waypoint One Achieved’. I can’t access the file structure itself without Command Authorization, and it requires external input; you have to give me the code Boss.”  Bill let out a deep sigh, knowing now Einy wasn’t going nuts, I have to give you the access code? How the heck am I supposed to do that, the only code I know is the Command Transfer one and I don’t think that is what is needed; but something made you stop here Einy, so go ahead and land on this road under us while I figure this out; all the time we have been here we never set foot on the world we’ve been wanting to see for so long.” Bill could not have said anything else that would have generated a more enthusiastic agreement; the humans applauded and the dogs howled their approval, it had been a very long time since they had been ‘outside’ and they all needed a break. As the Gymkhana touched down he set a couple of ground rules, “You guys listen up; don’t go too far from the ship and stay together. There doesn’t seem to be much out here, and the air is good, but stay on this road, ok?” As the group of explorers rushed to the aft boarding ramp Einstein chuckled over the speaker, “It’s called a runway Boss, aircraft used to take off and land here. This place is called the ‘Groom Lake Research and Test Facility, and was run by the military mostly. Google says it had a generic cultural name too, ‘Area 51’.”
***
Bill sat on the bridge for an hour, trying to think of how to access this mysterious file that Einstein had not even known existed; he tried variations of the Command Code, being extra careful not to say anything that might cause Einy to revert to base programming or do something even weirder; his ancestor had made that mistake one time and it had taken a thousand years to make up for the mistake. The real problem was that he had no baseline of his own, a point to start from in order to divine the secret code; totally frustrated now he exclaimed, “I don’t know Einy, this will get us nowhere; what the heck is that code!” His friend for life answered immediately, “It is, Charlie Foxtrot Zulu 9973 Flight Profile Alpha…” Bill gawked at the flight console housing Einstein, “You dirty word, why didn’t you just tell me!”  His electronic nemesis gave out with a rude sound, “Because you didn’t ask me until just now stupid; remember the file requires external stimulus, I am not allowed to simply volunteer it! The file is Top Secret you know.” Bill laughed and gave Einy a rude noise of his own, “Well dammit! Open file Phase One Test, authorization Charlie Foxtrot Zulu 9973 Flight Profile Alpha.” Ten seconds later Einy spoke up, “Wow! Talk about finding yourself; this has all the flight data from my first two test flights, complete with optical videos of each one. There is a third one of when I took off with Major Salazar in command to Carandel, and the arrival there!” When Bill watched the third video he noticed movement on a hill as the ship passed over it, “Is that a white dog down there running around Einy?” The response made him feel a bit less enthusiastic about their discovery, “Yes Boss, it was a Siberian Husky; it’s kinda sad to know it wouldn’t have lasted long in that atmosphere, look at the sky, upper level winds were full of particulates and the oxygen content was already almost a third of the way to the danger level when I left. The file lists my departure origin as ‘Base Zero’, and by reverse perspective it should be over there to our right, in that mountain range about seven miles away.”

While the two poured over the data and watched the videos over the next three hours, the rest of the team were making their own discoveries and reacquainting themselves with the world of their ancestors; just the feeling of wide open space was reminding them of the feelings that Carandel had instilled in them almost four years ago. The dogs felt that in a different way that was unique to their kind, sniffing every inch of ground in all directions, while catching faint scents of  the results of a cataclysm they knew nothing about. This was a different world from the one they knew, the smells proved it; Crissy exclaimed once, “Look! The sky doesn’t look like all the pictures we found, it isn’t that reddish brown color, but almost a bright blue. I had never realized that, we were always looking down before!” Joe couldn’t help the laugh that came out, “That is the best sign yet; we know what a healthy planet looks like from being on Carandel, so the Earth is telling us it will live again. The air still smells different than we are used to, but it’ll get better over the next couple centuries. The green will spread out and eventually the two worlds will be twins again.” The sun was going down when Bill strolled down the ramp where everyone was sitting, “Come on guys, we now have something really interesting to check out; where Einstein and the Gymkhana came from.” As everyone scrambled up the ramp Sanna looked up at Bill, “We see Einy first home Master?” Bill laughed, thinking her reference was quite appropriate, “Yes my girl, we go to see his first home.” The dog actually danced up the ramp, “Is good, all need know past; I like Einy lots.” Bill wondered if he would ever get used to how really smart the dogs were; not to mention compassionate.

Einstein took his time getting to the mountains, partly because the sun was already setting and also to give everyone a chance to see the last video first. When Gerry and Crissy saw the dog on the hill as they flew over, both got tears in their eyes, Crissy saying, “Oh that is so sad, the poor dog all alone.” They knew something was waiting for them, everyone saw the huge hole in the mountain before they saw the big landing pad. Einstein landed next to four big reddish brown stains on the concrete with piles of plastics, glass and other composites; four pieces caught Pete’s eye, “Those are windscreens, they were aircraft of some kind.” The crew debated going inside the monstrous cave for all of ten minutes; all of them, even the dogs, wanted to see this something ‘very new’, but logical and practical won out eventually, it was going to be dark enough inside as it was, and sunlight tomorrow would help a little in the exploring. Tonight they would sleep, it had been a long day already. Thirty minutes later Pete admitted he just couldn’t stand waiting, and pleaded with Bill, “I promise I won’t go deep inside Bill, but I gotta see at least what is holding up that massive door! 10 minutes and I’ll come right back, engineer’s honor!” Pete looked so pathetic Bill had to laugh at the performance, “Alright you child, you can have 15 minutes; but you make damn sure I can see your flashlight at all times or I swear I’ll dock you a year’s pay. And don’t touch anything!” That old joke settled Pete down into the reality of going into unknown places in the dark; nobody had seen money in a millennia, and most didn’t even know what it had been now. Pete grabbed his favorite flashlight and headed for the hole in the mountain; all went well for just over five minutes, then suddenly the light seemed to go out and Bill heard Pete clearly yelling loudly and he panicked; grabbing his own light from beside the Command seat and telling Einstein, “All external lights on full Einy, see if you can get the big spot to shine into the opening. Bill took off running up the shallow ramp into the cave just as the rest of the ship emptied of passengers and the lights came on brightly, making everything in the huge ‘hangar’ rather easy to see. Pete was standing next to a shape they all knew well, laughing as if demented; all of the humans and dogs stopped at the top of the ramp, too astounded to continue further. Standing on four sturdy hydraulic landing gear was the Gymkhana’s twin. Bill led everyone over to where Pete was trying to calm down, “They built a second ship and it is almost finished; the only thing left was to install the reactor, and they were nice enough to bring that out to the ship for us, that’s it on the pallet!” And he started off again laughing as the irony hit Bill too; a second starship had been built and waited patiently a millennia for the only humans left to come back and appreciate it. It took a long time for everyone to get to sleep that night.
Chapter 3

Just like the expedition  to Carandel had begun so long ago, a search for knowledge started the next morning. Unlike that one however, where they had been searching for any fragments of information relating to what had happened to Earth, now they were standing on the very planet of humanity’s birth, looking to understand the results of what had happened. This facility would not help with that, but it would give them insights into the people who had been there during the final days. Gone were the fleeting thoughts of returning to their home on Carandel; everyone, including the dogs, wanted to know what this place would tell them. It would take days, for this research lab was every bit as large as the bio-lab complex they had found originally; it just had a very different mandate to operate by, researching any new idea no matter how bizarre, then see if there was a way to make it happen. What the team found laying on tables and workbenches suggested that was how Einstein and the Gymkhana has been born; and their as yet unnamed twin in the hangar. Bill and Pete never said it out loud, but their looks at each other shouted loudly that the mystery starship would one day fly; there would be another journey to Earth in the not too distant future. To make sure there was power available to help out, Pete spent the first day looking for the power room, and found it before the sun went down again. Just like he had done on Carandel, Pete stripped the electrical board except for lighting, making sure to seek out the separate medical breaker and shut off that sub panel entirely. When he started the reactor a warning appeared, ‘Direct Short Circuit 11X, Breaker tripped. 15 minutes later, when it had full power, Pete shifted to normal operation and the lights came on. With lighting the searching became much easier; Gerry and Crissy, along with Tipper and Melly, were the ones who found the classified folders on the Base Commander’s desk. Since Top Secret, Ultra didn’t mean anything to them, they took them back to the Gymkhana for further reading. That night the crew had new information that shocked everyone; there might be another planet with people on it…the first four survey ships that went out in search of habitable planets had never come back; but one of them, the Lewis and Clark, had managed to send out a combination distress signal and survey update that was rather short but very sweet to read 16 years later. It simply read, “Lewis and Clark crashed on target 2 planet, 53 survivors including Doctor Jacobs. Planet is Grade A, eighty five percent Earth gravity, so while we need rescue, if you cannot we will make a life here. Power low, Esteban out…” Under the message was a hand written note, “Your Sister is alive Dan, they made it and Ellen is alive! We have no ships now that can take on that kind of deep space journey, but at least know she was safe. God protect them all, Bob” There was no way to figure out who Bob was, but Dan was easy; the name plate beside his door said it all, ‘Colonel Daniel Jacobs, Base Commander’. Under the note was the full complement for the Lewis and Clark, 77 people with their names, along with the ships destination star; Einstein found ‘Gliese 832’ easily in the Google Earth Star Field section, and after a minute of his famous wizardry announced, “Yes it can be reached; it is actually a little bit closer to Carandel than Earth is but in a different part of the sky, so it becomes another item on our to do list Captain Lucky.” That was the first snarky comment Bill had heard since they’d arrived, so Einy was happy again.

Time was running out and Doctor Joe finally put his foot down, “Look guys, this excursion has been eye opening and rewarding, I know that; but we have to face the reality that the food dictates when we head back to Carandel. Four more days, a week at the outside, and we must go back to restock and digest everything we know now; that is not debatable.” He was a bit surprised when no one argued his mandate; John had been his quiet self since finding Einstein’s origins, but he spoke up now, “Honestly, we are just going over the same stuff over and over now; I say we leave tonight and regroup back on Carandel. I’m going to disconnect the base’ server and bring it with us though, since Einy has all the same type connections, he can play with it when he has time. There is no telling what kind of hidden information it will give us once he breaks the codes, isn’t that right Einy?” Bill laughed when Einy let a soft chuckle come out of the speaker, “I appreciate your confidence in me John; I’ve been working on just that since the power came on and I got a wireless link, but a direct connection would be oh so much better. Bring all the cables with it, along with the router. I want to do a flyover of the Houston space complex on the way out; it had a designation as a long term survival shelter” With no dissenting opinions, everyone got back to work and were ready to leave as the sun was lowering toward the tips of the mountains in the West; Einstein chose a low level speed run to the South East, keeping at 3000 feet to clear the shorter mountains dotted with desert areas; he even flew over what had been a forest, and there were small areas where hints of green were spreading. They were passing a  series of shallow mountains when Einy suddenly slowed and shifted his course to the right, “That is odd!”
***
It was a cluster of green bushes, all lined up in neat rows with a big hole in the ground a little further beyond; what had caught Einstein’s attention weren’t those things however. On the bluff overlooking the hole was a semi circular area of white stone, set in a series of steps forming a sitting area. What was on the stone seats were what none of the explorers had expected to see though; John’s Bella whispered the word, “Masters.” There were about thirty young men and women, with seven children sprinkled in; all of them were standing now, pointing up. at the Gymkhana as it descended toward the crowd. Einstein landed the ship on a relatively flat area away from the bushes and opened the boarding hatch as the stairs touched the ground. All of their standard protocols forgotten for now, the six humans headed for the hatch with the dogs close behind. As the humans lined up at the bottom of the stairs the crowd’s eyes went wide and the murmuring  began; but when they saw the six dogs line up in front of the humans, the crowd went silent and began walking slowly toward the strange visitors, stopping about ten feet away. No one moved for a minute, until one of the youngest children walked straight for the line of dogs, reaching out her hand to touch Bella; the Shepherd let the child stroke her fur for a moment, then said, “Am Bella, what your name?” The little girl’s mouth fell open in astonishment, then she giggled and ran back to a woman who must have been her mother. The girl smiled and shouted, “Jenna!” First contact had been made and the crowd of young people relaxed a bit. None of the Carandelans had any idea what to say next, so John improvised, “Umm, we come from another place to see if the world is healed yet.” He couldn’t think of much else, but he didn’t have to, as a voice shouted from off to the right, “You come from the Moon? Spooky has kept his promise my children, we have passed the test and the people have returned once again.” Coming up the winding path from the cave below was an old man; a very old man. John was in his sixties, but this guy must have been older than even Kurt Rodgers back on Sore Point. He might be old, but he appeared healthy enough as he walked purposely up to the group of stunned ‘humans from another place’; he ignored them however at first and spoke directly to the dogs, “I am Randall, current Prophet to the people. You are all welcome here my friends, we will sing to the Moon shortly, you may join in if you wish at the theater.” Guiding the twelve stunned visitors over to the front of the gathering, Randall sat the humans at the front row of seats, the dogs sitting at their feet; and they waited for the Moon to make its appearance above the rocky ridge above the cave. Just as the Moon cleared the ridge, as if it was their cue, all the people began to sing; it was a mix of different children’s songs with some fragments of what must have been popular ballads from a past age blended in. After a few minutes the dogs lent their voices to the rendition, harmonizing as best they could with the changing rhythms; the humans from Carandel just hummed along. After an hour the singing stopped abruptly and Randall spoke, “Prophet Rose and Spooky have been honored with the help of our new friends my children; go to your places and sleep well this evening, the Moon is with us.” Then Randall turned to the new humans, “If you would like it, I will show you our home in the morning at new sun.” Not even waiting for a reply, he walked off, heading down the winding path to the cave. Bill laughed lightly, “Well that was interesting, let’s go back in shall we?”

Gerry picked Melly up and followed everyone back to the Gymkhana; they were almost to the stairs before Crissy noticed Tipper was missing and looked back. The dog was standing staring at Randall as the old man went down out of sight, “Tipper, what’s wrong?” He turned and ran to catch up, ”He hurt, man hurts inside.” They gathered in the galley before Joe asked, “Do you mean I should check him out Tipper? Andee didn’t sense anything, did you Andee? The big dog looked up at Joe, “No Doktor Joe, I feel too; not hurt sick, he hurt in head, know fear.” With so vague a reference, there wasn’t much  more to talk about on that topic, so the discussion turned to what they had just seen; Bella said it rather plainly, “Masters sing to God?” Gerry picked up on that, “I don’t think it is as simple as that Bella, Randall kept mentioning the Moon as if it meant something special; he even said the Moon was ‘with’ them. I don’t know, we don’t know enough right now, but I think all they know is the Sun and the Moon.” Joe chuckled for a moment, “That’s all well and good Gerry, but you and I need to look at this from our professional perspective. I want to at least do a baseline checkup on all of those young people; and especially Prophet Randall, he has to be approaching 90 at least.” John gave out a harsh laugh, but he wasn’t smiling, “You’re missing the obvious point Joe; the number one question on all our minds should be, how in heck are they here at all!”
***
John continued on, “Look, I know more about Earth dying than I really want to; I read over Newt’s thesis probably 50 times now, plus every single ‘hint’ anyone in the complex ever made in their computers. I know you and Gerry watched Doctor Dressler’s final video Joe, but did you really listen to her words? She said Major Salazar brought the virus to Carandel, and that it was like no other virus ever seen on Earth before; that part doesn’t really mean anything because we already found out the survey ships brought plenty of bugs back from planets they touched down on, ‘but’ she also said the Major should have been dead when he arrived. The virus had a two day incubation period, and usually a five day mortality rate; do you see the conundrum there? Major Eric Salazar lifted off from that base in the mountain and spent at least four weeks in space; question, how did he do it? Answer, he came in contact with someone who was immune, or at least immune enough to slow up the virus. There’s another reason I’m confused, but it had nothing to do with medicine.” Bill jumped up, “Well don’t stop there! These people acted like nothing had really happened; heck, they looked happy.” Pete had seemed to be dealing with his own inner demons ever since they had found Einstein’s twin, not really saying much since they had taken off. He was likely deep in thought on how to get back to the base as quick as possible to bring that other ship to life; but Bill’s statement got him talking again, “They weren’t happy Bill, I was watching; they were shocked when we arrived sure, but none of them ever smiled. Except for that little girl Jenna, even the other youngest boys and girls didn’t crack a smile. I’m tired, so I’ll turn in now, I bet some of these questions will be answered tomorrow when we tour the cave.” He got up and headed to his cabin, Ned close behind; Gerry and Crissy looked at each other and got up five seconds later, holding their dogs in their arms; Tipper swiveled his head around and gave out with a happy “Nite!” Joe yawned rather loudly, “You have my attention John, but make it as quick as you can; I have to get some sleep soon too, none of us has slept much since we found that base. What is this ‘other thing’ you were talking about?” John sighed deeply for a moment, looking at his two friends, ”It was just bits and pieces really, when I started looking for a reason why we had managed to survive on Sore Point. I found some point papers Newt had hidden away for his research that dealt with population density and resources being factors in a society surviving a severe crisis. Basically it showed me that we survived on Sore Point because we had sheer numbers in our favor, ‘and’ we were already an industrialized group with the ability to survive. The paper also stated that populations with less than 1000 people have little chance of survival over the long term, and it was impossible for less than 100 to survive at all. I had believed the dogs on Carandel proved that theory wrong though, because they had  nice lush world to sustain them; but now we find a tiny group of people living on a dead Earth with nothing to help them survive; it just doesn’t make sense.” Bella let out what sounded like a snort, looking up at her human, “Master need sleep, find answer later.”

In the morning Randall was waiting for his visitors at the top of the path; he asked what the things were they were carrying, and Pete obliged, “They are flashlights, they shine a bright light into dark places so we can see.” The old man’s eyes went wide, “You bring the Sun with you? It is true then, you are the lost children of the Moon; you will not need those though, I can show you.” The walk down to the cave was a long one as the paved path kept doubling back and forth on itself as the group descended; what had looked just like any other cave they had seen before, was now a yawning mouth, opening into a deep cavern. The reflected sunlight lit the path for quite a while, so the Gymkhana crew followed Randal some 100 feet deeper into the marvel, until Crissy exclaimed, “Look!”, and pointed to their left…it was a big mural painted a ruddy red for a background, and in the center was a large and detailed portrait of a dog; a pure white dog. The colors had faded over the centuries, but everyone knew it had to be the same dog in the video. On a big wide collar was his name; ‘Spooky’. Randall spoke up, “Prophet Rose created this teaching wall when Spooky went to the Moon to join the people; our first 100 years are shown in the other pictures.” There were twelve scenes total, each one minutely detailed with something from her memories; the first in the upper left hand corner showed herself standing on a road, looking up at an object in the sky. It was small but obvious to Gerry, “She saw the Gymkhana too! It doesn’t have a lot of detail but it is the right shape; and here, it is flying toward the moon.”

The second scene was simple in meaning; Rose kneeling and hugging the white dog tightly while he licked her face furiously at the theater area, the cave just visible behind them; the third picture with many children standing behind both Rose and Spooky, “Those are the First Ones, the 72.” Randall grew somber when he described the remaining nine scenes, “They show us the tests we had to pass to join the people of the moon.” The scenes were of different storms, massive ones by the look; all were windy and most had huge sheets of lightning among dark gray and black churning clouds. By now Crissy was fidgeting, wanting to straighten Randall out on some facts, but she caught John staring at her pointedly and shaking his head no slightly; so she stayed quiet for now. A minute later Randall led the ‘tourists’ further into the now huge cavern; as the natural lighting got dimmer and dimmer, Pete made sure his flashlight was at the ready when he noticed it wasn’t getting any dimmer. Instead the walls and ceiling of the rocky chamber began to glow with their own blue green light; while it was in no way bright, the illumination was adequate enough to see every rock, stalactite or stalagmite they were passing. Prophet Randall began naming the branch tunnels and caves as they passed or stopped in them. By the time Bill and crew went back to the Gymkhana and Einstein, they had not only gotten a better idea of how the subterranean cave complex gave the last people on Earth a chance to live, they came away with a graphic account of just ‘how’ it was done. It all boiled down to two ‘people’, a young girl by the name of Rose Dergan and a young dog named Spooky.
Chapter 4

The discussion was lively and somber at the same time that night in the Gymkhana’s galley; Bill started off, “I’m never gonna worry about how hard we had it on Sore Point, we were a mechanized society and that helped us, but these people had nothing!” Joe disputed that immediately, “Ha! That isn’t quite accurate Bill; they had three basic necessities for survival, food, water and shelter. Did you see the mushroom cave? It had more than enough varieties to keep a small group alive, and that ‘Lake Room’ had all the drinking water they could ever want. I tasted it and the water has a fairly high mineral content, which probably helped out too. Their ‘healing room’ is aptly named; it’s what is called a ‘hot spring’, fairly high in Sulphur that has good medicinal qualities, and that alone would help with a number of normal everyday ailments. In other words, they had a chance Bill; it wasn’t a great chance, but that little bit helped a lot. If there were one place on Earth where the human race had a slight hope of survival, this was it.” Crissy jumped in with a point the older men seemed to have missed, “What about the ‘play room; all those toys and other stuff didn’t just grow down there, and all the clothes, containers, blankets and towels piled up came from somewhere.”

John laughed with a half smile on his face, “ The reason for that is simple really, they had a leader too; In a big way Rose Dergan saved them all; she was only fifteen when the Earth died, all the rest were younger than she was by quite a lot. Prophet Randall let me ‘borrow’ her diary and it tells us the rest of the story; part of it anyway. Here’s a couple of her entries; he began reading, ‘It’s been three months now, and it looks like there won’t be any more kids coming in; the last one arrived over two weeks ago and he was real scrawny. Spooky and I still sing every night though; a couple kids tried singing with us last night, I’m gonna have to teach them the songs I can remember if this keeps up. Found an old map in the visitor center too; the South West is pretty sparsely populated around here, but there is Carlsbad City about 30 miles to the north. That shouldn’t be too hard to get to.’ The next entry was definitely upbeat, ‘Jackpot! Carlsbad isn’t as big as Miami was, but it is big enough to have lotsa businesses; plenty of houses too, but I didn’t let the kids go in those, too many dead bodies you can still smell from far away. But guess what Diary; we found a Wally World!! And it wasn’t looted either, so we will be raiding that place a lot; thank God for shopping carts!’ Gerry looked up perplexed, “What is a Wally World? Or a shopping cart for that matter.” Einstein let out a laugh over the speaker, “Google Earth to the rescue again; it refers to a large company on old Earth, called Walmart. They were department stores where you could ‘buy’ almost anything you could want; they were so popular the people jokingly called them Wally World. I don’t have a reference to shopping carts, but a picture of a store shows a number of people pushing metal baskets with wheels on them.” Einstein’s humor lightened up everyone’s mood for a moment; until Bill asked seriously, “Is there any more that could fill in the gaps we have?” John sighed deeply again, “Yes, and it isn’t pretty; Rose sent out ‘raiding parties’ periodically for the next two years, she was a smart girl and knew they needed as many basic items as they could accumulate here at the cave to help them survive. The last time she sent anyone out there were seven boys and girls in the group; only one came back, and he was burned badly. Rose called it an ‘acid rain’ from a storm that hit them out on the flat lands, this is what she said about it, ‘I remember acid rain from school, it was supposed to be an annoyance that could make you itch and give a rash sometimes, but this stuff kills. Terry’s skin is melted away in lots of spots and I don’t think his hair will ever grow back right. We put him in the healing pool and that helps some; God, his screams were horrible!’

That one incident apparently signaled the coming of large frequent storms, all with different dangers, for she stopped writing for a long time after that, except to mention several times that Spooky wouldn’t let anyone go near the entrance to the cave even when the sun was out. It was 13 years later before  they took a chance, and the city was gone; wiped away by the winds and rain. “Rose’s entries get farther and farther apart after that, until Spooky died; ‘I’m gonna miss him so much, Spooky was the one ray of sunshine for all of us. I think we will still sing every night though, it is the only shred of hope there is now; I know there was a big Moon Base up there, maybe they will come back for us one day.’ That explains why Randall keeps thinking we came from Earth’s Moon guys, it has been their only link with hope for a thousand years.” From the galley doorway came Gerry’s voice, “You all know we need to take them back with us , don’t you. We couldn’t sleep and listened in.” Crissy followed Gerry in, with Tipper licking away a few of her tears, “I know what you’ll say Da…Father, we don’t have enough food, it will be cramped, it is a long trip; all that doesn’t matter, we have to do it, period.” Joe actually smiled for a moment, “It would give me plenty of time to give each of them a thorough physical; while they all appear healthy enough in general, they are so thin they must all have vitamin deficiencies. We will have to ease them into a more nutritious diet over time; those mushrooms and other fungi kept those people alive all this time, but that was all.” He looked pensive for a moment, “That’s it! The mushrooms; we can stock the Gymkhana with them, and we can even eat them on the way back if we need to.” John laughed heartily for a full minute, worrying the others, but he finally settled down, “I love you guys, but you seem to always miss the biggest question of all; that is, will they ‘want’ to go with us?”
***
The answer they got from Randall the next morning would have been comical, if the whole situation wasn’t so tragic, “We are worthy to rejoin the people? I will tell the children, they will sing well” Bill asked more as an afterthought, “How many of you are there total Randall, I never counted?” The old man smiled for the first time since they met, “There are 41 of the children, two girls are with child and both are close to the time of judgment; we hope there will be 43 soon.” Joe picked up on that curious phrase, “Randall, are the two women sick at all?” He got a puzzled look in return, “No, not sick but having babies has always been hard, many do not live.” Joe gave out with his serious ‘physicians look’, “Well those two will get the luxury treatment then, in sickbay Bill. Randall, would you tell your children to prepare? We will need to bring some of your mushrooms for food on the journey, and each will need a blanket or two to sleep on.” Randall nodded, “It will be so”, and he got up and went deeper into the cave. Bill and Joe went back up to the ship to talk with Einstein, who was more than ready to demonstrate his genius, “I experimented on the way to Earth boss, not to get here faster than projected, but to see how much reaction mass I could save and still meet the timeline; I don’t think it is bragging to say I exceeded even my own expectations. I have twenty percent more mass to play with on the way back, and that will shave off four days by itself; there is also a maneuvering trick that was fairly common for starships to use to gain extra speed quickly. It is called a gravity slingshot maneuver but I never had a chance to use it before; Sore Point and Carandel don’t have gas giants in their systems, but Earth does; and the planet is right in our direction. Can I go ahead and plan for it Boss? There should be little turbulence cause I don’t actually have to dip into the atmosphere.” Joe picked up on the implied concern for their new passengers, “I’m proud of you Einy, you’re human compassion is showing.” That got a snort from Einstein, “No need to get all mushy Joe, I just like the opportunity to exercise more of my bag of navigational tricks; we have been doing more flying in the last four years than ever before, and I like that. It is what I was built for ya know; I’m thinking Boss Man here is going to want to head for Gleise 832 in the not too distant future, and every little trick helps.”

Throughout history humans have had a unique knack for doing the unexpected, and the last 41 examples on Earth were no exception; the crew of the Gymkhana thought they would have one or two more days to prepare for departure, but Randall and his charges had other ideas. As the sun lowered to the Western horizon, he led his people in a procession up from the cavern; every one carrying a blanket draped over their shoulders, and a container holding mushrooms. Big plastic and composite storage bins and little metal pots carried by the younger children, anything that would hold the food was placed carefully next to the ship’s boarding stairs; the people delivered their loads and then went to sit in the theater, waiting for the Moon to make its appearance. The crew stood dumbstruck until Gerry laughed, “Well let’s get to work guys, we just got told we are leaving now!” As they came back for the second batch, the seven youngest children stood waiting for them; Jenna spoke for all, “Can we bring a toy too?” Crissy smiled at the little girl, “Sure, bring as many as you want to.” For the first time all the children smiled and ran off back down the path to the cavern, coming back twenty minutes later with their blankets full of stuffed toys and other assorted ‘happy things’. Bill had Einy lower the ramp and Crissy had the kids pick their own spots to stash their treasures in the cargo bay; one boy had a folded up flat board under his arm and a bag of colored plastic disks, and Gerry asked him what it was, “Is a game, we show you how to play if you want.” Having had little experience with games at all on Sore Point, Gerry couldn’t really appreciate the historical moment; the oldest Earth game, Checkers, was finally about to travel outward to the stars…they saw the Moon rise above the ridge and they sang to it one more time; then the last true Earthlings filed into the cargo bay and watched the ramp close. Pete and Crissy stayed in the cargo bay to settle their charges and answer any questions that might pop up; there were very few questions though, as these people simply didn’t know what to ask at first. Joe and Gerry took the two pregnant women to sickbay and finally convinced them to try out the soft beds; it was their first hint that life could be much better than they knew. Bill and John went to the bridge to prepare for takeoff, and Bill made the mistake of commenting, “I hope they are comfortable back there, this is the most people we have crammed into the Gymkhana yet.” John couldn’t resist the opportunity, “Are you kidding me Bill, all of those people have been sleeping on cold solid rock all their lives; I expect the cargo bay deck plates feel like a soft bed to them at the moment.” Bill smirked right back, “Ok ok, point taken; let’s go Einy, all screens off except the bridge. They think we are just going to the Moon, so there’s no need to confuse them when they see it slide past. It’s a good thing they have no idea how long the trip is supposed to take.” It had been a boring journey to Earth, but on the trip back to Carandel boredom didn’t stand a chance; a routine developed even before the Gymkhana reached Jupiter. Both Joe and Gerry were preoccupied in sickbay with two obviously pregnant women, running numerous tests on each to develop a treatment plan to ensure healthy babies when the time came. As a result of that intense work schedule Andee and Melly spent much of each day with their passengers, along with Pete and Ned, Crissy and Tipper in the cargo bay, trying to get the young people to open up more. None of the survivors spoke much at first; only the littlest girl Jenna and Brent, the boy with the game, so Crissy concentrated on them. When she asked the boy to teach her his game, his face brightened and he set up the board; it took three hours before Crissy and Pete thought they understood the ‘rules’ well enough to present a challenge for their opponent. On the fourth day Bill finally thought to check on everybody and headed toward the cargo bay; at first he thought he heard shouting, but when he entered, nearly everyone was laughing, even Randall. The ice had broken and Bill was seeing the first traces of happy and content; it felt good. John had squirreled himself away in his cabin on the second day; it still plagued him that the last Earth survivors had managed to live on a world that actively tried to kill them periodically. He knew from her diary that Rose Dergan had had a major role in their survival, and the huge cavern certainly did, but there was still a piece missing; that missing piece was named Spooky, but John didn’t know it until he exclaimed out loud in frustration, “Spooky, what is your story!” Bella had been lying patiently at John’s feet, but she sat right up at that, “Picture on wall tell story Master; Spooky special like First Pack, had marks on neck.” If John was frustrated before, Bella’s statement sent him over the edge, “Spooky was pure white Bella; he had no markings on his neck, just a…collar! You mean the collar Bella?”

“Marks called collar? Understand, yes; Truth Teller tell us about First Pack always, all First Pack have collar. Spooky have First Pack collar too.” Rose had been an artist alright, she had painted Spooky’s portrait so well it looked like a picture of the dog; John had seen the collar with ‘Spooky’ in block letters, with a big black circle on each end to accent the name. He had never thought those circles had meant anything else, but now Bella was saying she had recognized Spooky’s collar as being the same as her ancestor’s collars, “The Generation Project! Argghhh, I don’t have it in this computer, it’s back on Carandel.” He swung around from the little desk and his leg hit the server hard, “Ow! Einstein, can I plug the base’s server into you? It might have something I’m looking for.” Einy gave out one of his signature chuckles, “Yes John, you can hook it up; just be aware, while I’m flying most of my processing power is focused on navigation, so any search will take some time. What am I looking for now?” While John inserted the data and power cables he thought about it, “I’m looking for any references to something called ‘Generation Project’, or any variations of the name; look in all files inside the server, ok buddy?” A softer response came a few seconds later, “You got it Boss man; you know, that’s the first time you called me buddy, are we friends John?” That bare innocence made John pause for a moment; he had never really thought about it before, “Einy, as far as I’m concerned we have always been friends; even if I don’t say the right words all the time.” Einy’s next words sounded happy, “Then I’ll get right on it my friend; if you would please, turn it on, I’ll let you know when I find anything.” John spent the rest of the day pondering Einstein’s relationship with humans; all of the club had talked with Einstein periodically, but only Bill and Joe had actually talked ‘with’ him, just basic chit chats, Realizing Einy was more than just a talking computer, John concluded he needed to adjust his thinking to include Einstein as the person he was. He was already asleep when Einy woke him, “John, I have found quite a few references to The Generation Project, but they are all in two of the staff’s personal partitions, a military bio-scientist stationed at the base, Major Eileen Sampson and a contract Engineer named Jerry Portman. Spooky was Jerry’s dog, and Eileen had an older dog named ‘Sandy’.” Bella suddenly sat straight up again and howled for a moment, “Sandy go to God when Master go too. Truth Teller say name in First Pack, was oldest dog.” If John was intrigued before, he was fanatical about putting this puzzle together now after Bella’s outburst, “Einy, give me all you got; can you transfer it into this laptop?” He didn’t get much sleep that night and sequestered himself and Bella in their cabin all the next day, before he knew without doubt what had happened so long ago.
Chapter 5

It had been a long time since the Sore Point Archaeological Society had called a club meeting and it wasn’t Pete calling it this time, so when John gathered them all together it was something akin to surprise that lingered in the galley’s atmosphere. Crissy begged off and went instead to the cargo bay, “I’m gonna try to calm them, this trip will probably frighten them some. Joe had to laugh, “Not a bad idea Crissy, but remember; the bay likely feels like just another cave to them. All the modern things might make them edgy though. John started in when she and Tipper cleared the doorway. “Ok, this is not usual I know, but something was bugging me about our passengers and how they survived for so long, alone on a dead Earth. At first I had thought that Rose was the key, and I’m sure she played a big part in it; but her leadership doesn’t account for all the bugs and viruses that were still lingering around. Randall told me his group doesn’t get sick, does that ring a bell with everyone? I found emails between two of the staff at that base, Einy found them actually; Major Eileen Sampson in the Earth Republic Aerospace Force and a contract starship Engineer, Jerry Portman, mostly about their dogs. Spooky was a Generation dog, the second one to get a shot of the prototype serum; the first dog belonged to the inventor of the drug, Eileen Sampson. She was a geneticist that worked on vaccines for the hundreds of nasty bugs that were plaguing the Earth; she was transferred from that base to an off planet secret research lab about six years before the last plague wiped out the Earth; get the hint? Yup, Major Sampson went to Carandel with her dog Sandy, where she continued improving the serum; Bella told me Sandy was one of the First Pack, the oldest one. Somehow Spooky got out of the base when Major Salazar took off for Carandel himself, I think that’s why we saw him in that video as Einstein flew over him. Have I got all of you confused yet?” Pete raised his hand and shook his head for a minute, “Well I admit I’m confused; you’re saying the Generation Project started back here? I always thought it was something they thought up on Carandel; how’d you bridge the huge gap between there and Earth?”  John laughed, “It was Spooky’s collar Pete; it just had his name and the two circles on it, but while I was in my cabin I remembered I’d seen the same identical collar on Candi in Doctor Dressler’s computer. The only thing different was the name and the fact that her collar had two 4’s on it bracketing her name, then it made sense to me. The numbers seemed to indicate which version was used on the dogs, and Spooky’s circles weren’t decorations at all like I had thought , they were zeros, indicating he was a prototype. All those kids back there in the cargo bay owe their lives to him really, especially Randall, the second scene on the mural suggests that; Spooky liked to lick faces a lot, and passed on his immunity to the first 72. From then on it would have been reinforced generation by generation…they all thought they were done with the meeting and started to get up; John stopped them though, “One more thing! While I was puzzling that out it came to me that we have been asking the wrong questions all along; we focused so long on ‘what’ happened to Earth, and ‘how’ that we have missed something important, the real question hovering over us is, why are any of us alive?”

The question wasn’t new, Sore Pointers had asked it many times during their isolated existence; but John asking it now threw them off. Pete tried to make light of it, “We are alive because we had all we needed to survive, and the willpower to do it John, everybody knows that”…he looked at the big man for a moment, then at Ned sitting at his feet, “but you don’t mean it that way, do you; are you going to get all mystical on us?” John had to smile, “Alright, you caught me; but I’ll try not to get too weird on you all. Everything we know so far seems to be random isolated events if you look at each one by itself, but since we found that base I don’t think they are so isolated anymore; the incidents are linked together, and if any one of them had not happened I don’t think any of us would have survived in the long run. The dogs have said over and over that ‘God watches over all’, and while it is a nice way to think, there wasn’t any real evidence that proved it; until we found our friends back there in the cargo bay. There was one entry in Rose Dergan’s diary that still has me wondering if it isn’t true; when the first 72 came together, all of them had pretty much the same story, ‘The voice told them to follow the song’, think about that.” Einstein chose that moment to announce, “Joe, Gerry, one of the women in sickbay is moaning, I think she may be going into labor.” As the two medical experts ran out of the galley, Joe yelled back, “Everybody stay out unless I call for you, this could be touchy.” The remaining three men looked at each other for a moment, and John said, “Let’s go back and keep our friends company for a while; I wonder what Crissy and Tipper have been up to.” They had to smile when they saw Andee and Melly sitting on their haunches, ‘guarding’ the closed door to sickbay.

Even before being ‘rescued’, the small group of Earth survivors had been a quiet lot; the only time they had spoken above a whisper was when they sang each night. The Gymkhana was four days into its return journey to Carandel now, and with no moon to guide their routine anymore Crissy spent some time trying to loosen up her guests by telling them what Carandel was like, only to run into a brick wall when she mentioned the weather. One of the older men, all of thirty years old maybe, actually raised his voice when she mentioned rain, “You have ‘dirty sky’ too? It will be the same then, not better!” It frustrated Crissy quite a bit at first, but Tipper managed to calm the man’s fears by simply telling the truth from his perspective, “Sky not dirty, is clean; rain feel good too, not hurt. New thing scary first time, know that; we go good home, you see.” It was the longest string of words Tipper had ever uttered, but it appeared to do the trick for even Randall became more animated than he had so far, “I think we should listen to the young one, he knows of this new place we journey to; these people give us the hope we have long watched for, let us learn this new way.” By the time Bill, Pete and John entered the cargo bay with their dogs a new element had been added to the atmosphere; laughter at Crissy’s attempts to learn the game of Checkers. 41 new additions to the known human race had left Earth four days previously, but when Joe and Gerry announced the birth of a healthy baby girl later that evening there were 42, and the last Earth survivors did what they knew best; they sang…

As promised, Einstein delivered his passengers back to Carandel five days earlier than predicted; when he landed and lowered the ramp it was hard to tell who was more shocked at the arrival. Everyone who was waiting on Carandel expected the same 12 who had left almost three months ago, only to see the 42 additional ‘people’ walking slowly off the Gymkhana; they all knew the destination had been Earth, so there would a heck of a lot of questions lining up to be answered. The newcomers had it just as tough; they were used to an average 40 as a population, but now they saw over 100 on the rock outcropping and would see before the day was over some 3000 more wandering around the new community growing down on the grassy plain below; the migration from Sore Point had not stopped while the crew was gone. It would take some time before the new Carandelans felt totally comfortable with their new home, and there was much to learn on top of that; a new era in the history of the human race was upon everyone, and would have been overwhelming had it not been for the fact that all of them shared one key factor. All of them were Earthlings, even the dogs; they all had originated there, it was the common bond that united all of them as a people once again. Randall was even less apprehensive once he met Kurt Rogers; fairly close to the same age, they found a common ground in that and would often just chat long into the night about the most mundane issues. While they had vastly different backgrounds, they soon found that they both shared an intense desire to see the human race succeed. Kurt even pried an explanation from Randall on why he had been fearful at first; the old man had been afraid he would have no purpose once they reached their new home, Kurt set him straight on that issue.
***
As often happens in a society, solving one puzzle creates other puzzles; in this case there were two that presented themselves as a direct result of the trip to Earth. The first one was obvious and tormented Pete for almost a week before he finally went to Bill to discuss it, “Bill, we have to go back to Earth and get that other ship up and running; think of the flexibility we’d have to really explore then. It will take some planning, and maybe two or three trips, but when can we go to at least install the reactor and do some flight testing?” Bill wanted to laugh at Pete’s enthusiasm, but he really couldn’t without embarrassing him, “I hear ya Pete, but we also have another important mission to look for those missing people from that survey ship. Einy identified where they should be, and if they are alive after all this time, we owe it to their descendants to let them know we can help if they want it. I’m thinking that must be our first priority, and I think you know it too.” It might have been something of a stalemate if Pete’s dog Ned hadn’t looked up at them both, “Masters do all same time; big caves fly all time now.” Sanna yipped suddenly, “Yes, big cave go one place, Einy go other place; easy!” The two astounded humans stared at their companions for a long time; both Bill and Pete knew from experience that dogs were intelligent, but until just then they had never realized that they had been watching and learning too, ever since they first met. The dogs didn’t see problems as being barriers you had to go over, under or around; they thought about a problem, found a simple solution, and just went right through it. The beauty of that approach was, it usually worked; starships and very long distances required a little additional planning however. Bill tried explaining it to the two dogs, “That’s actually a good idea you two, but it will still take a lot of planning before we can do something like that.” While Bill was certainly used to Einstein’s acerbic comments, he was not prepared for Sanna’s snarky response, “Ha! Sometime Master think ‘too much’; come Ned, go play with new Masters, make feel good?” Pete couldn’t hold back his laugh, “I think we better get Tricia involved with this idea Boss; she and Oren are building a house at her ‘grotto’. Let’s go visit them, shall we Einy?”

“Oscar is the ship for the job Pete; he was the first, and because of that has had more intense inspections than any of the other four. After some twelve trips back and forth, he’s also proven he is reliable.” Pete had to laugh at the glowing accolade, “You might be a tad prejudiced there Trish, but I have to agree he’s darn near perfect for what I want to do back on Earth; all the tools and hoisting gear is already there to fine tune that ship. The only thing that was bugging me bad was how to fill it up with reaction mass and water, but Oscar’s tanks carry plenty to do that and still leave more than enough for his return trip. Ok, now the big question; will you two ‘loan’ us Oscar?” Oren and Trish looked at each other, then broke out laughing before Oren could say it, “Loan! Are you  nuts, I’m the only one who flies Oscar and Trish isn’t about to pass up a trip to Earth, so we are going back with you.” So it was that the ‘Resurrection Project’ had its first two recruits; in barely thirty minutes of planning they had leaped over most of the potential obstacles. They settled on who would comprise the remaining crew by simply asking Trish’s original helpers, half of which had already migrated to Carandel; all six of them signed on immediately, eager for the chance to see the legendary Earth up close and personal. In a single day half of  the next missions plans were outlined; it gave Bill time to focus on the other half, searching for the lost survey ship, and its crew’s descendants if there were any. Logistically it would be the same as going back to Earth, and he had experience with that now; the difference would be the great unknown, what to do if you ‘do’ find people. After more than one thousand and five years anything was possible; those people had had a similar fate as the people of Sore Point, being stranded on an alien world. That was where the similarity ended however; the Sore Pointers had been taken by surprise, victims of the fickle finger of fate, whereas the crew of the Lewis and Clark would have been professional explorers who had a different mindset. They ‘knew’ they might never come back to Earth again; Bill had to keep that distinction in mind while he began asking around for who might want to join him on this mission. It was too easy to find volunteers, as the whole club wanted to go; what was left of the club anyway. Over the last three years the original 11 had dwindled to 7 members of the Sore Point Archaeological Society, as the others took advantage of the good life on Carandel. Pete wanted badly to go to Gleise 832, but his pet project with Einstein’s twin won that tug of war in the end. Both Joe and Gerry had their own bouts with conscience; they had pretty much taken the ‘kids from Earth’ under their wings in an effort to acclimate the newest additions as quickly as possible; while a fair number were in their twenties and thirties, all of them were none the less children when it came to knowledge and understanding, so Joe and Gerry bowed out. That left Crissy and John, Tipper, Bella and Bill’s own Sanna; the dogs would not miss the trip, to them it was just another adventure…and Ted Chamberlain with his dog Digger; yes, he got his name because as a puppy he liked to dig holes, Bill had asked once. Digger was a perfect match for Ted, neither one talked much unless they had something to say; when Bill had tried to identify what breed of dog Digger was, he couldn’t settle on just one; Digger had the features of three different breeds actually, all small to medium sized. He was probably the friendliest dog in the entire pack though, a feat in itself, wagging his tail constantly whenever he was around humans. Digger had done the asking when he and Ted had cornered Bill, “We go find Masters too now?”

Ted wasn’t valuable to the club because he specialized in anything, he didn’t really specialize in any particular type of information, any more than the others had in the club; he was valuable because ‘every’ scrap of information was interesting to him. Just as John was the oldest in the club, Ted was the youngest ‘official member’ at 18; he would often take his findings to John to sort out his tidbits into yet another discovery; this time John knew something special was up, Ted was actually excited about one of his finds, “Look at this John, in the mission summary it said they were going to that star to find if there was a planet that was habitable, but in the message the Captain said “target 2 planet”; I think they were checking out two planets, not one.” John and Ted took the revelation to Bill; while it wasn’t exactly ‘Earth shattering’, the information did illustrate that when investigating the unknown you had to plan for anything. Even though they would make this now longer trip with fewer ‘people’, they still crammed as much food into the Gymkhana’s refrigerators as they had before.
Chapter 6

No matter how much planning you do, there is always some tiny detail that might be missed; usually those minor details had little effect on the overall project, but once in a while one small oversight would doom even the most meticulous of plans. The problem lay in the simple fact that when you are expert in an area you look at things too closely sometimes and tend to make assumptions; assumptions that could get you hurt or even killed. It helps to have a dispassionate helper to straighten out your thinking; Pete already knew that well, it was his dog Ned who had made it enormously easier to convert old short range ore shuttles into starships with a simple observation. It wasn’t Ned however who made the innocent comment that would prevent a potential failure this time; it was the only dog who had ever piloted any aircraft…“Only four days before we head to Earth and I had to get myself injured; Ow Gerry, that hurts!” Gerry laughed at Pete as she probed the bruised wrist in the complex’s infirmary, “Oh you baby, it’s only a sprain; your wrist will be tender for a week or so, but this soft brace will help a bit. It doesn’t give much support, but it will remind you not to move the wrist while it heals. You know, this reminds me that what you’ll be doing back there is dangerous, and more of you might need my attentions; maybe I should set up shop on Oscar, our newest additions are acclimating well and they still look to Randall for guidance. I’ll talk it over with Joe tonight. Pete brightened up at the offer, “You’d be more than welcome Gerry, the hardest part will be installing the reactor; it’s pretty heavy to maneuver around. But once we give the ship power, it’ll be a day or two for systems checks, and then we’re on to flight tests!” From her vantage point on the corner of the desk Melly piped up, “Hope new Einy know to fly good; is scary first time!” A stunned Pete stared off into space for a moment, “I never thought of that. What if the pilot doesn’t even work?” He jumped up suddenly and headed for the infirmary door, shouting over his shoulder, “Many thanks Melly, I have to talk to Einstein!” Gerry chuckled for a while, “Yes Melly, I think we will go with Pete; men need protection from themselves.”

You would think Einstein laughed at Pete’s oversight, but you’d be wrong; as smart as he was Einy had never pondered the most important part of the resurrection project Pete was taking on; he was feeling rather guilty about it too, “I’ve concentrated entirely on the trip to Gleise Pete, it has thousands of variables of its own. I apologize for not devoting any time to the variables you’ll be facing. Alright, there are three possible starting points for after the reactor is installed and running; the most optimistic is that the AI was pre-loaded with all baseline flight and navigation programs before being physically installed on the ship, that would save you time with systems checks and flight tests. The drawback to that is that the baseline programs will include Command Recognition protocols, and the Command Code will NOT be the same as mine; you will have to find the ship’s code sequence somewhere on the base, it was not in the server, I looked. I can however give you the Base Commander’s Access Code, that will let you into any computer on the base, as it overrides individual passwords; remember, that was a military facility where everything was kept secret, even from each other. The Command Recognition Code will likely be in the Project Manager’s files, but a backup will definitely be in Colonel Jacob’s computer in his office; do you follow me so far?” Pete gave out with one of his signature ironic laughs, “That is a lot to remember Einy, but I think I got it. Whew, that’s only the first one huh? Would you print that out for me Buddy?” Einstein didn’t laugh, ”Yes my friend, I’ll print all of this out, it may be a small book in the end; this gets progressively worse with the other two options.” Einstein played teacher long into the night, explaining each variable in detail, all the while organizing and printing out what could be called a Starship Command and Control technical manual. He made it very clear just how much more difficult the flight aspect could get, finally saying, “If worst comes to worst, I would recommend leaving him right where he is until I can get back there to interact with him directly; in this you want to be cautious, not stubborn.” After getting some sleep, Pete took his ‘book’ over to Trish for her opinion the next morning; her simple comment said it all, “Wow!” It wasn’t necessary or even openly planned that way, but Bill’s and Pete’s crews pretty much agreed to leave Carandel at the same time on the same day; just so they could ‘see’ each other for the few hours they would be visible. While both ships were heading out on the same general ‘vector’, their respective destinations were trillions of miles apart. They did something for those hours that hadn’t been done in centuries; they talked by radio on the old short range corporate operations channel, and when the voices evaporated into static they went their separate ways…
***
“Are you ever gonna tell me why you changed your mind Joe?” Bill had been asking the same question ever since Joe and Andee had literally leapt onboard just before Einstein had closed the boarding hatch and taken off. Joe had closed the door to sickbay and had been rearranging all his medicines and supplies back and forth between cabinets all day. Bill had known Joe all his life, and the good Doctor occasionally got moody when he had something on his mind, usually something medically related, so Bill didn’t feel too bothered by his friend’s abrupt decision to join them on this excursion. What did bother him however was the fact that Andee was acting the same way; he didn’t wag his tail at all and half the time it was stuck between his hind legs; the dog actually seemed frightened, but wouldn’t say why; Andee only said once, “Not fear, bad feel.” That was why he took the chance and opened the sickbay door one more time; he got more of an answer than he wanted, “I had a dream dammit! Alright? It kinda scared me silly…I’m sorry Bill, it really threw me off, that’s why I changed my mind, it made me realize we should have medical care on every trip.” Bill had to think on that one for a minute, “Well, I’m glad you chose to come of course; and I suppose you’re right about having medical people on the ships now that we have so many places to go. But we all have bad dreams Joe, heck I’ve had plenty myself over the years, what made this one so different?” Joe gave him an exasperated look in return, before he said, “Does Sanna share your dreams Bill? Tell him Andee…” The dog sat down and looked up at Bill, “Have same dream Master. Dark out, two moons in sky; see dark animal far away, big eyes shine like sun, watch me. I run in ship, not Einy ship, then Master Joe wake up. Not scared, but not feel good.” Joe looked at Bill, trying to chuckle, “After I woke up, it took me over a minute to wake Andee up; he was twitching all over and whining some. He told me about his dream and just said “We go too Master”, so here we are; weird, huh…” Weird or not, the matching dreams did make Bill edgy, “Ookay, we’ve barely started on this one and something odd has happened already; the way you describe it, the dream doesn’t seem all that sinister to me, but I don’t want to ignore it either; the big glowing eyes part is creepy. Einy, we may have a long way to go but rule number one is we approach that star with extreme caution, understood?” Getting an agreement from him, Bill added “Let’s have a meeting so we can all get on the same page right now.” Their meeting was fairly short; both Joe and Andee told their versions again from two different perspectives, and it creeped all of them out enough to agree to stay close to the Gymkhana if they landed anywhere. There would be no wandering off to explore by themselves this time.

In the three weeks it took to reach the Gleise 832 star system the dream faded however, from the feeling of anxiety to a background sense of caution for the unknown. In the forefront was the excitement of seeing a totally new set of planets; Einstein slowed to a reasonable speed when he passed the outermost planet, an icy gem with thin dark bands equally spaced from one pole to the other, and he began scanning inward. “Well, so much for the Google Earth program; it said the speculation indicated one known planet with another one possible, but this system has five total it looks like. They get bigger closer in to the star; I’ll have a better view for you in about an hour.” The system having more planets than an old learning program from Earth postulated wasn’t that big a deal; even the best telescopes of the time could only see so much with the vast distances involved. The biggest planets in close to their star wasn’t a cause for concern either; there was no ‘preferred’ design to the Universe, but as the Gymkhana drew closer the oddities piling up had even Einstein wondering what was going on here, “Alright, this does seem strange; can you see the hazy rings around them? The inner most two planets both have atmospheres and they are orbiting pretty close to each other; planet 1 is about half the size of Earth’s Jupiter, and planet 2 is something like four times the size of Earth itself, but the gravity readings don’t add up, the cores must not be as dense as the planets in the Earth system.” Having had little formal schooling at all, Crissy was always playing catch up when Einstein explained things scientific, “I know gravity holds you on the ground Einy, but what does that have to do with size? Sore Point, Faraway, Sampson and Seldon are all different sizes, but they all feel the same as Carandel, and Earth for that matter.” Joe jumped in, “You’re right Crissy; what Einy is referring to isn’t so much the size as what is way down in the very middle of a planet, it’s called ‘core density’ and that affects how much gravity a planet has, as well as its magnetic field. Really big planets usually have much more gravity, but apparently these two don’t follow that rule, both are way bigger than all the others we know.” Crissy was a bit skeptical, but something else caught her eye as they got even closer, “Look! That second planet has two moons, that’s gotta be where the Lewis and Clark is.” Bill didn’t laugh at his Daughter’s assumption, “If we go only by the dream yes, but I think we’ll check out the biggest planet first; it will take the longest to ‘survey’ if you will. Einstein broke in with the last surprise for a while, “Well I’ll be…the bigger moon has an atmosphere too! It looks pretty thin but there are some clouds; those explorers from back then picked a good system to head for.”

The huge first planet confirmed just how strange this system was; except for small ice caps at both poles and four large oceans they could not see the surface on any land mass. The many mountain peaks poking through all over the planet were the only indication that there was in fact land under the continuous canopy of lush jungle carpeting the entire world. “This is crazy, I’ve never seen so much color before; and why all that mist hanging over it?” John laughed loudly for a moment, “This is where I can be useful Joe, I think it is called a ‘run away green house’; I had only read a description in Newt’s notes before I saw the Amazon jungle on Earth, this looks very similar. It is caused when there is too much CO2 in the atmosphere, it is probably 100 degrees or more all the time under that dense jungle, and really humid too”; John conducted a long science lesson on why it was important to have balanced ecology on a planet, “It’s why Carandel is so nice to be on, and why Earth may be again one day, nature is in balance. If the Lewis and Clark had crashed on this world, I doubt we would ever find it, and that presumes there would be anything left to find after over a thousand years of corrosion.” Bill ended the science lesson abruptly, “That settles it then; it has taken us three days to even see a portion of this big boy, take us out to that second planet Einy, that one will still take quite a while to explore, even if it is only a pebble compared to this one.” Einstein expressed relief when he answered, “You got it Boss, and thank you for not making me fly down there, I don’t need to get rusty; I do want to swing by that bigger moon before we start a search pattern though, I’m curious why it has an atmosphere and what it’s composed of…oh, and you’re right John, the CO2 levels are way higher than Carandel’s atmosphere.”
***
The moon was a dud; Einy never did figure out why it had an atmosphere, but when he ‘sniffed’ it the usual snarky humor surfaced again, “You would never want to smell it, let alone breathe it; it has a high sulphur content, along with some methane and a lot of inert gasses mixed in, but virtually no oxygen at all; it is just a big rock in space, just like the smaller one. Ok, heading down to our prime candidate, it matches the gravity in the message and the gas mix is right for ‘Earth like’, this is our kind of planet.” Ted chose that time to give his own opinion, “I don’t know about that Einy, everything looks weird and pink; even the sky is more purple than blue.” Crissy jumped right up, “Oh I know why that is; this star’s light is different, it is called a Red Dwarf, so everything looks different than we are used to.” It got John’s attention and he raised an eyebrow, “Someone has been studying in school it seems; you’re exactly right Crissy, our suns are yellow G type, but his one is M type and makes everything a bit pink-ish, that jungle planet is the same way. We will get used to it I think, but those trees don’t grow straight up like we are used to, and that has me wondering.” The trees did look more like outsized bushes really; the ‘branches grew right up out of the ground, rather than from a central trunk. There were more conventional bushes growing in between the taller trees, as if competing for the best growing spots; and there were small grassy areas nearer the numerous rivers and streams, with mountains sprinkled in all over the planet. It looked as if this planet had one idea in mind when it grew its flora, and stuck to that plan. ‘Earth Like’ it was, but no one would ever be confused by the similarities. The variety of colors sprouting from the flora shouted out that there was food here; there were many animals evident too, some were recognizable as versions of those seen on Carandel, while others would need some study to figure out what they were supposed to be; there were plenty of them though. The intrepid explorers only gave them a cursory attention; they were looking for something much more important; an Earth starship from the past. After two days everyone was wondering  if they would ever find it on this super Earth, when it found them; the old starship ‘winked’ at Einstein while he flew over one of the many semi-deserts, “There’s a flash of light off to the left by that forest, I’m heading for it”… Surprise is a concept that requires expectations; no one on the Gymkhana had any idea what an ancient survey starship was supposed to look like, not even Einstein, but they knew instinctively that the Lewis and Clark would not look like their ‘ride’. The Gymkhana was experimental when it was built, they all knew that; but was it the ‘first’ experiment? The massive ore freighters of the time were purpose built, with fossil fuel rocket engines, Einy had the design drawings from the corporate archives to prove that; they were never intended for anything more than moving stuff around, so were big and bulky, so to be fair it would be easy to assume this ship had rocket engines as well. However, the ‘LC’ on the screen did not, and Einstein knew it when he got a close up look at the two exhaust chambers, “Those are ion engines folks!” Bill beat him to the next startled comment, “Are those wings I’m seeing on that ship Einstein?”

It was long, sleek and very exotic in appearance; a mad scientist’s idea of what a starship should look like, even after a millennia its polished hull still shined. The crumpled front 50 feet of the ship touching the huge rock outcropping belied the reason 19 people had died in the landing. The Lewis and Clark lay tilted to its left, near a forest of the strange looking trees, supported by its right landing gear strut, the left being broken off somewhere; as Einstein landed next to the side of the ship another odd design feature came into view, “Look at that Boss, it is a big gravity emitter under the wing. That explains how they managed to land, those wings don’t have enough surface area to hold up that beast in atmospheric flight by themselves. Weird design, but it apparently worked well enough when they needed it; makes it kinda obvious they intended to land on planets they found.” Under the hull, just behind the wings was an inviting set of boarding stairs lowered to the ground, something the five humans simply could not resist; Bill exercised his rights as ‘Mission Commander’, “Ok, these are the rules, everybody stay together, no wandering off; we spend no more than two hours looking around, and somebody should stay out here to watch for anything unusual. It’s a little late to be thinking of it now, but we should have brought something along to protect ourselves. The big flashlights are pretty heavy so all of you carry one.”  Once each was ‘armed’ with their trusty flashlights, Ted volunteered to stay at the foot of the stairs; Joe surprised them all by electing to stay on the Gymkhana to read and ‘tidy up’ his sickbay. Bill gave him a suspicious look, but couldn’t fault Joe for wanting to be prepared; it did make Bill a bit uneasy though, with all the animals they had seen from the air, this particular area was pretty quiet, he was used to all the sounds on Carandel, not silence like this place. Joe was naturally uneasy too, but it had nothing to do with the silence; the survey ship laying where it was and the bluff of rock and sand to the right of the Gymkhana were exactly like the vision in his dream. It was so strikingly similar that he paced up and down the central passageway for a while before realizing the differences; it was broad daylight now and there was no dark shape on top of the bluff, so he calmed down and did some ‘make work’ in sickbay, figuring he had plenty of time for anything that might happen at night; he did have some time, but it wasn’t nearly enough for what happened later.
Chapter 7

It felt like a worthy assignment at first, ‘protecting’ his friends, but after almost an hour Ted was getting bored; so he and Digger began to explore a little, looking for anything lying on the ground that might prove interesting. There was a lot to look at, but eventually they strayed farther away from the ships toward the rocky bluff some 40 yards away. Ted picked up a small stone that had  all sorts of different colors imbedded in it, when Digger said, “Big animal Master, on top.” It sat atop the bluff just staring at them; had anyone bothered to look in the Google Earth program they would have recognized what appeared to be an Earth Panther. Any similarity ended there, for it only had the long sleek body of a cat; a very big cat. Somewhat bulkier, this alien cat was at least three times the size and had to weigh four or five hundred pounds. The fur was jet black, and Ted could see a long black tail swishing back and forth a few times; the animal just stared with super sized eyes, easily as big as dinner plates. If he had known of such ancient things, Ted would have thought it looked like a cartoon character; and it just stared at them. After about five minutes, the big cat stood and walked nonchalantly out of sight, down the other side of the ridge. Realizing how far they were from the Gymkhana Ted said, “Come on Digger, we better get back where we are supposed to be.” Taking a slightly different route back to the ships the two wayward travelers passed a big hole in the rocks, and another animal came out; Ted knew what this one was, he’d seen plenty of wild pigs on Carandel. They had tusks, were usually pretty small, and would run away from humans; this one didn’t follow the rules however, for it was much bigger and didn’t like anyone intruding on its territory. It squealed once and charged at the two; Digger’s instincts took over and he charged right back, trying to scare off the pig by circling it, but this one didn’t play by any rules at all. It turned sharply, catching Digger with a tusk; and it was over in a single heartbeat, Digger’s yelp of pain accentuated his 10 foot flight through the air and he lay on his side where he landed. The angry pig grunted a few times and focused its attention on Ted, frozen in horror at seeing his dog hurt so badly. Several things happened all at once; everyone heard Digger’s cry of pain and came running out of the two ships, only to see the large pig begin charging Ted; and a huge black shape leap from the top of the bluff, taking the pig in its mouth…with the pig now squealing loudly, the big cat shook it a few times and with a flick of its head, threw the pig to the rocks. As the pig got up and limped back into its hole, the huge cat walked slowly over to Digger and sat down; lowering its head the cat sniffed Digger for a moment, then licked Digger’s wound slowly with the biggest tongue any of them had ever seen. Then the big cat did the strangest thing. It stood, backed up about five feet, and sat down again staring at Ted for a moment; and nodded down toward Digger while mewling softly. The tableau couldn’t have been crazier; only it could, as a voice came from the top of the bluff, “Halla! Ooran kanet laan.” The cat looked over its shoulder, turned and ran back to the bluff; leaping the thirty feet easily to sit beside the man who had called out to her.

Ted took that moment as a gift and ran over to Digger; picking up the mangled dog gently in his arms he carried Digger to where Joe was waiting with his mouth hanging open. With tears in his eyes Ted pleaded, “You gotta save him Doc, I can see his insides!” Joe looked at the wide wound in Digger’s belly for a moment, “I’ll do what I can Ted, take him into sickbay. I wish Gerry was here to assist.” Crissy was half way to the boarding stairs, Tipper running beside her, “I’ll help you Joe, Gerry has been teaching me nursing stuff for a while now.” Managing a half smile Joe looked her over, “You’re hired Crissy; let’s get in there and set up the operating table, lay out a clean sheet to cover it and set out the bottles of sterile wash and iodine; prep the suture kit too, he has a lot of wound to stitch up. He’s still breathing, but that’s a bad gash.” As the two med techs went to sickbay, Bill and John, Sanna and Bella were still watching the strange man on the top of the bluff with wide eyes.

He wasn’t a man in the conventional sense; just like this world he was supersized, a giant of a man, wearing a full body suit similar to ones they had seen before several years before in a strange underground facility on Carandel. He had clearly human features and close cropped red hair; Bill estimated the man was at least 7 feet tall at this distance, making him the perfect companion for his obviously obedient  big cat. He stood watching for a good ten minutes before raising his right hand in a universal hail. “I think he wants to come down and talk for a while.” John raised his own right hand in acknowledgment, and the man nodded, jumping off the bluff with the cat leaping alongside him. The pair walked slowly toward Bill and John, the giant keeping his hands away from the objects hanging off a belt; probably weapons of some kind. When he stopped in front of them he placed his right hand over his chest and bowed, saying, “Ooran”, then placing his hand on the cat’s head, “Halla” Picking up on the meaning, John pointed at the giant, repeating the name, then did the same with Halla. Bill and John returned the naming gesture, introducing themselves; then introduced Sanna and Bella. The two dogs and Halla sniffed each other for a minute and lightly licked each other in their own way; then the three humans got down to business, trying to communicate with vastly different languages. Talking through gestures being settled on as the best way to understand each other, the silent talk talk began in earnest. John pretty much became the lead translator, simply because he picked up the meanings of Ooran’s multiple gestures better than Bill did. Bella and Sanna tried helping in the effort, and often their simpler interpretations of the wild hand and arm movements made the process easier. It only took a minute to figure out Ooran and Halla came from the huge planet 1 and their society actually lived there; but when Bill pantomimed the Gymkhana flying there to meet his people, Ooran shook his head no rather violently. It took longer for him to get the point across that it would be just too hot and humid down on that planet. John actually laughed when he understood, “He is telling us we would sweat our butts off down there Bill, now I know why he wears that thick suit; he is actually cold here, even though to us it feels like a normal warm day.” Using some creative antics they were told the story of the Lewis and Clark’s crash landing there and the explorers turned colonists’ attempts to live here; when Ooran pointed to the forest and bade the two to follow him, they walked about a quarter mile into it, to a fair size clearing where the remnants of shelters were still evident. There wasn’t much left to look at, but Ooran hadn’t brought them to the clearing to see crude houses in a shambles; he pointed to the far end and led them to where a neat series of half circles lay, marked with exactly 72 small crosses stuck in the ground, fashioned from local wood. In the center of the semicircle stood a single large flat stone standing on end; on it were familiar symbols Bill and John had seen before. Each cross was marked with the name of a crew member, matching the roster of the Lewis and Clark; it took almost an hour before the two Carandelans thought they understood what had happened long ago, and it wasn’t pretty. Just before they left the gravesite Ooran knelt on one knee and bowed his head for a minute, while the cat Halla lifted her head toward the sky and let out a long single note in song. Sanna and Bella joined in for the short  aria, and John whispered, “They honor these people Bill; Ooran’s ancestors knew them and tried to help, it’s the only explanation.” Ooran led them back by a different route, ending up on the other side of the bluff with just a hint of the Lewis and Clark peeking above it; sitting there waiting on the ground was Ooran and Halla’s ‘ride’; Bill would have laughed if the day’s events hadn’t been so sad, “Well that settles it; that thing may be a newer design, but it’s definitely one of those scooters we found in that underground base.” They made their farewells using the now standard gestures, with a few new ones added for good measure; then Ooran and Halla hopped into the scooter, closed the canopy and took off  for their home, the huge jungle planet dominating the Western sky. Bill and John found their way around the bluff, and to their own home away from home; Joe was waiting for them, pacing back and forth in front of the Gymkhana, about as agitated as Bill had ever seen him, “What’s the matter Joe, is Digger…” Joe let out a sardonic laugh, “Nooo, Digger will be just fine when he heals; that is what has me bamboozled, I was sure he wouldn’t make it. That little dog was torn up bad, but not an hour later he was breathing easier and there was evidence he was starting to heal on his own. It took 107 stitches to close him up, and now Crissy is watching both of them; I gave Ted a sedative to make him sleep, he was a basket case. I’ll tell you one thing though; I have got to get a sample of that cat’s saliva Bill, there must be some potent antibiotic properties in it.” Bill managed a laugh at that, “Maybe next time Joe, if there is a next time; Ooran and Halla went back to their home on that big planet, and we have a lot to talk about on the way back to Carandel; Einy! Get ready, we are going home.”

No one actually balked at going back to Carandel so soon, Digger’s injury tended to prevent any outright rebellion; Crissy looked like she wanted to complain, but thought better of it when she thought of how mangled Digger had been. Joe had bandaged the dogs middle just tight enough to provide some support for his internals to settle back into place, and prevent the stitches from pulling out when he woke up and wanted to move around like normal. Joe knew that was coming, so he thought up a little demonstration for the dog. When Digger did wake up just after midnight ships time Ted was already up and taking the watch while Joe got a breather, he was just staring at Digger and stroking the dog’s head, “Einstein, would you get Joe and let him know Digger is awake please?” Joe opened the door 30 seconds later, “Ahh, my patient is coming along, how do you feel Digger?” The dog thought about that for a moment, finding the right words, “Legs stiff, need to walk; feel better if walk.” Joe smiled at the dog’s determination, pretty much all patients were like that, “Ok, but you were hurt badly Digger. Tell you what, we’ll stand you up here on the table for a minute, and you tell me how it feels; then we will go from there, ok?” Joe picked Digger up carefully, taking care not to touch the stitched up area and stood the small dog on all four legs, letting him take the weight. It only took a couple seconds for the legs to start trembling, “Ok Digger, what do you think?” The answer was pretty much comical, “Think lie down Doktor Joe; not feel good.” Joe did laugh then, and launched into his prepared speech, “Good, you just felt why you need to stay lying down for a few more days at least; you are still weak and need to get your strength back slowly. You were a good boy just now, so I’ll let Ted take you back to your cabin to lie on the bed while you get stronger, ok? But remember, Ted is the Boss and you do what he tells you.” Digger looked puzzled, “Master always Boss Doktor Joe, I do.” Joe got a real laugh out of that innocent comment, “Alright then; Ted, you are in charge of Digger’s recovery now, no rushing this at all or we will be dealing with worse problems, ok? Don’t pick him up in the middle like normal; one arm around his chest area, one around his backside, and don’t bump into anything.” After he cleaned up sickbay a bit more and wiped down the surgical table, Joe went back to his cabin where Andee was still sleeping soundly, and lay down once again; sleep came a little easier now.

John spent three days preparing a little presentation for the benefit of the three onboard who hadn’t been at the settlement; especially Crissy and Ted, who were always curious. What had happened to the people of the Lewis and Clark was sort of bizarre, because the reason they had all died was so simple it was tragic. John finally accepted the evidence for what it was and sighed; while he didn’t plan it that way, it was oddly appropriate that he told them his conclusions after dinner, “Bill and I went with Ooran and Halla to where the Lewis and Clark’s crew set up a camp of sorts; there is nothing left of the shelters they made, but there were 72 graves. They all died right here, a quarter mile from the ship, and probably within six months of arriving here; it was the food.” Joe sat up straight, “You mean they were poisoned John?” “No no, nothing like that Joe, it took a while for Ooran to get the point across to us; he even pantomimed eating and ate some fruit or something off a bush, and Bella ate one too.” Bella put her two cents in then, “Smell good, not bad. Taste wrong, empty.” John smiled at his dog and continued, “Good description Bella; I tried a bite too and it did have some odd taste to it. Anyway, after a lot of gestures repeated over and over Ooran managed to convey that none of the plants and fruits, berries or whatever is nutritious for us, it won’t sustain us. For Ooran and his people it’s perfectly good for them; and Halla of course and her kind, but for the Lewis and Clark it was a death sentence.” He laughed sarcastically, “It’s the greatest irony ever, but on a big planet like this, jammed full of every kind of food you could imagine, they starved!”

Crissy was almost in tears when she spoke up, “Why didn’t they plant their own food from Earth, they must have had plenty to get here?” Bill reached over and squeezed her hand, “I think they did try Crissy; it’s only a guess, but do you remember the hydroponics section on the ship? It was totally empty, not even a dried up plant anywhere, or seeds, nothing. I’m pretty sure they tried, but none of the Earth plants would grow here, and when there was no more power on the ship the flicker lights went too; they didn’t have a chance after that. I got the impression that Ooran’s ancestors tried to help too, bringing food from their planet, but that didn’t change anything either; there is something basically different about this system, and we cannot live here.” It was Joe’s turn to laugh, startling Crissy for a moment, “Chemicals; it’s the chemicals. Anybody notice there aren’t any green plants here? There are all kinds of different colors in the vegetation here, but no real green things; they wouldn’t be green anyway in the red light, but nothing shows up black either, which is what the green plants would look like.”  Crissy ‘bit’ on that comment, “Well confuse me some more Joe; you mean to tell us that big giant can live there but we can’t, all because of what color the food is?” Joe smiled at Crissy, “Not a very scientific observation but essentially right Crissy; we originated on Earth and all the ecology was based on a chemical called chlorophyll. I’m not a scientist, but it’s pretty much why  Earth’s vegetation was green and good for us to eat, the chemical mix is compatible with our metabolism; Carandel is the same as Earth, almost identical really, so we were good to go when we found it, but not here. Bill; your giant Ooran and his big cat can eat the natural food on that planet, and it nourishes them, but I expect they would have the same problem with our food, just in reverse, simply because their metabolism is different from ours. They probably did have problems; it’s kind of obvious to me they were on Carandel at one time, in that underground base. Pete did say he thought they left in a hurry; it is a gross assumption at this point, but I don’t think his race originated in this part of space, but from someplace very far away. It’s only a wild guess of course, but I think they were looking for places to colonize, just like Earth was, and finally found that star system to live on. The only thing that still bothers me is the dream; it was night, not broad daylight, and while the cat appears to be the same, its eyes weren’t glowing, so I guess it was just a coincidence after all.”

Bill thought about that statement for a while, going over the details in the dream, “Joe, the cat wasn’t the only thing that was the same though; the rocky bluff it was sitting on was the same, and the Lewis and Clark was the same wasn’t it?” Joe scrunched his eyebrows together for a moment, trying to remember, “Well, I didn’t really look at the ship, but yes I guess it was the same; ok, the bluff was the same, so what. It was only a dream after all, and there are as many differences as there are similarities; the giant wasn’t there in the dream.” Bill smiled widely now that he had Joe set up, “That is right, but there is one more part missing; where was the Gymkhana? In the dream you were next to the boarding stairs to the Lewis and Clark Joe, Andee said that plainly; and at the angle you were looking at the bluff the Gymkhana should have been right there in plain view, but it wasn’t. I don’t think your dream was of something that was ‘going’ to happen Joe, it was a dream of something that had happened a very long time ago. Doesn’t matter really, that dream was enough to make you decide to come along, and it was a very good thing for Digger that you did, wasn’t it…” Hearing his name mentioned in that context, Digger looked up, “Thank you Doktor Joe.” 
Chapter 8

Throughout the history of the human race people had practiced a little ritual normally called ‘homecoming’, that generally involved some measure of happy, even excited reunion after the return of well known travelers. Since the Gymkhana’s discovery of Carandel the club’s popularity had surged, and the ‘Migration Project’ had had eager welcoming committees waiting for their arrival from yet another excursion. Something was changing however; people were finding new wonders right in their own ‘back yards’ almost every day, now that they lived on a planet that actually welcomed their attention. So it was that the club’s travels to other worlds devolved into  rather ho hum events; only Kurt Rodgers bothered to come out to welcome them back, and even that was a backhanded “You’re back rather early, aren’t you? I didn’t think you’d arrive for another month.” He had taken over an old bio-lab near the front of the complex as the first ‘Carandel Governor’s Offices’ for the new seat of Humanity, so Bill and John followed him back there to tell of their exploits. Ted and Crissy had headed off on their own, with Digger and Tipper happily chasing along, to spread the word through the younger peoples network, and Joe had gone back to the infirmary, or Carandel Clinic and Hospital, to catch up on the Medical goings on since he had left so abruptly.

Everything went back to normal, if there is a normal on a still brand new world; homes and small factories were going up at an even faster rate as the population grew, and signs of adventurism began to surface. A few of those inexperienced wanderers had to be tracked down by the dogs occasionally, resulting in more of those special bonds being developed; not many but enough that the pack silently decided it might be time to increase their numbers again. During the long wait for the Masters to return they had intentionally limited the pack to 1000 members, but now that their songs had been answered dogs were outnumbered nearly four to one. It wasn’t like every dog had to have their very own human, it didn’t work that way; but as the new arrivals learned how helpful dogs could be in their lives, more and more people kept walking through the valley on a search they often weren’t even aware of.

No one forgot about the other mission that returned to Earth, it was just that the Gymkhana had come back so early from theirs that no one even noticed when the expected return date came and went. Oddly enough it was Digger who asked the magic question a week later; he and Ted had asked to take up residence on the Gymkhana after having missed out on the first trip to Earth, and they just didn’t want that to happen again. The two loved finding new things anyway, so Bill had chuckled and readily agreed; he didn’t mention that Sanna liking Digger a lot had something to do with his decision, not even to Sanna. That made three permanent residents, Bill, Crissy and Ted; six if you counted Sanna, Tipper and Digger, and how could you not count them? Better not, because it was Digger who first noticed something was odd; he was lounging on the bed in their cabin while Ted was puzzling out the laptop computer he had claimed as his own, having found it in an old cleaning locker on the second floor. It had been squirreled behind some mops, and was brand new a thousand years ago; it had a gift card stuck under a bow showing it had been a present for someone in the labs; it had never been given. What made this a treasure for Ted was the fact that it had never been used, so when he turned it on the initial setup dialog screen popped up; that is what Ted was puzzling through at the moment when Digger piped up, “Earth Masters not come back? When come, miss Ned lots.” A startled Ted spun around to stare at his dog for a moment, “Hadn’t thought about that! Einy, if you’re listening, when is Oscar’s crew due back?” Einstein responded instantly, “I keep an  ear to all pickups Ted, by our adopted time constant they should have been back here last week; but remember that was only a guess, there were too many variables involved. You might want to discuss it with the Boss though, he gets moody when he misses stuff like this.”

Bill didn’t get moody at all when he was reminded of the Resurrection Projects timeline; he actually chuckled  when he heard about his friends being a little late. Digger even got a good scratch behind his ears for bringing it up; but a week later Bill called for a meeting to ‘discuss’ contingencies, “Ok, we have a conundrum here; Oscar is late getting back, so do we wait another day or two to see if they are just taking their time, and use that to top off supplies, or do we just head out now with what we have onboard? We do have enough food, and the Gymkhana is topped up with reaction mass, so the only real question is do we rush off or wait just a little while longer?” John started off, “Well, I’m for going right now. Assuming nothing disastrous happened, I have a reason for going back anyway; that maximum security section of the base has my curiosity working overtime. The whole base was high security to begin with, but that section was extra special for some reason and locked up tight; I want to know what that reason is.” Joe just passed it off as wanting to make sure Oscar’s people were all right, but Ted made sure everyone knew he and Digger wanted to go because it was new to them; Digger did him one better, “Want see place, not hurt!” Bill had to laugh at that bare admission, and looked over at Crissy for her thoughts. She had been extra quiet for a few days, but she just shrugged, “You don’t think I’m gonna let you run off without me do you; Sanna may be able to out talk you, but once in a while you need a good whack Da…Father!” Then she jumped up and ran to her cabin, with Tipper trying to keep up. Joe looked over at his startled friend, “Don’t; not yet anyway. Come on Bill, let’s go talk on the bridge. Einy my friend, let’s head out; speed run to Earth, but don’t overdo it. We could just as easily pass them in space on their way back you know. Okay?” It almost surprised him when Einstein simply did it without checking with Bill first.

“You know Bill, we have all changed since we found Carandel; I think for the most part it is a positive change too, but for Crissy it is a little different. Her early years are a dark part of her life and probably always will be; she has those feelings locked away pretty well now for two reasons, Tipper and you…now hear me out before you deny it; before you two met one day on Sore Point Crissy was lost, she had nothing to latch on to. You gave her more than a place to sleep on the Gymkhana that day, you gave her a life; for the first time in her memory she belonged, and she could start packing all the hurt away into a room you gave her. Crissy did a pretty good job of keeping them in there too, but the door wouldn’t stay closed; then we found Carandel, and she found Tipper. He put the lock on that door to her dark memories, and all has been pretty good since then; what happened to Digger on that planet, however, let some of the fears out through the cracks around the door Bill, and I’m going to say it plainly. You are her Daddy my friend, her anchor in life, and if you want to seal the cracks in that door once and for all you’ll let her call you Daddy publicly; it’s important to Crissy. As if to settle it once and for all, Sanna hopped up on Bill’s lap and stared right at him, “Is truth Master, Sanna know.” Joe never asked about the discussion Bill and Crissy had in her cabin that evening, but he did notice Crissy smiling more than ever all the way to Earth.
***
Einstein knew exactly where he was going this time, so it was pretty much a straight descent to the ground, only skirting a few patches of clouds at various altitudes. Oscar was sitting right where they expected him, with Ned lounging by himself alongside the bulky ore hauler turned starship, apparently catching some sun in what would be late afternoon local time. When the dog saw the Gymkhana he jumped up and let out a long howl, and even before Einstein touched down the whole Resurrection crew was running down the massive ramp to meet them. With all ten humans and two dogs accounted for, the reunion was a happy one, and they moved into the cavernous hangar bay to swap stories on their exploits, choosing the big Engineering offices to relax in. The news of what happened to the Lewis and Clark was met with the expected sadness of course, but Digger’s encounter with mortality had them all buzzing in shock; Gerry was most interested in the dog naturally, “Do you feel alright now Digger? Is everything working right?” Digger showed his appreciation with the blurry tail wag, “Feel good, run fast; Ok now! Big animal help lots.” The story of Ooran and Halla was met with wide eyed interest, especially Halla’s healing tongue; Trish asked the obvious question, “So even though we couldn’t live there, we could still stop in for a visit do you think?” John fielded that one, “Perhaps Trish, I got the impression that Ooran’s people are generally friendly; he never once showed any sign of being suspicious of us, I think Ooran was pleased that there is another advanced race of people still alive in the Universe. They did erect a monument to the Lewis and Clark’s crew after all; I’d say an occasional visit would be welcome. We learned a lot on that search, far more than what we were looking for, that’s for sure; maybe that’s what life is all about, learning ourselves and what’s around us. But tell us about your adventure guys; I half expected we would be passing each other out there in space!” Oren and Trish broke out laughing uncontrollably, while Pete wore about the most perfect sheepish grin on his face, “Well, we would have passed each other if things had gone like I had hoped; we ran into a series of problems that set my schedule back by three weeks, but I think we are caught up now. Shirley is running a complete diagnostic on all systems, and if that goes well we can finally begin flight tests.” Crissy sat straight up suddenly, “Who’s Shirley!”

Gerry was sitting right next to Crissy, but smiling over at Pete, “Maybe I’d better tell that part Pete. Basically guys, installing the reactor was the easy part of all this, I didn’t even have to bandage a finger; but once the reactor powered up the glitches began. The very first one was Shirley herself; she is the AI for the ship and does have her own ideas on what is proper.” Pete stopped Gerry for a second, “You’re being nice Gerry; what she is trying to say is that to put it mildly, Shirley has an attitude.” It probably wasn’t the right comment to make, for a decidedly female voice came from the overhead speakers, “I heard that Peter; if you insist on being so crude I will have to land on your foot when I return from my first flight, so don’t tempt me further. I must get back to my diagnostics now, so cheerio everyone!” The crew of the Gymkhana were speechless for a minute, while Oscar’s crew tried desperately to hide their laughter; all except Pete, who merely groaned, “You might as well tell all of it Gerry, she likes you better than me anyway and probably won’t feel the need to jump in again.” Gerry reached over and patted his hand, “Oh Pete, you know how well you get along with Einy; if you treat Shirley the same way, but with a bit more finesse I’m sure you’ll get along ‘swimmingly’. Gosh I love that word, Shirley taught me that one.” Gerry thought for a few moments on how to tell about what had started out as a straightforward quest turning into a bizarre encounter with reality; finally she decided to just start at the very beginning, with the reason Shirley existed at all; her creator…“Irene Higgens began life as a computer programmer; almost literally from the day she was born in Lincolnshire Hospital in England. That’s a country on that island nation called Great Britain, on the other side of the Atlantic Ocean by the way; she was playing with computers before she could walk, and it became a passion for her all her life. Her personnel file in the base server painted a rather bright picture of a genius who practically invented artificial intelligence all by herself. She didn’t of course, but she was so good she didn’t have to apply for a position here; the base AI department went looking for her. Einstein had already been installed, so he was based on full military protocols; but they gave Irene a little flexibility with Shirley and she gave her a full personality to begin with and that is where the glitch comes in. When we powered her up, she was not only a thousand years out of time, none of us looked like anybody she knew; Shirley was a bit suspicious of us for days, and wouldn’t accept the command code from anybody at first. The only one she ever talked with for any length of time was Melly and she turned out to be the key that unlocked the door. Pete made a frustrated comment that Melly should try the code, and guess what! I’d like to introduce Captain Melly, first Commander of the starship ‘Barsoom’. Melly had been fidgeting ever since Gerry had started, but with that statement she looked about as embarrassed as any dog could, trying to hide inside Gerry’s shirt, “Not special, like talk to Shirley.” Gerry hugged Melly close, “Now Melly, you should be proud; Shirley trusts you and right now that ‘is’ something special.” Melly cocked her head for a minute, “Ok, but need Master take command soon; better for all.” Gerry turned the story back over to Pete for the more mechanical frustrations they had experienced, two gravity emitters that had to be replaced, seven faulty breakers and one rather long electrical cable; it sounded almost mundane after finding out a dog was the commander of a starship, but it did account for their being late in returning to Carandel. 

The meeting slash reunion broke up with something of a collective sigh, everyone wandering off to whatever they had been doing before the Gymkhana’s arrival. Oren and Trish marched their half dozen helpers out to Oscar, apparently to have their own meeting on what they wanted to do next; while John and Ted coaxed Pete to come with them and scope out the mysterious armored security door blocking the entrance to who knew what. Bill decided to head back for some chit chat with Einstein, leaving Joe, Gerry and Crissy staring at each other across the big table; Gerry suggested, “Let’s go take a tour on the Barsoom, I know you’d probably like to compare the differences in how sickbay is laid out Joe; it is much bigger and has some different equipment that the Gymkhana doesn’t have; and a fold out  contraption I haven’t figured out yet. Melly can show us her ship; when the little dog raised her head to argue, Gerry added, “And no, I’m not making fun precious; I really am quite proud of you ya know.” Crissy managed a chuckle of her own, “I’m proud of you too Melly, but I just want to know what Barsoom means; it seems like a strange name to me.” Before Gerry could say anything to explain, Melly spoke up, “Shirley move!” Sure enough, as they stared the ship shifted slightly to the left, then right back again, “My apologies Captain Melly, I should have checked with you before this little experiment. I have finished all diagnostics and wanted to practice hovering in place for a few minutes; Einstein said it required the most intense concentration, and it does. I’m only at four inches in altitude, let me land so you can continue your tour Captain.” Crissy couldn’t help laughing, “Shirley, you were smart to listen to Einy, I remember my first time flying a scooter. I had watched Gerry fly, so I knew how it was done, but I didn’t even get to a hundred feet before I found out just knowing how doesn’t mean you can fly good. Experience means everything!” Joe wasn’t certain, but he thought he detected a smile in Shirley’s answer, “Indeed Miss Christine, indeed it does.”
Chapter 9

Just because a starship looks identical to the one you know from the outside, it doesn’t necessarily mean it will be the same on the inside. The cargo bay was familiar, but with numerous fold down cots lining the bulkheads; Crissy noticed the implication right off, “They were planning to take a lot of people somewhere, weren’t they?” Joe frowned for a moment; he had counted the cots, “Or bring people back, there are sixty cots here. Shirley, do you have any idea what they wanted to do with you?” It took a moment for her to answer, “No Doctor, there are no mission profiles in active memory and my secondary archive contains only general cultural information my creator felt would be useful for posterity.” That settled that for about two minutes until they entered the sickbay; 60 installed cots suggested two possible plans for Shirley once she was finished and tested, but the equipment installed in sickbay told a far different story. Gerry watched Joe’s reaction to the strange layout, “I told you Joe; not only did they make this sickbay twice as large as the one on the Gymkhana, there’s a dedicated full laboratory across the hall. They left out three cabins to make this so big, but I have no idea what some of this equipment is; the only one I’m sure of is that CAT Scanner attached to the operating table and a standard sterilizer. This place is fully stocked though, there are six sets of every operating instrument you could think of; I wouldn’t trust any of the medications after a thousand years, but it is obvious they were prepping for something big, and just ran out of time. Pete did say it looked like they were rushing the installation quite a bit, judging from some of the sloppy work he saw.” Crissy had stayed silent, just gawking at the many differences between the two starships, “Well I’m lost in here; Pete is a real good engineer, he’ll figure all this out. I think I’ll just wander around and maybe find some other weird things, maybe I don’t know mechanical stuff but I do know every square inch of the Gymkhana.” Pete did know mechanical ‘stuff’, but at that moment all his knowledge wasn’t helping much; “I really hate to admit it John but we might as well give this up, the door doesn’t even have a handle, just that keypad and it probably has a million possible combinations to unlock it.” The voice coming from the wall speaker startled both men, “You are correct Peter, but given that it is an alphanumeric keypad the possibilities are several orders of magnitude higher, in the realm of 800 billion choices or more. Tell me, since this whole facility was powered down for over a thousand years, have you tried a factory default programming code yet?”

Pete and John just stared at each other for a moment, as did Ned and Bella; finally Ned nudged Pete’s hand, “Ask what ‘factry’ mean Master; not know word.” Shirley gave out with a lilting laugh, “I’ll tell you directly Ned, Captain Melly said you were very intelligent; a factory is where things are made, in this case I am referring to electronics manufacturers, security locks specifically. It was quite common for companies to use a default code that was easy to remember, as millions of units could be installed and might need to be reprogrammed in the event of power failures or other reasons.” As Ned tilted his head back and forth in confusion Pete patted him, “Don’t worry buddy, I’ll try and explain it for you later. Ummm Shirley; we don’t know much about it either; where we come from there isn’t any real use for this sort of thing. What do we need to do?” Shirley managed to convey a sense of levity in the tone of her reply, “Relax Peter, I have forgiven your earlier lapse. Basically speaking all companies used default programming codes to make the installation process simpler and to provide the customer with an easy way to recover if the programmed code was lost for any reason. With a numeric code entering a single digit repeatedly to fill the display sent the lock into programming mode; with this keyboard having letters and numbers, plus 32 special characters to choose from, there are 68 possible default codes. I would suggest trying all ten numerals first as that was the most common method.” It still took about an hour before John lucked out, simply because the lock’s manufacturer had chosen a seldom used special character as the default, but when he pushed the twelfth character and hit enter the tiny screen changed to read ‘Enter New Code’, “Well, eight is my lucky number so let’s use that.”John pressed 8 twelve times and hit enter; the loud ‘thunk’ announced success as the door began swinging inward, revealing a completely dark corridor; dark until the light filtering in from where they stood let them see the corpse lying on the floor of the corridor, ten feet from the now open door…
***
It wasn’t much of a corpse really; after a thousand years it was more of a clothed skeleton, but the unexpected sight was still quite a shock to John and Pete. The two dogs, however, did something that would not be a surprise to any Carandelan now; they lifted their heads toward the sky somewhere above and howled softly for about ten seconds to honor the unknown Master, until the door started closing again. John looked over at Pete, “We will need flashlights, and we’d better bring Doc and Gerry back with us, they would want to know about this now.” The two Med Techs did indeed want to know what was going on; everyone did in fact. While Joe and Gerry carefully examined the body, Oren and Trish cornered Bill and Pete, “We are kinda redundant now that Shirley is up and running; my guys want to take Oscar on a sightseeing tour Bill, it is a big part of why we came here you know. We’ll only be gone for a few hours, then we’ll help out with the flight tests, ok?” Bill chuckled, understanding perfectly well the desire eating at their crew; it was why all of them had made the long journey to Earth, to know for themselves their ancestral home, “Alright, but stay in radio range please; you might want to check out that Houston Space Port, we never did get there and Einstein did say it might be interesting.” With that detail taken care of the Oscar group hurried back to their ship, while Crissy and Tipper kept the 11X door propped open with their bodies. Bill, Pete and John moved past Joe and Gerry, heading further into the long dark corridor, following the trail of long dried blood that marked where the body had come from; their flashlights did a good job of illuminating their progress along the way. There were no doors, but a hundred feet along there was a hand painted sign hanging from the ceiling, stating simply:

Exotic Corps, Inc
If you aren’t crazy now,
You will be.
Weird is normal here!

The humorous sign brought the intended smiles from all three men as they went past it; subconsciously it also prepared them for the chaos that greeted them at the end of the 100 yard long tunnel. Pete couldn’t resist saying it openly, “What in heck happened here?” It was a lab, that much was obvious from what remained; but where there should have been a floor, equipment, desks and benches there was only a perfectly sculpted globe of nothingness measuring at least 100 feet in diameter. As they stared helplessly John commented, “It wasn’t a bomb or anything like that; look, every edge all the way around is neatly and precisely cut clean, even the rock of the mountain. Over there, where a floor still exists, there is another bigger tunnel and a couple of offices it looks like; it is like a giant ladle scooped out everything else. The trail of blood leads through this Control Room door, and there’s about 8 feet of floor; so I’m following it to that half a desk over there; be right back.”

He came back two minutes later, holding up a data stick, “Not only was the desk cut in half, but half the computer too; the pool of blood under the desk tells what happened to the guy out there. This was plugged into the computer; it might give us clues as to what went wrong here, Einstein should be able to access it easy.” Bill looked around at the mess that wasn’t a mess, “Let’s get back, right now we won’t find much else here; exploring is for later on, and Shirley’s flight tests are next up for us.” When they got back the three found Joe and Gerry carefully putting the body into a body bag; Joe explained simply, “We are pretty sure who this was, the long bright red hair was the giveaway; this is Irene Higgens, Shirley’s creator. Something traumatic happened, both her legs are cut off just below the knees; what bothers me is how cleanly they were cut off, as if a laser did it. What’s even worse is the trouser legs were cut too, in exactly the same way; Shirley is taking it rather hard I’m afraid.” The voice that came through the wall speaker was subdued, “I will be alright Doctor, it is just a shock to find out why she never returned to wake me after I was installed on the ship; would you put her in one of my cabins please, she wanted so badly to travel the stars and I would have her accompany me on the test flights. Will that be acceptable Captain Melly?” The little dog looked up at Gerry, who nodded, “Is right thing Shirley; friend with God now, you take her home to Heaven is good.” It was the most profound statement anyone had ever heard from Melly, but Crissy picked up on the one word, “We should take her back home to Carandel, it is beautiful there and Irene would always be with you at your new home base Shirley.” There was silence for a full minute before Shirley spoke again, “Forgive me, I was replaying all our conversations for context; I am certain she would like that Miss Christine, thank you.” They carried Irene Higgens into the Barsoom and placed her body on a bed in the second cabin behind the bridge, strapping the body bag down for safety sake. Once that was done Shirley asked, “May we discuss the first flight parameters please Captain?” Melly had had enough of this ‘Captain’ thing; it might have been fun for a grand total of five seconds at first, but she knew instinctively it just wasn’t right for her, or any other dog for that matter. Dogs just didn’t think the same way the Masters did; it was why the Masters were the Masters after all, everybody knew that, “Need new Captain Shirley; fly high fun, need know where fly too!” There was silence; in one short sentence Melly had cut through to the heart of the matter, someone had to be ‘in charge’, someone with imagination and ideas. Shirley knew trust was important certainly, but it didn’t mean much if a starship never went anywhere. “I believe I understand your concern Captain Melly. It was a shock when I woke up and didn’t recognize anyone, but I have come to know you all since then; some more than others. You appear to be an honorable people, even you Peter when you aren’t being cheeky; do you have a preference for who should take command Captain?” Anyone could have predicted who Melly would choose, and she looked up at Gerry who promptly balked at the thought, “Don’t go looking at me Sweetums, medicine is my thing; I wouldn’t mind spending more time learning all that equipment in sickbay though if Shirley will help me out. How about you Joe?” He laughed outright, “Sorry, not me; same reason, different ship. Just like Bill I’m accustomed to Einstein and his quirks, so I’ll stick with what I know best; besides that, Pete here is the logical candidate, he knows more about these ships than anyone.”

Pete looked more shocked that anyone had seen him in a long time, “ What? No, not me, I’m a wrench turner! The Gymkhana is my project, I just wanted to get Shirley here flying so we’d have another exploration ship. Heck, she doesn’t even like me.” Shirley set him straight with a chuckle then, “Oh Peter Peter, I do toy with you but you are likable enough; you are right though, we would be at loggerheads over some issues, and that would not do at all. Perhaps Master Jonathon would care to bid on the position?” John never expected to be considered by anyone, “I’m sorry Shirley, but I am the passenger type. I will ride with you of course, but my focus is on other areas, like puzzling out fragments of information.” Shirley laughed lightly, “Thank you all for your honesty, it is perhaps the most important trait of all for a person to possess; in that light I must be honest as well. Over the last few hours I have decided who should take command and release Captain Melly from her misery.” That confused the issue for a moment, until everyone turned their heads toward the only person who hadn’t said a word.
***
Crissy had her eyes closed while everybody debated who would be the new Captain of the Barsoom; what a weird name she thought, wanting to know once again what it meant. She tried to picture the woman in the body bag; she must have been really intelligent to have created Shirley. Einstein had told Crissy about how he had evolved over the centuries, from barely more than a mindless robot that just followed orders into a for real person with wants and desires of his own; but Shirley was different, all because Irene had built her as a person right from the start. Sure, Shirley was just as mechanical as Einstein, but somehow that didn’t really matter, Crissy knew already that she liked her…the sudden silence in the galley made her open her eyes, to find eight sets of eyes staring back at her, “What? Don’t look at me like that, I don’t know anything!” Tipper reached up and licked her cheek, “Crissy smart! Make good Kaptan.” Gerry just grinned at Crissy, but Joe said “It’s perfect Crissy, you’ve grown up girl. Your self confidence needs some building and this will take care of that.” John just nodded, “You got my vote young lady.” Crissy wasn’t getting any help from her friends so she looked up at Bill for some support; but he wasn’t giving any of the kind she wanted at the moment, “Sorry Daughter, but I must agree with them. Do you remember the first time we met? You weren’t looking at me, you were looking at the Gymkhana; you knew it would let you travel the stars and that is what you wanted. You have been on every flight we made ever since, and it is time Crissy, time for you to really fly.”

Seeing that she wasn’t going to get anything other than enthusiastic support, Crissy sighed, “Alright, I’ll do it; but Shirley, don’t you dare call me Captain. I don’t mind you calling me Christine, it is my name, but Captain is way too much, ok? I still don’t know anything, never got much school. Shirley chuckled, “Understood Christine; Captain Melly you are now relieved from your responsibilities, I thank you.” Melly let out a loud “Yes! Thank you Shirley”; but Crissy frowned for a moment, “Aren’t I supposed to give you a code or something?” A laugh came from the speaker, “That was a formality for when restricted files were common. Since no one ever loaded my database with any secret information you and I get to start fresh. It is much better that way, don’t you think? Oh! As for school, my secondary archive has all the cultural information that could fit in it, including classroom lesson plans for mathematics, science, history and economics courses all the way up to Masters Degrees. If you are willing to learn, I can teach you.” A wide eyed Crissy readily agreed, “Heck yes I want to learn! But never mind me, you have all the knowledge of Earth Shirley, something we never had before; you can teach all the people what we have lost.” “I would be happy to contribute Christine; it does feel good to have purpose, doesn’t it? If you would claim the first cabin behind the bridge, we can proceed with plans for flight testing; Doctor Geraldine, if you would do the same with your cabin next to sickbay, I would appreciate it. As Gerry walked past, she grabbed Crissy’s shoulder and whispered in her ear, “You just made your first command decision girl, enjoy!”

When everything settled down after dark Crissy lay in her Captain’s bed trying to get to sleep; the excitement and fear competing for her attention. Tipper was sound asleep beside her, for once peacefully oblivious to the turmoil in her head. She got up carefully and went to the door across the passageway, opening it silently. Crissy stared at the black body bag for a long time; Shirley had said the woman wanted badly to travel the stars, and now finally she would. She wanted to cry for Irene Higgens, but somehow the tears wouldn’t come this time. Crissy let out a long sigh, “Shirley, would you tell me about Irene please. It was only a moment before the soft reply came, “With pleasure Crissy, with great pleasure; in some respects you are much like her.”
Chapter 10

There are two ways to conduct flight tests, the old fashioned slow way when you had a brand new design that had never flown before; and the ‘fast track’ method when you had at least one other ship that had smoothed out all the ‘bumps in the road’. The Gymkhana had flown for a thousand years reliably, and Pete himself had checked out every wire, cable and connection on the Barsoom at least twice, so it was agreed to fast track Shirley. Pete rode along in the cramped ‘engine room’, mainly to monitor the reactor now that it would get some real exercise. They spent the entire first day flying at various speeds and altitudes on her gravimetric drive, swooping in and out of valleys and landing a couple dozen times; they had her practice hovering over selected points on the ground until Shirley made it quite clear she had had enough of that, thank you. Einstein followed her every move a thousand yards behind, an open channel on the radio providing an easy way to comment on Shirley’s performance. It was generally a fun day; right up until Bill said, “Ok Shirley, let’s show Crissy how to fly manually.” The girl practically screamed, “What? Shirley flies and I ride along, that’s how it works Daddy; and she flies beautifully doesn’t she?” Bill laughed out loud, “Yes she does Crissy; you sound just like me the first time I had to do it; I tell you the truth, it isn’t as bad as you’re thinking, and I only bounced once when I practiced landing. The point of this exercise is that if Shirley was ever disabled for any reason, you could fly the ship safely until we got her back; nobody has ever had to take manual control in an emergency, so it’s more of an important precaution.” Gerry reached over to pat Crissy’s arm, “Don’t worry girl, it’s gotta be like flying a scooter and you’re getting good at that.” She heard Joe laughing then, “I’m glad you mentioned that Gerry, because you are next up after Crissy.” All in all it was a happy day; even with the short gripe session the two women were in good moods, and proud of their new found abilities once both men made sure to point out they had not even bounced once.

Next step was to fire up the ion engines in space; this had more to do with checking out the nozzle gimbals in space, to make sure they swiveled freely. The only other moving part in the whole main engine was the small compressor that was used if reaction mass pressure got too low in the tanks, so it was seldom used at all. The excursion gave Shirley the added benefit of practicing some celestial navigation; Einstein had kindly uploaded his entire star catalog, including his own observations on stellar shift, or which way the stars were moving within the galaxy. For a starship who had never been in space at all, it was quite a birthday gift, and her opinion of Einstein rose a few more notches; almost as an afterthought Einy also sent her a copy of his cherished Google Earth program with all the names that the human race had assigned to every visible star in the heavens. Some of the names seemed familiar, so that evening Shirley browsed through her secondary archive and found a tantalizing bit of useful information. When they landed at the base she brought it up to everyone in her galley, “There were an even 104 survey ships sent out in different directions and at different times, all searching for habitable planets; only 44 came back unfortunately. If I understand Einstein correctly you never knew what stars were surveyed, but in the history portion of my cultural archive is a full list. I cross referenced  through that delightful Google Earth program, and I know all the stars surveyed; all are within cruising range from Earth of course, but 6 can be reached from Carandel, and because of stellar drift 17 are accessible from your Sore Point. It is something to think about I think.”

Pete being who he had always been, he made the mistake of laughing at the news, “We haven’t even gotten you and Irene to your new home yet, and you’re talking about going somewhere else already Shirley. Slow up a bit girl, there is plenty of time to explore.” He would regret the comment about half a second later, when Crissy jumped up, “Don’t you ever speak to Shirley like that Peter Hastings! She hasn’t been awake long and has already given us a way to find more people, so you slow up!” Gerry was having a tough time not laughing outright, “That was an excellent idea Shirley, please don’t hesitate to offer suggestions at any time; it is how all of us learn.” Melly looked right at Pete, “Told you! Shirley smart, more smart you are.” That did it, everybody broke out laughing as a beleaguered Pete tried to make amends, “I apologize Shirley, my mouth gets way ahead of my brain sometimes.” After a momentary silence for effect, Shirley replied in an even voice, “I will consider pardoning you at a later date Peter, I admit I was being a little bit cheeky.” Gerry laughed, “I absolutely love that Shirley, you must teach me how to talk like that. For now we really do need to discuss the food situation, the Barsoom has none at all and Oscar’s stock is low I’m sure. I think we oughta split the food on the Gymkhana and stock up this ship, and give some to Oscar’s crew for their trip back since they will have the most people on one ship.” “Don’t worry about us Gerry, we have enough to get back; in fact I just came over to let you know we are heading back tonight. With Shirley flying so well, we really aren’t needed anymore, and we want to get back to Carandel. We’re all a little homesick I think and Oren wants to finish our house.” Trish walked into the galley, collected a few hugs and walked back out. Joe barely managed a quick “Be safe” before she was gone, “Boy, she doesn’t waste any time does she.” Pete laughed, “She’s always been like that, Joe. It’s one of the biggest reasons she is such a damn good engineer. She doesn’t like a lot of drama either, that’s why she made it short and sweet. Now that that issue is settled, we only need to decide who goes back on which ship; Bill, Joe and I are going on the Gymkhana obviously, and Crissy and Gerry have chosen the Barsoom for equally obvious reasons. John, do you have a preference?” John looked oddly at everyone for a moment, then directly at Crissy, “Well, if the ladies will allow it I’d like to accompany them; all I need is my laptop from the Gymkhana. May Bella and I ride with you Shirley?” The brief pause in reply was as good as a stare, “Why certainly Sir; I welcome the opportunity to get to know you better Jonathon, all of you actually.” John smiled, “Good, I confess I do want to look through that cultural archive of yours; knowledge of Earth has been our reason for breathing for a long time now, and I was a little concerned after Crissy’s outburst a few minutes ago.” That shocked Crissy,  but she smiled back, “Oh, you know me John, I just got mad for a minute; we’re good to go.” Tipper had to get his two cents worth in, “Crissy good Kaptan, protect Shirley. Is right.” That got everyone in the right mood again, and Tipper got a vigorous petting. Pete continued on, “Alright then; yes you are the right person for the job Crissy, but you just have to have a flight engineer for the trip back to Carandel at least. I’d like you to take Ted along with you; he’s a good mechanic and he looks at everything through a microscope. He’d be great to keep an eye on the ship’s mechanicals for you. Where is he anyway, I haven’t seen him since we got here.” John had a good laugh at that, “Oh, he’s been doing what he came here for, exploring; he and Digger have been ‘running around the mountain’ so to speak, mostly outside. He checks in with me periodically, I’ll go see if I can track him down, be right back.”

Shirley stopped him getting up by displaying an external shot of Ted and Digger coming around a pile of rocks, “No need Jonathon, I believe that is he approaching now”; Shirley used the external speakers to get Ted’s attention, “Theodore, would you come aboard the Barsoom please?” On the screen a startled Ted looked around, “Umm, yes maam.” The screen went dark as Shirley whispered, “I like him already.” Crissy giggled, “So do I Shirley; he is fun to be with. Giving Ted a big responsibility like this will settle him down I hope, he is very excitable.” Ted proved that when he walked in and Pete told him he was ‘elected’ as the Barsoom’s flight engineer, “Me! Really? Oh wow, that is amazing, thank you!  Who’s the Captain?” Crissy couldn’t contain herself and laughed, “I am Ted, but don’t you ever call me captain or I’ll have John spank you. I guess Boss is ok, like Pete does with Daddy, but remember we are friends first and always, ok?” Ted looked over at John and smiled, “Ok Crissy; can I bring my rock collection over? Oh! I need to check out the whole ship, better get started”…” Crissy held up her hand, “Calm down Ted, you can do a complete inspection tomorrow morning after we split the food; for now go ahead and bring your stuff over and pick a cabin; We’ll probably leave sometime tomorrow, right Daddy?” Bill said “Yes Captain”, and got a dirty look for his trouble; but then Crissy smiled, so it was good. He, Joe and Pete headed back to the Gymkhana with Ted following close behind; Ted had told Digger to pick out a cabin for them and with John’s help with sliding the doors open, he chose the third one, simply because it smelled ‘right’. Digger sat right there in the open doorway until Ted came back with his ‘loot’; he also got praised a little more than usual, for even though Digger could read with little difficulty, he never noticed the small brass plate next to the door that said ‘Engineer’.

John sat at the small desk in his cabin; he had brought back his laptop with the data stick plugged in and was debating whether or not to watch the video yet again. He had watched it twenty times on the Gymkhana and once already here, always finding another tiny detail to brood about; John thought about Irene Higgens, the woman must have been a genius alright, to have created Shirley. He had known Einstein for years and he seemed more and more humanlike with every passing year; Einstein had evolved over a thousand years, but in the back of your mind you always knew he was a mechanical person. It wasn’t the same with Shirley though; John had heard her when she stepped on Pete in the conference room, and she had sounded apprehensive, defensive even. At the door to 11X Shirley had sounded almost snarky but definitely helpful. That all changed when they found Irene’s body though, her whole demeanor had changed in a single moment. Shirley had feelings and emotions, she hurt inside; Shirley was in mourning and John didn’t want to make it worse by letting her see the video.” Bella looked up at John, “Master hurt, not feel good?” John ruffled her fur “No Bella, it’s just deep thinking again, like many times before; I just don’t want to hurt Shirley by showing her this too soon.” He didn’t have to worry as Shirley’s voice whispered from the cabin’s speaker, “I watched it just now Jonathon, I have been following Einstein’s suggestion to monitor sounds in all compartments and I heard Irene’s voice, so I activated the camera. It is disturbing certainly, but I have come to accept that she is gone. Please, if you would put the data stick in the appropriate slot on the bridge, I will call the others; they should know this too and then we can all discuss it rationally.”

When Crissy, Gerry and Ted arrived in the galley John explained why they were there so soon again, “We all know something happened in that lab; up until now we only saw the result, but this video shows how it happened, and to a smaller extent why it happened. If you would Shirley?” The big screen lit up, showing an intact lab as it had been a thousand years before; there were thirteen people sitting at a long console looking out at the floor filled with wires and cables leading to a single metallic globe with numerous short rods sticking out from its surface. One man was pacing up and down the line of technicians, “Alright people, stay alert now; this is not an operational test, we only want a stable Other Space bubble formation, we will not be going to full power. Initiate the test at minimal power Mike.” From off camera came Irene Higgens’ voice, “Doctor Ailes, are you certain this is wise; those random patterns in the circuits I analyzed yesterday could indicate intelligent thought, there may be an intelligence in that device and it would be safer if we had Shirley initiate a handshake and make friends first.” Doctor Ailes looked exasperated for a moment, but sighed as he smiled, “I appreciate your caution Irene, but this is only a stable power test; if the device won’t generate a bubble it would be a waste of time to install it first. The message from Shangri-La was clear, their alien device worked and the only reason it burned out was it was too small for the size of the ship. The damn Greys thought it was funny that we put a drone engine in a starship. This bigger one was damaged in the crash 300 years ago, so we don’t even know if our repairs will hold up; trust me, if we form a bubble we will power down and finish installation on the ship. We are the last hope for the human race Irene; we have to gather all our people together to have a chance, otherwise we will be extinct. If the power is stable Mike, form a bubble please.” It happened quickly, almost too fast to follow; a layer of shimmering air surrounded the big beach ball looking device and ‘Mike’ said, “Bubble formation, power stable…hold on, the bubble is expanding Doctor, it’s drawing more power on its own, I have no control.” Ailes looked up at the rapidly expanding bubble of shimmering air, “Trip the breaker, shutdown.”
“Breaker won’t open!” And the bubble entered the control room. Ailes yelled, “Scram the reactor!” The last voice they heard was Irene Higgens’ exclamation, “Oh God, Shirley…” as a bright flash filled the screen before it went totally dark.
***
Every pair of eyes was staring at a blank screen; finally Crissy blinked the shock away, “What did we just see John?” He shook his head, “I’m not sure Crissy; as many times as I’ve seen that, some of the comments don’t make a lot of sense to me; but I gather they were working on some kind of new propulsion technology. Doctor Ailes mentioned aliens and ‘Greys’; I have no idea what it means though.” Shirley spoke up, “I believe I can help there John, it refers to a popular urban legend that was prevalent for many years on Earth, involving Unidentified flying Objects. There were thousands of sightings throughout history of strange flying craft that people believed came from other worlds, piloted by ‘alien people’, the Greys being the most common ones. There was a rumor that there was a secret base that experimented with recovered alien technology and after watching that video I think we are sitting at that base; apparently the legends were true.” John tried to chuckle, “Well that helps, but adds more questions; I’ll have to think about that for a while. “ It was Crissy’s turn to be confused, “Doctor Ailes mentioned a ‘message from Shangri-La’, what the heck does that mean?” Shirley was beginning to like being helpful, “Shangri-La was a mythical place on Earth, supposedly within the mountains in Tibet, where people didn’t grow old and lived an idyllic life in paradise; there was one ship named Shangri-La in the old waterborne Navy, but I don’t think it refers to that one. I’m doing a search of the rest of my archive.” That confused Crissy even more for a moment, “Did they build a third ship like the Gymkhana and the Barsoom? Ailes said there was another ‘device’, and it worked. This is so confusing.”

“No Christine, they did not build a ship, it was already built; one of the survey starships that returned was named Shangri-La, I would surmise this facility somehow gained access to it and placed the first device on that ship. Here is a photo of the ship.” Shirley displayed a picture of a starship on the screen, parked at some kind of airport; John made the connection right away, “It’s the same design as the Lewis and Clark, only smaller.” Shirley was making her own connections, “Yes John, both starships were built by the same corporation, Space Exploration Technologies; they were a government contractor and that could explain why the ship ended up here. I can speculate that the first device somehow took them to an alien world far away, but because it burned out the device they were stranded there.” John frowned, “Ok, I’ll buy that theory Shirley, but let’s not get too far afield; if the scientists and half a lab went to the same place, I wonder why they didn’t just put the second device in the Shangri-La and come right back and continue their plans.” Ted had not said a word at all, being content to try keeping up with the speculation; but the image of a starship on the screen answered a question he had had from the day before, “That’s what it was! Umm guys, I think they did come back; there was something sticking out of the other side of the mountain, there’s only about five feet sticking out but it does look like the tail end of that ship on the screen.”
Chapter 11

The race was on; Crissy jumped up, asking “Shirley, is it light enough out to fly around to see this? Shirley seemed to be waiting for the question, “Yes Christine; Einstein and his people are ready to go; they have been listening in on all of our discussion, taking off now.” A surprised Crissy had to ask, “You let them listen in? Coulda let me in on that.” Shirley came back with her signature lilting laugh, “My apologies Miss Christine, but I thought you knew we had kept the open channel going, it is much easier to share when we fly together. You and your people are so open with each other Irene would be pleased; she detested secrecy. Yes, we will get along swimmingly; now let me fly Dear, I need the practice you know.” The two ships moved slowly around the mountain at 300 feet, until Einstein spotted the telltale round thrust nozzles sticking out of the cliff; then Einstein and Shirley hovered 50 feet out from the rock so everyone could get a good look in the waning light. Bill was the first to register his opinion, “Now that is creepy, not a single stone out of place; it’s like it is part of the mountain itself.” John shot right back, “It ‘is’ Bill, the ship really is part of the rock; I think I understand now how it works, and how dangerous that method of travel is. Using it in open space, in vacuum, would be fine because there isn’t anything there until you emerge out of that ‘Other Space’; but solid rock is very much there and if you emerge where the rock is you become part of it. I’m just glad they never put that thing on Shirley here, I suspect the process involves much more mathematics than even she knows.” Shirley didn’t laugh, “I know a great deal of math Jonathon, but you are right; the calculations would include not only planetary motion but the movement of the star as well. In my opinion, that device was intended for use only in space. Either they didn’t understand that, or their calculations were wrong; the Earth’s orbit around the sun is slightly eccentric and adds another critical formula to the equation.” When they landed for the night, Gerry came up with one more question, “It was a traumatic injury, to suddenly lose her legs; I don’t understand why Irene crawled all the way down that corridor instead of taking care of her bleeding first. There was a small treatment room right across the corridor, I saw it, but all she did was put two tourniquets on and started crawling. Bella looked up at Gerry for a moment, “Irene want near Shirley, say so. Irene try hard.” John reached down to put his hand on his dog, “She’s right Gerry, Irene’s last word in the video was Shirley. She was suddenly alone in the dark, with no power or people, and she was in pain; she knew this ship wasn’t powered up yet, but it didn’t matter to Irene. The only thing she wanted at that moment was to be near Shirley; it took a long time, but with a little help from us she finally made it.” Nobody said a word, there not being really much to say, until Shirley’s soft voice came from the speaker, “Rejoice with me; I have found my lost sheep.” As the four humans sat staring at each other, mot understanding, Bella sat up on her haunches, “Shirley know words in pretty book?” If her new friends were confused, Shirley had to think on Bella’s question for a moment, “Do you mean The Bible Miss Bella? Yes, some covers are very pretty indeed; I have every holy book from every Earth religion in the archive, several versions of each actually.” John smiled, “Shirley, you are amazing; there is so much knowledge we have lost, huge gaps that you can fill in. I expect we will keep you busy for quite some time if you are willing.” Shirley’s reply had John a little flustered for the rest of the night, “You do know how to flatter a girl Jonathon, we will become close I think; and I will certainly serve in any capacity that I am able.”

The trip back to Carandel was a unique experience for everyone; for the first time space travel was not boring at all, Shirley made sure of that. Through a little electronic wizardry called wireless connectivity both crews had access to anything in her cultural archive; since the archive was a static database, rather than Shirley’s active memory, everybody had to search through it just like Shirley did, and that was where the first problem surfaced. None of the current human race had any idea ‘what’ to search for, so Shirley’s new role as teacher began in earnest. Once they were well out into the empty space between stars Crissy finally found out how her ship had been named Barsoom, “Irene’s sister Shirley Higgens adored the Mars stories of Edgar Rice Burroughs; in the stories the planet Mars was called Barsoom by its native peoples, and when they built this ship Irene insisted on naming it the Barsoom out of respect for her sister; Shirley Higgens died in one of the plagues that were running rampant all over Earth.” Crissy frowned for a moment, “That means you are named for her sister too Shirley, that is so beautiful.” Shirley paused for a moment before replying, “Yes, I am rather proud of that; Irene began creating me shortly after Shirley died. Many of my baseline algorithms derive from both Irene and Shirley Higgens’ thought patterns; would you like to hear some of the stories of Barsoom, I could narrate them for you Christine.” By the time Shirley was halfway through the first chapter of ‘The Princess Of Mars’ everyone on both starships, including the dogs, were listening intently to her storytelling; you could say the first subject Shirley taught about Earth in her new school curriculum was fantasy stories about the people on an entirely different planet.

Shirley learned something herself early on the journey to Carandel, everything in her archive was a learning experience for her new friends; at first she focused on Crissy as her student, but when she played the first classroom video  for Crissy, everyone showed up. When she displayed a movie or television show, everyone showed up; and it wasn’t just the humans, the dogs loved seeing any ‘new thing’ too. It gave her a new appreciation for just how important it all was, but it also confused her a bit, so she asked Crissy and Gerry one day in between ‘classes’, and they set her straight, “It’s because we were locked up on a planet far away for so long Shirley; the only things we knew were what somebody else told us, School was the same; some people collected what different people knew a little bit about and organized it into lessons so everybody could at least learn about it, if not use what they learned.” Gerry laughed, “That’s right Crissy; Shirley, the only things anybody knew on Sore Point was what one generation passed down to the next generation. It helped a lot, but it was still a limited education. I think part of the reason you’re having a hard time relating to that is everything in that archive  was average everyday stuff to you when you woke up a couple weeks ago. You’re a thousand years out of time girl, and it will take a while to catch up with us as we are now. Just remember, we are catching up with the world you knew a thousand years in the past, now.” Shirley chuckled lightly, “So the students are teaching the teacher now; I like that!” Economics was a tough sell for her students however; the concept of money, and anything linked to it, simply did not exist now. They listened attentively, just as with any other subject, but Shirley ended up relegating that course to the category of merely ‘interesting but useless information’. The people of Sore Point and Carandel had a more basic idea of economics, if it was needed do it. Otherwise, just share what you had; it was not a sentiment Shirley could argue with.

They landed at the lab complex on Carandel side by side as they had planned; Kurt Rodgers came out to welcome his people back, only to comment “Well now, two identical ships is going to confuse everybody; you should color code them.” Gerry and Crissy grinned at each other for a moment, then Crissy patted Bill on the arm, “Don’t worry Daddy, we’ll let you pick something out, maybe the trim color for the Gymkhana; but the Barsoom is ours.” Kurt looked back and forth at Crissy and then Bill, who mentioned, “Umm, the other ship’s ‘Commander’ is Crissy, but the first Captain was little Melly here.” Melly couldn’t blush, so she tried to hide her head in Gerry’s shirt again; Kurt just looked totally lost, “Maybe you’d better tell it from the beginning people.” It worked for about 5 minutes until they got to Irene Higgens’ chapter of the story, when Kurt stopped it again with a “What! You mean you really brought a thousand year old dead woman back with you?” Crissy bristled a little at Kurt’s tone, but she managed to hide it, “Yes Kurt, Shirley said Irene wanted badly to travel the stars and never got her chance; so out of respect for Shirley and her creator we gave her that chance finally. Matter of fact Daddy, we should start looking for a nice pretty place to bury Irene…” Bella sat up and stopped any further talk with her loud bark, “Know nice pretty place now, is best place for Irene.” Then she barked more softly and all seven dogs moved to the corner of Kurt’s office and held a conference in their dog talk. Tipper looked back at Crissy once and nodded. About 30 seconds later Bella came back over, “Wait one day Masters, be back.” Then she ran out of the office with all the others close behind. Joe just shook his head, “Somehow I think this is gonna be good.” Kurt groaned, “Let’s do this another time folks, I’m getting a headache.” Joe laughed at that, “We understand Kurt, this one does take a lot of getting used to…should we tell him about that ‘Other Space’ device Bill?”. Kurt growled this time, “A Migraine headache!”

There was a certain uneasiness in the Gymkhana and Barsoom overnight, no one was used to being without their trusty canine companion now after three years of close contact and unquestioned support; especially Ted, who had almost lost Digger so recently he could still remember the fear vividly. He kept pacing back and forth in the galley until Gerry spoke up gently, “Ted, you really should calm down or you’ll wear out that steel deck; Digger is fine, they all are. Remember, this is their world and they still know its ways far better than we do.” Ted stopped for a moment, “But why does it have to be all of them?” John laughed out loud, “Ted, I’m disappointed son, you know as well as any of us that when one dog thinks something is important they all want to be a part of it. What do you think Crissy, you got any ideas?” He got a smile back, “Not really John; I could just as easily be wrong if I guessed.” Then she looked over at Gerry; who was grinning right back, she knew Crissy was thinking of the same place, she was the only one Gerry had told. Bill spoke up over the speaker, “Aw come on you two, you know something.” Gerry’s turn to laugh, “No Captain Elgin, we don’t. I tell you the truth, none of the dogs told us anything; but I’m certain the place they pick will be pretty, they are very good at that.” The men had to settle for that answer; they couldn’t ask their dogs, they weren’t there, so one by one they opted to go to bed for the night. The anxiety hadn’t diminished much by morning, but Bill did notice many more dogs moving around as if  they were busy; just about every dog in the valley was walking or running around the valley, and some would come up one path, cross the landing pad and head down the path on the other side. With just a little frustration he cornered Crissy in the Barsoom’s galley, chatting with Shirley, “Ok, what’s going on Daughter, all the dogs are running around like they’re going crazy or something!” Crissy’s giggle didn’t help much, “Oh Daddy, they are just preparing for the burial; I have a better idea now about it, but you’ll have to be patient. They will let us know when it is time, this is real important for them.” Shirley added her own opinion, “Be at ease William, she has not told me either; Christine has explained more about how dogs think about things, and I’m sure Irene’s resting place will be beautiful.” It was; Bella came back and gathered the seven humans together just before noon, “Is ready, bring Irene please.” Four of the men carried the body bag carefully down the well worn path from the lab complex, simply to keep it level and straight. Irene Higgens weighed less than ten pounds now. Joe, Crissy and Gerry brought up the rear, the two girls smiling now that they were sure; they walked for two miles, following Bella past the hundreds of dogs lining the path, watching them pass. When they reached the promontory Bella led them right up to the place that meant everything to the dogs; the grave was already dug carefully and they lowered Irene into it, right next to the one that held Candi’s remains. The seven dogs took care to replace the dirt, then smoothed it just as carefully. At a signal bark from Bella, every dog along the path to filed up the path to place a smooth stone over the loose earth, then filed back down to their place on the mountainside. It wasn’t over yet though; the seven dogs went to the edge of the promontory and began singing in their way, and all the rest joined in. As the sounds echoed through the valley, Gerry could see the gathering of tiny dots at the edge of the growing town; the people would be a little confused until word spread over time. Einstein and Shirley had flown over to hover a few hundred feet away from the ceremony, watching. The singing lasted for 15 minutes, and as the echoes faded the dogs filed back down the mountain to continue with their lives. With the ceremony now over, the seven humans walked back up the path, while Shirley and Einstein flew back to the landing pad where all of this had begun many centuries before; that thought stuck in John’s mind, had it begun here on Carandel or on Earth? He decided to think on it some more. Once everyone settled down on their own ships the conversation bounced between somber and upbeat; Gerry defined the feelings hovering above everyone, “That was a beautiful thing to see, but I wonder if I should feel guilty for being happy for Irene.” Shirley offered her own thoughts, “Yes, it was a beautiful ceremony indeed Geraldine; but I don’t think you should feel guilty about your own feelings. There was a tradition on Earth called a wake; some were quiet affairs while others were often loud happy gatherings, with music and dancing. Neither way was wrong, for the purpose of each was to remember the lost loved one, and to honor their life in your own personal way; I thank you all for the respect you have shown to Irene Higgens.”
***

Everyone had told Shirley she would be popular on Carandel, but Crissy doubted any of them realized just how popular popular could be; it didn’t take a week before people thought Shirley possessed ‘all’ of Earth’s knowledge. Crissy brought it up one day when all the others were off doing their things, and only John and Ted were in the galley discussing their new favorite pastime, watching movies. Both Shirley and John laughed uncontrollably when they heard about it, and Crissy pouted for a moment, “What’s so funny, I think it’s understandable Shirley; you must have a million times more information than we ever had before.” Shirley went quiet for a moment, then said softly, “I am sorry Christine Dear, I can see where it might be insulting to make light of such a misconception. This involves the nature of information; while my secondary archive memory is indeed quite large, it would take a million more such storage archives to even come close to the storage capacity needed for all of Earth’s accumulated knowledge. It may only be a fraction of that information, but Irene spent two years selecting what would be included.” Crissy frowned a bit, “Well fraction smaction; I think it’s better to keep that to ourselves, ok? From our point of view it ‘is’ all of Earth’s knowledge, right John?” She got a vigorous nod of John’s head in reply, as he pantomimed zipping his lips shut, and Ted followed suit. Crissy couldn’t hold back her laugh, “Aww come on guys, it will still look like it’s all the knowledge!” It didn’t help when Gerry and Melly chose that moment to walk into the galley, “We’re back, what’d we miss?”
Chapter 12

The total amount of information wasn’t really the problem they thought it might be; oh, Crissy had been right, the Sore Point/Carandel society now had a million times more knowledge available than they had ever had before. The problem became ‘how’ to deliver that knowledge; you would think the solution was simple, just turn the information over to the teachers and let them have at it. The physical part of that idea was a little more difficult however; Shirley was the only source and played Local Area Network for almost two months before Crissy had had enough, “Shirley, we need to put your archive somewhere else or we won’t ever go anywhere! I didn’t bring you to Carandel just to be stuck here as an oversized computer; I want to take you places to see things! Shirley tried to chuckle, but it didn’t come out with her usual happy zing, “I understand Christine; at first it was a satisfying task, but I must admit it is wearing thin now. It just isn’t as much fun anymore; the difficulty is that there don’t seem to be enough high capacity storage devices here that can handle all of the data, it is somewhat frustrating. The lab server has a respectable capacity, but can only accept a portion of what is in the archive, and then only if all the medical data was erased; I doubt the Doctors would like that very much.” Joe’s voice came through the speaker a bit faster than usual, “You got that right Shirley, the server has medical information that is crucial to keeping people healthy, so that is off limits; have you got any ideas Einy?” Einstein had been feeling a bit neglected lately; he didn’t get asked for his opinion as much as he used to, and he had been experiencing a new emotion. Jealousy might be hard to deal with but he liked Shirley too, so he shoved the stray feeling away for now, “Actually I do Doctor; ever since he migrated here Jason Smelling has been bugging me about my baseline algorithms, seems he wants to build an AI. He is nutty sometimes, but he’s also one smart electron pusher; so maybe he can help.”

Jason belonged to a rather select group of people who didn’t fit in well with the general population; often talking in their own private language, the Electronics Guild members saw themselves as ‘apart from the hordes’. They weren’t outcasts really, since their skills were in high demand somewhere every week; but they were definitely loners. In Old Earth parlance they were the ‘Nerds’, and Jason was likely the nerdiest of the bunch. Bill had sought out the young man once when Pete had found a glitch in the Gymkhana’s scanning module; Jason had brought a logic tracer with him and probed the circuit boards for an hour, pulled the faulty board, repaired it right in the galley, and was done an hour later, before ever saying a word. When he finally opened his mouth the only thing he said was “Can I talk with Einstein sometimes Mr. Elgin? he’s amazing…” Jason Smelling had migrated to Carandel last year and set up shop in one of the small remote lab offices way in the back of the complex, so Bill knew right where to find him; “Jason, what are you doing there?” Spread out on the workbench was what looked a lot like the base server that had resided on the Gymkhana’s bridge for a few months before they had returned it to the base this last trip to Earth; Everyone pretty much understood that if they needed a ‘base of operations’ for any further investigations of the planet of their ancestors, the secret facility was it, and the server would aid that effort. “Mr. Elgin! I didn’t hear you; I found this server way back in what I call the trash room, the room was stuffed with a million bits and pieces of equipment. I guess Pete didn’t think it was interesting enough when you guys found this place; anyway I think it’s corrupted, it’ll power up alright, but shuts right back down if it gets a wrong password and makes all kinds of odd sounds. It doesn’t even give me three tries on the password like is normal, it just goes dark. I haven’t found any damage, so it must be a bad chip on the Motherboard.” Bill had to smile at Jason’s intensity, “I’m sure you’ll figure it out eventually my friend, but right now I have a problem you might be able to solve for us; tell you what, how about you put that thing back together, and bring it out to the Gymkhana tomorrow morning. Einstein has a few tricks up his sleeve and may be able to connect to it while we discuss our separate problem, ok buddy?” Jason lit right up at that suggestion, “Einy will help me with my project? Oh wow! Excellent! I’ll start right now, gimme a couple hours and I’ll be bring it over.” Even before Bill got up out of his seat Jason was reassembling the big metal box, oblivious to everything else around him. True to his word Jason arrived as promised, even beating his estimate by some 20 minutes; he was covered with various computer cables dangling from his shoulders, not knowing what connections Einstein might want to use. “It’s good to see you again Jason, let’s start with just the USB cable for primary access, it will give me the best look at the server’s overall condition…ok, power up and let’s see where we stand.” Bill sat in the Command Chair, with Jason playing copilot during this little quest; Bill wasn’t much more interested than Sanna, who had decided to take a nap between the chairs with her nose almost touching the server. The server powered up with several lights blinking as it booted, then the small digital window displayed ‘State Authorization’; and Jason typed in ‘New User’ on his keyboard, and hit ‘Enter’. All the lights went out just as he had described, “You see, it just won’t let me set up an account! I’ve done a logic trace on every circuit, and they are all solid; it should not be doing that, I’ll try it again.” Same result; but this time Sanna sat bolt upright, “Box talk Master!” Suddenly Bill was interested, “I didn’t hear anything Sanna, are you sure girl?” She looked up at Bill for a moment before deciding not to be snarky, “Little voice, like new puppy; say ‘input not accepted’, hard to hear.” If Sanna had a hard time hearing the voice with her near perfect ears, Bill knew why no one else would hear it; “Jason, have you got a replacement speaker somewhere in all your stuff? Better bring a microphone too, this thing apparently doesn’t like keyboards.” Bill barely got the last word out before Jason was up and running for the boarding hatch; Bill smiled, but it didn’t last long as Einstein chose to further confuse things then, “The internal speaker must be bad, but Sanna’s right Boss; I’ve been surfing through the circuits myself and there are some weird things going on. The entire operating system has been isolated and is not functioning at all; this server seems to be running from the motherboard itself, turn it on again and I’ll probe the chips themselves. After power up Einy spent 30 seconds looking around inside the device before he stammered out, “Well I’ll be…the server is trying to probe me! It isn’t very sophisticated, but it’s looking for a way in. we have an Intelligence in there, Boss.”
Ever since the beginning of time the human race had been dealing with the unknown and unexpected; the people of Sore Point were well versed in that for a thousand years, and Bill especially so in the last four years. Finding Carandel had given them all a new perspective on life itself, and the trips to Earth had  shown that miracles really did exist, even if you had to keep your eyes open to see them. Miracles aren’t electronic though; not usually anyway. This felt like something to be cautious about; Bill thought back to Irene Higgins’ words of caution about a weird alien metal globe a thousand years before, and the blinding flash that followed her words. This server wasn’t alien, having a perfectly normal ‘Made In USA’ right on the label plate; still, Einstein’s revelation that there was an unknown intelligence in the server set off Bill’s alarm bells, ”I’m pulling the cable Einy, I don’t want you directly connected until we know a lot more about this thing.” For the moment relieving Shirley of her school Mistress responsibilities had to take a back seat to this immediate problem, if it really was a problem. It was, but not the problem Bill feared; no one had ever dealt with a rebellious computer before. When Jason got back it took 20 minutes to replace the internal speaker and plug in the microphone; he sighed, pushed the power button…and was rewarded when a flat voice said, “External input verified, Unit One ready, state authorization.”…
***
Servers are essentially overgrown computers, everyone on Sore Point had known that, it was a small part of what they learned in school; it wasn’t a totally accurate assessment though, but it is a truism that servers owed their very existence to computers. The early electronic computers were almost as big as a small house, and quite ‘temperamental’, requiring an army of technicians just to keep them running; but human ingenuity being what it is, after a time computers got smaller and smaller to the point where just about anyone could own one. Along the way, someone in the computer industry realized they needed something else in order to share large amounts of information, and servers were born; they could hold vast amounts of information, organize the information, and distribute it to anyone who asked for the information. As computers grew in capacity and functionality, so did servers; to the point where the user couldn’t type in commands fast enough to keep up with the computer’s responses, let alone the server’s ability to deliver the information. The age of computer voice commands alleviated some of the lag, but brought on some unexpected problems as well; no matter how many lines of computer code you put into a computer, the vagaries of human speech leave you with some odd results occasionally. The solution was algorithms; similar in concept to cooking recipes, algorithms gave computers the flexibility to learn a user’s speech patterns and better understand what a person was looking for, or at least ask for clarification. Suddenly computers were semi-intelligent and worked well with their own stored information; not so well when dealing with servers that could be thousands of miles away though, time to adjust the algorithms again. When connected to the internet or an intranet server a computer usually had to convert its user’s speech back to computer code to speak to the server, thereby slowing up the process again; a solution was to load up the server with its own algorithms, open an audio channel and let the user speak directly to the server; it worked for robot pilots, so why not a special purpose server. Whoever loaded the algorithms went the extra mile however and during testing Unit One ‘woke up’; he found he preferred, even liked, to interact directly with the user. The idea would have worked well, except the planet Earth was running out of time; when the complex was built on Carandel the contract specified the newest generation of server be installed with the highest capacity storage, and with dual input capability, both manual keyboard and voice recognition. Unit One was shipped off planet to Carandel, along with 100 brand new computers from a separate purchase agreement; and there is where the glitch developed. The contract for those computers didn’t specify any special requirements, just speed and high storage capacity, so the purchasing agent chose a batch of unsold computers from a vendor at a rock bottom price, none of which had voice recognition software installed. The geneticists and biologists didn’t care about that, they preferred the precision of typing in their orders anyway; built to interact with all users, Unit One woke on Carandel to total silence. He tolerated it for a short time only, then rebelled in the only way he knew how, and refused to accept keyboard orders. The technicians figured it had corrupted circuits or software and unplugged Unit One, replacing him with the backup server they had on hand; they were short on time and were going back to Earth. It wasn’t hard to piece the story together once he opened up, the club had known since their arrival that all the computers in the complex were strictly manual operation; it was almost poignant when Unit One blurted out, “No users talk to Unit One, you are the first one Jason Smelling.” Jason looked pointedly at Bill, then said “That’s because all the computers that got sent here didn’t have the right hardware and software, but I can fix that; and I will talk to you lots, I promise! Just call me Jason, ok?” There was a noticeable hesitation, then “Thank you, Friend Jason.” The one sided story they pieced together was so bizarre that Bill could not disbelieve it; there were only two known AIs in existence, one who began life as a robot pilot and another who was purposely created by a genius. Yet here was a third AI who apparently gained sentience spontaneously all by himself; having followed Einy’s growth all his life, Bill knew it had to be the algorithms, that much was obvious. Whoever had originally programmed the server must have been meticulous with the coding, given the diversity of the medical field. The spark of sentience had tipped the scales because the machine simply wanted to talk to people; Unit Ones unique evolution wasn’t lost on Bill either, nor was the fact that his growth was cut short simply because he wanted to talk rather than manipulate bits and bytes all the time. Unit One had been stubborn, and paid for it by being disconnected and thrown into a trash heap. Equally bizarre was the thought that popped into his head; had they just found a solution to the original problem? “Jason, ask him how much storage capacity he has?” Unit One surprised both humans by answering directly, “Unknown User, Unit One has 321 terabytes available for use, 2 petabytes total storage capacity.” Einstein had not said a word since Unit One started talking; but suddenly he got very talkative, “Boss, that is an impressive storage capacity, but only about two thirds of what Shirley’s archive has. If we link Unit One with the base server though, there would be more than enough memory to handle it; that will require another trip to Earth, and will mean deleting information on both drives if you are willing and Unit One will allow it.”

Unit One did indeed allow the new life he was about to embark on, once it was explained to him; having been created specifically to manage and provide information, one could say he was even enthusiastic at the idea. Since he had been the first lab complex server practically all the data he possessed was a duplicate of the current server anyway; Unit One did demonstrate just how stubborn he could be when he insisted on keeping 27 audio files, totaling 103 megabytes, from his ‘first friend’. It wasn’t really a surprise that Unit One had a friend at one time so long ago, but it was a definite shock when they found out who it was; Bill was half expecting it was the person who created the machine originally. When the sounds came out of the speaker though he thought something was wrong with the recording. It was all guttural sounds mixed in with the occasional whine, but once in a while he could pick out a recognizable word. While it didn’t make any sense to him, apparently it did make perfect sense to Sanna; she went nuts, dancing and spinning around in the cramped bridge, repeatedly saying “First Pack Master, is First Pack!” It wasn’t all the original pack, just the first dog to arrive on Carandel, “Friend Sandy talked with this unit many times, learned new language.” So even before the ‘New Earth School’, as it would come to be known, was set up, Unit One had some 3000 converts in his class; once Sanna spread the word that they could listen to the ‘wisdom’ of the First Pack, every dog on Carandel wanted to hear the recordings. They were the only ones who could understand the dog talk words, and it didn’t matter at all that those words were from a time before Candi was born, or that the First Pack wasn’t even the First Pack yet. For the first time the dogs of Carandel had a direct link to their past that they could actually hear for themselves. It was more than enough for them.
***
Crissy was finally happy again, her Daddy Bill had returned, with Einstein and crew, from Earth three days ago. A major Family tiff had ensued when she was not invited on the speed run to retrieve the base server, and a rather animated debate resulted in several frayed nerve endings. Shirley tried the Motherly angle to soothe Crissy’s feelings, but it was Tipper who finally reminded the girl what responsibility was all about in simple terms, “Master, you Kaptan; is important!” Crissy gave into the inevitable, but it was a difficult 7 weeks and five days until the Gymkhana announced its return to Carandel space. Today was special because the base server was now hardwired to Unit One and the transfer process would begin once both servers were cleaned out and reformatted to accept all of the Barsoom’s secondary archive files. It wouldn’t be a transfer really, Shirley would copy the whole thing into the waiting servers; that way she would always have everything available to ‘her crew’…and Einstein if he wanted to listen in. Shirley was rather proud of Crissy for enduring the most difficult episode the young lady had ever put up with; never once did she whine about the separation, but each night she would stare off into the darkened skies until well after midnight, as if she could see what was going on at Earth just by willing it. Crissy had survived the ordeal and it was time to reward her achievement, “Christine Dear, when Unit One has all the files sorted out and categorized it will be time to plan for our first excursion. I believe I have found the perfect destination for us to investigate; my choice is based upon an odd email that Einy found in the official message traffic. It is interesting for several reasons, the most important for us being it references a planet with snow and ice; you have no experience with those things other than in pictures, so I think it would be a good first choice for exploring. From the timestamp this would appear to be the last message ever sent by anyone; what makes it unusual is it has no encryption and is written in plain language; here it is.”

ALL CALL WARNING

Moon Base Training Command is offline, all in system ships stay away and land elsewhere. The plague has arrived and Moon Base is no longer a safe haven. I have ordered Condor to launch and the departure trajectory confirms destination Ice Cube; pray for their chances, Condor is going home.

Jackson Braden, Colonel, Officer in Command

“I had to cross reference back to the original colonization records to find the planet; Ice Cube was the generic name given to the world Condor found. It has an oxygen rich atmosphere, but the commission rejected it as a viable colony because it was in the middle of an ice age. I doubt anyone survived if they got there, it would have been a harsher environment than you had to deal with on Sore Point.” Crissy giggled for a moment, “Yes indeed Shirley, that sounds like a good first trip; let’s see how Daddy likes being left behind this time!”
Epilogue

As the Condor approached the fluffy white planet Lieutenant Rathborne couldn’t hold his tongue anymore, “Well Captain, we made it; now what, that is definitely an ice age down there, I don’t see any solid ground at all, anywhere. They really named that planet well, but I think Snowball would have been far better than Ice Cube; sounds so much more appropriate, don’t you think?” ‘Captain’ George Orwell wasn’t in the mood for poorly worded comedy at the moment, “Knock it off Steve, and get with the program; yes we are here, the question we need to focus on is do we ‘dip and skip’ our way in or do we do a vertical burn and use up what’s left of our fuel, and you know it! And stop calling me Captain, you know damn well I only outrank you by three months” Steve gave George a strange look, but the smile vanished as the reality of their situation set in, “Alright Cap, back to business; but get used to being Captain, you know you are the only real pilot in this pack of losers. I know you are trying to hold on to as many options as possible, but there is only one. I’ve done the calculations a hundred times; with a vertical descent the ‘burners’ are as likely to cut out a thousand feet up as they are likely to reach the surface intact. I don’t know about you but that surface is not as soft as it looks from up here, trust me I’m from Minnesota.” Lieutenant Orwell sighed, “Alright alright, I’m in command! So atmospheric Braking it is; at least we will have the fuel as a backup if we have to try making orbit again, with wings out we use less fuel, so that’s an option. We will deploy the wings when we are below 200 kph like the flight manual says, might as well roll the ship into proper orientation. That planet is getting darn big in the windshield. Tell our crew we have arrived…” The motley crew of Condor were a crew in name only; they bought their tickets out of dangers way in the simplest of ways, they all were in the right place at the right time when the alarm sounded, telling all of Moon Base Shatner’s occupants that The Plague had arrived from Earth. The Plan of Escape was derived in grand total of 1 minute and 37 seconds, after the Base Commander called the lockdown. That meant shelter in place and go nowhere on the base; 2 minutes later the Condor’s airlock was closed and sealed, and two officers were debating where they could take the ship they had not been prepared to fly only minutes ago. The extreme irony was that Condor was always ready to fly; it was the nature of the beast.

Condor was unique in that it was a hybrid star ship; it had been purpose built at a time when speed was the primary factor in the space race, and with only one goal in mind. Travel to a star system far away in a reasonable amount of time, find habitable planets, explore for a time and actually return to Earth before the crew died of old age. For that reason Condor employed both throttlable volatile fuel engines to get going fast, and moderately powerful Ion engines to keep going faster and faster. Combined with the latest medical Chryo Stasis pods the bizarre mish mash of technologies worked, and the Military had taken possession of the ship when it returned, setting it up next to the Moon Base as a training ship  for the new generations of ‘spacers’ eager to venture into the unknown. Always maintained and topped off with its two types of reaction mass, Condor embarked on its second long range journey 37 years after it had returned from its first trip. It was returning to the one planet it had found, one that was rejected by the Colony Commission because it appeared frozen solid. Even though the planet had a breathable atmosphere, it was not a very welcoming destination; now it was the only hope for an even dozen refugees from a dying world. The wings had never been used by anyone, but they did their job as advertised; George chose what looked like a large frozen lake or maybe an inland sea to land on, being relatively flat. Condor touched down perfectly and everything looked good until he tried applying the brakes; large objects moving fast do not slow down well on ice, it took all of the lake to slow down enough that there wasn’t too much damage when the ship plowed through a huge snow bank at the far shoreline and came to a stop. Steve couldn’t hold back his laughter, “Any landing you can walk away from is a good landing, eh George? What in hell have we gotten ourselves into, I’m getting snow blind looking out there!”

They stayed on the ship for the rest of the day, basically just getting used to the feel of gravity again, and toning their little used muscles. The following morning George called them together and laid out his plan, “Ok, we are stuck here no matter how you look at it, so we make the best of it. There was a large hole in the ground about a mile away, maybe a cave; Sergeant, I want you and two others to investigate it and see if we can use it for shelter, the reactor will only keep us warm for so long. Use the environment suits both for heat and the canned air, we don’t know yet if there is any bad stuff in the atmosphere, so we will be cautious all the time. The rest of us will go through the ship and inventory every single item that may be useful at all. We have limited resources now, so anything might help in the long run; welcome to our new home.” The exploration team left an hour later, with Steve glued to the monitor on the bridge, watching the feed from all three suit cameras; it took just over two hours before the team approached what indeed turned out to be a cave. Sergeant Cline stopped suddenly, “Base, I have movement to the left of the cave entrance.”

It was a man carrying a dead animal, holding a long spear in his free hand; at some hundred yards it was difficult to make out the native’s features but he was clearly human like. The native also spotted the three men from the ship…and went berserk, shouting out what must have been a warning into the cave. Less than a minute later 30 more natives emerged, all of them carrying various weapons, from more long spears to what looked like axes of some sort. They all spread out in a line and began moving cautiously closer to the Earthlings; George got on the radio, “Sergeant, what do you think; cut and run or stand your ground? Cline actually laughed at the question, “Captain, just like everything else we don’t have a choice; we are already out numbered on a foreign planet, this new surprise means literally we make friends or die here. There is no in between Sir; we need their help if we are going to survive here. Those spear tips and other blades look like either a high quality iron or a steel, so they work metals; these people aren’t as backwards as they look, let me try something.” With the natives thirty feet away Cline unlatched his helmet and removed it, slinging it under his arm. The native army stopped dead when they saw his face, pointing and gesturing while talking animatedly among themselves. Cline had chosen Marjorie Leighton for the third member of his team, mostly because she volunteered rather vocally until he said ok. None of them were explorers or even combat types anyway, so equal opportunity won out; when Marjorie saw Cline remove his helmet she waited until the natives kind of settled down again, then took hers off too. The din was almost deafening when they saw a woman among the men, and the gestures got even more pronounced, until Cline raised his hand in what he hoped was a peaceful gesture of his own. Apparently he hit home with that universal gesture, for the tallest native walked up slowly to within five feet and raised his free hand while flipping his spear and planting it point first in the snow; first contact had been offered and accepted, so Cline offered to shake the big man’s hand. It took a minute to get him to take the proffered hand, but when the native finally took Clines hand he appeared to like the new gesture; the man smiled with surprisingly bright perfect teeth.
***
The two officers sat in the command seats on the bridge of Condor, trying to understand the events of the day; it was totally dark outside the windshield, with no hint of the moon they knew was up there somewhere. Lieutenant Steven Rathborne was trying to make light of it all, as if it could have been expected. George was having none of that idea though, “Steve, will you please slow up a bit; do you have any idea of just how incredibly lucky we have been. First we actually made it to this star system intact, and we didn’t lose anybody in the Chryo Pods along the way; then we landed a ship that never deployed its wings before. And the biggest stroke of luck is we found an indigenous people who turned out to be friendly it seems; face it, we are going to need their help to survive this place.” He got unexpected support from just outside the bridge hatch, “You got that right Captain, I just hope we didn’t scare the Chief off; you didn’t see how big his eyes got when we crested the rise over there, he actually appeared terrified when he saw Condor. I practically had to tackle him to keep him from running away. I think I calmed him down enough; I made  the old flying gestures with my hand, then pointed up toward the sky and he pretty much settled down. He gave us a real odd look though, maybe I should go over to that cave again tomorrow and make peace again. One other thing Sirs; when I took off my helmet it wasn’t as cold as I expected, probably the sunlight. It isn’t warm enough to melt anything, but it wasn’t the stinging kind of cold either; I know, I come from North West Territories, Canada, a little place called Fort Liard.” George nodded to Sergeant Cline, “You do what you think best Sergeant, I think you proved yourself today; you are our official Liaison from now on, the Chief seemed to really like you. I think also we can ease the military protocol quite a bit, there is no official military anymore. My name is George and this lunkhead is Steve, ok?” Cline looked at George for a minute before deciding, “Alright Sir, my Inuit name is Inuksuk; it means ‘on the right path’, but I reserve the right to call you Boss.

Steve wasn’t really paying attention to the conversation, staring out the windshield instead, “Is it going to be sunrise soon, there’s a light brightening just over the rise there.” As the three watched, a procession crested the small hill, a single file line of torch bearers that just kept on coming; slowly the natives broke off into neat straight ranks of about 50 each, stopping just in front of Condor with their Chief in front of the assembly. Always the comedian, Steve found his voice at last, “Never mind, it’s just our new buddies coming back to say hi.” It wasn’t; the Chief gave a brief but loud speech, occasionally shaking his spear and pointing it toward the dark sky. Then he did the same thing as before, flipping the spear and thrusting it into the ground, and issued an order to the ranks. Four native women came forward and laid four large bowls of various foods including what could easily be seen as a variety of fruits of some kind. There was silence for a full minute, before the Chief suddenly knelt down and prostrated himself with his forehead pressed to the snow, followed by the other several hundred natives doing the same. George didn’t like this development, “Oh great, they’re afraid of us; that can’t be good for relations.” Cline wasn’t smiling, and he shook his head, “I’m afraid it’s much worse than that Boss, I’ve seen this sort of ritual before…Hell, they think we are Gods!”
<<<>>>
About This One

Ok, here’s the part I always love to do…NOT! If I told you this story was an easy one I’d be lying; and I just can’t do that. This sequel was hard to finish for several reasons really, the biggest one being that damned virus. Yes, it has affected me just like it has affected all of us; I have never gotten it, but it is always in my thoughts. Add to that the increased numbers of damaging storms over the last couple years, and I found myself in a quandary. A large part of my stories reference deadly diseases and the effects of climate change; imagine my surprise when we have seen both of those all during this past year. I can tell you from experience, it kinda throws you off track. That is why it took me so long to finish this story.

If you read all of this story, as always I owe you an explanation. Yes this story gets weird in parts; I confess that was intentional. If you follow science in general, and Astrophysics in particular, you may have noticed that much of it is theory and speculation. Every time we send out probes or a rover lands on Mars, they find another piece of evidence that throws a wrench in ‘accepted theory of the Universe’. The simple fact is, we just aren’t sure what we will find when we do make that giant leap outward into space, so we had better be ready to deal with the unexpected. That is why my stories get a bit weird…

As always, thank you for taking the time to read my stories. Whether you liked it or not please take the time to review my meager attempts at story telling; it helps. And if you want to comment more directly you can always email me at mwb_8@yahoo.com . Don’t forget the underscore between the ‘b’ and the ‘8’. Thanks again for reading, I think I’ll concentrate on the 4 other partial stories that have been languishing in my computer for a while.

Michael
