House of Gates
By
Lawrence Caldwell

Book One in the House of Gates Series

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.
Copyright © Lawrence Caldwell, 2021

Look for These Other Titles by Lawrence Caldwell
AEVALIN AND THE AGE OF READVENTURE
Klause Schuar, the Grand Bastard
Trials on the Isle of Morr
Knight of Aevalin
Errant Adventurer
Kingdom of the Blue Dragon
THE JINNI AND THE ISEKAI
The Jinni and the Isekai
The Black Cobra of Mar’a Thul
Coil and Strike
The Sultan of Darshuun
Sultan’s Legacy
ANARCHO
Fracture Rating
Hussy
Landfill Lich
Rescue Operation
Dreams of Forever
THE PRINCESS AND THE MAGICIAN
The Wind Steppe Princess and the Amalfi Magician
PARADISE
Icon of Paradise
HOUSE OF GATES
BOOK ONE: A Grand Summons
OTHER TITLES
Wakiagau
Haven
Teisatsusha
Blackwood Company
Littlehand Hakuria
Attack on the Spire Keep
The Reconnoiters
Skydrift
Acheron

BOOK ONE: A Grand Summons

“Our enemies are Medes and Persians, men who for centuries have lived soft and luxurious lives; we of Macedon for generations past have been trained in the hard school of danger and war. Above all, we are free men, and they are slaves.”—Alexander the Great

Prologue
Empress Zanna Caelestinius of Lucia stepped out of her carriage, accompanied by none of her advisors, courtiers or upper nobility.
She had come to the House of Gates, largely alone, save for her most trusted knights, mages and other magickers from the army.
I have wanted this my whole life.
She was only sorry that for this moment to come to pass, the Battle of the Dead Emperors had to have happened first.
Lucia and Florencia, two empires locked in mortal war for centuries, had been destroying themselves ever since. And though the hostilities waned at times, the last decade had been particularly grievous—for both sides.
Thunder rumbled in the black clouds overhead. 
“My Empress!” Sir Hariacci said, and thumped a fist to his armored chest. He stood. “All has been prepared for you.”
“Very good.”
She walked across the grounds, her shoulders straight and her head held high as befitted her stature. Statues of lions, eagles and other majestic creatures lined the entrance of the Lucia side of the House of Gates.
Also in a long line were her knights and mages, loyal only to Zanna
The house—if it could ever truly be called a house or even a mansion—was brightly lit, the luminescence cascading out into the grounds.
She stepped into the foyer, her boots clacking against the polished tiles. At her hip, her rapier swayed with her steps.
“Empress Caelestinus!” October said in greeting. “It is a pleasure to see you.”
“General,” she said with a nod. “I will not be accompanied into the citadel drawing room.”
She walked, and he followed closely at her side, a small procession of knights and high-ranking officers on their heels.
“Forgive my impudence, Empress—but is that wise? With such hostilities between Lucia and Florencia, I must insist that I accompany you personally, at the very least.
Smiling, Zanna said, “No.”
“I beseech you, Empress!”
Stopping within the sumptuous hall, she glanced at her general. “October, you well know that I could best you in a duel within moments. Your presence would be nothing more than a formality.”
His countenance was one of mild embarrassment. “Even so, Empress.”
“You will remain at the drawing room doors,” she said, feeling completely at ease.  “If I call for you, then—and only then—may you flood into the chamber to protect me. But I know it will not come to that.”
“How can you be certain?”
October was a tall dapper man. He was not a leader to get his own hands dirty with fighting. He wore crisp black trousers and a jacket with white-lace cuffs, his hair, also black, pulled back into a short tail at the nape of his neck.
She regarded his dark eyes. 
“I know Emperor Albion well,” she said. “Need I explain myself to my generals—or do you trust your empress implicitly as well as explicitly?”
He took a step back, realizing his overreach. “My sincerest apologies, Empress Caelestinius. By the Gods, I serve at your pleasure and yours alone!”
“Then follow me.”
She stalked forward, not slowly, but not at a speed that bespoke hurry. That would be unbecoming of her. Ever was she the proper Empress of Lucia—a being of near perfect perfection. 
At least in the eyes of the people of Imperial Lucia.

Albion left his entourage behind as he grasped the golden handles of the doors leading into the citadel drawing room and pushed them open.
Though Emperor of Florencia, he was not one to have his servants do something as trivial as opening doors.
Glancing beyond, the doors on the other side had not yet been opened. Empress Caelestinius was always one to be fashionably late—even before her ascension to the throne. She had, to Albion’s knowledge, never changed her character to suit the throne of Lucia.
She was born for it.
Unlike Albion, who felt out of place ruling his own empire, an empire come to him because of the Battle of the Dead Emperors. Nearly having abdicated the role, he had decided against it, due to his good friend Toni, who had encouraged him during those dark times.
Walking further into the drawing room, he glanced about. He had refused his guards to check the room beforehand. Albion trusted Empress Caelestinius. Zanna was… an old acquaintance.
Even still, he was looking about the drawing room. 
There were no others in the chamber. Pushing out with his feeble magicks, he sensed no hidden auras in the chamber.
The House of Gates was something to behold. The rugs themselves, of dark floral patterns, were worth that of entire villages. The blood red silk curtains in this chamber alone contained enough materials to furnish the royal palace of Florencia.
The white doors on the other side of the chamber, gilded in gold floral patterns, opened to reveal two knights, Empress Caelestinius in an opulent white dress between them. Her upper arms were exposed, but her gloves covered her bare skin up to her elbows.
As she walked forward, her boots knocked against the floor, making sounds that could draw the ear from thirty paces away.
Albion swallowed as he went nearer the furniture in the center of the room. There was a series of sofas and small tables that created an enclosure—almost a separate room within the chamber.
“Albion,” Empress Caelestinius said with a barely perceptible nod.
“Zanna,” he said, returning the gesture.
They both sat on the furniture.
Zanna was as straight-backed as a piece of the wall furniture, her posture seemingly at complete ease. Albion doubted he looked half as decorously prim in his trousers, tunic and doublet—even with the lace.
In the past I felt like a commoner in her presence. As I do now. If there should be one ruler of the two empires, it should be her.
“How was your journey here?” he asked, trying to maintain propriety.
“Damp,” she said. 
Zanna’s face carried a slight smile, or was that simply a look of superiority? If it was, she was not improper to feel that way in his presence.
With a nod, he said, “You look well.”
“Thank you. As do you, Albion.”
He couldn’t help but smile at her compliment. “You are too kind.”
There was a pause between them.
Finally, Zanna said, “This cannot go on, Albion. Our empires have been tearing each other apart. We are weakening.”
“I agree,” he said.
“I am sorry that it took the Battle of the Dead Emperors to bring us together like this.” In truth, Zanna and Albion had been the emperor and empress of their respective empires for nearly a decade,
Glancing into her eyes, he nodded.
Then she smiled. “You always were a quiet one.”
“What are we going to do?” he asked. She had hinted in her letters, but never outright told him what she thought the solution was to the endless bloodshed between Florencia and Lucia.
“Our enemies are on our doorstep and tensions between Lucia and Florencia are worse than they have ever been in my life.”
He nodded.
“We must unite—but not only to defeat our enemies, but to stop our rivalries. An exchange of nobility will not be enough.”
“That failed the dead emperors.”
Often called the “dead emperors,” the past leaders of Florencia and Lucia were in fact the parents and grandparents of both Albion and Zanna.
“Yes,” she said with a heavy sigh.
Part of Albion wanted to hate Zanna—hate her family—hate the nobility of which she came from. Either he was too tired or too weak to remain hateful these past years.
That was nothing to say for the people of Florencia.
“The only way we can stop the hatred and bloodshed,” Zanna said, “is to unite. More fully.”
“What are you suggesting?”
“I am suggesting an exchange of nobility.”
With a mild frown, he looked at her, confused. Had she really brought him here to suggest something that had failed in the past?
“What I mean,” she continued, “is a more… permanent exchange.”
“You are suggesting Florencian land titles be given to Lucian nobility and vice versa?”
She said nothing for a moment. “Yes,” she said. “And more.”
“More?”
“Marriage, Albion.”
He tried to hide his feelings of being taken aback at what she had just proposed. 
“Yes,” she added. “Our noble houses must intermarry—from the lowest of the nobility… all the way up to the Emperor of Florencia and the Empress of Lucia. I see that look in your eyes. Do not discount what I am proposing. There has been so much bloodshed. I hate you, Albion. I want to kill you as I sit here with you, maintaining a proper demeanor of decorum and formality.”
Narrowing her eyes, she continued. “I want to strange you with my bare hands for what your mother and father did to my family. I want you and all of your descendants to lie dead and bleeding at my feet while I crack your skull with my boot.”
His heart was beating hard enough to make his chest hurt. Had she chosen to, she could indeed kill him here. He did not have the magical prowess to best her in a duel of magic.
Breathing in deeply, he made to speak, but Zanna interrupted him with a raise of her finger.
“It must stop. But when? When we are all dead? Shall we slink away from this meeting now and continue to kill one another until both of our empires are conquered by some outside foe? Shall we leave it to our descendants to settle the affairs that we—me and you—have the power to change?”
He looked at her, then. He wasn’t certain what to say—had not been expecting her to broach a suggestion so radical. Over the years, the two empires had tried various things to lessen hostilities, to attempt to bring the animosity down to a point where there could be peace.
This is not peace she is suggesting, but a merging of the empires like the days of old. But could this be possible?
“You look on at me as if I am a mad woman,” Zanna said.
“No,” he said. “I am… I do not know what to say.”
And that was the truth.
“Albion, you have always known me to be a woman of pride—and at times, of anger. But I am tired. We are all of us, tired.”
“How would… How do you suggest we get the houses to intermarry?” he asked, the thought of him marrying Zanna sitting before him coming into his mind.
The very idea almost seemed ludicrous!
She almost chuckled. “I can tell that you have doubts.”
“Doubts,” he said, “is an understatement.”
“Indeed.”
“But, I am not unwilling to entertain your idea. For the time being. But how?”
“I can only speak of my personal experience,” she said. “I hate Florencia. I hate your ancestors for killing the ones I love.”
“I know your feelings well, Zanna.”
“Yes. And yet, there are members of the Florencian nobility of whom I’ve never met, of whom have never met or killed my family. Why should I hate them?”
“Because they support those who have killed your family.”
She looked at him, her eyes intense. 
He wondered after her thoughts.
“Perhaps,” she said. “And yet, with that logic, I should hate half the world for every war Lucia has ever fought. Am I not correct, Albion?”
“You are.”
“We know what must be done.”
“But… how?”
“We must hold a grand ball, here at the House of Gates.”
“Truly?”
“Yes!”
Despite her decorum and formal demeanor of propriety, he sensed an inner hotness about her, a furious burning inferno being tamped down—controlled.
“A grand ball such as the like the world has never seen,” she said. “Our noble houses will meet here, and none of us leaves until we have settled our differences.”
“Like children,” he said.
She smiled, her eyebrow raised and shrugged.
“And if we don’t? Don’t settle our differences?”
“Then we kill one another until there are none left to wage war on the other. Let the commoners sort out the empires of Florencia and Lucia without us.”
“Some may—“
“Call me mad?”
“Perhaps I am mad. But it would take madness to end this madness between our nations, Albion.”
“We are at war—even now. How can this come to pass—this dream?”
“We can no longer fight for our empires,” she said. “You and I—we must ally together—to fight for an end to this all.”
“What do you suggest?”
“No.”
“No?”
“Not now,” she said, glancing about as if someone might be listening. “That is enough for now. Let this be the first of our secret meetings, Albion. Say you will think on what we have discussed?”
The look in her eyes…
It was not one of beseeching, though that was his first impression. Empress Zanna Caelestinius was not one to beseech.
There was more there.
She was looking at him, as a woman looks at a man?
Surely not.
Clearing his throat, he stood. “I will… think on what you have told me tonight, Zanna.”
She stood as well. 
“Then it has begun,” she said. “The start. Not Lucia against Florencia, but Emperor Albion and Empress Zanna against them both, as the future birth of a new empire, the seed of which has been planted—begins to grow.”
With a short bow, he said. “I bid you farewell, Empress.”
“And you,” she said with a nod, “Emperor.”
They parted ways there in the citadel drawing room.

Zanna, her heart beating faster than it had in months, walked toward the doors that opened up into the Lucia side of the House of Gates. 
Her knights opened the doors for her. But before she passed through them, she did something she hadn’t done in years.
She glanced back into the chamber she had meant to leave. On the other side was Albion, looking on at her. 
Even from the distance, she could see the shock—feel the shock—the apprehension on and within Albion.
And within herself most of all.
Gods forgive me if I am making a mistake.

Zanna turned and left the drawing room, her knights closing the gold gilded doors behind her. He looked on at those doors for a moment.
“My lord?”
She’s right, he thought. Florencia and Lucia can battle one another, locked in mortal war forever.
Until it destroys us both.
For the future, and the future of generations to come… a change had to happen. Would happen.
If the Emperor of Florencia did—and accomplished—what he thought to be only a dream. 
But even the Gods allow dreams to come true sometimes…

Almost three years had passed since that strange and secret meeting between the imperial powers of Lucia and Florencia.
And now Maximilian Silvanus was leading a band of mounted knights against a rival Florencian knight by the name of Gabriela Farreli. In a way, these two were arch nemeses, having fought against one another on the field of battle half a dozen times.
Max’s only regret was that he was never able to catch Lady Farreli in the fray so he could kill her.
He was atop his horse, Inorio as his scouts came riding up.
“Tell me,” Max ordered.
“It is her, Lord Silvanus. Lady Farrali. She is leading a group of some fifty mounted knights. Our spies have confirmed that they carry large chests.”
“The gold,” Max said to no one in particular, though his men and friends surely heard, as they too were atop their horses, with him, ready to ride. There was Sir Hulio, Lord Drenna and of course, the commoner, but loved by the group, Jon.
This Florencian band had raided the Lucian countryside for weeks. And not for the first time. Max wanted to strike at something, cleave it in two.
“What is their direction?” he asked.
The lead scout glanced back toward where they had ridden up from. “They’re riding along the river—to meet a boat, no doubt so they can continue raiding.”
“As they always do,” Max said. He gritted his teeth. “It’s that lady bitch knight again,” he growled. 
“She’s bold to come raiding thrice in one year,” Lord Drenna said as he leaned forward atop his horse.
“We’ll overtake her this time, my lord.” It was Sir Hulio. He grinned. “Do we ride?”
Max nodded and kicked his horse.
Behind him he heard Sir Hulio bellow, “WE RIDE!” to the company, and his forty knights thundered after him.
They rode quickly for a time, then slowed their horses to a trot and crossed the river to the side where Farreli was. They had to gallop quickly to get ahead of them, and with the treasure en toe, that was not difficult.
Their horses thundered across the bridge. 
Max signaled for the band to turn as they trotted down the river toward Farreli and her group. Once they were visible, Max would order the general charge.
“Lord Drenna,” he called.
“Max?”
“I want you to take your knights left and then wheel into Farreli’s side. Smash them!”
“As you say.”
“Leave Farreli to me!”
Lord Drenna laughed. “I wouldn’t try to kill her before you if I was getting paid to do so, my friend.”
Max glanced at the other lord and smirked.
His scouts had galloped ahead in search of the enemy. Once they had them in their sights again, they would return to Max with the information.
And with that thought, his scouts appeared above the hills, the forests of darkwood trees providing a thick overhead canopy that blocked out the early morning light.
Galloping to meet Max, he pulled up short on his horse’s reigns and waited for the scout. He stopped not ten paces ahead, his horse kicking up mud and dirt in its haste to stop.
“Lady Farreli is over the next rise!” He pointed.
Narrowing his eyes, Max turned to his friend, Lord Drenna. “You know what to do!” 
With a nod he galloped off, his men riding with him. The other twenty or so knights under his direct command waited for his signal. He tuned in his saddle. “You all know what to do! Kill as many of them as you can. If you find the loot, secure it and get away. Leave Lady Farreli to me. If you have a chance to capture her, do so.”
“For Lucia!” one knight cried.
The rest followed suit.
“Onward!” Max bellowed. Kicking his horse, he raced ahead of his knights.
The delay would give Drenna more time to maneuver his men into position, and once the fray began, Farreli wouldn’t know what was happening.

Max dismounted his horse and glanced about. 
“We’re too late,” Jon Said.
Max glanced at the blonde-haired man. He was of a smaller stature with slightly watery eyes and a narrow chin.
Still glancing about, it was evident that his commoner friend was correct. Farreli and her knights were nowhere to be seen. On the ground were scattered remnants of a dozen campfires, some of them still smoking after being doused.
“Damn.” Max Said.
“We can still catch them if they’re on horseback,” Sir Hulio said. He hadn’t gotten off his horse.
“No,” Max said musingly as he followed some wheel tracks toward the water’s edge. He bent, pulled his riding gloves off and touched the tracks with his bare skin. “No, they’ve already boarded their boat. We’ll never catch them.”
Lord Drenna and his men rode up. “Max!” Drenna called.
Max stood up. “What is it, man?”
Dismounting, he stalked over to Max and put out his hand. In it, was a sealed letter. 
The wax was marked with crossing rapiers over a coat of arms he didn’t recognize. But Max had a feeling he knew who wrote the letter.
Taking it, he broke the seal and unfolded the parchment. It read:
Dear Maxi,
As you well know, it is I, Gabriela Farreli who writes to you. We’re an inseparable pair, it seems. And… as it seems, I have bested you yet again in our little game of cat and mouse. How I wish I could pinch your cheek and tell you “Better luck next time!”
Sincerely yours,
Gabriela Farreli
With narrowing eyes, Max breathed out heavily, a strong sense of annoyance washing over him. He handed the letter to Drenna.
He took it, read, and then began laughing.
“I do not enjoy you laughing at my expense,” Max said.
“I am sorry, my friend. It is not you I laugh at, but this woman’s boldness. She’s like a mountain claw in heat.”
“That does not make me feel better, Drenna.”
“Hmm.” He tapped Max’s arm. “Perhaps you will capture her soon. But I wonder if you will know what to do once you have her?”
“I know very well what I will do!”
Sir Hulio and Jon did not request to see the letter. Even though they were both friends of Max, they were of a decidedly lower station than he, Jon particularly so. Such a request, especially after Drenna’s behavior would be ill suited indeed.
But Drenna, being Max’s equal, could react however he wished, short of being challenged to a duel of honor, that was.
Another rider came up and joined the group. Max looked at him, realizing he was not one of Max’s men. He was a royal courier of the army.
“My lord Silvanus?” he asked.
“Here,” Drenna said, pointing at Max with his black glove.
“Speak, man,” Max said. “What message do you bring me?”
The courier pulled out a letter from his satchel and handed it to Max. “Our Royal Emperor has commanded that all forces withdraw from the enemy at once.”
“What is the meaning of this?” Max asked. “We’re in Florencian territory, you fool—why do you give me this?”
“All aggressions are to be held back,” the courier said. “Read the letter, Lord.” Then he turned and asked, “Lord Drenna?”
“Here.”
“I have one for you as well, my lord.” He handed Drenna the letter.
The courier did not wait for Max and Drenna to do as he suggested, instead he mounted his horse and rode off, to some other group to deliver a similar letter no doubt.
Max ripped the letter open.
By royal decree, all hostilities to Florencia and her armies are to be henceforth stopped for a time, until a parley of the noble and royal houses of Lucia and Florencia have finished convening. 
You, Maximilian Silvanus are commanded by our glorious emperor, Albion Justin of Florencia to make way to the House of Gates immediately.
The empires of Lucia and Florencia are to have a royal ball, such as like the world has never seen, where both sides will parley. It is time for this conflict to come to an end.
And so it shall be.
Albion Justin, Emperor of Florencia
“…sighed Albion Justin, Emperor of Florencia,” Drenna read, then lowered his own letter. “I do not understand.”
“It has the personal signature and seal of the emperor,” Max muttered. “Is yours addressed to you personally?”
Drenna nodded.
“A lot of care was taken to write, seal and send these letters.”
“Time taken out of Justin’s days,” Drenna added.
The very nature of a letter, signed and sealed by the emperor carried a certain weight—the kind of weight that could not be ignored. Should Max choose to disregard this letter, he could be stripped of his rank—possibly worse.
“Has something like this ever been done before?” Sir Hulio asked.
Max looked up at his friend and knight, feeling like he wanted to snap and gnash his teeth. “Never.”
“Well,” Drenna said. “I guess that means we can clean and sheath our swords.”
Damn, I was close.
“Don’t worry,” Drenna said as he tapped Max’s arm. “Lady Farreli can wait. Who knows—she might even be at this parley.”
“Ball,” Hulio said.
“Whatever.”
“I hope not,” Max said. “If I ever meet her in person, I’ll strangle her.”
Drenna laughed.
“Damn you, sir.”

I—Atsumatto of Momori Jinja Haisu
“Why are you here?”
The man was either from Lucia or Florencia, Atsumatto couldn’t say. He looked on at the hooded figure, his glinting eyes hidden, his grin one of manic lust for… for what?
He is not well, Atsumatto thought from atop the dais. 
The room was dark, smoke from the braziers wafted through the space, giving the whole atmosphere one of hazy uncertainty.
Normally Atsumatto might send such a man on his way, but something about him bespoke of nobility. He was a traitor.
Not a spy.
“You know why I’m here,” he breathed. “You’ve wanted it. That sweet taste. The glory of victory can be yours. You have but to reach… and take it!”
Atsumatto was surrounded by his aides and hidden in the darkness were his most elite ninja, protecting him—guarding him from this madman.
“Why are you here?” he asked again.
The crazy man, in what were once fine clothes, now ripped and tattered, lifted his chin. It made those glinting eyes of his hidden even deeper within his cowl.
“Hate… them all.” His lips pulled back in a snarl. “Everything about them. I’ve suffered enough. I’ve gone mad.” He laughed maniacally. “Can’t you see?”
This interaction was distasteful. Atsumatto felt an air of greasy villainy in this room—and he was a part of it—would be a part of it, if he continued this conversation any further.
And yet…
I must be greedy.
“Explain yourself,” he said. “Now. Or I will have my guards throw you out!”
“Ah,” the man noised, his smile coming back. He swayed slightly and then leaned into a sudden sidestep. 
Was he drunk? There was no way the guards would let a drunk man seeking an audience through the entrance.
No, the crazy man was not drunk. He was mad.
“It has already begun.” He laughed, the sound of it horrifying and insane.
“Remove him!” Atsumatto commanded.
His samurai moved forward, their yari spears in hand to do as he bid. 
“Wait,” the crazy man said slowly as he raised a hand.
But the samurai did not halt. The two of his soldiers grabbed the man by the arms, his sudden, crazy demeanor changing instantly to one of sharp, hawkish acuity.
Atsumatto felt the air of danger radiate off of him.
“Stop,” he commanded, raising his hand just slightly. He didn’t know why, but in that instant, he felt… afraid. “Say your peace, and then be gone.”
“Nnngh,” the madman noised. “They are meeting—have already met. One group. In the House of Gates. I can provide you with a way iiinnnnn.”
“They are meeting?”
“Yes,” he said impatiently. “All of them. The nobility. The royalty.” He laughed that maniacal laugh again. “You can capture them—all at once. Do whatever you want. Hold them hostage? Yeeeessss. Kill them?” That laugh. “If you want.”
Atsumatto sat up in his chair, his interest piqued. 
“Tell me more,” he said.
The madman reached into his tattered brown cloak and pulled out a glowing orb. The blue magic rippled off in smoky waves, the center black as night with the eye a pure white as the magic pulsed and radiated. 
“A Portal Stone…” Atsumatto said in astonishment. It was an extremely rare magical device that one could use to transport himself from one location to another. 
Instantly! 
But he waved it off. “Useless without another—and so rare you have no other!”
Then the madman reached into his cloak, pulling out a second Portal Stone. 
Atsumatto’s eyes widened. “H—how?”
The madman’s mouth bent up in a rictus of pure mania as he giggled into a wet cackle. “Oh… I don’t know. Now are you ready to listen?”
Suddenly Hono jumped between Atsumatto and the stranger. “My lord shōgun!” He bent down on one knee, his fist clasped to his open palm. “Do not trust this snake!”
“Silence!”
Hono fell onto his face in deference.
“I will hear everything!—he has to say.”

II—Soriana Capri of Lucia
Soriana Capri, daughter of Lord and Lady Capri, fanned herself. On this hot summer day the coach sliders had to stay open or else she might die.
“Gods it’s hot,” she complained. “We should have brought a weather mage.”
“It will not be long now.”
“Brassian, that is what you said nearly an hour ago!”
He smiled.
The coach bumped along on the road. The interior was fashioned with the finest woods and lacquers that money could buy, the leather on the plush seats smooth. But in this heat, Soriana was beginning to wish for felt lined cushions.
Gods it’s hot!
“What is this foolish gathering all about, anyway?” Does Her Majesty the Empress truly wish to parley with those backstabbing Florencians? So greedy, the lot of them.
“That is what mother and father seem to think.”
“It’s never worked,” she said. “I don’t see why we’re going to all this trouble—or why the Florencians are buying this ploy.”
“You think it’s a ploy?”
She shrugged, an eyebrow going up. Soriana was a shrewd, no nonsense woman. She did not believe in fairy tales, and this idea of a parley between Lucia and Florencia was nothing but.
“What else can it be?” Our lady empress has finally come up with a plan to do away with those Florencian scum. “It will be bloody—I assure you. Be ready, my brother.”
He looked at her skeptically. With his shock of blonde hair and piercing blue eyes, he looked much like his older sister. But Soriana was far more the attractive sibling.
She glanced out the coach window. The hills were made up of a rolling countryside of green grass, flower patches, farms and trees of the cypro variety. They were thin and thick, not losing their leaves even in the winter.
Ahead of them on the road, Soriana could see the tail end of the second coach where Remini and Tilia, their father and mother, were.
She sighed heavily.
“Though she is a dreamer,” Soriana complained.
“What?”
“Our fool of an empress.”
Brassian’s eyes widened. “Hush, sister. That is our empress you speak of! It is treason to utter such insults.”
Smiling, she said, “It’s fine, Brassian. No one can hear us in the coach.”
“But still,” he said, glancing out the window as if someone could hear them.
It made her smile deepen and she laughed melodically.
“We don’t want to make a habit of that behavior, now do we?”
She shrugged playfully. “I just wonder if she and Emperor Justin have hatched some scheme together.” Then under her breath she muttered, “If it weren’t for the Battle of the Dead Emperors, we would have a ruler with a modicum of strength.”
“More treasons, I see.”
Do not be so afraid. What are we, sheep?
“I said it quietly.”
“If father were here, he would scold you.”
She laughed.
“And mother would thrash you.”
“Please,” she said. “We are not children any longer, Brassian. You must think for yourself. Gods, I can’t wait to see Liandra.”
“What makes you think she is even coming?”
She looked at him incredulously. “Brother, the summons is for all the nobility—not a select few. Did you not read the letter?”
“Of course I read it!”
“Read it again!”
“Whoa!” the driver called, and the carriage slowed.
The fool actually had the audacity to rein in the horses enough to make Soriana need to brace herself with her foot.
“I think we’re there!” Brassian said excitedly.
“Calm yourself, Brother. Do not comport yourself like a commoner.”
He looked at her with the good sense to seem somewhat contrite. With a nod, he waited for the coachman to open the door, but before exiting, he asked, “How do I look?”
She smiled. That was more like it. “Excellent,” she said.
He stepped out, and as she followed him, he turned to take her hand as she stepped down.
She breathed in the fresh air and aggravatedly swatted at a small bug that flew near her face. She missed, so instead she fried the godsdamned little creature with a magically projected plume of energy.
“What, I was killing the retched thing.”
“It is a bug.”
Ignoring him, she stepped forward and glanced down the tree-lined road. Carriages were lined up as far as the eye could see.
She made a noise of impatience. 
“Why do we have to be this far from the House of Gates?”
“I’m sorry, Lady Capri,” the coachman said. He wore fine trousers and a silk vest. Only the best for the House Capri servants. “It seems with the number of carriages, this is as close as we can get.”
“Do not make assumptions, Anton,” she snapped with a pointed finger. “Go and find out for certain, you fool!”
Remini strode over.
Gods, father, your paunch is getting bigger by the day.
“And so we have arrived,” she said.
“Indeed, my daughter,” he said with a big smile. “Brassian, I do believe the last time you saw the House of Gates was when you were not more than twelve years old.”
“Yes father.”
“Gods it’s so hot,” Tilia complained as she tightened her coat around her neck. “And there are insects.”
“My Gods,” Remini said with an air of impatience. “We are outside. Of course there are bugs. You’re going to burn up in your coat, Darling.”
She turned about without a word and went back into the carriage.
“Now,” he said, sounding devious, “we will find out what this ‘parley’ is all about, shall we?”
Soriana did not say what she had told Brassian earlier.
It was important for children to grow up—to be independent and to find their own way—to break away from the old and tired beliefs of their parents.
“Indeed,” she said with a smile.

III—Maximilian Silvanus of Lucia
Max stepped out of his carriage. The long line of them seemed almost endless. But seeing as most of the nobility was here at the House of Gates, he wasn’t surprised. 
With the carriages were drivers, servants and other attendants as they came with their respective noble betters. It was clear that Max that even the squires of many of the knights had come, but he only knew that because he saw them parked at the end of the line when he had rode up.
Max was of high noble lineage, so he was relatively close to the front of the line.
Relatively being the key word, he thought. There must have been twenty carriages ahead of him as he walked along the path toward the House of Gates up on the hill, the gardens and the walls visible from where he stood.
His driver would no doubt find lodging in one of the other houses on the huge property of forests, roads and meadows.
Had the two empires been united, the House of Gates would surely be occupied by the Imperial Couple, but because of the longstanding hostilities and the fractured state of things, the House of Gates had been occupied by both sides—and even fought over at times.
The sun was beginning to set, the dark blue hue of the skies turning to a bright orange as he walked along the road where dozens of other nobles stood or walked along with him, talking and laughing.
It was like they were going to a grand party—a grand ball of the nobility.
And that’s what it’s supposed to be, he thought.
But was the nature of this gathering of both sides a distraction? It was supposed to be a parley, and yet there would be parties and a ball.
Max’s personal chest was stowed in the back of the wagon, due to be carried and stored in his chambers at the House of Gates. With this many nobles in attendance, though, it was sure to be late.
His clothes were fine, he needed a fresh set in this heat.
When he made it through the front gates and into the main grounds, someone called his name. “Max?”
He turned. “Drenna,” he said. “It’s good to see you.”
“And you.”
The other man had a smile on his face. “You seem rather jovial.”
“Indeed,” he said. Breathing in deeply, he said. “Can you believe it? The entire nobilities of both sides are meeting!”
“Not today.”
“Well, no,” he said. “But once everything is taken care of—what, in two day’s hence?”
“I believe so.”
“A grand ball, Maximilian. And it will be grand.”
“Indeed,” he said. “If we don’t start killing each other.”
Drenna laughed.
“Well aren’t you just finely dressed, my lord,” Max said as he looked his friend up and down. He was wearing fine knee-high leather boots, trousers, a white shirt and a red silk cape. With his crystal-hilt sword and his flowing hair, he was quite dashing.
The ladies will tear their skirts as they chase you.
“These?” It’s nothing. “Wait until we meet the Florencians. Gods, I’m nervous just thinking about it. You know, half of them I’d love to kill myself.”
“I know the feeling.”
“I’m certain Lady Farreli will want to meet you. Haha! Don’t look so stricken, my friend. It will be fine.”
“She’s an insufferable gloater,” Max said. “And an enemy, I’ll remind you.”
“Yes, well, if things progress the way our lady empress desires, we may not be enemies for much longer. You’ll have to set your differences aside. Hells, you may even have to marry her.”
“Marry her?” Max asked and cocked his head back. “Whatever do you mean?”
Drenna shrugged. “I have no idea.”
“I was thinking perhaps that was what all this fuss is about.”
“How do you mean?”
Some laughing Lucians walked past them. Max and Drenna stepped back into the grass near some ornamental shrubs so as not to be in the way of the many new arrivals.
They weren’t the only ones in the yard. Dozens of people in small and large groups stood outside, probably waiting to have their things brought in before they were taken to their chambers.
“I mean the ball, the festivities. All of it,” Max said. “It’s a distraction so we don’t kill the Florencians and they us.”
“Ah,” Drenna said. With a wry smile he said, “Perhaps.”
“I have to say, I am quite surprised at how well you’re taking all this.”
“Why should I not?” he asked. “I’m tired of killing Florencians.”
“Your brother died on the Battle of the Four Hills, did he not?”
“Indeed,” he said.
“Do you not hold animosity toward them for that?”
Crossing his arms, he said, “Of course I do. But for what? Should I have revenge on my brother’s killer? Max, I often find myself thinking as I hold a glass of brandy next to the fire, what if my brother’s killer hadn’t killed him, but had met me on the field of battle instead. Would I have killed him, in turn, making his siblings hot with rage as they seethe day and night, waiting for the day they can kill me to avenge their family?”
Max thought about it for a moment. “It’s an interesting question you ask. I’ll have to think on it myself.”
“But not now,” Drenna said. “Come. Let’s enjoy the festivities and the Lucian side of things until we’re forced to meet the Florencians for this parley.”
“Very well,” Max said. “Lead the way my friend.”
“Oh, I shall, Max. I shall.”

IV—Nicholas Ardovani of Lucia
“And these will be your chambers during your stay, my lord.”
Nicholas turned to the pretty red-haired servant and gave her a coin. “Thank you.”
“Thank you, my lord.”
“Um,” he asked. “What is your name—I mean if I should call on you again?” She smiled, and at her approximate age, the maid outfit was a little odd, he thought.
“My name is Emily. Please call on me whenever you wish.”
He nodded. “I will. Thank you.”
She stepped out and Nicholas turned to regard his chambers. This was the first time he had been to the House of Gates, a fabled structure from thousands of years ago. They said there were portals deep in the recesses of the mansion to other locations never before seen by anyone from either empire.
“How are your rooms?” Liandra asked.
Nicholas turned to regard his sister. “Different than I expected.”
“And you expected what, everything gilded in gold?” she giggled.
“No,” he said. “I am happy with everything.”
“Then unpack. We don’t want to keep mother and father waiting once they’re ready to join the other noble houses.”
She glanced about curiously, then walked away.
Nicholas ventured into his room. The quality of everything was extremely high, and though it was lavish, not so in the most modern of fashions.
It didn’t bother Nicholas.
He opened his trunk. He had enough in this box to live out of indefinitely. He went to the wash room that was separated by a heavy lacquered door with gilt etching and a silver knob.
The room had been prepared in advance and he poured the carafe of cool water into the wash bowl and splashed his face.
Once he toweled the water off, he changed into a fresh set of clothes. The journey had been long—too long. But now they were here. 
Despite sitting in the coach for two days, he wanted to lie down and sleep. But his curiosity filled him with excitement as well.
Glancing past the heavy red curtains outside, he realized the gardens were far more magnificent than he had previously thought. And everything, even the interior designs were taken care of by the Fonicci.
He hadn’t seen one yet, but… there were supposed to be manikins that had been infused with magic when the House of Gates was first built long ago.
So eerie.
Had they ever attacked the guests?
Swallowing hard, he touched the curtains. They were made of silk. That surprised him, and yet nothing surprised him in this opulent, yet old fashioned mansion.
The Lucia were here, on the other side.
The structure had long ago been split in two—one side for the Florencians and the other for the Lucians. Small wars had even happened in these halls and chambers. The bloodshed must have been awful.
Nicholas was happy he had not been alive at that time to experience such a conflict between the empires.
“Nicholas!”
He jumped, turning to regard his sister. She walked up to him and pinches his cheeks. 
“Owe!”
“You need to look your best at all times, little brother. We are Arduanis. We do not look haggard. Ever.”
“That Miss Capri has been setting bad examples for you.”
“Nonsense,” Liandra said. Her hair was curled into a long braid that wrapped about her head like a circlet, the rest of her thick brown tresses hanging across her shoulders and back. She smoothed her pale-blue silk dress. “Now come along.”
He followed her out of the room, his heart beating even faster than when they had first arrived. The apprehension, mixed with his own excitement almost made his stomach hurt.

V—Papero Braigo of Florencia
With each step, something upon him jingled, weather they were little bits of armor within his blue cloak, or his sword knocking about within its slightly loose scabbard.
He came into the Florencian side of the House of Gates.
“Papero?” a young man asked, his tone sounding surprised.
He turned to regard the man. It was Michael, a young lord of House Rello. With a sweeping bow, he said, “None other, young lord.”
“As always, Papero, you have a mysterious smile on your face.”
“Do I?”
“Indeed,” Michael said, sweeping back a lock of his short blonde hair. He was wearing a calf-length green coat, an inner vest of white and white trousers with black boots. At his hip was a long dagger. “I thought you would not respond to our Empress’ summons.”
“And why ever would I not? Do you think me disloyal?”
“Of course not!”
The ante-chamber of this entrance was wide, a hall leading both west and east with a massive door straight forward. It was open, a porter standing at attention to receive guests into the main drawing room.
“I just thought,” Michael continued, “that perhaps—with your journeying, you might not have received the summons. I have to say I am quite happy to see you here.”
“Thank you, Michael. It pleases me to see you as well. How is your family?”
“Quite well, my lord, though…”
“Yes?”
“We are all quite confused.” The young man lifted his arms slightly.
Papero nodded. 
Indeed, he thought. Another attempted parley. They have all failed up to now.
“Perhaps peace can be attained this time,” he said.
Not likely.
“Last time I met Lucian nobles, they sneered at me,” Michael said hotly. “I hate them.”
“Now, now,” Papero said. “They hate us as much as we hate them. We have all been killing each other since time immemorial, have we not?”
“Well yes, but—“
“But what? They started it? We started it but they were the aggressors? They started the war, but it was us Florencians who took the fighting to a whole new level of vicious violence?”
“I—well—it’s…”
“Indeed,” Papero said with a smile. “We kill each other because at the time in our histories, it is our culture to do so.”
Michael looked at him with wide eyes, his face reddening. “That’s not true!”
Papero smiled, walked up to the young lordling and put a hand on his shoulder. “Bother yourself with the particulars of our impossible history, my boy.”
Then he passed Michael by and was admitted into the main drawing room on the Florencian side.
There were his kin and countrymen everywhere, young and old, angry and meek, hot-blooded and cold alike.
With a sigh of delight, he strode in.
If half of them knew my dealings with Lucian nobility and common folk alike, they would find the nearest lamp post and hang me.

VI—Gabriela Farreli of Florencia
“Yes, we were raiding in the north country on the river Stromvini,” Gabriela said.
“And you actually left him a letter? Truly?”
Gabriela laughed. “Yes, yes I did!”
Tori Glass laughed. 
They were in the main drawing room on the Florencian side of the House of Gates. The chamber was massive, with furniture spread throughout. Noble ladies and lords mingled in groups, speaking as bands of musicians played stringed instruments, providing the huge space with a soft background distraction from the ongoing party.
Many of the men wore fine clothes, jackets and sword belts, while the women too dressed in similar fashion, albeit, more femininely in their dresses and skits, though some did wear trousers. Gabriela, who wore a pleated skirt with an open jacket, her rapier at her side. If she had to fight a Lucian and her short skirt happened to reveal her underclothes—all the better. The distraction might put her opponent out of sorts for that split second she could use to gain an advantage.
Well… if her opponent was a man, that was.
Nobles of Florencia, and Lucia even, were not the soft pampered folk of other aristocracies. Perhaps many of them were, but most of them were leaders, knights, and mages. 
Gabriela herself had grown up in a martial household, and even though she enjoyed fine things, that martial nature was a part of her.
Always.
“Serves those Lucian dogs right,” Tori said. “I’ve lost three brothers to those barbarians.”
“Indeed?” Gabriela asked. “The last time we spoke you said it had been two.”
“Yes, well. Georgia was the latest casualty of the fighting.”
“I am so sorry,” Gabriela said, glancing about so that she could put her drink down. It seemed so profane to drink and laugh and talk about personal loss.
Unfortunately she found nowhere to place the drink.
“That was nearly a year ago,” Tori said. “Do not feel sorry for me. As we Florencians are—we’re ever ready for the inevitable losses of loved ones.”
“Indeed,” Gabriela said. “Just so. A part of me feels grateful to be an only child, and I am not dead yet.” She smiled.
Tori laughed, then sipped her own drink. “I doubt your parents feel the same, though.”
“Oh yes,” Garbiela said. “They wanted a male heir, but… they got me.”
“Why did they not have more children?”
That was a good question, one she was aware of. “My mother is barren. Gods, preserve her, after giving birth to me, something went wrong. The physicians know not what, though.”
“I’m so sorry.”
“No, no!” Gabriela said as she put up a hand. “Do not feel sorry for her. She hates that.”
“Oh, my apologies then.”
She smiled. “And you are still apologizing, I see. None of that, Lady Glass.”
Tori nodded, then glanced about the drawing room. Finally, she came back to meet Gabriela’s eyes. “Do you really think there can be peace between Florencia and Lucia? I don’t see it.”
What ever would we do with ourselves if there were peace?
“I do not know,” she said. “What I do know, is that many of us here, and many of the nobles of Lucia I am certain, have experienced loss. No, you are right. I don’t’ see it.”
“Can you believe Lady Laccia actually believes it’s possible?”
Gabriela looked at her and raised an eyebrow. “That Laccia has experienced a lot of loss. More than I can imagine is bearable. Perhaps she has gone mad?”
“Perhaps,” Tori said distractedly as the herald called out some name Gabriela didn’t hear over the ballroom music and excited conversation.
But when dozens of Florencians turned their heads toward the doors, she had to look. In strode Zaan Blackwater, bedecked in gold and strange clothes, a staff with a crook, and followed by a small procession of hangers-on.
“Gods,” Gabriela muttered. “In comes the madman.”
Tori looked at her with large eyes. “Be careful what you say.”
“Mmm.”
Spreading his arms, Zaan said, “So how are my fellow Florencians?” When he saw that a knight was standing beside him, he stepped away, making a face of disgust.
Gabriela rolled her eyes.
Gods, did she hate Zaan Blackwater. The insufferable arrogance he brought into any room with him made her want to stab him with her rapier.
He was greeted by several nobles.
“Where have you been?” a new voice, lazy and amused asked.
Gabriela, along with dozens of other heads, turned. It was Nero Angelo, standing in the doorway with his greasy entourage.
“Nero!” Zaan called. “It is good to see you, my friend and ally.”
The two powerhouse lords strode into the room like they were the only ones in attendance—the rest of them might as well have been flies on the wall.
Nero Angelo was a tall, lithe lord with a sadistic smile. He wore robes and sandals and held an outrageously long smoking pipe.
Zaan was bedecked even more strangely, with gold hanging about his neck and waist, his flowing trousers and calf-high leather sandals giving them both a similar air of having been on a beach somewhere. Zaan’s chest was completely exposed, the only piece of clothing above his voluminous trousers was a tattered shawl wrapped about his shoulders. In his procession were strange foreigners from a land she had never seen before, their bodies dark of skin and mostly bare.
From their demure nature and unwillingness to meet anyone’s eyes, she suspected they were his new slaves.
Nero laughed. “I thought you were off conquering new lands?”
“I was—nay, I am,” Zaan said with a malicious smile. “I’ve been conquering lands across the see. An empire called Abassir, ruled by a sultan.”
“Oh?” Nero asked as he puffed on his pipe. “A ‘sultan’? Whatever is that?”
Laughing, Zaan said, “A sort of emperor, I believe. We’ve been leaving many of his subjects, and even his armies, lying in tatters.”
“Will these fools you fight soon capitulate?”
“They’re a stubborn lot,” Zaan said. “I do not think they will surrender until I kill their leader personally.”
“Sounds like fun. Maybe I should join you.”
“We can speak on it later.”
“Yes,” Lord Angelo said. “This”—he waved about with his pipe—“event is getting in my way as well.”
“Oh?”
“Ugh!” Gabriela noised under her breath. 
I can’t stand that lizard, Lord Nero Angelo. And Zaan. He’s not much better.
She walked away from the two lords. Their extreme wealth and military influence made them popular, but just being in the same room with them made her want to vomit.
Leaving Tori Glass behind, Gabriela found another area to comingle with her fellow nobles.

VII—Maximilian Silvanus of Lucia
After reassuring Lady Branthine, Maximilian strode out of the drawing room. He wanted to find out what was going on. Perhaps he could get something out of General October.
Striding through the halls, he passed several of the empress’ guards and as he went into the inner chambers where things of consequence were surely taking place.
There he found General Adrian October surrounded by mages of the royal court. 
“General,” Maximilian said in way of greeting. 
Adrian looked up at him. “What is he doing in here?”
“Guards!” one of the mages called, and four guards at the door surrounded Maximilian.
“What is the meaning of this?” he asked.
“That is not your concern,” Adrian said as he came to the front of the table, either to cover what they were looking at, or simply being respectful by telling him face to face. Whichever the case, Max wasn’t certain.
But as Adrian stepped forward, he obscured what was splayed out across the table—a massive diagram of the house of gates with key locations marked. Unfortunately Max was unable to see just what those places of interest were.
He tried to wiggle his way in.
“I am a ranking official of Lucia,” Max said.
What is this secrecy? 
“I am entitled to know, am I not?” he added.
Adrian looked at him, his face carrying an air of diplomacy. “In most situations, you might be correct, Lord Max. But our glorious empress has commanded me to keep this matter secret until such a time that you should be told.”
“Myself specifically, or all of the noble court?”
“The noble court in its entirety, I’m afraid. And if she wanted you to know specifically, my friend, then she would have told me as much. I am sorry.”
Max was taken aback. 
A matter of this import, now of all times? Was a situation happening somewhere in the House of Gates?
“Very well,” Max said with a nod. “If you should have need of me, you have but to call upon me.”
“I will,” Adrian said. “Now if you’ll excuse me. The matter is of some urgency and I must get back to it.”
Nodding, Max turned and left the room, the guards following him on the way out. As he strode away, he heard the guards being chastised for letting him in to begin with.
Of course, Max thought he could go in. Why should he not? His air of confidence had gotten him that far, but unfortunately that had not been far enough.
As he had left the chamber, he realized that a magical aura was present, and not one from the House of Gates. Those auras had a specific feel to them.
This one was a warding—probably from the mages to prevent eavesdroppers.
Despite the social gathering and the fact that this meeting had been called with the Florencians on a matter of parley, Max and his fellow nobles—as always, were armed to the teeth with blades and other weapons.
There would be no point to take their weapons away. Most of them had magical capabilities of some kind or another, many of which were of the more violent aggressive natures.
Just like Max.
He could fight better with a sword and magic simultaneously, but he did not necessarily need one or the other to be a deadly foe to whomever met him on the field of battle.
Lady Farreli came to mind.
She had gotten away from him. 
Again!
And then that letter she had left. It was not the first, but one of few, now. In each of her letters, she addressed him with various pet names that bespoke of familiarity between himself and her.
It was highly inappropriate to address an acquaintance as such, but an enemy? 
Max was not certain whether her letters were a battlefield tactic or simply her taunting him out of arrogance.
Either way, he wanted to strangle her. 
Will Lucia and Florencia mingle? And if so, will she be there?
Gods…

VIII—Zanna Caelestinius of Lucia
It had been three days since Zanna and Albion came to the House of Gates, royal family members and nobles alike joining them for the parley.
And still others were coming.
With members from each royalty and nobility spread about—sometimes far from home, enough time had to be given for them to arrive—otherwise the consequences Zanna and Albion had in mind would be null and void.
Members of the nobility would claim they hadn’t arrived out of sheer inability to physically get to the location within the time allotted. But the two leaders were well ahead of any such claims, as their royal letters summoning each and every member from their respective nobilities had been couriered with all due hast more than two months past.
Now, Zanna strode down a narrow corridor of stone steps leading deep into the recesses of the House of Gates, General October at the front with the rest of her procession of mages following behind.
They came into a chamber of solid stone bricks. At the center was a pedestal surrounded my Lucian mages, and even some from Florencia.
Together, they interacted with the magical loadstone on the pedestal as it glowed brightly with luminescent light. The stone’s shape was that of an elongated egg and had a spidery shell with translucent panels.
“This is the loadstone, Empress,” October said as he gestured to the murmuring mages. “One of many.”
“How many?” she asked.
“There are thirteen small loadstones and one big one, located on the skylight balcony in the drawing room citadel tower.”
“And this will prevent anyone from leaving the House?”
He nodded. “Precisely. Unless…”
“Unless what?”
“The Gates will still be available to any who pass through them.”
“That is fine, Ocotober. In fact, the House of Gates will not be our point of contact for the parley.”
“Empress?” he asked questioningly.
No, the House of Gates was filled with far too many secrets—and too much bad history.
Remembering the War of Chambers when Lucia and Florencia had fought for control of the House, she went silent for a moment. Even though the number of deaths had been staggering on both sides, still neither Lucia nor Florencia could take the structure. Zanna remembered it for what it was—a bloodbath.
Fortunately that had been before her time.
“An agreed upon location has already been chosen,” she told October. “Lagoon.”
“The resort fortress?” he asked.
“Precisely.”
He nodded, his dark eyes making his face full of shadows. “May I ask, Empress, why you have chosen such a location?”
Glancing at the mages filling the loadstone, she said, “I did not choose this location singlehandedly. It was chosen as an agreement between both myself and Emperor Justin.”
“I see.”
“If this parley between our empires is to succeed,” she added, “then there will need to be sufficient distractions so we don’t devolve into killing one another.”
In another land, the statement might have been funny, but not when talking about Lucia and Florencia, as the situation had the possibility of actually devolving into a bloody conflict involving each side’s nobility.
That could not be allowed to happen.
The war between Lucia and Florencia needed to come to an end—for the sakes of all involved.
Nodding, Zanna said, “I will meet Emperor Justin and inform him of our progress.”
“Yes, Lady Empress,” October said.
Dapper as ever in his long high-collared jacket and white shirt, he motioned for her to take the lead back up the steps.
Soon, once the barrier was raised, both Lucia and Florencia would be convened within the main drawing room so Zanna and Albion could inform both sides together of what was exactly to take place. 

IX—Dante Lorintos of Florencia
Sensing the dire implication should he not respond to his emperor’s summons, Lord Duke Dante Lorintos of Florencia had sailed home to attend the parley spoken of in the personalized letter he had received from Emperor Justin.
Dante cared not.
He left the animosities of the past and the lust to kill Lucians in the future to other members of the Florencia nobility and royalty.
Dante was an adventurer. He preferred to sail the high seas while commanding his ship, the Darkwater Reaver. Part of him did not want to ever return to Florencia.
Life was too boring at home, and he suspected that his brother would inherit the official title of Duke once their father passed away.
Old and frail, he had received a pardon from attending this parley, and so it fell to Dante to come in his stead.
And now he was here, avoiding contact with many of the vapid greedy nobles of his country. He found himself striding out into one of the many courtyards the House of Gates had.
Even here, there were nobles. There were gentlemen-at-arms, knights, barons, earls, dukes, and even the emperor was here—somewhere in the House.
Scurrying about were the many servants and hangers-on that belonged within the courts of the nobles who had come to attend the parley.
By and large, Dante had left most of his crew behind, all except for his First, who was somewhere enjoying the party—eating the food no doubt.
“Ah! Dante.”
Turning, his eyes landed on Leonardo Gracian.
Lord Womanizer.
With a nod, he asked, “How goes it, Lord Gracian?”
The younger man sauntered over, his hand on his sword hilt. “Just swell, my friend. It seems it has been years since I saw you last.”
“I do not recall.”
With a large smile, Leonardo said, “I’ve always liked you. Your adventuring is quite the romance. They talk about you, you know?”
“Do they?”
He wasn’t entirely certain who “they” was.
“Oh, indeed,” Leonardo said. “The ladies especially. I think they’re more taken with your deep mystery than anything else.”
Vapid fool.
“Indeed,” Dante said, feeling a mild sense of irritation. “I am looking for Lord Maximilian. Do you know where he is?”
Leonardo looked at him, a hidden grin just below the surface. With a lazy wave of his hand, he said, “Oh, I might have seen him hereabouts. I don’t know where exactly. You might try asking the servants.”
“And so I shall,” Dante said. He turned to go, but the other man spoke.
“When would you like to test your metal with me, Lord Duke?”
Late in addressing him by his proper title, Leonardo seemed to be treating Dante like they were long lost friends. Best friends in fact.
He didn’t know the lesser lord well, but still wondered if his cavalier attitude toward his betters was something he always projected.
Normally Dante didn’t care for his title, or even thought about weather who was speaking to him was of a lesser or greater stature. On the ship, he was captain, and everyone else was below him, but noble rank didn’t come into it.
“And why would I cross swords with you?”
“For fun, of course. Come on, Dante. Why not?”
“You wish to boast of how you bested Duke Dante Lorintos in a duel,” Dante said. “Folly. You are but a child on the flat with me.”
Leonardo laughed. 
“Then prove it, Dante.”
“I have no need.” He turned and started stalking off. He would go to the servants, ask if—
“Are you afraid?” Leonardo asked loudly.
Dante turned his head, his body only slightly, as he regarded the other man. Just now he noticed a gaggle of young ladies on the other side of the courtyard.
“I have nothing to prove to you.”
Then he turned and left Leonardo Gracian standing there like the self-important fool that he was.

Leonardo narrowed his eyes and gripped his sword hilt tighter. “Tch!’
Now what was he to do? Lorintos had made him look like a complete idiot! In front of everyone! That bastard!

X—Emily Desdemona of Lucia
When the noble houses of Lucia were not in attendance, the House of Gates was a relatively peaceful place, other than the fact that there were always soldiers and mages stationed in and around the structure.
But when the Lucian nobility was here—especially so many, the House of Gates was… well—a mad house. 
Emily stalked to the laundry rooms where fresh towels and bed linens were washed and dried. The tile floors here were interlocked in black and white and her polished black shoes clacked loudly as she walked.
As of right now, she thought there must have been at least a dozen different parties within the Lucian side of the House of Gates.
A dozen!
Of course, there were hundreds of servants and maids in attendance to serve them all, but that didn’t change the fact that Emily was hopping like a rabbit jacked on magic at every moment of the day.
She sighed heavily.
I should not complain, she thought.
As a member of the High House Maid Society, it was her duty to attend to the Lucian nobles. In fact, she was a Lucian noble, though of lesser degree.
There was never any true rest for the maids of the High House Maid Society, because it’s members were not only servants, but warriors. Despite her short skirt, bare thighs and knee-high stockings, she wore a curved sword on her back.
Should the Florencian’s ever attack, she would be expected to fight for the chambers of the House of Gates controlled by Lucia.
She passed some steaming vats where other maids were working hard to wash towels and linens. She went to the stack of dry towers and loaded two score of them onto a trolley. 
She then wheeled the trolley to a lift and rung the bell, indicating level three. She then left the lift and went to the stairs and nearly bumped into a nobleman who was swaying and unsteadily. 
“Forgive me, my lord.”
Unexpectedly he grabbed her by the arm, his grip tight and painful. “Whurr doyew think you’re-sh hngh-going?” he slurred.
“I have duties to attend to in another area of the House, my lord.”
She waited for him to let go of her arm, but Emily’s spirits died when his smile deepened and he leaned in close to her. His breath stank of liquor. 
“You’re a pretty little thing. Why not come up to my rooms and service me?”
“I… what floor are you on, my lord?”
“Why—I’m on this one!”
“Then you should request one of the other maids,” Emily said. “Now please, I have others to attend to and I’m late.”
He moved it to plant a kiss on her, but she tilted her head back.
“What, are you scared? I bet you maids in this place are always twirling about on the laps of the guests. Am I not—“
“Please,” Emily insisted and pulled away. “If you do not release me, I will be forced to defend myself.”
The drunk lordling—he was about thirty years old—laughed. “You would—wouldn’t dare hit me. I’m your better.”
His grip tightened hard enough to make her wince.
“Now come along and—“
She grabbed his wrist and twisted his hand off of her arm. He cried out and she kicked his leg out from under him.
“How dare you!” he howled. “I swear I’ll have you—“ 
Emily punched him in the face hard enough that her knuckles slapped him, making a sound similar to smacking a wet towel across the back of a chair.
Now unconscious, she lifted the fool and leaned him against the wall. When he woke up, he probably wouldn’t even remember what had happened.
If he finds his face bruised, he’ll think it was from his fall.

XI—Maximilian Silvanus of Lucia
The ballroom was a lively place. Of course “the ballroom” was a statement wholly in the wrong. The House of Gates had no less than fifteen large halls suitable to host balls. 
This ballroom was called the West Wing Yellow Ballroom, for its decorative silk wallpapers and yellow-gold curtains about the massive windows overlooking the gardens from the second level. The decorations were not something that any Lucian caretakers had decided upon, but rather the House of Gates itself.
A strange thing, that. There were so many mysteries which—
But Max was distracted from his thought when Drenna said, “What are you doing? Why do you not enjoy the ball? Dance, man!”
Max lifted an eyebrow. “With whom?”
“With anyone,” Drenna said, sweeping the room with his arm. “Do you see how many nobles are attending? From here I can see the Ardovanis, two Desdemonas, and even Lady Caelestinius—no, not our lady empress, but her younger sister.”
The Duchess is here? That surprised Max, when her sister the empress was not currently in attendance. 
“Indeed, there is much small talk to be had.”
“Gods man, do not be a bore!”
“I’m not,” Max said. “I think I see Lady Branthine. I should speak with her.”
“The widow?”
“The very one.”
They had to speak up to be heard through the music and the speaking and the laughing. On the ballroom floor dozens of dancers took part in a group dance where they stamped their heels down with the rhythm of the music. It made for a difficult conversation.
“You should find yourself a beautiful young heiress to court.”
“Perhaps I will.”
“Very good,” Drenna said. “Oh, lady Lirinni beckons me for another dance.” He laughed. “I must go my friend!”
And he left Max standing there.
He watched his friend rush back to the pretty young woman. Lirinni. She was an heiress, certainly. Her father had made large sums of money mining gold near the border with Florencia. He had almost been killed a number of times during their raids, which sometimes resulted in large sums of gold being taken.
From across the ballroom he spotted Hulio, his other friend. Certainly, if ever there was a chance for the man to find a good wife, it would be an event like this one.
Max didn’t know how he felt about it all. He wanted to join the ball—to dance and to have a wonderful time and to meet beautiful young ladies.
But this was a parley.
A parley with Florencia, their sworn enemy.
Part of me wants to throw up my hands in frustration and call everyone present a traitor!
And yet, the other part of me wants peace—even with Florencia. 
Of course, just imagining being friends with that arrogant Lady Gabriela Farreli made him wince. Was that even possible? She had never killed any of his family members, like many here had lost to the conflicts with Florencia.
She was certainly insufferable and irritating, but surely many people in this very ball room would have a much harder time of it than he did.
As he made his way toward Lady Branthine she started making her way out of the ballroom. He followed, weaving between other nobles, then stopping as he realized within the group he was trying to get through, a small performance of jesters was taking place.
They blew fire as their monkeys jumped through hoops. Some of them were juggling, and small displays of magic burst forth, making some of the onlookers cheer with surprise.
The magical display did nothing to move Max. Half the nobles in this place possessed such deadly magicks that it was completely pointless to have everyone’s arms taken away.
And so just about everyone who regularly wore arms in their everyday lives, also wore them here at the ball. Often individual items were marks of prestige, either because of their reputations, heirloom status, or great value due to rare magical enchantments.
This parley was potentially a bloodbath waiting to happen.
He wished he knew what Empress Caelestinius had in plan, and how well she was working with Emperor Justin of Florencia to make sure that didn’t happen.
Thankfully, Maximilian had no family to bring to this ball.
Then he was suddenly taken aback. He was thankful for not having family? Perhaps Drenna was right. He needed to find a beautiful young heiress and begin a family. He was nearly thirty years old now.
Wading through the crowd, Max moved around the performance and made his way toward the doors. Even the halls were packed with party goers, all wearing fine dresses, coats and all manner of jewels.
He caught sight of Lady Branthine again, but she turned down another corridor. 
Maximilian followed.

XII—Portia Branthine of Lucia
The halls in this section were quiet.
Portia glanced about, wondering if she had taken a wrong turn. She did not want to go back to the servants and have them tell her again where Lord Ash was—worse, lead her to him.
She was not a fool.
But the House of Gates seemed to be maze of never-ending corridors, chambers, drawing rooms and libraries. 
Then a well-dressed man crossed the hall. He glanced at her with a look in his eyes that was none too friendly.
The Ashes were not a kind family, and now that Lord and Lady Ash had passed on in a fire some months back, their young son, Damien Ash had taken up residence as the premier lord of their domain. 
Perhaps he would show Portia mercy?
She stopped at the chamber, realizing there was a herald at the door. He asked Portia her name, and she escorted her in.
“Lady Portia Branthine,” he announced.
She strode into… 
Was Lord Ash holding his own court? Inside the House of Gates with the Empress in attendance?
The chamber was dark and on the sides were Lord Ashe’s court. Ahead, he sat in a chair atop a dais near the curtained windows, cracked just enough to let in beams of orange light from the setting sun, making Ash’s features hard to see by.
But Portia swore she thought she saw his eyes glowing an evil red in the darkness.
“Branthine,” he muttered. “I know that name, do I not?”
He sat in his chair, one leg propped up on his thigh, his fist used as a makeshift support for his head. His entire being was one of boredom and contempt.
Portia swallowed. “That is right, my lord.”
Why did she feel as if she were speaking to a king?
“That’s right!” His tone became somewhat cheery. “You owe House Ash money.”
“Yes,” she said, glancing about apprehensively.
“What do you want?”
“I—I, um…”
He said nothing, only looked on at her with boredom. This was a terrible idea.
“You may not know, Lord Ash, but House Branthine has fallen on hard times. My husband and my youngest son have passed on. During the Battle of the Swine. Only I and my daughter survive them.”
“And, Lady Branthine, I care why?”
“I just… The loans House Ash have given us—they’ve seen us through the hardest of times. And I am making great strides to come up with the coin to—“
Lord Ash raised his hand, then he motioned his accountant forward. They exchanged whispers for a moment, then he turned back to her.
“You’re late on your payments—you have been for some time, Lady.”
“Yes, well, that is why I am come.”
Gods, she felt naked in this chamber. Why did this boy have such an ill effect on her?
“I will not extend you any time, Lady.”
She almost burst into tears right then and there.
“Perhaps if you just gave me a little more—“
Lord Ash jerked his head up. “Silence!”
She took a step back, fear rising within her. The impression Portia had of this boy on his throne was like that of a lion, hungry and ready to strike—ready to tear her to pieces right there on his chamber floor.
“Do you think you are the only one who has had ill fortunes come to you? My parents burned. Alive! In their own beds.” His voice dropped to a low hiss. “The circumstanced of which are suspicious to say the least.”
“I—“ she started stepping back. “Forgive me, I—“
She ran into someone and yelped.
Whoever it was, he had come into the chamber silently without the herald announcing his presence. Glancing up into the newcomers eyes, Portia realized who it was.
“That is enough!” 
“Maximilian Silvanus,” Lord Ash said, a sneering smile on his face. “How good of you to come.”
“You should treat your fellow nobles with more respect, Lord Ash.”
“Why?” he asked. “She came to me—in my chambers.”
“Even so.”
“Be gone,” he said with a wave of his hand.
“And so we shall,” Maximilian said. Then he took Portia by the hand and led her out of the dark chamber.
“Gods,” she gasped, once they were in the light again. “Thank you, Lord Silvanus.”
“You should not go to that boy to do your dealings. He has an ill temper, and I fear, motives that are far worse.”
“I owe him a lot of money,” she said. “My husband, he—“
“Do not think on that,” Maximilian said, his expression one of kindness. “Lady Branthine, when we have finished here, I want you to come to me. We will sort this out. Together.”
“Truly?” she asked, her heart soaring with hope. 
“Yes,” he said with a nod. “For the time being, forget about all of that. We are here. We should focus on the situation at hand.”
“On peace?” she asked. “Surely not.”
“I know your sentiment well. How can there be any peace between the Lucians and the Florencians when all we know is war and hatred?”
She sighed heavily.
“Our Lady Empress seems to think there is a way. Come, let us find out what she has planned.”
Smiling, Portia followed Lord Silvanus out of the hall.

XIII—Nicholas Ardovani of Lucia
How she had managed to find out where his chambers were, Nicholas didn’t know. But what he did know, was that the girl he loved had magic beyond his comprehension.
“It’s been so long,” Sicca said.
They sat together on a cushioned bench in front of the windows, Sicca in one of his arms as he held her hand with the other.
“I’ve thought about you every single day since last we saw each other.” Their lips were a hair’s breadth from touching. Nicholas’ heart was thrumming inside his chest.
“I know,” she said, her voice small and demure. “Your letters…”
They had met during a parley on the battlefield. Despite only being sixteen years old, and she seventeen, Nicholas and Sicca were both fighters, expected to travel with their houses, to fight—and to kill if necessary.
There had been an extended skirmish along the border. Nicholas had gone into the Florencian camp out of stupid curiosity. Thinking himself highly capable, he had snuck through the forest in the pale moonlight on his way back to the Lucian camp.
“I still remember that time I first saw you,” Sicca said. “In the forest. You were lucky you hadn’t been taken captive—stamping about through the dried leaves as you were.”
They laughed quietly together.
Being this close to her, it physically pained Nicholas. He had missed her so much.
“And you were lucky that I didn’t capture you and take you to my father,” Nicholas said. “He would have certainly kept you as a ward.”
“Perhaps that would have been a good thing. Oh Nicholas. I’ve missed you.”
“And I you, my love.”
Their lips came together. 
The sweetness of her soft touch, her warmth upon him, was the most beautiful thing he had ever experienced.
She pulled away.
“Nicholas?”
“Yes?”
“How will we be together?”
Looking at her, he smiled. “We are here for parley.”
“Yes, but Florencia and Lucia have been at war since long before we were born,” she said, her eyes misting. “Do you really think things can change?”
“We can hope,” he said softly.
“If they don’t… will you run away with me?”
Looking at her for a long time, he finally said, “Yes. I will run away with you, Sicca Glass.”
“To where?”
“Surely we can charter a ship to some other lands. Lord Blackwater was just talking about lands he’s been fighting in—lands no one here in the royal court have ever heard of.”
“Really?”
“Yes.”
“Lord Blackwater…”
“What of him?”
She pulled away from him, their moment of sweetness gone, evaporated like the morning dew.
“He’s so evil.”
Nicholas looked at her, blinked. He didn’t know what to say. Was Lord Blackwater evil? Perhaps that was how the Florencians thought of him.
“We will run away if the parley does not go well,” he repeated. “I swear it. Do you believe me?”
She nodded.
“Hold me.”
He held her.
And then the door opened and they both jumped, glancing up at the intruder. It was that red haired maid, Emily.
“Oh,” she said, “I apologize. I’ve brought the towels as you’ve requested my lord. The door was ajar. I didn’t—“
“It’s quite all right,” Nicholas said, still feeling like an animal caught in a hunter’s sights. “Please, just put them there and—“
“Wait a minute,” the maid said. She narrowed her eyes as she scrutinized Sicca Glass. Then her eyes widened. “You’re Florencian!”
“Oh no,” Sicca cried. “You don’t understand.”
“Silence!” Emily hissed, and grasped her sword hilt.
“Wait!” Nicholas said. He raised a warding hand as he held Sicca close to his body. He would fight this maid if he had to. 
The maid paused.
“Please,” Nicholas continued. “Just wait.”
“Explain yourself,” Emily said. She looked to Nicholas like she was about to pounce.
Nicholas extricated himself from Sicca and stood in front of her—to protect her. He didn’t know what this Lucian maid would do, thinking that it wouldn’t surprise him if she rushed up to Sicca and slit her throat while he watched.
“We’re in love!” Sicca said from behind.
Nicholas glanced at her, saw the determined look on her face as she balled her fists.
The maid, Emily, looked at them curiously. “Is this true?” she asked.
Pausing for a moment, Nicholas’ heart about to break through his chest out of pure startlement and fear for what might happen to them both, he finally said, “Yes. It’s true.”
“How is this possible? She’s Florencian.”
“I don’t know,” Nicholas said. And truly, he didn’t. The gods only knew, he should have attacked Sicca the first time he laid eyes on her, but he hadn’t.
At first she was an intense curiosity for him, and then he started to see her differently when it was revealed to him that she wasn’t so bad.
“Please,” Nicholas said. “Do not say a word. She can return to the Florencian side and no one will be the wiser.”
Emily narrowed in on Sicca. “Are you a spy?”
“A spy? Of course not!”
Shaking his head, he said, “I know nothing of import.” His pleading tone—pathetic—was audible even to himself. “If she was a spy—she would be wasting her time on me.”
Backing away, Emily closed the door. “What are you doing? You could both be executed for this!”
Nicholas glanced at Sicca, who stood up beside him. 
“We don’t care!” Sicca said. “If this parley does not go well, Nicholas and I have decided to leave the empires and go to some other kingdom where we can live and love  without this godsforsaken rivalry between our empires.”
“You little fools,” Emily said, and put a hand on her chest. 
The impression that Emily thought they were sweet, came to him. “Will you please say nothing?” he asked.
Emily looked at them for a long while. 
“Please,” Sicca said. 
“Fine,” Emily said. “But you”—she pointed an aggressive finger at Sicca—“should leave at once. It is my duty to take care of any Florencians come this side of the Lucian chambers—do you know that?!”
“I’m… Yes, and I’m sorry.”
“Go on,” Emily said, nodding toward the door.
Sicca glanced back at Nicholas, then slipped through the door and was gone, no doubt using her magic to slip through the Lucian chambers unknown until she got back to the Florencian side of the House of Gates.
“I don’t know what you think you’re doing, but—“
“We didn’t mean for anything to happen,” Nicholas interrupted. “We met during a raid and we became friends. And then…”
Emily breathed in deeply. “I was going to say you have heart. If Empress Caelestinius thinks Lucia and Florencia can end this conflict, then we will need more young lords and ladies like you, and…”
“My name is Sicca.”
Emily nodded. “Like you and Sicca, to change things. To end the animosities between our empires.”
“Thank you.”
“Just be careful,” Emily said with a heavy sigh. “If you were to get caught—it would all be over. I don’t want that for you.” She indicated Sicca. “Not even for her.”
Nicholas nodded. “You’re a good person, Emily.”
She looked at him. “Don’t thank me. I’m doing this for Lucia—not for you.” She turned around and left him there.
His heart beat so hard his chest hurt.
That was too close.
With a heavy sigh, he sat back down on the cushioned bench and let out a long, slow sigh, then he wiped his brow.

Emily closed the doors behind her and put her back to the wall in the main corridor. As she lifted her hands, she realized she was shaking like a leaf.
And smiling like an idiot.
She glanced back at the huge wooden door as she scurried back down the corridor toward her other endless duties. 
Good luck, you little fools.

XIV—Nero Angelo of Florencia
They were equals, Dukes of the Florencian Empire. 
Nero Angelo strode through the carpeted corridors of the House of Gates, Zaan Blackwater at his side. Behind them scurried their attendants, “friends” and sycophants.
“So… Abassir, you say?”
“Lands filled with monsters and gold, my friend,” Zaan said. “They’re absolutely teeming with wealth waiting to be taken!”
“Do you even need my help?”
“I could always use more help. My soldiers grow weary of the fighting. I need fresh reinforcements regularly, both to replenish the dead, but also to replenish my ranks because of deserters and of course the men whose time has passed.”
“Ah, I see.”
“There’s so much land—the territory is vast. My armies have made immense progress, but even so, it’s been slow going.”
When they reached one of the unused chambers, Nero had no need to open the door, as one of his many servants did that for him.
Striding into the chamber, he found someone there he had not been expecting. He stopped, puffed on his pipe and frowned. “Lord Silvanus?”
He turned, the man he was talking to also lifting his head. It was Duke Dante Lorintos of Florencia.
“Duke Angelo,” Maximilian said with a nod. “What are you doing here?”
“Why…” Nero said, “I believe these chambers have been reserved for my use. And what are you two doing here?”
But Maximilian Silvanus of Lucia did not respond to that question. Instead he said, “You are mistaken. This is Lucian territory.”
If that was the case, this could soon become an “incident” between Florencia and Lucia.
“Anicus!” Nero yelled.
His servant appeared from behind their small procession. “My lord Angelo?”
“I thought you said that this room had been reserved for me and my guest—and yet we find Lord Silvanus of Lucia occupying this space.”
“I—I apologize, my lord, there must have been some mistake—“
“I don’t want your apologies you useless cretin! Find me an unused chamber on the godsdamned Florencian side or I’ll have your hide whipped raw.”
Zaan smiled with a chuckle.
“There is no need to have your man punished,” Dante said. “A simple mistake.”
“Indeed,” Maximilian said.
Useless servants can’t get anything right.
“Anyway,” Nero said. “How goes it, you two?”
“Well enough,” Dante said.
“And you, Lord Silvanus?” Nero asked.
“They go glowingly,” Maximilian said sarcastically. 
“Excellent,” Nero said. “I’ve just been talking with Lord Blackwater. He says there are ripe lands to the east—an empire called Abassir. He is currently in the process of conquering these lands, are you not?”
Zaan said nothing, only spread his arms, indicating his foreign clothes and the opulent jewels hanging across his body. Atop the shawl covering his shoulders was a pendant with emeralds the size of a small child’s fist.
“Do you not have enough trouble with us Lucians?” Maximilian asked. “Why do you make trouble elsewhere?”
“Ha!” Zaan said with a dismissive flick of his hand. “There is nothing to gain by this war, other than to satisfy personal hatred. In other lands, I am a king!”
“That is treason,” Dante Lorintos said. “All lands and vassal states taken by the Florencian nobility belong to Emperor Justin.”
“Yes, well,” Nero said, “I am certain Lord Blackwater meant what he said in a less than literal sense. Am I not mistaken?”
“You are not,” Zaan said. 
Of course, I know different, Nero thought, a smile that he would allow them to see coming to his face. Perhaps he would go to war with Zaan to carve out new kingdoms.
“Your own exploits are told of even in Lucia,” Nero said as he addressed Duke Dante Lorintos.
“I am surprised you know Lucian law so well,” Zaan said, his air one of contempt and feigned amusement.
“I make it a point to be well aware of both Florencian and Lucian law, including our histories.”
“Is that so?” Nero asked as he puffed on his pipe. “For when you inevitable conquer Lucia with us, I am sure.” He laughed.
Dante didn’t move, but Maximilian Solvanus visibly angered.
“Careful,” Zaan said. “We came to this chamber by accident. You wouldn’t want to ruin the parley, now would you?”
Dante stepped forward. “It would be best if you two left these chambers immediately. You are trespassing on Lucian grounds.”
“But our fellow Florencian is here,” Nero said, nodding toward Dante. He shrugged, giving off an impression that this was no large matter—that it should be well understood that this room was technically neutral territory for the time being. “A Florencian duke no less.”
“He has invited me here to speak on matters of neutrality.”
“Mmm,” Nero noised. “Truer words have not been spoken, Duke.” Knowing that Dante would not budge—the prickly sea urchin!—he smiled, proffered an overly exaggerated bow ending in him flourishing his hand dramatically, he said, “Our apologies. Come, Zaan, let us leave this chamber so that we can discuss our own business in a more... agreeable setting.”
Neither Duke Dante Lorintos, nor Maximilian Silvanus said anything as they watched Nero and Zaan leisurely stroll out of the chamber. They went left, where what was clearly Florencian territory ahead. 
In a low tone he said to the other lord, “I’ll be certain to send my man Anicus to your front lines, Zaan.”
Zaan smiled. “I look forward to having the extra man.”
Together the two lords laughed.

XV—Maximilian Silvanus of Lucia
As Dukes Nero Angelo and Zaan Blackwater of Florencia left the chamber, Maximilian glanced after them.
Then he looked to Dante. “What was that about?”
“I don’t know,” he said. “Perhaps they truly had made a mistake.”
It was difficult for Maximilian to believe that. But Nero Angelo and Zaan Blackwater were Dante’s countrymen, so of course it was natural for him to give them the benefit of the doubt.
He did not hold that against Dante.
“As I was saying,” Dante said. He strode near the crackling fire. “This… parley carries an enormous danger of something going wrong. Violence would surely break out, do you not agree?”
Maximilian nodded. “I do agree.”
It was hard for him to believe that a lasting peace could even be attained. So many of the nobility hated one another, had experienced personal loss due to the very members on the other side currently within the House of Gates.
“What are you suggesting?” Max added.
Dante looked at him. “We must make an alliance. An alliance of houses.”
“What?”
“Not for our own gains, but for the gains of both our countries. I trust you.”
“Why?”
“I remember the Battle of the Blue Salts,” Dante said. “The fighting was fierce—on both sides, I have no doubt.”
“It was,” Max said. “Florencia fought well on that day. You were led by Lord General Arian Justus, were you not?”
“That is correct,” Dante said with a nod. “My point is,” he added, “that you had several of our ships dead to rights. Including my own. You could have fired those ships—killed us all. There was no time to take prisoners as you pursued our general. And yet you did not have us killed.”
Max nodded. “I have no want to see senseless bloodshed, even of Florencians.”
“And this is why I trust you,” Dante said. “Lord Silvanus—we must work together. If things get out of hand, we must not fight for our own side, but for both sides.”
Looking at him with narrowed eyes, Max considered what Duke Dante Lorintos was suggesting. And even though he did not personally believe this parley stood much of a chance, perhaps on principle they had to try.
Four our lady empress at least.
Nodding, he said, “All right.”
“This heartens me, Lord Silvanus. I grow so weary of our conflict.”
“Is that why you have become an adventurer?”
Dante looked thoughtful, then downed his drink. “Perhaps. I know a part of me has always longed for exploration—for adventure. But another part of me wished to escape”—he motioned with his hand as he indicated Lucia and Florenica and the never ending war between them—“all this.”
“I understand,” Max said. “Though I have never chosen not to fight a battle, I too want this to end. I will admit to certain doubts, though.”
“Understandable.”
“Do you truly believe a lasting peace can be sought?”
“If both sides are willing to lay to rest past animosities.”
“Easier said than done,” Max said.
“Indeed. But we have to try, do we not?”
“Perhaps.”

XVI—Lucius Marco of Florencia
“Wait,” Lucius Marco said. “We are to have free reign of the House of Gates later tomorrow?”
They were in one of the smaller ballrooms. Lucius was taken aback, unsure of what to say at first, but his feelings of anger and hated boiled to the surface. “Lord Capri killed two of by brothers not six months past. How can I possibly be asked to spend a single moment in the same room with him?”
Angelic Bronte, always the one to cool hot tempers in a heated room, shrugged. “You will have the freedom not to speak to him. Stay on the opposite side of the House if you must.”
“Tch!”
This is preposterous, he thought. He had had the impression that this parley would be like parleys in the past, but this was nothing like that. Has Emperor Justin gone mad?
“I can see your thoughts,” Angelica said.
Just the look of her calmed him. She had a beautiful, but kindly face and golden silk for hair. How she was wearing one of those foreign fashions from the east. A kimono was it called? It was bright red, the hem of which was silk with a high sheen.
“I am sorry, Lucius,” she said. “If you should meet him, I will be by your side.”
“For what reason? To make sure I don’t do something brash?”
Party goers glanced at them and made faces that indicated he was disturbing them. 
“Not so loud,” Angelica said. She took him by the hand and led him out of the ballroom.
Lucius almost jerked away. The very sight of her pulling him by the wrist would spawn some new joke at his expense, or some inane gossip about their relationship, of which there was none, other than their longstanding friendship.
He sighed, but in the hubbub of the busy evening, he couldn’t even hear his own breath leaving his body.
Eventually they had gotten to a quiet space on one of the third story balconies. It overlooked the gardens and one of the many roads leading up to the House of Gates. Because of the brightly lit grounds due to the lamp poles, Lucius could see nobles still arriving and disembarking from their carriages of in the distance.
Most of the people arriving at this time would probably be lower class nobles, Gentlemen and gentlemen-at-arms, knights and other lesser nobles.
“You must contain yourself, Lucius. Now is not the time for vengeance.” She glanced out over the gardens as he had been doing. Then she turned to him. “I do not know what our emperor has in mind for this event, but what I do know is that he’s working closely with Empress Caelestinius.”
“What?! Truly?”
She nodded.
Impossible.
“But that’s… almost—“
“Careful,” she said. “Do not say something you will regret.”
Sighing, he said, “You are right. It’s just… it’s just this all has my blood to boiling.”
“And you won’t be the only one,” she said. “We must keep cool heads, or this event will turn into a bloodbath. Do you want that?”
“I can’t say that part of me does not.”
“And what of your younger sisters and your mother? What if one or even both of them were to be slain during the fighting? All for you to get a chance at your revenge.”
At her words and the implication of which, he took pause. “You are right.”
“Yes.”
“Cool heads,” he said.
“Indeed.” She smiled with a nod.

XVII—Luca Aurelius of Lucia
“Are you sure this is a good idea?”
“Of course it’s a good idea!” Luca Aurelius said. “Don’t be daft, Monelicci What are the Florencian’s going to do, start a war because we dropped some eggs on their heads?”
“I don’t know.”
“Ha! Of course you don’t. Just follow my lead.”
“But…” Monelicci said. “Isn’t a stunt like this just a bit… I don’t know—juvenile?” 
“Of course it’s juvenile, you fool. That’s why we’re doing it. No harm no foul—right?”
“I suppose so.”
“Now come!”
Together, the two young men carried their eggs down the corridor. Luca was careful not to drop them, or gods forbid, crack them over his own jacket as he weaved his way through other Lucian nobles.
“Oh! Wait for me!” Zuli called.
“Don’t dawdle!” Luca growled, leading the way. When they reached the cross section, he went right. The crowds dissipated here. He led the way past the guards and up the stairs.
“Where are you going?” Zuli asked.
“To the fourth story,” Luca said. “My father comes to the House of Gates often enough, so I know the palace well. Better than anyone, actually.”
“Truly?”
“Indeed. Now follow.”
Leading them down a series of corridors with bright red runners trimmed in gold, they eventually came to a quiet chamber. But the door was locked. “Damn,” Luca swore. 
But he was prepared. Giving Zuli his eggs, Luca unsheathed two hidden stiletto daggers from his sleeves and used them to turn the tumbler inside the lock. It only took him a matter of seconds.
“What if someone is occupying these chambers?” Monelicci asked.
“I don’t think so,” Luca said.
“How do you—“ Zuli began, but she was cut off when he opened the door.
Slowly, Luca went into the chamber, just to make sure it wasn’t occupied like the others thought it might be.
It was not.
Perfect.
What they were about to do was not exactly vengeance on those Florencians, but it would bring a certain satisfaction to Luca.
Going straight to the high windows, he unclasped the latch and opened them. Peering down, he could see a balcony one story below them.
“Those are—those are Florencian’s down there?” Zuli asked, her eyes wide.
Smiling, Luca said, “Precisely.”
“How is this possible?” Monelicci asked. “I didn’t know the separate territories had lines that were so staggered.”
“You don’t know the half of it, my friend.”
As two figures on the almost deserted balcony made to go back in, he dropped one of his eggs. It landed on the tiles at their feet, barely missing the man in the blue jacket.
The woman, wearing what looked to be a bright red kimono with black hemlines, jumped back and glanced up.
The man was slower to react.
“Get back!” Luca said. “Do not let them see you.”
“WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU ARE DOING!?” the man called. He was young.
“Oh gods!” Monelicci gasped. “Now we’ve done it.”
“It’s fine,” Luca said. 
Now that we’re caught, no sense in hiding like cowards. We Lucians are not cowards, especially when dealing with Florencians!
Leaning back over the window, he said, “Who are you yelling at?”
“You!” the man said, shaking his fist. He started cursing and saying something Luca couldn’t understand, but it looked like he was arguing with the woman. She was trying to calm him.
Perfect!
“He’s really angry,” Zuli said, then giggled.
“My apologies!” Luca called. “Perhaps you should be more aware of your surroundings, Florencian!”
The woman looked up. “That’s enough.”
She took the man in the blue jacket by the shoulders and guided him through the splash of light over the titles and inside.
“Damn!” Luca said. “I was hoping to have more of an exchange than that.”
“I don’t think this is a good idea,” Monelicci said again. 
Luca rounded on the young lord. He was wearing a green jacket and white trousers. He grabbed the other man by the coat and said, “If you’re going to be such a coward while dealing with Florencians, then maybe you should have stayed home with your mommy!”
Zuli giggled.
Idiot girl giggles at everything.
“I’m sorry, Luca, it’s just…”
Realizing he had overreacted to his friend’s cowardliness, he let go. “It’s nothing,” Luca said.
“What is the meaning of this?”
Zuli gasped and Luca looked up above his friend’s shoulder. It was one of the House of Gates maids.
“What is it to you, maid?” Luca asked. “And I don’t believe I care for your tone either. How dare you speak to me in that condescending manner!”
The red-haired maid walked forward. Oddly she didn’t lose that challenging look in her eyes the way commoners usually faltered.
“Firstly,” the maid said. “My tone is not one of condescension, but of rebuke.”
“You think you can rebuke Lord Luca of House Aurelius?”
The maid glanced at Zuli. “Be silent, you little fool.” At her words and tone, Monelicci’s mouth went slack. It was damned embarrassing. The servant put her hands on her hips. “I am no mere maid!” she said. “I am Lady Emily Desdemona, and your Lord Luca Aurelius here is on equal standing with myself. But seeing as how my father is Lord Vincent Desdemona, I would say I’m actually of somewhat higher standing. Especially since I am part of the High House Maid Society. That’s right—look away.”
“You don’t intimidate me,” Luca said.
“It matters not. You are breaching Florencian territory and you will stop your actions at once!”
I can’t believe I’m being talked down to by a godsdamned maid!
But she wouldn’t back down.
Dammit.
“Do not make me use my powers of authority to force your compliance.”
 “Fine,” Luca said. “Let’s be done of this.” He tossed his eggs on the bed where they bounded harmlessly. 
The stupid maid would have to carry them back to the kitchens.
“Now let’s get out of here.”
Together the group left the chamber, went back downstairs and mingled with the party, Luca’s face feeling hot all the while from his embarrassment.
I need to find out more about this Emily Desdemona.

XVIII—Cassandra Constantine of Florencia
Cassandra marveled at the front entrance of the House of Gates as her family came up behind her. They had ridden with the Scyros side of the family in a multi-carriage trip.
“It’s beautiful,” Cassandra said. “Is it not, aunt Hecate?”
Though the other woman was her aunt, Hecate wasn’t much older than Cassandra, at just twenty-two. She was the much younger sibling of her mother—now also a Constantine.
“I’ve been here before,” Hecate said.
The two were more like sisters, albeit, sisters that often needed space from one another. If truth be told, it was Hecate who often needed space from Cassandra. She was a dreaming girl of twenty, Hecate finding her to be rather irritating at times.
Cassandra thought that was funny, and sometimes that made her sad. Nevertheless, she wouldn’t want to be away from her aunt for very long. At least for Cassandra’s part, she was close to her aunt.
“When did you come last?”
Hecate looked at her. She wore all black. With her dark eyes and black hair, others often called her Lady Raven. Weather that was disparaging or simply a name others had taken to calling her during the war, Cassandra didn’t know.
Cassandra had personally followed the path of the swords. Even now she wore high boots with armored plates, short shorts with lace. On her lower abdomen she wore a corset where her chest plate did not cover, which from that hung a half cape cut at the center for riding.
“Two years ago,” Hecate said in answer to Cassandra’s question. “My father was on an adventuring mission.”
“Oh,” Cassandra said, feeling intensely curious about that. As of yet, she still hadn’t fought in any battles against the Florencians and she had only been on very limited adventures. “Was it a success?”
“Indeed.”
“What was this adventure about?”
“Monster hunting.”
“What kind of monsters—“
“Enough, child,” Hecate said. “I will tell you another time. But that time is not now.”
Hecate looked up at the House of Gates, at the multiple stories. They went high enough to make them both crane their necks. The windows were ornamental, and on the outer face were carved bricks and ornamental eves with gargoyles.
Cassandra wanted to explore the gardens and the other grounds. For some reason she thought the interior of the House of Gates would be the most wonderful, and she hated exploring the lesser things last.
She wandered off through the ornamental shrubs under the lights cast by the lamp polls. In the gardens were hundreds of partygoers, some of which were playing games. Children ran about screaming while others dined or walked in pairs.
This did not feel like a parley, but rather a garden party.
And inside there’s supposed to be a ball with dancing, and then later fireworks!
That was what her parents had said inside the carriage ride there.
As she walked on the graveled path, she found a man looking out over a beautiful pond. At its center a fountain of marble carved in the likeness of a beautiful woman without clothes spit water from her hands.
Cassandra almost blushed. She wasn’t used to seeing things like that. Fortunately, the statue wasn’t a man. Though further off in some other areas she could see that there were male statues.
She glanced at the man in the blue jacket and found herself rather perplexed. His clothes were… in tatters.
He turned and she gasped.
“Did I frighten you?”
Cassandra shook her head. She had been expected to be frightened from this man, but his countenance was very handsome, his hair silky and shinning in the lamplight. He also carried an air of friendless.
His smile did not diminish this aspect about him.
“What are you doing in the gardens on your own? As you can see”—he gestured—“many bring their families or sweethearts along for a walk, and yet you come alone.”
“I was… I was exploring. I wanted to see them.”
“Ah,” he said. “This is your first time to the House of Gates.”
“Yes,” she said, feeling somewhat nervous around this man. His boots were worn, but well taken care of, and his trousers and shirt were crisp and white, and yet his jacket looked like he had been attacked.
“Do you wonder about my clothes?” he asked.
“I am sorry,” she said. “I did not mean to presume anything—“
“No,” he said, interrupting. “It is quite all right. Many that do not know of me wonder after such things.” He smiled, that smile carrying an enigma he did not comment on.
Suddenly moving his hands about in a strange dancing fashion, he revealed a bright luminescent flower that sparkled in the night.
Cassandra gasped.
“For you, lovely maiden.” He gestured for her to take it.
She reached forward tentatively and took the gift he had offered.
“Cherish this gift I give you, for it is not long for this world.”
“Thank you.”
“What is your name, child?”
“I’m Cassandra.”
He looked at her funny.
“Oh, uh—of Constantine.”
“Ah,” he said with a smile. “The Constantines. I know of your house. May good fortune find you and yours.”
“Thank you,” she said, her heart beating a little faster. “And… what is your name?”
“I am Papero Braigo.”
She gasped. “I’ve heard of you.”
“I am not surprised.”
“They call you the Knight Vega—er—I mean…”
“The Knight Vagabond,” he said, chuckling musically. “Indeed. Do not be afraid to use the title. It is well earned, as you can see.” He gestured to his coat.
“Are you not also a duke?”
He raised an eyebrow. “That I am, child.”
Feeling emboldened by his good nature, she asked, “And is it not true that you—“
“Cassandra!”
“Oh,” Papero said, his eyes flicking above Cassandra’s shoulder.
She turned. It was Hacate. 
“What are you doing? Come.” She motioned with her hand.
“I am sorry, my lord duke,” Cassandra said. “I must leave you now. My aunt…”
“Aunt?” he asked, his eyebrow rising again. 
“Yes,” she said. With a smile she turned and joined her aunt, who took her back toward the House of Gates, where they would surely get settled in their chambers and then join the ball.
A large part of her wanted to wander back outside and speak to Lord Duke Braigo. He was so handsome.
And intriguing!

XIX—Kaisorra Ano of Lucia
For a gathering of the whole nobility from both Lucia and Florencia, there were far too many commoners at the House of Gates. But Kaisorra was willing to mostly overlook the problem, since they were all in various roles of service to their noble betters.
She sat in her chair, noble lords and ladies crowding about as a group of performers attempted to impress her. She laughed, mostly. Could that man truly put one more sword inside his throat?
“Do not move!” she commanded with a giggle. “Stay like that for as long as you can. I wish to take you all in, for to remember you by.”
The jester, wearing his green and gold stripped livery, rolled his eyes toward her. She smiled, nodding encouragement. Encouragement that would probably make him cut himself.
It mattered not.
It will be amusing at least.
She laughed when he started shaking, the bells on his funny little hat tinkling with his quaking.
“Surely, my lady,” Luca Aurelius said, “he’s had enough. Look at the poor soul.”
“That’s surprising coming from you, Luca,” she said. “It’s rather… compassionate of you.”
The jester pulled at the sword.
“No, no,” she said with a smile as she wagged her hand. “I did not give you permission to stop entertaining me.”
The jester was shaking so hard now, his friends looking on with worried glances. One of them, a small dwarf, rushed forward. “My lady, he’s had enough.”
“Has he?”
The dwarf in his green and black costume nodded fervently. 
“If the jester takes the swords from his mouth, I have him executed,” she said. 
Gasps went all around, though some lords and ladies smiled, bemused at her cruel little joke. Of course she would not have them executed. She didn’t even have the power to do that to this buffoonish troupe of performers.
“Jester,” a woman called from the crowd. She came forward. She was wearing white stockings with garter belts that disappeared into her frightfully short skirt. 
A beautiful piece, Kaisorra thought. Blue silk. And that jacket! Oh, I wonder if her boots are some rare form of monster hide. I’ve never seen such interesting leather.
“Lady Rosangela Martin,” she said. “How are you? I trust you’re enjoying the party?”
“I was,” she said, her tone one not of amusement. “Until I saw you torturing this poor jester.” 
“Oh, he’s quite fine, I’m sure.”
Rosangela uttered a spell, and a magic encasement of luminescent light encompassed the jester’s body. “You can relax now. Your body will not fall. Go on, I assure you.”
The jester’s tenseness visibly lessened.
“Oh, you’re not fun, Rosie.”
“Dwarf, take the swords from him.” Her tone was not a request, and so, knowing such a command well, he obeyed her.
Once the swords were free, Roseangela touched him, taking away the magical encasement. 
“Now be gone, Jester.”
With a quick bow and a “Yes, my lady!” he took up and left with his small troupe of performers.
“Fine,” Kaisorra said. “I was bored with them anyway.”
“You do not have to be cruel.”
“Cruel? I’m not cruel, Rosie. Luca, am I cruel?” She laughed musically.
“I don’t think so,” he said. “It was just a bit of fun.”
“To be sure,” Roseangela said.
“You’re always against me, Rosie.”
“No,” she said. “I am against your excessive displays. Nothing more.”
It was all quite amusing. Annoying Roseangela was always a fun pastime for Kaisorra. At first, it had been out of jealousy and malice, but as those feelings waned, it simply became a pleasurable experience, like playing a prank on someone.
“If you wish to get along with our Florencian neighbors, you should refrain from behaving in such ways.”
“Oh, surely not,” Kaisorra said as she flicked her hand. “Don’t be a bore, love.”
“Hmph!”
Roseangela turned and strode back into the crowd without a word.
Kaisorra laughed. “Until next time.”

XX—Maximilian Silvanus of Lucia
With the late evening hours upon them, Max said goodnight to Drenna and Hulio and headed for his chambers. Most of the Lucian nobility had already retired for the night, but Imperial mages still stalked the halls as they went about their activities.
The ballrooms were still somewhat occupied, if sparsely. Max passed Lord Zaan Blackwater who gave him a lingering look. But with that odd smirk across his face, it was impossible to know his thoughts.
His chambers were dark, so he uncovered a glow rock and set it in the hanging sconce, giving the room light to see by. He didn’t bother lighting any candles as he had the maids bring up heated water so he could take a bath.
It had been a long day and countless small talk, much of it repetition, had worn on him. That, with the added tensions of tomorrow where the Lucian and Florencian nobilities would intermingle, Max needed rest.
He was still unaware as to what was planned exactly, but both Empress Caelestinius and Emperor Justin of Florencia had said the events would be involving. Upon coming to the House of Gates, he had been warned by another courier that what was to take place could in fact require some time and that Max was to send word in order to take care of any immediate matters.
It begins tomorrow, he thought.
Hoping to the gods that nothing violent broke out, he was reminded of a small incident by a Lucian lord—he didn’t know who—that had thrown eggs on a Florencian from atop a balcony.
A small and juvenile prank, in these hot waters, could turn deadly. Many Lucians and Florencians had a seething hatred for one another. Having lost friends and family to the other side throughout the incessant conflict, why would they not? 
Max got out of his hot bath, dried his body off with a towel and left the water to cool. The maids could empty it the next day.
It was time to get some sleep, to rest and to mentally prepare for what was to come. Something within Max told him that Empress Caelestinius and Emperor Justin had something planned that would be rather unexpected.
A thrill ran through Max as he put on his nightshirt and sat his sword on the other side of the bed where he wouldn’t be sleeping. 
Covering the glow rock, the chamber darkened, but there was still some pale light that cut stark lines across the wall—first a pale white, and then intermingled with a subtle pink.
Ronoria was crescent, shining her pink-red light and was mostly intermingled and overtaken by the pale, bright light of Ionna, which was full.
Closing his eyes, he wondered if he would be forced to meet Lady Gabriela Farreli. Gods, she was smug and arrogant. In truth, she had bested Max in more than one engagement. 
And she likes to rub it in my face.
They had never met before, knew each other only by name on the battlefield. Max knew that she was Florencian nobility of high rank, that she led her own forces in their conflict, but little else.
Something tapped the window.
Max opened his eyes and glanced over as his hand—instinctually—went for his sword hilt on the bed. Picking up the weapon, he got out of bed and went to the window.
Before opening it, he glanced about, moving from the right side to the left so as to get the best possible angle of view. He saw nothing.
Unsheathing his longsword with a crisp metallic hiss, he tossed the scabbard onto the bed and then unlatched the window. 
It opened with barely an audible click. He was careful not to lean out too far so he wouldn’t present himself as a target as he held up his longsword.
It was an excellent weapon to fight through a window. Max could easily thrust the tapering blade at a grappling enemy and kill him.
Looking down, he saw nothing.
And there’s nothing above, either.
Perhaps the noise had been a bird, or a gust of wind that made the window shutter within the frame? Logically that had to be the case, but what he had remembered had been a sound that didn’t quite match those possible events.
I sense no magical auras.
It had to have been nothing.
Closing the window, he latched it, then drew the curtains and went back to bed, leaving his sword Harrower on the bed without its sheath.
The blade was black still, a terror in ages past, and yet the quality was as though the weapon had been freshly forged. 
 The night had a slight chill, but wasn’t cold. Not in the summer time. Still, he got under the covers and closed his eyes.

What Maximilian Silvanus of Lucia had not seen while leaning out his window, was the black-clad figure, wearing a terrible mask with holes for eyes. The frown was an angry one, the teeth of which jutted out like that of a troll’s and the mustache flared outwards thickly—all of which were impressions within the black-painted ceramic.
Behind that horrible and hideous mask was a man, silent, stealthy—except for his subtle knocking of the window while jumping about the House of Gates.

XXI—Zanna Caelestinius of Lucia
While there were half a dozen Lucian and Florencian mages manipulating the loadstone, Zanna had only one confidant at her side.
General October.
Emperor Justin had brought no one, probably as a show of trust. Zanna trusted Albion—even if their countries had been at war for centuries. Even if his direct family members had been responsible for many of the deaths of Lucian nobility, or even royalty.
But this war must end.
The mages were infusing the loadstone with magic.
“We are nearly ready,” one of the Florencian mages said., then he began murmuring with his countrymen as well as with the Lucian mages also performing the magical manipulations required to produce the barrier.
“Can we be certain that this whole event will not go awry?” Albion asked quietly. 
They were on the roof, watching the mages infuse the big stone with magic.
Zanna looked at him and shook her head. “But we must try.”
Everything had been prepared, the various gate chambers open. Many distractions had been prepared, from music and a grand nightly feast, to the most lavishly manicured gardens where shows of entertainment had been prepared, including a fully casted play featuring a different story every night!
Some months past, ships had been sailed to Lagoon for no other purpose than to be prepared for pleasure sailing. There were cabins bedecked in all the luxurious amenities a lord or lady could ask for.
This idea of theirs was either ingenious, or incredibly foolhardy. But only time would tell whether or not their scheme would work.
“Which of your nobles are loyal to our cause?”
Albion glanced at her. “With them, I never know what is true and what is feigned. Few of the nobility wish to scathe the emperor’s goodwill toward them.”
“I understand the situation well. It is the same among the Lucians.”
“It is ready!” one of the mages called. He then spoke to October quietly for a moment.
The general then approached the empress and emperor. “The barrier is ready to be activated on your say so.”
Zanna glanced at Albion. “Shall we begin?”
Looking at her for what seemed like a long time, he finally nodded. “May the gods be on the side of this endeavor of ours,” he said. “Or else the devils will have their way with us both.”
“Indeed,” Zanna said.
October gave the signal, and the mages infused the big loadstone with an activation magic. It then exploded with bright light as a magical barrier was formed in the sky, at first only appearing to be a twisted wad of bright magic that emanated out of the top of the loadstone.
It shot forth into the sky.
With perfect timing, the midnight fireworks exploded, casting the House of Gates in every color as they plumed over the House and the grounds, both on the Lucian side and the Florencian side.
While everything was bright, the barrier hit a stopping point and then mushroomed out over the House of Gates, spreading far enough to encompass the gardens and even the carriages on the roads leading up into the grounds.
All was sealed, cut off from the rest of the world.
Both for the Lucians and the Florencians.
No one would leave.
Would not be allowed to leave.
Until this…
Was finished! 

Epilogue
Emily…
Nicholas still couldn’t believe she had allowed Sicca to leave his family’s chambers. She had a sword, and that surprised him. He knew she had been ready to use it.
He had spent the last few hours near to quaking as he thought piles of guards would break down the door and arrest him at any time. 
But they hadn’t come.
And Emily had said nothing more about his involvement with Sicca. In fact, it seemed like she had been pretending she had never seen anything.
With a heavy sigh of relief, Nicholas stared out his windows at the bright plumes of colorful fireworks. It was surprising. 
Our enemies sleep only a few chambers away, and yet we have fireworks.
With a heavy heart, he watched the fireworks, wishing Sicca could be there with him. But he also had hope—hope for what was to come.

Why they were all here now, Gabriela didn’t know. But Emperor Justin, along with the Lucian empress, seemed to think this new parley would be different. 
I don’t see how.
She dragged the fine-grain sharpening stone against the edge of her rapier, honing it—sharpening it for what could come to pass.
It would not surprise Gabriela if screaming erupted in the halls in the middle of the night—if Lucian soldiers and nobility came through, cutting and blasting their war through the Florencian corridors with blade and magic.
She was ready.
After finishing with her blade, she oiled it, glancing at the mirror sheen of polished steel in the light of the glow rock lamps.
Then she sheathed her weapon.
Tomorrow is the big day.
I wonder if mother and father are sleeping soundly?
Her eyes wandered to their bedchamber doors. Her own chambers were sumptuous enough, with a huge bed, a large washroom and plenty of space for her to practice her sword craft in the mornings.
Maximilian Silvanus…
What was he like?
No. 
What would he ­be like when she finally met him for the first time? Smiling mischievously, she couldn’t wait.

In a darkened room, Maximilian Silvanus slept soundly. Though he had felt apprehensive about this parley, he was not afraid.
He and Duke Dante Lorintos of Florencia would do everything in their power to keep things from, breaking out. Perhaps it was idealistic of him, but Max had thought to himself, if we would do such a thing of our own accord, then surely others want peace as well.
If the parley fell through—which they all had in the past, then the Lucians and Florencias could go on killing one another as they ever had.
After leaving the House of Gates.
But something was different about this parley. Max had hoped—had prayed that that difference was not born on the whims of two fools leading entire empires when the true rulers had died in a horrible melee of blades and magic, only to leave the two empires in inept hands.
Treason, he had thought.

Laughing, he chased Pavala Larinni through the gardens as suddenly something exploded. Pavala screamed, turned to Drenna with a look of fright as a whine shot through the air.
The explosion of bright colors caused them both to jump, but as the fireworks lit the gardens with every single hue of color, they both began to laugh.
“How wonderful!” Pavala said. 
“Is it not?” Drenna asked.
“Oh! And look!”
“Indeed, I have never seen such beautiful displays in my life.”
They weren’t just fireworks. They were infused with special magic that caused them to move in the sky. One, a giant bird of orange and red, flapped its wings, it’s many tail feathers swirling about.
It then cried out, filling the sky with its calls before exploding into a plume of bright colors and cascading flourishes.
“Oh, Drenna,” Pavala said. She clasped her hands. “Dance with me!”
“Dance?”
“Yes!” she said excitedly. Then she grabbed his hands and took him along for a marry go around the founts—their cascading waters taking on the many colors of the fireworks exploding through the sky.
“Is this not amazing?!” she asked.
“It is!” he said. “I can only hope that my good friend Maximilian Silvanus is enjoying himself half as much right now!”

“Majesty,” Brasioni said. “Should you not sleep?”
Bransioni, ever the loyal emperor’s man, came and refilled his glass of red wine. Normally Albion did not drink this late into the evening, but he was having trouble sleeping.
And he knew why.
“I cannot,” Albion said. “This may very well be the end of Florencia. Or the start of a glorious new era. I cannot say which.”
“May the gods by ever in your favor, my lord emperor.”
“Hmm,” Albion noised as he swirled his glass of wine. He was sitting in a luxurious high-backed chair upholstered with silk as he drank his wine and watched the fire crackle.
It was slightly too warm for a fire, and so he had his windows opened. Something Bransioni complained about, but Albion had ignored.
“Were the gods in my favor when my father and mother were killed, leaving the throne to me?”
“I do not rightly know,” Bransioni said. “But the gods do work in mysterious ways of which we cannot fathom. That I believe.”
“Perhaps it is so,” Albion said.
If everything goes the way he and Empress Zanna wanted, they would be married soon. Albion had never imagined in all his years that he may marry a Lucian. Hells, he had never imagined becoming the emperor of Florencia!
It had seemed like a dream then.
And it seems like a dream now…

Everything had been planned meticulously. Those plans were being laid out and enacted even now.
Zanna stood in her study, a large cascade of windows before her, the walls filled with books. The shelves were so high, a ladder was needed to get to the books even in the middle rows.
Everything was cast in bright plumes of light as the fireworks exploded outside. 
There is much more to do, she thought. If I fail, bloodshed will be inevitable, and Empress Zanna Caelestinius of Lucia will forever be remembered as the Empress of Fools.
Gods, she hated this. The waiting. The watching. Counting the moments for some hothead lord to do something stupid.
And the Florencians have not even begun to intermingle with her own people yet.
Am I making a mistake? A terrible, terrible mistake?
Swallowing hard, she glanced about her study, but no one was there with her—not a soul. In the gardens, she could see a young man and woman dancing merrily about the fountains.
At least there were some who were happy.
Perhaps that boded well for what was to come. It was a shame one of those two young nobles wasn’t a Florencian, secretly stealing a moment of forbidden love with a Lucian.
She almost laughed out loud as a thought came to her. Perhaps she and Emperor Albion Justin should take up that behavior.
To lead by example.
Of course, this is a purely foolish thought inside the head of a fool who should not even be Empress of Lucia.
Sighing heavily, Zanna began pacing the study as she worried incessantly about what would happen the very next day.
And after that, too.
I wonder if Albion feels the same way as I do on this matter?

Having hidden most of his displeasure before, Zaan Blackwater was now hissing with fury at his small entourage of servants and sycophants.
He tossed a bottle of wine across the chamber.
“Do not waste the good wine,” Nero said lightly.
“This is all a waste of time!”
One of the servants actually had the gall to approach Zaan. “My lord, Blackwater, please.”
“Silence, you fool!”
The servant lowered his gaze. What was he, the new master of servants his man had hired? His demure posture at Zaan’s outburst made him even more angry.
I’ll have him sent to the front lines when we get back.
And then his rage took him again.
“I should bring my armies back and conquer all of these lands—show them how to rule an empire. I can’t believe this is happening.”
The fireworks exploding outside both distracted and annoyed him.
“This whole situation reeks of treachery—an assassination plot just waiting to happen. Do you not think so, Nero?”
Nero Angelo, his narrow eyes even narrower now that the night had got on, puffed on his pipe. “I agree with you completely. My armies are not so strong as your own, but I am mightily impressed with your exploits. Forget these fools. Once this is over, let us conquer new lands. We can rule together—our own empires, Zaan!”
“Yes,” he said, smiling. Then he couldn’t help himself. Zaan started cackling like a mad villain. “We will play along, Nero. Until we can leave. But you must prepare your house immediately. No dawdling, my friend.”
“Of course not. Do I look like one to dawdle?”
Zaan looked at him.
Actually, yes.
Of course, he did not say that. Nero Angelo was one of the new Dukes who fell on his side of thinking. The rest of them were either too old, too stupid or too dead  to put their attentions else ware other than the centuries –long feud between Florencia and Lucia.

And then when I don’t need you anymore, Duke Nero Angelo thought, I’ll cut you off. Or perhaps I’ll even take what’s yours and make it mine.
He laughed.
“What is funny? Zaan asked.
Nero puffed on his pipe. “We are surrounded by fools.”
“Indeed,” Zaan said. “Indeed we are.”
Nero chuckled.

“Edward!”
“Yes, love?”
“Come in here. The fireworks are spectacular.”
Tori’s husband came into the room. “My goodness,” he said. “You weren’t exaggerating.”
“Do I ever?”
He gave her a sidelong glance. 
“Where is Sicca?” she asked.
Glancing about, he said, “I don’t know. I haven’t seen her for some time.”
“Perhaps she’s still in one of the ballrooms. I do believe she has friends here?”
“Oh?”
“Indeed,” Tori said. “That Umini girl?”
He shrugged. 
“You really should pay more attention to your daughter and take an active interest in her life.”
“You are right,” he said.
But of course, she knew that nothing would change. Edward Glass was a proactively productive man, which meant that he was often not at home. The Glass holdings had nearly quadrupled since Tori had married Lord Glass.
I can respect that.
And so she never complained too much.
The door closed and Tori turned to find Sicca coming into the room. She smoothed her skirts and tried to look as nonchalant as possible, but nothing escaped Tori Glass.
Smiling, she said, “Sicca, you little sneak. Where have you been?”
“Oh,” she said, shrugging. “Nowhere. Just out enjoying the evening.”
“I’m sure,” Tori said. “Come here. You’re missing these lovely fireworks.”
She joined them. “Wow.”
“Perhaps we should go out into the gardens?” Edward suggested as he put an arm around Sicca’s shoulders.
Tori nodded. “Why, what a wonderful idea, Lord Glass. Sicca, what do you think?”
Pausing for a moment, she finally nodded. 
“Then let’s go!” Edward said with a smile.
“I can’t believe the Lucians are in the same building,” Tori said. “I feel this is more of a party than a parley.”
“Wait until tomorrow,” Edward said. “Kylar,” he called. 
The servant came into the chamber. “Yes, my lord?”
“We’re going out. Prepare our jackets.”

Roseangela stalked into the large chamber where she had her knights assembled. All in all, she had thirty-two knights.
“All right, everyone. Listen up!”
Her knights stopped their chatter, eating and drinking. She glanced about, looking them in the eyes. Most of them were enjoying themselves immensely at this parley gathering.
If it can even be called a parley…
All was silent, save for the crackling fire. Most of the knights of House Martin wore ceremonial armor covered with their finest jackets.
“I see that you are all enjoying yourselves. And normally, I would encourage such behavior. Do not mistake me. I am not telling you that you cannot take part in the festivities of this parley event. But I also want you to stay on your guard.”
She lifted her arm and pointed a finger in the general direction of the Florencian side of the House of Gates. “The other side of this mansion is filled with Florencian nobility, knights and mages. We all know there are many long-standing grudges between us. Tempers are running hot, and something is bound to go wrong at some point. I thank the gods that there were no incidents today. But tomorrow things will be different. Our lady Empress Caelestinius and Emperor Justin expect us all to intermingle tomorrow.”
There were some chuckles in the crowd.
“Exactly!” she said, pointing a finger at them. “You think that’s ludicrous? I will tell you right now that there are crafty lords and ladies in our noble ranks—and the same exists with the Florencians—individuals who will attempt to salt old wounds to stir up trouble. I say all this to say… be on your guard tomorrow. We must prevent trouble, and gods forbid any of it coming from within my ranks! Do you all understand me?”
“Yes!” they said in unison.
“Good!” Roseangela said. “Now I want you all to go to sleep.”
Some of the men made crestfallen noises. 
“None of that. There will be time aplenty to enjoy yourself, but tomorrow, I want you all on your best behavior, and at your best physically.”
She turned around and opened the door to leave. Before exiting, she looked back at her knights. “Goodnight.”
“Goodnight, my lady!” one knight called, then a general outpouring came at her.
Roseangela smiled, then closed the door.

Sicca had scampered off somewhere only a little while ago. She was certain her niece was watching the fireworks as they exploded out over the skies. 
From where she was, in a dark recess of shadows due to the lateness of the hour, Hecate could still see the flashes of colorful lights on the ballroom floor near the windows on the other side of the massive chamber.
The dancing had since ceased and most of the nobles had gone off toward their own chambers, though some still lingered as they coalesced in small groups talking, laughing, and of course, drinking.
Hecate wanted to saunter out into the ballroom. But she did not. Something inside her always made her stop. She was a reclusive woman by nature and often though she thought she wanted companionship and company, when she got it, she quickly tired.
She loved her niece, Sicca, but the young girl could be very yappy at times.
Putting her mind from past annoyances, she watched the nobles from afar as most of them went to the windows to watch the massive display of fireworks.
“I didn’t see you on the ballroom floor,” a man from behind said.
Without getting up from where she was leaning against the wall, Hecate turned her head so the man was in view. He was young, handsome—and clearly rich.
“I don’t care to dance,” she said simply.
“Is it that you’re too good for the rest of us?” he asked.
She tried to make out his features more clearly. She could see that he was good looking, blonde, but mostly he was encased in shadow, much the way she was. Except her attire was all in various blacks and dark greys, while he wore a white coat and trousers with blue highlights.
“Or perhaps,” he added musingly, “you’re not… good enough?”
He grinned.
“If you are flirting with me, you have failed.”
“Flirting?” he asked, and sauntered over, his gate somewhat unstable.
He’s drunk.
“Flirting?” He smiled impishly. “Perhaps I was insulting you—even if I have no idea who you are.”
“The niece of the Grand Duchess.”
He looked at her, then his eyes widened. “Truly?”
“If I were, do you think I would be skulking in these shadows, you fool?”
“Be careful.”
“Or what? You will insult me again? Be gone, drunkard.”
“You can’t talk to me like that!” he snapped.
“Why not?”
“I am Lord Luca Aurelius and I will not be insulted by the likes of someone with an unrecognizable face in this palace.”
“I don’t recognize you.”
“What?” he growled.
“Luca,” a voice said sweetly. It was musical and playful all at once.
He turned toward the woman who had approached them from the ballroom floor. She was beautiful, wearing the most alluring dress Hecate had ever seen, full of dark green and blue silks and covered in fur. In her hand, she held a white mask with red slashes, it’s likeness that of a fox.
Hecate stood up straight.
“My apologies,” the woman said, then she giggled. “Luca, deer. Do not get angry.”
“This woman was insulting me!”
“Oh,” she said, playfully swatting the air. “Surely you’ve had a bit much to drink and didn’t realize she meant nothing by what she said?” She turned to Hecate. “Isn’t that right, dear girl?”
“If you wish,” Hecate said.
“See?” the woman asked. Turning back to Hecate, she said, “I’m Lady Kaisorra Ano. It’s nice to meet you, dear. Perhaps we will meet again during this”—she gestured emphatically—“’parley.’” She laughed.
“Indeed,” Hecate said.
Luca glanced at her, gave Hecate a dirty look.
“Come along,” Lady Ano said, and put out an arm. Luca took it and escorted the noble lady away from there.
Hecate sighed heavily. Her heart was beating very hard. Why was she so frightened? Why did she invite things like this to happen to her, and then not be able to deal with them internally?
Outwardly she was calm, but inside…
She left her shadow and stalked through the corridors toward her chambers as bright lights flashed outside while loud explosions and pops rolled across the sky.

As he escorted Lady Ano through the halls, he turned slightly back toward the direction of the ballroom and let his teeth show.
Who was that bitch?
If Luca ever saw her again, perhaps he would try to befriend her. So then later he could humiliate her in front of a hundred people.
“What are you smiling about?”
“What?” he asked, distracted. “Oh—it’s nothing.”
“Contemplating revenge, are we?”
Cocking his head in surprise, he smiled. ”How do you know?”
“I have my gifts,” she said. “Vengeance is something I hold to as well.”
“Really?”
“Of course, deer. Now let’s go to the west balcony. I want to enjoy the fireworks.”
“All right.”
They passed a couple in the hall who jerked apart as they realized Luca and Lady Ano were approaching. The woman had her back to the wall, the man leaning over her. Now, their lips no longer locked together, they whispered as if acting completely natural, but their shifty eyes made Luca want to vomit.
He gave them a dirty look.
Then he stumbled.
“Be careful,” Luca, Lady Ano said. “You might fall and hurt yourself.”
“I’m fine.”
Lady Ano chuckled. “Indeed.”

“Wow!” A woman in a red kimono with white-gold hair exclaimed. “They just keep going, Lucius.”
“It is a marvel,” the man named Lucius said.
Duke Papero Braigo watched the fireworks from the balcony above, listening to the conversation between the lord and lady. 
Papero was an intensely curious man, but also one of opportunity. It was surprising what you could learn about a person just listening to their small talk when they thought no one else was nearby.
That was why Papero was always careful about what he said in public, but especially when he thought he was not being overheard by someone else.
And as these thoughts came to him, all the while the distracting conflagration of fireworks in the sky, someone—a presence at least, watched him from above.
I can sense you.
Whoever was watching him was no noble lord of lady. Perhaps one of the servants? No. The curiosity and malicious, yet restrained intent, could not have been a servant.
Papero had no enemies among the commoners.
At least none that he knew of, and he was pretty sure he had none. But even had he enemies not of the nobility, what would be the chance?
Whoever was watching Papero had no idea that he was aware of his presence. Papero turned slowly and put his back to the marble railing and listened to the conversation below.
A normal person would never be able to make out the different voices and the words amidst fireworks popping off in the sky. But Papero was no normal person.
In order to seem completely normal, he reached and rubbed the back of his neck, then craned his head back as if he had a small ache that he was massaging.
That’s when he saw who was watching him.
It was a figure, clad all in black, wearing a hideous mask.
He did not react as that figure pulled back into the shadows. With nowhere to hide except inside that nook, the figure was probably still watching him as he smiled like a fool, as if he were simply daydreaming.
In this case, it was past midnight now.
That man…
He had not been Florencian. 
And there is no way that was a Lucian assassin. Very interesting.
Turning back around, he glanced out over the grounds and listened. 
“I don’t know if I can hold my temper around those Lucian dogs! What if I should become incensed because of a cruel joke or an ill jest at my expense in front of dozens of people?”
“I will be there,” the woman said.
“Will you, Angelica?”
Angelica…
Yes, Papero thought. Angelica Bronte of Florencia.
A sensible woman.
That figure in the dark receded. He must have slipped by while Papero wasn’t watching—using that opportunity while he thought he hadn’t been discovered.
Whoever that man was, his intentions were ill indeed.
Very interesting. 

It would never work. Empress Caelestinius was a dreamer—a fool. And so was that Emperor Justin, it seemed. It was quite unfortunate that Zanna was higher up in the noble line of succession than Kaisorra.
But not by a lot.
If she and her sister died, Kaisorra would be next in line. Almost. So close. A part of her wanted to hiss in fury—had hissed in fury upon learning of the Battle of the Dead Emperors.
Why could not all of the Caelstinius line have perished on that day?
She was sinking into one of those moods again. Instead of doing that, she put on a smile and ordered her servant to bring her some brandy as she watched the fireworks. They were quite lovely.
Tomorrow, she would enjoy herself.
Oh indeed. 
The proceedings were sure to be full of juicy moments of anger and emotion. Perhaps violence would even break out? 
But apparently Zanna and Emperor Justin had that all worked out. There were many distractions planned to keep the two noble societies from killing one another.
But will those distractions work?
Kaisorra smiled.
I will be ready if something breaks out. I will not be drawn into a bloodbath, to be remembered like that of the Dead Emperors.
Perhaps Kaisorra would have her turn to reign soon.
Had she been the Empress of Lucia, this parley foolery would not be taking place. Or… Perhaps it would. Perhaps her knights and mages would be lying in wait, to strike the Florencians down in their beds?
“Luca!” she called. “Do you have the wine, my love?”
“Yes, yes. I have it here.”
“You’re not still angry about what that little dour black rose said to you, are you?”
“What? No, of course not,” he said, shrugging with a face. “Where are the damn servants when you need them?”
Kaisorra laughed, a low melodic tinkle. “Never you mind about the servants. We want privacy now, anyway.”
“Yes!” He smiled. “How could I have forgotten?”

Dante knew—knew—that there were both lords and ladies among the two sides who wanted nothing more than a bloodbath. Their seething hatred ruled their hearts.
At times, Dante felt much the same.
Until he chose to disconnect from it all—to escape it through adventure so that he would not go mad. As a Duke of Florencia, he was high within the line of succession, and in a way, it was his duty to remain close by, to preserve the integrity of the royal throne should anything ever happen.
And yet he had left, had gone out on adventures. He had become the captain of his very own ship. At first, he had doubted what he had chosen to do, and yet he was happy to be away. 
In time, he grew to love the life he led.
But he still cared for Florencia.
And he was not unfeeling toward the Lucians and their own plights, many of which were brought on by Florencia, and many others brought down upon themselves.
Dante turned in his bed once again.
The fireworks seemed to never stop. Not that he minded them. He quite enjoyed the colorful spectacle. But much weighed on his mind.
At least he had somewhat of a tenuous ally in Lord Silvanus. 
As much as they were both sworn to fight the other, they had a common goal—to preserve life and to prevent a potential bloodbath.
I only wish I had more time to convene a council of Florencian and Lucian lords and ladies to ensure me and Silvanus’ aims for peace.
If there were other lords and ladies with similar goals, he wanted to meet them, Lucian or Florencian. 
It was in the interest of both empires to maintain peace, and if their rulers wanted those things, then it behooved the nobilities on both sides to enact such aims independent of their royal superiors.
Dante closed his eyes.
He did not sleep well.

Moaning, Emily trudged into her washroom where she had prepared herself a steaming hot bath. She needed to soak, to massage away the day’s hurts.
Gods, I’ve never worked so hard in my life!
She slipped her clothes off and stepped into the tub of hot water as fireworks exploded outside, casting soft plumes across her curtains. At first the water was too hot, but now, as the sensation of warmth traveled across her skin, she prickled with gooseflesh and shivered with delight.
She moaned again at how wonderful and relaxing it felt. She reached up and massaged the base of her scalp just above her neck as she closed her eyes.
Today, she had caught the young lord Nicholas Ardovani with a Florencian girl. The thought made her smile. But at the same time, she feared for them—for their forbidden love.
If the gods willed it, then this parley would go smoothly.
Perhaps they will be allowed to be together?
It was probably a fantasy.
Even though Emily was one to hope, she was not without a sense of realism and pragmatism. She was a maid, but she worked in the House of Gates, and so she was also a warrior.
She would fight if it ever came to that.
That was sensible.
Only time would tell what would happen. Even she did not know the true nature of this parley, but she felt something was amiss. 
Despite the summertime, the night air was cool and she had the window cracked open to allow in the fresh night air.
Even in the tub, she could smell the grass and the dew forming on the thick greenery of the gardens.
She opened her eyes, the water feeling only lukewarm now.
She had fallen asleep in the tub.
Rats.
Before she caught a chill, she got out, dried off with a towel of thick linen and slipped into her bed, ready for another day of hard work, and if need be, fighting with sword and sorcery.
Despite her efforts, she had enjoyed herself immensely today. When there were so many nobles at the House of Gates, the place felt alive and exciting.
And now there was also an air of tension and danger. She wasn’t used to that. It had been decades since the last altercation with the Florencians in this place.
Pulling the covers up to her neck, Emily breathed in deeply.
All will be fine.
There are many who think as I do, who will fight, not for themselves, but for the greater good. There are too many innocents here right now—women and children who do not wield swords or magic, who have no place in a bloody battle.
With her eyes closed, she realized she hadn’t drifted off to sleep easily like most nights. But she had certainly drifted off in the tub!
Why is it that when I want to sleep, I can’t?

With a bottle of exquisite wine in each hand, Leonardo chased Luna out of the House of Gates, both of them laughing as they ran unsteadily past the servants and guards.
“Come back here!” he called.
Luna turned, gave him an impish smile as she beckoned him with one finger. “You’ll have to catch me!”
They both laughed.
Then he lunged forward.
Luna screamed and ran.
Slippers crunching over the gravel walkway, Luna evaded him by circumnavigating the white marble fountain. But when he got close, she broke off and ran between the statue busts posted intermittently between the lampposts.
“You can’t run forever!” He slowed, tipped one of the bottles up and took a drink, spilling some of the wine over his cravat.
“You’ll never catch me like that.”
“Oh yeah?” 
“Certainly not!” She backed away, smiling mischievously at him.
Then it’s time to change my tactics.
He tossed away both bottles of wine onto the grass. “You better run.”
Luna laughed, turned and did as he bid her.
It didn’t take long for Leonardo to catch her, as she ran in her skirts, hiking them up to above her ankles, she was quite slow. But it was the chase most of all that Leonardo enjoyed.
He grabbed her by the waste. “Got you!”
They fell into the grass. Luna screamed as they fought playfully and laughed. And then the fireworks screeched into the air and exploded.
“Oh—goodness!” Luna said.
“It’s just fireworks.”
“Can’t you see the magic?”
“I am magic.”
She laughed at his stupid statement.  Then she turned her head to look at him and flinched slightly when she found his face right next to hers.
He leaned in for a kiss.
But then—frustratingly—she pulled away and got up. Luna glanced about. “This isn’t right.”
Damn!
“We need to be somewhere more suitable—more romantic.”
His spirits rose.
She seemed to spot something. “There!” she said, pointing. “Come, Leo!” She ran down a pathway through the gardens. It crossed over the cobbled road and went out into a field.
It was a gazebo.
Following her, she was about to step inside when Leonardo grabbed her. She looked at him as he turned her about half way between forceful and playful. 
Then he leaned in for a kiss.
Their lips touched—then she pulled from his grasp. “No,” she said. “I’m not ready, Leo.”
He followed her into the gazebo.
“Do not be afraid,” he said to her back. He went up behind her, his fingers traveling over her waste and around her stomach as he leaned in toward the side of her neck and kissed her there.
She reacted to his touch in a way that, had they been standing in front of a mirror, he would have seen her smiling.
Kissing her again and again, she said, “Oh, Leo.”
He travelled up her neck and onto her jawline. She turned around and he kissed her then. When he pulled away, she smiled, then leaned in and kissed him again, a peck of a kiss.
It’s a start, he thought.
The next time their lips met, he thrust his tongue out. She met him with hers, but then she mumbled something and pulled away. “No.”
He laughed, leaned in for another kiss, but she put her palms against his chest. Inwardly he snarled in frustration. “Too fast.”
He grabbed her from behind and pulled her forward, put his lips to hers. She pushed on him harder, squirmed and wriggled. “Leo! I said no!”
“Dammit!”
She backed away. 
He followed.
“I don’t want to see you anymore tonight. Not when you’re like this.”
“Like what?” he snapped.
Luna shook her head. “No. You’re drunk. This isn’t you.”
He moved forward, but she turned and ran outside the back of the gazebo and out into the grass.
“You damn wench!” he hissed, and chased her. Leonardo was about to grab her by the shoulder when Luna hit something.
She cried out and fell on her backside.
What in the bloody hells?
“Owe!” she cried, rubbing her forehead.
There had been something… magical in the air.
Leonardo stepped past her, reached out with his hand, expecting something to bite him. Then his fingers touched an invisible barrier, the magic there rippling and luminescent.
“What—what is it?” Luna asked, still on her backside.
“I… don’t know,” he said, completely baffled and somewhat alarmed both at once. Something inside him forewarned him that this was not good.

“Goodnight.”
Angelica Bronte smiled. “Goodnight, Lucius.”
With a final nod, he closed his chamber doors, leaving her standing in the corridor amidst the glow rock lamps. There were no guards here, so she was completely alone. She stared at his door for a moment.
Finally she signed.
They were good friends, Angelica and Lucius. She knew him well, and she was worried about him. Lucius had a temper and a deep seated hatred for the Lucians, through no fault of his own.
He had lost friends and family to the conflict.
It was normal to be bitter.
He’s a deeply feeling man, though. He’s more biter and resentful than most on this matter.
Angelica just hoped he didn’t do anything brash tomorrow. That was why she had determined, both internally, and verbally, that she would stay close to Lucius during all of this.
To help him should he lose control.
The fireworks were still going off in the distance. Angelica could barely hear them now as she turned and strode toward her own chambers, which weren’t far.
Perhaps it would have been wise for Emperor Justin to allow some lords and ladies to abstain from coming to this parley. 
But that had not been the case.
One does not refuse her emperor. If that happened, you would be branded a traitor, excommunicated and your lands and titles stripped—perhaps even put in prison.
During war time, measures were harsh—and with Florencia and Lucia, it was always war time.
Angelica reached her chamber doors and went into her rooms.

She wanted to sneak back to his chambers. Wanted to so bad.
Sicca glass stood in front of her window, the curtains drawn and the windows opened. As the fireworks cracked whined and exploded with colorful plumes and magical aesthetics, she placed a hand in front of her and looked at the moon with one eye. She moved her hand over the first moon, then away, then over.
She stopped and watched the fireworks with a heavy heart.
They were beautiful—more beautiful than she could ever experience them during any time in her life. They made Sicca think of Nicholas. And yet she cared not for the fireworks—only for him.
Part of her knew these feelings were silly.
And yet, they were all she cared about as her heart beat faster when she thought of her Lucian love. She was deeply worried they would never be together.
It was surprisingly easy to keep up correspondence, even with a Lucian. The two empires still traded and shared information, despite constantly bickering, fighting and going to war with one another.
It almost seemed like a sport.
That made Sicca angry and she clenched her fists.
Should I go to him?
It was a bad idea.
The Lucians were surely retiring to their chambers now. All would be quiet. Which meant less distractions to help conceal her if she should be spotted.
Even with her magicks, she still risked being caught—just like she had by that maid with the sword. Sicca was still uncertain if she intended to tell someone about them.
But a part of her knew that girl would not.
If she snuck into Nicholas’ chambers, his family would be nearby—and if she got caught, that would be the end of them together.
She would stay in her rooms.
Rustling came from the bed. “A long day awaits tomorrow,” her sister, Heliosa said. 
“I know,” Sicca said quietly.
“Come back to bed and sleep.”
“In a moment.”
Heliosa said nothing else.
After a little while, Sicca said, “What if you should fall in love with a Lucian lord?”
“What?”
“Tomorrow. We are to ‘intermingle’ as you well know, sister. What if you should be taken with a strapping Lucian lord?”
“Ha!” Heliosa scoffed. “Impossible. They’re all devils. We will probably kill each other tomorrow.”
“But what if…?”
“It’s not possible. I mean… it’s impossible that it could work out.”
“You could run away?”
“And be penniless? I’d kill him myself to keep from becoming poor. Now come to bed or you will regret it. There will be no Lucian lord for you, if you find yourself a wilted flower in the morning.”
Sicca accidentally let out a pained giggle, but stifled herself. Then she didn’t say anything for a while.
“Well, sister?”
Sicca glanced back toward the bed, then turned back to the window. In a quiet tone, she relented. “In a bit. I want to watch the fireworks for a while longer.”

“Um, my lord?”
“What is it, Hans?”
“There is—“ he cleared his throat—“there is one Damien Ash and some other nobles who are making a fuss in the grounds.”
The fireworks had died down now, and all was quiet.
Lord Adrian October knew what this was about. But Damien Ash? He was a particularly young and aggressive lord. He was well prepared to go out and meet them, but why did it have to be Damien Ash?
Adrian got up from his plate of food. “Very well.”
When he got outside, Damien Ash and a small gathering of his hangers-on, including Lady Portia and some other lesser nobles were forming in a group.
“There’s a barrier around the entire House of Gates! You don’t believe me? Go out and touch it as I have!”
“Can this be true?” Lady Portia said, her hands held together over her chest. “Oh, Lord October, you’ve come.”
“Indeed he has,” Damien said.
Looking at them, he said, “How can I assist you?”
“You are the Empress’ confident,” Lord Ash said. “I—no we—demand to know why a barrier has been erected over the House of Gates! Is this some trick to ensnare the Florencians? Or is it them that has cast this magic over us?”
“I assure you, that what you have experienced is no trick by either side. I also ask you to remain calm, Lord Ash.”
“Calm? I can’t leave the grounds, and I want to know why, General!”
“It is as our illustrious empress has decreed.”
“What?”
“How can this be?” Portia asked. “Why would she do such a thing?”
“Not without good reason,” Adrian said. “You will all learn of it tomorrow, as she—along with Emperor Justin, will be informing the entirety of the guests the following day.”
“What?” Lord Ash snapped. His face was going red now. “Is this some traitorous collusion with the Florencians?”
With a quick thrust of his arm and a pointed finger, Adrian said, “That’s treasonous talk and I warn you to be careful, Lord Ash.”
Ash snarled, but said nothing.
At least the vicious little fool knows when to keep his mouth shut.
“You are not to cause a commotion,” Adrian said. “These are the orders of Her Majesty the Empress.”
“And why not?” Lord Ash barked. “Am I not free to speak now?”
“Be careful, Lord Ash, or I will have you forcibly locked within your chambers.”
“Is that so?” Ash asked with a malicious grin, his eyes darting toward his hangers-on. “I have a large entourage, October.”
“It is so,” Adrian said. Weather Lord Ash was implying violence or not, Adrian stood his ground, unafraid. With the Lucian army here under his command, along with many mages and other nobles who would come to his aid, he was unafraid of Lord Ash’s tenuous threat.
“Go!” Adrian commanded. “All of you. Retire to your chambers.”
Lady Portia nodded and walked back toward the entrance while Lord Ash and his sycophants held their ground.
“Disobeying my command is tantamount to disobeying Her Majesty. I ask you to think carefully about your next action… or inaction.”
Slowly the group melted as Lord Ash’s underlings slunk away to do as Adrian had bid.
Finally Lord Ash made a loud noise between disgust and contempt. “Fine, Lord October. You win this time. But don’t think this is the end of this.”
He stalked back to the entrance as he held eye contact with Adrian, who followed him with his gaze until Lord Ash disappeared inside of the House of Gates.
With a sigh, he strode back inside.

With a contented smile, Soriana looked at herself in the mirror, cupped the undersides of her full breasts and pushed them up. Her new corset had nearly killer her, but at least it had made her look stunning.
But even now there were red markings on her skin. They would be gone before she went to sleep. She put on a house dress and sauntered out of her chambers. 
“Well,” she said. “That was a very interesting evening.”
“Indeed,” Brassian said from the sofa. “You missed half of the fireworks, sister.”
“This… ‘parley’ Empress Caelestinius has planned for us has just begun. There will be more, I assure you.”
“If you say so,” he said, then lifted his brandy up to his lips. He was still wearing all of his formal clothes and he had a sheen of sweat on his forehead.
“Did you just come back?”
“I did. The fireworks were much better from outside.”
“Where is mother and father?”
“Retired to their chambers, no doubt. It’s past midnight.”
She joined him on the sofa. In the hearth, a tiny fire crackled there, more for aestheticism rather than actual warmth. The night was cool, but not chilly enough to require a fire.
Regardless, Soriana enjoyed it. She glanced at the windows and called the servant before telling him to close them. She didn’t want someone from outside seeing them up here.
“I should change and get ready for bed.”
“Indeed,” Soriana said. “So what do you think will happen tomorrow?”
As he got up, Brassian laughed. “A lot of contention in the air. That is what I think will happen. If it doesn’t lead to some kind of bloodshed. But I hear the Empress and Emperor Justin have all kinds of distractions in store for us so we don’t do that.”
Oh gods…
She couldn’t help but smile with amusement at the very idea. “It seems… desperate.”
Brassian shrugged. “We will see, sister. We will see. Goodnight.”
“Goodnight.”
Soriana spent some time staring into the fire. She had actually quite enjoyed the day. She wished this ball or parley, or whatever it was, could continue, but after the Florencians were put into the mix…
Brassian was probably right.
With a heavy sigh that was not devoid of some frustration, she got up and headed to her chambers and her bed.

What would happen tomorrow? And the day after that? And on and on?
I’m… afraid of what I might do.
But fear was not Lucius’s  only emotion. He was furious. Near to snarling, he sat in front of his fireplace and honed his blade. If it came to violence, he would be ready.
On the sofa behind him, he had his rune-etched armor. It would deflect a blade attack, and possibly a magical one as well. But of course, that depended on the power of the magic.
Despite his anger and fear, his eyes were beginning to feel gritty. He needed to sleep. He should sleep, so that he was as prepared as he could be tomorrow.
But Lucius knew that even if he got into his bed, he would lay there, tired, but unable to drift off into unconsciousness. He had always had trouble sleeping.

From their chambers Lady Cassandra Constantine could see that bedraggled Duke Papero Braigo wandering about in the gardens. He seemed to enjoy the outdoors.
Then again, it almost seemed to Cassandra as if he were searching for something.
She was in her shift, and he had looked up at the House of Gates, but Cassandra kept the heavy curtains closed, only peeking out at the night fireworks. But now that they were almost all done, she only looked at the moon, and of course, that strange man she had met.
He seemed kind to her, mysterious even.
The day had been wonderful. There were so many beautiful ladies, bedecked in their finest dresses. The men too wore fabulous garments. There had been a feast and dancing, and even some children.
Cassandra did not think this event was one to bring children to, and yet the ball had been abnormally festive. This parley was nothing like the political function she thought it would be.
I should have brought finer clothes.
But it wasn’t her fault. Even her own parents and their friends were somewhat confused. They had expected some of the fine dining and even the dancing, but apparently what had been planned from the highest royal courts of both nations, was for both nobilities from Florencia and Lucia to come together and to…
To what?
Enjoy each other’s company? That didn’t seem likely, though had the Lucians not come, Cassandra would have called it a success so far. But tomorrow was supposed to be the big day.
It was announced, quietly, to all the lords and ladies in the form of decorative letters with the Empress’ personal seal, delivered by the maids from that strange High House Society. 
Cassandra understood that the maids were all noble born ladies and that their weapons were not only decorative. She never knew that before—even though stories about the House of Gates were not unknown to her.
Duke Braigo disappeared behind some ornamental shrubs on the other side of the grounds, far from the House.
What was he doing out there?
It was so odd to Cassandra. Maybe that’s why she wanted to learn more about him. But she would probably not get another chance to speak with him. He was a duke, far above her noble stature.
With a heavy yawn, she threw up her arms and stretched, her gaze instinctually going to where the large four-poster bed was. Her parents were in their own chamber across from hers, and aunt Hecate on the other side of the hall.
She climbed into her bed, both excited and apprehensive about the next day. She would have to meet and speak with Lucians. 
They’re the enemy.
Ever since her birth, and long before, the Lucians had ever been their enemy. What did the emperor think he was doing? And the empress of Lucia?
Could it be a trick—a trap of some sort?
Or did they truly want a lasting peace between the two empires?
Only time would tell.
As these thoughts roiled within the young lady’s mind, Cassandra slowly drifted to sleep.

Afterward
Thanks for reading House of Gates, Book One. Despite this project having a “prologue” and “epilogue,” this whole story is truly one large epilogue to a much longer story. I can easily see House of Gates reaching to at least a dozen books in similar lengths. Long, I know. But how else can I devote enough time to each of my characters from this massive cast? And to be honest, I’m not entirely certain we’ve even seen all of the viewpoint characters yet.
This book serves as a taste of the series going forward. As you can see, we have a very big caste and a larger than life setting. That makes this epic fantasy! But wait. The characters. They all have their own goals and motives. Most are serving themselves. That technically makes them anti-heroes. This book is a Sword & Sorcery—but it’s one of epic proportions, hence my tagline, “An Epic Sword & Sorcery.”
I’ve had House of Gates on my mind for some time. I’ve finally set to writing it, and will continue to do you, though I have other writing commitments, namely my other series, this one is going to be my big one! And in fact, this “series” is not really meant to be that at all, so when we’re all finished up, I’ll be adding each of the books into a single volume where they will serve as chapters in this epic.
There is much to come—much action and character development, and many, many romances. At its heart, House of Gates is also a romance novel and a drama.
I hope you’ve enjoyed the story.
Please consider rating and reviewing this book in an honest fashion on your platform of choice (or even all of them), because it really helps out a lot. I do not hold to buying ratings and reviews—a dirty tactic that is rife in indie publishing. I only want organic attention—real attention for this book.
Be sure to check out my other works in the meantime. I have several series with multiple volumes out there for you to read.
Until next time!
Lawrence Caldwell

About the Author
Lawrence Caldwell is believed by some to be a wandering samurai, or a vagrant, or possibly a ninja—though perhaps in his infinite mystery, he’s none of these things. Whichever the case, he wanders home as Odysseus did after the great Trojan War in some realm unbeknownst to our world. And—by direct theft of a quote from a certain dwarf named Varric Tethras—he “occasionally writes books.”

For discounts, updates on what I’m writing and when I’ll be releasing various titles, sign up to my newsletter or check out my goodreads profile where you can follow my author profile or ask me questions about my books!
