Humanity

Written by Levi Shipley
Cover Illustration by Jessica Rae


Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40
Chapter 41
Chapter 42
Over the Stars

Chapter One

One
	The wolves gathered together in the Sentinel.  The Leviathans, unhinged of a ruler to serve, have agreed to tolerate their presence but not actively help.  Having lost the youngest member almost a year prior, The Order is looking for recruits.  Not new werewolves, but strong hands and swift minds to help aid them in overthrowing the resisting governors.  The Leviathans promise to extend arms if the governors are suppressed, so the conquest is still in its diapers.
	Patricia Germaine sat across from them with Partheus by her side.  She funded most of the events along with a few other good benefactors.  Why she volunteered to be a patron was unknown to the five gathered around the door, but they appreciated it all the same, Partheus in particular.
	Outside the gargantuan structure that once housed a line of kings, an impressive line formed to join their cause.  Most were former Chrissenians and had a moral debt to repay, some would recall the tragedy Patricia had been included in, and the rest were variables.  The Order processed them, asking questions anywhere between what the volunteer's favorite pastime was and if they'd be willing to die for their endeavors.  This was one of many recruitment days.
	After Hodge sent away a pair of novian girls that were too young to serve, a young novian man with hair of neon white and height nearing that of a dwarf stepped up.  Salina interviewed him.  And, despite his impressive size for his race, his nerves were visibly shaken.  It was clear that he wanted to be admitted and that he feared rejection.  He claimed to be a mage in training and cast a fireball, hardly anything more than a spark, at the floor to prove it.  It was better than most could do.  His name was Xavier Pontius.
Two
	Xavier was sent to sit in the yard on the other end of the castle with the rest of those admitted and wait until the recruitment was over to be briefed and sent away until needed.  The people around him made small talk about how brutal the last winter had been and how mild this one was turning out to be.  He'd heard all of that before from a thousand other strangers, but then he caught something important. 
	An elf and a draken stood by the refreshment table on the outside of the canopy tent.  Their heads just high enough that their crests weren't struck by the slanted weak sunlight of this early winter.  The elf turned to the draken after finishing a cup of something and said, "Did you hear about the Dark Forest."
	The draken shook his head, and the green scales of his forehead glimmered blue for a moment.
	"I guess that after the Chrissenians left, things got strange there.  Real strange."
	"How's that?" Asked the draken.
	"People that go in never come back out.  It used to be perfectly safe to travel, just scary as hell.  But now there's something dangerous in there."
	"Or maybe it's so nice that no one wants to leave."
	"Maybe.  But I would think a few of them would come out to tell all of us how great it is.  It doesn't sit right with me."
	"I thought the woods were actually consumed with friendly magicks."
	The elf shrugged. "Not anymore."
	The draken glanced at Xavier and then beyond him.  The novian turned away.  He had forgotten that he was staring and did what he could to make himself look as though his gaze had only been passing over the two and not honed on them.  So occupied was he by this that he was the last to notice Partheus had come to make the day's announcements.
	"Thank you all for coming." Partheus said absently.  He carried a stack of papers with print on their front sides.  On the rears and between lines of text was a gray haze, scrap paper. "Please step forward and get your . . . we'll call it employee papers."
	And they all did.  Some even seemed to be eager, but the rest were nonchalant or touched with nervousness.  Partheus made no reaction to any of the recruits' attitudes, but he had memorized their names and thanked them individually as they went up.  He told them they were free to go home after that, and the waiting area emptied quickly.  He would turn in the direction of the old Leviathan barrack whenever he had the chance.  That was where The Order was and Miss Germaine, and Xavier found himself pondering why Partheus was so anxious to get back to them.
	Then it was Xavier's turn.  The thick stack of copier paper in Sallow's hands had deflated down to a loose bunch of sheets.  Partheus looked down at Xavier, who came only to the elf's thighs, not in the way one looks down at a child (which many did to novians) but in a way that said Xavier was just as big as anyone else.  Xavier reached up to get his copy, but Partheus held the sheets away.
	"Not for you." Said Partheus Sallow, former mayor of Chrissenia, in his most political voice. "I need to speak with you after the rest have come up."
	So Xavier stood to the side while the remaining recruits got their briefing.  They looked at him the way classmates look at another who has been called to the principal's office.  The red sun hung halfway over the horizon, and the golden crystal plating of the Sentinel gleamed in a way that would have been beautiful if it weren't so annoying.  As the night's chill began to sink into Xavier's skin, Partheus finished with the last and rolled up the remaining few papers.
	"Ok, follow me." He began toward the barrack, and Xavier followed wordlessly.
Three
	The barrack had a different feel to it now than it had before, solemn and important.  Maybe that had to do with it being dusk, or perhaps the lack of people made it so.  Either way, Xavier suspected that he was brought here for something important or something insignificant, nothing in between.
	To Xavier's left was the one he recognized as Salina talking to Miss Germaine, an exceedingly wealthy heir to the Germaine fortune.  Though he admired Salina's appearance, he dared not look long.  There was a certain danger in staring at a woman who could pop your skull off your neck with her thumb.  To his right was Arthur, a red headed man with a bizarre accent, and his wife Marianna.  Hodge, their leader, stood in front of the wall where Partheus and Patricia had been sitting earlier.  Nelrene, Hodge's wife, was nowhere to be seen.  His arms were folded over his chest, and though he was not smiling he had an air of happiness around him, of satisfaction.  They looked to Xavier like novians but were as tall as elves.  They were in their human forms.
	"Xavier," Hodge let out and unfolded his arms as if they had been holding in his words. "I hear good things about you." Partheus kept moving as Xavier stopped.  He opened a trashcan and sighed as he dropped the extra briefings into it.  Then he walked to Salina and Patricia and became lost in whatever conversation they were having.
	Xavier looked up at the man. "I haven't done anything yet."
	"I saw that flame earlier today.  That's a great start.  I assume you haven't been practicing magic for very long."
	"Just a month, sir."
	"You shouldn't even be able to spell 'flame' yet."
	"Thank you."
	"And your head doesn't swell at every compliment." Hodge looked over his shoulder as if he were checking a clock. "Keep working on that, got it?  We don't have access to the Leviathans' wizards, but they would be a great help.  You will be a great help." He reached into a pocket and pulled out a white laminated card. "This is a train pass, good for the next year." He handed it to Xavier. "I want you to go to Harkem in a week and meet me there.  Next Solday at dusk I'll be taking you and a group of other promising mages to a sort of training ground.  Bring a few pairs of clothes.  We'll probably be there a couple days."
	"You're a wizard?" Xavier asked as he carefully slipped the card into a pocket of his own.  The thing felt heavier than it really was as if the weight of its meaning was affected by gravity.
	"That's a detail." Hodge said.  There was a pause and he seemed to study the new recruit for a few moments.  Then he waved a hand and yawned for the sake of ceremony. "Well, you're free to go home.  Nothing more for today." As Xavier passed the threshold of the door, Hodge repeated. "Next Solday, the sixteenth, at dusk.  Harkem, remember that."
	Xavier went home.

Four
	Hodge turned to Arthur, and they shared a knowing glance.  Then Hodge said, "There was something off about him.  The way he smelled.  No, the way he didn't smell."
	"He was cloaking it." Arthur replied in his still very much alive British accent. "He's young, maybe twenty.  But novians age well, so I guess he could be thirty."
	"What do you think?"
	"I think he learned magic just for that.  I remember being a boy.  I reeked.  If magic had been available to me, I'd have cloaked my stench too."
	Hodge nodded and rolled his shoulders, not quite a full-blown shrug.
	"You remember how big male deodorant was when we left." Arthur waited for another nod. "It's the same here."
	"He's getting himself into deep waters because of it."
	"But, it isn't as if we're not training him."


Chapter Two

One
	Xavier unlocked the door to his apartment.  The clicking of the tumblers always sounded unsettling to him, as if he could hear the echo of them bounce off an intruder that had beaten him home.
The door swung open, and behold, there were no invaders waiting for him.  What a surprise that was.  He stepped in and closed the door shut behind him.  He left the lights off, and fumbled to find the switch.  He banged a knee into the coat hanger that he never used and flipped the switch as he wretched over to grab the throbbing joint.
He looked at the room and a half that was his home, a barren place he neglected to fill with little trinkets and the like that made such spaces homes.  Or perhaps that was the job of family.  He had neither, but this would have to be a home even so.  He set his keys on the clean coffee table and then sat on the stainless couch.  He beheld the blank wall before him, where once a television sat that a former tenant chose to bring with.
He sat up and walked to the fridge, opening it without thought.  A bottle of nearly spoiled milk sat on one tray.  Below it was a leftover sandwich from the day before.  He grabbed both of these items, thereby emptying the underworked cooling unit, and sat back down on the couch.  He took the foil off the sandwich and looked at the soggy bread and lettuce for a moment before biting in.  There had been a tomato slice the day before, but whatever flavor in it there had been departed overnight.  The ham kept its taste, the horseradish more so.  The milk was on the verge of smelling, and Xavier could detect the way the milk was trying to separate.  But for now it wouldn't make him sick, and he could finish it before it would.
Downstairs someone was yelling at someone named Fran.  It almost seemed to come from the coffee table.
As he finished the leftover sandwich, a fog of exhaustion settled over him.  It took away his appetite more than the vanishing food did, and it made Fran sound annoying.  She should apologize for whatever, or maybe the other should.  Either way, Xavier became too tired to leave the couch and tell them so.  He rolled onto his side and stared at the backrest.  It was red at first with a dark stain.  Then it was maroon with a stain, and a few seconds after that it was all black.
Two
In his dream he was wandering through an opaque wood that could only be the Dark Forest.  He couldn't see anything but somehow managed to avoid the trees.  Behind him he heard rustling, snapping twigs and heavy steps.  He was being followed by something that didn't care about stealth.  He could hear the breathing of many burdened creatures, and the trees seemed to sigh as he passed.  And in the farthest reaches of his hearing, he thought he heard whispering.
He awoke staring at the table.  Sunlight from a window fell on him and with it realization.  He scurried over the couch and looked down over the other side.  There was his alarm clock, the faithfully evil device, never set.  And he was late, not by much just yet, but soon he would be.
Xavier ran to the closet bathroom, pulling his clothes off on the way as quickly as he could.  He turned the water on in the shower and jumped in without waiting for it to warm.  The icy water met his skin, and he began yelping and gasping for breath.  He haphazardly used his shampoo and soap at the same time in hopes that he could perform both cleaning rituals at once.
He stepped out of the shower, and the cool air that struck him felt heated compared to where he'd just come from.  He'd left one towel in the room and was thankful for it.  He dried and used it as a kilt while he ran into the main room and sorted through his pile of clean clothes.  The process took only a few moments, but to him felt like another hour had passed.  On with the pants, on with the shirt, and on with the socks.
He rushed out of the room, locked the door and took a few leaping bounds before spinning around and running back.  Now was not the time to be forgetting to brush one's teeth.  He ran back in and cleaned his ivories.  Out the door again, he locked up and flew downstairs.
It would have to be cold that day.  The mild temperatures and sunshine decided to depart on the morning Xavier forgot a jacket, had no time for it.  The air stiffened his face and burned his lungs.  A cool sensation wrapped itself around his legs, and his teeth began to chatter while he ran.  His moist hair froze over and slicked itself.  It hadn't been this cold since last winter, and no one wanted a repeat of that, Xavier included.
Three
He trotted into Saint Braun and jogged down a hall.  Erica, the head nurse, raised her thick eyebrows and giggled at him as he ran past her station.  She shuffled some papers as another nurse, who seemed unaware of his scrambling, approached her with a clipboard and used it to whisper something to Erica with lips concealed.
Xavier pushed open the door of the janitor's room.  An hour late was bad, but he supposed it could be worse, and he could always work a bit faster to compensate.
Sam Petron, an elf and fellow janitor, was sitting on a metal chair in the corner of the room and sipping on a cup of the awful coffee he made every morning.  Under his dark mustache which brushed the edges of his mug with every drink, was a grin.  He appeared on the verge of spitting out the latest haul of joe.  Next to him was a counter with his coffee pot, a microwave, and a set of cabinet drawers above and a sink below.
He set the cup on the counter and looked up at Xavier.  His grin remained, and cooling coffee hung in his cookie duster.  He stood up, turned back to the cup and finished it off.  He dropped it into the sink and headed for the door.  As his hand turned the flat handle, he turned to Xavier who was now attaching his name tag. "To be young." He said in a voice that was faint and far away, as if it was trying to reach into the past and take his youth back. "Those were the days." He left the room, still talking. "Staying up late.  Never mattered.  Having all the (too faint to hear) on my arms.  It . . ." And the rest, if he was still going on, was too muffled for Xavier to hear.
There was a note on the tag folder addressed to Xavier.  It was bad enough that he was late, but extra work would make this a busy day.
Xavier,
We had an incident this morning when a few kids got ahold of a gurney and rode it around the 3rd floor.  They knocked over some vases by the janitor's closet, spilled whatever food they had by Dr. Walst's office, and chucked up whatever food they already ate in front of the cleric station before we were able to nab them. : ) -Erica
P.S. We need you to clean that up.  Sorry : (
That all sounded about right.  He grabbed a mop bucket from a closet down the hall and went to an elevator.  He pressed the up switch and watched the little electric sign go from 5D to 4D and wondered why in such a well-to-do city there were no service elevators for the maintenance crew.  It stopped at 3D and again at 2D.  Both of these were longer than the previous stops; people were boarding and dropping off.  And then it just stayed at 2 for what seemed like minutes.  Someone was holding up the elevator, probably shooting the breeze and jamming their arm into the space between the doors.
Then the steel box made its descent, the red text changing from 2D to 1D.  There was an affirming beep just before the door slid open and released a greasy ogre in a business suit.  The man's skin was teal, which was a sick color for ogres.  He wore an enormous sweat stained three piece which was all brought together by an orange tie with a green stain below the knot.  He ambled out of the car, reeking of death and surely headed for the E.R.  But instead he clumsily trudged out a door and into the light of day.
Xavier stepped into the elevator and pressed 3.
Four
If Erica was good at anything, it was exaggerating.  The garbage strewn mess he expected was nothing more than a few wrappers and soda cans.  He cleaned these up and looked for the elusive vomit he'd read so much about.  Not finding any, he laid his mop against the wall by the cleric station and let the bucket slip from his hands and drift to a stop.
He walked into Walst's office.  There was a little waiting room outside that couldn't possibly be blander in which an aged novian woman sat with her purse tucked into her lap as if it might contain her heart.  Xavier walked up to the sign in counter and stood on his toes; the girl behind it was shuffling some papers.
"Hello, Carnith." He said even though she did not know him well.  He waited for a reply.
Her deep socketed elven eyes looked at him levelly, and she smiled and leaned forward. "How can I help you," There was a pause.  It was brief, but Xavier knew it was because she'd forgotten his name, or at least it slipped by for a moment. "Xavier?"
"I don't know if you were here for it or not, but I guess some boys caused a ruckus earlier." He dropped from his toes and popped his ankles.  For a moment, Carnith was out of sight and all that could be seen was the white counter side and the junk stuck to its underside.  He raised up again, unaware that he was smiling. "I came to clean it up, but my 'briefing' made it sound a lot worse.  Did someone already start on it?  And if one of them lost their breakfast, I should probably find it before we break health codes."
"I don't think anyone beat you to it." Her hands slipped back and she began paper clipping little bundles of documents together.  Walst burst through the door next to her and asked for a 'Dara Henner.' The novian woman looked dazedly at the doctor and then went to him and was lost behind the door.  Carnith went on, "Doctor Walst took care of the vomit himself.  The kid used a trash can, and he went out, tied the bag, and told one of them to throw it in the bin out back when Security took them away.  You might have to put a new bag in, but otherwise it's done."
Xavier nodded, and his feet decided that that made him feel heavier.  He grunted and concealed it by clearing his throat. "Thanks Carnith.  And tell Walst I thank him as well."
"Don't worry, and I'll be sure to."
He doubted she would actually do that, but that wasn't his responsibility.  Xavier went back into the hall.  His calves wanted to cramp, but thankfully the tightening sensation passed.  He checked the garbage cans, and sure enough one of them was empty.  He made sure no one tossed their coffee cups in it or gum.  Seeing it at least look clean, he took a bag from a holster on the side of his mop bucket, unfolded it and aired it out.  On his toes again he stretched the bag over the metal cylinder's rim.
He looked left and right and couldn't see any more messes.  He rubbed the space between his eyebrows and walked toward the window.  The glass was thick but almost as transparent as a vacuum.  Outside he could see the ogre from before hurling in a bush on the other side of the street, and a woman next to him seemed to be coaxing him to the hospital.  There was a school a few blocks beyond them, and Xavier could see a few of the children outside for recess.  And beyond that was a sparse stretch of suburb and then wilderness.
He heard footsteps behind a corner and picked up his mop.  Best not to look lazy.  He made for the elevator, as it was his turn today to wipe the basement floor.  It was almost always deserted, so he enjoyed the time it gave him to think unimpeded.  The steps closed in and changed from echo to direct.  Xavier turned to throw a smile at whomever might be wandering the hall that morning.  When he saw her, his hands coated themselves in a thin layer of sweat, his legs locked up, and his ears suddenly heard the pounding of his heart, a deliberate and conking thing.
Five
Salina stared at him as if she had been watching him through the wall, and he supposed she might have.  Her clothes were much too large for her and helped accentuate her beauty about as much as a car accident helps tune up an engine.  But her face was exquisite, and it locked Xavier in place.  He prepared to hand back his train pass, remembered that he left it at home, and then scrambled through his inner working to find a way to say that best.
She stood next to him and leaned down.  Xavier could see the outline of her chest and pulled his eyes up as quickly as he could; he had to remember the skull popping.  His heart began to beat in arrhythmic patterns.
Then a flood of soothing senses washed over him, and Xavier could no longer understand why he was getting so worked up.  His smile broadened through great effort, and he gave her a recognizing nod.  That wasn't the right one, he would later think.  This wasn't seeing an acquaintance pass you on the street.  There was business here.
Maybe she saw his discomfort, because she straightened her back after his nod.  Though she herself didn't appear very pleased with looking so far down on someone. "Pontius was it?" She crossed her arms.
He said yes in his mind, but his lips didn't move.  He bit whatever nerve was holding his tongue with a quick series of "man up" phrases that passed through him. "Yes." He said out loud. "My first name is Xavier.  Whichever you want to use.  Not really fond of my last name." His eyes darted to the right like a convict's.  He didn't want to look this shaken.
"How long have you been practicing magic?  I don't remember what Hodge said."
The change in subject brought his eyes back to hers. "A month.  Closer to six weeks."
"Most people take a while before they can really begin to use it.  You were already able to conjure up fire." Sunlight bounced from her green eyes, and they shone with curiosity.
He pulled his hands up like a man looking at the bloodstains he's given himself, inspected them, and let them drop to his sides. "A spark is hardly a fire."
"And a snowflake is hardly the Arctic." She saw his head cock to the side. "Or a harsh winter, if you're more familiar with that.  And I imagine you have to be.  But it's a part of it, the first block." She squatted down in front of him, resting her arms on her knees and observing his face. "You must have had, or do have, a wonderful teacher." Her eyes narrowed until there was nothing but green and a speck of black in the center. "Which is odd considering that you need to be in the military or have an expensive license to learn magic legally."
Xavier's left hand found his sternum while the other went up. "I've been mostly self-taught." His hands returned to his sides. "And there's no law or license that says you can't self-teach magic." He felt her suspicion and wished it away.  Xavier didn't want Salina to distrust him.  He liked her, and he wanted her to at the very least consider him a friend, but this conversation was beginning to feel most unfriendly. "I . . . I guess I'm just picking it up fast, then.  I don't know what else to say."
The elevator door opened and he stepped in.  He pressed the plastic circle with a B in the center and watched the letter light up red.  He shrugged at Salina in the hall, and then she too entered the car.  His heart sank when she did.  Xavier supposed there were men that would kill to be alone with her, but as it was she was the last person he wanted to be alone with.

Six
They began to descend, and the screen above the floor panel changed from 3D to 2D and so on.  At both the second and first floor, Xavier hoped the door would open and she'd get off.  But it kept on smoothly rolling to the basement.  Salina was silent and faced forward, but he could feel her staring with her thoughts.  He wondered if a hospital was safe enough for him.
The door opened.  Xavier held the door subconsciously as Salina followed behind.  The lights were off, and flicking them on revealed the dust and grime the other janitors had left.  He sighed, Dante clearly hadn't cleaned the place the week before.  More work for him, and more time to spend with the werewolf.
He found the maintenance closet and pulled out all the tools he would need.  Salina propped herself against a pillar and crossed her arms.  Her eyes drilled into his back, and her silence was eerie.  Xavier went on with the cleaning as if she were nothing more than a cardboard cutout.  Hopefully she wouldn't decide to plaster the wall with his bones.  He didn't think she was unhappy exactly, so maybe it wouldn't come to that.
Seven
He began on a storage room that had been filled with metal folding chairs since time immemorial.  The room was dusty and covered in webs, not cleaned since his last turn a month ago.  He smelled something pungent, stale beer.  Someone had fun in this room but didn't bother to clean it up.
Xavier turned the light switch on, but the room stayed unlit.  A chair fell with a harsh clang, the sound of scuffling feet, and the hair on his neck stood on end.  To him he felt like he was in a bad horror film.  The room he shouldn't enter was right there, but like all those paid actor morons he stepped inside.  At best, it was a rat.  At worst, at least Salina was there.
His eyes began adjusting, and he saw the outlines of all the chairs and what wasn't a chair.  Curled up facing the wall was a figure draped in a blanket sewn together from old jackets.  It began breathing heavily as Xavier approached.  Long dark hair matted with mud fell in straggles down its back.
"Hey!" Xavier said, wishing he'd just called Security instead. "This room is restricted to employees." And he knew the man, or woman, whatever it was knew that.  Had to say it anyway, because that's just what you're supposed to do. "No parties and no free boarding."  The slumped breathing pile didn't budge, so Xavier followed the footnotes of any B horror film character and went to grab the shoulder.  Now the thing revealed itself to be an elf, though with its odor and general lack of hygiene, it might have been better described as an overgrown rat.  It was on Xavier in a flash and began bludgeoning him with an empty bottle, all the while screaming "I ain't going!" even though it came out "Ahh in geen!"
There was a painful thump on his head, and Xavier's vision departed.  He could feel his mind and eyes struggling to cling onto sight, but it was like trying to fight gravity.  He simply fell into darkness.

Chapter Three

One
He woke up in a bed.  Something that felt like gauze was wrapped around his head, but thankfully they hadn't stripped him down and thrown a ridiculous gown on.  A plastic brace was on his nose and made him breathe with a whine, so he switched over to mouth.
"I don't understand men's pride." Salina said to no one. "Why you can't just ask for a woman's help when you need it is beyond me, and I guess it always will be."
"You got him then?" It hurt his nose to talk, but he ignored it.
"You're a half pint, and you're no grand wizard yet.  Were you planning on handling that with your brute strength?"
He sighed and was surprised that his nose didn't object. "We both know I wasn't thinking at all.  That's how people get into trouble." He tried to tap his temple, but feeling the wrap, he rubbed it instead.
"I'm sorry for calling you a half pint.  Now that I think of it, that's kind of racist.  Still though, if I hadn't been there."
"Most of my people are quarter pints.  Half pint is accurate.  And thanks.  I think if we took a tally though, I'd still be the one owing you."
The subject seemed to bore her, and she moved on. "Since you're just relaxing, let's talk."
He objected on the inside but was in no position to refuse her. "You have the floor, just tell me when to step in." He consented.  And from the corner of his eye, he thought he saw a smile.
Two
They talked about The Order and where things were headed with them.  He asked her about her home, and she his.  She went into almost no details about her home other than that it was another world, one filled with people like her and the other werewolves.  He described his hometown of Bellshire, and by the time he was done explaining that alone, Salina knew more about him than all his coworkers.
Nurses came in and out, checking his cognitive function and asking about the attack.  Time moved on, and he became transfixed.  After some time, Erica walked in with hands nearly glued to her face in horror.  She told Xavier that she had him signed out and that he could take the rest of the week off.  He only asked how the elf had managed to stay in the basement so long, and that, she did not answer.
He was released, and Salina went her own way.  He watched her walk an opposite direction once they got to pavement.  She walked up to something long and black which was embedded between two cement slabs.  Pulling it out with ease, Xavier realized it was a sword.
As he walked home, he thought about her visit, almost preeminently reminisced over it.  Was she looking after him?  He doubted that very much.  More than likely it had something to do with him being one of the mages in training.  It only made sense that she would go around and scrutinize them.  Learning magic was no common task.  Keeping an eye on them couldn't hurt.  In his case it was saving.	
Three
Xavier sat on his couch and stared unhappily at the bare table before him.  His stomach hollowed out and took to scolding him about it.  He turned and looked at the fridge, no food there.  He walked back to the door.  He didn't feel like going out, and his head began throbbing.  He took one look at the coat hanger, an urge to smash it welling up, and left.
The alarm didn't go off that next morning, but he was glad for that this time around.  The bare table greeted him a good morning.  He felt eyes and isolation smother him and in an instant was convinced he was a part of a lab experiment.  Then the wakeful nonsense thoughts vanished, and he stretched and rubbed the pixie dust out of his eyes.
If he had the rest of the week to get down to Harkem, he was going to do so moseying.  He gathered up some of his clean clothes and stowed them into a backpack.  He didn't own a suitcase or carry-on, and they'd be too bulky for him anyway.
Four
Traffic was light on Main Street, and he only got his feet stepped on twice as he walked to the station.  Behind him was the golden bastion, but it was of no concern today.  The train pass in his back pocket felt weighty like an extra wallet.
He jumped in line at the station.  He wanted to board a train for Redora, an old residence of Cecil Fauden, the only werewolf he was aware of who had the unique experience of dying.  As he waited for those ahead to get themselves situated on the locomotive, a wind from the north started up and pushed against the bag strapped to his back.  It flowed over the pack and whirled around his legs.  Above it pushed the hair at the base of his skull and pushed icicles into his spine.  Winter was coming.
The train slowed when it came to the Bishop tunnel.  A year beforehand there had nearly been a derailment when some of the mutants in the tunnel were mowed down by a passenger train.  Since then, the Leviathans had come and exterminated the vile things.  But news reports claimed that the soldiers cleared out far less than expected and that the grotesque things may have migrated.
The others slid blinds over their windows to hide their faces from the mutants, even though they'd been cleared.  It was almost tradition among riders to do this, and so they went on doing so every time the tunnel came up.  Xavier kept his up, trying to fight the darkness to catch a glimpse at anything he could, but light from the cab kept his eyes from dilating.
A stewardess walked down the aisle with a drink tray.  The bottom legs of the steel server came out wider than the top tray, and seeing the brown surface of a coffee shake, Xavier understood why.  The woman was an ogre.  She was in the two hundred to two hundred and fifty pound range, so she was rather petit.  Still though, her burly arms struggled to fit into the sleeves of her uniform, and her slacks seemed to be filled with rigid watermelons.  A male ogre two seat in front of Xavier grabbed her ass as she passed him.  Xavier watched with amusement as she blushed, gasped, and then slapped the cheek seeker with a zealous hand.  The man said something about it only being a compliment, but even he couldn't believe that completely and shut up after.  Xavier lowered his head and turned toward the window, concealing his grin and holding in a chuckle as she walked by.
Light flooded in from the windows, and the cab's artificials blinked out.  A tug pulled everyone toward the back, but it was only slight and the iron horse fastened its pace.
He could see foothills pop up under the actual mountains.  A lightly forested area and a trailed knoll stood out among the rest of the less outstanding area.  Xavier wasn't quite sure, but he thought he spotted two little specks on the hillside that might have been people.  He knew it was a bit early to be going to the point, so he decided they must be having a picnic.  Or someone is getting murdered, or those are only tree stumps.  You haven't a clue which.  And thus sayeth the all-knowing and ever critical subconscious.
Five
Compared to Fraushein, Redora might have been deserted.  The streets weren't paved with red brick but with dirt compacted by years of walking on.  Nothing was made of crystal or reflective glass, or even steel.  Wood and brick composed all the buildings, and it was as if the town lived a hundred years in the past.  The sidewalks were made wooden planks, and more than a few of these had a visit from termites.  There were vacant buildings with boarded up doors and cobwebs in the windows.  The people meandered about without much concern or rush, and in that regard the place was divinely tranquil.
Xavier found a store shortly after walking into the town proper.  His stomach was ready for round two from the previous night and demanded he go in and buy something to tide him over.  He pushed the double door open as a bell chimed over his head.
Inside was a wild assortment of products.  To his right along the wall was a line of cooling units with everything from soda and water to milk, cheese, and pepperoni.  Beyond that was a glass sneeze guard and what looked like a deli/bakery.  At the end of every aisle was a plastic barrel painted to look wooden, a few empty, a few full of red or blue plastic golf clubs or flying discs.  There were snack lanes and cleaning ones beyond all that, but Xavier didn't bother to venture that far.
He walked into a checkout lane and picked out a bag of beef jerky from the lane's shelf.  Below the jerky was a sign that read "AS SEEN ON TV!" with an array of hoaxes scattered underneath that would never perform like they did on their commercials.  He put the bag on the counter, and a red haired novian girl rang it up and bagged it.
Her blazing eyebrows furrowed at him, and she asked, "Are you visiting?"
Xavier nodded.
She reached under the counter and withdrew a figurine of an elf heighted novian with the sword Salina carried on his back. "Did you know Cecil Fauden used to work at this very store?" Xavier had a feeling that that was supposed to come out in a more exciting tone than it did. "In fact, he was the assistant manager!" Some effort into that one. "It makes a great souvenir for only seven troths."
"No thanks." He pulled the leather trifold free of his back pocket. "The jerky will do for now."
She tossed the trinket unceremoniously under the counter and the two of them finished the transaction.  Xavier looked behind and noticed that no line was going to form for some time.  He opened the jerky, took a bite and looked at the cashier. "So I take it he's well known here?"
She looked over him, perhaps hoping that line would begin. "Mmhmm." She coughed. "Excuse me." She began swiveling back and forth on her stool. "A hometown boy.  I mean, he was only here for a year or two I guess.  I wasn't old enough to work back then, so I wasn't up on rumors.  But I guess he sort of just showed up one day.  Cornelius said he came from the grasslands.  Beyond that it's just desert.  Everyone liked him.  And then one day he left on a vacation, and . . . well," She shrugged, "was gone just as abruptly as he came." The girl smiled and laughed through her nose. "It was kind of comical though, because Cornelius- oh I should mention that he's the owner."
"I got that."
"Apparently there was a big shipment of potato chips.  And without Cecil around, he was in a panic.  No one knew where he went off to until the news reports talked about what happened at the Capitol."  Someone with a cart came up behind Xavier, and he nodded to the girl and left.
Six
When he stepped on the sidewalk, Xavier gazed northward toward Bishop.  On the other side of that mountain was cold air, but here winter still seemed so very far away.  Another bite of jerky, and he kicked up the dusty earth with one sneakered foot.  A puff of dust rose in a wedge out from under him before drifting south in whatever little current there was.  Winter had not forgotten Redora.
By the time he found a motel, his bag of jerky had shrunken to an airy plastic bag with an oxygen eater tucked inside.  He ditched it by the front door of "The Rest Stop" in a garbage can that he felt obligated to change.
The place had twenty four rooms, or at least it had twenty four windows to make him think that.  The outside was painted white, chipped in spots to reveal wood, and smelled of pine.  Above the front door was a wooden sign with metal letters embedded within which made up the name.  The sign faced forward, and the iron of it was foaming red with rust.  Most of the shingles were still in place, but here and there were disappearances in the rain protectors.  The gutters broke away from roof on the right side and sank to the ground out of its own weight.  Xavier stepped inside to the sound of another chiming bell.
A dwarven man with hair as fiery red as a novian's sat behind a plywood counter on a metal stool with a skeletal back support.  He was stroking his thick beard and staring happily at the wall opposite of him where a large mirror hung.  Behind him was a wall of corkboard with little pins stuck into it and numbered keys hanging from these.  Beside this was a tin sign which read "We won't refuse service to anyone unless (insert crackpot reason here)."
Xavier took a few steps toward the counter, and the floorboards creaked.  The dwarf turned to Xavier. "Need room and board?  If so, you've come to the right place.  Wrong place if ya want entertained." His voice was like that of a thirteen year old boy's who has just begun his long and awkward journey to being a man; it was unfitting.
"Just for the night." He replied after processing the hairy child in front of him.
Seven
When he had his things settled in room nine, his stomach had forgotten the beef jerky.  Tension built up between his temples, as a hunger headache began to coalesce.  Xavier was exhausted from the traveling, but he left the motel and found a diner called Steaks For Goodness Sakes.
He stepped into the coffee stained soul of a brand of restaurant that was dying out.  In Redora, it belonged just as much as a spine belongs in a back.  Red leather booths were lined along the windowed front wall and similar style barstools all the way up the long counter.  The tables were checkered with black and white diamonds.  Behind the counter was a glassless window that saw into the kitchen.  A turn wheel with order slips hung down from the opening, but no one was in to be waited on except for a shepherd canid sitting at the far end of the counter listlessly eating the last of his fries.  An ogress behind the bar with a cleaning rag on her shoulder had her elbows resting on the countertop with head nestled in palms.  She was looking at the canid and having some sort of lighthearted conversation.  As she spoke, her haggard arms shifted and made her seem like an ancient raisin with grey skin.
Xavier ambled up onto a stool with only a slight struggle.  The steel under him moaned to do its job, and the ogress turned to him and seamlessly paused her chat with the other patron.  There was a chest pocket on her shirt from which she withdrew a pad and pen. "What can I getchya, hun?" Her voice was as tired as her body.
"A cheeseburger and . . . a water."
"Anything ta go with that?"
It had been some time since Xavier had gone out and gotten a burger instead of scrounging on bland sandwiches.  He knew what a place like this served, but it took him a moment even so to consider. "Some onion rings.  And if it isn't too much trouble, throw some bacon on that burger."
She smiled, causing her face to cave in and fold wrinkles over more wrinkles. "That sounds more like it.  Joey loves makin' them burgers sizzle with pig hide." She clicked the pen's font and clipped it to her shirt pocket. "Anything else?"
Xavier bit his lip to make it appear as though he might want more, even though he wouldn't fathom it. "No, that should be it." The ogress replaced her notepad, tearing off the page with Xavier's order on it and stamping it down on the ledge of the kitchen window.  An ogre that might have been her brother stepped forth from behind a pantry, took one careful look at the slip and walked away.
Xavier turned his head and made a sweep of the diner.  As his line of sight passed over the canid, their eyes met and the man turned away.  He and the ogress went back to small talk, while Xavier's eyes rested on the dusty street beyond the windows.
The canid stood up and laid his payment on the counter.  He'd been sitting on a grey hooded jacket and slung it over his shoulder.  He nodded to the ogress and walked out the door.  The metal of it scraped against the cement floor for an instant as it closed shut behind him.  Xavier heard the wind while the door was open and knew it had picked up.
"So I haven't seen you around town before.  Traveling, or am I just going senile?" The sound of her voice seemed far off, like she was talking to him from the general store.
He looked up at her and let the examining of the backs of his hand go for another time. "Oh I'm," High pitched and strained, he cleared his throat again, "I'm going to Harkem."
"Well, that's nice.  Do you have family down there?"
He wanted to say he was seeing friends, but he thought it would sound fake. "Yes." He said uncomfortably and nodded.  He dug through his mind to find a subject to change to and found one he was fairly certain would grab her attention. "So I heard Cecil Fauden used to live here.  Did he ever eat here?  The store seems to be using him as a tourist attraction."
"Eh," Her throat rattled.  She had been a smoker at some point in her life, still perhaps. "Because he did work there, they can squeeze that out." She took the rag from her shoulder and laid it under the counter somewhere. "Saw him pass by a few times, but no, he never came in here.  I don't think he ever ate, which makes sense I suppose considering what he was."
Xavier mulled this for a few seconds.  Then replied, "I would never know the difference.  You guys could cash in on it.  They tell good stories about him, and it won't be long before they make a movie out of it."
Her jaw shifted, and it sounded as if she were grinding bits of gravel between her gums. "Dahzir was an oppressor.  So I can see why he's a tale." She peered out the window into the street.  A group of adolescent elves were walking up the road toward the store. "Tourists will believe anything if it's sold to them right.  They're lookin' to escape as it is, and adding a few stints to a story flies by them.  But ya can't fool the hometown fans, which are our reliable bread and butter.  Fickle tourists can't keep us runnin' in the winter."
He looked back down at his hands.  Something about her honesty made him feel guilty looking at her face. "Well, I'm sure the town as a whole gets to benefit anyway." Hands folded over one another. "But-
Xavier stopped himself as the door opened.  Two dwarves and their child came in.  The tot was clinging to her mother who was staring impatiently at the father.
The ogress looked at the consternated man by the door. "You guys can seat yerselves wherever.  I'll be right there." A plate was set in the window with Xavier's food.  She spun around, shedding thirty years off her age, and back again with the plate of food.  She put it in front of the white haired novian, one shade away from a whisper said "Enjoy" and walked around the counter to the family that had found a booth.
He ate his food and left a tip.  The ogress hovered around the family the entire time he ate and calmly kept the three from unraveling from whatever stress they seemed to be bearing.  A peacekeeper if he'd ever seen one.  The world needed more of them, and she needed tipped for those onion rings.
Eight
Xavier understood why the canid had been carrying a jacket.  It had been warm enough to get by with a T-shirt when he came in, but as the northerly wind passed over his face his breath escaped in a thick mist.  It would've been nice to at least have a natural coat of fur and not weigh as much as a few bowling balls.  The cold was bitter and sinking into his skin fast.  He felt the chilled surface of his jeans press against his legs while the base of his spine seemed to fill with ice water.  His teeth chattered together for a moment, and he forced his jaws shut so that he wouldn't chip a tooth.
He looked up at the mountains to the north.  Over Bishop hung a front of dark clouds, and in the west the sun was settling into bed.  As if acknowledging that it had been seen, the cloud wall lurched over the mountain and sent a rushing gale down the street.  He saw one or two other pedestrians zip up their coats and continue on unimpeded.  Xavier's fingers began tingling.  He leaned forward a bit; his bowels were laden with frost somehow.  It suddenly occurred to him that he might die of hypothermia just by walking from the diner back to his room.  The thought of it was unappealing and ironically made him feel warmer.
Nine
His hand tremored like it was filled with firecrackers.  The number tag that hung from the key bounced around with fury and slapped the sides of his trembling hand.  It went into the keyhole, and the rattling stopped.  As Xavier opened the door and felt the slightly warmer and calmer air hit his hand and forearm, he turned and saw snowflakes coming down.
He closed the door behind him, hoping deep inside that he could lock the cold outside.  He walked to the wall beside the bed.  There were radiator pipes with chipping paint.  They were warm, so he put his hands on them.  When those were warm, he leaned against it and looked at the stained bed sheets.  Something crawled against the wall by the door and slipped underneath.  Good, let winter deal with you and not me.  He slumped down.  The pipes weren't getting any hotter, and he supposed it would cost something to do so anyway.  And the bed didn't look all that inviting either, so this would do.  So long as they kept the heat running through the night.
Ten
After he fell asleep Xavier visited the Dark Forest.  He was standing in a clearing where sunshine could pierce the thick dark.  How deep into the wood he was, he hadn't the faintest idea.  He knew that it was that particular forest, knew it the way a person knows when they're being watched.
The light of the sun made a circle around him in that clearing.  He looked into the woods beyond, but the light was unable to even shine upon the bark of the first trees.  Then he heard the last thing he wanted to hear, unhappy life.  He saw the eyes of creatures watching him from within the darkness.  The sun did not reach them.  It was as if their eyes made their own light.  As he stood there, the eyes grew in number and in shape.  He was surrounded by the very worst kind of monsters, the unseen ones.  The sun steadily went on setting, the light shrinking and eyes drawing closer.
He could not stay there, and so he ran into the darkness.  Somehow he avoided the trees which could not be seen.  Something slimy grabbed for his leg but could not find purchase.  It must have had teeth or claws, because he felt his heated blood run down his ankle.  Branches snapped behind him as growling things tried to keep pace.  He dared not look back into their eyes for fear that they might lock onto his soul.
He saw a pale light ahead of him.  It was dusty like the moons' and covered a great bit of the expanse ahead.  A hope welled up within him that he might have reached the end of the forest, but it sank when he also considered that night might have come.  The creatures would keep following him if that was so.
His heart stopped for a moment of shock, and he clutched his chest before it began beating again.  The light came from another opening, and it was indeed nighttime.  But the forest went on, and in the open expanse was a great stone fortress.  He ran to its open gates and hoped the mutants would not follow him in, that perhaps the faint light of Orion and Artemis would be enough to keep them at bay.  To his great pleasure, he could no longer hear them chasing.
Xavier leaned against a wall and began catching his breath in big, burning gulps of air.  The wall he leaned on was cold, but the air against his skin was without temperature.  He felt the remnant memories of those that had built this place and who had once lived there, and maybe it was those memories that kept the demons away.  He turned his back to the wall now that his breath had been captured.  It was time to let his thoughts catch up.
Then he heard a great roar like that of a lion and a grizzly bear in unison.  He looked into the town square where a stone statue of a man whose arms had fallen off stood and watched the vacant place.  Standing on the statue's head was Cecil Fauden transformed into his werewolf shape.  The blue crystal greaves he'd once worn and were now on display in a museum wrapped around his legs.  His torso was mostly exposed and what wasn't had a covering of a torn hooded jacket.  He was just as the people of Redora said he had been when he first came to their town.  On his back was a thing he hadn't acquired until much later, the Baneblade sword.  Xavier couldn't see the intricate patterns of the sword in the dark, but he remembered it.  The werewolf's fur was absolute black in the dark.  The blue of his fur though was as brilliant as fire.  His eyes reflected only a deep blue that to Xavier looked like specks at the end of a horizon.  Claws like knives hung at the end of Cecil's hands, darker than the night.
The werewolf let loose another terrible roar, and Xavier could hear the mutants outside the wall retreat into the forest.  Cecil gazed down from his perch into Xavier's eyes.  The novian suddenly felt an anchor of terror attach to his ribs, and for no reason that he could think of, he became maddeningly horrified of the werewolf.

Chapter Four

One
The side of the bed greeted Xavier with an off-color splotch that might have been left by a greasy hand.  The radiator was still on, but it hadn't burned a hole in his back.  He pulled his phone from the right pocket of his jeans.  It told him in not so many words and more numbers that it was time to go.  No calls, no texts, good.  He left it on silent and grabbed his things.
"How'd you get that scrape on your forehead?" Asked the man child, breaking the clean escape Xavier would have liked.
"Hit over the head with a bottle.  Could've been a lot worse." Xavier tried handing the room key to the dwarf, who merely stared at the red streak just center of Xavier's left temple.  He put the key on the counter instead. "There you go." As he walked out the door, the dwarf asked more questions.
The streets were damp like ice water.  The snow didn't lay on the ground from the night before, but a thick padding of frost took its place.  Xavier could see his breath again, and the mist of it clung to his face like a cold veil.  His feet crunched the frost under him and made him sound heavier than he really was.  Everyone he passed wore a coat or a jacket, and he began envying their warmth.  If he had a better grasp of magic, he could heat the air around him with it.  Unfortunately, such advanced spells as that were still a mystery to him.  While he walked back to the station, he pondered the idea of warmth and heat.  He needed the practice and was pleased to see a spark or two shoot from one of his fingertips every few steps.  It wasn't much, but it was getting better.
Two
He looked out the window by his seat and watched the mountains and foothills fade away into long green flats and amber expanses.  He watched these shrink down into sparse shrubs and barren dirt.  The wasteland appeared to go on forever, but he knew that somewhere beyond the horizon was an ocean.  He thought the land here would be astonished to know something like that.
The stewardess from the other day walked down the hall again, unimpeded by wandering hands.  She handed glasses to a couple behind Xavier.  They made a remark about all the desert making one thirsty.  The stewardess feigned amusement, but it was a poor impression.  The wife giggled at the husband's remark, but this too felt fake.  Xavier had to wonder what he had going for him if his humor was so dry.  Looking at the stretches of nothing on the other side of the glass divide, he realized what he had just thought was on level with the man's joke.
The train slowed to a halt, the expanse the novian gazed upon stopping with it.  The platform was on the other side of the locomotive, and if a conductor wasn't saying so, he could've been fooled to believe that they were still leagues from any sort of settlement.
Three
If Redora had been a ghost town, then Harkem was just one step up from a family ranch.  The street was thick with sand and dust, no sidewalks.  There were a total of a dozen buildings, all wood and all suffering from dry rot.  The streets were empty, save for one other, an elf who had gotten off the train with Xavier.  The elf seemed to know the area and went straight into a saloon in the middle of the only street.  And there he was left alone.  
He still had two days before Solday.  He knew he needed to be in town by dusk then, but he couldn't remember where Hodge had told him to go to specifically.  He walked to the saloon.  Maybe someone in there could point him in the right direction.
Swinging double doors that he could nearly walk under separated him from the interior.  He pushed them open and stepped in.  The first thing he thought was that the owner had decided to varnish the entire place with whiskey.  The second was that everyone had their eyes on him, which would only be a grand total of five people.  The second was true, although their attention to him quickly died.  The elf's held on a bit longer, but he returned to talking with a scruffy cowpoke draken.  The color of the day (year probably even) was tan.  Brown if you were feeling a bit wild, as one draken with muddied jeans appeared to be.  They were all lizard folk, except for the elf and Xavier of course.  Their scales were dark yellow.  One had patches of black around her neck and another had some orange at the crest of his forehead.  But they all looked similar, and Xavier was certain that the town was indeed family owned.
He was about to walk up to the bar, was halfway there in fact, when two more came through the door.  Soon the place would be at max capacity.  He saw all the heads turn to the new couple, smiling and sending nods.  Xavier, compelled by everyone's recognition, turned as well.
There was Patricia and Partheus standing with their backs to the sunlight beaming in from the doors.  Their attire was like that of the townsfolk, simple though they weren't yet covered in a fine layer or two of dust.  He noted to himself that he'd never seen a wolf canid dress so plainly and didn't think he'd ever see it again.  Partheus nodded back to the patrons, and then he focused on Xavier as if he had been following the novian.  He nodded again.
They walked past him and to the counter.  As Partheus engaged the man behind the bar, Xavier felt as if he were fading out of existence.  An attention shift can do that to a person.  But he was in the right place, so that reassured him.  He shuffled his feet around, unsure what to do with himself, when Patricia and Partheus turned around and made for the door.  They stopped next to him and Patricia motioned to him with her head.  Xavier followed, feeling for the first time in a long while that he was the child following Mother and Father.  He didn't like it.
Four
"You got here early.  Maybe you can help us set up." Partheus said as he checked the street for traffic.  There was none, of course.
"I don't see why not." Replied the novian.
"Don't you work at Saint Braun's?" Patricia now.  Her voice was soft and strong, and her fur hid her age.  Xavier wasn't sure if he was being questioned by a young heiress or by an old queen. "I know that they're always busy, being where they are.  Surprised you could get weekdays off."
Xavier was beside the elf now.  Following behind made him feel shorter.  He looked up to both of them and pointed at the healing red laceration. "I got attacked on company property by an unhappy . . ." He wanted to say moron, ". . . customer.  They gave me the rest of the week off, an overreaction really."  And then he wanted to ask why Salina hadn't told them, but he kept his trap shut.
At the end of the lane they stopped by a rundown shack that was far enough from any of the main buildings that it appeared to be its own entity.  Partheus went to the door and walked in.  Patricia stayed outside with Xavier.  "The last time I visited Braun, I was a patient."
"Anything serious?"
"I was at an anti-execution rally in front of the Sentinel.  Lots of things were going on, and we weren't the only rally group there.  It was a little over a year ago, so Dahzir was still running the whole mess." She bent her knees a moment as if they might lock up if she didn't.  Her gray tail swished in reflex to this. "He came out and sent a lightning bolt through the crowd.  I was stunned along with two others.  Festen and Desten Ambrose, elf brothers.  They were in my rally group.  Everyone else was either dead or had just enough in them to get away.  I imagine a few were fine and just ran with tails between their legs." Her hand went to her mouth as if a bee had stung her on the nose. "I'm sorry for the language."
He shrugged.  He honestly didn't understand what she was referring to.
She went on, "And I guess Cecil was just passing through.  I know now that he was there for The Order, but we were still lucky to have him be there when he was.  Dahzir ordered the guards to dispose of the bodies; I heard him say it.  Even if they were still alive!"
"I can understand why you would be protesting."
"Thank you!" A young heiress was the voice now. "He came up, picked all three of us up off the ground and started walking away.  I was just conscious enough to tell him where to go.  He didn't seem to know the capitol very well.  When he set us down in the hospital, I was able to get a good look at him.  And I'll tell you, I thought the electricity was making me hallucinate."  
"There he was, the largest novian I'd ever seen.  Although, I guess he wasn't actually a novian.  And on top of that, if that wasn't just a miracle from the rabbit hat, I see that he had been carrying two other people.  I might have believed it if he had been an ogre, but I started to assume he was either an angel, or again that my mind was fried." She squinted, perhaps trying to get a better view of her memory.  "So when they asked me about who brought the brothers and myself away from the incident, I told them that I couldn't remember.  For all I know, that whole thing might have been a fabrication.  Though, I kind of doubt it.  Especially since the head nurse wouldn't stop going on about the tall stranger who brought us in.  She seemed to believe there was something between he and I."
"That's Erica.  She's an excitable one, that's for sure." He mused and then felt guilt for not commenting on the more important part of what he'd just heard. "That sounds like quite the ordeal.  Good thing he was there when he was."
Five
Partheus stepped out of the shack, arms loaded with wooden boards.  One of them fell as he walked into the open space between the desert and the town. "You can help, if you'd like." Almost condescending but then, "It's nothing official.  No top secret cargo in there.  Arthur should be doing this and not an old man like me." He dropped the rest of the wood into a little pile. "But he's off scouting."
Xavier's bowels twisted, and he was sure he would cripple over.  But the pain left as it had come, and he could only hope it would not return again until he retired for the day, maybe something he ate.  He nodded at the elf and followed him into the little shed.
Inside against either wall were separate stacks of wooden boards and steel poles.  The floor was dirt, and the walls ran down into it.  Fist sized holes in the ceiling let the furious sun puncture the darkness in spots.  Partheus grabbed another armload of boards, and Xavier grabbed what he could, which was almost as much as the elf.
They made trips until the contents of the shed were depleted.  Patricia stood away and made swipes at the screen of her phone.  She squeezed the side of the device and deposited it into a pocket. "Grandor will be on his way over in a few minutes, and Hodge said he should be here tonight."
Partheus looked at the large mound of seemingly useless material.  His blonde hair was blinding in the desert sun. "Should I meet him at the station?  Not like he needs an escort."
"No," She replied, "he said the trains are too slow and that he'll be footing it."
Six
A cloud of dust appeared before the pile of wood and metal.  It spiraled up in a funnel and dissipated above in the shape of a galaxy.  Where it had been stood the elf from the tavern, but he seemed to be a few shades brighter, glowing even.
"It won't be a palace." Said the elf to Partheus.  His hands clasped behind his head and turned blue.  A mist began seeping out from between his fingers. "But I can work with this." The hands unbound, and he cast them forward.  The mist flooded from his hands and wrapped around the pile.  It became so dense that the materials were hidden in azure fog.  He turned to the side and mumbled dimensions to himself.  Then he raised his hands, and the mist rose with them.  It spread out and took the shape.  A blue pavilion of cold steam stood with its side to the desert beyond.  He dropped his hands, and the sheet of blue fell from it, revealing a structure.
"Thank you, Grandor." Patricia remarked.
Partheus. "You made that look too easy.  But my back would disagree."
"How do you think they built the Sentinel before that crystal shell of its hardened up?" Asked the mage. "It wasn't me, but the process was the same."
Partheus looked at Xavier and shrugged. "It's always educational to be around a mage."
Grandor greeted Xavier with a bow and approached. "I thought I met the whole crew.  Guess not.  I am Grandor Aurathaine, pleased to meet you." A hand was extended.
Xavier took Grandor's hand and shook it. "I'm Xavier Pontius.  I'm just here early."
"Really?" He quipped. "I can feel your aura brimming over.  You must be a magnificent wizard to have such power.  You humble me."
"Yeah," Partheus added, "Xavier appears to be the highest potential mage we've found yet."
"No, I mean he's already," Grandor looked into Xavier eyes, which reflected a desire to hush.  He readjusted, "already manifesting.  He'll be easy to train."

Chapter Five

One
Xavier stayed in a guest room in the upstairs of the saloon next to Partheus and Patricia.  Grandor was either staying outside, or perhaps he fashioned a room in the pavilion.  The wind over the place sounded like it was waging a long war against the roof, and winning.  He heard creaking in the room next to him for a while and some exasperated breathing.  Then came inaudible talking and silence.  He felt alone in that place, as if the room he was in was no more than a hollow between walls, and he was haunting it.
He rolled over, and his bed made that same squeaking.  He stared at the wooden wall.  It was dark and dry and didn't care about him.  He could smell the age on it and thought it might be able to reminisce with the sand.  His mind wandered to the wizard outside, and he wondered just how he would brush off his talent to The Order.  With that his mind went back to where it always seemed to settle these days.
He could see her silver fur and feel her power.  Grandor was right, mages had a way of sensing these things.  But still, she had surprised him that day in the hospital, and he was glad for it.  He wished he could go back and reopen the gash, just so that he could talk to her again.  Xavier was infatuated, and he knew it.  All he could think of was the comfort she brought him.  As he laid there on the verge of sleep, between the world of the waking and of dreams, he desired her presence and a soft touch.  To hear her voice and let his burdens melt away.  So he slipped away from the waking realm.
Two
He woke up before the elf and canid and walked outside.  The red sun was still under the edge of the eastern horizon, but its light had begun to spread into the sky beyond Harkem.  The air seemed unable to move, and the place was silent.  Xavier felt Grandor sitting in the shed with someone else, felt like Hodge.  He didn't like using his radar, as it made him feel visible himself, exposed.  He supposed that was nonsense, and people suspected him anyway.
He reached for the handle on the shed's door and heard the mage speaking inside.  It was reciprocated by a deeper voice.  So many things led up to this, and he knew that if any little thing had been different, he wouldn't be where he was now.  He knew he'd be somewhere better.  But that door beckoned him, and a courage to face obstacles began tickling his abdomen.
Hodge regarded the novian as if he'd been expected.  Grandor gave a look of concern to Xavier and then swiped it over the werewolf.  Hodge then asked the elf to continue explaining what the Leviathans were doing without a king to follow.  Grandor picked up again after a moment and went on about their search for an heir.  He said most of the Trothan family had been killed by either Dahzir or Trothos himself and that finding a relative was proving a challenge.
In a dark corner Hodge replied, "Why don't they find a new leader then?  The country can't go on forever without one."
"They will." Grandor explained. "They'll choose a governor."
"But we're on a campaign to overthrow them."
"Maybe you're to be the replacements.  Can't say.  I never overheard anything good."
Hodge pressed his back into the wall, and the whole shed leaned his way a bit. "I've been around for a while.  What's a little more time?  Still, I wouldn't mind finding a way back home."
The elf cleared his throat, and for an instant his hair was flecked with a magical discharge that glowed a deep orange, the color of embers. "Hello, Xavier.  'Sleep eludes the arcane.' Or so they taught me.  The sun isn't up yet, and Hodge here has an excuse to be up.  But for you and I, I guess that adage holds true."
"Good morning." Xavier said.  He looked at the werewolf leaning in the darkest corner of the shed.  Come noon the whole thing would be alight from cracks in the woods and boiling.  But now it was dark and cold.  Hodge blended into the wood as if his clothes had been stained with wood grain.  Only his young face stood out, but his eyes were hidden in darkness.  He looked hardly any older than Xavier.
Then Hodge's eyes reflected green for a moment, and what bit of his nose could be seen flared.  "So," he said, "let's talk about what you're hiding."
Xavier wanted to spew out a "what?" or a "huh?" but all he could do was gape.  In doing this, he managed to let out a long "uhhhhhhh . . ."
"I can't smell you, Arthur couldn't smell you, and neither could Salina." His back came off the wall, and the blackness seemed to swallow everything but his voice. "Everyone has a scent.  Any canid can tell you that, and any dog could if it was smart enough to talk.  Faint, strong, odd.  It doesn't matter.  But something." The sound of his feet shifting sand. "I gave you the benefit of the doubt.  Maybe you were just covering odor, not like that's unheard of for a young man to do.  Then I find out that you're brimming with magic, enough so that you would be in league with what Dahzir could do in no time.  And enough to spare that you'll probably surpass him."
Xavier couldn't help but feel flattered despite how tense he was.  His mind searched for an answer, while Hodge went on.
"Now, I can believe that you might not be able to turn a mountain into a castle and float it around like Orion, sure.  But you don't belong with the initiates.  And if you're so good, I'd have to be a fool not to think there was more to this scent blocking." He either cleared his throat or was holding back a growl. "I've been a fool plenty of times, not even once have I enjoyed it.  So explain what you're up to, or be as good as you supposedly are." At this last part, he dipped into an accent not native to Destursha.
"I'm hiding something." Xavier said.  He let the words loose, to do whatever havoc they pleased.  He didn't want to lie, but there were things he still wanted to keep back. "It isn't anything The Order needs to be concerned about, just personal issues.  I'm not a spy or an enemy, but I can't go on." But he wanted to.
A beam of sunlight finally passed through the shed and struck Hodge's face as he turned.  Grandor went white, as the blood fled him.  Hodge was on Xavier, driving him through the door and snarling.  A hand as strong as a steel claw wrapped around Xavier's throat just as his back hit the ground outside the shack.  Hodge was above, exposing a mouth full of sharp teeth.  His black snout was wrinkled with rage, and dark ears were pinned back.
The hand around Xavier's neck was still human, and he knew the man above was being careful not to spread lycanthropy.  That's when he realized Hodge wasn't going to kill him.  If he was, a scratch wouldn't matter.  By then, he knew his esophagus could've been compressed to nothing.  More than ever Xavier wanted to go on about his intentions and why he hid his skill.  He couldn't, both from his own resolve and from a hand that while not lethal, was still clamping down.
The grip lightened, and Hodge reverted to his normal self.  He climbed off the novian and pulled him up, nearly tossing him. "I don't know why I believe you." He said.  He paused to watch a timid Grandor peek out of the shed. "So then, let's talk about your motivation."
That he could do.
Three
Xavier explained to the werewolf that he wanted to have lycanthropy and that he would find a way to earn it from them.  As he did this, Hodge's face would light at every point before sinking into a deeper and deeper dread.  Xavier knew he was about to hear something he didn't want to.
"If you're looking for longevity," Hodge said through the cave that was his face, "then you'd be better off using your magic to get it.  Immortality can't just be given, not even if you deserve it." Grandor stepped out of the shack, walking over the busted door.  He propped himself against a wall and tried to look as if he didn't notice the other two.  The rest of Harkem was still asleep. "I've been to hospitals, and I've been through wars.  I have seen thousands of dying children, ones that I knew I could save just by putting a hand on them.  I've watched boys fight other boys because old men told them to, and I've been by their sides as they died in ditches and in prisons and in hospital beds." He replaced the solemn stare with one of pity. "Any one of them and all of them, I could've saved from cancer, from wounds, from age.  But at the same time I couldn't.  It takes more than a good heart to be a werewolf, more than being on a bottom rung, and more than just any of our condolences."
"I'll find a way to earn it.  So much so that you'll have no choice."
"Maybe you will." Hodge sighed. "Hope you do.  Even so, I can't promise you'll get it.  There's an intuition involved that can't be ignored.  I'll give you this choice once.  Leave our company.  Go off and perfect your magic.  Live to an old age."
"Walking with wolves is dangerous, and you're apt to get a hand bitten off.  Or worse.  And with the task ahead of us, I'm going with worse.  I won't lie to you, most of the volunteers that came to us are going to die.  Not happily either.  I've seen this before.  Bright eyed youths line up to fight for what they believe in, and in no time at all everything will be stripped away from them by other youths doing the same.  This will not be a good war."
Four
Partheus and Patricia walked out of the tavern, and Hodge's face eased with relief.
Partheus approached the werewolf and stretched his back on the way.  Patricia walked beside him with her hands behind her back, both wearing the same clothes again that day. "Hey Hodge, good to see you made it." His eyes bounced on the broken door, and his last stretch popped his shoulders loud enough to make an echo in the street.
"And good to see you, friend." The werewolf replied. "I brought a few drums of water for the recruits."
"What about us?" Partheus wrapped an arm around Patricia's shoulder so naturally that it was almost hard to notice.
Hodge smiled. "Ahh, right.  You too.  Almost forgot: you get thirsty too, don't you?"
Patricia chimed in, "If it gets as hot these next few days as they're calling for, you'll be the only one who isn't."
Hodge turned toward the magician. "Then we should get things set up before everyone gets cooked."

Five
Initiates began arriving and setting up tents north of town.  The natives went south after dawn except the tavern owner, while the setup continued.  Their number was smaller than those that had come out of the recruitment session at the castle.
When Solday rolled around, there were a dozen mage trainees and eight tents waiting for direction.  By dusk the temperature had soared and was just beginning to calm again, and that's when the drakens returns from their work.  The dozen recruits went to the pavilion, where Xavier already was, and the rest waited.
Grandor waved at the eager group and turned expectantly to Hodge.  The werewolf strapped two oil drums to his back and motioned for everyone to follow.  Partheus and Patricia stayed to his right and Grandor to the left.  Xavier fell back with the students and did what he could to blend in with them, which proved successful.
They walked for hours after that, making some of the students complain, but most were afraid to raise a fuss and kept their mouths shout.  When it became dark, Grandor released more of that blue energy in the form of a great flame above his head, the light of it causing the tan sand to appear gray.  The air turned cold, and Xavier felt gooseflesh crawl up his forearms and try to stake a claim between his shoulder blades.  Jackals in some indeterminate direction yipped and drove a few of the mages to huddling.  The group stayed quiet, Partheus whispering to the dogman every now and again, but otherwise footsteps substituted any talk.  It even came to a point where three of the initiates ran out of drive and turned around.  It was just Xavier and nine others.
Six
One of the recruits stepped on something metal that sounded like a drain grate in the sand.  The blue flame cast light into a depression.  Hodge unstrapped the barrels and laid them on their heads.  He turned to Grandor and asked him if he could handle any fleeing rats.  The magician nodded, and the werewolf disappeared into the cavity.  The magician turned to Xavier and beckoned him with a flick of his head, and the novian stepped up.
"Help me scorch these bastards if they come out." He said.
Xavier lowered his head and shook it. "I know that you know I've got it in me, but I don't understand it yet.  I really can't do anything in combat."
"Then just watch.  Maybe you'll get it afterwards."
Xavier nodded and looked over his shoulder.  One of the recruits, a green troll in a blue hooded sweatshirt, stared at him with seething suspicion and jealousy.  Good, Xavier thought, rivalry just when I needed it.
A screeching sound and something heavy running into steel.  Grandor drew his hands together, and a blue orb formed in the space between.  Its light was brilliant and put the ghostly thing above to shame.  Xavier shivered, remembering that it was still very cold around him, so he warmed himself with magic thoughts of heat.  Then a five legged bear without fur or eyes came tumbling over the slant.  The extra leg hung from its chest boneless and flopped about.  It grunted just before the crest and slobbered out a mucous far more viscous than ordinary saliva.  Grandor pushed his hands forward and released the blue sphere.  It sailed at the mutant, expanded and then contracted down to a bullet.  It sunk into the thing's chest just above the fifth leg, and the beast stopped.  Then its chest cavity bubbled, and the front half of the abomination splattered like a water balloon.  Yellow pus covered the ground around the hind legs, and some of it found its way to Xavier's boots.  A recruit gasped at the sight and another fainted into the sand.  The smell was noxious.
A snarling man came up over the depression, or what might have been a man.  It was naked but without any noticeable gender.  Its roaring was like gurgling, and it seemed to be perpetually choking.  Its eyelids were sewn together, and it had no ears or hair.  Its skin was loose and white and covered in little black specks.  It tripped over what remained of the bear, and that's when Grandor turned it into paste as well.
A few minutes passed, and Hodge walked up from the darkness.  His clothes were cleaner than Xavier's. "They're all gone from in there." He said. "Everyone hold up okay out here?"
The mage answered and told the werewolf to lead on.  After grabbing the barrels, Hodge did just that.  Xavier looked back again to see who had fainted, but by then everyone was walking again.  The hooded troll looked no happier.


Seven
They entered an old mine.  Fragments of arches and heavy doors laid about, half buried or rusted through.  The great blue flame broke apart and attached itself to the walls, forming lighted corridors.  The flickering light bounced off the walls and what remained of wooden beams.  Entrances on either side lead to rooms and other tunnels, some of which gave off an odor like the ruined bear.  Broken pickaxe heads were scattered about, one still embedded at the end of a vein.
They came into a great chamber, and the flames behind moved forward and coated the walls and ceiling in all the appropriate places for light fixtures.  The room became bright and cozy feeling, but a must hung in the air like that of a moldy basement.  A large machine, deteriorated to the point of looking sick, rested in the lowest point in front of a rift filled with a dark plastic like resin.  Red rusted rods and step panels were strewn about along with a tangle of delicate wires.  A piece of black enamel shell jutted from some of the wreckage.
Hodge put the barrels down. "Make yourselves comfortable." He looked around and turned to the group. "Just get some sleep.  We'll start the training tomorrow." He flicked up a wrist, and the recruits scurried off to the walls, as if this were the first test.  The troll lingered behind before going and grouping with a pair of novians.
Grandor walked to the tear in the earth and then to the piles of refuse.  He shook his head.  Nothing he could do with any of it.  The mage settled himself against the broken down machine and crossed his arms.  He seemed content.
Partheus and Patricia wandered to the other side of the rift across from the mage and sat up against a wall that had been plastered in that same bruise colored resin.  He was visibly tired, and her yellow eyes appeared misty.  They fell asleep leaning against one another.
Xavier scanned for Hodge, but the werewolf had disappeared without notice.  So he went to the slate red wall with the rest of the newbies, finding a spot as distant from the troll as he could.  He ended up by a female elf that had somehow become pudgy; he was the last before the wall hooked into the ramp that had brought them in.
He sat there for a time, not even imagining sleep.  A few of the initiates had already fallen through consciousness, a few stared blankly at the vast room, and the few who had actually taken Hodge's order in full spectrum gawked at one another and chattered like high school students in a cafeteria.  After a while, the girl next to him kicked up a bout of snoring, and that's when Siegfried started up.


Chapter Six

One
("You handled yourself pretty well earlier.") Said the voice inside Xavier's mind.
Thank you.  He sent back.
("All you have to do is tell them who you really are, and they'll let you in.  I can guarantee it.")
That wouldn't be earning it.  I already told you how I feel about that.
("Stubborn!") Siegfried sent the image of a boulder with this. ("I didn't know it could be passed down so many generations.")
My stubbornness is mine.  I made it.  And I'll stand by it.
Not a sigh came through but something like the rustling of leaves and a breaking wave. ("Listen, you can keep this up if you want.") A pause, autumn leaves and wooden rockers.  Some lemonade. ("But I can't do this any longer.  My soul is tired, and I'm ready to go home.") Clouds and gold streets, pearly gates.
So you're saying I don't have to worry about you tipping scales in my favor, and that I also can't fall back on that?  His lips wanted to move, and he felt as though he might just be talking aloud.
("The fallback is your identity.  Use it.  You were a martyr.") A crystal room, blue flames and a ruined arm. ("But I wanted you to know that something is coming.") The world eater, army under the horizon, a dark wind.
Could you be any more cryptic?  Ruder than he had wanted but just as blunt.
An eye and a map with pins. ("You know I can only see Earth and Destursha, not at the same time and not their wholes.  Just points I focus on.") A dwarf in a great tree and a boy dropping a flashlight. ("I'm not God.")
I'll be sure to be ready for whatever it is.  He thought a moment.  Aren't you holding the sky together?
("I haven't had to do that since.") Black and blue fur and a saloon.
I appreciate all the help.
("I'm going to tell Hodge to be prepared.  Though, since I don't know what it is, preparing might not be possible.") A purple box with a green question mark. ("I just know it isn't the Leviathans or the governors.") A fading man walking into a sunset. ("Then I'm done.  Hope it all works out for you.")
Thank you, Siegfried.
("And thank you, Cecil.  Goodbye.")
Goodbye.  A sensation of loneliness filled Xavier.  His ancestor's presence had left.  It was all on him now.

Two
After feeling the departure, he felt fatigue.  It was heavy and made of sludge, creeping from the base of his skull to the front of his mind.  He missed that endless energy, of not needing rest, of being endlessly pumped with adrenaline.  Xavier could sense a ghost of those old sensations, but not enough to keep him awake any longer.  So he joined the elven girl in the realm of dreams.
The initiates began their training under Grandor's instruction.  He took them one by one aside and gave them a task to perform.  Xavier noted that none of them were able to do anything more than raise a few grains of sand from the floor or create a dim, useless light in their palms.  Grandor reassured each that they were excelling, and Xavier couldn't even discern whether or not he was lying.
His turn never came, as the elf continued cycling through the earnest mages.  He was learning enough just by watching.
At some point Hodge poked a hole into each of the drums and added a tap to each.  Several bags full of plastic cups sat on the first drum and were emptying quickly.  Xavier took a cup and filled it, and the green troll followed after and filled his own.  Xavier drank and pitched the cup into the purplish rift, as the troll followed behind and did likewise.  When he settled himself against the crumbling drill and turned again to the center of the room where the wizard was teaching, the troll rested up next to him.
A hard shove almost made the novian trip over his own feet.  The troll stared at him with jealous eyes and crooked teeth, and that was all fine until he began talking.
"What's your deal?" Asked the troll.
Xavier turned his thoughts toward warmth, toward burning, and thought of setting the troll's hoodie ablaze.  Because of those thoughts, he began something he didn't even realize.
"Well, why are you here?  You seem pretty cozy with the elf and the headman."
Xavier didn't want to answer. "Tell me why you're here first."
"Shove it!" Came as a response.  The troll spit on the novian. "If you think you're better than me, you're not!" He pushed Xavier again, and this time he did fall.  The troll began sweating. "Ain't nobody better than Deidre!" A glance to make sure he hadn't been caught.  He stepped forward, his legs prancing and readying to kick. "No midget is gonna look down on me!"
Xavier did something he couldn't have expected when the first kick landed on his shin and sent a rod of pain up his leg.  He thought again of the troll cloaked in flame but with greater passion and fury, and that's when the troll ignited like wicker.  He smoked like tires and began rolling away from Xavier.
Three
Grandor ran from his place with another recruit as Xavier began sitting up.  He extinguished the flames that had overtaken Deidre.  The troll's hoodie had been burnt away along with his pants.  His face was charred and his left eye sealed shut, and he had nothing but soiled white underpants left to cover him. "Can you walk?" Asked the elf.
"Fool tried to torch me!"
"Can you walk?" Echoed Grandor, not concerned whatsoever.
"You gotta boot him for that!  I been attacked!"
Grandor bent down over the troll and observed the loose dead skin on the left half of the face.  Then he pulled his arm back and slapped the troll with all the might his bony hand could muster.  The dead skin was torn off, and the flaming pink flesh underneath revealed itself. "If you don't answer me one way or the other, I'll finish the torching.  Can you walk?"
After a squeal. "Yeah, but, I mean.  My drawers, man."
Grandor cupped his hands together and held them to his mouth, and he projected his voice as with a megaphone. "Look.  Deidre pissed his pants!" Everyone in the room heard it well.  He removed his hands and lowered his voice. "There, now that they all know, you've got nothing to hide.  I want you to head back up the ramp where we came from." Partheus had come over from his own wall and stood between Xavier and the downed troll.  Grandor gave him a look and shook his head at Deidre. "Can you list him?"
Partheus nodded and followed the troll once he had finally built up enough courage to get up and walk.  Deidre turned a few times to look back at the wizard and the novian, but it seemed that embarrassment held his tongue in place.
Four
That evening when the initiates fell asleep and after Xavier realized he hadn't scheduled off work, Grandor found him along the wall and asked him to come along on a walk.  Xavier couldn't help but think of being back in school again and being called to the principal's office for some squabble or another.  Just being a witness to one of those events seemed to entail a certain amount of punishment, as if having seen wrongdoing was a corrupting act.
They walked into a corridor opposite the one the group had entered from.  Grandor's blue flame flicked onto the walls and made the path light.  Their steps were quiet and made no echo, though Xavier thought that might be because of the wizard.  After they were well out of earshot of the chamber, Grandor stopped and leaned against a wall.
Xavier hung his head low, hoping somewhere in his mind that by doing so he would avoid reprimand.  If he were cast out now, he would have to start this whole endeavor over again in another form.
Grandor pulled a flask from a pocket under his ribs.  Two shot glasses materialized in his freehand and he asked, "Want one?"
"No." Xavier replied. "Burns my guts and melts my brains.  Not into that."
The glasses vanished and Grandor put the flask away. "Well, I'm not going to drink alone." He knitted his hands over his belly. "Quite a reaction out of you earlier.  With a little bit of effort, you could toss fireballs around like toys."
"That's not what I was expecting you to say."
The elf grinned and looked down the corridor the way they'd come. "Were you expecting 'The other teachers and I have been watching your behavior, and we've come to the conclusion that you do not play well with others.' Or maybe 'I hate to do this, Xavier, as this will be on your permanent record, but you'll have to be suspended.'"
"Well," He began.
"Well, this isn't school.  This is army recruitment, and everyone here is an adult.  Misconduct can be self-solved, though prevention would be better." Grandor yawned.  "I saw what he was doing out of the corner of my eye; I'm not stupid.  Besides, Salina checked up on him last week, did that with all those pups."
Xavier perked up at her name. "Did she?  I know she came to see me."
"Told me which ones would be troublemakers and which ones probably wouldn't have the grit to train out here." He sat down, and it became apparent that he planned on sleeping in that hall. "The spineless ones left on the way here, as she said they would.  He was the worst of the miscreants, so I'm not exactly surprised he got himself burned." Xavier slid down against the other wall. "Partheus sent him home with a few bandages."
"I'm sorry I told Hodge about you." Grandor said to the wall above Xavier's neon white hair. "But I'm not getting paid to keep my mouth shut.  I hope you understand that."
"It's okay." But Xavier wasn't sure he believed that himself. "Maybe it wouldn't be if things had gone a little farther."
"Just between the two of us, promise I won't say a word, are you really unaware of your powers?"
Not as unaware as I'm making out to be. "Yeah, I surprised myself with that fire."
"If that's the case, you've got more potential than anyone I've ever met.  That includes the old kings." Grandor closed his eyes and looked as if he'd fallen asleep. "Hey, what do you think of Salina?"
Xavier had plenty of thoughts, but none of them seemed casual enough to share with the wizard. "She's interesting." Then he added, "Kept me from getting killed" again "by an angry squatter."
"I heard about that, but you know what I mean." His eyes opened and he gazed at Xavier. "You have to admit she's foxy."
Xavier agreed fervently in his mind, but he wondered if this was some sort of trap. "I won't argue with that."
"I've got a wife and kid myself, so I'm off the market.  You're a young kid still." He grinned the way a father might at his shy teenage son going on a first date. "She's older than I am technically."
"I don't know how this has anything to do with magic." Xavier hoped that would plug the conversation.
"Not a thing, nope.  But I'm tired and curious, trying to understand what's driving you." His eyes closed again. "I'll throw a hypothetical at you.  Let's say she approaches you, swaying her hips or whatever the women do that drives us mad.  Says she needs to talk with you privately.  Bats the eyes, all that.  How do you respond?"
"I'm not out to . . ." He didn't want to say it.  It seemed rude, but he supposed in the context it wasn't.
"Oh lighten up." Grandor crooned and laughed. "I wouldn't expect anyone, save for the most hopeless of fools, to be ungentlemanly with her.  Not unless they wanted their organs plastered against the Sentinel like Garuza Day streamers.  Your face is telling me everything anyway."
Xavier was glad the talk was coming back down to earth.  He conceded, "She is a part of it.  Not the all, but a part."
Grandor fell asleep.
Xavier had a good feeling that Grandor had started drinking before they'd come into the tunnel.  He couldn't smell it, but he didn't think he was the only one who knew how to cover scents.  He would probably forget the conversation the next morning.  It made him wonder in earnest what he would do if he was ever in a position to court her, no that sounded dated, and the very idea made him flush red.  He didn't want it to be this complicated, this offset.  He just wanted to go back to the night when he'd gathered apples for the dead boy, the night she had caught up with the group.  He remembered her turning and walking away when he had walked down this same corridor three years past, and he didn't know what to think anymore.


Chapter Seven

One
He woke before the elf, before anyone else, and walked down the hall through darkness until the light of dawn struck his face.  He came to the surface, and it was still cool.  An endless horizon of copper colored sand and dusty red mesas surrounded him.  He sat down in the depression that made this other entrance and leaned against a wall of packed sand.  He looked at his small hands and legs and on to the other side of the cavity.
Xavier sighed.  This was where his journey had truly begun.  Not when Salina met him in the woods and not when he woke to the smell of whiskey in Ectoplas.  That had been their journey, but his own had started when he was abandoned, when the stress made him forget.  He wondered if it would've been better had he never remembered, never felt compelled to help The Order.  He knew that was selfish.  People would have died for his comfort.
A wind came, and he heard the individual scraping of thousands of grains.  If he focused, he knew he could control that wind, and so he did.  He formed miniature dust devils and made little clouds of sand float around.  Using what he learned from the troll, he scorched the sand.
That's when he understood he didn't belong here.  It would take them months of training to catch up to him, and decades to get where he would be in a few months.  He stood up and crested to where he could see the whole horizon.  Beyond him, over the dunes and miles, was the Dark Forest.  It had been a bastion for Chrissenia, but now it was overrun by those same mutants that had just been driven from the mine.  If he went there, he could train in solitude.  Maybe then when he became good enough, he could aid his old friends against the governors.
Two
He stayed outside that day, and no one came looking for him.  When the sun came into power, he thought of cold, the kind that had bitten his skin in Redora.  When he did, the sun's torching faded away.
When night rolled around, he became parched, cool or not.  As he went back into the old mine, he turned and saw the two rising crescents.  Orion and Artemis would form a ring that night.  He thought that was just delightful, and continued on to get water.
Three
None of the initiates noticed his return, and the wizard had his back turned while trying to show the elven girl how to disturb air.  Partheus and Patricia were nowhere to be seen, and Hodge was standing next to the water drums.
Xavier took a cup and hit the tap.  The cup filled, and he heard it pushing air away in a whistle.  He drank and nodded at the werewolf.
"I need to talk to you." Hodge said.
Xavier nodded and melted his cup in a bright flame until nothing was left.  This seemed to make the old werewolf happier. "Sure."
Xavier expected to be taken aside again, but went on right there. "I still don't know what to think of you and this cloaking." He leaned forward as if to make himself clearer. "But there's no denying that you're going to be a fantastic wizard."
"I appreciate that," Creased brows, "I think."
"Well, that leads me to another thing.  You're wasting your time here.  Grandor doesn't know how to train advanced students, and this whole thing is technically illegal." The werewolf grinned as if the idea of law was some oddity.
"I didn't think about that, but you're right." He crossed his arms. "And I guess a wizard higher up than Grandor would be too deep in with the Leviathans to risk helping, right?"
"It's like we already had this talk.  I want you to take the train from Harkem to Cynderton and then walk through the Glade Woods until you can see Morphus." Hodge appeared pleased by how well the novian seemed to be listening.  He went on, "Train as best you can there.  It should be secluded, so you don't need to worry about anyone raising a stink about a magic user without Dahzir's crest sewed to your chest.  We're going to take the city," He made sure the others could not hear him, "in two weeks.  At the rate you're going, you should be on level with the mages we have ready to go there now.  We'll give detailed instructions once we arrive."
This was going somewhere, good.  Xavier felt at his pockets.  They were getting thin. "I can do that." He replied.
Hodge noticed the gesture and added, "I'll have you paid when you get to Cynderton.  Then you can stock up on whatever you want before you head into the woods." He bit his lip with enough force to split a telephone pole. "And if you want, I can send a message to your old work.  Tell them you've found a new career.  This is a commitment, you know."
"I'll get right on that." He desired to be away and past Cynderton to where he could begin perfecting his magic.  At the same time he couldn't help but think that this was going too smoothly, that Siegfried had greased some wheels, but for some reason, he didn't care.
Four
He left after that exchange, and by the looks on some of the intimidated initiates, he supposed they were glad he was departing.  He walked around the remaining bones of the man thing and the bear.  Into the cold night he walked, keeping warm with simple thoughts.
The town was still dark when he arrived, and a train wouldn't be through again until dawn.  He avoided the saloon for no reason he could think of and walked beyond the station dock to a little clearing that had never been bothered by sentient beings.  Artemis and Orion formed a red and green ring above him, and he could see the shadows of their bodies in the middle, old friends shaking hands.
That's when the troll reappeared.  Either he couldn't find a train, or he had been waiting for Xavier to leave.  Xavier thought the latter.
Deidre was clothed again and lacked the smell of frightened urine.  He held low a silver glint in his right hand, a dagger.  His hood had been thrown up, but he was as recognizable as the Sentinel, one of a kind.  He was moving toward Xavier from behind the platform, walking fast.
Xavier took a few steps back.  The troll was not large, but in his current form the troll was larger.  If he shifted back, he could overtake Deidre, mortal or not, but he did not yet know how to manipulate the size of his clothes.  Before the jealous green thug was on him, Xavier did the only thing he could think of.
Flames sparked at the man's feet and then lashed upward in a billow.  The sound of rushing hot air, a "foom."  The dagger fell, the fire crackling like on dry wood.  The troll began rolling, ever attentive to what was learned in grade school.  Red tongues coursed over his charring clothes and blackening skin.  But the flames wouldn't die.  Instead they grew stronger, and the troll stopped.  It burnt him through this time.
Xavier had killed before, but never a citizen and never in a way as cruel as fire.  He watched the corpse shrink before him, and he knew he was still fueling that pyre.  He let it burn until nothing but ash remained and scorched ground.  That fire, he knew, was unnatural.  It hadn't needed fuel even for a moment.  It had all been his mind's doing, his heart's vigor.  
When he did let it die away to see the flaky ash below, Xavier conjured up a wind.  It swirled the remains around in a controlled, symmetrical funnel.  Then he let it loft away over the sands.  He pushed it, spread it, until it was lost to the Scarab.  No one had seen, he knew, as he could feel the townsfolk, though they lacked magic.  That was the end of Deidre Hax.
Five
He slept on the train to Cynderton.  When he got off and left the station, an aemon woman with crimson horns caught his attention.  She held up a white scrub board with his false last name displayed on it, so similar to an earth practice he'd never experienced himself.  He approached her, and before he could explain himself she seemed to know him.
"Xavier?" She asked and lowered the board.
He nodded, saw that she didn't respond, and replied, "That would be me."
She pulled a slip of paper from a pocket and held it up beside where he would stand in her vision.  A picture of me.  He thought.  Then she put the paper back and removed an envelope from a carrier's bag strapped to her back.  She handed it to him.
He mouthed a thanks and opened the white fold of paper.  Troths were inside.  Not a substantial amount, but as much as he would earn in a month at the hospital.  Is it customary to tip the messenger?  He wondered and couldn't decide.  So he gave her a few, enough for a fair meal.
Six
Cynderton was beautiful, and he regretted that he would have to leave it.  The houses were all made of stone, cottages with circle windows and thatched roofs.  The streets, though there were few, were paved with cobblestone.  A wooden windmill stood at the far end of the little town, and he saw flowers blooming on most of the windowsills.  The street lamps were old but well-kept and ran on oil.  Yards had green grass and no concrete, outlining each were smooth river stones.  The place was small, the kind of community where everyone knew everyone else, and their business to boot.  An old fashioned place, untouched by the modern world, almost stubbornly so.
He found a general store and walked in, needing supplies and wanting some beef jerky.  Any notion that Cynderton was untouched by the present age was dashed when he stepped through the door.  A bell chimed, and a woman at the counter smiled and nodded, a fellow novian.  Walls to the right were lined in coolers, to the left were dairy and meats, and up the center was an assortment of things from popguns to potato chips, florescent lights buzzing over the aisles.
He wanted to keep things simple, food and drink.  He grabbed a hand basket, thinking to himself that it would be an appropriate proxy size for what he could travel with.  He slapped bottles of water into it from the machines and found the jerky beside the chips.  Beef jerky was good, always had been, but it was also cheap.  Not like it had been on earth.  So he stuffed all he could fit on top of the waters and moved to the counter.
The novian woman was shorter than he was, her hair as red as the sun and her skin as dark as the night.  She didn't seem to think his purchase was odd, hardly took notice to the things she rang up.  It was all just a bore to her.
He paid for everything and left the woman to sit alone in her boredom.  When he stepped outside, he heard a speckled rumble from up the street.  A blue van rounded a corner and came barreling down the road in front of the store.  Its paint had chipped away here and there, revealing an old white coat and in other places rust.  The tires were bald and rolling over the cobble like popping bubbles.  Trailing behind it was a great plume of dark exhaust.  The carburetor backfired as the blue brick hustled past him, and Xavier jumped back.  It went down the road until the cobble ceased and was dirt, and it kept on rolling toward the woods.
He watched the smoke spouting from it mix with clouds of dust until the actual van was hidden in billows of filthy upthrow.  He couldn't help but wonder who was in that van.  It was normal to see a vehicle fly down a street on earth, but not here.  Unless you had a decorated uniform, you probably didn't have access to them, and that looked nothing like a military vehicle.  Xavier slung the bags of jerky and water over his back and followed.
Seven
The tire tracks on the dirt road looked as if they might have been the only to ever touch it.  The houses had stopped after the road changed over and in their place were endless green pastures.  Winter was up north, but it would never truly reach this place, not with its snow and biting cold at least.
He saw the forest ahead and the road leading into it.  He had come down over a knoll and couldn't see Cynderton looking back anymore.  In that place it might have been a world without towns, just soft paths, green fields and grand forests.  It bordered the fields in its own endless stretch.  It was a pine forest, dense and dark even from the open road.  He knew it wouldn't be close to as shady as the Dark Forest and less dangerous, but the size of those trees, magnified by his short stature, gave him pause.
When he came up to where the road entered the treeline, he felt a cool forest breeze pump from under the canopy to his skin.  He walked in, and the warm touch of the sun vanished.  The burden on his back was growing heavy and again he thought of trying to change into his true and stronger form.  Instead he walked off the road and sat against a tree, the coarse bark rubbing his back as he adjusted.  He took one of those waters and a pack of jerky, good stuff, and began replenishing some of that energy he'd lost on his way.
He looked deeper into Glade and listened to the animals scurry about.  He couldn't hear much and wondered if that van had scared things into hiding.
He sat for a bit and let his stomach settle.  There were ferns below his feet, and he reached out to test something.  He thought of cold and of freezing, of the air in Redora and of the night he died.  The ferns had been swaying calmly, but they slowed.  Then they stopped and changed color.  A frost encased them, and they were frozen and dead.
He was pleased with this.  If Hodge wanted him to train, it would be best if he didn't set the whole forest on fire.  He melted the ice and let the plants be scorched, and then he crushed the embers with a freeze.  He enjoyed this and relished that he was doing no more than thinking.
Eight
He picked up his supplies and continued down the path.  The road was covered in pine needles, and his feet crunched them like chips.
After some time of practicing how to levitate objects and make his pack lighter, he came to where the van had stopped.  It was off the road, though not by much, and its doors were open.  Beside it a ring of cinderblocks sat with a hodge-podge pile of twigs in the center.  A blue cooler was next to this and behind it was the skeleton of a yet-to-be-assembled tent.  He kept walking.
Night came fast and hard in Glade, as anyone from Cynderton could've told him.  The thick trees blocked most of the light as it was, but when the sun fell over the horizon, light hadn't a chance of breaking through the branches.  He lit his way with a red flame similar to Grandor's only smaller and less luminous.  Everything was quiet and dark, and eerie.  The trees cast dancing shadows against the flickering light of Xavier's fire, and the silence magnified every sound that broke through.  He wondered if the mutants took up residence here.  Too bright for them in the daytime, but now . . . it was as if he were in an evergreen twin of the Dark Forest.
He came to a clearing with a busted foundation of stones in the middle.  A long time ago someone lived there, but not so long ago that the forest reclaimed its land.  He stopped at the edge and looked at the flame hovering in front of his chest.  Xavier was unsure if it would draw attention or drive it away.  He let it burn.  
He looked up at the sky.  Artemis and Orion were absent from the great black expanse.  In their place was a myriad of stars speckled about freely and cloudy galaxy dust radiating with their dim, stretching light.  Then a formation caught his eye, a cluster of stars that looked like the Big Dipper.  He was no astronomer or Prince Henry the Navigator, but he knew that constellation.  Or at least he knew its twin that could be seen from earth.  The sight of it all made him feel close to his home world, and with that feeling came homesickness.
He let the fire drift away as he sat against a pine.  He had it float over the remains of whatever home might have been.  It looked like it had a basement.  The fire grew, and the whole clearing came into the warm light of it.  Xavier fell asleep, and the fire died.

Chapter Eight

One
That next day he walked until the trees began to give way to field again.  When he came to the edge of the forest, Hodge was right; he could see Morphus, might be impossible not to.  It was far off but big enough to cover most of the horizon with its skyline.
There will be plenty of people there.  I'll have to help kill some of them.  That's what these conflicts always came down to, killing, and burning and suffering.  Sure, the cause was good.  The Order had great intentions, but Xavier didn't think that could justify what it would take to get those intentions into motion.
Between him and the city state was an expanse of field.  After that he made out what appeared to be a few outlying farms, maybe some suburbs, and then the true city.  It looked cut off from the rest of the world, but he knew that was the point.  On this side it would be like that, and on the other there would be highways and roads, and defenses.  He smiled despite himself.  Like Macbeth.
He tied his supplies to a low branch and walked into the field to scout.  He found himself at the edge of a cornfield that was overripe.  He couldn't see over the stalks and wasn't comfortable walking through it.  So he checked his surrounding, made sure he was alone, and stripped down.  The next thing he would work on would be manipulating the size of his clothes, but for now he would just have to do this without them.
He grew in height and width, soon he was a tall dwarf, and then he was human.  He stopped there for a moment.  It had been the first time he had taken his true form since returning from the abyss between worlds, and he hoped it wouldn't be the last.  He looked at his true skin, and it was rippled with burn scars he had never truly suffered.
Two
It reminded him of that night.  Dahzir was lost after the battle he and Cecil fought.  The old aemon's body was mortal and couldn't withstand the abyss.  Cecil's body endured, and he could not die.  He met his ancestor Siegfried in that dark place and learned all he could of magic there.  In order for him to come back to the mortal plane, he had to give up something infinite.  So he cast away his lycanthropy.
He quit his daydreaming and continued changing.  He took the form of an ogre, tall enough to see over the corn.  Beyond the rows was a farmhouse, drab as possible.  On the other side of that was a red barn with chickens pecking at the dirt in front.  There was an orange tractor and a manure spreader attached to its hitch.  An elf in a straw hat was tending to a flower bed in front of the house and another elf was walking a cow out of the barn and parting the chickens.
A dirt road led from the farmhouse to pavement, where there was a T.  The road flowed left to the horizon, and to the right it ran into a stretch of sparse homes with tiny yards, the outskirts.  All populated by average, unaware and uncaring people.
He changed back into Xavier and dressed himself.  An ant had crawled into his shirt and bit his neck while he laced his boots.  He slapped it off, and the spot itched.  Then he went back to his camp to practice.
Three
Some nights passed, and his supplies dwindled away.  It rained in those days and provided him a wonderfully low visibility that he used to practice unnoticed.  When it did not rain, it was just cold.  He worked on magics to keep comfortable, but comfort also included sating hunger, and he did not know how to conjure food.
After a week the jerky was gone.  Water was easy to replace with all the rain, and when he needed to he would freeze the water in the air and let it melt into a liquid.  The hunger started with a craving, and then his stomach seemed to contort and rebel like a caged lion.  When that subsided, the headaches would come.  He knew he couldn't go without food forever; that was a luxury he had lost.
He'd only hunted a few times back on earth, and never met any success.  He could fish, but there were no rivers or lakes or even oceans anywhere near Glade.  Even on those unsuccessful hunting trips, he had a rifle or a shotgun, and his father.  Out here all he had were reflexes and some magic.  Sure, he was bracing to use it in full-scale combat, but that concerned no stealth and it came without any fear of collateral damage.
He woke up one morning with a chill running down his spine and wondered if it was weather or magic that caused it.  His stomach lurched, and his head was full of helium.  He rolled himself up in the thick grass and got to his feet.
After taking care of his morning necessaries, he drank some thawed water, scratched at all the bug bites he'd slept through and then meandered into the woods.  Went the extra step and muffled his steps, wondering if that was cheating or not.
Four
The sky above the green needles was gray.  It wanted to snow, and it wanted to coat all that green in a heavy, branch breaking white powder, but it was too warm.
Xavier walked for a while on the crunchy forest floor, silent and mostly absent from sight.  It was odd feeling twigs snap under his feet and no sound to accompany, and it made him feel as though he was not moving at all, had just stayed at his camp's boundaries.  The branches themselves were well above him, almost in a different wood altogether.  Looking up at those high arms and beyond to the gray made him forget for just a moment what he'd set out to do in the first place.
Then he heard the footsteps.  Not his, but a pair's just a stone throw away.  They didn't see him, and they couldn't hear him.  One was large, an ogre.  The other was an aemon, and both leaned against opposite trees.  Xavier hid behind his own tree and cloaked his appearance.  When he looked around the side again, he noticed the ogre was smoking.
"C'moooooon, man!" Pleaded the aemon. "I'm freezin' here."
"No." Replied the ogre. "Went through way too much trouble to borrow Rodney's wheels." He puffed out a gray cloud that smelled like burnt leaves and hair. "T'morra."
"Man, it's already tomorrow.  Know what I'm sayin'?"
There isn't going to be any game for a mile with this shouting.
"It ain't another day till ya go to sleep.  You've been keepin me up all night buggering me.  I told you to pace."
"Aww, don't be like that."
The ogre wiped his face, as if doing so would clear all the annoyance away.  Then he said while tossing a bag to the other, "but you better sleep in."
"Yeah, yeah, man I will.  Stone tired here. But damn, man.  It's getting too cold for this.  I think we should go furder south."
"Van's low on gas." The ogre giggled for no apparent reason. "And You can't use magic on it."
"You think Rodney could get it down there?" A calm stream of smoke. "His brother-in-law used to be a scholar.  Maybe something of magic got to him?"
Xavier had enough of that conversation.  An urge inside directed him to give the aemon some frost burn, maybe enough so that he would pester the ogre into leaving.  Instead he began walking away, upwind to where there might still be things to catch and eat.
Five
When he finally found a deer, his stomach jumped up and seemed to ask him to attack the creature and eat it like a feral beast.  He wasn't sure, but he thought he might just be able to do that.  If he transformed into a wolf or a bear and then stayed in that form long enough to process the creature without the blood making him sick . . . and that would be harder than just stopping the thing's heart and cooking it.
It worried him how easy it was to take down the deer.  All he had to do was think of its heart failing and its arteries freezing.  Thud.  It fell and was dead, no gunshot, no following a blood trail, and no worrying about hitting that sweet spot where all the important organs were.  It made him sick, and it made him afraid.
Dragging it back to camp might have been hard if he didn't put the doe on a sled of slick ice.  That'll help keep it longer anyway.  He thought.  He'd work on levitation and telekinesis next.
When he returned to his camp, he stopped short.  Voices were coming from his camp, and he was sad to recognize them.  He peeked around a tree and saw the two stoners rummaging through his things.  Looking for munchies and wrecking his setup.  He watched in growing frustration as the aemon knocked over one of his rain catchers and spilled water over his sleeping area.  The ogre stared at the outlying farms and skyline as if he were gazing into the deepest depths of space and life.
A grin came over Xavier's face, as he thought of a new spell to try.  The air was damp for how chilly it was, and he used that.  Hidden behind the tree he condensed the air around his camp and froze the ruined rainwater.  The two were so disconnected that they didn't notice any of it, not even the aemon complained about the cold.
He pulled together enough ice to do it, and now it was down to his animating skills.  If he pulled this off, he knew this would be a tremendously useful.  He looked back at the deer, wondered for an instant if he was poaching, and refocused himself on the task at hand.  The ice took shape, and it formed into a golem that looked exactly like his true self as a werewolf.  Enough water was left over that he even gave this proxy his old sword.
The ice puppet stood as tall as the aemon.  Its rippling texture resembled fur but was as transparent as liquid glass.  Xavier manipulated its very particles and made its movements fluid.  With all his concentration he had it walk toward the aemon, who was just beginning to see it.  Then, conjuring up the memories of his lycanthropic bellows, he ventriloquized the roar he had heard himself use in his dream of Chrissenia.
The guttural sound was a twin of his true roar, and it had the desired effect on the aemon.  The horned, maroon skinned man fell back into the cold damp grass in horror and spun himself back up in one terrified motion of survival instinct.  He ran behind the ogre and toward Glade's interior.  The ogre broke away from his soul searching stare, and it seemed he sobered.  He followed his companion into the woods, and Xavier had the golem follow for a short distance, swinging its icy sword and growling like a wild animal.

Six
He sat that night in front of the fire, eating cooked but gamy meat.  The golem had been slow and a little awkward, but he had kept it upright and made it project the sounds he wanted.  With more practice he could summon up little contingents.
That he would have to use to slaughter people.  It always came down to that.
The deer, frozen when he wanted it to be and cooked when he was hungry, lasted him until the rest of the volunteer army began appearing.  The Order came first almost as if they were meeting up with him.  It was the first time he saw them acting as a group since they abandoned him at the mine, and comparing this to that unsettled him.  Partheus and Patricia were not there as far as he could tell, and there weren't so many there that he thought they could be lost in crowds.
The whole of the makeshift army gathered in half an hour.  It was dusk, and the siege would be just before dawn.  The army, the soldiers and war mages, all huddled together in tents within the forest's lines.  The Order invited itself to stay with Xavier at his camp and talk strategy.  He sat with them, not engaging but not ignoring either.
They went over (once again it seemed) how best to spare civilians and get to the governor's manor.  They told him that governors had less access to crystal armaments and manpower; they would not be fighting Leviathans.
The plan was to pass through the cornfields, cross the paved road, and enter Morphus before rush hour.  Hopefully the "civies" would still be drinking their morning coffee and would leave their front doors closed until the city was taken over.  Hodge explained that the governors were not stupid; they knew The Order would be coming.  They just didn't know which first and when.  He explained that as they were taken down, or hopefully conceded, that the battles would be fiercer.  A process of elimination would make them more and more prepared, but this first one should be easy.  Should.
They told Xavier where the manor would be and that it couldn't be seen through the skyline.  It was on the wealthy side of town just beyond the business district.  If they got to it early enough, there was a chance that none of the workforce would be caught in crossfire.  They were to expect ballistae, gunfire, and limited magical ordinance.
He fell asleep that night wishing he could stay up and reminisce with them, maybe talk to Salina and catch up.  See if Arthur had any words of wisdom or at least a distasteful joke.  What made him happy was that, just before his mortal body drifted away, he heard those things.

Chapter Nine

One
Salina kicked him awake and walked away before he could say anything to her.  He rolled upright and saw the first risers wandering out of Glade.  None of them wore any armor, and that bothered him, and he had none either.
Arthur was directing the soldiers into lined formations, and Nelrene was organizing the lines into sets of five.  Arthur waved Xavier over and pointed to an empty plot next to a line of novians and elves.  Then the werewolf threw a circular motion out with his wrist, and four people lined up behind Xavier.  Nelrene came by after this, told Xavier to stay where he was, and realigned the troops behind him.  Good, he thought, make me responsible.  When she moved on to another line, he looked back to see just what group he was leading into probable death.
A tall woman stood behind him, a dogman that looked like a Labrador.  A rifle rested on her shoulder, and the natural way she let it sit there encouraged Xavier.  She looked down at the novian and either began smiling or getting angry.  She showed teeth, but it was hard for Xavier to know how to interpret that from the canine peoples.  Behind her was an elf without any visible weapons, so he might be another mage.  Behind him was another novian, dark skinned but with hair just as bright as Xavier's, and in his hands he clasped a little red leather bound book with a gray tassel hanging out of the binding.  Towering over the novian was an elf with a serious look engraved on his face and a scoped rifle propped on the tongue of his left boot.
While he was still looking back, the dogman put out a padded hand. "I'm Mara Rosehall."
"Xavier Pontius." He shook her hand, thinking somewhere far back in his mind that it was rude to shake a woman's hand unless she offered it first.
Then the elf behind her, "Branth Milster." Then the novian, "Gabriel Asura." And the stern faced elf. "Alistair"
A voice in Xavier's head started up.  Not Siegfried's voice, but his own.  He was talking to someone, a memory, but couldn't see who. "You don't name the animals that you know are getting butchered." He had said.  And the other asked why, but Xavier couldn't even remember if it was a man or woman, or a child or friend. "You get attached.  And if you kill something you're attached to, a part of you dies."
Two
He never even noticed that his feet were moving forward until they hit the cornfields.  Mara and the elves could be heard behind him, pushing aside stalks.  The one in the rear was grunting and muttering complaints, but Xavier and the other novian had their heads conveniently low.
Then they passed the roads and walked into the city.  Everything was quiet, and with all that silence, Xavier could hear into the houses and apartment.  He could hear the subtle drone of alarm clocks going off and televisions playing the morning news.  If he were still a werewolf, he believed he'd be able to hear rodents in the walls of the inactive houses and closed shops.  
It was quiet until the wealthy district.
There was a whistle from one of The Order ahead, and the five werewolves dispersed and ran forward.  A moment later the footsteps were no longer silent, and fireballs began lobbing through the air and to the roofs of mansions.  A sharp crack, and one of the mages in another line fell down with his skull split in half.  More fireballs, and then the cracks began on this side and sent bullets toward the houses.  Snipers rested in windows and on balconies but were already beginning to be choked by smoke.
Salina appeared in a window in the upper hall of one of the great houses.  Her clothes were riddled by holes and splattered with blood.  Xavier watched her pass from window to window, swinging his old sword.
A thin dome appeared around Xavier and his group as the other novian chanted a simple phrase over and over.  It made a springy sound as bullets began pelting it but not penetrating.  The elf at the back moved up and crouched beside Xavier and began aiming.  Mara did likewise, and the other elf Branth stood beside her.  Gabriel continued chanting with his red book flung open, Alistair took a few shots, and Branth began hurling out bolts of electricity.
Xavier started freezing anyone that came out of the houses with a weapon.  No one on either side had a uniform or a banner linking them together, and it made him wonder if any of the people they were fighting were really just citizens defending themselves from an organized mob.

Three
Their group moved forward as did what remained of the other lines, and the enemy pushed down the street from house to house.  The manor was at the end of a cul-de-sac and protected by gates and surrounding buildings.
A house fell beside them, and Branth staggered out of the bubble in reflex.  As he tried to get back into the protective veil, Xavier looked at him and watched his body be punctured by wild bits of metal.  The elf stumbled in, high on adrenaline and clutching the wet parts of his torso that he thought were only sweat.  The color left his face, and his limbs went limp.  Branth's chest rose and fell a few times and stopped.  And they pushed on.
It had been cloudy that morning, and now it rained.  The droplets bounced off the shield and flowed around them like a car windshield.  Mara stopped firing and tapped the cryomancer on his shoulder. "Can you make me something to steady my shots?" She asked Xavier.
He halted his barrage of little clear spikes and noticed her.  He drew water under the shield and froze it into a tripod with a grooved plate on top.  Alistair did not ask for one, but Xavier made one for him as well before he turned back to the enemies.  They were only a hundred yards from the manor now.
Four
The governor's house had five balconies all with swinging double doors.  There was an iron fence surrounding the property and hedge animals in the front yard.  Behind the house was a vineyard, and wine cellars encompassed the place.  It was made of tanned bricks and white marble with a gray slate roof.  The fence's gate was bolted shut and barricaded with cars and ice.
The army advanced, and the balcony doors flung open and revealed the ballistae they'd been warned about.  The Order members tore down the gate and began moving the cars, as the giant bolts began raining from the balconies.  The opposition manning the spear hurtling machines ignored the werewolves and aimed at the troops.
Death came through the barrier and to Alistair.  His rifle dropped like a toy as he was pushed back and impaled on the bolt.  There were a few moments between the impact and his death when he managed to throw out a few curses and words of regret, but then he only hung in place, pinned off the ground by the spike embedded into the wet street.
Xavier stopped fighting and put his efforts into strengthening Gabriel's shield.  He didn't understand the magic completely or why the other novian had to keep chanting to keep it going, but he added layers of ice and added what understanding he had of it into its force.  The shield thickened and left Mara to do the attacking.
She picked off attackers from the ground, while others took care of the balconies.  Now they were in the courtyard.  It seemed to Xavier that time was moving forward faster than normal, almost as if pieces of it were being skipped over.  Someone was thrown from a balcony, and he knew one of the werewolves had gotten up there.  Mara said something, but he couldn't hear it over the excitement, and she continued firing.
The front doors opened and fighters poured out.  A few were killed, but the rest dropped their weapons and raised their hands.  Not the surrender Hodge had been hoping for, but it was better than total devastation.  Guns dropped and bullets stopped.  The fires and arcs and flying shards of ice ceased, and silence pervaded the air in a slow and calming breath.
Five
Then the governor's voice was heard over the sounds of injured warriors and burning houses. "What are you doing?" Not even a question.  He repeated this over and over, each time with more fluster.  He appeared in the open doorway behind his tired soldiers.  Xavier felt a twinge of anger at his sight, as he could've been Dahzir's twin. "Nothing but bandits!" He said and picked up one of the dropped guns.
As the governor held up the rifle, making to shoot wildly, Xavier froze the inner workings of the gun.  Then he pushed the ice into the aemon's fingers, through his blood, and up his finely dressed arms.  Before the governor had time to look at those his ire burned for, his whole body was utterly frozen, and his heart had been stopped.  A moment passed, and what was the governor of Morphus broke apart.  Salina appeared behind, sheathing the great sword and shaking her head.  The rest of The Order came seconds later.
Hodge stepped out of the manor.  He looked down at the shards that were once a body and smoothed back his short, unchangeable hair. "Well," he began and then loudened, "not the peaceful surrender we wanted.  But it is still a victory." And then even louder to the troops whose ears had been rattled by all the commotion, "You all performed wonderfully!  This is your victory!" He sounded rehearsed and unemotional, but the response ignored that and the streets filled with cheers from the still standing soldiers and even some from the wounded.
Six
There was a cleanup, captures, and then a feast behind the manor.  Xavier, Mara, and Gabriel were commended for their teamwork, and general morale seemed to be up.  That was just great, but there were more cities and more governors, and there would be more death.  But he put that all aside and enjoyed the victory, had to if he wanted to keep going.
Those who had survived grouped together with what remained of their lines, and Xavier was given an opportunity to know the pair that had stuck with him through all the hell.  He sat at a table that had once been in the manor, and he didn't think it would ever find its way back in.  Gabriel and Mara sat across from him.  They all had glasses of good wine, spoils of war he supposed.
The pantries had enough food stored to serve their little army, but Xavier thought that if the casualties had been less, there wouldn't be.  Gabriel pecked away at garlic bread, while Mara defleshed a plate of chicken legs.  Xavier was hungry, had been hungry, but all he could do was roll his food around on his plate and take a bite of something every minute or two.  Down the table were groups of relishing fighters, and the other tables had their own versions of the warriors of Valhalla.
Mara wiped bits of chicken skin out of the fur of her muzzle and in the process got particles of food in the fur of her hands.  Xavier couldn't help but think that was cute.
"So where are you from?" Gabriel asked Xavier.  He stank of garlic.
"Huh?" Xavier heard, but this was a reflex. "Bellshire.  It's over in the Western Territories.  Right outside of Cordun."
"Potomys is the governor of that region, isn't he?"
He had to think about that, not sure. "Yeah." He hoped that was right.  You're being rude.  Ask him where he's from.  And aren't these two familiar looking?  "Where are you from?"
"Mara and I are from Chrissenia, but we both live in Redora now."
I should've known.  His appetite came back, and he began hurting the plate.  Nevermind if it was rude to talk with food in his mouth; these people owed him. "So why do you think they need an army to do this?"
"Well," He stopped, "I'm not entirely sure now that you bring it up."
Mara started up. "This is the people's war against the government.  The Order's just organizing it." She leaned forward, and Gabriel leaned back. "The governors don't have all the high-tech stuff the Leviathans do, but I think they're afraid of being caught again.  The one that Dahzir was puppeting . . ."
"Hodge." Xavier tried not to sound too knowing.
"Yeah him.  Well him getting caught in one of their magic nets is what started the whole mess."
"And got all of us evicted from our home." Gabriel added.
"And they don't want a repeat of that.  I mean, that stuff's powered with crystal, and the governor's aren't permitted to have crystal."
Xavier nodded.  His plate was empty. "But that doesn't mean they don't have it." He wiped his face on his arm, ever the example of good manners.  He looked at his companions.  T-shirts, jeans, they were civilians.  Everyone here was. "What uhh, what are we waiting on now?  The fight's over."
Mara. "I think we're waiting on everyone to finish eating and settle down.  Then I guess Hodge or one of them will give us leave or tell us to march somewhere else."
Seven
Just as she had guessed, once everything calmed down, Arthur showed up and began calling lines up.  Some of them were whole, some were down to one, and a couple had been wiped out or deserted.  Leave, leave, leave, that was what he told them.  Xavier wondered why he would call them up one by one if everyone was getting a rest, but he thought he knew why.  Good thing they were courteous enough to call his work and resign him.
Xavier's group was last to be called, and almost all the others had already left.  They stood up and walked in the same order they had when going into Morphus.  Gabriel, the smallest of the three, wobbled a bit with wine in his belly.
Xavier looked up at the man with his smug face and red hair and bad temper.  He felt the familiarity between them and the disconnection.  Words began pouring out of the Brit's mouth, and the novian knew immediately that he could finish for him.
"Xavier Pontius, Mara Rosehall, Gabriel Asura." I commend you. "We commend you." I was close.  Something, something, assignment. "We mourn the loss of Branth Milster and Carus Alistair with you.  They fought well." He cleared his throat and handed Xavier a letter that didn't seem to be in his hand the moment before. "The three of you had some magnificent displays of teamwork out there and, trusting in your capable synergy, we have prepared a group mission for the three of you." He yawned, and Xavier knew it was just for effect. "Nothing too dangerous if you keep your heads straight.  We need you three to scout out Pathosia, a sad place really." He laughed, proud of his Greek pun.  It both irritated Xavier and warmed his heart. "The details are in there, but the REAL details will be made by you three."
Xavier nodded, but the other two saluted and voiced a "thank you, sir." Perhaps he was being just a bit too familiar with his old pals.

Chapter Ten

One
The three were alone behind the ruined manor, and Xavier opened the letter.  He supposed he was the lead, which also meant he was responsible for them.  As he began reading the orders, he wondered for a moment if either of them had known Folas.
Gabriel stood on his toes to see over Xavier's shoulders, which the former werewolf found amusing.  Mara bent down behind.  At some point she had picked her rifle up again, and now it rested propped on Xavier's back.  They read together, and the assignment was simple.  It came with directions to the city and some suggestions on what to look for.  It seemed to suggest that The Order would try to make the city cave from within, if they could.
There were orders to stop in an outlying town called Sul and pick up a money drop off for the three of them. "We'll pick up new clothes there." He said and pocketed the orders. "And think about fake names while we're there.  And fake business.  I imagine the governors will be looking for anything suspicious in their front lawns."
"Should we leave now, or wait for morning?" Mara asked.
Good good, they were asking for decisions, so he was the leader.  He looked at the clearing sky, wished he had a watch or could remember what he did with his phone.  Afternoon, early. "We'll get on the train.  Sul will take a full day on the train to get to anyway, unless we can commandeer one of the Leviathan's airships." He watched Mara sling her rifle onto her back, and he cloaked it.  She looked back, as if thinking the strap broke. "They don't need to see that."
Two
Morphus was on lockdown.  Even though only the wealthy section had any collateral damage, the whole city kept its doors closed and its streets empty.  The walk to the station was cold and damp and silent.  Water dripped from roofs and splashed on the gray pavement like it was the only thing to ever touch the street.  Blinds were closed and lights were off.  Nice, quiet, and unsettling.  Xavier took glances at the windows and roofs, half expecting someone to blow his brains out from one of them.  His companions followed, their boots striking up water and adding to the white noise.
The station was a monument to everything colorless and drab.  Slate roof on the station house, bleached concrete at the loading dock, locomotive that appeared retired, a Roman numeral black and white clock mounted next to the ticket window, and a schedule board that looked like it had been taken from an ancient schoolhouse.
Xavier stepped up to the counter and looked in.  There was a desk, papers strewn about, and a door leading into a back room.  A press bell was bolted to the counter, but it probably wouldn't be loud enough to get through that door.  Grandor had been right about mages, and Xavier sensed someone behind that door.  Not a wizard by the feel of it, but a guy who could light his cigarettes without a match.  He pushed down the plunger of the bell, and it chimed resonantly.  The man behind the door was afraid, and he would not come.  So Xavier tried a new magic.
They live just down the street, nice folks.  Didn't even know about the incident at the governor's house.  You'd be the first to tell them about it.  Off to visit friends, that's all.  He pushed these thoughts at the mind behind the door.  There was some resistance, as the man knew deep down that his mind was being invaded.  But Xavier overpowered the doubts and caution, pressing these thoughts into the man's consciousness.  He hammered it in until he was certain the man believed it, unaware that a bit more would ruin the attendant's psyche.
The door swung open, and one of the papers on the desk slid off and drifted lazily to the floor.  A stout dwarf with wavy black hair covering the majority of his head lumbered from the backroom, swiping breadcrumbs from his shirt and beard. "Hey, there!" He said, resting his thick elbows on the counter behind the wall of glass. "The city's on lockdown.  There was a battle up at the governor's house with those Order people and their militia."
Mara began to say something, but Xavier cut her off. "Then it might still not be safe here, huh?" The dwarf nodded at him. "But we have to get to Sul, and it would probably be safer to get out of the city altogether."
"Yeah, but the line's down, bud.  All trips cancelled.  The train won't move with the engineer and conductor holed up in the engine 'til the green light's up."
These folks REALLY need to get to Sul.  Give them a break.  He felt something in the dwarf's mind crumbling and pulled back there. "If we can convince them to take us, can we go?"
"Y-yeah." He rubbed his forehead.  A headache was coming. "If it's ok with them." A wince. "Here, just hop over the turn.  You have . . . ?"
"Yeah, we all have passes."
They jumped over the turnstile and walked across the boarding dock.  The train's doors were locked, but Xavier worked the mechanisms and unlocked the door before pulling it open.  They all stepped in, and he walked to the front of the train.  He pushed thoughts into the engineer and conductor, and the train began lurching forward.  With the last bit of room he had before breaking their sanity, Xavier convinced them to stay in the engine until his party got off.
Three
The ride was quiet for a time, as the three sat in a cracked leather booth.  The cab shook on bad track every few minutes, a tremor here and there.  It was as if the farther one got from the capitol the shoddier things became.  Mara and Gabriel sat together across from Xavier, who knitted his hands neatly in his lap and daydreamed as he looked out a foggy window.  Somewhere far away he could hear his companions whispering to one another, before he realized they'd been chatting for some time.
Gabriel's voice rose and broke Xavier's listless chain of thoughts. "That was some impressive telepathy you used.  Who was your teacher, if I might ask?"
He thought about lying, use some other made up name of a teacher from that false homeland, but he decided to tell the truth, part of it.  If it was too ridiculous, they wouldn't believe, would probably let it go as personal. "Self-taught." He replied and then, wondering if it was arrogant or not added, "That was my first attempt."
Gabriel's face contorted.  It was obvious that he was considering if such a thing could be true and if he should call Xavier out on it.  Then he looked at Mara, whose invisible rifle was resting standing up between her knees, and shrugged.  He was letting it go, maybe thought Xavier had an odd sense of humor.
A daydream crept back in, and he wondered if there was any good music on Destursha.  He tried thinking of a song that would fit this moment, but he stopped.  That was a good thing he would ponder about before falling asleep later, but he didn't think his partners would be able to reminisce about his tastes.  He looked at Mara's rifle, visible only to him. "I'll uncloak that when it's safe." He reconsidered. "We may have to hide that somewhere."
"What about my spellbook?" Gabriel asked.
He hadn't thought of that. "That too, if there's anything in it that could suggest you're a mage.  I imagine there is."
"How?"
Xavier wanted to say he once planted a sword in a stone Arthurian style, but that wasn't believable even if they did understand it. "Let me worry about that.  It wouldn't be my first time hiding something valuable." Good, now you sound like a thief.
Mara looked down at the novian beside her. "I could use a shower when we get to Sul.  My fur's starting to get matted."
"We'll be tired when we get there, and by the time we're stocked up for Pathosia it'll be late.  We can stay the night in Sul, somewhere with a shower."
Gabriel asked, "Should I write down lodging expenses, in case we can get reimbursed?"
That seemed so far from importance to Xavier that he was tempted not to answer.  He did. "If you have a way to write it down, or just ask for a receipt, go ahead." You don't know anything about espionage, and clearly these two don't either.  Think of something though, this is important.  But he couldn't.
Four
Time and miles passed by.  The crew kept the whole thing chugging along.  They'd wonder why they did it later, what with the lockdown.  By then Xavier and his team would be on their way to the next governor.  
The red sun set.
There was a dining area in one of the cabs.  Though it lacked fresh food and attendance, the three managed to find less perishable foods stored there.  Bags of crackers and peanuts mostly, which reminded Xavier of airline food though he'd never flown and knew these two never did.  Mara and Gabriel shared their food casually, and signs of something between them became apparent.  They were too buddy-buddy to just be acquaintances from Chrissenia.
They ate, and the once werewolf considered this.  Just what he needed, a couple.  If anything happened to either of them, he'd get to feel all the worse for it.  He could only hope they weren't prone to spats and quibbles.  There was no time or patience left for that.
The train rocked, and he began to pry.  The two gave him a little of their personal lives, but it was all edged with fence.  He knew they were hiding something, and he couldn't get it out of them.  After some time the conversation settled on past jobs.  What were you before all of this?  What do you want to do when it's all over?
Now it was dark outside, and he couldn't see the terrain, and he was tired.  This whole day was a rush leading to a crash.  He rolled over on the leather and looked up at the steel ceiling.  There were rusted bolts holding the roofing panels together, and he fell asleep.
Five
He was talking to Salina after going on a long journey with her.  He was taller than her and felt as light as the air that surrounded him, so he knew he was a werewolf again.  They stood in front of a great obsidian cliff side, as grand as Everest and as smooth and dark as space.  Tunnel openings were carved into its side, and Salina said something about Dracula hiding in there, for it was really not a mountain but a cavernous castle built into one.
She told him that once this was taken, they would be in charge.  Maybe the Leviathan's had some way to travel back to earth or at least open another rift.  Yes, as soon as Ichabod was overthrown.  Hadn't it just been Dracula?  Oh, these must be codenames.
He was happy to have gotten so much time getting to know her and told her so.  She reciprocated the sentiment, and he felt even lighter.
Just as soon as he felt the warmth of being appreciated by someone he cared for, it turned to ice.  He felt weight for the first time and saw his hands shrink as the world grew taller around him.  Salina began walking toward the black mountain castle, and he reached out and called for her.  After long adventures and all the bonding, all the struggles, he would settle for death and for the mundane if he could only feel that warmth another moment.  But as he called out to her, she kept walking, never turning back, never hearing.  She had never known him.
Six
It was still dark when he awoke, and his eyes were welling.  He knew it had been a dream, but at the same time he knew if he didn't choose his path wisely, that abandonment would come.  As he sat up in the booth, the others still asleep, he leaned against the cold metal wall by the window and wished he could just give this whole thing up.  Go live a simple life, as simple as a wizard could and let The Order pursue their own dreams.
He had died once and secured the title of martyr.  He thought he had it in him to let his dreams die as well.  So if they turned their backs on him again and his goals quashed by apathy, let it be.
The cold walls pressed ice into his veins, and the quaking of the train and its outside noises gave him the sense of ghosts.  As if they might be riding the black train through Hell.  He looked out the window at the darkness, no fire and molten magma, just cold and lifeless nothingness.  He wiped his face down, and the chill in his spine seemed to recede a bit.  That was enough rest for him.

Chapter Eleven

One
Mara and Gabriel woke up some time after the sun had been up.  No one was hungry or in a talkative mood, and Xavier returned his attention to what laid beyond the glass.  The two sat across from him and made their own glances at the expanse and then back to him, perhaps waiting for an order or some kind of decision.  He understood he was no more qualified to explain spying to them than a kindergartener, and he ignored their expectant glances and watched the land roll by.
A lifeless and barren place was outside the window.  Red dusty rock rolled out from the tracks like the wrinkles of an elderly hand.  It was porous and desolate, with endless crevices and nooks and nasty places to fall into.  He hoped the train would not roll over here, as this place seemed as hospitable to life as the surface of Venus.  Someday this would erode down into a new desert, but for now it was nothing more than an ankle breaking wasteland, devoid of all but a horizon that promised change.
He sat, and he thought, and he determined.  Hours passed, but his companions let him to his ponderings, maybe hoping he was building a plan or just praying he wouldn't snap at them.  His mind skipped over the subject of Pathosia continually and rested on thoughts of his old friends, of his old home and family.  If not that, then it would go forward to his end goals, the things that would take place after they trusted him again in that time of "what do you plan on doing after all this?" Pathosia would come and go, and he supposed it was nothing to worry on.  It would come and go, and he would not let it barricade him from his plans after that, so he didn't even concern himself with it.  The big picture was all that really ever mattered.
Two
"So I was thinking." Gabriel began.  They were only a few minutes from Sul. "You pick up on magic pretty quick, and you already know about cloaking spells." He waited for Xavier to take his eyes from lumpy rocks. "Maybe after we get an idea of what the place is like, you can get us all hidden and we can just go to wherever the governor will be and listen in.  Maybe we can get our hands on some papers.  I don't know."
Xavier met the gaze of his fellow novian and then glanced at the rifle.  Hiding from normal eyes was one thing, and even if another mage couldn't see something didn't mean they couldn't sense it.  It would be almost impossible to hide the three of them if there were mages around the governor, unless you were exceptionally skilled, which he might or might not be.  He couldn't reply.
The train began to slow, and he became aware of how fortunate they were not to have derailed on the way.  It stopped with a screech, and the first passenger door passed up the boarding dock.  To exit from it would promise a mild drop, some sprains, and a few good bruises if you were feeling lucky.  They, on the other hand, were several cars back and got off without incident.
Gabriel and Mara stood by him on the cemented platform.  He had to look up to meet her eyes; he had to look up at everything.  Even in this offset town, the world was big and over his head.  He had a moment to wonder how the novians coped with staring at people's knees their whole life before Gabriel broke the thought.
"Do you think they're already here?"
"Yeah, they have someone here."
Gabriel crossed his arms.  He was almost comical next to Mara, like a gifted child trying to appear as serious as an adult. "Can you sense them?"
It hadn't even occurred to Xavier that he should try to . . . scan?  This was all intuition, good old fashioned, honest to goodness insight.  He thought so anyway. "Not that strong, but I guess you could say that."
After leaving the station and passing up its cold metal line rails with no one to direct, was a lone ogre, a man, standing like a statue who has lost all admirers.  He nodded at the three upon approach and handed them each an envelope.  He didn't need their names and handed the appropriate yellow paper pouch to each. When they had a firm grip on their credits, the ogre began slipping away as slyly as a basement shadow.  The idea that such a hulking man could manage to nonchalantly stroll away made Xavier think of something dark and clandestine, like the Frankenstein monster being a mafia informant.  The man didn't walk toward the station but down an alley, and Xavier didn't care to keep a tab on the messenger.
Three
They found a burger joint and went in to eat.  Sesame was a chain restaurant all over Destursha, a fast food place with slow employees.  The sandwiches were cheap and greasy, and Xavier passed on fries.  There were militias that would try to kill him, no need to get his heart in on the action.
The three sat at a booth with their identical meals and their lidded paper cups of soda.  The syrup in Xavier's was low, and it tasted like stagnant water.  He decided to dump it and get something else from the fountain once he finished his artery clogger.  But if that bacon cheeseburger didn't taste good.  No wonder these places flourished on every other street corner.
Mara's rifle was resting against the wall beside her.  She was on the inside of the booth, and Xavier had forgotten that she'd carried a military grade firearm into a bum eatery.  He wondered if she had more ammo or if The Order had supplied.
Somehow he was the first to finish eating.  He wasn't even hungry, but he thought Mara would pack away food quicker than the two halflings.  She was bigger for one, and she was also . . . careful, you're stepping into racist territory.  Am I?  I mean she's.  He considered.  Yeah, a dog.  Watch it.
The fountain was a long rectangular piece of plastic with steel nozzles and a stainless tray underneath with a grate overtop a water channel.  There was ice and cold morning coffee sitting in the channel, not flowing into the drain.  He had tried OceanLime, but that was no good.  He found birch soda and applied pressure to the little white PUSH label with a thumb and let it whine the stuff into his cup underneath.  He stopped it with just a bit in the container, took a swig and was satisfied.  He filled it up.
He didn't see how much the others got for pay, and he decided not to bring it up.  There was a feeling, not in his gut but right in front of his mind just behind the eyes, that he might have been given more money.  Of course, if he was the commanding officer, that would only make sense.  But when did he get to be a CO?  Did he even have a rank?  As far as he was concerned he wasn't above them, not one inch.  And getting a few more troths to spend on beef jerky, he knew, could be a nice seed of distrust.
He sat back down at the booth and poked a straw into the lid of his cup.  He didn't sip right away and thought he would probably take it to go.  Gabriel and Mara had finished their sandwiches while Xavier was up.  Now the three of them sat with Mara's basket of cooling fries in the middle of them.
"You can both have some." She said, glancing at the boys.  She focused on Gabriel. "Can you grab some ketchup?  I forgot."
"Sure thing." The novian replied.  But there was something withheld about it.  He was going to add "honey" or "dear" or maybe even "sugar baby." Not sure, but it was something like that.
Xavier became tempted to read one of their thoughts.  Something about that seemed low, like he'd be reading a diary.  He looked up at Mara, who had remembered to throw a packet of salt onto the potato sticks. "No thanks." He said and meant it. "I've never been a big fan of fries, more of an onion ring man myself."
"That's fine." She replied. "Gabe loves them, and I know he was just waiting for me to give the green light.  Honestly he should've just ordered his own.  Orion knows he'd shovel that away."
Xavier shakes his head, partly to humor her and partly because the idea of someone loving the grease fries so much baffles him.  Be careful not to call them French fries.  They're just potato fries here. "At least they won't go to waste while he's around."
Gabriel sat down next to Mara with some red tomato paste. "Are you two going to help me?" It was a large basket.
"I'll eat a few." Mara replies.
"I'll pass." Xavier says. "But thanks anyway."
Gabriel began packing away fries, and Xavier starts on his refill.  He sat contently; these two are okay in his book.  Then he listens, not quite intentionally, to a conversation three tables away being tossed back and forth by a pair of old dwarves.  They were talking, almost arguing as dwarves do, about some sort of game from the night before.  Xavier wasn't up on sports, especially since he hadn't seen a television in a month, but he thought things here weren't much different than they were back on earth.
Four
His cup of soda was almost empty again by the time they crossed the street to a plaza of stores.  The air had a sharp chill to it, and the sun was hidden behind a wall of floating gray water. They were farther north now, not as far up as Redora but closer to the pole than Morphus.  He tossed the cup into a trash bin.  There was still some liquid at the bottom that the straw couldn't pick up.
There were no shopping carts in what he thought of as the parking lot.  No spaces either.  Next to no one owned a vehicle, and he supposed people must carry bags and walk.  He'd heard that in the East Region, especially around Daskin, cars were somewhat normal.  
There were four stores and a bank.  From left to right a hardware store, grocery market, furniture rental, and a discount shop.  The bank was between the grocery place and the rental store.  People were going in and out of each every few minutes, a slow afternoon.
He frowned.  None of this would do them a bit of good.  There would be food in Pathosia, and he was sure there would be couches, too.  Maybe even some two by fours.  He looked over at his companions who were standing and gazing at the single divided building.  They looked like tourists staring at the Grand Canyon, gawking about how big it was and how small it made them feel. "Let's find a place to stay and maybe a place to get a change of clothes." He said this and looked about unconsciously.  He knew no one was watching or listening, could feel it he supposed.  He did it anyway though, couldn't help but to.  
A scrawny draken man walked out of the hardware store.  He looked to Xavier a lot like one of those Jesus lizards that could run on water.  He also looked shady, like the scrawniness was from self-abuse, probably some kind of addiction.
"Well, we aren't going to get either of those things standing here like we're lost." Mara broke into Xavier's wondering concentration. "Let's head up the street." She cocked a clawed thumb. "I saw a Medicant.  They probably have postcards there and local brochures.  Maybe we can get a general route to take to Pathosia.  That place always has a sister store in town, and they show you it on a map with other landmarks.  It'll be there as soon as we walk in."
"Maybe they have some Nasil." Gabriel said. "I didn't think to bring any from home.  I mean, I didn't know we'd be gone so long."
"Are your allergies still bothering you?  It's fall now."
"Indoor ones, too.  Not as bad, but every now and again I go into a fit of sneezing."
"I know you do." And at this point, Xavier felt very much outside of this conversation and considered if it would be more inappropriate to walk away or to stick around.
"Fine." Xavier says and pivots the balls of his feet and starts walking.  He's not comfortable standing around.  Mara strides past him, and Gabe follows suit.
Five
The drugstore is white and bright and chalked full of cream colored bottles on ramshackle shelves.  There are butterfly catching nets in a bin with plastic bats next to the shampoo aisle.  A separate aisle, the only one predominately not screaming white, is filled with cheap cards and little envelopes.  There is a steel wired bin full of harvest decorations, which are mostly orange.  Gabriel searches the allergy/indigestion aisle for his medication, while Mara examines the map hanging over the wall behind the front counter register.  An old elven man with a freckled, or maybe liver spotted face is standing ready by the register with his hands behind his back.  He is regarding Xavier, who is standing apart from Mara with his arms crossed and his chin tilted toward the shelves of candy bars and mini bags of chips sitting on his side of the counter.
"There's an Inn and Out a few blocks away.  Other than that, there's an Aristocrus on the other side of town, but that's pricey." Mara shifts her weight.  She is in a drugstore with a high powered rifle strapped to her back.
"You folks visiting?" The old elf asks.
"Yeah." Xavier says without looking up.  He is studying the beef jerky prices and trying to remember what he paid last time.  He just ate, but he thinks he could go for some jerky in a little while.
"For the Steel Forest concert?"
Mara, who actually listened to that washed up old rock band, replied. "Yup.  We're all big fans, really looking forward to the new album."
Xavier didn't know how she could listen to that with how good her ears must be.  The old man goes on, "You three be careful tonight.  The Panthedome will be flooding over."
Has Siegfried been pumping these people with Greek?
Mara answers, "Front row tickets."
"Well, I hope you guys have a good time.  Steel Forest was my favorite band for a long time." Then the old man segues. "So did you need anything or-"
"Just checking the map, and Al's getting his allergy medicine so he doesn't blow snot all over the drums."

Chapter Twelve

One
They checked into a room at the Inn and Out.  Room number six by the pool filled with leaves that needed drained soon.  The clerk asked Xavier if two beds would be fine, and Gabe said that it was.  The place sat between a vacant lot with the sign "Wardrobe Emporium Coming Soon!" in it, and a grocery store that had petrol pumps under lock and key by the back door.  The clerk asked Xavier for a photo ID, and he gave it.  It was a real ID, but everything on it was fake.  They paid in cash.
Xavier was given the key, which was a green thing with flakes of white paint peeling off of it.  When he opened the door to the dark room, he heard something scuttle under something else.  He killed it with a thought and its many kin that were living in the wall, no effort there.  He turned on a light, Gabe stood at the door, and Mara walked past the second bed and pulled the seemingly imaginary rifle from her back and rested it against the wall that was now insulated by a dead colony of circular shaped roaches.
"I forgot you still . . ." Gabriel paused and looked about, "had that thing to be honest."
"Never leave home without it." She said, and Xavier thought he detected a bit of huskiness to her voice.  He wanted to move, as standing between the two during this foreplay made him uneasy.  She went on, "But lugging this around all day and night is getting annoying.  Do you think it'll be okay here while we grab supplies?"
There was a moment or two of Xavier being perceptibly lost in thought.  He'd reasoned with himself that his companions were sharing a personal dialogue and let himself wander.  For that brief moment before he answered her, he was wondering if Salina would ever talk to him that way.  Or any woman, really.  Cathrine was on his mind, too, comparing relationships.  Then he heard Mara's question resonate in his ear.  He did what he could to make himself appear to be thinking about it, though he knew right away. "Yeah," He bit down on his lower lip and looked up at the ceiling.  Good show you're putting on.  Feels very genuine. "should be fine."
"What should we do now?" Gabe asked, leaning against the threshold.
"What time is it?" None of them had a watch or a phone handy.  Xavier scanned the room for a clock.
There was an ornate two hand clock composed of what appeared to be shadows at Gabe's feet. "Quarter till one." He said and mumbled something.  The clock faded.
Neat trick.  You'll have to log that one away for later.  Bet you won't even need to recite like he does. "That's convenient." Xavier touched his chin.  There was a thick stubble coming in on his face that he wasn't making grow out the way he was his artificial hair.  He'd forgotten about that piece of nature. "Is there a bathroom back there?" To Mara who was closest to a little corner with a door at the back of the room.  She opened the door and nodded. "A shower?" He asked, and she nodded again. "Then I'm going to get cleaned up.  I know I don't reek, but I've built up a layer of crust.  The two of you just stink." He smiled and realized that they were becoming friends. "If you guys take one after me, we'll probably want to go find clothes next."
Xavier entered the bathroom and closed the door.
Two
The room was small, the toilet had no lid, and the sink was made of plywood with a plastic basin.  The shower had no curtain or door, and its head was pointed at the wall so as to not cover the floor in water.  No complementary bottle of shampoo or a bar of soap, just a crack in the corner where a yellow crust was erupting.  A mirror above the sink wore a gray coat of film like solid condensation.  There were stains on the floor and walls, most looking like barbecue sauce.
He turned on the nozzle and let the cold water bounce against the shower wall.
When Xavier finished, he noticed that there were no towels in the bathroom.  For that matter there wasn't toilet paper either, things to be picked up if they all wanted to take another shower in the morning.  
He's not the kind of clean he would like to be that comes with the soaps and such, but he's taken off his layer of crud.  He evaporates the water from his skin.  Then he slips his old clothes back on.  They should be musty with his odor, but he's been making sure that they wouldn't be.  Now the room is damp, and there is no window to let the steam out.
Mara goes after him, and the two novians sit across from each on respective beds and watch the outdated television.  A midafternoon show about an ex-Leviathan who now does counseling for criminally dramatic individuals is playing.  It is set in a large room with an audience.  The set itself is an absolutely plush looking assortment of chairs and a couch.  The former Leviathan, a rather dweebish looking elf, is sitting in his chair with his cup of coffee beside him on a little oak stand.  Sitting on the couch is a young couple of aemon, a scrawny man and pudgy woman.  The woman is going on and on about her friend Marten and how Iticus (Xavier assumes by her body language that this is the scrawny man next to her) won't stop spending time with him.  She claims that she is convinced Iticus is no longer interested in her or women, and that he is hiding feelings about Marten.  The scrawny man denies this and claims that Marten and he are good friends and that from time to time he is simply tired of Aeria.  He goes on to say that she never wants to do any of the things he wants to do anymore and, get this, he's upset about it.  All the while the quack therapist is nodding and sipping at his cup of sludge, pretending that he had at least some semblance of understanding.  The host then puts down his drink, the audience is on the edge of their seats waiting for him to call the situation, and he announces that someone is in the back and would like to speak with the couple.  Dead silence from the audience, a real whammy must be coming.  Enter left stage, behind the elf comes an aemon man in jean shorts and a pink shirt tied up on his chest like a bra.  He is wearing makeup and swinging his hips femininely as he walks to a chair adjacent of the host's.  The elf tells Marten that he is welcome on the show after the audience stops whistling and screaming as if they've all been given free mansions.  The elf goes for a handshake but receives a hug, and then both sit down.  Iticus is now looking away shamefully and, of course, he'll be next up to bat with a "So what do you and Marten do that Aeria doesn't want to?"
Xavier changes the station by moving the knob on the TV telekinetically.  He's trying to be careful, because after that sideshow he is afraid he might tear the box of wires and gas apart.  There is a soap opera on where people are well lit in what looks like an impossibly dark room, there is a children's show about a talking tiger who guards the Dark Forest with math and vocabulary lessons, a few static channels, and an appraisal show showcasing cheesy jewelry in rotating glass displays.  He looks at Gabe, who is now smirking, and asks, "Anything you want to watch?"
"Are you kidding me?  Channel seven with the snow static is a hit.  I can't get enough of that." He laid down on top of the bedspread. "The rest of those shows were trash though."
Xavier leans back against the headboard of his own bed.  These two that he's been assigned with are turning out to be fine people.  He flips through the stations again and pauses on the drama therapy show, meaning to shut the thing off in the same place he turned it on.  But the stuff shirt elf and his clan of society's paid acting dregs are nowhere to be seen.  Commercials are on and are somehow more entertaining than the show.  The screen goes black after a fair voiced young woman finishes her listing of endless side effects from an antacid, and soulful music begins playing.  A dwarven man and his family are standing outside of their home, a deteriorating trailer, and huddled together like refugees.  He begins talking about how mismanaged the country has been between Trothos and Dahzir.  "It's hard just to keep up with the taxes." He says and goes on that none of it goes back to the people.  A slideshow of busted up roads and raggedy children starts, and Xavier is reminded of charity drives he used to see on earth.  Then they show some of the more opulent cities, governors' city-states and especially the few that were run by the royal family.  There is contrast, it shows, of lavish cities with cars and fine houses and towns that can't afford shoes.  The man says, "We are one country, one world.  But we are divided.  We need leaders that will put us first.  We need order." The screen fades a bit, the slideshow resumes, and the music goes up just a decibel or two and is now in a violin section, which Xavier thinks might be the very instrument of sadness.  Large white letters phase onto the screen, contrasted by the somber background.  It reads, "We need unity and fairness." These fade away and are replaced by "We need The Order." A few more seconds of music, the letters fade away, and Xavier kills the TV's power.
"That is so true." Gabe said still staring at the ceiling. "There are places where no one can afford to feed their families, but they work three jobs all day.  The next town over, and you might manage just fine with one job.  It might even be the same job."
Xavier begins to nod off.  He's tired from the train ride, from his responsibilities, and thoughts.  The bed under him is not comfortable, but compared to the cab seats, it is a luxury mattress.

Three
He is standing at the edge of a cliffside overlooking a vast ocean.  The sky above him is a lifeless teal color under an unending expanse of foreboding clouds.  Waves crash up against the rocks below, furious but powerless against the land.  He looks down and sees a nondescript pair of pants under a black shirt with a mural of a snowy field.  He is not wearing shoes.  Then he notices he is not guised as the novian he calls Xavier and tries to shift, but there is no magic here, so he remains Cecil.
The air is impossibly refreshing on his skin, and he feels charged with a bottomless strength.  An urge to leap from the cliff washes over him, as he knows that if he jumped he would be able to fly.  He would soar over that gray ocean and let the salty winds run through his scalp.  He feels invincible.
There comes a footstep, soft and steady, behind him.  He doesn't look back, and somehow he knows he doesn't need to.  He is overwhelmed with joy that he can be back here on Earth with them.  Cecil can't seem to remember what all he's done since Sul, but the concern is meaningless to him.  A warm pair of hands wrap around his waist, and Salina props her head on his shoulder.  They don't speak but simply enjoy the view.
He looks at her, unable to express how happy he is to see her, but she understands the smile on his face and returns it.  He feels her press into his back, and he loves her warmth.  His hands go down and cover hers, and he tilts his head so that he is just barely resting against hers.
Cecil notices that her head has changed to its wolf shape and that Salina is now covered in fur.  Her tail wraps around him and goes overtop his hands.  She says something with her body language that he can't put into words, but he does know how to react.  He tries to transform the way she did, the way he once had.  But he cannot.  He looks at her sorrowfully, almost apologetically, but she is undeterred.  They embrace, and everything feels perfectly aligned to him.
Four
"Xav, you ready to go?" Gabriel asks, almost at the door.  Mara is next to him, smoothing the matted fur behind her ears.
"Huh." Xavier mumbles.  He can answer now, but he takes a moment to wish the dream hadn't ended.  He knows if it gets continued later, he won't remember. "Yeah, just a little groggy."

Chapter Thirteen

One
He never did enjoy clothes shopping.  Despite what it was for, it was no more enjoyable.  At least it was easy to find clothing for novians, but wasn't sure of what kind.  The other two didn't seem to be going through the same thought process as Xavier.  For him this was not merely finding things to cover up with but to be in cover with.  Did he want to buy jeans and T-shirts and look like a normal citizen, or did he want to dress up another notch, maybe to look like a health inspector or an upbeat entrepreneur.  He supposed he could dial it up a little higher even, throw in some of that mind bending power he seemed to have, and he could be a real go-getter, an executive or an impersonator for one of governor's aids.
Keep it simple.  He told himself and grabbed the working man pants and shirts.
Two
When they got back to the motel, he told them that they should spend the day learning what they could and, in general, relax.  It might be the last day they wouldn't be walking on ice.
They went their way, and he went his.  Truthfully he just wanted some time alone, time in which he could think and no one would try to pry his thoughts off of him with their metaphorical pennies.
He was thinking of her too much and too often.  Xavier was afraid that he might become obsessed and do something regrettable.  He'd begun having dreams about her, so how long would it be before he started acting out on his fondness, before he started writing letters and sending her clips of hair?  He thought never, but four years ago he would have said that he would never be a werewolf or a wizard, or come back to life on a technicality.  If he really felt for her, and he wasn't so sure he trusted his feelings, then perhaps it wasn't so unhealthy.  He didn't believe in falling in love through kindness or friendships or heroic deeds.  You either liked someone and could build onto that, or you didn't.
He needed some time to straighten this all out.
Three
Xavier finds himself in a park with lush grass and symmetrical trees.  After the wasteland, he never thought he'd see the green again.  There is a draken man sitting in the grass under an orange leafed oak; he is surrounded by acorns and playing an acoustic guitar.  The man has no turned up hat or guitar case at his feet.  He is playing just for the fun of it.  There is a fountain with its water source cut off, but there are still pigeons perched at the font waiting for handouts to come from the benches.
The park is not private enough.  It is a fine fall afternoon, and leafers are strolling through, gawking at all the colors and "Can you believe they turned like this?" They do every year.  He wants to be back in the Glade, where he could keep his own counsel.
It is still somewhat early in the afternoon when Xavier reaches the theater.  There is nothing good playing, but he buys a ticket for a low budget film.  The ticket man asks for an ID, but Xavier is tired of showing that false piece of plastic and shoots him a look that almost knocks the aemon off his stool.  The man lets Xavier in, forgetting the ID and what he had for breakfast.
The lobby appears clean, but the lights are dim and he doesn't think this is for cinematic effect.  There is a snack island in the center, complete with a popcorn machine and a pop fountain with an accompanying tub of ice.  There are two workers at this station, a tall elven man and a younger female ogre.  They are not busy in the slightest, and Xavier wonders why they need two people working now.  His screen is at the end of the lobby on the right side, and in between are old arcade machines, two of which are out of order.
Just as he had hoped, the movie is just starting and he has the room to himself.  If someone were to show up now, he thinks he'll just "convince" them to move as close to the front and far away from him as possible.  The room is dark and spacious, and Xavier believes he can block out the speakers' sounds if he wants to.  A fine room to contemplate in.
Sitting in the dark room alone he becomes fixated on his mental health.  He tries to latch onto something in his life that will upset him; he is looking for an excuse to cry.  There is a primal instinct in him that if he does so it will be the same as a dog eating grass in order for it to vomit, that he might in the same way clear out his system.  Nothing comes.  He has already dealt with his past and comes to a stark realization: he is happy.  Damn it, how can he be happy when he constantly longs to be a werewolf once again and be among kin, when he feels caught in perpetual isolation and utter loneliness?
Perhaps, old boy, you are perfectly fine.  Pretty sure obsessed people don't know they are obsessed or care to consider it.  Maybe that's it.  If only he had someone to bounce his thoughts off of other than the mirror he used in his mind.  Now this underdog that rises to a shining knight route might not get you the princess, let's be real.  But are you really doing anything wrong?  You heard Gabe, you're helping people.  He wonders if he made any progress in setting himself right, and he thinks he might have taken an imperceptible step forward.  It would have to do.
He watches the movie.
Four
As the screen goes black and white text begins scrolling, he gets up stiffly and walks out.  He wonders if he could make himself levitate around and force his clothes to flutter about as he did so.  From past fictional experiences that always seemed to be a sign that the wizard was exceptionally powerful, and intimidation has its uses.
"Did you enjoy the movie, sir?" Asks the aemon, recovered from his mind warp.  Something in the devil man's voice is reminiscent of "you were alone in there." Perhaps he emphasized the "you" just a tad.
Five or six years ago Xavier thinks a patronizing inflection like that would have made him ball his fists and say something snide.  He can see his boyish self, unmarred by all the heartaches of growing up, turning red and scowling.  The idea is so comical and true that the novian chuckles, which plays eerily into his reply.  The movie was supposed to be a real sympathetic tear-jerker. "It was fine." He said.
It was dusk now, and he was hungry.  He grabbed another healthy burger and soda combo at the pickup window of a Ring Swing and headed toward the edge of town.  He loved how settlements just ended abruptly here on Destursha.  Back on Earth the edge of town was followed by suburbs and rural communities.  In Sul, as in many other Desturshan towns, once Xavier passed up the last boarded up building at the end of the outskirts, there was nothing but rocks and plains, and time to be alone.
He walked into a field deep enough that he could no longer hear the music and scuffles behind him.  He carved a large rock into a crude chair with a few cracking strikes of ice, sat down, and began working on that burger and birch soda.  He needed this time to absorb his situation more fully.  When the food was gone, he incinerated the bagging and cup, and all that was left were his thoughts.
Five
He sat there until the sun passed over the horizon and the moons revealed themselves.  Artemis and Orion were up in the sky, shining their odd colored light on the troubled world below.  The town behind him and the mythical satellites above him had no effect on the sky, and an endless blanket of stars were sprinkled into the void.  There was such a number of them that Xavier wondered how it could still be at all dark there on the surface.  He wondered if the earth was up there somewhere far away.
He wonders also if he and The Order will ever get to breathe the air of their home planet again, and a feeling of homesickness sets into him.  He wonders what he would say to his friends and family if he could see them all again for just a few moments.  Perhaps he would simply say they were in his thoughts, but also he would love to retell his adventures on this alien world.  He wants to see his best friend and tell him that he's missing out.  He wants to see Cathrine again and try to understand why she was so able to tug at his heartstrings and to tell her goodbye.  He wants to be in the comfort of his home and tell his family that he's okay and to please not worry about him.  But he can do none of this.  He cannot call a number to reach home, mail a letter, or shout with all his might.  They're all beyond a wall he cannot surmount.  He hopes they're all holding up well without him.
The air is fanged with frigid teeth, but it doesn't bother him.  Thoughts of home make him feel warm.  There are no clouds, and all that warm air will rise and diffuse and be gone, he thinks.
Behind him the town's lights die and what interference they did produce is now gone.  Only the street lamps still run, and everyone has gone to sleep.  He begins walking back to the Inn and Out.  He gave Gabe and Mara the room key, had said he would get in if he came back before or after them.
The streets are cold and silent, covered in orange hues from the lamps.  Artemis and Orion don't seem to have any effect on the lighting, and to Xavier it all feels artificial.  His solitary footsteps echo in the streets, and that nail of loneliness and homesickness is driven deeper.  The only thing he thinks is missing is a nice breeze to whistle around the eaves of houses and confirm that he is walking through a ghost town.
Six
The motel was in sight, and as he passed an alley between an apartment and a pawn shop, an arm wrapped his elbow and he was pulled almost off his feet into the abysmally dark alley.  There was something cold pressed against his right cheek.
"Get your wallet out!" Demanded a young male's voice, and the cold metal object pressed harder into Xavier cheek.  The novian's arm was still being held, but he supposed he was meant to reach for his wallet with his free hand.  Xavier thought it was quite ironic, because he was carrying a good sum of cash.
"How old are you?" Xavier asked.
The thief jerks his arm. "C'mon man, just get the paper." He's almost whining.  He pushes the metal object against Xavier's face and breaks the skin.  It is a knife.
Xavier heats the handle of the blade until it burns through the young man's glove.  He drops it with a yelp and a "The hell?" Xavier cauterizes his own face and looks up at the young man who is now clutching his right hand with the other and trying to shake off the pain.  He is a silhouette against the dark, black on black.  The man begins running down the alley.
Xavier freezes the man's pants, causing him to fall.  The man throws out a few obscenities and questions, as if this could never have happened to him, the ever clever thief.  The novian approaches the prone man, who is now trying to unbuckle his pants, and lights his way with a hovering flame.  He stands over his attacker, as the man makes a spitting sound, forgetting that he is masked.  Xavier pulls the mask off the man and is surprised there is no attempt to stop him.  He sees a young elf, pale and with a sickly look to his face.  The elf spits at him again.  Xavier hurtles it back, now boiling, at the elf and burns his forehead.  The elf moans.
"Get off, man!  Alright, I ain't gonna steal from ya." He manages to undo his belt and tries to wriggle out of his stone pants.
"Only because I am stronger than you.  What would you have done if I could not defend myself?  Taken my money, sure.  But would you have given me a good poke with that tooth pick also?  I think you might have, and I think you will do it to someone at some point."
"What are you, my mom?  Up yours!  You got no right to tell me how to live."
Xavier sighs.  The elf is making mercy harder and harder.  He unfreezes the pants, and the elf squirms out like a rabid ferret and takes to his feet.  Xavier stops him, not with ice or a wind but just with his mind.  He paralyzes the man upright, the elf's life nothing more than a soft chicken egg in Xavier's hands.  He forces the elf down the alley like a puppet and takes the pants with.  When he finds a tangle of thick pipes jutting from the wall of the pawn shop and into the concrete below, Xavier makes the elf press his back into them.  There is a look of stricken terror on the elf's face as Xavier binds him in place with his pants, fusing the very fabric together so that he cannot untie it.  He releases the elf from his control. "If I should happen to run into you again, and you aren't doing something honest, I'll melt down your knife and make you drink it."
The elf does not reply this time.
Seven
Xavier gets to the door and feels his face.  He doesn't like the line of hardened blood on his cheek.  That isn't something you get just walking through the park or eating a burger.  He guesses this is as good a time as any to start training himself in the art of healing.  He feels the flesh, his own but not truly.  He has to concentrate to feel what is wrong with it, to understand what has been severed and what must be reattached and how.  It isn't so hard, but then again this is a shallow cut and not a torn off appendage.  It's good for practice.  He mends the flesh, no scars, no questions.
The lock on the door works with tumblers.  He feels his way through it almost the same way he did with his face and manipulates the lock just as its key would.  He puts his hand on the doorknob and turns it.  The door opens.
The room is dark, but Xavier can see that both beds are empty.  Standing behind the second bed is a dark figure and a small one.  The taller one is aiming a rifle only Xavier can see, while the shorter is clutching onto a small rectangle as if it were a revolver being readied to draw. "Just me.  I'm fine, and no one followed." Xavier is tired and would like nothing more than to hop into the first bed (though he thinks he might sleep on top of it) and drift away into one of those pleasant dreams.
The first figure lowers its arms and sets the invisible object down against the wall. "You had us worried." Mara says.
Gabe adds, "It's late.  You must have gotten some progress, right?"
Xavier is falling onto the bed.  He wishes it would be as easy as falling into the arms of sleep, to just hit the bed and be out. "Nope." He says and rolls onto his back. "I got a whole lot of nothing."
Mara again. "I don't know what it was like in Bellshire, but everywhere that I've ever seen is dangerous after the lights go off.  It wasn't safe out there on the streets for you, alone and unarmed."
"I am an arm." He says and thinks this might just be the snappiest remark he has ever made.  He thinks the way she phrased that made it seem as if she knew he wasn't really from Bellshire.  Good for her if she's somehow figured me out.  Then she would know that I can handle myself.  "Is there an alarm clock in here?"
"Yes.  Didn't see it earlier." Gabe replies and puts his book away.  The room is still very dark, but none of them bother to flip a switch.
"What time is it now?" Xavier thinks he is using up a substantial amount of energy to spit out that question and stave off sleep for a few more moments.
"Almost one in the morning."
Xavier is glad time works the same here as on Earth.  Less for him to decipher and pretend to feel acclimated to. "Set it for eight, would you?  We all need some rest, but we should get out of here before the sun gets hot."
"How long do you think it'll take to get to Path?"
Xavier liked this abbreviation.  Three syllables was starting to pester him.  He wrests all the remaining thinking power he can muster in this state at rest's doorstep. "If we took a train, we could be there by ten or so.  They'll be checking the trains going into the cities." And I really don't want to put that many people's brains into a spin.  A conductor and an engineer who thought they were moving a train for maintenance was one thing, but if you make fifty people forget the last security check, someone is going to notice. "Walking, which is what we'll be doing, four, maybe five.  It's not all that far."
"I'll set the clock for eight."
Xavier falls asleep on top the motel bed as soon as he hears Gabe finish setting the alarm.  He drifts down, deep into the best dreams of his life.  And when he awakes, he'll remember none of it.

Chapter Fourteen

One
He wakes up twenty minutes before the alarm is set to go off.  He can see their shapes beneath the spread of the second bed.  They are wrapped about each other, and he can't help but give them credit for bravery; the beds could've been cleaner.  He sits up, and there is a smile on his face.  He feels as if he were just doing something pleasant and pushes his mind against the walls of his skull trying to squeeze the memory out, but it won't come.  He looks at the alarm clock, a digital construct that has been bolted to the nightstand between the beds.  It is ten till.
He goes to the bathroom while Mara and Gabe are still asleep and turns on the shower.  He brings in a new pair of his pants and a shirt, good clean stuff, and waits for the water to turn clear and then warm.  He steps in.
He is buckling up his pants when he hears the alarm, and he smiles.  They'll have to wait their turn.
Xavier walks out of the bathroom and past his bed to the door.  Neither Gabe nor Mara comment on him being up early, and he guesses they were expecting it. "I'm going to wait outside.  Get a little bit of air." Mara is walking into the bathroom, so Gabe answers for the both of them with a nod.
Two
The air outside is no longer brisk or refreshing but frosty cold.  Xavier props himself against the wall by their room and breathes in the air readily, as if he might cool down his very core by inhaling enough chilled air.  His thoughts are still whirling with Earth and Salina, but for the first time since getting here to Sul he can feel some focus reserved for the mission.  In the distance he can hear a shrill voice asking for help.  It is raspy and tired sounding, and Xavier recognizes it as his acquaintance from the night before.  He is almost surprised that no one has come to help the lowlife.  If the cavalry wants to wait until after Xavier and his party skip town, he won't spare a moment of worry for it.
Mara steps out and stands against the wall next to him. "So," She begins, "what do you think of The Order?  They had you stationed outside Morphus before anyone else."
Xavier is perfectly fine with the comment and question, but he replies with his reflexes. "How do you know that?"
"Xav, Gabriel and I were some of the first to get there.  And you already had a private camp set up."
"Yeah," He answers and doesn't know why he tried to dodge it. "I thought it would be good to put my talents to constructive use.  I was tired of cleaning up vomit and chasing squatters out of the hospital basement."
"That's all?" She looks down at him, her nonexistent eyebrows furrowed. "The Leviathans would be any adept mage's first choice, if he just wanted to put his skills to good use." She looks out at the empty streets.  The sun has yet to rise over the horizon. "And you're not from Chrissenia, so I'm a bit curious about your motives."
Geez, Hodge was bad enough.  Are you just bad at hiding things?  Since he's beginning to think his tongue betrays him, he only shrugs in response.  It's a weak response, and he knows it, just as he knows he's going to get a follow-up.  You're caving.
"Xav, no one does this kind of work without conviction and motive.  Are you trying to impress someone?"
He feels as though she has dropped a sledgehammer on his head.  He doesn't mind the questioning so much, but she doesn't need to be accurate.  His mind races for a moment.  If this conversation keeps going as it is, he's going to give away more than he can afford. "Seems a little juvenile to be so motivated like that, don't you think?"
"I'd say it's probably one of the strongest motivators in history."
Remember, this is about more than just the one who brought you into this, and who teased you by the campfire, and left you at the mine.  You're doing this to earn your right. "How about this?  I'll share some more after the mission's over.  Extra incentive."
She doesn't reply in any perceptible way.  She readjusts herself against the wall, crosses her arms, and goes back to staring at the street.  Her rifle is pushed to the side so that it isn't scratching against the wall.  The sun has risen.
Three
A few minutes went by of good silence.  Gabe broke this when he came out.  Everyone had their gear and a few supplies.  Xavier went to the check-in, but the door was locked.  There was a mail slot in the door, so he dropped the key into that and found it amusing that it sounded as if it landed on a pile.
The road to Pathosia was lightly worn, grass and weeds with minds to retake the path abounding.  Xavier was just glad that it was a road with plants and not a wrinkled landscape of ankle snapping rocks.
"Hey Mara," Gabe began.  They had been walking for an hour without much talk, and Xavier was happy to hear some form of conversation rise up. "I turned on the news for a minute before I came out of the room.  I guess Andros Steam fell off stage last night."
Andros Steam (real name: Legarius Janus) was the lead singer of Steel Forest and Mara's favorite vocalist. "Did he get hurt?" She asked, genuinely concerned.
"No, I guess some people broke his fall." Gabe was grinning, or at least holding one back.  It seemed to Xavier that Gabe wasn't too broken up about Mara's dream man taking a tumble. "But they did stop the show early, and that caused some fights.  They called in the Leviathans, and guess they showed up right after they were called, probably used one of their aircrafts."
"Glad we're not fighting them." She looked up at the sky as if they might take the compliment. "I don't know how those werewolves ever managed to confront them at all."


Four
They passed up a pair of heavily bundled elves that were huddled together and shuffling their feet toward Sul.  With all the extra bulk they looked like they might be packing oil drums.  Mara and Gabe didn't pay these two any mind, but Xavier was put off by the shivering couple.  Sure, the air had a snap to it, but nothing a light jacket couldn't fix.
Xavier stopped and turned around.  The others did likewise a moment later.  He stared back at the slow moving tanks of cloth and held his hand out from his side, as these, he came to realize, were his revolvers, his six shooters.  Long moments passed, Mara and Gabe came to stand next to him, and the feet shufflers began to slow.
They were in the middle of prairie land when this all happened.  The red sun was behind a wall of silver cloud, but the open golden fields made the day seem as light as ever.  Birds were going south and prairie dogs were chirping like the pests they always seem to be.  Sul was no longer visible, and Pathosia had yet to become.  They were on a fixed plane, a scene unique to itself and sole in the universe.  It would make a fine painting, Xavier thought.
"Highwaymen." Xavier breathed, trying to muffle himself over the echoing expanse.
That's when the great bulk of clothing slid off the two elves like standing socks without a foot.  With one hand Xavier impaled the right with a spire of ice.  With his other he lit the second elf's arms aflame and commanded the fire to engulf the rest of the overly armed man.
Xavier took a second to think and then continued toward Pathosia.  Mara was standing with her rifle halfway drawn, and Gabe just now reaching for his book of incantations.  They shared a glance with one another, a certain understanding passing between the couple.  When both bodies of the elves erupted in pillars of fire, they nodded and followed their leader.
Five
"So Xavier," Gabe began when the bodies were out of sight, "how exactly did you get involved in all this?"
The cold air pushed Xavier's still moist hair against his skull.  Not cold enough to make his hair stiffen, but chill enough to keep the shower water from leaving it. "That's a long story, Gabe.  Not a very interesting one either.  To make the long, boring story short, I was an angsty, confused teenager.  Dime a dozen there."  The wind changed direction and parted his hair, running icy fingers in the rifts against his scalp. "I ran away from home, where everyone had a play-by-play plan for the rest of my life, no say from me.  I picked up a few things about magic on the road, not much if you ask me, but apparently I caught on quick.  I got to the capitol, figured that if I got a job there, the wealth might trickle down to me.  More importantly, I could make my own decisions." Lay it on good and thick.  He doesn't have the strength to read your mind even if he tried. "Out of impulse one day, I decided to sign up for The Order's militia.  Maybe I'd be able to do something more with my skills than mop with no hands and heat up soup.  After some training, here I am." He considered.  It sounded believable to him.  It sounded average. "What about you guys?  You said you were Chrissenians."
There was an exchange between Mara and Gabe, imperceptible at best, paranoia at worst.  Gabe shrugged. "Ours isn't any more interesting." Mara raised her eyes at Gabe when Xavier turned to look at the expanse around them again. "So," Gabe added, "did you have to, ya know, roast those guys back there?"
Probably not.  Xavier answers, "Defend us?  Absolutely.  Those two have killed at least a dozen travelers, and tolled countless others, I'm sure.  Incapacitating them alone wouldn't work."  Let's add a grain of truth to the mix.  He broke away from the subject of the highwaymen, whom he'd killed mostly on impulse. "While I was running away from home, I came to a sort of canyon on the south edge of the Scarab Desert. There were these ogres there, if you could really call them that.  They were impossibly tall, mutants I guess." He can feel the weight of his old sword in his hands, can smell the stench of those behemoth creatures. "They attacked me, probably looking for anything shiny, or maybe they were cannibals.  All I know is that I was definitely not the first to cross their path.  One of them had military tattoos on what you might call his body." He looked for a word, bit his tongue for it, and came up with two. "I think they were the 'Infused' or 'Altered.' That's what Dahzir called his failed experiments.  They're what sometimes live in dark caves, the monsters.  Anyway, I wasn't even half the wizard then that I am now.  But they had me cornered, and I did what I had to." The look of the old general taking that sword and plunging into his own heart. "The one had clearly been suffering, seemed relieved when it was all over."
"That's The Bowl." Mara said.  Xavier's path had been so close to their home. "That's just past where Frander lived."
"I know the forest isn't all that far south of that place, so I'm not surprised you heard of it." Xavier felt warm, as if the sheer thought of that desert was making the world around him hot. "I had to kill those two, and I doubt they were painting the canyon red every day.  It's, as you know, in the middle of absolutely nowhere and not far outside the 'haunted' forest.  But those two elves had a rich road here."
And the subject ended there.
Six
Mara is ahead with her long stride, while the two novians follow behind.  They are still on the road in a vast emptiness that seems to say this whole world is vacant without them.  Far to the west is a range of mountains, and to the east is a great flat that ends in a tinge of green under the horizon.  The smoke from the burning corpses has long since departed and been carried away.  The road stretches on, winding through knolls dotted with wildflowers and oak trees.  It is a comforting place that reminds Xavier of Earth in no specific way but in all ways.  The air here tastes good and feels natural against the lungs.  For a moment he wishes they could just walk this road forever and never reach their destination.
Xavier is walking purposefully, with savoring in each step.  He inhales each breath as if it might be his last, looking for the state of nirvana that seems so close now.  He sees something in the sky over the mountains, something red.  If he were on Earth right now, he could dismiss it, a plane.  He isn't on Earth though, might never be again.  He stops and looks at it, glares at it as if to intimidate the thing which must be miles away.
He tries to get a read on it, but it is simply too far.
Mara and Gabe continue walking, and Xavier forces himself to do the same.
Seven
They stop under one of the oaks as Pathosia comes into view.  It is nestled between green hills and has a river running through the center from west to east.  The buildings are gray with mortar and symmetrically lined with windows.  There were smaller building which were red, and a bland assortment of cream and egg white colored housing structures outlying the city.  A luxury train rides into the city from the northern rails and stops by one of the red structures.  Xavier can see passengers departing and readying to board, and what surprises him most is that there is no visible security checkpoint.
They began walking down that final knoll before the city, as that chill pre-winter wind hastened up the hillside and cooled the pores of their skin and hollows of fur.  Against the wind, as it always had been.  No one complained, and with their target in view, it was hard to notice.  The farther down the hill they went, the stronger the wind seemed to become and the louder the cityscape boomed into life.  With a whistling breeze in his ears, Xavier saw streets packed in with busy morning goers, hustlers and bustlers, and probably more than one shyster.
"Mara," Xavier remembered, "Give me your gun."
She took her rifle off her back and handed it to the novian the way a mother might hand her newborn to an unfamiliar relative.
"Gabe, do I need to take your book?" He continued.
"No." The shorter novian replied. 
"Okay." Xavier had a moment of thought, wishing he'd spent more time thinking before they got to the city. "I'll take the gun and hide it outside the city on the east side.  We split up after this, alright?  But let's meet up every day at dusk where I hide the gun.  I'll do it right along the river." It sounded fine in his head, but coming out it sounded base and unintuitive.
"What do we do if things go south?" Mara asked.  She sounded less confident without her weapon.
Xavier paused.  He didn't want to get any closer to the city and still be discussing this.  The wind bit him in disagreement of his lack of movement. "Gabe, if you can throw up some kind of signal.  Something simple like . . . making a quick couple light flashes in the air."
"I probably could." Gabe replied, but Xavier was unsure of it.
"And Mara just," He had to think, "run east along the river, if you can.  We'll all do that and meet up downstream." Xavier didn't like the odds of fleeing. "Whatever you do, just don't get into trouble.  Please."

Chapter Fifteen

One
Mara and Gabe continued on toward the city streets, while Xavier veered off the road and toward the east of the city.  The rifle in his hands was oversized for him and hefty, not a thing made to be wielded by his kind.  But that weight, cumbersome as it was, gave him comfort.  When magic failed, he supposed you couldn't beat the classic lead and powder.  He slung it over his back, and it drooped low on his small stature.
Off the road was grass taller than he and discarded trash.  A tire from something here that might have been military, a garbage bag there that had been mostly picked clean by scavengers, various sun bleached cans and broken bottles, all of it haphazardly strewn about at random in the tangle of high vegetation.  It didn't look like anyone, not even litterers, had been through here any time even in the last year.
He came to the river past the last of the suburban houses and continued walking.  An urge, reckless and fleeting, passed through him, telling him to just keep going until he reached the ocean.  He considered this passing urge with the same seriousness one might consider streaking through a mall.
He came around an outcropping of rock along the riverbank.  It was part of a boulder on this side of the water, and behind it no one from the city could see.  He toyed with the molecules of the rock and set the rifle against its side.  Then he pushed it into the side, and the rifle began easing into the hard surface as if it was really nothing more than gelatin.  When his arm was elbow deep into the rock-made-pudding, he released his hold on the gun and withdrew his arm.  He returned the rock to its normal state and smiled.  No one would be finding that rifle, not even his companions.
Two
He walked into town from downstream, a bag full of clothes on one side and a pocket full of cash on the other.  It was some time after noon, maybe two or three, but the clouds had grown thick and made it appear to be almost dusk.  So, where to head first?  After careful deliberation, and the aid of a scent that was drifting down the first street, he decided to get some lunch.
The caf he walked into was on the corner of Dante and Halcyon.  He guessed when your city didn't have two thousand streets, you had room to be creative with the names and get outside of the firsts, fourths and sixty-sevenths.  He sat down at a bar and adjusted his bag of clothing behind him like a backpack.  The place was beige and had only the faintest aroma of coffee.  The strongest smells were that of sugars, cinnamon, and vanilla.  There were relaxed customers sitting slouch at booths and in an area that replicated a living room, reading papers and pretending to be able to solve the crossword puzzles.  They all looked to Xavier like what he would call hipsters, just a group of people who thought they were unique by mimicking other people that thought they were unique.
"Can I get you anything?" Asked an elven woman behind the bar.  She was short for an elf, almost dwarfish, and her bleach blonde hair ran down her back all the way to her knees.  She was like a doll.
Xavier stopped surveying the other patrons and took a glance at the menu that hung over a large reflective tank with nozzles and thick paper cups. "I'll take the chicken sandwich and a water." She wrote it down. "You have hot sauce?"
"I'm sorry, sir." She said in the voice of someone readying to be struck. "We only have mayo, ketchup, ranch, mustard, and olive oil."
"That's fine.  The sandwich will be good without it, I'm sure."
"Should we bring you another kind?"
"Ranch will be fine." And he hoped she would just go and put the order in.  His stomach was building up a rage.
"No problem, I got it." She said and handed a slip of paper through a window going into the kitchen.  Then she went on to take the order of a man in a velvet hat.
He looked down at his boots, dirty.  No one else's were, and there was carpeting.  Xavier glanced about and caught a few people gazing at him and whispering to one another.  His first instinct was to think they were trashing him for his drab, filthy attire and his blunt manner of handling his food order.  But no, not these people.  These people would take a look at him and go "There's a cowboy there, or some outlaw.  So totally cool, man." Damn hipsters.
A few minutes went by in which everyone in the place whispered, though he suspected that was normal here.  Only mainstream louts would talk at full indoor voices.  The elf brought him his sandwich, a thing he thought he could eat five of, and a bottle of water that he wondered why he couldn't get immediately in anticipation of his food.  By the time he went to undo the lid of his water, the sandwich had been erased from his plate.  The water went just as fast.
The girl stopped by again with a little slip. "Whenever you're ready, sir."
"I'll take another sandwich to go, if that's alright." If his stomach could have patted him on the back, it would have given him welts.
Three
There was something warming about walking down a cold street with warm food going into the belly.  Probably had something to do with warming blood vessels, he thought and finished off the extra food before the caf was out of throwing distance.
You walked in without so much as a speed bump from the river.  Making a mental note, better not forget.  It was down to business now, business Xavier hadn't the foggiest idea of how to go about performing.
As he drew closer to the center of Pathosia, the air grew warmer and damp.  Steam roiled out of vents along the sidewalks, and scurrying people flitted about to push the warm mist around.  It reminded him of the crowded streets of Fraushein and the endless swarms of people that he never did understand.  By ten in the morning, he was cleaning up vomit in urinals and scraping gum off the sides of X-ray machines, not bustling through the streets.
He hopped onto the sidewalk and did what he could to make himself not appear foreign.  He looked at the street signs but kept moving steadily forward, pretending to know exactly where he was heading.  The crowds closed in and drifted apart like schools of fish.
Someone bumped him hard, and he staggered into a narrow alley between a bicycle shop and a deli.  Xavier fumbled into the wall to keep himself up and wasn't altogether happy with the moist texture of the brick.
"Hey." Came from down the alley.  Xavier was now in full control of his standing and removed his hand from the wall, which took a grit with it, and wiped it off on his pants. "Xavier." The voice said and caught his attention.
Four
The people on the street were as aware of Xavier and the talking alley as they were of Neil Armstrong's visit to the moon, so the novian meandered toward the voice, checking over his shoulder just to be sure.  He passed the bulk of a metal trash tub, a great red thing made by Waste Not Incorporated with maroon colored rust holes eating at the bottom. "Hmm?" He replied as he came around the corner of the bin.
"Ahh sir." An aemon woman with a monotone voice. "I think you dropped your phone, but I found it." Her dark eyes were rotating, checking.  Her horns had been sawed off like a rodeo bull's, and her skin was the same red as the remaining paint on the Waste Not. "I'm sorry I looked through it.  Saw that you only had one contact." Her left hand was holding out a black rectangle with a gray keypad on the front, a throwaway phone.  Her other hand was in the pocket of her tan overcoat, seeming to have a hold of something important.
"Thank you." He took the phone and slid it into a pocket. "I've been a real butterfingers today." She gave Xavier a queer look.  Never heard that one before. "Thanks again."
He walked away, and as he did he turned to look at her.  She was standing in the same spot, smoking a cigarette.  Just someone on break.  He felt the small block in his pocket.  It seemed heavy and deliberate on his thigh.  When he got out onto the street again, he turned it on, no confirmation vibrations or jingles to assure him it was indeed booting up.  The little colorless screen told him hello in a font he thought came straight from a 70s computer, and then it went to a rudimentary menu.  It was three forty seven, and the left side said OWT, which Xavier knew stood for One World Telephonetics.  On either side of the bottom of the screen were the options CONTACTS and MESSAGES, and in between all this was a cloud gray backdrop of nothing.
There was indeed only one contact on the list, but it wasn't a name.  Underneath "Add Contact" is a single entry, even the voicemail and emergency dial numbers seemed to have been wiped clean.  The contact is "Six O'Clock." It's a directive.  He hits END/PWR and is returned to that bare homescreen.  It is ten till four.

Five
An hour passes of him wandering around and getting the gist of the town's layout.  He'll check into a room somewhere and lay down his pack of clothes before he goes snooping.  Too suspicious with a bundle of things swaying on your back, too much like contraband.  
It won't be dusk for another hour.  In another month it'll be dark now, and the month after that night will start shortly after five, but he thinks for now can have a chat with his new friend before his team shows.  He goes into CONTACTS and hits CALL while hovering over the only name to hover over.  It rings once, then twice, a third time.  It stops, and all he can hear is the running water beside him.
"Punctual." Said the earpiece, in a voice he strained to believe. "I like that.  It's orderly.  It's reliable.  And, it means you haven't run into trouble yet."
His hands tingled, and the tips felt just the slightest numb.  But he felt confident. "Hello, ma'am." Could his nervous hands keep the phone from dropping into the stream? "How are you?"
She ignored the question. "Anything to report?"
"No, I just became acquainted with the layout." He waited a moment.  The blood was returning to his digits. "Is there anything I should know?"
"Nothing that you don't already.  Just shut your phone off when you're not calling.  We didn't give you a charge cable, because these things can be hacked at charging docks.  Did you know that?"
He actually did but hadn't thought of it. "No.  But will do."
"Xavier," She sounded familiar, "be careful and take care of Asura and Rosehall.  We'll need the three of you later." The call ended, nice and gentle on the battery.
Six
He held down the END button until the gray screen went black and put the weighty thing back into his pocket.  The sound of the stream came back into reality, and he felt as though everything around him must have paused during that call.  The cold air actually felt cold, and he shivered goose flesh onto his arms.  The sky was beginning to darken, and he saw Gabe and Mara walking from the city along the river.  Time to recap.
He told them where the gun was, but he didn't tell them about the phone.  Mara said the governor didn't have his own building but lived in a penthouse suite at a place called the Spiraling Tower.  Gabe said the Tower was on the north side of the river a few blocks from a military vehicle manufacturing company called Scylla.  He did what he could to fill them in on the place.
"You just can't get into the tower like this." Gabe said and waved a hand over his not outstanding clothes. "The doorman wouldn't let me in the lobby.  I told him I just wanted to check room availability, and he said I could check when I could afford it.  I guess getting bounced like that is part of the Tower's exclusive feel, or whatever."
"Do either of you know if he ever leaves his room?" Xavier asked, a bit jealous of Gabe's fruitful efforts.
Mara replied, "His office is somewhere else, but I don't know where exactly." Her tail swayed into Gabe absentmindedly. "But Festus is unavailable most of the day, and I have a feeling he doesn't just walk out of the Tower and ride a bike to work either."
Xavier nodded. "Anything else?" They looked at each other and shrugged, then shook heads. "I've got nothing either." He looked at them and patted the boulder. "Alright, we'll talk again tomorrow."

Chapter Sixteen

One
The sun had tucked itself under the horizon, and a layer of cloud blocked its corona from creeping over the sky and turning it that golden pink hue.  Night was coming quickly, and with it a chill wind.  Xavier wrapped himself in a shell of warm air as he returned to the city, but he could feel icy daggers slide into his pocket of heat.  He understood that there was a snowstorm coming, the season's first.  If it wasn't that, then it would be an ice storm.
In his experience those were worse.
By the time he found the Paragon hotel, the pack on his back had become heavy and little crystalline flakes had begun floating down from the sky.  The lobby was warm and made him dispel his heat layer before he started sweating.  There was an aemon man at the counter, sitting behind a computer screen that was casting whites and greens and reds onto his dark face.  When he saw Xavier, he leaned forward and tapped the keyboard, and the changing colors turned to a solid and steady white glow.  He clasped his hands together over the pine countertop and waited patiently for the novian to come forward.  The walls around them were painted a forest green, and there were simple wooden supports holding the ceiling up.  No halls leading to an elevator, but there was a hand railed staircase visible through an open door to the right of the clerk.  The man began kneading his fingers, perhaps losing that patience in anticipation of getting back to whatever he had been watching.
Xavier stepped up to the counter and reached into his back pocket for his wallet.  He was alone in the lobby with the clerk, thinking that Desturshans usually settled in for the night before it got dark, a bunch of superstitious jargon for the most part. "I need a room." He said and drew out a handful of cash against the low side of the counter, not wanting to show how much he had just yet.
"When will you be checking out, sir?  We have rooms for the night." The aemon tapped at and clicked at the keyboard and studied the screen with a face that seemed tired of seeing the same information all day. "Some for the weekend, and a few that are unreserved for whole weeks.  What will it be?"
"I'll take one of your long term rooms.  But I'm not sure I'll need weeks."
"That's fine.  We ask for payment for a night one day in advance, and if you choose to leave, simply don't pay and drop off your keys." Another tap. "The ones we have available for the next week are on the second floor, economy rooms.  No maid service, no commodities besides a lavatory, and a twin bed.  Is that alright, sir?"
"That's fine.  I'll only be here to sleep and get clean anyway."
"Alright, may I see a photo ID?"
Xavier handed his over but worked it to make his picture be that of a redheaded dwarven man named Ang Riggs.  By the time the clerk saw the picture, Xavier had his mind convinced that that was precisely who he had been talking to all along.  The clerk handed it back without looking.  He trusted Mr. Riggs.
"Ok. For tonight and tomorrow that'll be seventy." The clerk's eyes were examining the red beard and blocky shoulders of Ang Riggs standing in front of him, but no one was there to tell him that he was staring at a white haired halfling youth.
Two
Xavier paid.  He supposed he could get the room for free, but if the clerk's superiors caught it while Xavier wasn't around to "convince" them otherwise, he might run into snags.  No time for that.  He put his wallet away and readjusted his pack, the core of which he felt had become cold from the outside air.  He put it down on the top of his right foot and let his back have a few moments of respite, while the clerk tapped away at the keyboard and bobbed his head rhythmically.  Xavier realized that it was now he that was becoming impatient.  Standing here, still and warm, made him understand just how exhausted he was.
The aemon gave him a pink piece of paper to sign, which Xavier did as Mr. Ang.  As he handed the binding paper to the clerk, the man exchanged it for a white one, the customer receipt.  A few seconds later the clerk handed the novian a green keycard with a black strip on the rear, #17.
"Your room is out the first door going up the steps, to the right just after rounded the corner of the building." The aemon contorted his arm ridiculously as people do to convey directions other than straight. "If you plan on staying more nights, just say so each evening.  We'll keep it reserved so long as you do.  It'll either be me or Malta." Xavier took this moment to read the man's nametag, which declared him to be Razgul: Paragon Staff.
Xavier took his key and wrapped his bag of clothes around his back again.  As he walked to the stairs, Razgul gave him the imperative to enjoy his stay, to which Xavier hummed a confirmation.
The concrete stairwell echoed with each of his steps, ricocheting back the sound of emptiness.  It made Xavier wonder where Mara and Gabe were staying, and if they were staying together.  Finally some time away from that wizard is probably what they're thinking.  Gabe looked downright hungry when Mara's tail brushed into him earlier.  He was in the hall now, not remembering the steps he took to get here.  His room was before him.  He took that card and slid it through a slat on the door handle.  It unlocked, and he opened it with a sigh of relief.  Good for them.
Three
He flicks on the lights and drops his pack next the bed.  It falls to the ground lightly with a soft whoosh of air.  Something about the bag acting so burdenless makes Xavier scowl at it before taking a trip to the bathroom, where he relieves his suddenly aching kidneys and realizes how hungry he is.  He'll eat tomorrow, after he gets up, after he had the energy to lift a fork to his mouth.  He looks at his face while he washes his hands, and the dark circles under his eyes contrast so strongly with his white hair that he feels like a ragtime robber.
He comes back to the bed, a clean but unadorned thing that he is glad for.  As he stands before it, ready to collapse on it and not worry about the sheets, he considers sleeping the night as his true self.  The idea is enticing, and he feels safe about it.  He'd still have to cover up his scent, sure.  But to be himself again would be a delight.
He runs his mind through the rooms of the Paragon.  Not one person staying or working has the magical potential to shuffle a deck of cards, so he's safe from detection.  He takes a deep breath and wonders if he shouldn't just go to sleep, but he knows this is a skill he should work on while he can.  He starts releasing the hold he has set over his form.  To him it is like shutting off a hose by turning the valve degree by degree.  His clothes get tighter, too tight, far too tight.  He stops and begins working them out, increasing the material proportionally so that it adjusts to him.  He remembers science classes and the laws of conservation, and it baffles him deep inside that this could work, that he could draw upon nothing and change the total amount of energy in the universe.  Like it's magic or something.
His hair changes color to the dull brown of a human's, and there is a growth of coarse fiber on his jawline and under his nose, with thinner outcroppings on his stretching cheeks.  None of that was there the last time he checked.  Bones begin to settle and pop, and enlarged organs work to keep the structure going.  His muscles feel relaxed, as if he'd just released tight bands from around all his arteries.  Oxygen floods into his true form, and he is himself.
He is Cecil again.
Four
He fell down on the bed and kicked his boots off.  Cecil rolled onto his back and stretched.  Oh, it was good to really stretch.  He breathed in, and it was joy to have so much air in such large lungs.  His stomach protested, and even that was good, because it seemed to be justified to be so hungry now.  He ran long fingers through his hair, which felt exactly the same but somehow completely different.  Then he rubbed that steel wool that had grown on his long unattended face.  The beard was short, and covered less of his face than he would like it to.  But that was his face and his hair, not the closest replica he could think of.  No, he was for the first time in what seemed like a whole lifetime himself.
Sleep came easily.
He cursed himself when he awoke that he could be so careless.  He scanned the hotel again, but still the most magical thing aside from him was the recognition system on the doors.  Cecil just hoped no one had come by in the night and sensed what he was, and that would have to be the end of the worrying if he wanted to get anything done.
He walked into the bathroom and turned on the sink.  Despite how Razgul had said there were no commodities, there was a wrapped disposable razor by the sink, some soap, and a can of shaving cream the size of Cecil's real thumb, although it did feel half drained already.  He splashed warm water on his face and coated it in cream.  He had never shaved before, so he didn't know that the glob of gel he squirted into his palm would be enough to shave a mammoth.  He held the razor to his face and then held it down under the warm flowing water for a moment.  Had it been a decade ago when his father went over the basics of shaving with him?  It seemed like it had been some time before he was born, and back then he had nothing to practice on.  He ran it down one cheek carefully, washed it out, and repeated.  It took him twenty minutes to clean up his face, a time he'd like to beat on his next go, whenever that might be.
There.  He thought, butter faced again.  Let's see what it looks like next time.  He shut off the faucet and turned on the shower.
He had forgotten to set the alarm, but he was still up before the sun.  As the hot water ran over the seemingly gargantuan girth that was his human form and he cleaned as routinely as he always had before, he wondered if the Desturshans weren't afraid of the night.  There was almost never a soul on the streets after dark or early in the morning, and he could only think of a time or two when people were rushed to Saint Braun after nightfall, and hadn't they been reluctant to leave until dawn?
Cecil opened up the bag of clothes and pulled a set out.  If he wanted to check out the Tower, he would need better duds.  Or he could persuade the employees into thinking otherwise, but using too much magic that close to an official posed too many risks.  So perhaps the factory would be today's option.  He took a moment to feel like himself again, to relish in truth, before shrinking back down to fit in the clothes he'd bought.
Five
An elven woman, he assumed to be Malta, was sitting at the check-in desk with her legs crossed under a newspaper.  Her eyes were focused on the monitor with her right hand on a steaming coffee mug.  She did not bother herself to look at the little departing guest with his screaming white hair and his man-on-a-mission stride.  All guests thought they were important enough for that, but she disagreed, and Xavier left unnoticed.
Outside was no remnant of that first snowfall on the street, though Xavier could see patches of white on the hills beyond the city lines, wispy sheets that would soon be eaten by the sun.  It was still dark, but only just, and the busy stinking streets were empty for now.  He looked about.  What demon was keeping the people off the streets?  He had seen monsters back in the forest when he returned to life, abominable things that had seemed to have followed him from his nightmares to the real world.  But such things were born of darkness and seclusion (and sometimes labs), and he didn't suppose there would be a nest of those mutants anywhere near Pathosia.
He crossed over the river to the north side and paused a moment to listen to the rushing water.  Despite its glassy texture, the water still sounded alive, not thrashing but alive.  His feet came down on the bridge with solitary importance, and it made him well aware of himself and the acoustics of the buildings surrounding him.  Times like this made him wish he could read the sound waves the way a bat or a dolphin does instead of having to rely upon his magic senses, the ones that could be sensed back.
He hit a pocket of warm air on the other side.  It would seem that this day would be a few degrees warmer than the last, and while that sounded good on a chart, Xavier knew the clouds above would pour ice rain instead of snow.  That was winter's truest danger.  Not that he had to worry about driving in it, but it would at the very least stir up memories of that night he entered Fraushein with that ridiculous sword and all that young courage.  It would remind him of the boy.  Don't call him that.  He wasn't a zit that gets popped and forgotten.  It would remind him of Folas, and Folas would remind him of the mine.  It was all a great turning wheel of bad memories.
People began crawling from the coves which were their homes the moment the light of the cloud impeded sun crested over the long flat expanse of the east.  The filtering light of the sun through cloud gave a cold gray tone to the area reminiscent to Xavier of Halloween.  That set his mind to home and of monsters, ghouls and ghosts, chainsaws and axes, apples and pumpkins, Frankenstein monsters, witches, and, of course, werewolves.  That is what the cold gray represented, and the burning orange of the trees backed the presentation with a gold stamp, absolute confirmation.

Chapter Seventeen

One
Scylla was a long stretch of industrial warehouses, smokestacks, and chain-link fencing.  The front gate was off the street, a guard house accompanying it.  There were patrols moving back and forth outside the buildings.  Men and women, indiscernible under Leviathan armor, strolled along the edges of the buildings and fence, guns in tote.  It was hard to tell racial profiles under armor like that, where the wearers were always covered head to toe in crimson and black plates and walked as uniformly as an assembly robot.  What Xavier was really looking for were mages.  Leviathans of rank had clearance to learn magic, if they showed any aptitude for it, and mages would be able to detect him if he went snooping.  He could try anyway, the more powerful he was, the harder it would be to be detected by a lesser spellcaster, but Leviathans had few trainees out on the line, especially, he supposed, at a place so important.
Xavier needed to know more.  He had a bad feeling that Governor Festus might have a toe dipped into the works here.  Even if he only had a small contingent of Leviathans on his side, taking over the city would be infinitely hardened.  You couldn't impale one of them through their armor, and if you wanted to burn one, you had to be a strong enough caster to see vents and ignore physical barriers.  You could forget about shooting them.  The entirety of their crystal armor was a million times over more bullet proof than anything Earth had ever produced.  So you could send the most skilled wizards, which the Leviathans would also send.  You could send soldiers strong enough to bludgeon the armored troops with such force the trauma did the work, but as far as Xavier knew there had only ever been six people capable of doing that, five now.  He also didn't want to stir up bad relations with the king's old guard, since it was their technology The Order wanted.
Two
One of the patrolmen took notice of Xavier, so the novian began walking, a harmless observation.  Perhaps it was time to check on the Tower.
He made glances at Scylla as he walked down the street, on his way to nothing.  The Leviathans were the sole owners of motorized transport, mostly aerial.  Their land based vehicles could be bought, provided you had troths to burn and the vehicle was decommissioned.  He thought of the van back in Cynderton.  It was clear that passing a driving test was not a requirement in obtaining one of their rides.
After circling the block, Xavier headed toward the plaza where the Tower was.  He reasoned that there was a very real possibility that out of convenience there might be a clothing store of some sort with attire "suitable" to be worn in the presence of the rich.  It was a ridiculous notion to think expensive clothes were a form of visa, but he knew loathingly that it was true.  Then he had to consider just what it was he was going to do once he got inside.  A stupid man would come right out and say he had an engagement with the governor, but what exactly would a brilliant man say?  
He would have to come up with that.
Three
The district with the Tower starts at Ouro Square, and ends at the city line.  One could see a literal division, seeing the square and what kind of bricks they used to pave.  Any other place in Pathosia had slate red bricks that may or may not all be in the best condition.  Here the bricks are painted a velvet blue and shine with a polished glare.  The buildings look cleaner, and the people walk straighter and taller.
In front of him is the square, and beyond that are two perpendicular streets, one heading west and the other north.  It is quieter here than it was on the south side, almost solemn.  In the center of the square is a black marble fountain with sculptures of what Xavier believes are seraphim, not cherubim, encircling the spout, which is shooting a stream straight up.  The street going east is lined with presentable green lawns and rigid iron fences.  In one of the nearer yards is a group of stunted trolls toiling over a patch of flowers, while a wolf dogman observes them from behind a window.  The northern street is crowded with bakeries and jewelry shops, and a pleasant aroma drifts from that direction.  Xavier also notices a lack of steam vents leaking less than desirable mist onto the streets here.  He can feel the landscape give off an uppitiness that makes his stomach knot in disgust, and he heads north.
The sickness in his stomach turns to hunger the moment he passes the first bakery.  There are tarts and cakes in the window, but he isn't convinced that they are anything more than displays.  Even without walking up to the broad see-through glass, Xavier spies a tray of Danishes behind a sneeze guard, and that sends his gut into a tumble of angry and futile noises.  There are people inside eating at tables and sipping something hot from small white cups.  They are all acting dignified, as if they eat only because they must.  The jewelry stores are closed, and he doesn't think they'll make him any hungrier besides.  Then he comes upon other restaurants, and his insides turn hostile.  Luckily every place he passes is signed with a "Dress Attire Only." Seeing that time and time over brings his stomach back to disgust and curbs whatever appetite the smells had built up.
Four
The north street intersects with another that has a travel agency, a servant hiring service, and an office building that claimed to be a law firm.  Across from this street is one with three small but very fine residential houses and two that were up for sale.  He continues northward and ignores these offshoots.  Ahead maybe seven or eight blocks is a tall glass plated structure that his mind reasons should be the tower.
He is aware that people are staring at him and his dirty boots and plain clothes.  Even without magic, Xavier can feel their eyes boring into him, can almost hear the murmurs they make to one another.  Such things as "I think he must be lost." And "I hope none of us ever end up like one of them." It's not that he minds these highfalutin people and their twisted view of reality, but he does wonder if he shouldn't be more covert.  Rich people had a way of thinking the lower classes were composed primarily of scum.  His cover could be blown by one of the snobs looking to purge dregs from this noble society.  Xavier could hear it now, a woman clad in garments more expensive than three months of his rent in Fraushein speaking to one of Festus's police. "Yes," She would say, and in a way that made it seem painful for her to even talk of such things, "I saw a man, a novian that is, white hair and dirty clothes.  Oh, he did not look like he belonged here.  I don't mean that racially, heavens no.  Only that's what he was, and his shirt, the bawdiness.  I could practically smell him all the way from inside my house." That wasn't even a tenth enough to convict Xavier of anything, but it would be enough to make people aware.
With the Tower still three blocks from him, Xavier found a men's clothing store.  He was beyond certain that it would not be like the one he visited just days before.  This store was called Helios Fine Wares, the kind of place that made you want to buy upscale clothes just to come in and buy theirs.  There were men in suits being measured by on-hand tailors and assistants walking about with hands clasped neatly behind their backs, ever in search of a customer to help.  There were walls of various suit sizes, broken up in category by size and race.  Two aisles of shoes, polished to shine like the store's namesake, ran forward from the rear.  The lighting was soft and inaudible, no florescent and no ordinary watt either, as all the lights appeared to be hand made to look like the red sun.  It was all impeccably clean and sterile and caused Xavier to reconsider his Tower strategy.
Five
That's when an elven man resembling Partheus approached him. "Can I help you, sir?" His ability to hide his disdain was incredible.  He wore what the novian had always thought of as a "penguin" suit, which came with a bowtie.  The elf was thin, but the shoulders of his garb gave the illusion of broadness.
Xavier looked at the elf, and then at the store, and then at himself.  A frown was dragging his face into the floor, and there wasn't a thing he could do to stop it. "I," he began and quickly thought just what would sound believable, "was promoted recently.  A rather big leap, I'll add.  So far this," he waved a hand downward in front of himself, over the clothes he actually liked, "has been fine.  But I have a meeting soon with my old boss, now equal, and my new bosses.  This will not work for that."
The elf nodded with a creased smile, perhaps happy that a working man had risen through the ranks, or perhaps looking to gouge an unexperienced customer for a commission. "Congratulations on your success, sir.  Might I ask what you've been promoted to?  It may help find you a proper wardrobe."
"Absolutely not." Xavier replied.
The elf laughed without opening his mouth and waved Xavier to follow him. "Well, don't worry, sir.  Here at Helios, we have never not," another short chuckle, "double negative.  Ahem, we always find the best fit and make the best dressed."
Xavier wondered if that was a trademarked slogan.
The elf led Xavier to a set of triple mirrors, prodded at the novian's ribcage, and ran a measure over his arms and legs, before baying him stay while he found suitable attire.  Another employee, a buxom female canid of the collie variety, peered down at Xavier overtop of her horn rimmed glasses, trying to believe what she saw.  The elf shot her a glance that said "I know, he's a real fixer-upper." Xavier tolerated the whole exchange the way one would handle the snide remarks of a principal when you had been caught sticking gum to the water fountain, not because you felt guilty but because you wanted to humor the authority until their head was satisfied with a sense of respect.
The collie woman made herself busy with another customer, an obtuse ogre with a mustard stain on his shirt and a strong fascination of the necklace the collie wore.  She did not bother to peer over her spectacles for him, only dealt with him curtly and coldly to show her lack of interest in anything to do with him but business.  Seeing this, or rather observing it through the extra peripheral sight Xavier called a third eye, gave him a sense of cheer.  It was good to see there were things these people curled up noses at other than commoners.
"Sir," The Partheus twin said, holding the parts of a navy blue suit on a hanger, "this, I believe, would complement you well.  It is reserved but very serious.  I'll say you are rather tall, so this was actually made for lean dwarves, unless you would like a custom made-"
"No, that will be fine." I give him credit.  That was fast.  I've never found jeans that quickly.
"As you wish.  Will you be wearing this out?"
Xavier thought about it, and he knew he had nothing to say to the Tower yet. "No.  The meeting isn't today."
"Then I will box it for you, so that it will be ready and unwrinkled when you do need it." The elf nodded, or perhaps it was a form of bow. "Will you be needing anything else?  Shoes perhaps?"
Shoes.  He had forgotten about those. "I will need a pair, won't I?  Can't wear these boots."
"I'll prepare this for you then.  Would you like assistance?" The woman was now at the counter, having sold the ogre a new shirt.  He was standing there holding it and gabbing at her, trying to win her affection through ceaseless babble.  As if swinging enough times would eventually land him a hit, common ground, and she would take an interest in him.  Xavier did not consider himself wise on such matters, but even he could've told the ogre that he wasting his and her time trying.
"May I try the shoes on?"
"Of course, sir."
"Then no, I'll be able to handle that myself."
There was an expression on the elf's face, or maybe it was just under his face, that seemed to say he wasn't so sure Xavier knew what a proper shoe would be. "Well, whenever you're ready, I'll check you out."
The novian nodded, and the elf nodded back.  It was a pleasant wordless communication, one that had both conversers on level ground.  They walked away from each other, Xavier to the racks and the elf to the aid of his fellow worker.
Six
Xavier let out a sigh in the middle of the aisle, staring at black leather and hard soles.  The boots he had on were sizes 4s, large for a novian but small to him.  On Earth he would need children's apparel, more than likely finding some sneakers that lit up and glowed in the dark.  Here he was on a foreign world, looking at . . . what were they?  Loafers?  Oh, it didn't matter, so long as he found some that fit and matched his clothes.  Black was always good for that, and plenty of it was here, even 4s and 5s, wides and slims.  A part of him wanted to grab 12s, just because that was his true fit, and how awkward they would look with that tiny suit.  The ogre finally left, a bell that Xavier hadn't noticed on the way in rang as the large man squeezed through, and he took a box of black loafers.
When he got to the counter with his shoes, the elf almost looked surprised that Xavier had such fine (albeit common) taste.  The collie, who was leaning against a wall behind the checkout desk with a nail file grinding at her dark and even claws, was passing another one of those sublanguage expressions at the elf.  This one said "Watch him pull out a bad card and then try to write a check, just you watch." He hated it when people had these wordless condescending dialogues.
The elf worked his register, a new machine with a rustic styling, with less enthusiasm than he had showed the novian minutes before.  Maybe he was taking credence in the collie's suspicions.  At last though, he calculated the total price, and it was exorbitant.  
Xavier could've bought three more sets.
He reached into his back pocket, and both the collie's and the elf's eyes narrowed.  Here comes the gun or the knife is what they're thinking.  I'm sure he has a finger sliding over some kind of panic button right now.  Xavier withdrew his wallet, where he carried, perhaps foolishly, perhaps wisely, all the money he'd gotten so far in envelopes and began setting troths marked with hundreds on the counter one by one until he reached the price.  The elf and collie looked puzzled, amazed, and embarrassed.
"Thank you, sir." Said the elf.  He handed Xavier his boxes and change and bid him have a fine day and fair luck at the meeting.
Xavier thanked him back.
He had told them he would not be wearing it today out of caution.  Something inside told him he didn't want anyone knowing what he was doing, and to him it sounded like paranoia.  But after thinking on it, he decided not to investigate the Tower too closely today.  He hadn't thought of an entry guise yet anyway, and it seemed brash to go charge in so soon.  Perhaps a casual observation of the property wouldn't hurt though.  Maybe he could toss out his hook and see if he snagged any mages hanging about.
Seven
Xavier is sitting on a bench a block from the Tower pretending to be a birdwatcher.  People in fine dress are strolling through the street with no particular goal in their eyes other than to absorb the scenery.  A woman walks by him with a poodle on a silver leash, and Xavier thinks it is the first time he has seen a normal dog.  The air is warmer now than it had been when he set out, but he still sees his breath come puffing out in little white clouds of wispy matter.  It looks like smoke to him.
He takes a deep breath and uses his third eye to scour the area.  For the most part the people on the streets have as much magical talent as gum wrappers.  One person, a draken man, has the skill to light candles and another can turn pages of books without hands, but otherwise they are not mages.  Xavier reaches out farther, still nothing of interest.  Then farther yet until he is touching the Tower with his mind.  He doesn't know what he looks like, but he hopes he isn't drooling in a trance state while his mind is floating through the block.  
In the tower there are three people of interest.  One is Festus, who has the power to lock and unlock doors.  There are two others with far more power.  Xavier cloaks his presence as best he can to keep them from feeling his senses over them, and he seems to be successful.  These two are near the governor, perhaps outside his suite door as guards.  They know how to burn people alive, use shieldings, and short circuit nervous systems.  The last sounds dangerous.
But that was it.  He could feel traces of others there, but they hadn't the foggiest idea how to manipulate reality.  He drifted away from these two and back to the governor.  What was Festus doing?  He put more effort into that extra presence, hoping he wasn't giving himself away.  The governor was sitting at a desk, staring at a monitor.  He was talking to someone, perhaps through video chat.  Xavier tried to see and hear the monitor, but it was a thing of electricity and wiring, not of crystals and magic.  To him the monitor was a quiet silhouette of square darkness, and Festus was a wooden puppet flapping his jaws.  Xavier had a hunch he wanted to know who Festus was chatting up and why, and maybe even how often.
He pulled back his vision, as he didn't think there was much more to garner without blowing his cover.  Upon returning to his base of operation, which was his body, he found himself staring dreamily at the Tower.  His boxed monkey suit was still beside him.
He went back to the Paragon and stashed his getup under the bed.  After this he went back out, ate at a pasta house, and began wandering his way through the streets listening for information and gently scanning the minds of passersby.  One of the streetwalkers happened to be a steel worker, one of the ones that worked on the Tower.  He had nothing to do with the interior, but Xavier thought that skeletons can say a lot about the flesh that wraps around them.
There were two elevators in the Tower and a fire resistant cement staircase on either side of each floor.  Or at least, the steel had been laid to accommodate such a safety feature.  All fine and good info that he would relay.  He wondered if Pathosia would be like Morphus.  
Would there be a battle?

Chapter Eighteen

One
Xavier stood behind the great rock and listened to the water splash along.  He had a few minutes, and the sun had some time as well, but he thought his meetings with Mara and Gabe might collide with his calls.  Hopefully they wouldn't be here much longer.  Hopefully the whole campaign would end soon, and he could tell The Order who he really was.  Then . . . then what?  Joy and comradery?  Grow up, Cecil.  That's not how this story will end.  Honestly, why don't you ever form realistic goals?  Ahh, but I'm you, so maybe it's my fault.  Thinking like this made his arms and legs feel weak, as if pressure points had been prodded.  He leaned against the rock to alleviate himself and turned on the phone.
The ringing stops, and he speaks up. "Hello, Salina."
"Anything new?"
He bites his lip.  He wants to go off tangent, ask her about her day and how she's doing.  Of course, he knows how she's doing.  He can remember that feeling he had had the entire time he was a werewolf, so there's no point in bothering and no reason to be such a dolt. "The river offers a good entrance.  There aren't any defendable points for them along it.  The whole place is undefended, really.  Except there's a Leviathan vehicle factory called Scylla on the north side of the river, not sure if Festus has any friends there or not.  The governor himself lives in a suite at a place called the Spiraling Tower.  He had two mages guarding his door today.  I don't think they were ex-Leviathans, too amateur.  But they knew how to shut down nervous systems."
"Are you alright?"
He didn't think he phrased it in a way that sounded like he found out by being attacked, so he was a bit shaken by the question. "No, I," He began and looked at the setting sun, "sensed their skills.  I don't think there was enough trace of me there to give anything away." He rubbed his face.  It was burning, and he was very glad that he was only on a phone. "He might have had more around, but if so they weren't mages.  I'll have to get in closer.  He was talking to someone on his computer, but without magical output, I couldn't hear or see."
"Are there civilian residents in this building?"
"I believe so, though I'm sure the neighboring rooms are friends of his.  He doesn't seem concerned about the campaign, and I don't know if that's a good thing."
"Gather information on his involvements and make sure to find out if there's anyone from Scylla on his side.  A rogue group of Leviathans is not what we need to be surprised by.  We don't need to know what he brought to Show and Tell in third grade, so pull out and head back to Fraushein all three of you, once you've decided what we're up against."
"I shall do exactly that, ma'am."
There was a pause, and Xavier thought she might have ended the call.  Then she spoke, and her voice seemed different.  It was more casual and reminded him of the night by the campfire.  It made him feel warm. "Salina is just fine.  I don't care about courtesy references.  Good luck, Xavier."
He had time to voice a thanks before the line died.  Xavier took a deep breath that fought the hot air in his lungs and the boiling blood of his face.  He held down PWR until the gray screen flickered out.
Two
Tonight they had a personal revelation to tell him.  Turned out they were engaged, not such a surprise, and wanted to clear the air on that.  Xavier didn't think they were so nave as to think he didn't already have them figured out.  What he did think was that they wanted to be open about it, to breed trust.  He congratulated them, and they appeared relieved that he wasn't about to spew them a lecture about racial purity.  He could imagine they'd gotten plenty of those.
Beyond that they had little to add to enemy intel, but that was alright.  They had given him stepping stones to do the heavy lifting himself, and he didn't mind one bit.  He supposed part of him looked at other people as incompetent and always had that motto "If you want something done right. . ." ringing inside.  Xavier would rather put himself in danger.  It was a trait he feared he may one day regret.
Three
He paid Ang's rent for another night and retreated to his room.  There was a good winter storm brewing outside, the kind with the sticking snow.  He'd have to wear a coat tomorrow unless he wanted his hot air pocket getting noticed.
He sat with the lights on for a while, pondering everything he was doing and working toward.  Hodge and Nelrene had, once upon a time, told him about where lycanthropy started and how Siegfried had gone to bar the rift between worlds with his soul, but none of it actually made any sense, and he wondered how much of it might be true, even if they all did believe it.  There was no reason that a group of large sentient wolves could make werewolves out of men, not even as a dying wish.  And how did that tie into interdimensional travel?  It did not, and none of it fit into place.  It was almost like a jigsaw puzzle where all the wrong pieces had been forcibly put together.  There were parts sticking out and images that were warped and displaced, and he had no idea how to put them into their proper order.
Xavier thought also about his talk with Salina.  She made him feel at home; they all did.  The Order, the only ones he had any familiarity with, saw him as a native and very possibly a deceptive one.  The people, like Mara and Gabe, didn't click with him the way any normal group of strangers form bonds over time.  In the end he was outcast by both sides, wasn't he?  He didn't belong with either, and despite being surrounded by allies, by friendly faces, he was alone.  It would be like this for Mara and Gabe's children, he knew.  While they might share characteristics with canids and novians, neither group would ever accept them as anything other than mutts
He fell asleep late that night, as he often did when his thoughts consumed him.  His best revelations had always come to him in that special time of solace just before sleep.  The thoughts carried him into dreams, and the dreams brought relief and escape.  As he had done many time before, Xavier wished he would never wake up.
Four
Festus had no tricks, not even a single moment of preparation spared for the coming storm.  Xavier used an opportunity to apply for a position at the Tower to get an interview and a tour of the building.  Festus had been doing nothing but squandering Dahzir's tribute funds to the city on an elven mistress of his in Hurlinge.  Scylla, Xavier discovered, was their own operation and was not associated with the governor in any way.  He relayed all of this to Salina and added points brought up by Mara and Gabe, who had discovered that Festus was planning to throw up a white flag when The Order came marching in.  
With their work in Pathosia finished, Xavier and his team boarded a train for Fraushein, back to base.
Mara and Gabe sat across from him in a red leather booth beside a clean glass window.  Their hands were knitted together, almost absentmindedly.  They were all looking out the window at the passing scenery in a train not unlike the one they had hijacked.
"So Xav," Mara says, never taking her eyes from the window, "wanna talk about why you're in this?" Her hand squeezes Gabe's, and he bounces his eyebrows.
No one can just forget.  They all have to be curious all the time. "I said I would, didn't I?" His mind races around to concoct believable lies. "After all, you guys did tell me about the nuptials." He feels like he should've whispered this, but the cab is empty.  Winter has finally come, and the sea of white stretching from horizon to horizon is a deterrent to travelers.  He decides to go with truth. "I won't lie, you had me pretty well pegged back in Sul." His mouth feels dry, and he reminds himself to only tell them so much. "I need this to stay a secret, of course." To this Mara rolls her hands, a 'get on with it' gesture.

Chapter Nineteen

One
It is a hard thing for him to sum up without blurting out "Hey guys, I'm actually Cecil Fauden, and I'm aiming to become a werewolf again without using The Order's obligation to me."  He scratches his chin and gazes at the white.  Just start off slow. "I'd be lying if I didn't say someone was on my mind." He took a breath, and it came in thick as honey. "There's something I share with them, but they don't know it."
"Is that why you cloaked your scent?" Mara asks.
"Yeah." He hopes that doesn't give anything away. "When they first came to" He almost says "this" but corrects himself without tripping, "our world, I got to know them.  I was different back then.  For one, I was no mage.  They don't recognize me now, and I don't want to just be sniffed out, you know?"
Gabe chimed in. "You want them to remember you for your person, not simply your face, am I right?"
"Yes." It almost hurt to be understood like that. "I accepted an offer of Salina's a long time ago." Careful now. "There were no strings attached.  It was like a gift, but I still want to repay the kindness." Memories swell to the surface, and it's almost too much to bare. "We shared a bond, all of us.  It's sort of been broken, but I want to mend it.  If they knew about me, they'd do it before I could, and then I couldn't return the favor."
Gabe was visibly perplexed, but not Mara. "Might I ask what she gave you?"
"You can, but I can't tell you.  It's something that was just between the two of us."
Gabe now. "If the two of you had such a connection, I don't think all the scent cloaking and magic in the world could hide you from her recognition."
Xavier grinned and set aside his reservations. "Who ever said I was only hiding my scent?"
Mara and Gabe exchanged a look.  A month ago that look might've been fear and suspicion, but now it was a clear look of intrigue.  Somehow he had actually won their sympathy.  Mara went on to ask, "So, can you tell us what else you're hiding?"
"I could, but I can't tell you what the truth of it is.  I trust neither of you would go blab," and that was truth, "but just having it in your minds would leave it to whoever wants to snatch it out." There was a bump, and Mara's fully visible rifle toppled over from her knees to Xavier's.  He pushed it back to her. "It's public information that Xavier Pontius never lived in Bellshire, that he never lived at all.  The Order knows this, I'm sure.  And I know they're keeping an eye on me to see what game I'm playing.  It defeats my purpose a bit to have earned that distrust, but at the same time it makes my work all that more meaningful.  More challenging."
Mara went on, "And of course you can't tell us your real name."
"I was comfortable before," Gabe said, "but now this is going to keep me up at night."
The urge to reveal his whole plan had grown strong and tempting, but he resisted. "If Salina, who I believe would be the first to see through all my nonsense, does realize it, my work will be done.  Then I'll be open about it.  You two will hear it from me, if I can help it." The train rocked again, as a cloud of powdery snow brushed up against the window and then dispersed into a million tiny clouds. "I grew up pretty normal." He said. "Ma and Pa worked, and I spent most of my time at school or in bed.  I was a very sick child.  It wasn't so much that anything was wrong with me, I don't think.  I don't remember ever hearing that I had a condition.  But I was very prone to getting sick.  My dad said it was because I picked my nose, and my mother said it was because I bit my nails.  That might have been true, I can't say."
"I left home when I was fifteen.  It was too early, and I wonder how my family took it when they came home, and I was nowhere to be found." He wasn't talking to them so much as himself, recounting that there was a life before all this. "I wish I could go back and have five more minutes.  I left in a hurry, and it would've been nice if I could've left a note, tell them I would be fine.  Of course, they wouldn't believe it, but still." He half nodded, half shook his head. "I haven't been sick since, and I don't know if I can even get colds anymore.  But even with all this newfound power I seem to have run into, I can't find my family.  I have no idea what happened to them.  They're beyond my reach.  Isn't that just ironic?" He shrugged and turned away from the blinding window.
Two
One of those imperceptible looks passed between Gabe and Mara, and he let go of her hand, readying to make gestures. "Mara and I grew up in Chrissenia.  She was a year ahead of me in school."
"And you have a thing for older women." She said with a strange expression.  Canine facial turns was still new to Xavier.
"I have a thing for you." Gabe replied. "Well, I was the one head-over-heels.  Sort of the shy type though, I was trying to find a way to talk to her without looking like a dork." There was a warmness on his face, clearly thinking of home when home was still there. "Our last year of school is when they taught us magic.  Some could learn, some couldn't, and some were good like you.  I was able to learn it, but I needed disciplinary aid, so they had me write down focusing phrases in a little journal." He patted the square lump in his travel sack. "This red one isn't the same one, but it's similar.  By some luck, they said I had trained well enough to go into operative work a whole year early if I wanted to.  It was dangerous, but I knew Mara was a part of that."
"I never was good at farming mushrooms." She said. "That was really the only other thing to do."
Gabe went on, "And then I caught my break.  I was assigned to go on a provision mission for wheat and flour in Hurlinge, and Mara was on the team."
"I was wondering why you were so nervous that day we set out." Mara had not heard this before.  "Those were the least dangerous missions."
"But even on the way there, and when we grabbed the supplies, I was too chicken to say anything to her.  Some of it was bashfulness, sure.  But then we also had others around, and I didn't know how everyone would react if I was open."
To Xavier. "You would think by now, people would be more accepting.  They advertise it as being fine, but it's amazing how many people spit at the idea."
Gabe cleared his throat. "So I kept quiet, and while we were headed back out of the city, we got ambushed by some thugs.  No big deal, but the guards were nearby and came running.  The thieves hightailed it, what with their nonexistent luggage, but we got stuck trying to explain ours to the Leviathans.  We got detained, stripped of all our weapons, supplies confiscated, and sentenced."
Xavier didn't think these two were all that much older than he was, so he asked, "For how long?"
"Life." Gabe replied. "The actual sentence was ten years, but when they send you to the mines, you're there forever." He looked at Mara who had turned to the window. "We went to the one north of the forest in the Scarab.  They're using it as a training grounds now for The Order's army, which is also ironic, huh?  While we were there, I made it my job to make sure that the beetles were always angrier at me than they might get with Mara.  I have plenty of love stripes on my back for that." He took a few moments. "And then one day, that Cecil kid showed up."
Xavier's heart dropped.  The mine had been a horrible turning point in his life.  It had been when his body was so baffled by what was happening that it sought death, but death fled from him.  His heart had stopped in the mine, and had restarted there.  A shiver went up his spine.
"I'm sure you heard of that." Gabe continued. "Cecil showed up at the mine and freed all the slaves.  It was actually that same night that the Chrissenians were sent into an exodus, which our imprisonment saved us from.  Well, as you know Dahzir showed up, sporting Hodge's body and cleaved all of us to pieces.  The other two who had been on the mission with us were shot down on the way out, so they were blessed not have seen what we saw.  He was so fast, so angry, and so happy.  Everyone was torn apart.  I was beside Mara, and we got spattered, but I used that.  I think it might have been the only time I used magic without the help of a journal.  I pushed Mara to the ground and laid on top of her, while I used magic to make us appear dead." He was staring at the seat beside Xavier in all its emptiness.  There were some things too hard to be passed from eye to eye. "You know, I don't think that would have worked either.  Dahzir was a powerful sorcerer and checking the bodies, decapitating some of the dead.  Just for good measure, I suppose.  I was so afraid, but if I was going to die any other way . . . I don't know.  That I could pass with Mara was comforting."  Mara wiped at her eyes and laid another hand on Gabe's knee.  Xavier was doing everything in his power to hide how close to home this was. "Then Cecil came out of the mine, and Dahzir got distracted.  I feel bad for that kid.  He was really trying to help, and when he was done fighting with the old king, he ran off sobbing.  I'd have told him thank you then, but I didn't know if Dahzir was gone yet.  There were jackals, I think, in the distance making a bunch of racket.  When we finally stood up, I wanted to bury everyone.  I mean, how could I leave them to wild beasts?  But Mara got me moving.  I know now it would've been stupid to stick around."
"We stayed under the radar for a while after that.  Eventually though, we reunited with Partheus and helped him sabotage the king's plans.  We even drove buses that night Cecil led our people out of prison.  After that, things cooled down.  The Leviathans took the bounties off.  And when The Order said they were looking to find a way back home and that they needed help toppling the remnants of the Old Kingdom, we were some of the first to sign up.  We owed them.  Our people had been oppressed by the royal family for such a long time, and Cecil and The Order broke that.  They gave us our home back, the people anyway, so it only makes sense to help them get to theirs."
Xavier turns from the screaming white which is the outside world and looks upon the faces of his friends.  He gives them a sincere smile that reads "We've all had it rough, then." But in his mind he is telling them they are welcome, and he only wishes he could've done more and done it better.
Three
They pass the time on lighter stories.  Gabe explains that Steel Forest had been Mara's musical inspiration growing up, and that she played the guitar "wickedly." Mara went on to tell Xavier that Gabe was a skilled artist, though he denied it, said she exaggerated.  Xavier let them in on some of his own childhood memories, none of which he thought were interesting.  He liked these two, and he was glad to have been paired up with them.  They spent the rest of the ride to Fraushein sharing stories and opinions.  A voice inside told Xavier he was letting his guard down, but he was okay with that, this time.  
This time he was with friends.
They handed in their reports at the Sentinel.  Salina took Xavier's personally, while Arthur took the other two.  That side of the building almost felt haunted with just the two werewolves in it.  Xavier remembered how lively it had been last time, when he had to wait in line just to get through the door.  Now the old prison side was filled with air and paperwork.  There were rooms beyond this first one, and he could hear people behind them, but this first belonged to its own private space.
They were each given a week's leave and were told to return for further assignment thereafter.
They left and ate at a nice steak joint up the block from the old castle, Xavier's treat.  He ate as much as both his friends combined, and they ate well.  They parted at the door.  Gabe and Mara told Xavier they were thinking of going on a camping trip, somewhere off the beaten path where they could relax.  He told them he'd be floating around town if they needed him.  
The group disbanded, and he was left to contend with himself again.

Chapter Twenty

One
The novian returned to his apartment, no eviction notice yet.  He pulled his keys from a pocket, surprising himself that he hadn't lost them, and opened the door to his, as he liked to think of it, den.  The place was as barren as ever and horribly unfurnished.  He wondered if the feel of home would be stronger if the fridge was letting out a rotten odor.  The "I forgot the milk" feeling.  The feeling of knowing you were the caretaker, and without you it all fell apart.  But there was none of that, only a gentle hum from the bored refrigerator and the heavy feel of emptiness.
He walked over to the drawn window, opened the blinds, unlocked the lever, and slid the glass up to let winter's cold bite howl in.  The room had already been somewhat cold, just warm enough for maintenance.  Now it was frigid; it was enlivening.  He took a deep breath and leaned over the sill, arms crossed, gazing at the frozen city.  So many people out there living their lives, working toward . . . what exactly?  Fortune?  Stability?  He thought it was probably just living for tomorrow and to wash away today's pain.  That's how people knew how to live best, though it was never the best way of living.  He watched people go in and out of buildings, some restaurants, some bars.  One was Saint Braun.  Living to live tomorrow and kill today.  He smiled, and his aching cheeks burned with cold.  He was trying to get away from today, too.

Two
He walked to the Sentinel the next morning, wearing one of the coats he'd bought with his janitorial money and a pair of boots that hadn't seen anyone get killed.  The first room, that old jail office, was open to the elements.  No shut door, no heaters running.  It made sense to him.  The werewolves didn't get cold.  If Partheus, Patricia, or another mortal came, there were warmer rooms further in.
He stepped into the office where the clerk had crawled out from under her desk and shot the goblin boy.  It was very clearly not a business day, and he wondered if no one at all was there watching the place.  His face felt cold and dry, as if it wanted to be splashed with warm water.  But his hands were hot with a sense of him trespassing.  Xavier walked up to where the old desk had been.  It had either been replaced or repaired, because one just like it sat in its place.  There were no papers on it, but there was a paperweight, a paw shaped piece of glass with a wolf mural staring up from the bottom.  The door to the old prison was blocked by boxes and worn chairs, but the door leading into the Sentinel was standing fine and ready where it always had.  He leaned against a wall, the cold trying to overtake him but failing, and waited and watched.  Xavier just needed a few minutes to accept the history here.  He believed it would be a step toward promoting a healthy mind.
But fate had a way of being corny, and Salina came walking through the Sentinel door.  She closed the door behind her and stopped when she saw him.  She was wearing a T-shirt that actually fit her properly, jeans, and brown leather boots.  Not winter apparel but comfortable stuff.  Her blonde hair was tied back in a ponytail that seemed to want a complementary baseball cap.  Plain as a stack of cardboard, Xavier thought she never looked more beautiful.  In her eyes he could see the feral thing he had once owned himself, and on her back was that colossal sword in a sheath that could not be drawn from.
"Need anything, Xavier?" She did not seem in the least bit surprised that he was here, but she didn't seem to expect him either.
A long list of desires popped into Xavier's head. "Nope." He said and looked over at the desk with the paperweight.  He understood looking at a person was a part of normal conversation, but he didn't feel that he could handle looking at her for too long of stretches.  He might blurt something out.  Or worse, his eyes might get caught and never leave. "Need?  No.  But I could write an epic about the wants."  That sounded better in his head. "I actually didn't expect to run into you here.  Or anyone, really." 
Alright "Xavier," I'm going to list to you a few things you can do now, since you're backed into a corner.  I mean, how are you really going to explain why you decided to stop by?  Option one: you can try to do the small talk.  You know, see if she ever casually visits places where she died, or how about that weather.  I will say, that's probably the safest route.  Option two: you can ask her out.  Horribly insubordinate, forward, and stupid.  Doesn't need to be a date.  You can play it off as wanting to know The Order better.  Remember she doesn't HAVE to eat or drink, but she can.  And put your appetite to shame, if she wanted to.  Coffee or a walk might do.  She'll say no.  She's busy, and despite never having seen evidence that she's not single, she is undoubtedly taken.  I mentioned it's stupid and forward, but it does show interest.  It has that one small thing.  Option number three, and this one's my personal favorite: you spill the beans, all of them if you want.  You tell her who you really are, maybe talk about the night she gave you lycanthropy to prove it.  And if you really want to be a sop, you can follow this by option dos.  I admit, it doesn't play into the heroic scheme we have going, but boy it's a lot simpler.  And who knows, it might even be better.
"Xavier," She went on, "are you sure?  Why did you stop by then?"
Xavier felt those cold cheeks blister with heat.  Don't you even think about guising that with magic.  Blushing is cute, it's endearing, it shows meekness, and maybe that will separate you from all the horny jackasses. "Uhh," Oh, don't go 'uhhh, doy' for too long.  You'll wear out the cuteness and use up all her time.  Have some respect for her time. "I guess since you're here, maybe I could have your ear for a while?  I want you to know I'm not a bad guy.  The Order doesn't have to worry about me." It's like you've never spoken to anyone before.  But I like this Order angle.  It shows you can be business, maybe even shows that you can keep it in your pants. "I'm not really using the leave, so maybe, if you wanted, that is if you're not busy." Calm down.  Your face feels like blacktop on a July noon.  Man up.  The cute part is over. "You know what I'm trying to say.  I'd like to talk to you.  Somewhere other than here, where the cold is fighting me." You did it, almost rudely toward the end, but you did it.  Now brace for rejection, because you just spewed the most ridiculous string of sentences out of your gob.  It might have also helped if you had the spine to make eye contact.
"Are you asking me out?" In a tone just as emotionless as that desk. "You know, that's unprofessional."
"No," He stumbled.  His thoughts held in place, perhaps not wanting to jinx him this far in. "I just wanted to, well, talk and . . . yeah.  I don't know what else to call it."
She thought for a moment, and it looked like she really was considering. "Does the phone in your apartment still work?"
He hadn't checked, but he knew he was still paid up. "Yeah." I'm sorry.  This is cold.  She's about to say 'If you just wanted to talk, you could've used that.' This is gonna sting to hear it from her, though.
"I'll call you later.  Not today, I'm busy today.  But one day this week, before your leave is over, we'll get together and talk." She wasn't smiling physically, but there was something in her tone and in her eyes that seemed coy.  She walked past him to the door and slapped his shoulder on the way out. "Don't be so nervous." 
And with that, she left him in the cold.
Three
He sighed and rubbed his face.  He couldn't see it, but he knew it had to be as red as the blood making it so.  That went better than I thought.  Bridging the gap between you two.  Very good.  Now all you have to do is bring out that sincere charm.  I mean, she liked you enough when you were Cecil, didn't she?  How can she think any less of you now that you're a walking pile of lies and secrets?  He took a few minutes to cool down.
When the red in his face dissipated, it left his skin feeling worn and colder than before.  He left the Sentinel with a sense of regret, as if he had just derailed everything he had ever worked for.  But another part of him was exuberant.  He wouldn't call his exchange with Salina a smooth operation, but it hadn't fallen apart exactly either.  Still, he had his nerves to contend with now.
He cannot shake the feeling that Siegfried ratted him out, and a mixture of fury and delight brews at the thought.
Four
Did she mean she'd call him today and make plans this week, or would the call and the plans both happen another day?
The phone in his apartment indeed still works.  He sits down on the couch and impatiently knits his fingers in anticipation.  He then gets up and paces for a few minutes.  Then he sits again.  There is a book on the table, Of Moons and Dreams by a Marser Vanderbrook.  He picks it up, needing something to keep his mind off phantom phones ringing.
Hey, he thinks to himself, do you even know how healthy this is?  It's about time you started making a move.  But she isn't interested in me like that, he reflects back at himself, only humoring me because I'm hiding something.  He closes the book over his thumb and scrolls through memories.  He opens the book again and creases the second page.  A Sir Winsome is rallying knights to go into battle with a cult of Orion zealots.  So what about her intimidates you so much?  You overthink some things, and I'll have you know that that is slave labor.  He grins.  Let's be optimistic for just a second, please.  Say the two of you do hit it off, what happens then?  Hodge was right, they don't turn anybody into a werewolf that they think is nice.  If you want to be one of them again, you'll have to let them know who you are.  Xavier bites his lip and drifts away for just an instant, thinking about Salina's warm embrace.  I'd have to have a definite way of proving who I am.  Nothing I did in my time here is very identifying.  Everyone seems to know who I was here and what I did.  But maybe if I talked about that night my sickness went away, and I found her in the woods with her . . . the second person, demeaning side finished, Yes, her gorgeous silver fur, book in hand, a single apple tree looming overhead.  The moon had been waning that night, I think.
He went back to the book.  Sir Winsome was powerless without a reader, after all.  And those zealots had gone too far, hadn't they?  He was still nervous, still letting that voice of reason, and often cynicism, run his gambit.  But it was his own voice, and sometimes its counsel was sound, if not a bit disheartening.  Let it speak.  He'd glean from it what applied, as he always had done.
Five
The night ran on, and the book grew shorter.  After a few twists and turns, Sir Winsome's son was close to the bottom of a mystery his father had uncovered decades beforehand.  There had been betrayal, love, and revelation.  All the ingredients for a sound story, if done right, and this was.  It even had heart, for what it was worth, and a great dynamic between Winsome Jr and his brother-in-arms Sir Cedric, real mismatched best friends.  Chapter sixteen ended with Jr learning that his superiors had been covering up details about cult functions and allegiances, and Xavier hadn't the energy left to go on with it.  The forty-five pages to the end would have to wait; he was too tired, and it was too late.
He put the book down on the table and added a new crease.  He spent his whole afternoon on that couch and most of the night.  Xavier wiped his face, expecting a layer of crust to flake off, and twisted his back.  The joints connecting his thighs to his pelvis popped when he stood, and the ones in his elbows gave a similar snap.  Mortal bodies did that, he had to remind himself.  He looked at the phone again, no missed calls, no calls caught either.  It would be another day, she had forgotten, or never meant to at all.  He stopped the petty voice inside before it could wind around the idea and turned the living room light off.  Time for bed.
He brushed his teeth with his left hand, a habit he made years ago, though he was naturally right handed.  The paste tasted like mint, just as most of it had back on Earth.  He could only hope it worked as well as or better than its terran version.  He was young, but he hadn't had many chances to brush over the last month.  Being mortal had its worries.  He read that gum disease was closely related to heart disease.  After what his heart had been through, he didn't think he wanted to put it under any extra stress.  Then again, perhaps with magic it didn't matter.
He stripped down to his underpants, shut off the bathroom light, and stumbled into his bedroom and into bed.  It wasn't until he was in bed that he realized he could have lit his way with a false flame, a cold one even.  No point in dwelling on that now.  He rolled over and stared at the alarm.  It was a quarter past midnight, but when did he want to get up?  It would be nice, he thought, if he could set the clock to "coma." He supposed he might as well burn through this leave, so he didn't touch the clock.  Sleeping in would be nice.  It would kill time.
As the clock's digital face ticked from twelve-nineteen to twelve-twenty and Xavier was about lost to the living world, the phone rang.  His eyes widened and his legs began kicking without conscious input from his brain.  Sheets whiffled about, and he kicked the nightstand.  Pain shot up through his leg, while he hobbled furiously out of his room.  The door of his room was shut, and he came close to blasting the thing away with a spell or two, or twenty.  Someone below him told him to keep it down and started banging the ceiling under him.
He grabbed the phone, panting and begging that she was still on the other side. "Hello." He said.  The pain in his smashed toes had settled to a sore throb.  Please don't be a telemarketer.
"Xavier," Salina replied, "I didn't wake you, did I?"
"No, no.  I sleep like a rock.  The phone never would've been able to get through to me."
"Yeah, I had to kick you to wake you up in Morphus." The person below him stopped their scolding. "So," She went on, "sorry I called so late.  I thought I had your number on my own phone, but I didn't.  So I had to go back to the Sentinel to get it."
"You didn't have to do all that for me.  I know you're busy."
"I am, but I have the next six hours somewhat free.  You know, when everyone else in the world sleeps.  Also I would feel bad not giving you a call, when I said I would."
"Thank you, Salina.  You're too kind to me." You always have been.
"Well, even if you weren't asleep, I'm sure you're exhausted, just getting back from the mission and all.  So how about we go to Medister's on Friday.  I mean Fairday.  After I'm done sorting names.  Around eight?  My treat."
"Sure but," Medister was expensive, "I'll pay.  It wouldn't feel right of me to let you pay.  You don't even have to eat.  It would make me feel selfish."
She laughed. "Xavier, I have a food budget that hasn't been touched in decades.  I can handle it.  It's also an order."
He wasn't happy about her footing the bill, but he didn't want to push the point.  Hopefully she'd let him pick up the tip. "I'll see you there."
"Sure." She stopped for that moment of silence that always seems to precede goodbyes. "Oh," She started, breaking that moment, "how's your head?  You had a nasty bump on it."
He had forgotten about the head injury and the afternoon she had spent talking to him at the hospital.  He couldn't care less about the bruise that had long since passed.  Xavier was lifted by her effort. "That healed up weeks ago.  But thank you for asking.  And thanks again for saving me from a worse bump."
"It was nothing, really." That pause again. "So I'll see you Fairday."
"Yeah." He wanted to add more, but it would be too easy to say something stupid.
"Take care, Xav."
"You too, Salina." And the line died.
Xavier put the phone back on its dock and leaned against the wall.  His face was red and hot again, his fingertips cold and numb, and his legs wobbly.  Never mind the throbbing toes.  They might as well be a million miles away from his pain receptors.  He had an urge to do a little dance, make a little noise.  But after how his neighbor reacted to him getting his toes stubbed, Xavier thought it would be just as well to go back to bed with a smile.

Chapter Twenty-One

One
The sun was up, halfway between dawn and noon, but what light it had to pour into his room was broken by a nearby building.  It made him feel like he was living in a kind of wall or crawlspace, but he didn't exactly hate the feeling of it.  He slid out of bed and held his toes up to the light.  They were sore and bruised.  He pulled the injured foot up over one knee and covered the discolored flesh with his hands.  He thought of soothing, of white magic, of regeneration, and energy flowed from his fingertips to his toes.  When he took his hands away, he saw unmarred skin and nails just as they should be.
Healing aside, he sleeps in, and his stomach reminds him he's running late.  He walks out to the fridge, opens it hopefully, and stares at the bare shelves inside.  He wonders why he even has the thing plugged in and shuts the door.
He takes a shower and throws on his civilian clothes.  He's not sure if he can think of it like that yet.  He grabs his keys and a coat and steps into the hall.  There is a fair sum of money in his pocket, and he walks down the corridor, pulling it out and counting it.  He stops at the last door on the left.  To the right is an exit door to the stairs.  There is no working elevator; that is to be added later, supposedly.
He knocks on the door and is met with the wonderful reverberation of hollow wood.  Something flashes over the peephole.  Locks are undone, and a gray wolfman in a pink robe opens the door.
"Xavier!" The man went with a grin, arms outstretched, and hem of the robe sliding up over his knees.  Xavier was glad it didn't go any higher. "How've you been?  I haven't seen you in a while."
"Fine, fine, Borsi." Xavier recounted the bills.
"Still working at the hospital?" Borsi brought his arms to his chest and clamped them over the robe's opening. "Annah's robe.  I didn't have time to fetch mine."
Xavier half-nods and bounces his eyebrows. "Right." The money is counted. "No, I found a better job.  Has me running a lot though." He holds the money out. "Unless the price has been jacked, that should cover three more months of rent and utilities."
Borsi takes the troths and ruffles them quickly. "That'll do." There is a creak behind him.
"Who are you talking to?" Annah asks.  She's wearing Borsi's robe.  Its own blue hem is down to her shins.  She's a lighter gray than her husband, and she reminds Xavier of Salina. "Oh, hi Xavier." She leans against her husband's back and rests her long chin over his shoulder.
"Hello, Annah." Xavier looks away from her and to Borsi.  He doesn't want to look at her any longer, too similar.  He nods again and starts inching toward the steps.
Borsi understands the gesture. "Well Xavier," he goes and pecks his wife's fuzzy cheek with a kiss, "don't wait another three months to come and stop by.  We should all go out to dinner sometime.  The three of us, and your girlfriend too, if you want."
"I'd like that." Xavier replies, and he means it.
Two
He stops at a diner to get out of the cold and to fulfill the wishes of his stomach.  The sign inside by the checkout says he can seat himself, so he finds a nice alcove by the window and flips through a menu on the table.  He looks for something to catch his eye, but he'll default to bacon and eggs with some juice or milk, if he doesn't find anything.  There is a searing sound coming from the kitchen, and the smell of cooked eggs and sausage steams out of a window between the kitchen and dining areas.  A line of steel coffee brewers is against the wall by the bar.  There is a self-serve salad bar to the side of this with a decrepit elf scooping tomatoes onto a plate.  On the other side of the coffee station is an assortment of glass and plates that appear to be clean.  A well-endowed ogress is taking the orders of a novian family closer to the entrance.  The wife is doing the ordering, so as to not let her husband talk to the balcony with legs.  Xavier thinks the ogress is a lot like the woman who worked at Steaks For Goodness Sakes back in Redora, or at least what she might have looked like twenty years ago.
He decided to go with an omelette, three egg.  It seemed like an age had passed since he had one of those.  A tall elven busboy, as gaunt and pale as death, cleaned up a table in the second dining section and tossed a glare at Xavier.  With the way the elf's face was structured, it might just as well have been a greeting smile.  To be sure, Xavier reaches across the room with his mind and into the more secluded second area where the elf is.  He prods at the elf's mind while innocently gazing out the window at a flurry.  The elf pauses gathering up dishes in his waste basket and stares ahead, eyes glazed over.  The elf thinks Xavier is someone else.  Xavier releases the elf.  The boy has been getting flak for being slow.
He sits and considers why, when there are half a dozen customers, no one can get their drink earlier than the rest of the food.  He can't wrap his mind around how pouring a glass of juice could take five minutes, but then again he isn't very thirsty.  He looks out at the street and the glass buildings.  Everything is white.  Back on Earth cities had a hard time letting the snow lay, but that might have had something to do with salt.  They didn't salt here, because no one drove, at least not here.
Three
A Rottweiler man walks in, as the family gathers up their leftovers and heads for the counter.  The man sits at the bar for a few moments, observes the staff and Xavier, and walks over to the novian's table.  He's wearing a gray down jacket and beige cargo pants.  There is a pack of cigarettes hanging from the front pocket of the jacket, a brand called Epsilon.  He sits down across from Xavier, folds his scarred hands neatly in front of him, and draws on a face without expression. "Enjoying your breakfast?" He asks and lays his hands flat on the table.  There is a shaved patch of fur on the back of his left hand which form the letters "RB."
Xavier puts down his fork.  He doesn't recognize the man at his table. "It's fine." The novian replies and takes a swig from his quarter full glass. "It could use some more mushrooms, I guess.  But I like it."
The man looks at the plate.  The skin around his eyes wrinkles. "That's a good bit of food for someone your size, isn't it?  That's as much as I would eat."
Who is this guy?  He can't be on to me. "Well, I was hungry." He glances out the window, wondering if this new friend doesn't have more friends waiting outside. "I'm Xavier Pontius." He lays down the fork and extends his right palm.  He once read that offering your left hand to shake with was rude. "And you are?"
The man grabs the novian's hand firmly but briefly. "No, you're not.  There is no Xavier Pontius." He reaches into his jacket and withdraws a slip of paper. "But my employer is impressed with your skills." The man slides the slip across the table, careful to avoid a splotch of water. "He's willing to offer you a rate three times higher than what you're being paid now."
Xavier examines the paper.  It's filled with contact instructions, and he happens to recognize the area code on a phone number. "This is from Daskin.  This is from Governor Malachi, isn't it?  How did you people find me?"
The man glances around. "Just think about it.  He's willing to offer you special privileges." He leaned forward and took the paper. "I'll keep this.  I hear you have a fine memory." He stands up and holds the paper out in front.  He begins talking again in a much louder voice. "Oh, I see.  I have to go up Main until I get to Hill Street.  Then make a right onto Hill, not a left.  Thanks, buddy!" He shoots Xavier a cold look and puts away the paper.  He walks out.
Xavier finishes his breakfast and leaves a good tip.  He means to tell The Order about that offer, but he doesn't want to do it by phone.  Fairday is tomorrow, so it probably wouldn't hurt to wait to tell Salina.  Or would it hurt?  He had a good hunch he wasn't the only one getting recruitment offers.
Four
After stopping at a bookstore, he returns to his apartment.  The history here is different, and he wants to learn it.  After all, he had technically dropped out of school.
When he gets back to his apartment with his arm load of books, he finishes reading Sir Winsome Jr's story.  It all comes down to Sir Cedric lying in a pool of his own blood with Winsome holding him and not saying a word.  Cedric retells a thousand lives' worth of stories that the two shared on their journeys, and Winsome does not interrupt.  Even when death comes and breaks all vows and puts man's ideals to the blade, Winsome holds onto his gallant ways, having been taught to let a dying man have his words.  When Cedric finishes his flashbacks and good talk, Winsome claims all those efforts won't be in vain, and the two exchange farewells.  The book ends with Cedric dying and Winsome being left to finish the work his father started, alone.
Xavier likes the ending.  He had been a martyr once, and it had been Salina who took up his sword.  But at the same time, the ending is hollow and lacks closure.  He goes to the front cover and inspects the lamellar paper.  Just as he suspected, below the title and above the author's name is "A Moonscape Trilogy Book.  Number One." That was fine and good, and it justified another trip into town.
He goes down to pick up the rest of the series and then heads over to an electronics store to blow some of his credit.  He buys a TV and spends a great deal of time convincing the salesman that he can indeed carry it home without help.
He installs the idiot box in front of his table of books.  Local stations will have to do.  He's only interested in the news anyway.  Xavier has a feeling that if he started watching a purely entertaining show, most of the context would be lost to him.
When the news comes on, he is delighted to hear it is just like it had been back home.  A murder here, a robbery there, why carrots might actually be bad for your eyes, and inaccurate weather.
A report comes on about a newly discovered comet.  An astronomer in a Dying Day metal band T-shirt is speaking to the reporter about a fast moving comet they've dubbed Ganymede Seven, a name which makes Xavier wish scientists would be a little more creative.  According to the astronomer, the comet has a very long ellipse and hasn't passed Destursha since before written language.  He projects that it will pass the planet in early fall.  The reporter signs off, claiming that his station will keep up with all the latest news.
He lets the TV run a while afterwards.  He isn't interested in any of the programming, but it's good time-killing noise, and he loves every moment it destroys.

Chapter Twenty-Two

One
Xavier is standing outside of Medister's Ronian Restaurant on the corner of Hamlet and Orson on that cold Fairday evening.  His new phone, a device he would claim to be the most nerve-racking clock on the market, tells him it is seven fifty five.  He whispers the time and something about all the soft "f"s makes his mouth feel dry, or maybe it's something else.  He is wearing part of his posh disguise.  Medister's is good, but he knows it isn't grand, and he doesn't want to overdress.  A male and female pair of ogres passes him to the door.  The man holds the door, and she remarks what a kind gentleman he is.  Xavier wonders how many couples are inside.  The snowy air wraps around him and chills his core, relieving him of some of the nervousness.  His mind tells him he ought to calm down, since he is becoming a great wizard.  Soon a day will come, he knows, when he'll be able to literally move mountains.  Why then, should a date derail his nerves so severely?
Salina arrives walking up from Orson.  She is wearing a robin's egg blue blouse, the counterpart of his own attire.  For this Xavier is glad, as he believes he would be choking on his own tongue had she worn a dress.  She approaches him with a nod and a smile.  She is wearing lavender perfume that he thinks must be overwhelming to her.
He nearly trips getting the door for her.  She waits for him to hold the door for a departing family of novians before approaching the matre d and confirming that there are only two.  Xavier follows Salina, who follows a waitress, to their table.  They have a corner booth, the seats of which are high and thick, rather isolating.  The waitress asks if they would like anything to drink, and Xavier ask for a root beer.  Salina asks for the same.  When the waitress departs, Salina explains that taste is the only redemption in food for her.
They thumb through menus.  When the server leaves to let them decide, Salina opens the conversation. "Let's get this out in the open." She says. "There is no Xavier Pontius on record, and no one living in Bellshire or had lived there can say they know a man with that name.  But Hodge says you're sincere.  Or at least enough so that you'd rather leave it at that than cover yourself up with more lies.  And you know what, I'm fine with that, too."
He shrugs and his hands feel cold.
"There.  That's out there.  So what's on your mind?"
Two
Things picked up after the waitress wrote down what they'd come to eat.  It started off casual, Xavier asking her about what she enjoys doing outside The Order, and Salina asking him about why he hadn't ordered a glass of wine.  Their food was served, and Salina's plate rivaled Xavier's.
"So," She went and deepened the talk, "you're not a Chrissenian, and no one can place you with the sympathizers.  So, why join us?"
"Oh!  That reminds me.  I was eating at a diner the other day, and a man approached with a paper of contact information.  It looked like Daskin area codes.  I think Malachi was trying to recruit me."
"Yeah, I've heard about them doing that.  They're trying to sow dissent.  I have a feeling Malachi will be the hardest to overthrow, and that's before taking his fortified city into account." She bit into her steak and a piece wedged between her teeth.  She dislodged it with a claw. "Sorry, I don't eat often.  And back when I needed to eat, I never went to a place this nice."
"You don't need to tell me.  I'd do the same thing if I had claws."
"So what did they offer you?"
"He claimed I'd get my current pay tripled, and that I would get 'special privileges.' Whatever that means."
She leaned forward, her chest pressing against the fabric of her shirt. "But you didn't take it, and I can't see why." She noticed that, while he was using some effort to not stare at her breasts, he was keeping his eyes on her face. "Can you tell me then?"
He wanted to say something about his allegiance to his old friends, wanted to say it was because of her.  That was five steps ahead of where he was now, and he wasn't about to blow it all. "I like you guys and what you stand for.  It's hard to say, but there are some things more valuable than money."
Salina was glad he didn't spew out some romantics, as was expected.  It was obvious to her that he was interested, and in her experience, men had two minds: the upper mind and the lower mind.  Both tended to be stupid, but the lower seemed dumber most of the time.  She'd seen them have the upper take control just long enough to let lust take over, when it thought the game was won.  She was willing to humor his mind, try to get a read on him that way.  Men were horrifically stupid about a woman's awareness.  Men thought exposed cleavage was magic and that a woman had no idea how much skin she was showing.  A tryst was fun every decade or so, if you could stomach the shallowness of it, but it was good to have someone to talk to.  She knew he wasn't aware of it, but his ability to keep his eyes up was earning him more credit than his words. "All right.  So what do you plan on doing after this is all over?  You probably don't want to go back to the hospital.  Honestly though, you would make a fine Leviathan."
It took some effort to not say he wanted to go with her and the rest, that he would follow her to any world she would take him to. "Well, janitor work is off the table.  That's far too dangerous for me." They both smirked at this.
Three
She finishes her plate before he is half done with his and slugs away her drink.  She places it all aside and wipes her mouth with a napkin.  When he finishes his, they go on to talk about their childhoods.  It is the first time he'd heard her story firsthand, and he's glad to hear it.
"The Lord giveth, and the Lord taketh away." She said, leaning back and pressing her golden hair into the booth. "Except when something good happens.  Then it's witchcraft." She explained that the people of her community wouldn't accept her recovery when she became a werewolf.  No one would believe that her legs came back to life without satanic intervention, and they ostracized her.  They claimed that the fire that had taken away most of her loved ones had been divine and meant to kill her as well.  When they came to finish what the fire started and found that they could not harm her, they went after what few remained. "So I ran away, hoping they would leave those ones alone, the ones I still had left."
There are a hundred comforting phrases that come to him at this.  Ninety or so of them would reveal his true self.  The rest are heartless shamblings of recycled words.  So he chooses what is usually best.  Quiet sympathy.
She asks him about those he might have left behind, and he responds with as much detail as he dares. "I had a girlfriend." Go on, say her name.  Salina doesn't know it. "Her name was Cathrine, and I was willing to believe anything she told me.  Heck, I'd even slap excuses onto the things she said for her."
"Do you miss her?"
"Perhaps a bit.  For a long time the missing was strong.  Which is silly, when I think about it.  I wouldn't be surprised if she had a lineup of replacements waiting for the moment I tripped up." He looks away from Salina.  Something inside tells him that talking about old flames while looking into her eyes conveys a want.  While that is true, he isn't ready to voice it. "But I do miss my family.  They always goaded me, when I made a bad decision, made it seem like my fault.  But I know that was just their way of trying to put me on a better path." He feels comfortable looking at her again. "I've lost all track of them, and wonder what they're up to.  I also miss . . ." He comes close to saying 'driving to town to see my friends' but shortens the thought. ". . . my friends."  He hopes she didn't catch the pause, but he is glad there are a million or so things to fill in the blank with other than Earthen means of transport.
Four
They go for a while.  He tells her how he had always been prone to bronchitis and infections growing up, to the confusion of clerics.  Whenever the waitress stops by, Salina waves her on.  They share their interests, and Xavier is reminded of the night by the road.  He wonders if she had cared about the boy Cecil had been and if he shouldn't be forthright with her now.  It makes him think of the mine and how they abandoned him.  He had been her responsibility, her pup to teach, and they let him go.  Of course, now that he thinks of it, they had told him to come with.  What would've happened had he turned and gone with The Order?  Certainly he wouldn't have set Mara and Gabe free, and he wouldn't have been driven to kill those dragons, creatures which needed no help in going extinct.  He might not be here, eating with the woman who had taken him away from home, as mortal as when he had gone with them.  Then again, they might all be dead.
He begins asking questions that have bothered him for a long time.  He starts by asking her things anyone would ask.  She explains the language similarity.  Then he asks, "Are there other werewolves that didn't come here?"
To this she replies, "At least two.  Friends of Arthur's.  One was named Barnabas, and he was dangerous.  You wouldn't know the movie we got the idea from, but we managed to trap him in cooling magma.  Enough that his strength wasn't great enough to break it.  But who knows, he could be free now.  I hope he isn't.  The other I can't remember, but he never caused trouble, so we never looked for him."
He asks another. "What did The Order do back on Earth?"
"We mostly kept track of imbalances between our two worlds through Siegfried.  Used his insight to make good investments.  Became obscure millionaires.  And since the way here seems like a one-way road, we're looking at more conventional methods.  We rarely intervened in wars, though we did a few times.  Never openly.  People would've wanted to use us as weapons."
He asks about the different peoples of Earth, and she tells him they were all human, which is a word in Destursha that can refer to any of the sentient races.  She elaborates and explains that people all looked like The Order members, some shorter, some taller, and with many different skin tones, but no one was drastically different by and large. She adds, "Arthur also took it upon himself to spread lore.  He would go to remote villages and towns, howl at the moon -we only had one- and beat on doors.  He made myths about werewolves, yetis, and sasquatches." She explains what those were. "Hodge gave him an earful about it, but Arthur never hurt anyone.  So we let it go."
Something else rises to his mind, a question he wouldn't be able to go to sleep with. "You were the one that gave Cecil lycanthropy, right?  Hodge tells me it isn't something you can earn.  Why did you give it to him?"
She glances instinctively at her shoulder, searching for the relic Cecil left behind. "I was on my way to a place called Maine, and I happened to be going through the woods he was in.  It looked like he was cutting up roasting sticks, but it was dark.  Clearly he forgot to do that earlier.  Anyway, he had this flashlight that he dropped, and I stopped to hear him react.  Teenagers, especially boys, always seem to like swearing and throwing a fit when they're away from their parents or with friends.  So I waited for the tantrum.  That way I could chalk it up to how great mankind was.  You know, just being cynical.  But he didn't yell, and he didn't blame the world for his clumsiness.  He just accepted what he did and went to fix it.  He mumbled something about dropping it right there, but that was it.  I thought that was very rare.  That's when I came out of hiding, made the offer, and he accepted.  After that I decided to stay in the area and make sure he didn't get into trouble.  I had no idea he was a descendent of Siegfried's.  Needless to say, and I'll say it anyway, I never made it to Maine.  Since Cecil becoming a werewolf is basically what got us here."
Xavier is flabbergasted.  He had believed that night had been nothing more than whimsy on her part.  If she had a reason, even a small one, then perhaps this quest wasn't needed. "Because he didn't throw a fit?"
"I can't tell if it was a poor decision or the best one I ever made.  He was the youngest of us, and somehow he was the first werewolf to die.  He shouldn't have gotten killed for us.  It was our fault we walked into a trap."
Xavier pulls the curtain from his veil for just a moment to say, "He died because he wanted to save you."
"I know, but I still wish he was here now." And that hits him.
The waitress stops by again and asks if either would like dessert.  Salina says she'd eat if he did, but Xavier adds that some people had to watch their figure.  To this she rolls her eyes and asks for the check.  When it comes Salina makes sure she gets to it before he, and with her longer arms, it was no contest.  He asks her if she'll at least let him cover the tip, and she allows him.  He remarks that next time, he would like to cover the meal, and she doesn't disagree.  It isn't the idea of him paying that makes him happy though, it's the idea of her consenting to another outing.
Five
He walks her out and holds the doors again.  He then offers to walk her home, but she declines.  Not that she doesn't enjoy his company, she says, but that the walk is a good distance.  They exchange goodbyes, and Xavier does all he can to show how sad he is to see her go so soon.
He permits himself to watch her walk away, until she rounds a corner.  Again he is glad she dressed modestly, but even so her gait intoxicates him.  She looks back only once to send a smile and wave, and he reciprocates both before she disappears.  To him she is beautiful in a way that neither his mind nor manhood can understand.  There are plenty of women with minds to talk to and fine forms to look upon, but he knows there is more to her.  It is such a dumb thing to feel, so sappy and adolescent.  But the heart wants what it wants, and one can't argue it.
He stands there in the cold for a time, amazed that his face isn't red and hot, before returning to his books.  When he gets home he changes into clothes he isn't afraid to stain and sits down on his couch.  It isn't late yet, but he is tired.  Tiredness, however, is not the same as sleepiness, and he knows that if he went to bed all he would do is toss and turn and think about her.
After some reading, he eventually fades, wondering how quickly he can burn through his leave.

Chapter Twenty-Three

One
Midasday rolled around.  He had spent a while the morning after the dinner pacing in front of his phone, wondering if it was protocol to call Salina.  That applied to dates, but had that really been a date?  After some thought, he decided he wanted to talk to her anyway, practices be damned.
When the leave was about up, he went to the Sentinel.
Arthur is sitting at the front desk with his feet propped up and a tune whistling from his mouth.  Xavier can't place it, but he thinks it might be an anthem of some sort, definitely one from earth.  The tall British man regards the novian passively and continues whistling.  His red hair has grown long in the back, forming a curly mullet that should never be worn without a flannel jacket, a ball cap, and some stonewashed jeans.  There is a stack of yellow envelopes with red seals on the desk next to the feet.  Arthur cuts his whistling, pulls an envelope free of the pile and tosses it to Xavier without ceremony.
"Your new assignment.  It's important but simple." Arthur's British accent might have actually grown thicker.
"Anything I should know?"
"I don't know.  Have fun?  Go get 'em, tiger?" He clasps his hands behind his head, the image of relaxation. "Just get to it.  And do me a favor, burn it when you're done reading.  Precaution and all.  And don't read it here.  Go somewhere discrete." He begins waving his arms in a dismissive manner.  He looks beyond the novian at the door, seeing no one coming. "Lover boy."
Xavier leaves and wonders if he ever would've gotten along with Arthur and decides probably not.
Two
Just as Arthur asked, Xavier reads his new assignment in a bathroom stall at a Sesame's.  And for added flare, Xavier flushes the burnt ashes.
He goes back to his apartment and grabs supplies, clothes mostly since he doesn't keep anything else.  From here he'll head to the train station, and he makes sure to grab his nice getup.
His new assignment is not dangerous but likely just as stressful.  He is to head south to the port town of Ares, which is at the southern tip of the northernmost continent, Atticus.  From there he will sail to Sensen on the southeast continent of Barimede.  Then he will have to walk from there to Achron, which is a southern ally city of The Order's.  There he is to be the army's representative along with a few others not mentioned by name in the orders.  He'll delegate, he'll be an ambassador, and he will hopefully help attain the aid of their southern allies against the governors.
Xavier approaches the station, and with his yearlong pass, boards a train headed south.

Three
Toting his supplies in a knapsack, Xavier got off his train in Ares that same day.  Down here by the coast the air is warm and balmy with an edge of salt to it.  The streets are paved with sandstone and packed with merchants.  He can smell exotic spice shops before even leaving the dock, and in the distance is a cacophony of vendors shouting to drag in customers.  There are tourists and travelers occupying every square inch of walking space, and he jostles into a few.
The train station is on the north side of the town, and his ship is waiting at the south end, where land meets sea.  Xavier knows how to swim, but he has never been on a boat before, and the idea of sailing sounds adventurous, if not a bit unsettling.  He supposes he has from this side to the other to accept having sea legs, whether he cares to or not.
As the novian pushes through the swamping crowds and is assaulted by the smell of fish, he understands the sailing might be a relief from this hectic place.  The waves lighten a bit as he approaches the docking area, and the street vendors and open market give way to brick and mortar shops.  More spice shops and specialty businesses seem to crop up, perhaps to help mask the odor of the fishermen.  There is a group of children standing at the threshold of a candle shop with what appears to be a chaperone.  They are all listening to a gaudily dressed woman explain the process of candle making and oil extraction.  Among the children is a bald orc boy, and while Xavier knows baldness is rampant among their people, he has to look away.
Farther along he comes to a fountain with benches nearby.  Knowing that's he's made good time, Xavier elects to sit for a few moments and take in the scenery.  After this part of town, there is a drop off and he wants to absorb the view.  Over the houses is a long stretch of beach that ends in a high cliff being pummeled with ocean foam.  The outcropping cliff reaches beyond the boundary of land and hangs high over the water's surface like a rocky diving board.  Xavier wonders how many people have leapt from that precipice, and the morbid thought makes him look in the other direction.  To the other side of town is a continuation of the beach.  It runs the length of the horizon and is dotted by white rocks and white birds, things oblivious to this world's troubles.  
He envies them both.
Four
The sight of empty boarding docks displeases him.  He walks down a landing and examines a passenger ship titled Amarita.  A man wearing what appeared to be burlap was toying with a length of rope hanging over the starboard side, knotting and unknotting and lashing it out as a whip.
"Ey, down 'ere!" The man shouted as if Xavier hadn't already been looking at him. "Ship don't sail till sunset.  Ye can git yer ticket then.  Samson will be back 'round four or so.  He'll get yer papers and payment!" The man hacked up some phlegm and instead of spitting it over the deck, he aimed it back at the floorboards.
"All right!" The novian replied and began walking away.  He was not interested in having a whole exchange out of shouting.  He'd probably need his voice to delegate after all.
He decided to try an old habit of his.  Xavier wanders out of the town and pulls his phone from his pocket.  It's a quarter till three.
Ares looks like a stationary village from the top of the outcropping, and the ocean seems to be a great warbling greenish blue carpet.  He sits down at the edge, letting his feet dangle over the lethal fall, and inhales the salty breeze.  Somewhere beyond the immeasurable waters is the continent of Barimede.  The ocean looks so flat, and he's up so high, and it makes him consider how far away his destination must be.  He had never traveled so far on Earth.
The air is calm all around him, and if not for the whoosh of spray below him, he would think he might be the only living thing on this side of the water.  He is waiting for the tickets, he is waiting for Salina to return the affection, and he is waiting for life to begin again.  All of this is just an elaborate setup, a lengthy and overdrawn prologue.  How he wishes she were here to sit by his side, while they watch the ocean tide.  He has been holding back for so long.  So he sits here on the precipice overlooking the glassy sea, which cares not for what troubles him, alone with his thoughts.
He reaches into his past, slipping his mind through the scar of memories he has created.  With a sigh, his heart relents and allows him into the worst times.  He marvels solemnly at how the mind works, that he could repress such sweet memories because they came up bitter.  What a great waste, he thinks.  He had hidden for two years, and what kind of statement was that?  If he had truly cared for her and for them, he would've made a conscious effort.  The past.  What a deep grave he has dug for himself.
The ground under him groans and shifts, but he does not throw up his arms and race his heart.  He doesn't squeal or jump.  Instead he only waits for it to go, for God to tell him this quest needs to end.
Then it happens, as predictable as the rising sun.  The dirt and rock he has perched on loosens and begins its plummet, and he is in freefall with it.  Face forward, Xavier watches the fast approaching white foam and the jagged rocks it washes up against.  It all seems to be happening inch by inch.  Every foot contains enough time for him to relives a year of his life, and that isn't many.  He is still well above the port town when all his life has rolled before him.  But unlike the nightmares after his heart's failure, he sees pleasant things.  Salty air in his false white hair, he watches a stream of times he'd spent with his friends, people who would care if he became paste over the waves.  He sees Folas, running from the Sentinel in his bare feet and standing on his.  The boy seemed to think of him as a big brother, and he too would care if Xavier died here.  Then his mind settles on Salina again, as it so often did.  She seemed to have cared when Cecil died, but he wonders what it would mean to her if this Xavier form he took on was found washed up by the southern shore.  Of course, he knows once he died, the magic shaping him to this form would fade, and they would find the gory remains of Cecil Fauden, resurrected only to die again.
He thinks of the promises he's made.  He cares too much about The Order and about Mara and Gabe as well to turn in now.  Even if, he supposes, he comes to the end of all this work and finds no one there to welcome him into their arms and thank him, he wants to fulfill what he started.  With no more than a few dozen feet to the rocks, he begins slowing.  Dirt passes him and powderizes against the hungry stone.  His clothes press into his chest the way a seatbelt might, and he is caught in a softness of his own making.  He is now falling into a giant padding, the kind that you might fall all the way to the ground through, but by the time you hit earth you'd be moving too slowly to break an egg.  One might even want to jump into it again, just for fun.
He is levitating over rocks that were denied their sacrifice.  He rights himself so that his cheeks aren't feeling the resonating cold of the water below.  This is the first time he exercised his ability to make himself ignore gravity.  That was the way of things for him.  Whatever he wanted, he needed only to set his mind to it, and he could.  What a freeing concept that was to him.  It was an ideal he could remember only being meaningful as a child.  When he grew older, it seemed that the reality was that the word "can't" actually held power.  But here he was, hovering over what would have been his sudden death.
He floats back to the shore.

Five
He waits for the gravitas of what happened to sink in, for him to take a sigh of relief.  But it doesn't come, and he doesn't bother to dwell on the fact.  Back in the town the people have begun to push over the south side, readying to do all the foreign business the world can't live without.
Samson was a blue skinned ogre who sat behind what looked like a lemonade stand to sell tickets.  The ogre was nearly the size of his trade stand, the kind of muscular that looked like a sack full of watermelons.  He traded for all the ships collectively.  A ticket to Sensen there, or one up the coast to Andus, whatever floated the customer's boat.  And he assured them that that was water.
Xavier paid for his faire and was pointed the way to his ship.  It wasn't the Amarita that he'd already seen, but one called, rather lovingly, Whorl Hag.  He caught a few breaks in the crowd of people on his way to the vessel, but he was mostly being bumped into and shoved as they bottlenecked down the boarding channels.  To him it sounded as if everyone by the pier was talking to everyone else, and struggling to get anything across at that.
There were old galleons tied up around the pier, things he'd have thought would be long retired.  Great ships of wood and iron and cloth sails.  But the Whorl Hag was no such craft.  A sleek, streamlined construct of smooth metals and gas power was this ship.  Stick it on an Earthen dock, and you could sell it as normal, Xavier thought.

Chapter Twenty-Four

One
He has his own room in the galley of the ship, though it is little more than a cubbyhole.  At times like this, he's glad he is so small.  There are no windows, but the lighting is soft, not florescent, and doesn't give off an artificial and sickening buzz.  There is a cot bolted to the floor.  At the end of which is a flat, lap sized table jutting from the wall.  He lays his things out on it that he'll want for the trip, or he would, but he realizes that he forgot to bring any of his new books.  He puts his knapsack on the table.  It might make a fine pillow.
He lies down on the cot, his head resting comfortably on his pack, and stares at the steel gray ceiling.  He knows there is someone above him, lying on their own cot, and very possibly someone below him.  For an instant he feels sardined, and a tinge of claustrophobia creeps at him from the walls.  The intercom sounds in the hall outside, and a man begins talking.
"This is your captain speaking." He begins, "We've got fair waters all the way from Sensen to here.  Should be a smooth trip.  Ask an attendant if you need assistance, and enjoy your voyage on the Whorl."
Another voice came through the speakers, but this one was a woman's.  One who sounded like she could say this in her sleep with her tongue cut out. "For your safety, please remain in your cabin until we get out to sea.  In case of emergency, each room is equipped with two life vests.  Please take one if you hear a siren and see the red alarm light.  Directions on the safest course of exit are posted in each room and arrows are in each hall.  In case of sickness, please use the bags found in your cabin under the cot." She buzzed out.
He took a moment to look at the safety instructions before deciding he probably wouldn't need them.  He took a greater interest in the sickness bags, which were made of plastic and smelled like pine needles.  He supposed that might alleviate symptoms, but he wondered why it didn't go full circle to mint.  He put the bags back under the cot, and his mind caught on the idea of having to stay in the cabin.  It was one thing to be in this small space and quite another to be in here by order.  Claustrophobia again, which was followed by sleepiness.  The ship rocked gently, and he took a nap.
Two
When he wakes, the Whorl Hag is at sea, bathing in what remains of the daytime sunlight which is skipping red across the lapping waters.  He turns his phone off and takes note of the time.  There was a schedule of meals posted below the safety instructions, and dinner should be served soon, if he could only find the mess hall.
His stomach lurches as he walks down the corridor, and he wonders why that organ never learned any patience.  He walks up the hall toward the bow.  There is a T in the walkway, both ways leading to more micro rooms and branching out to all parts of the boat.  At this juncture is a paper sign nailed to the wall and covered in a glass frame.  A map is on the paper with a "you are here" red arrow pointing at this hallway on a 3D sketch.  There is a legend on the side, explaining the symbols which mean everything from engine room to captain's quarters.  The mess hall is in the floor above him and near the bow.  There is a stairwell to his right, going up to the deck and down to the final passenger lodging areas.
The top floor hallways were roomier than the ones below, and this made the air seem lighter as if the halls below had been compressing the gases.  He passed a maintenance worker, who was opening a cleaning closet and rummaging for the mop bucket.  Xavier wanted to give the man a friendly nod, a sign of comradery, but the man never turned his back.  The paint in the halls was a dull swamp green, which he imagined was easy to make look clean.  Rooms were numbered like an apartment complex.  Here on the first floor, everything was A-number.  His floor had been B, odd numbers were portside and evens on the starboard.  It was easy to find what you were looking for.
The mess hall was not labeled with a letter and a number, but had the privilege of using its name as its identifier.  It had two steel swinging doors with narrow windows by the tops.  On the left was a black framed plaque with golden letters.  It read "Dining." The right door had the same, but its plaque said "Room." Alone, Xavier thought making a plaque for that word was a bit excessive.  A red and white sticker on the nearby wall warned to not stand in front of the swingers for too long, lest you be toppled and succumb to "serious injury." Seeping under the doors and between them was chatter and the smell of food.
Three
Xavier walks in and takes in the large room.  The walls are far away, and the ceiling high, but both boast that unappealing green paint.  Off to the left is door leading to the kitchen.  On that same side but farther up is a line of sneeze-guards and heating lamps.  In the center of the ceiling is a glass sunroof, which is letting in the abysmal aura of dusk.  Up the middle of the floor are eating tables and passengers scattered about.  Most are talking to another, and the room is somewhat crowded.  Even so, Xavier thinks the people here are a paltry sum of the ones he saw boarding with him.  At the end of the room is an emergency exit.  There is also an exit to the right, which leads to the deck.  There are circular white tables with green cloths as covers and cream colored chairs surrounding.  Every table has five chairs, except for two.  There is an empty table of four chairs next to a full table of six dwarves, all of which are shouting.
The dwarves stand up and walk toward the wall of sneeze-guards.  A line forms behind them, while cooks begin setting plates of food under the warmers from behind.  Xavier notices now that each door is accompanied by two sizeable trashcans, all of which he is sure will be filled by the end of the night.  He gets into line behind a plump aemon woman, whose exposed tail is tattooed with butterflies.  More people join the line, which has now wound around a few sets of tables in a haphazard fashion.
It moves along smoothly, and when Xavier gets to the food, he sees why.  All the plates are identical.  Some fish, a piece of chicken, and an orange slice.  At the end of the food procession is an open ice cooler with the options of water, milk, and orange juice to select from.  Xavier takes a juice and his plate and starts walking along the edge of the room.  He knows he'll have to share a table with strangers, but he wants to be the first at a table, so that he can be the one welcoming newcomers instead of being the one to barge in.  In the end though, he knows the results will be that same.
He finds a vacant table near the wall by the deck exit.  He sets his food and drink down and thinks the portion is appropriate for him, were he really eating for a novian.  They're rationing.  Definitely no luxury cruise.  But he knows that he wouldn't recognize a luxury cruise even if he was eating at the captain's table on silver platters.  He sits down and pops his back on the rest of his chair.  There is plastic silverware wrapped in napkins on the cloth.  He takes out a fork and knife and begins eating.
Three people come to eat at his table.  Two are a married elven couple.  The third is an orc man who decided to sit down without the consent of anyone else at the table.  The woman, pouting over some loss, gives half her food to her husband, a man that appears to have finished her meals many times before.  Xavier tries not to look at the man.  Obesity was always unsightly, but he thinks it is particularly grotesque among the elves and aemon.  The orc eats with his elbows out, ready to jab anyone who comes too close to his food.  Xavier decides to use his third eye to inspect these nutcases.
Four
The elves are Mr. and Mrs. Oswitzen, coming back from a trip north to attend Fillia's (that's Mrs. Candus Oswitzen's sister) wedding.  They both agree she could've done better, but that "it's a start." Mr. Octavius Oswitzen is a lawyer at a firm in Achron, and the idea that he might run into these two again, even in passing, makes Xavier sigh on the inside.  Octavius believes that his wife's family is mostly rubbish and that she is lucky to have him.  Oddly enough, Candus believes the same thing about her husband.  She also believes that whoever bumped into her on the boarding plane and made her drop the candles deserves no less than to be whipped and crucified.
The orc is named Thor Allens.  He is a photographer specializing in events, such as the wedding the elves just came from.  His business cards show a picture of him snapping the perfect shot of a bride and groom at the base of a snowy mountain with pink petals swirling in the breeze.  The picture was heavily edited.  The original, Xavier knows, had no mountain and no petals.  Thor has an unhealthy obsession with photographing children.  He wonders continually how he could get away with a few more shots, how to make a nice little collection without getting jailed.  He thinks he'll figure it out someday, but he won't risk it until he does.  In fact, he tries to avoid direct contact with children, makes a great cover.
After being thoroughly disgusted by his eating partners, Xavier steps out of the extra presence of his special vision.  He ponders if he can toss these three overboard.  He's certain he can get away with it, if he throws his magical weight around a bit.  But there would be too many loose ends, too many people who would be held responsible.
Five
He goes out to the deck and breathes in the ocean air.  It isn't as rank as it had been at port, and for that he is thankful.  The crew is tending to navigation, and a few other passengers are about to stretch their legs.
He leans over the railing, if only just, and looks behind the ship.  There is no sign of land that he can discern, which he knows means little.  Still though, from here the whole world might be nothing but saltwater and sea creatures.  This could be the only vessel, the very throne of sentient life over simple waves and animals.  For a moment, he wishes that it was, that the world could really be so simple.
An aemon man that looks a good deal like his acquaintance Felix (that is the iconic devil) leaves the company of a group huddled in the center of the deck and stands next to Xavier.  Xavier knows small talk is coming, knows it as sure as he knows they will find land again, but still he can wish it won't be so.  He has never understood the casual stranger that delights in engaging others.  Why would you, when you were already amongst friends?  He readies to answer what will surely come.  Such trivial things as "Is this your first time to Barimede?  Business or pleasure?  Have you ever sailed before?" And he wonders what kind of aches he'll have if this man wants to engage in politics.
The first question comes as predictably as can be. "Have you ever been to Barimede?" The man asks almost to the ocean, and if it doesn't sound flirtatious, then perhaps purely derelict.
Xavier hopes he is not being hit on.  He more or less had the idea that people could gauge orientation, and he didn't think anything about himself would make the aemon get the wrong idea.  But jumping to conclusions wouldn't solve anything, and it was just as likely that the man was smooth talking a sales pitch, maybe trying to stick Xavier in a pyramid scheme or some beach front timeshare.  He forgets that a question was asked of him.
"Have you ever been?" The man repeats, not to the ocean but to the novian.
There was a part of him that wished ignoring the man would cause him to leave.  Xavier bit the bullet. "Nope."
"Beautiful place." The aemon continues, "Rolling green fields on one side of the continent, and snowcapped mountains on the other.  And everything else in between.  The variety is spectacular."
"I'll find out soon enough." He regretted saying that.  Xavier knew it was fodder for the man to feed on.  Gabby types could run on with even the smallest amount of push.
"I'm sure you won't be disappointed.  So tell me, are you traveling with anyone else?  The view is best taken in pairs, if you ask me." He imperceptibly inched closer to the novian.
"I'm meeting people." He lamented believing it would be inappropriate to ask the aemon to get lost.  Something about that seemed rude.
The aemon's upper lip lifted in a bizarre top row smile. "My name is Ansel.  I own a fabric chain in Barimede called Silk Tapestry.  I've been trying to open up shops in other regions, but it's proving difficult." He reached into a pocket and withdrew a card.  He held it in front of Xavier, which is to say he held it over the side of the deck. "I should show you to my store.  There's one not far from port, and you look like the kind that dresses finely but also enjoys comfort."
"I'm Xavier Fau- Pontius.  Almost said my middle name." He took the card. "I'm a hired gun, mostly bodyguard.  Got important business to get to after we land."
The man stepped back. "Oh, I see." But he persisted. "A dangerous type, eh?  I like that.  Have you ever, you know . . . ?"
"I've killed.  Is that what you're asking?" People are the same here.  It's like he's asking a cop if he ever had to shoot someone.
The aemon turned and leaned his back against the railing.  He kept on wearing that odd grin.  It was clear that he didn't think Xavier was really a paid killer. "If that's your job, I guess no one can blame you.  Or shouldn't at least.  You're just a weapon, right?  You're not the one pulling the trigger."
The elves, Xavier decided, were free of punishment.  But he thought now, having been pushed by this pompous entrepreneur, that Mr. Thor Allens will not be given so much mercy.  Ansel was wrong about one thing; Xavier was the gun and the executor both.  He didn't answer the elf this time, and to his amazement, Ansel returned to the group he came from.

Chapter Twenty-Five

One
Sitting on the cot in his room, the man in a novian's body thinks back to one particular incident at St. Braun.  It had been a few weeks after he started his janitorial duties, long enough to get the hang of things but not long enough to be grandfathered in.  A canid man had come in with his wife in his arms.  Her face was battered, her lips torn, both eyes blackened, and her tail appeared to be bent unnaturally.  He told Erica that his wife had fallen down the stairs, and the dwarf had eaten that up like it was vanilla pudding, but Xavier read through it.  The man was right about her falling down the steps, but he had pushed her.  Had pushed her because she was going to visit her sister without his permission, and he had to teach her a lesson.  She would know better next time, the man surely thought.  It had infuriated Xavier to watch her get treated only to be sent back home with him.  She'd been too afraid to deny what her husband said and blamed her own clumsiness.  At the time Xavier didn't have the power to do anything about it, but if he could go back now, he would teach the husband what it was like to be abused.
The door to his room is locked, and he double checks to be certain.  He isn't going to be very much aware of his surroundings tonight, because he and Thor are going to play a little game.  It will be more merciful than leaving him to swim the ocean, but not by much.

Two
Thor Allens is in the floor below Xavier and closer to the stern.  The orc is lying on his own cot, daydreaming.  Xavier decides this will be a wonderful thing to interrupt, so he enters the orc's mind.
In this particular fantasy, there is a smooth skinned elven boy playing and giggling with the orc in a field some billion or so miles from watching eyes.  Xavier thinks for a brief moment that the elf's size is humorous.  Even though he's a child, he might be able to overpower the man, who is also giggling and grinning.  Everything about the field is sterile, no loose dirt under the grass, no bugs, no temperature.  It is a perfectly comfortable environment.
Thor grabs hold of the child and pulls him in for a lengthy hug.  This is when Xavier chooses to step in and replace the boy.  He doesn't keep up the mantra of "Xavier" though, and goes straight to his full form.  He does this partly because Thor will never be able to connect the dots, but mostly it's because he wants to tower over the orc, to ensure the orc knows he is powerless.  
This is Cecil's dream now.
Thor at first is jubilant that the elf is suddenly bigger, but when he looks up, he unlatches his arms and stumbles backwards.  Thor tries to open his eyes, after all, it isn't a real dream.  He's still awake.  But he cannot.  In fact, his whole body is paralyzed.  The orc begins moaning in fear, not of the man, not yet, but of his sudden loss of control.
Cecil stares blankly at the mess of a man, as he begins tearing this false world apart.  There is a strange delight for Cecil, knowing that Thor is so unquestionably powerless to resist what is being done, just understanding that the orc will have no hope of weaseling out of what is to come.
Three
Cecil veils the world in absolute black, and Thor backpedals on the liquid dark, gasping now in dread.  Then Cecil brings things into light, monsters he had seen at the mine and at the Dark Forest.  Thor is dropped into a forest of Cecil's creation, and the creatures begin to chase him.  Thor struggles to wake his body, but he can't.  So he runs, crying and hysterical into the darkness, while abominations follow suit.  Cecil plants into the orc's mind senses of despair and fright, and so powerful are these that the orc loses control of his real body's bladder.  When the orc finally becomes cornered, and his terror has risen so high that he borders fainting, Cecil extracts him from the woods.
Cecil is sitting across from Thor in a neat little white room with no doors.  Between them is a sky blue table with loose nails lying about.  The orc tries to speak, but Cecil has stripped him of the privilege.  Then Thor's hands raise up against his will and reach across the table to the nails.  He clasps them tightly and looks puzzled.
The puzzlement changes to anguish, as the nails begin to heat up and burn through his skin.  Taking on a life of their own, the pieces of superheated iron pierce the orc's skin and begin wriggling up through the veins in his arms, scorching and shredding tissue as they go.  Thor's eyes bulge, his teeth clamp down, and his body strains against the need to scream.  Cecil denies him such a luxury.
In the next place, Thor is forced to wade through a river of spiders.  In the one after that, he is slowly skinned by a pack of jackals.  Still, in the next he is plunged into an endless fall.  And it goes on like that all night, until the man which was once called Thor Allens is nothing more than a broken lump of flesh and bone.  
It isn't until after Thor's consciousness recedes into hiding that Cecil ceases the terror and pulls the man's being back into the forefront.  He sits down at the same table where the nails had been, and Thor is made to sit across from him.  The shattered being of the orc can no longer moan or struggle, but is instead a ragdoll to listen.
"Hello, Thor." The large man says.
Thor cannot reply.  He cannot moan, nor nod, not even sigh.  But he does blink to show he can still understand, that his core essence has not completely vanished.
"I won't tell you why I'm here.  I made it very clear without words why I'm here."
Thor thinks of a playground.
"That's right.  Glad I didn't destroy you outright.  I could've.  Good news for you, the torture is over.  You're free to go."
Thor would smile, but whatever joy life had has been sapped by this long evening.
"But . . . there is one stipulation." Cecil leans forward, and the table creaks at his behest. "I will come back and do this all over again, if you ever come a mile," He rethinks that, "a few trots to a child.  You will go and burn the pictures.  Do this, and we'll never have to have another session.  Understand?"
Thor's thoughts are disheveled, but he manages to blink.
"Fantastic." Cecil plants a trigger in the orc's mind, one that would bring him through all the horrors of the evening, if he did disobey the restraining order he was given.  Cecil releases the orc and sees him bolt upright and stare at his soiled pants before sobbing quietly.  It seems that adults didn't handle nightmares any better than children.
Cecil returned to his miniscule body and went to sleep.
Four
He woke the next morning with the Hag rocking back and forth, groaning in its underbelly.  He wondered how much closer they must be to land, and they might have arrived if they'd flown.  He sat up in his cot, thoughts of the orc floating away from the top of his mind, sick afterthoughts.  What he'd done was, though perhaps justified, a bit much.  He didn't want to think on it anymore.
He went out to the deck.  This time it was to search for land.  The sea was making him anxious.  It wasn't the small room, and he knew how to swim.  But the fact there was such vast nothingness all about him made him restless.  He wanted to be able to run with his own two legs.  He stomached his anxiety, knowing he ought to enjoy the ocean while he could.
Five
A week later he was standing on the same part of the deck, when land came into view.  The intercom clicked, and the captain told all the passengers to return to their cabins.  Cecil lingered a few moments longer, and he put a gentle aura of unimportance around him to keep the crew from prodding him along.  They'd want to have everyone sardined and orderly for docking, but he wanted a few more minutes of fresh air, a few more minutes of peace.  He knew port would be the beginning of a very long day, or weeks, or life.
He was swept along with the streaming mass like a river of living bodies pouring from the Whorl Hag.  Thor and the Oswitzens were not among the people in his immediate proximity, but he knew they were behind in the steel gut, waiting for their turn to join the flow.
When the crowd subsided, and everyone was set on their own way, it was like a fog had lifted from the pier.  Xavier could see Sensen now, and it wasn't disappointing.  Everything was proper, organized, and modern.  It gave to him a sense of the present.  In a place like this, he thought, citizens might be able to take plane rides.  Might be able to drive their own cars and bicker on social media about the price of oil.  It seemed untouched by the policies of the North, but he wasn't certain if that was good or bad.  It was different.
He took a map from a welcoming station on the other side of the ticket stands.  It folded out into a detailed depiction of town with a small rectangle in the bottom right corner showing a far less detailed layout of the northern region.  Achron was on the rectangle as a white dot surrounded by leaf green southeast.  There were a few other cities, but he imagined there were plenty of small towns scattered about, too.  Xavier folded the map and stuck it in his back pocket.
Though he felt a great deal of cooped up restlessness, Xavier was a tad reluctant to leave Sensen.  At the border, where streets broke apart into outroads, he stopped to look back at the electric lights, the modern homes, and all the aesthetics.  If it weren't for the lack of cars parked beside the sidewalks and an abundance of fairytale denizens, he would think he might have sailed right back to Earth.
Six
The green on the map turned out to be a pine forest that covered most of the northern portion of Barimede like a wooded hairline.  Xavier was perhaps two or three miles into the thick of the woods, checking the fine tan lines on his map for when he'd have to change roads.  The traveling itself was smooth, and the roads were fine, even though it didn't seem they'd been traveled all that often.
Shortly after turning off onto another path that should take him straight to Achron, dusk overtakes the forest.  It is pure luminescence compared to the Dark Forest, but that isn't saying much.  The heavily needled branches swallow up most of the natural light, and he decides to stop and rest for the night.  He supposes he could keep up the trot all night, as it wouldn't be much for him to conjure his own light.  But stopping to sleep when night came was natural, on Earth and Destursha.  An excuse to imagine he is traveling the roads of Earth is more than enough to make up his mind.
He walks into the shroud no farther than he could throw a stone, into a place that might never have felt a person's footsteps.  He takes the pack from his back, suddenly aware of the strain it was causing.  He clears a patch of ground of fallen needles and makes a little stone circle.  It is now on the edge, where dusk becomes outright night.  He lights a fire and raises it to a warm and bright yellow.  Then he sits and rests his back against a tree, ready to enjoy the steady flame before dozing off.
He thinks again of how solitary this place is, of how befitting him it is.  He has cast himself out of The Order, but he never belonged to this world.  He ponders how alien he is, how truly foreign he is to all parties.  Perhaps, he thinks, this is precisely where he belongs.  Out in the Lands of Nowhere, a place he can be separate from that in which he doesn't belong.  A place where he can learn his magic, maybe grow old and eccentric.  Get a beard and wear a pointy purple hat, and perhaps make a staff for no real reason that he could use as a conduit.
And the sense of loneliness seeps in.  He marvels at how intrusive loneliness is.  Every other emotion needs to be provoked in order to well up to the surface.  But loneliness needs only absence, and it agitates itself.  It is one of the times he wishes Salina were here.  To sit by the campfire with him once more and send him her own warmth of presence.  He is aware that at the end of all this hard work, he may come up with nothing.  He can't force her to grow fond of him, and he wouldn't want to.  He wants things to be as natural as they can be at this point.  Anything else would be hollow.
Seven
He hears footsteps beyond the light of his fire and tries to use his special sight to know what it is.  He can't detect a thing, as if it had just been imagination and boredom mixing in the worst way.  He presses up against the tree and waits for a possum or a raccoon to come bobbing out in search of scraps.
Instead he sees a wolf woman walking out of the darkness.  Her fur gleams like polished steel, and he knows exactly who it is.  He leans forward, a smile seeding, "Salina?" All the feelings of rejection flee.  As if she had come just to console his troubled mind, there she was.
Her lips parted, and her teeth showed.  She snarled at him and began growling.  Xavier turned and looked behind him, thinking she must be seeing something sneak up on him.  But when he looked back at her, Salina was lunging for him.  Out of reflex, a wall of ice saved him from her attack.  But she quickly shattered it and struck him.  He went reeling to the ground, confused and hurt on levels not entirely physical.  Standing back up, he thought his very soul might have been bruised.
He can't fight her, he knows.  Not that he couldn't restrain her with some well-done spells, but he knows he simply can't.  He can no more resist her than he could put in a contact lens with his little toes.  So he begins running and setting up barricades to slow her down.  His mind is in such a whirl that his barriers suffer, and she keeps pace easily.
He manages to run through the trees, displacing the molecules like one does with the air.  He sinks himself fully into the ground and changes directions.  Even she would have a hard time keeping up through solid earth.  Xavier goes on like this for some time before deciding to resurface.
When he comes back up, he glances about and sees no one.  He's relieved, but only until she falls from a tree onto him.  She pins him down on his back.  Her breath is warm, as she continues to growl.  Her knees are squeezing his legs together with enough force that he thinks bones are about to snap.  Her face inches closer to his, and her jaws open.  He thinks that if he had to go, this is probably the most appropriate way and that she ought to be the one doing it.  Then she tears out his throat.

Chapter Twenty-Six

One
He wakes with a start, his legs spazzing frantically and his arms quivering.  He reaches for his neck, even though he knows it's fine.  He sighs and looks at the steady fire.  It had no concern for his nightmare.
Xavier looks across from it, and his head flies back into the tree.  Sitting across from him as a werewolf is Salina.
"You had a bad dream?" She asks, and her voice is concern.
At first he cannot answer.  This is real. "Yeah," He says, "you'd think I could grow out of those." He wants to say more, but he's stunned.
She walks through the fire, not around it, and sits next to him.  The sword she inherited from him is leaning against the tree she'd come from.  Salina stretches her legs out next to his, and hers are longer.  She takes one of his hands and opens the palm, while he is again powerless to resist.  With one quick stroke of a claw, she draws his blood to give him lycanthropy.  Then she closes it and pulls his hand over to her abdomen, and he can feel the warmth of her core.
Xavier begins turning back into a human. "This is the secret.  I'm-"
"I know, Cecil." She leans over and pecks his neck with a kiss, the very same neck she had gorged upon in a dream, the one she still could.  She squeezes his hand. "You didn't have to hide yourself, you know.  I've been wanting to return the kindness."
The next thing he knows, Salina is on top of him.  She's still coated in fur, but this does not bother him.  She is leading him, while he tries not to faint from all the stimulation.  He pulls her in, and she stops her domination for a moment to allow it.  All while running his fingers through the silk at the nape of her neck.
She begins removing his pants hungrily, and his face begins to burn.
Two
Xavier awakes on his side, his pants feeling much too tight.  He sits up, looks around, and Salina is not to be seen.  
The loneliness climaxes.
He stands and tries to wail, but all he can do is sob.  He isn't sure why he is so broken up over a dream, but just so Xavier wishes he could go back to sleep and never wake again.  He stands there, possibly the only example of mankind in this great emptiness, and cries freely.  He does so because he can and because it helps.  Xavier Pontius, soldier for hire, once martyr by the name of Cecil, once immortal, slayer of giants and highwaymen, wept.
When he's done, and his eyes feel sore and heavy, he walks over to the pine Salina had been sitting against in the pleasant dream.  He decides it's time to make a memento, in case this journey proves to be too much, or if something happens to him.  He pulls a chunk of heartwood from the tree and walks back to his spot.  He looks it over and thinks it won't do.  So he takes a stone from beside him and holds it up to the light of the fire instead.
The stone is light gray, as if the sun had been bleaching it for centuries.  He begins molding it like one would clay and makes it into a disk.  It's too large, so he trims the edges until it fits nicely in his palm.  He takes a few moments to think of something to inscribe on it.  A memory only Salina and he would share.
He presses the stone into his palm and thinks of the night he had come to see her after his first transformation.  When he looks at the face side, there is a perfect carving of two werewolves in a field.  The first werewolf is sitting against a tree with a book and the second is standing in front with a puzzled look.
He flips the stone around and presses the opposite side into his hand.  He remembers, and when he looks at the back side he sees it carved in as precisely as if done by machine.  It's the last thing he told his friends before he died.
He slides the stone into his back pocket, where the map is.  He isn't quite sure what good it will do, but it comforts him to know it might be out of his hands.  These missions are dangerous, and he supposes it wouldn't be farfetched to have Salina come and assassinate him.  He was suspicious, after all.  But if that did happen, or if he found the end of the road on one of these excursions, that stone would reveal the truth.  He's almost positive that his magic would wear off if he died, and Salina would see who she killed.  But suppose it didn't, he wanted her to know.
The fire crackled as a real one would, and Xavier fell asleep.
Three
He doesn't wake up to threats or teasing arousal but to weak beams of sunlight and rustling underbrush.  A rabbit hops up to the edge of his campfire, sees the novian stirring, and bolts into the forest, zigzagging on its springy legs.  I don't care how steady that tortoise was.  There's no way he could beat one of those.  He stretches and yawns, noticing his throat is dry.  Must've slept with his mouth open, drooling most likely.
He stands up and pops his false back into place.  The fire chokes out at his thoughts, but he leaves the ring of stones.  He walks past Salina's tree, which he thinks he has executed, and finds another to relieve himself on.  Somewhere in the back of his mind he thinks of watering a lemon tree and zips back up.
He grabs his things and heads back to the road.  Xavier is mildly aware that his stomach is beginning to plead for food, but thoughts of the day ahead overshadow this.  Achron is maybe another four or five hours away, he guesses based on how long it took him to change paths after leaving port.  He isn't sure where exactly he is to go when he gets there, but they always seem to have someone waiting for him.  Why would this time be any different?
Four
It was cool in the forest, and he supposed it must be winter here as well.  He wasn't south of the equator then, which made him wonder what the lands down there might be like.  As for here in what might be Yosemite, things were temperate.  If he weren't moving about and couldn't supplement heat with magic, he might be more comfortable in a light jacket.  That might be too much, perhaps just an added vest.
While the road was clearly visible, it did have a sheet of browned pine needles and the husks of old pine cones littered about in abundance.  His footfalls made a crunch, and it was that sensory input that made him sure of his travels.  What with the trees being so similar, and the road so endlessly uniform, it was all he could do to wonder if he'd made any progress.
As he went, the air became further chilled.  Moving ever farther from the coast and in heavy shade attributed to this, but it was still pleasant.  A crisp chill to complement the snapping underfoot.  It made Xavier think he was walking on a path of ice chips, in some winter where the air was still enough not to burn.  The stone in his back pocket felt like a cold plate, and a noticeable pocket of warm air was trapped between his back and his pack.  The whole atmosphere was energizing, like a splash of water.  As if the air was oozing adrenaline, he thought he could sprint the rest of the way without being winded.  These sensations circulated around him, and he wanted them to stay.  It was a poor facsimile, but it was the closest he'd felt to being a werewolf since returning.
After the exhilaration of brisk air, he had a few crashing moments, times along the path when he wanted to stop and lay down.  He was careful to avoid resting and wondered if he wasn't succumbing to some kind of depression.  He didn't think it was all that natural to desire to curl up and be left alone until starvation came to motivate, not for a happy, strapping young lad such as himself.  The world was his oyster, and all that filthy nonsense people tell teens.  It was as if he had been Icarus, and his wings of wax had melted away.  Now he was plummeting back to where he belonged.
He kept moving.  At some point the road became clear and paved with obsidian.  It took him some time to realize his feet were coming down with thuds and not soft crunches, and he was impressed by the pristine layout under his feet.  The dark stone was polished and evenly laid, with gutters along the edges.  He was approaching Achron.
Five
At the city's edge, the blackened road opened up and was gilded by chrome lampposts.  They were unlit, but their reflectiveness was brilliant in the soft sunlight.  A ways into this display of civilization was a golden sign standing on legs of white marble.  It read WELCOME TO ACHRON.  And under that was an addendum MAGIC IS FREE.  As if to make a welcoming effort, the forest began to recede from the road and open into a great field.
Xavier stood at the end of the woods for a long while, such was a privilege to those who made good time.  Before him was a juncture of roads, all paved with that same ebony stone and adorned with those ostentatious lights.  In the center was a city walled by concrete.  It spoke to Xavier of a bastion.  It seemed to say, "To all wanderers, come.  Come to the seat of mankind, for this is where man goes to rest his head." Buildings of ornate design surpassed the walls and looked more like beacons than anything else, as if each might be a lighthouse to guide nighttime sailors safely to shore.  Of the seven roads and two railways leading into the great fortress city, only Xavier's was barren.  The rest teemed with life, and merchants were set up in open markets about the entrances.
As he approached his destination, Xavier noticed hairline cracks running along the walls.  That wasn't right though.  They were more like veins, and he could faintly see that they were coursing with light.  He wasn't sure if it was only for display, or if there were some kind of warding on the city.  He wondered what a ward like that would repel, and he tried to understand its purpose by sending out a tendril of his own power.  It came back unknowing, and that scared him more than any sign of strength could.

Chapter Twenty-Seven

One
There was a hum to the city, a heartbeat.  The ground crackled under his feet with its own secret pulses.  Everything felt living and drawn forward, as if nothing was just a detail.  He wondered if beyond those gates was not a city, but another world, a portal of sorts.  The idea did not sound unbelievable to him, not here.  A living city like this could take you anywhere.
He passed under the arch of the wall and into Achron.  On the inside was a light that complemented the day.  The dark pavements glowed with lines of golden illumination that seeped into the air like pixie dust.  The chrome street lamps were off, but their polish added to the resplendence.  The sidewalks were pure alabaster, and everything was free of litter.
The citizens walked about with purpose and hard smiles upon their faces.  It was as if everyone there was both a charmer and of grit.  There were cloaks and draping robes, hats with points and broad brims.  An air was about them all, and it took no effort for Xavier to see most were adept mages, an illegal display up north.  The energy from these people exhilarated him.
Two
As expected an alley came up on his left with a peculiar draft.  When he looked down the corridor between the arcane buildings, Xavier saw a tall figure, a man he thought, waiting expectantly.  Xavier stepped into the alley.  Unlike the cities of Atticus, he was being sure to keep his guard up.  Down here he wasn't so special.
The figure was indeed a man, and he was an elf.  Scrawny and pale, even for his kind, but he didn't seem the least bit weak.  Just shady.
"Xavier?" The man asked, and his voice seemed too deep to be real.  Xavier decided it might not be.
Xavier nodded.
The man looked around, felt around it seemed.  Then he pulled a small white slip from a pocket and handed it to the shorter man. "They want you to check in at the Whitestone.  There's a room reserved for you already.  In your name.  We are among friends here."
The paper was folded, but before unfolding it Xavier asked, "Is there anything else I should know?"
"Not that I'm aware of." The elf stiffened and saluted the novian. "Good luck, sir."
Xavier was taken aback by the gesture.  Had he been granted a title, or was this elf just assuming?
He opened the paper once the elf had left the alley.  There was no money this time, but he supposed they wouldn't use his subordinates to pay him, if he really had received a promotion.  He wondered exactly what the hierarchy of this army was.  It was hard to tell without uniforms and insignias.  On the paper was a simply scrawled note, one sentence long.
Go to room 151 after you check in.
Now the only question was where the Whitestone was at.  He wasn't about to run after the elf.  Friends or not, the army had its own business, and he wanted to keep it that way.  Well, it wasn't as if he was a stranger to wandering.  It felt like he'd been doing just that for a long time, maybe here and there being funneled in a certain direction.  And besides, this city intrigued him.
Three
He took up the local flare while exploring the streets, having his feet dangle over the obsidian and alabaster while the rest of him rode the air.  It was strange to be displaying his power so openly, and a bit embarrassing.  Almost as if he had been told it was fine to go out in his underpants, and that would be okay here.  He knew it wasn't like that in the least, but in some ways it was.  He had to fight his own inhibitions to allow the false flight, but it felt good to do it, to so freely use the skills he possessed.  If nothing else, he knew the practice would do him good.
He landed on his feet in front of Whitestone.  The hotel might have stood out more, if every other building weren't an icon of its own.  What set the Whitestone apart so slightly was just that; it was made entirely of white marble.  What little bit was not white was a gleaming silver, almost mirror like.  At night he was certain it stood out against the brilliant lights.
He pushed through the double doors and into a warm gray room.  It was a bit of a stretch, but the color reminded him of Salina's fur.  Such a dead color filled with vibrant life.  It smelled of cinnamon and deep autumn.  The clerk's desk was a Siberian tiger white with black year bands running along the wood.  For all its migraine pumping brightness, the theme of white seemed muted and comfortable.
The clerk recognized him as Mr. Pontius, welcomed him, and told him his room was ready.  She handed him the keycard (#163) and told him his room was on the fifth floor.  Then he was asked if he would be wanting help with his luggage, but he assured her his back could handle it a few more minutes.
He set his pack of clothes on the bed.  The rock was still in his back pocket, but he didn't think he'd be taking that out.  That was going to stay with him.  He looked at the note, and he knew the room was just down the hall.  He was hungry again, and his stomach wouldn't be accepting excuses any longer.  He hoped in the back of his mind, almost humorously, that whatever business was in room 151 was catered.
Four
He knocked on the door, while his gut rolled around in a little tantrum.  It was as if it wanted to prove it was louder and more important than whatever and whoever was behind that door.  Xavier supposed an ambassador from Earth could be behind the door with news telling him he could go home, and his stomach would still claim supremacy.
The door opened without question, and it gave Xavier a reinforcing nudge of understanding.  That they really were among friends.  The elf behind the door looked down and smiled, revealing that many years had been at work weathering his face.  Partheus waved Xavier in.
"You're early." The old mayor said. "But that's why we had someone wait for you.  I hear you're usually early, like you don't have any distractions."
Xavier shrugged and looked around at the room that was identical to his.  Light gray furnishing and egg white tapestry, a TV monitor with no cords attached, and shaggy white carpet.  There was a window at the far end of the room that looked out onto a street filled with exotic shops, or exotic to outlanders.  The ceiling was speckled.  There was an opened, empty briefcase on the bed with a few suits laid out besides.
"So when did I become a 'sir?'" Xavier asked.  Partheus was already wrapped up in a pile of notes, shuffling sheets about, proving Xavier did come earlier than expected perhaps. "I was never given a uniform, and I didn't graduate officer's school."
"Really?" The elf asked the universe. "Why wouldn't it be right on top?  Where else would I put it?" His face brightened as he retrieved what he wanted from the disheveled pile. "There!"
"Find what you wanted?"
"Yes.  And about that, that was supposed to be a surprise.  I told the messenger not to treat you like a superior.  He wasn't supposed to know, but it slipped.  Is that where you heard it?"
Xavier nodded.
"Well, after our little palaver Solday, just a formality really, we planned on officially awarding you your new rank.  Army Rep isn't a rank.  You certainly can't be a grunt anymore.  And since this whole thing is new, these positions need filled anyway."
"What rank am I?"
The elf became jubilant. "Aha!  There's still something left to be a surprise.  That's great.  Just act fully surprised, will ya?  The Order holds these positions in high esteem."
Now he was curious. "I'll try my best."
"I know it's hard, what with the lack of fluffery and all.  It would be really nice if you could go in uniform, but we both know there are none.  Do you have a suit?"
"Yes, I brought a suit.  I take it we're talking?"
"Yeah, and we have to look the part.  I don't want to say it, but this'll probably be a real pissing match.  We have to prove we're organized enough and strong enough that their aid will be wise.  Basically we have to make sure they think we'll win, and they can be in on the spoils for some help."
"We've done well so far.  Why wouldn't they know that?"
"Oh, they do Xavier.  It's just that we're not to the hard part yet.  There are a few governors that are going to be harder to topple.  And then there's Malachi."
"Is it really going to be that much trouble?"
Partheus walked to the window and tapped on the glass with a finger. "This place is pretty grand.  Big walls and strong people, a perfect combo.  Malachi's Daskin makes Achron look like a rotten shack with a dead body protecting it.  While Trothos and Dahzir were having their squabbles, Malachi was smuggling in Leviathan tech and other goods.  He was going to try and overthrow the king, but then the werewolves showed up and did it for him.  He's not happy about the lack of support from the king's old guard, but that won't matter.  He's got his own army, and now he's just waiting.  And when he does strike, it's going to hurt."
"We have our hands full." Xavier wondered if his ignorance was showing.
"Exactly the opposite of what we want to portray when we speak to these people." The elf sighed.  It was an old sigh filled with the sound of whining lungs.
"What happens when it's all over?  You know, after we win and the Leviathans concede?"
"This is why you're getting that promotion.  You just look at this as a matter of time, as inevitable as a rolling rock getting to the bottom of a hill." He yawned and sat down on the bed beside a black leather belt. "Then The Order gets the space program back up and open to the public.  And they go home someday, probably in a couple hundred years.  After I'm gone.  People will keep fighting, but there might be a few good years afterwards before the dust gets kicked up again.  You're a wizard, so you just might get to see them leave.  Heck, you might get to be king someday.  But all that is after we get rid of Malachi, after we tour the rest of Barimede in search of aid, after we talk to our friends here in Achron."
The idea of being king wasn't appealing.  To lead a people he neither knew nor understood.  Being left behind sounded worse, though.  To be stranded on this strange rock, while the only people he considered family went off into the great unknown without him.  That was the worst case scenario for him, he thought.  Being killed on this journey by friend or foe paled in comparison.  What a mad king that would drive him to be.
The elf snapped his fingers. "That's the other thing I wanted to tell you.  We're going to be doing some traveling after our delegations.  It'll be smoother than this.  We'll get to a city, speak, and go to another the next day or the day after.  There are thirteen in all, not counting Achron.  Three weeks work, I'd say."
"That doesn't sound so bad."
"You haven't been in politics very long, then." Partheus pushed out a puff of air.  It sounded like a single guffaw. "You know what, you remind me a lot of Cecil Fauden.  I had a conversation like this with him in a hotel room back in Mirwa.  He gave me quite a start.  Jumped at me from a corner in a dark room, picked me off the ground, and listened to my pleas for help.  He took it in stride, just like you do."
"Maybe he and I would've made good friends." Xavier replied.  He was not the least bit coy.  He almost believed it himself.
"I don't doubt it." The elf said and popped a knee.  Age was catching up to him at last. "Hey, why don't I show you around town?  I've been here before a few times.  I know where they keep the good food."
"I'm starving."

Chapter Twenty-Eight

One
They stopped for food at Novus, which was themed around astrology.  The tables were orange and teal, and depictions of Orion and Artemis in battle formed murals on the walls.  Lights hung from the ceiling in the shape of crescents and stars.  A gold red sun stood on a pedestal at the center of the eating area.  Other things, which appeared to be astrolabes, floated about on nothingness atop the backs of the booths.  The ceiling looked to be a starry night sky with a comet passing by randomly every now and again.
They ordered their food and began chit-chatting.  He cut through the questions of how he was enjoying working with The Order or what he thought of the city. "I haven't had this position the entire time, have I?" This was going to come out rude, he knew, but plain and simple would fit best. "I've been getting a good sum.  I'm sure the other recruits weren't."
Partheus was sipping at a glass of ice water.  There was a lemon wedge floating amongst the cubes. "Don't worry about that.  You've been getting exactly what you earned." The elf leaned back and stretched.  The lighting took years away from his face. "I'm not sure if you're familiar with how the Leviathans operate, but we basically copied that.  Regular serviceman get a pretty nominal rate, but soldiers that take magic training get a significant boost.  Our patrons weren't thrilled to be shilling out so much at first, but when we assured them it was going toward mages, they hushed up.  Mages are useful for healing and killing.  And apparently espionage."
Xavier pushed up against the seat and peered over.
"It's all right." Partheus said. "That's all been declassified.  What's already done, anyway." He took a large gulp and paused as if fighting off a tremor of brain freeze. "You've been getting mage rates.  No mistakes."
"What am I going to say to these people?  I'm just a hired killer, really.  I can't speak much about our campaign strategy."
"Again, don't worry.  The werewolves do the 'grand scheme' explaining.  You'll just have to talk about your battle accolades, maybe toss a fireball at a training dummy."
"What if I light the whole city on fire?"
The elf rolled his eyes. "Then we'll have more enemies."
Two
Partheus showed Xavier around.  There were theater houses with rippling bands of unbound light streaking across their signs like ethereal snakes, grabbing up the wonder and awe of passersby.  There were arcades and sports centers, an arena for magic dueling, another arena to play field tackle, and a celestial amphitheater.
In the back of Xavier's mind he wondered if Salina would like the sights here.  The amphitheater might make her think of home, and he'd like to give her that comfort.  Farther up in his mind, where the cynicism rested, he didn't think he'd ever bring her here.  Would never have the authority, would never have her consent.  But he would very much like to sit and watch the stars with her.  It would all be rosy then, he thought, but deeper down he knew nothing would ever be right.
Eventually they ended up back at the hotel.  There were a few other things they'd seen on the way, but Xavier had found himself lost in his thoughts again and following Partheus without any conscious effort.
They each went to their own rooms.  Xavier sat down on his bed beside his things and looked out the window at the cityscape.  The red sun had crept under the horizon somewhere beyond the wall, and golden light poured into his room.  The walls and ceiling turned a somber wheat hue like sepia.  Xavier became homesick, surrounded by this soft shade.  He gazed out the window where all the light rushed in, longing marring his face.
Three
Xavier went out the next day to buy a few books.  He took another good look at the city but left Partheus alone.  All day long there was a nervous tension building up inside him.  As if there was a net around his lungs that was slowly shrinking.
When the day and time for the meeting came, Xavier was sitting in his room, almost done with the next Of Moons and Dreams book.  He was thoroughly enjoying it for the story it told and for the escape it gave.  It was a small comfort to be temporarily lost in the affairs of Winsome Jr.
Partheus knocked on the door, because who else could it be?  Xavier asked for a minute and changed into the suit.  Putting it on he thought of mustard stains and all the millions or so things that could ruin a nice piece of attire like this.
When he was clothed in his monkey suit, he shut off the lights and greeted the elf at the door.  As Xavier's fingers left the handle, he could feel his mouth tinge with cotton.  He wasn't looking forward to this.
Four
"Just let me take the lead, okay?" Partheus said.
In his thoughts and worries, Xavier hardly heard the old man.  He had to take a moment and think about it, as his mind played back the dialogue, trying to decrypt the message he should've heard.  It proved successful, though he knew enough time had passed that a reply would be omitted.  He went for it anyway. "Yeah." He said through a dry mouth.  
He flexed his hands, which were curling like dead spiders.
They came to a pillared gray building.  To Xavier it looked like a courthouse or one of the Roman constructs.  It had a rolling concrete roof with a flagpole at the center of a great circle.  The windows were narrow and barred with iron.  A set of steps led up to the entryway, where a colossal overhang of stone stood.  People were bustling in and out, half of them on phones.  Above the row of a dozen or so double doors was a great golden star made of nothing but ethereal gases.  It glowed with such intensity that the underside of the overhang made the world beyond appear dusky.  There was a resonance to it like the veins on the walls.  Xavier instinctively put a hand up to shade the light, but it refused to burn his retina, so he dropped it and flexed it a few more times.
Partheus led him into the building, where a blast of warm air greeted them from vents above.  Until then, Xavier had only been mildly aware that it was winter outside, and he had to make a conscious effort to stop his sweat glands on his false vessel.  On the inside were desks and hallways, not unlike those at the Sentinel.  The floor was white marble and seemed to have a surety about it that Xavier couldn't quite place.  As if the marble here were quite literally a cut above from any slabs he might've set foot upon anywhere else.  Partheus began down a hall as naturally as the staff.
The hallway widened, and on the left side were six elevators.  The doors of which were painted with a thin coat of deep brown, the sort that might be seen on lunch trays.  Partheus walked up the row of elevators and clicked the up switch on the panel by each.  Partheus walked into the first available and almost overlooked the novian who had followed behind, double checking to make sure he was not still outside.  He pressed a circular chrome button that lit up with a brilliant blue "13" and waited for anyone else to board.  The buttons, Xavier noticed, went up to 19.
They stopped at every floor on the way up, people boarding and departing on each.  The extra time made Xavier's nerves sink below the surface into a place that was cold and unstable.  He still had a quake to him and some cotton mouth, but he seemed loose again, unbound by the tension.  The lifting of the elevator dropped his stomach at every upstart, and it prodded at the recessing nerves, provoking them to come forward in force.
They got off on the thirteenth floor, sidled through a rush of boarders, and went down the corridor.  There was something atmospherically different about this floor, as if a low pressure zone were contained within.  Everything seemed sharper.  As they went, the odd tingling in the air grew as if they might be within a tesla coil, energy tugging at the electrons.  Ozone is what it was, what it had to be.  The air could not exist normally, not here where energy coursed so freely, so wildly.
Five
Partheus pushed open a door, and Xavier followed into a great room that used the dome as its ceiling.  Where the other six floors went up to was now a thing of curiosity.  The edges of the round room were cased in steps leading down to the center.  There in the nexus was a thick glass table, a pitcher of water in the middle and a stack of foam cups beside.  A man who might have ties to border collies and poodles stood by the table with both thumbs hooked into his belt.  He stood watch over the table, a stun gun his only companion.
"We're early." Partheus said.
"How early?" Xavier had either forgotten to ask when the meeting was held or had forgotten the time itself.  With his nerves strung up like this, he tried not to worry much about which of these it was.
"Only a few minutes." The elf paused and coughed into his elbow, sounding his age. "They'll be here right on time.  Not a moment earlier.  Not a moment later."
That want to escape welled up in Xavier again like a volatile chamber of magma bursting through cracks and channels to the surface, desiring only to be free and maybe char a few villagers in the process.  He looked at the far wall behind the bailiff.  It would be so easy to just blast through that wall, float on down to the street, and hoof it.  There was still time, he thought frantically, to run off into the great wilderness.  He wasn't certain how, but Xavier had a nagging feeling that these people would see through his ruse, and that everything he had worked for would come crashing down.  This was, after all, Major League business.
The delegates did not so much walk through the door at the far end as appear from it.  Their presence broke Xavier's thoughts.  There were four of them, three men and a woman.  The woman was an elf, and all three of the men were aemon.  Their business suits clung to their forms oddly, like the painting of dogs playing poker.  They moved down the steps, and the bailiff backed away and leaned against a pillar.  Partheus bowed and moved toward the table.  Xavier did the same.
Six
Dark suits in a gray room.  Outside the sky was clouding over the southern continent, and a cold rain was waiting to be born.  The two cadres came together, the elves shook hands, and everyone sat down.  The woman introduced herself as Athia and welcomed the strangers to the city.  Then she made introductions for the three men, brothers by the last name of Desim, one the mayor, one captain of the city guard, and the youngest, city comptroller.  She was the real delegate, the one tasked with speaking with "foreign" bodies.  But as she said, this called for "the whole gang." It was friendly and laid back, and Xavier didn't buy a word of it.
Partheus introduced himself as a low rumble of thunder passed over the building.  None of them could hear it, but outside the water was falling.  Xavier greeted them and was surprised he kept himself so mellow.  Hopefully Partheus would carry the conversation from then on.
"So what can Achron do for you?" Athia asked.
Partheus began by explaining that it would be a mutual favor for both parties.  It was cheese of the rankest political kind.  Xavier had heard it on earth, the dip and twirl of half-complete statements.  Flowery words and legal loopholes.  He strained to keep himself sitting upright through the jargon but knew that soon enough he would need to participate.  Stratagems were brought up, and at some point the mayor asked Partheus how the quality of life would change for the Achrons if they rendered their aid.
Seven
It dolled on like this until the captain broke into the palaver. "My men will fight at my word, but I would have that mean something.  Can I trust your forces to share some of the burden?  I wouldn't send them to their deaths on your statements alone."  He was still sitting, but his voice filled the room with his presence.
Partheus nudged Xavier, who had been sitting listlessly for about an hour.  Nothing came to the novian, save for a robotic instinct to turn and look at the captain.  Words began to spill out of him, and he wasn't certain if they were the right ones. "Our soldiers are the best.  Your men would not be shouldering the load alone." They didn't even feel like his words.  It was as if he were breathing, and this was the sound of his wind.  It was far away and foreign like the lies parents tell their children to make them eat their vegetables.
There was a heartbeat in the room.  It reverberated off the gray like some lonesome ping.  The rippling waves of its sound bounced against Xavier's skin, and he knew immediately whom it belonged to.  Xavier connected the dots he'd been ignoring, either because of his novice or because this whole setting made his consciousness want to retreat.  The captain was a wizard, and his blood was electric.  Xavier had to wonder if the aemon could read the words spilling out of his mouth, the hoopla nonsense that made voters complacent.  A wizard would at least be able to smell it on the current, and the idea put Xavier on edge.  His whole purpose here was to appear as powerful as possible, never mind understanding his own power or being fully comfortable with it.
He went on. "This is all just to minimize casualties.  Get the governors to surrender before this war drags on, let them be frightened by numbers.  But every one of ours is worth ten of theirs, so a real loss is out of the question."
The brothers looked at each other.  At some point Athia and Partheus had splintered off into pure politics and were having their own parley at the far end of the table.  The youngest brother stood and bowed.  He patted his siblings' shoulders and told them he wouldn't be useful for anything more and left.  The mayor waved him off and sent a look at the captain, suggesting he handle the military emissary.
The captain, whose name was Bor according to Athia, stood up and shook hands with Xavier.  Perhaps he would not win an arm wrestling match an ogre, but Bor was twice Xavier's height.  The novian's hand was all but lost in the aemon's, and Xavier had to remind himself that sorcery did not concern itself with the stature of its wielder. "I believe you." He said and added. "But may I challenge you to a friendly competition?  I've pegged you within a certain range, but I'd like to know exactly how strong The Order's finest soldier is."
Feeling confident and a bit brash Xavier replied, "Of course.  As long as you aren't afraid of losing." He wasn't certain if he meant that.
The mayor got up and moved down the table to where Athia sat, giving his brother a blessing as he did.  Bor waved the bailiff over and asked him to escort Xavier to the courtyard.  He assured him that he'd be down soon.  The canid, unable to refuse but visibly reluctant, nodded and looked down at the halfling the way he did to any pompous official.
Eight
The mixed breed guard led Xavier from the room and into one of those sterile hallways.  To Xavier the hall appeared brighter than the one he'd been in before, like a layer of grime had been wiped away and new bulbs installed.
Circles were the theme here in the chilled rain.  Patches of trees over here, rounded up in an oblong stretch of soils.  Red and yellow flowers outstretched their petals in the center of the court and were arranged in a spiral pattern.  There were greens and blues and violets, all gilded by white and careful trims.
He stood outside, alone for a few minutes.  At the far end of the court was an open concrete space glistening darkly with water and appearing to spark with the falling droplets.  Like blinking an eye before being struck, Xavier constructed an artificial umbrella over his head.  It was an act he did not think to do, hadn't even made an effort to do it.  All the same, he stood dry and warm in the cold rain, taking in the sight of the carefully manicured lawn.  It was quiet, and he was beginning to enjoy it.
The silence was broken by a deep rumble of thunder from the south.  It hardly seemed to be coming from the air but from somewhere deep in the earth, like some aftershock.  A wind gusted overhead, making the old fabled hollow sound that was a theme of fall, fright, and cold.  Here in the courtyard, however, there was no wind, and the thunder seemed long off like a titan chained on another continent.
Against the mute light of this dreary day, gray ruled over the colors.  The flowers, vibrant as they were, seemed to be under a veil of drab.  His hand went up to his hairline, that white crown of his own making, and he wondered if it was screaming its brightness here in this court of hollow colors.  Or perhaps it was dulled just the same as everything else, an olde time photo filter, an artful still devoid of the loud drownings which usually flooded the eyes.  Weak pastels.
Then the captain emerged.  He stood beside the novian and looked out at the lush but lifeless courtyard.  He was drinking in the aura of its dismal state the way a sommelier judges a fine wine.  His head tilted toward Xavier, but his eyes never left the gray. "We'll go to the arena, if that's alright.  I'd not harm the plants." He unfolded an umbrella, and Xavier wondered why he hadn't done so closer to the door.
Xavier did not reply, for he could think of nothing but rehashed phrases.  Being clich and running with the grain would be fine if he were simply Xavier Pontius, janitor turned military official, a fine story to write in the history books, not too exciting, not too daring.  That would be the tale of an honest-to-goodness Jonny Appleseed, the plastic mold for children to admire.  But he was not the cardboard cutout for boys to emulate.  He was the alien mage, the phoenix wizard, the once-upon-a-time werewolf.  And when it all came down to quaint little conversations like this, how could he spew out the cookie cutter answers?  His stencils were crooked and twisted, and his goods would never sell by the bakery window.
Nine
As they came up to the arena, Xavier wondered if Partheus would consider where they'd gone off to.  He supposed Bor might have been explaining that on the way out.
The inside of the arena was large and circular, just like the one in Rome.  At each entrance were two paths, one forward to the fighting area, one to the left leading to the seating areas.  There were a series of speaker systems and an oversized screen running ads not unlike a baseball stadium.  Over the speakers a song was playing by radio.  A rock song well suited for working out.  It was a popular song, and he managed to catch one line. "But I don't need . . . friends like this." It broke off into an instrumental section, and he got the feeling that this was more of a gym than a gladiator's death cage.  There were people up in the stands eating from the concessions and people down below training.  It was all tame.
There was equipment in the field along the edges where the stands met the sands, a place that in a hockey arena would have a clear shield up.  Bor took off his jacket and set it on a rack, and Xavier did likewise.  Not for the first time and not for the last, he fully felt the unfitting quality of this business.  It was a sweater knitted of porcupine bristles, and he was wearing it inside-out.
Bor walked to one end, while Xavier stayed near the equipment.  The people training on the far end stopped and retreated to the wall, recognizing the captain.  Someone in the stands squealed and ran for an exit, shouting about Bor's match-up.  This was going to be a show, one way or the other.
Ten
"We'll warm up first!" Bor projected more than shouted.  He lobbed a sluggish fireball from the palm of his hand, the light of which made his whole body glow orange.
Xavier took note of the way the light reflected from Bor's left arm.  It was a fully functioning prosthesis, much smaller than the last he'd seen.  As the fireball descended toward him, he lashed it out of the air the way one might put out a candle by smashing it with a sledgehammer.  And going with the theme he'd been setting for himself along with the abundance of water coming down, Xavier conjured a boulder of ice which he sent rolling at Bor like a bowling ball headed for a lonely pin.
Bor split the boulder with some internal combustion, a flashy display which sent either sides of the sphere tumbling to the left and right.  
Now things heated up.  Bor drew a guitar from the aether and began playing it with savage fury.  The speaker system went silent as the captain's solo produced an unsettling rumble.  The notes began taking form as shockwaves.
Xavier wanted to come to terms with what he saw.  What he saw was a man playing a guitar with such power that it was a weapon.  It was a kind of magic so free and so pure that he thought he could feel a chamber of possibilities open up in his own mind.  What a wondrous display of wizardry this was.  But before he could curl up and meditate on it, the thunderous melodies closed the gap.  He erected a wall of ice and stone layered many times over.  He could swear that he'd once learned that sound lost strength every time it had to change its medium.  Water flung in dizzying arcs around the waves as they came crashing against Xavier's wall with a ferocity unrealistic.  He pressed on more layers and felt the opposing force driving against him, while Bor went on playing harder and faster.
Now the crowds were rushing in.  Partly because of the zealot who ran wide-eyed and dumbstruck from the stands earlier, but mostly because the symphonic destruction Bor was so known for was raging louder than it had in a long time.
Still the aemon played until the charge of his fingers drew in lightning bolts.  The combined thunder of his music and the ionizing air shook the arena and caused the stands to cheer and whistle with glee and fear.
Xavier pushed back with a piston of stone, ice, and static.  It was his first time really trying to harness electricity, but anything that could be added to his counter was welcomed.  The shield came loose and took flight, knocking the waves away like deer before a freight train.  As the tons of lethal matter came upon Bor, the aemon grabbed his guitar like a wild rocker meaning to use it as a club against some obnoxious vocalist.  He swung at the crushing construct like a pro batter.  The contact was deafening, and sent a pulse through the air which knocked the breath out of every viewer.  Eardrums popped, and a few people fainted.  Xavier kept driving the mass toward his opponent and could feel the physical strain behind the notion taking a toll.
At last Bor pushed the crackling silo into the air with his guitar.  The mass rose into the sky of its own accord.  The wizards' energies had given it a life all its own, short as it would be.  It ascended over the city where it suffered a meltdown not unlike that of a dying star.  It expanded in an ever brightening aura of blue and then collapsed into a blinding ball of white.  It screeched and once more likened itself to a train, but this time it was a contorting, derailing thing of certain death.  The clouds parted for a moment as its infernal supernova heat rocketed up into space.  The city glowed with its luminescence, and it was now impossible to not know of the battle, even if one lived up by port.
And the battle went on.

Chapter Twenty-Nine

One
Someone sitting on the outside might think there was a light show being held at the arena.  The clouds lit up with waves of color like a bruised aurora borealis.  Someone unable to see the discharges would feel the steady thrumming in the ground.  It would be no different than living near a mine during blasting hours.  Rhythmic pulses ran through the earth, each tremor more frightening than the last, each one coming closer to bending the frames of Achron's buildings.
For those on the inside of the stadium, this match was nothing short of astonishing.  It was the kind of sight that makes one's organs seem weightless and time irrelevant.  Ozone filled the air as streaks of electricity and waves of green fire rolled back and forth to either side of the sparring area.  The air pressure seemed to drop, and above where the clouds parted before, they now swirled.
Xavier thought he might be running a marathon for all the wear he was beginning to feel.  He thought this little contest had perhaps overstepped a boundary or two, and that the city might end up suffering the consequences of that recklessness.  At the same time, he was happy to keep pace with a veteran wizard.  Besides, if he pulled punches now, his own life might be in peril.  Let them see his strength.


Two
It took every fiber of his being to unleash his final assault.  He kept on sending that unnatural flame Bor's way, but he added a great golem of sand to bar the way between and stand as a kind of turret.  Bor would cut it down, Xavier knew, but it was only ever meant to be a distraction.  If he could only get the aemon to let down his guard for a moment, he was certain he could use his telepathic skills to win this fight.  As the golem made to charge the captain, Bor pierced it with a thunderbolt.  His eyes flicked away from Xavier, and the novian seized the opportunity.
Xavier leapt across the battlefield with his mind, rushing at Bor with a desperate kind of mental agility.  Bor saw too late what was happening, and thanks to that was unable to counter Xavier's physical form.  Meanwhile, the novian was rummaging through his opponent's mind.  The average mind was simple and labeled as such, but it seemed that the mind of a wizard was a maze laden with traps and dead ends.  He was looking for one simple thing, the nerve or fount of magical control.  In his own mind he always imagined it to be more of a spring, but he knew it might be different here.
Xavier Pontius stood hunched over on one end, while Bor stood likewise on the other.  Things had quieted, and the audience was on edge.  The song called "Dastardly Friends" was just now finishing. "But I don't need . . . friends like this.  Robbers and cheaters.  Takers and heartbreakers.  I'll just go it . . . alone." No one listened.

Three
It took him longer than he wanted to find what he was looking for.  It was a waterwheel tirelessly running at an old mill.  The place he was in might have been some cortex of the brain, but Xavier thought this was the mind within the mind.  If it was the soul, it certainly seemed barren.  Here he was not Xavier Pontius but a much larger creature which had once been called Cecil Fauden.  The large creature ran into the mill and searched for what must be a lever to put a stop to the wheel.  He wanted to hurry before Bor found out where he was and came to stop him, and worse, saw his true self.
Bor was in the distance, where the inner world of the mill met the nexus of in-betweens that litter the consciousness, shouting.  The battle was over.  Even if Bor managed to catch up and see the human muddling, Xavier would've gotten to the switch by then.  His voice came to the human from that dark void, and it was not angry.  Why would it be?  This was not a fight between foes, after all. "I'm really impressed!" It called from everywhere.  The walls of this place were conduits for that owner's voice. "I misjudged you!" It sounded very close.
The lever was against a wall on the inside.  The waterwheel separated from Xavier by only a few feet of cerebral wood moaned and splashed as it always had.  Its steady power sent a numbing vibration through the wall, hardly perceptible but overwhelming in its longevity.  A real mill would've exhausted more than one of these in Bor's lifetime, but Xavier knew this was the one he was born with.  And if anything, it had only become smoother and more suited to spin with the soul's liquid energy as time went on.
He reached for the lever and began pulling.  A part of him feared that stopping the wheel would kill Bor, and he had to remind himself that he was not fighting Dahzir again.  It moved stiffly at first, never having been truly expected to turn from on to off.  As it inched downward, the wheel began grinding against some kind of braking system that sounded like a rusty deli slicer trying to cut through a sheet of aluminum foil.  It was halfway down when Bor truly began to scream.
"I yield!" And now it sounded like it was the mill itself begging for mercy.  In the outside world, which might have been a figment of the imagination as far as these two were concerned, Bor was yelling, "I yield!  I yiiiiiellld!" And unlike the feel-good song which had been playing, everyone heard the plea.
Xavier saw something in the distance, as he pushed the lever back up and released the brakes.  On the other side of the wheel across the pond was a scene playing.  In it the captain, but it was not Bor, was cuffing a rough looking fellow and walking him away.  And before the darkness could swallow up this little memory, the captain was falling and a friend of the rabble coming to remove the cuffs.  These last two vanished and a smaller aemon came trundling to the fallen man's side.  He was clutching his left arm, which bled over him.  Xavier saw no more, and the lever returned to its original place.


Four
Xavier opened his eyes to see Bor kneeling across the scorched field.  It did not look like they'd been sparring as much as it looked like nuclear warheads had been let off.  Tiny ones, maybe.  But the remaining smell of ozone and torn landscape suggested it had been nothing short of devastating.
The music, a faint static background, cut off and was replaced by a live voice. "I'm not even sure what I've seen!  Can you all believe it?" The man behind the voice, who was surely sitting down in a leisurely chair in a cozy room, was panting like he'd been on the field himself. "Let's give our combatants a hand!" The crowd burst with exclamation, and a great chatter began amongst those who came too late to see what had happened.
Xavier walked over and grabbed his and Bor's coats.  He was surprised neither had soaked up the crossfire, but it was just as well he supposed.  It was still raining, he realized, when he picked up the drenched jackets.  At some point he had stopped holding the rain off with that invisible umbrella, and though it was colder than just refreshing, he welcomed the icy droplets.
Bor stood up and shook the lesser man's hand.  He went to say something but instead bent over and coughed.  After some deep breaths he reattempted. "You've got my support."
Five
Partheus waited for them at the exit, his face still reflecting awe. "I hope you didn't wear yourself out too much.  We still have to award you that promotion officially." He said to the novian.
Xavier, who thought he would be quite able to take a nap on a bed of nails replied, "I'll soldier on." His cold jacket was a relief to his burning muscles. "Bor, that was good."
The aemon's breath had come back to him, but his booming voice was muffled. "It was.  I underestimated you.  Achron would be honored to stand beside such great warriors."
Partheus patted Xavier's shoulder.  The three were back on the street, and Bor was headed his own way. "Think you can do this at every city?" The elf asked.  It didn't sound rhetorical enough for the novian, as if this kind of proving may become normal.
"Let me rest up, Partheus.  Right now I couldn't fight off a squirrel." And he was tired.  Whatever forces he had summoned up in that battle, whatever energy he conducted had taken a toll on him as it passed through.  As of yet, magic had been as exhausting as breathing.  There was more to it. "So when is this ceremony?  I'm a little haggard at the moment."
Partheus looked at his phone. "About an hour and a half from now.  We can stop at the hotel, and you could shower if you like." The elf was checking his phone for messages and clumsily dodging other pedestrians in his distraction. "Just a small thing.  We'll go out to eat, have a few laughs, intake a few too many calories.  Maybe you can give a speech?"
Xavier didn't bother to look up at the grinning man. "If we learned anything today, it's that I am not the one that does the talking."
Six
They did stop at the hotel first, and by the time they headed back out, Xavier was catching his second wind.  Even so, he had fallen into a sort of relaxed state he thought would make a Buddhist turn green with envy.  After all the anxiety he went through earlier, his nerves were now submerged in a cool bath of tranquility.  It was rather serene, and despite his renewed strength it made him want to lie down and do some daydreaming.
They walked through the revolving door of a restaurant called Angelus, a posh establishment on the other side of the arena.  Without any real indication of the passage of time, they were entering a reserved room behind the main eatery hall.  It was at this point that Xavier realized he was enjoying himself, had to be.  Time only moves like that when you enjoy it, as if some sadistic part of the brain was blinding your internal chronometer so that your time of revelry could seem as short as possible.  He put a little effort into his consciousness, a little extra focus, if it would help.  It was all he could do to savor the evening.
The room was tiled and covered in ebony.  The lighting was strong but muted in a way that was only possible in a city like this.  There were murals on the walls of what he supposed were past figures come and gone, real or fabricated.  It reminded Xavier of the Sistine Chapel and the other Renaissance art he had the privilege of viewing in textbooks and documentaries.  And the way the light bounced off the murals gave them an ancient tone, like weathered stone.  There was only one table in the room, and it was large.  A long mahogany runway of candles and folded napkins.  It would've been akin to the cumbersome ones royalty seemed to have, where the guests sat too far from the host to actually enjoy dinner conversation.  It was trimmed with silver inlay, and a golden chandelier hung over its center, the room's focal point.
Underneath the chandelier was a leather bound case with two silver latches on the side.  Behind the case was Salina, nodding to welcome her compatriots.  To Xavier she was the best thing in the room, but thankfully that Zen sensation was able to keep him from being too overwhelmed by her appearance.  And that was good, because he didn't know how long his second wind would be able to hold him up if he started to get nervous again.  Salina took Partheus's hand and shook it.  When she took Xavier's, he looked up at her with a gleam.  On some deeper level, he knew he was being too easy to read, but he couldn't help himself.  Maybe if it had been his first wind, but not anymore.
Seven
She asked the two if they needed time to think about their orders, and the elf answered for both.  Salina told the hostess, who led the two newcomer's into the room and who Xavier had hardly taken any notice to, that they would need a few minutes.  That sword was hanging on her back, and Xavier wondered just how many times she'd used it since he gave it up.
"Would you like to do this now or wait until after we eat?" She asked the novian while tapping the leather case impatiently.
"Oh." It was a simple question, to which an answer wouldn't matter much one way or the other.  And that made it more binding.  Which direction should the whimsy go? "We could do that now, I guess.  I'll hardly be able to enjoy the food if I'm thinking about it."
She leaned over the case and unsnapped the buckles.  It popped open a bit, and she pulled the cover all the way off.  Inside was a crystalline sword that glowed the color of gold, and a belt scabbard rested beside.  The sword was etched with ancient Desturshan glyphs which read "Strength without discipline is weakness" to those who could translate.  It resembled a saber, one edge and a hand guard made of white crystal.  Along the length of the blade were white swirls like thorn vines which wrapped all the way from the tip to the handle.  Even in the soft light, it glimmered.  It was the kind of thing one would dream of using, but a real swordsman would dread tarnishing.
She took the sword and held it up sideways and leaned across the table to Xavier.  As he reached out his arms to receive, she said, "Xavier Pontius, in recognition of loyalty and service, we hereby award you the rank of colonel in the Free Army.  Wear the title proudly and let this sword be a symbol of your rank."
He took his reward in hand and inspected it.  The sword was exquisite, a bit long for his size, but he thought he could still use it.  She handed him the sheath, but he didn't even notice it in his free hand.  The way his hand wrapped around the handle was perfect, so natural. "It's too nice." He said, "A pin would've worked." He looked up at her, and she was rolling her eyes.
"If I told you it's just military surplus, would you be more accepting?" She asked.
He looked the blade up and down, saw his false initials engraved into the sheath, and shook his head. "It's too custom to be surplus."  He slid it into the sheath and laid the whole thing on the table. "I'll do what I can to uphold the position.  Thank you."
"Just keep doing what you're doing now.  You're a great asset." If the room had been a tad brighter, he might've seen the look in her eyes, the one that said he was more than just a resource to her.  But in the dim light, and without his lost inhuman senses, all he did was hear the words, the tones of which were perfectly platonic.
Partheus, who had lived long enough to hear such hidden expressions without magic, was standing off to the side of the table with his arms crossed.  He wasn't going to pry, even though this whole ceremony was technically a work function.  And for once, Partheus was the odd man out and not Xavier.
Eight
The hostess returned a few minutes later to see Salina had removed that gargantuan buster in order to sit, and a new sword laid on the table next to the leaning blade.  The three guests she came to serve were sitting on the right side of the table, while the left was being used to hold all their accoutrements.  The elf and the novian were agreeing not to order the same thing, and the human seemed to have made up her mind already.
She took a pen and opened up a small notepad.  She looked to the human, whose mind was set and whose appetite was irrelevant. "Are we ready to order yet?"
Salina glanced at the two. "I think so."
Orders were taken and received.  As usual, Xavier ate as much as a full-sized person, and while the other two wanted to take real note of it, they attributed it to his exertion earlier that day.  Still, Salina was beginning to think it was simply too much for a novian, worn or not, and she had to wonder (couldn't help but to) if it might have something to do with his secret.  And she didn't believe the secret would be as simple as a few tapeworms.  No, there had to be a reason why he needed so many calories.  He was a grown man, not a growing boy, and he was small.  But for today, she would call it a work hunger.
They spent a long while in that back room.  Things started out simple, talking about what city to go to next and wondering just what kind of obstacles waited, obvious things.  But after some time, they began talking like real people.  Partheus even indulged them with a few stories from his youth.
"I was working in Hurlinge at the time." He began and took a swig of scotch, "And there was this fellow who lived on the west side who was fed up with the mail carriers.  He was always complaining about getting junk mail, and he blamed us for it.  Said we ought to just stop bringing it.  I couldn't tell you how many times we tried to explain that what he got wasn't our responsibility.  We kept saying he needed to contact the companies behind the spam and let them know.  Of course, that never got through his thick skull.
So one day I'm delivering the mail, right?  His and a hundred others.  I get to his house and open the mailbox, and the flag is up, so I'm expecting there to be something in there.  Well, I reach in, and I guess I should've looked in first, because a little noose closes in on my wrist and tightens up.  I look, and here he had a weight set up to the rope, and it triggered when I put my hand in.  So twenty feet away is the iron plate that has my hand tethered in the box.  The guy cut a hole in the back of the box for it and everything.  I'm just standing there, yelling at his house that he's committing a federal offense, but no answer.  So I get my radio with my free hand and tell the office my situation.  I try to move the weight, but it's too heavy, and the mailbox won't budge.
Then as soon as I get done talking to the postmaster, the guy comes bumbling out of his house, cackling like a loon.  I tell him I will personally help stop the junk mail, if he'll cut the rope.  At first, I think he really thought about it.  He goes back into his house, and when he comes back out, he's got a big orange bottle with a brown nozzle and a white bag.  I was really hoping he wasn't going to torch me, and luckily he wasn't.
Well, when rescue finally came in the form of a Leviathan and two of my coworkers, they found me covered head to toe with feathers, sunburnt where I wasn't.  I couldn't tell if the guard was laughing under his helmet, though I bet he was, because Jan and Ostin were.
The guy got sent away, and his mail was canceled.  So I guess he got what he wanted."
After a few more stories from each, the three parted, Xavier and Partheus to their hotel and Salina to wherever she desired.  All of Xavier's remaining strength was falling off, and he supposed he could sleep anywhere if he only rested his head for a moment.  He was thinking about that hotel bed, the one that didn't belong to him, the one that said he was just a wanderer.  His bed on Earth was the only one that he could call his own.  He had never used the one in Redora, and the one at his apartment was the property of Xavier Pontius.  Then, somehow, he found himself standing in front of that bed, oblivious to the journey from the street to his room.
Fatigue took over, and he fell asleep atop the sheets.

Chapter Thirty

One
He was standing in the middle of a street on a hot day, and it was bitterly dry.  Immediately he was aware that he was human and lacked magic.  Around him were dilapidated buildings.  The street was riddled with holes, and most of the lampposts had fallen over in some long ago time.  He noticed there was no vegetation, not on this street or the next and barely any off in distant hills.  After that, he noticed that there were no people.
He looked down at his hands and a familiar strength wrapped them.  He focused and his nails turned to claws, his skin darkened, and thick fur of jet black and blue swirls carpeted his hands and forearms.  He undid the partial transformation and moaned with joy.
"Salina!" It was the first name that came to him, so he called to her.  He was running down the broken road, head swiveling back and forth, nose flaring.  He could smell people, but didn't recognize the scents. "Salina!  Partheus!  Hodge!" These things and the names of all his friends came roaring from his mouth, but no replies came.
The wind changed direction, and he could smell the odor of burning exhausts, oil, sweat, and more blood than he wanted.  After turning a corner around a pile of rubble that had once been a drugstore, he saw a caravan of men in rusted old vehicles.  There were dead bodies on the street around them, and corpses hung from the standing posts, tethered either by rope or intestines.
The one Cecil thought to be the leader, as he was the most gruesomely decorated, aimed a rifle at the werewolf and screamed.  Cecil heard a click and the followings shots.
Two
Gunfire turned into hard knocking, and he was back in the hotel bed again, as tired as any mortal should ever get. "I'll be right there." He said and yawned.  He sat up and looked at the alarm, seeing that it was still the wee hours of the morning.  He forced himself awake.  He threw on yesterday's clothes and went to the door.  He was too short to see through the peephole, so he just flung the door open.
Bor stood in the hall in his civilian attire, arms crossed and eyes wide.  Xavier saw and looked down either side of the hall. "No one is listening." Bor said, "I already checked.  May I come in?"
Xavier gestured the aemon in.  A thought, brief and thin, crossed his mind.  It would be a lot nicer if Salina came to visit him at one-thirty in the morning.
"If I had known," Bor started before the door had closed behind him, "I may have pledged my men sooner.  But I had no idea."
Suddenly three hours of sleep felt like a dozen. "Huh?"
"I saw you." Bor's face seemed to glow. "You made it to the waterwheel.  It's just a memory from my childhood, really.  It would be different for other mages.  You beat me there, but I still saw you at the lever.  Cecil Fauden."
Xavier felt the foundational cracking of his plans the way one feels a broken nose. "You haven't told anyone, have you?"
"No, not even my brothers.  I wanted to speak with you again first."
Something slick and malignant slithered through the pseudo-novian's mind, a little eel of malice, a serpent whispering murder.  He banished it. "Please," He said, feeling walls enclosing in on him, "you can't speak of this to anyone, not until I do first.  Can you promise to keep this a secret?  I need this to stay between us."
"I can." The aemon looked baffled beneath his strange leathery skin. "But could you tell me why?  If The Order already knows-"
"They don't.  You and I are the only two people in the world that know, and they can't know.  Not yet." The slimy black snake started giving up. "They think I'm dead, and if they knew I came back, they'd be protecting me.  But I have to contribute, don't you see?  I'm the reason they're here."
Bor nodded and cocked his head as if to double-check on eavesdroppers. "Do you think they'd lock you up or something, do you really?"
He did not.  On some deeper level, he knew this was all ridiculous. "I don't know, and that's the trouble.  I promise I will tell them." Salina first. "When the time is right.  After I help them sort this all out.  Bor, I'd like to go home with them.  I want to be with them when they search for Earth, believe me."
Bor crossed a hand over his heart and grinned. "The secret is safe with me, but you humans are odd.  I'd just be out with it and have it taken care of." He lifted the hand to his chin. "Hmmm . . ."
"Is there something else?"
"I have a favor to ask, since I'm keeping this for you."
Xavier felt eased.  A bargain was binding, and it would ensure the secret was kept, at least to some degree. "Oh?"
"Tell me about Earth.  I want to know everything about it."
Xavier felt his sleep slip away.  That three hours would have to be enough.  He sat on the edge of his bed and motioned Bor to do likewise on an adjacent couch.  Then he began.
Three
Bor left half an hour before Xavier's alarm was set to go off.  They were leaving for another city today, and he supposed he might get some rest on the train.  For now though, he stood by the window and looked at the still-dark sky.  He was holding the little stone disk he'd made for Salina and held it up to the glass.  The fatigue had settled into his chest, and he felt his breathing weigh heavily upon him while his heart beat arrhythmically.  He wondered where she would be right now, when most people were still asleep.  Once upon a time he had used the extra hours to practice swordsmanship, though clumsily and perhaps pointlessly.  Was it all business for her?  He didn't know, wasn't sure if he wanted to know, and had to ponder if she used this much of the clock to think of others.  He had to abide by the mortal laws of eating, sleeping, and dying but still found room in the day to reminisce and long.  He wondered if she ever thought of him.
That morning Xavier and Partheus packed up and headed off for the train station.  On their way, they passed up Academia Celestial, a university for wizards.  Xavier was a little disappointed he didn't get a tour of the place, as seeing it from the street was but a tease.  As he passed by he looked back and saw the glass buildings of the college come to life in shifting prismatic colors.
Four
They arrived early at the station, and their train had yet to arrive.  Xavier set his luggage down, bumping the sword on his hip.  It was odd to be carrying a sword again, especially through a city.  It was perfectly legal and not the least bit outstanding, but it was still strange.  He liked it, though.  It meant purpose.  As he thought and waited, the red sun peaked over the city wall, and the white concrete around them turned a rosy amber.
Partheus, a man who was not young by any standard, sat on a bench nearby.  His legs and joints ached, and he thought it just might be a lingering effect from his jog under Bishop the year before. At least his lungs and mind felt good.  He couldn't be too far over the hill, if he wanted to keep up with Patricia.
He called to the novian, "Did I tell you?"
Xavier approached. "Not sure," He replied, "you say a lot of things."
"Miss Aston will be accompanying us on our journey.  We're headed to Garmond next, and she'll be here soon to board with us." The elf stretched, popping his back and shoulder sockets. "The train ought to be here in a few minutes."
"Aston?" Xavier mirrored.
"Yes." His brows raised. "She gave you that sword last night."
"Salina?"
"Didn't you know her last name?"
"She never told me, and I never asked." Xavier felt a guilt seeping up into him.  How did I never catch that?  Or did I, but forgot it? "Well, thank you for telling me." He looked away from Partheus. "It'll be good to have her with us."
The elf nodded.
Five
People began flooding into the station area, and the bullet train followed suit.  Ticketholders started to board, somehow sooner than the elf and novian.  Partheus told Xavier that Salina would sniff them out and there was no need to wait for her to board, but the novian lingered by the steps for a few moments just the same and scanned the crowded deck.
It was easy to pick her out from the throngs, what with her height and the long blade.  It was enough to see her, and Xavier was about to step up into the locomotive, but he noticed that she was not alone.  Beside her stood an elven man with thick golden hair and a sharp face, utterly imperial.  The two leaned closer together and exchanged a lengthy kiss.  Then he held her hands up to his face, gave them both a quick peck, and spilled out some goodbyes.  But, Xavier saw, that wasn't enough, as the two came together again.
Xavier boarded, his stomach in knots and his head light.  She had every right, he knew, and he had no right to be upset.  He ran that thought on a loop as he made his way to where Partheus sat and took up a seat by the window.  The elf made no comment.
She came a few minutes later, or it might've been a few hours.  She sat next to Partheus who had oddly taken an aisle seat.  She was right across from Xavier.  She rested the sword in a narrow space between the booth seat and the window and opened a brown courier sack on her lap.  She drew out a pad of blank white papers and a box of pencils and pens.  The pad stayed on her lap, and the box was wedged between her thigh and the wall with the open end sticking up.  She smiled and nodded at Xavier, and he returned the gesture through a herculean effort of will.
It was going to be a long trip.

Chapter Thirty-One

One
On Earth, reading had always made Xavier sick during car rides.  He tested it on the train and was delighted to find that he suffered no ill effects.  The reading was a great distraction from the soreness, but after a while his eyes grew weary and the words began to blur.
Outside was an unending plain of green grass with pine forest trim and mountain caps far beyond.  His elven companion was fast asleep, but the werewolf was on her third page, deftly sliding a pencil across the surface.  Xavier glanced away from the window to see what she was doing but only for an instant.
But she noticed his curious eyes and stopped her current project. "Would you like to see?" She asked.  Her hands were on the side of the pad, and it was clear that he was going to see it one way or another.
"I didn't know you drew." He wanted to add something about her being too much of a tomboy, but he decided he better not push it.  It would start there, and before he knew it he'd be spewing out some goop.  Maybe he wouldn't be so transparent, but he thought now was not the time to risk it. "Yeah, I'll take a look."
She handed him her set of drawings.  He looked at the first, a sketch of the station.  The next two were of the countryside they'd passed.  Each drawing was detailed.  There were things about the station, trash cans and what the people wore, that were so accurate it was as if she had traced a photograph.  The story was the same for the country, and the last one was even in the process of being colored.  She captured every color, every shadow, and every wisp of cloud.
He handed them back. "You should have these framed." He didn't think that compliment was a stretch in the least.
"Oh please," She replied, "these are just doodles."
His eyes rolled.  It was impossible to keep them from doing so. "Yeah, and the sky is just blue, and the oceans are just water."
She smiled and was glad to see his face light.  He was so much like Cecil, and thinking of him that way made her feel a bit guilty, not enough to stop her but enough that she had to consider if it really was the novian she admired, or if it was just who he reminded her of.
The silence caused Xavier to turn and look toward the inspiration of her newest art, trying to catch some of that sleep he missed the night before.
Thankfully this level of fatigue didn't care about the dance and twirl going on below the surface, and Xavier nodded off.
Two
The train rolled along, past the long wavy fields and down into a narrow valley.  Sunlight flitted through trees and rose up over the locomotive and back over the other side.  At some point Partheus awoke and commenced to fiddling with his phone.  Xavier heard the sound of brakes, and his eyes opened to Salina working on a new page and Partheus flicking his thumb back and forth to the glow of a screen.
He sat up straight and stretched.  A yawn was in order, and then he rubbed his eyes.  Oddly, he felt more awake than before, but his body seemed sorer than ever.  It had been warm in the cab last he remembered, but he found himself breaking out in goose pimples.
"So, I guess we've reached our destination?" He asked neither in particular.
Salina replied, "No, not even halfway there.  We're at Igmont now, picking people up, mostly dropping people off."
"How long was I out?"
"A few hours.  You can go back to sleep if you'd like, but you should probably stay up.  It'll be late when we get there."
The novian nodded to her.  He stood up and was caught off guard by his legs, which were filled with pins and needles.  They wobbled, but he managed to wrest control of them. "Anyone want something to eat or drink?" He was looking at the elf.
"If you wouldn't mind getting me a water, Colonel, that'd be great."
He walked to the end of the cab.  Just before the door connecting to the next caboose was a coffee station with a brewer polished to a gleam.  On the adjacent countertop was a bare assortment of hunger fighters, crackers and stale biscuits, an empty box of donuts and a few bagels.  At the far end was a watercooler, something he'd heard oft about but never seen.  It really struck him that it was so Earth-like.  He took two cups from a receptacle and filled both.  He refilled the second twice after quenching a thirst he hadn't been aware of.
The elf had given up on whatever communication he'd been having on the phone and was instead shuffling his fingers, clearly regretful he had not brought anything else to occupy his time.  Salina was taking a rest from the drawing, her tools and papers resting on her lap.  Xavier sat down across from her and reached over with the cup of water he'd not drank from.  Partheus accepted it and took a few sips before letting it rest in a fold out arm by the aisle.
Three
"So what's Garmond like?" Xavier asked.
Salina shrugged. "Never been there myself."
Partheus popped his back.  It always seemed able to pop a bit more and never capable of finding a true position to stay in. "Well," He said, "it's a swamp.  Pretty dark, too.  There's a thick canopy over the area for miles, but it's nothing like the Dark Forest.  Expect mosquitoes and alligators." His hand went to the back of his neck as if expecting one of the little bloodsuckers to have been summoned merely by the mention. "And make sure not to fill up on junk before you get there." He looked at Salina and rolled his shoulders. "Best cooks in the world live there.  There's a culinary school, place called The Stove.  From what I hear, it's more of a boot camp than anything else, but the cadets that graduate from there go on to start their own restaurants.  Always five stars."
"And what exactly are we headed there for?  You make it sound like fine cuisine." Xavier inquired.
"Beyond the quality of the food is the quantity.  You can't fight a war on empty stomachs, and the rations we have up north aren't going to cut it.  We need regular supplies with nutrients and calories.  They can help with that."
"How are we going to bargain for that kind of aid?  I hope I don't have to get into a cook-off.  I can light fires with the flick of a wrist, but I don't think I can properly butter toast."
Everyone who had business in Igmont was off the train.  New passengers were filing in to take their places, and conductors were ushering travelers along.  Hustle and bustle, and a whole lot of chatter.
"Tariffs." The elf went on. "Food tariffs in Garmond are higher than in most places.  Even without a king to enjoy the treasury, collections are still taken.  Mostly on their exports.  Drives up costs, so less people order food shipments from them.  They have more than just gourmet meals.  We just need to promise relief after our victory in exchange for some rations."
"The Leviathans really won't budge?"
"Not one iota.  It's all or bust for them."
Xavier sighed.  This was all so roundabout. "Wouldn't it be easier to infiltrate the Leviathans, cause some internal subterfuge?"
Partheus shook his head. "They've got some airtight policies.  It would be easier, but it would take decades to get anywhere."
"And it's no secret that Malachi is getting restless." Salina added. "In twenty years he'll have an army amassed.  So it's either small wars now or a holocaust later.  Sometimes fighting can be avoided altogether."
There was a screech, releasing brakes, and the train lurched forward. "I hope we can convince them." The novian breathed.
"Don't worry yourself.  I'll be the one in the arena this time around.  I daresay this city will be a break for you, not much need to showcase our military might.  Just politics."
Four
The canopy thickened and the natural light dimmed.  Darkness was coming twofold, and the cab lights came to life to compensate.  There was a little boy a few rows up asking his mother how long it would be, and over the course of time she told him on a dozen or so occasions that it would be a while yet and that he ought to take a nap.  Farther up someone else began snoring, but it was muffled by the steady hum of the locomotive.  Xavier went back to his book.
It got to a point where both Xavier and Partheus struggled to stave off sleep.  The novian found himself nodding off here and there.  It had to be the hum of the train, something about motorized transport.  Back on Earth he had always found it next to impossible to stay awake on long trips, but those had always been in cars.  He had never ridden on a train until that vacation to Mirwa, and that had been when tiredness couldn't touch him.  As a mortal, however, he found the train rather lulling.  What with its comfortable and warm booth and steady vibration, it practically dragged one down into sleep.
Book in hand he slumped over, straightened, and slumped again a few moments later.  Salina was getting some small amusement out of watching the novian bob up and down in his valiant efforts to stay awake, and a grin creased her face.  At one point he closed his book about knights and quests of truth to put it into one of his bags.  The job was simple, but it kept his hands moving and that, it seemed, was enough to keep his head above water for a few more minutes.  He became aware of his heavy breathing and that his body was falling asleep in every regard, that soon it would take a real stimulation to keep him going.
But that's exactly what he got, for a few minutes later came the gentle tug of inertia pushing him toward the engine.  He stretched, as did quite a number of passengers, and readied to grab his things.  Salina had already put away her things and sat on the other side, legs crossed and waiting for her two companions to get into the aisle so she had room to as well.  Partheus let the other passengers, even ones farther from the doors, light off first.  He turned to Xavier and said there was no need to shove.

Chapter Thirty-Two

One
It was a swamp indeed.  A great and noisy bog, where crickets and frogs knew no such terms as silence and calm, which stretched into the darkness.  This side had some pavement and walkways leading into Garmond.  The stone platform they stood on was raised higher than at most stations, and looking ahead Xavier saw that the buildings were on stilts of either wood or stone.  There was a faint mossy odor in the air, much weaker than he expected, and overpowering it was the scent of spices and meats, most notably that of fried chicken.  On queue his stomach rumbled with a tempestuous anger, absolutely demanding.
The hotel they found had a restaurant, but to Xavier's relief the kitchen was closed and would not be agitating his stomach with its pleasant scents until morning.  He hadn't thought of it before, but Salina was to stay in the same room as the elf and he.  There were two beds, and he didn't need to wonder which was hers and which was theirs, because he knew she had no need.  But still, her things would be there, and she'd be around.  For some reason he hadn't pictured it this way, as if the werewolves might stay in caves.  He had no points for thinking this way, as he himself had lived in an apartment.  In that time he hadn't even had the slightest urge to pack up and live in a hole in the ground.
They put their things away, and Salina said she was headed out to see the city while they slept.  Xavier wanted to go with her, knew he couldn't because of fatigue, and knew he shouldn't anyway.  Partheus set an alarm, but by then Xavier was already lying on top of his own bed, no more rested than he was the night before, and falling asleep on the sheets.
Two
When morning came for Xavier, the room was empty.  He did not wake to the sound of the alarm.  Xavier sat up and looked at the clock; it was almost nine.  A note was taped to the alarm.  The novian took it, wiped his eyes, and read it.
No need to wake you.  Might need you two tomorrow.
Take the day off.  Look around.
-Partheus
He took a quick shower and threw on some new clothes.  Neither the elf nor the werewolf were anywhere around, and other than the note, there was no real indication where they'd gotten off to.  Sword on his hip, he went down to the lobby.  They were still serving breakfast, so he got himself some bacon and eggs.
With that taken care of, he headed outside and into the surprisingly mild air of the bog.  He went over a few bridges to a great circular structure not unlike a gazebo.  It was the size of several city blocks and was riddled with peddlers.  In the back of his mind, he started a little prayerful dialogue, one he was ashamed to say he did very seldom.
So what should I do?  I'm running out of ideas.
An absolute feeling hit him then, quiet but resolute.  The feeling suggested he ought to come clean about who he really was and do it sooner rather than later.
Isn't there another way?  I'd really like to follow through with this.
The feeling did not sway.  Instead it seemed to tighten.
I know, but I can't.  And now she's . . . it's none of my business now.  I should've done something sooner.  If I just had the strength to accept it.
The feeling, the voice, pushed back.  It struck down his argument.
So what do I do?
The voice had already answered this.
I really shouldn't interfere.  It's unprofessional, and it's selfish.  Not to mention absurd.
The voice seemed to sigh.  It implied to Xavier that he ought to listen, not just hear.
Three
He returned later that night after a few good meals and picking up oil for her sheath.  Salina stood over Partheus who sat overtop a computer on the room's table.  They were going over some sort of form and discussing how rations of beets and leeks ought to be distributed.  Enthralling stuff, truly.
The sword was leaned against Partheus's bed, sheath and all.  Xavier set his bag on the mattress and took out a little red bottle with a narrow nozzle.  Salina passed a glance at him but didn't seem too taken by his appearance.  Getting the sword out of the sheath proved most difficult, what with his stature and his false muscle memories.  Last time this sword had been like a long dagger, but now he could feel the true weight.  He used the edge of the bed to catch the sheath and drug the blade across the sheets.  Once free the sheath tipped over with a dull thud, and Salina did turn with full attention.
There were some conflicts inside her at the sight of the novian's tampering.  On the one hand, that sword and its components were her only reminders of Cecil, her lost charge.  But the fury she expected, the natural reaction, didn't come.  Instead she was taken by curiosity at the halfling's actions, and there was something else, too.  The familiar way he looked at the blade, as if he were inspecting it for changes.  Quietly she monitored the novian's strange nicety, while Partheus pored over statistics of harvest seasons.
When Xavier was finished treating the equipment, Salina walked over to help put the sword back, acting as if she had only just noticed him.
"Do you know the history behind this sword?" She asked, looking down at her waist high admirer.
He met her gaze. "A bit." Then he looked away.  She was close enough that he could feel her body heat, and some kind of bashfulness swept over him. "That's Baneblade.  It belonged to a general named Titus."
He knew more than that, she bet.  Far too much for a janitor.  She wondered again of his past which he'd carefully erased. "Partheus," Turning to the elf, "can you handle things for a little while?"
"Mmhmm." The elf replied, flicking a wrist.
"Xavier, would you like to take a little walk with me?"
"I'd like that." He could feel his insides melting.  It was a simple request, he knew.  All the same it made his heart leap.
Four
They were outside to the minimal light of the swamp's sunset.  The drone of Garmond was behind them, while the buzz of the marshes laid ahead.  The nearest building was a fan boat pier, mostly for gator enthusiasts.  It was quiet, save for the white noise, and they were alone.  Xavier was confident this was business, but even so he found himself hiding his thumping heart.  Did she know she held that kind of power over him?  He hoped not, because if she did, she was intentionally breaking him.
"Colonel," She said, the word cold and unfamiliar, "I'm tired of wondering about you.  I've done a little research, as I'm sure you've suspected.  But I dug a little deeper than I think you anticipated."
He looked up at her.  The frosty tone was stinging him.  If it had been someone else's scorn, it would roll right off.
"You eat a lot more than someone your size should, you knew about my sword, and it's awfully coincidental that you happen to be so adept with magic and have been concealing, at the very least, your scent since we've known you.  Care to explain?  And not later, not when you're ready.  I'm ready now, and I don't plan on waiting anymore."
Well, it was good while it lasted.  One voice of consciousness sighed.  Another went, Run as far and as fast as you can. "I can't."
She nodded. "I think you're a spy." She leaned over him, her back toward the city. "In which case, we'll be getting information from you one way or another."
He couldn't bear it.  It was simply too much.  He slipped a hand into his back pocket and pulled out the little stone disc. "I need you to make me a couple promises if I tell you."
"Which would be?"
"You can't tell anyone, not even The Order.  Especially The Order.  And I don't want you to do anything hasty."
Her brows were raised, and her eyes drifting to his occupied hand. "What are you holding?"
The city was just a few hundred yards away and behind more than one willow tree, but he thought he might be standing somewhere between the ground and Orion. "I made something for you.  If you had made it, it would look a lot better, but I tried." He held it out. "Partheus says I remind him a lot of Cecil, which makes sense.  If you don't remember, the depiction is of the night Cecil came to find you.  It was his first night as a werewolf, and he didn't understand the patterns of his coat."
"Who told you about that?" She poured over it.
"I have one other favor to ask." His internal hands were on the reigns of his ruse. "Please don't be mad at me."
He took a step back.  He had spent so much time pretending to be Xavier Pontius, that turning back into Cecil felt like a loss of identity.  The chains and barriers he set up began fading away, and his shape changed.  His bones stretched into their true length, and muscles and fibers expanded.  His hair dulled from white to a human brown, and the restraints on his scent were loosened.  His voice dropped, and the sword on his hip was suddenly short.  Now he looked down at her, nervously waiting for a response.

Chapter Thirty-Three

One
There he was, in the flesh.  She could see him, and she could smell him.  "Cecil?" She ran up to him, wrapped her powerful arms about his torso and buried her head into his shoulder.
She had him just about lifted off the ground, and it hurt.  But seeing her happy nulled that pain.  Instinctively his arms went around her, and he thought again about the elf at the station.  Guilt tinged him. "I missed you, Salina."
She pulled back from him and wiped her eyes.  A quick jab from her fist met the shoulder she'd burrowed into, and she watched him reel back and fall.
"Ahh!" He blurted, propping himself up on his hands, "I'm liable to bruise."
"You'll be fine." She extended a hand.
Two
"Come on." She said and brushed off some of the dirt that had clung to his shirt. "I've got a lot to fill you in on."
He nodded and began shifting back into novian form.
"Do you really have to do that?  I'd like it if you just stayed yourself."
"I don't want to cause a stir.  Besides, I'm still me no matter what I look like."
"But the others will want to know you're back, or do you expect me to keep it a secret that I take to the grave?"
"I'll tell you what, after this whole campaign is over, and you're set to try and find a way back to Earth, I'll spill the beans.  If they happen to trust me sooner, then that's when I'll come forward."
"They aren't going to trust you.  Not fully." She closed the distance between them, looking down at him again in his false form.  He could feel her heat, could almost smell her sweet aroma. "And I'm not sure I can keep good on my promise."
His heart raced and thumped wildly, but words came out smoothly and mechanically. "Just give me a little time.  Please."
She put on a worrisome smile and stroked his white hair. "You'd better not get hurt."
He rolled the shoulder she struck, "As of late, you're the only one doing me harm."
She pulled back. "You brought that one on yourself, hon."
A few well-placed words and body language was enough to make him weak.  Every single time.  Did she even know?
All the blood was rushing to his face, and he did take the care to hide the signs of it with some complexion altering.  He scrambled for something else to bring up, or else he thought he might babble.
"So," All his strength went into changing the subject, "I have to wonder.  Are we really just gathering up allies from different cities?  You make it sound like more is going on, and I've been left in the dark."
She had very much intended the conversation keep going the way it had.  She wanted to see how far he'd take it, and how haughty he'd be about it.  It didn't take a wizard to know he was blushing under his skin, but he strafed from her deliberate line of insinuations.  That partly annoyed her.  She couldn't recall a time when she had to put much effort into working a man like dough, but the challenge intrigued her.  And the way she looked at it, she would have it no other way. "How astute.  Yes, and I'll fill you in back at our room."
Three
Walking back into Garmond was fundamentally different, he thought, than any other walking experience.  He felt much lighter, for one thing.  Walking with an old friend.  There was the feeling too, the one that initially drew him to her, the familiarity.  So long as she was by his side, he felt at home.
"Partheus," Salina began, "Will you be needing us in the morning?"
"No." The elf replied, "Thought I might, but these people have no concern for military goings-on.  I was able to settle things myself, and I've just a few details to clean up.  Then we'll leave by train sometime in the afternoon, I take it?"
"Change of plans.  We'll have new military officials to accompany you, when you need them.  But I'll be taking Xavier with me on a little excursion, and I'll need his help with the magic elements."
"Oh?" His eyes darted to the novian and then back to the werewolf.  The quizzical look on his face made him appear gaunter than ever. "I thought-"
"Don't worry about it.  We've settled all that.  Haven't we, Xavier?"
He thought he heard an inflection on his pseudonym, as if she were trying to let the elf in on the secret. "I believe so." He said.
Partheus shrugged.  He was sitting perpendicular to the room's desk, and his left arm was still resting over the keyboard of the computer. "Good to hear."
"Xavier and I will be leaving on the A.M. train.  We'll be headed south."
"Best of luck to you both." He turned back to the work. "This certainly uncomplicates things.  Think you could give me a rundown?"
Her arms crossed and she looked down at her small companion. "I would, but not right now.  Perhaps after we get back."
Cecil spoke up, "What are we doing down south?"
"Looking for something very important.  I'll give more details once we get to Blackstone.  Can you trust me till then?"
Unfortunately, he would leap from a bridge if she asked. "Yes." He replied.
"C'mon," She gestured for the door, "I'd like to stop somewhere before we head out tomorrow."
He made to follow her.
Four
As the door closed shut behind them, she asked, "Know anything about wards?"
"You're probably talking about a magic barrier, not just referring to a section or area?"
"Mmhmm, you're sharp."
He shrugged, "Not much." His feet moved him along behind her.  The hallway was just a bit too narrow to walk side by side, and he found himself trying not to stare at her gait.  It must be awful, he thought, always being ogled like that.  Almost forgetting to answer, he went on, "Any mage can make one, and any mage can break one.  The stronger one is, the easier it is to make a tough one, but it's really just a matter of time.  Even a novice could tear down a ward made by Orion, given enough time."
"Anything else?"
"I think there are types of wards.  Some just block intrusion.  Others I believe push back, maybe lethally.  I guess there might be some that are actively offensive."
Outside he took a position at her side.  They walked for a while and passed the more congested part of the market and its stalls to a quieter area with a few little shops that were self-contained.  While they went, he explained to her how he hadn't really been granted death at the Sentinel and how he had managed to return to the mortal realm.  She took note to the fact that Siegfried was finally throwing in the towel, and she said Hodge hadn't brought the fact up yet.  He wasn't too concerned about others hearing, since they were moving, and no one person would hear anything but a snippet.  He had been near bursting to explain.
She stopped in front of a tailor and motioned him to stop as well. "Wait here a few minutes." She said and walked in.
He waited, perplexed, curious.  This couldn't be what she had wanted to see, but he was patient.  Why she wanted him to wait outside was beyond him.  As he stood there, people passed by, chefs in training and food connoisseurs mostly.  They chatted about spices and exotic uses for this and that, ways to substitute one ingredient for another, and laughing about overheating something that could make a mess.  By the time Salina stepped out, Cecil's stomach was thoroughly convinced that it needed filling.
"Here." She said and handed him a plastic bag.  There was a set of clothes inside. "They're not the right size, but you seem to be able to work around that."
"Oh?" He took a look inside and pulled out a black and white gilded robe with a hood.  There were black leather shoulders on it, which looked very good for the rain.  A pair of loose looking pants came with and matched the color scheme.
"You're a wizard, in case you didn't know.  And this is pretty standard attire for your kind, though you seem completely oblivious to the fact.  Consider this a new uniform."
"Thank you." He said and closed the bag.
"Oh, try it on." She pressed, hands on her hips, "I know very well that you can keep it in repair and clean without a seamstress or wash bucket and that you don't need to strip to put it on now."
"Okay," He shrugged, "it is nice." He began melding the material into his own clothes.  There was excess, which ended up going into the bag.  He also added a wolf crest to the left breast of the robe and split the back where his legs started to add some flexibility, same in the front.  The material itself, he found out, felt mostly like silk.  To him it seemed awfully gaudy, but he supposed after visiting Achron that she was right about it being common.  He pulled the hood over his head as a test and saw the crown rest over the tip of his nose, so it was a bit long.  The sword on his hip did not seem hindered by the loose nature of the robe.
After a few adjustments, he was actually rather pleased with the way it felt and fit. "Is this what you wanted to see?  I guess it does seem more appropriate."
"Not quite, but I did want to stop here.  We've a little ways to go yet." She hummed a consideration. "By the way, you look very dashing."
"Thank you." He all but mumbled.

Five
She led him along further, and it seemed again as if they were going to skirt the edge of town.  The buildings fell away, and they walked a straight path that cropped out over a piece of the swamp beyond.  It ended a little ways away from the last structure, an overlook that gazed over the bog.  Now the sun was very low, and the crickets were starting their leg violin symphonies.  There were some pests in the air, but Cecil kept them at bay with a little warding of his own.  There was a railing on the rounded overlook.  She leaned against it, and he did likewise.
"You wouldn't mind watching the sunset with me, would you?"
"I'd love to." He replied, "So this is what you do while everyone else sleeps?"
"Take in the scenery?  Yes, most of the time."
"I'm sure you've seen thousands of sunsets."
"I have.  Not so many with a red sun, though."
He took a glance at her. "It's beautiful.  It looks so much larger than the sun of Earth." He looked behind. "I'm surprised no one else came to see it."
"Nothing special for them."
"Well, that's fine.  The company is good."
She didn't look at him, but she smiled. "Say, Cecil," She asked, "would you stick around a while before you turn in?  It isn't the sunset I brought us here for."
Very sincerely, "I'll stay as long you want."
Time passed.  The brilliant red sun did its own turning in for the evening but not until after showcasing its brilliant auras against the tilted atmosphere.  Fireflies came out, and bullfrogs added a bass to the cricket choir.  What noise rose from the city behind had died down to nil.  The platform seemed to be a singular probe on an alien marsh.  Fatigue was slowly working into Cecil, but he flicked it away with a mental wrist stroke.  If they only just stood here the rest of the evening, not saying a word, he'd gladly trade that for a day of exhaustion come the morrow.
"There!" She pointed into the dark bog dotted by fireflies. "You see it?"
He did.  There was a light far back into the swamp.  To him it looked like a lantern which might hang at the nose of a ferryman's raft. "That's no firefly."
"I'm sure you've heard of it.  On Earth we called it Saint Elmo's fire.  I think that's actually for something else, but I remember everyone saying that.  They call it 'white gas' here."
"I've never seen it in person before." He had an urge to slide a little closer to her, maybe go for a hand.  He resisted the urge, not fully sure why. "I bet this reminds you of home.  I heard you were always the tomboy.  Sure you visited swamps after dark more than once."
"I'd always catch frogs and bring them home." Memories covered up her sights. "Dad always hated that.  Told me to act more like a lady, a fine southern belle."
"I think you turned out better than he ever could've expected." He was surprised the words weren't catching in his throat.
It sounded sweet to her, but she wanted just a bit more. "You don't think I should be a little more dignified?  A little more refined?"
Still not catching. "I think you're great just the way you are."
"Thank you, Cecil." What a turn, she thought. "Tired yet?"
"Yes." He said, "But I'd like to stay even so."
She knew he was holding back.  Knowing he was interested, she had staged the farewell at the station to throw him off.
They watched the fires together until the night was short.

Chapter Thirty-Four

One
At some point in the night, he told her he would get his rest on the train, and she didn't force him to sleep.
After the sun began rising on their backs, they returned to the room and grabbed their things.  The walk gave Cecil a second wind which he knew wouldn't last.  They boarded another train with fresh tickets and took their seats.  He sat by the window and expected her to sit across from him, but she decided to take the seat beside him, almost up against him.
He was drowsy, but he didn't think he could fall asleep just yet.  The closeness, he realized, was very nice now, as he could whisper right up into her ear if he wanted.
The train wasn't crowded, and it was quite quiet, peaceful really.  As he drifted away, Salina took her sketch pad and began drawing.
Two
In his dream he was in a pine forest.  The air was cool and smelled of autumn.  He was low to the ground and after lowering his head he realized he was standing on four legs.  He twitched his muscles.  They were all there but it seemed in different spots.  A tail was back there, and it amused him to wag it back and forth.  All was in order, for wasn't this how it always was?
A silver wolf appeared before him.  He knew it was a she-wolf just by the smell.  His tail wagged without his knowing.  She ran up to him and playfully rubbed the top of her head against his neck.  She nipped at one of his ears, backed away, and made to pounce.  They tussled for a few minutes.  It was wordless, but they understood one another.
Then more wolves came.  The pack was whole again, happily reunited.  They ran into the woods, following the scent of their quarry.  It was so simple and right.  That he had ever dreamed of being human with such arduous burdens and complex concerns.  It was ludicrous.  This was the truth.
Three
The train had begun its journey in his sleep and was still going when he woke.  Judging the sun, he supposed it must've been an hour or so after noon.  Cecil found himself leaning on the werewolf, and he had the smallest tinge of shame touch him.  Oh, give it a rest.  He thought, Be glad she didn't shake you off.  He straightened and took the weight of his head from her side.  He yawned and popped his back, the silken robe making a whooshing noise against the imitation leather seat.
"Feel better?" She asked, eyes never leaving her pad.  She was drawing the two of them from the night he'd chased after her.  It was far more detailed than the rendition he'd carved.
"Yes, just a little groggy."
She smiled, "You really should let me do something about that.  Sleep is such a waste, necessary or not."
"Well, I don't mind you keeping me up." He yawned again. "But before long, I doubt I'll be able to resist any of your offers."
She continued to draw.
"Salina?"
"Hmm?"
"What did you want to be before all of this?  I mean, before you met Hodge and Nelrene."
"You mean before my neighbors drove me out?"
He nodded.  The train hummed along.
"Not a lot of options.  I could've been a secretary, a phone line operator, or a homemaker.  Oh, well I suppose I could've been a nurse." She took herself from the drawing a moment and looked at her wizard companion. "You forget what era I hail from."
He shook his head. "As if that could've kept you down.  But that's not what I meant.  What did you dream of doing?"
"Ah, now that's a bit different.  Ever read the Tom Sawyer books?"
"The first one, I believe.  Why?"
"They were the first books I read without being told that I had to.  I wanted to go to all the places Tom had and paint them."
"Did you?"
"It was a long time before I did, but yes."
He looked at his sword.  It rested against the metal wall below the window, a reminder of where he was. "I'd love to see how you depicted them."
"I'd like to show them to you.  But I have a feeling it'll be gone by the time we get back to Earth.  Who knows how far away it is.  We have the time, but my paintings won't hold up forever."
"Sorry.  I'm the reason you all ended up here."
"Hmm, no, that's my fault.  Besides, there are things on this world that no one on Earth has ever gotten to draw.  It's refreshing."
"So where'd you go first when you left home?"
"Not to Mississippi or any of the other places I wanted to see firsthand.  I also wanted to see Europe and Asia.  People said those places were a great deal different than what I was used to seeing.  But I ended up doing exactly what you did after the turn.  I went looking for Hodge and Nelrene."
"I'd like to hear all about it."
"And then you'll tell me your story?"
"Before this, what was I?  Just a kid with a weak immune system, going to school and worrying about my future.  Textbook example, me.  You've seen the coming and going of generations.  And I'd love to hear your journey through them."
"Okay.  But it isn't a grand tale." She put the pad down and saw he was still intent on hearing her story. "So . . ."
Four
"They were well gone by the time I'd become a werewolf and gotten myself branded a witch.  As far as I could tell, they hadn't left a scent behind, but really I was just a pup.  I couldn't be too sure.  All I could say is that it looked like they were headed to New Orleans, so that's the way I headed.  I thought they could give me a little more direction, maybe take me with them.  It was too bad David didn't want to come along.  He was my best friend, and I pleaded with him to come with.  But I think he was afraid to be seen with me.
It was odd being on the road by myself.  I had, as you guessed, visited the local mud holes and bayous without escort, but that was all home turf.  As a woman, it was very much abnormal traveling a main road day and night alone.  But it was also exhilarating.  I never felt so free and independent as I did walking those first few days.  And my, it was great using my legs again.
I got down to New Orleans after about a week of walking, stopping here and there to see the sights.  No sign of the werewolves I'd met, so I was starting to wonder if they'd actually headed that way or not.
I hit the local attractions, asked a few questions, got a few answers.  Everyone I talked to seemed to think I was being rhetorical. 'Seen a pair of foreigners pass through, a man and wife?'
'Oh, yeah,' They'd say, 'damn pond skippers are all over.'
I think I turned over every rock in the whole city, looking for those two.  While I was at it, I received a myriad of offers from the local fare.  People asked me if I was lost and might need help home, or maybe I simply needed company to protect me.  I was actually asked a few times if I wanted to be 'one of the girls.'
I wasn't interested in the least, so I moved on.
I had better luck after leaving New Orleans.  Next place I ended up was a little village, and I can't remember the name.  What I do remember is someone there actually had taken note to the werewolves passing through.  It seemed like they didn't hold up in the city at all, just walked right on by.  So I was farther behind than when I set off, but I finally knew for sure I was on the right track.  They were headed west, so I followed.
A couple days later I found them, and despite how it seemed like I was chasing them, they hadn't been trying to escape me at all.  Just moseying along, they said.
I told them about what happened back home, how I'd come after them, and how I wanted them to explain to everyone that I was not some kind of Satanist.  I don't remember crying, but I must have, because I remember Nelrene wrapping her arms around me like she was my mother and Hodge standing by with reaffirming words.  I don't think I ever felt so confused since.
I traveled with them for a while, and they were both very sorry about how I'd been treated.  I don't think I was really mad at them, though.  I was just frustrated with the whole situation.
After some time, I started to feel better.
We rode in a car, and we saw an airplane.  I couldn't believe either of those things were possible.
The Great War had ended, the Great Depression came, and I volunteered with the Red Cross during the next one.  I got to see a lot of those places I wanted to paint, but I wish I could've seen them another way.  
In the early 80s, I went home and tried to find David.  I knew he'd be old, probably a grandfather.  I can't say I wanted him romantically, maybe at one time I did, but I wanted to see a remnant of my old life, if that makes sense.  I knew my father was dead, so I wasn't expecting to see him.  But I wanted to see David, wanted to see if he'd recognize me after all those years.
He died in the second World War, so his daughter said.  She asked me how a young doll such as myself knew him, and I lied.  I told her he was a friend of my grandmother's.
Maybe I had wanted him to be in love with me after all those years.  I knew he was smitten with me when we were children, and it surprised me when he wouldn't come with me.  I had a crush on him, too.  So maybe I should've been the one to say something.  Maybe he'd be on this train with us, if I had.  Or maybe we wouldn't be here at all.
I got into the technical age, and I focused my time on mastering digital art.  I traveled the world and took up photography.  It was nice, and it wasn't hard keeping up with the other werewolves.  The Internet was invented, and phones started getting convenient.
I came back to the States one summer and decided to walk up the Appalachian Mountains.  I'd never been to Maine before, and I wanted to see the fall and winter go by there.  While I was on my way, a clumsy teenager dropped his flashlight, and I ended up getting involved."
"So," She said, "now you know."
"I feel like you skipped a lot of details, even though you gave me plenty."
"You'll hear it piece by piece, in time." She picked up her sketch pad again. "You should get more sleep.  We still have a couple more hours to go."

Chapter Thirty-Five

One
He awoke with a chill and found himself leaning against the wall.  Salina was off somewhere, it seemed, and the booth felt vacant.  He peered out the window.  The train was moving much more slowly than before and on an upward slant.  Cecil saw a valley far below and some smoky clouds hovering between.  In the distance he could see the vast expanse of the mountain range they'd entered.  It curved to the right, which must've been north, all the way to the edge of the horizon.
He warmed himself up and yawned.  He ached a bit, but he felt rested.  It occurred to him that he had never asked about the region, and he was a little caught off guard to see the mountains.  He had been subconsciously expecting another desert.  It was a nice change, though.
He headed to the restroom to relieve himself.  Still no sign of the werewolf, he started to wonder where she'd gotten off to.  On the way he took note of the other passengers.  They were all terribly drab looking, and he wouldn't be surprised if each and every one of them was a geologist or a mountain climber.  Cargo pants, pocketed vests, and the color beige seemed to be their only known form of attire.
The lavatory was cold and smelled of oranges, but not in the fruity variety.  It was decidedly pungent and biting like cleaner fluid.  He did his business and washed his hands, partially amazed the faucet wasn't squeezing out ice chips.  He studied his false face in the mirror over the sink, definitely tired.  He splashed himself with the somehow unfrozen water and ran a hand under the motion detecting towel dispenser three times to get an appropriate amount.  It occurred to him after that he could've done without, an early morning mistake.
By the time he was back in the hall and turning toward his seat, Salina had returned and had the window.  He took her old spot and popped his back.
"We're almost there." She said, eyes studying the landscape.
"These people." He said, "They look normal to me."
"What do you mean?"
"Well, didn't Siegfried say this whole world was filled with the 'legions of hell'?"
"Oh, Siegfried." She tilted her head in a sort of half-shrug, "I think he's one of those glass-half-empty types.  Things are a little different here, but it doesn't seem much worse than Earth."
"That's what I mean."
"Or maybe he saw something we haven't."
"Oh?"
"I've noticed it for a while, but his timing is always strange.  He always seemed to tell Hodge news too late or way too early." She waved at the sky. "And where is he exactly?  You were there with him, weren't you?"
"Somewhere in between.  Purgatory of sorts, but I don't think it had much to do with our sins."
"And how did time work there?"
"I wasn't . . . well, I never took much notice.  I just sort of readied my mind to wield magic."
"I don't think he was seeing things just how they are, but it's hard to say."
Two
A few minutes went by with no noise, save the yammer of a few other occupants, but they seemed far off.   His body was adjusting to being awake, and he found himself no longer needing his magical aid to stay warm.  Then curiosity struck him again.
"'The Order' is that the original name?"
"Hmm?"
"I mean, it doesn't seem too clever.  I feel like Arthur would make a fuss about that."
"That isn't really the name.  It's just what we've taken to calling it, for sake of convenience."
"Then what is it really?"
She scratched her head.  It had been a while. "I don't remember exactly, but it was a Latin name or maybe Italian.  Or both.  Foreign language was never my strong suit.  It means 'The Order of Magic Wolves.' A kid could come up with that."

Three
The train stopped in Blackstone a little while later.  It was a small town on the way to the southern shore, and most of the occupants remained seated while new passengers boarded.  The ones that left were almost entirely the type Cecil had dubbed "wannabe archeologists."
The streets were cobblestone and chipped up from winter.  The whole town stood on a sort of slant with the mountainside, and the place was riddled with steps leading up to everything.  A statue of a pair of dwarves was at the center of the commons, founders from when the town had ore to mine.  The roofs were thatched with pitch and pine, and the largest part of each building was built into the earth.  There were people on phones and a few street lamps, but all in all, Blackstone was a town too small to fit the modern age into.
They stayed at a little inn.  Cecil slept and as far as he could tell, Salina either never left the room or she returned before he awoke.  It made him wake up easy, but it also made him feel a little selfish.  If he would just take the offer again, he wouldn't be burdening her with his need for rest.  What was he really waiting for?  There was something, or maybe there was nothing, so he thought he could wait at least as long as it took to figure out which.
Four
They picked up a local map and headed higher up to where the cobble gave way to small grassy pastures and trails that had once been cart tracks.  The thin mountain air was cool and steadily combed over the grasses and their hair.  It prickled the back of Cecil's neck with gooseflesh and ruffled his robe back and forth.
"Can you sense any wards?" Salina asked.
"No."
"What we're looking for will be behind one.  The caves around here were dug into and made into mineshafts.  Mostly.  But I think it'll be in one of the 'dry' caves.  There are still plenty of those."
"If it's anywhere nearby, it's being concealed by a strong spell."
"Well, I've got my walking shoes on.  How about you?"
"A nice hike should do me fine."
They were passing up the last stretch of grassy pasture before the mountain gave way to its exposed rocky core.  Cecil felt removed from it all, as if he were missing something.  It was like having his mind floating atop a puffy cloud that never knew the turmoil of being a thunderhead.
Shortly after walking up an old tram road, a path branched off to one side and up a short way to a little wooden gate.  Curious, Cecil stepped away from Salina and made to examine the passage.  He leaned over the gate and saw a quaint little cemetery, where a number of violet and white mountain flowers had been planted.  The headstones were old and worn, but he could read most of them.  There were only a little over a dozen total, and half belonged to one family
Five
After returning and walking up the tram a bit more, Salina bumped him with a hip and sent him stumbling to one side.  She didn't laugh, but he could see it on her face.  He tried doing the same to her, but his size prevented him from budging her stride.  Trying again, he added a gust of wind to the hip check.  With that, he managed to slide her to the edge of the road, where a steep grade waited.  He clasped his hands behind his back and made himself appear to be innocently studying the slope on his side.  He wanted to whistle, really ham it up, but he knew it would send him into a chuckle.
He enjoyed it the search.  Though, they hadn't actually accomplished anything.  They checked a plethora of hollows, but there were no signs of wards or anything magical.  She said it could take a few weeks to find it, a month even.  He wasn't opposed to having an extended stretch with Salina, but he also knew finding their quarry sooner would be better than later.
They set up camp in one of the vacant caves.  He started a fire and took a few rations from a sack he'd brought along.  If it took more than a couple days, he'd be cooking hares over these fires and eating berries.  As he sat on a stone he'd fashioned into the shape of a chair, he expected her to get restless and wander out, but she stayed.  It didn't even appear that she had much intention to leave him, and Cecil was fine with that.  Her company was reassuring.  He ate, and she looked over the map, scratching off locations they'd already been.
"So," He asked, "what are we looking to find behind this ward?"
"Hmm?" She looked up from the map.  Her emerald eyes were sharp in the flickering light of the fire.  Wolfish, one might say. "An artifact Dahzir made and couldn't destroy."
"Black crystal then?"
"Yep." Back to the map, but she kept talking. "With an interesting focal point.  The thing is a type of reverse horn, a funnel.  He never got it to work properly, so he sealed it away in the mountain here.  It took too much effort to uncover the files on it to let it slip away."
"What's it supposed to do?  Strike fear into the hearts?"
"It will, but as a side effect.  No, it's supposed to drain magical energies from wizards, rendering them powerless.  The notes we found on it had the thing referred to as the Soul Siphon.  Since he couldn't get it to work and he didn't want anyone else to have it, he had it locked away.  But if we could find it and use it, we could take away Malachi's sorcery.  He'd be nothing then."
"And why do I have this strange feeling that I'm going to be the one getting it to work?"
"Oh Cecil, for someone so clever, I'd think you would just let me make you immortal as soon as possible.  You're right, though.  It'll take a wizard to use it, and your potential has been . . . explosive.  To say the least.  You do realize that most of those cadets you went and trained with are just now learning how to project fireballs without hurting themselves?"
There was a piece of beef jerky stuck between his molars, and it made him reconsider that bit about immortality. "Well," He took a glance at her, but she was buried in the map, "I had and still do have some great motivation."
Six
He was nodding off in his chair, but at some point, maybe five minutes later, maybe an hour, he noticed Salina standing next to him.  That was enough to keep his eyes open.  He smiled up at her and sighed.  Again, he wondered what exactly it was that he was waiting for.
She put a hand on the back of the stone chair. "C'mere a second."
He complied, and she led him to a flat spot in the cave, still in the light of the fire.  The walk there was short, but it seemed to activate all the neurons and synapses in Cecil's brain.  His body still ached with worn muscles, but he knew he could stave off sleep a while longer.
"Lay down." She said, and of course, he couldn't refuse.  The stone was surprisingly warm, and she laid next to him.
She rolled onto her side and looked at his face.  Down here they were the same size. "How long do you think you can stay awake?" She asked.
He gave it some thought. "An hour.  Maybe more.  I'm pretty tired, but I think I can manage a while."
But sleep was closing in, and his eyes grew too heavy.  She leaned up over him, whispering in his ear. "I wish you could stay up all night with me."
Cecil fell asleep.

Chapter Thirty-Six

One
The next morning he awoke alone, the floor still oddly warm below.  The fire had died, and without its crackle the mountain sounded dead.  He left the shelter and looked down at the expanse of valley.  There was a fog rolling over the lowlands that seemed thick enough to swim in.  He thought it would be very fitting if the whole of the world had been swallowed up by some puffy sea overnight, and all that had been spared was this mountain.
As he stepped into the mouth of the cave with his pack, Salina strode up from the outside.  He nodded to her and gave a good morning.  She did likewise. "So, you check more caves while I was out?"
"Yeah," She replied, "looks like we'll have to try the other side of the mountain.  It figures, because they really didn't mine that side."
"No reason for kids to wander from the village there."
"That's what I'm thinking.  No reason for anyone to wander there, ever."
"And, I imagine, it won't be easy to get to?"
"No known paths lead there, not according to this map.  We'll probably have to climb over the peak.  Or we could go back to town and see if we can't hire a guide that would know."
Cecil shifted his bag and looked at the sword on his hip.  His eyes ran over the complex network of patterns on his robe.  It could be easy to forget he was a wizard. "I might be able to levitate us to the other side.  I'm not good at it yet, per se.  But, I might still be able to do it."
"Really?  It would save us time."
"Yeah, but it won't be a flight on first class."
"As if I care, but . . . will it wear you out?"
"Uhm, yeah it'll use up a good bit of energy.  I can pace myself, though."
"What happens if you run dry?" She knew the answer.
He shrugged. "We'll both fall and tumble down the mountain.  Your clothes with get all scuffed up, but you'll be okay.  Me?" He shrugged. "I just need to practice."
"That's not very reassuring, Cecil.  I think I'd rather try the guide."
He sighed. "It's not like my batteries are just going to quit all of a sudden." As if to reinforce the point, a chilly gust swept over the mountainside, snapping him into full wakefulness. "If I start getting tired, I'll let you know.  You could grab onto a rock or dig in with your claws or the sword and hold us there till I catch my breath."
She rolled her eyes. "Fine." She conceded. "But you had bettered know what you're doing."
"I've never needed to know that before."

Two
They found a spot where the slope to the other side was shortest.  She wrapped her arms around him, told him again not to overdo it, and he began ascending with her and their gear in tote.
The wall was almost at a ninety degree, so he had to stop hovering right over the ground and begin a direct rise.  He wondered what a spectator would think of this.  It must look like she's clinging onto an oversized luck troll.  The thought amused him and took his mind away from the strain he was beginning to feel.  The wind howled around them, and he did his best to stay steady, but it was slow going and the mountain seemed to stretch above him forever.
About halfway up he began breathing heavily.  Salina loosened her grip a bit and asked if he was going to make it.  He reassured her, but he was starting to wonder.  It certainly hadn't sounded like such a hard thing to do in the planning phase, but the execution part was taking its toll.
When they crested, he set them down on the peak.  The ground here was noticeably colder than it was below, and there was a distinct lack of soil and, by extension, vegetation.  He took a moment to catch his breath and take in the view.  It wasn't until the panting slowed down that he realized she was rubbing his shoulders.  And as if knowing this made it more affective, he felt a great deal of tension and ache leave him, although the strain he was under was very minimally physical in nature.
She stopped and patted his back, "You going to be alright?"
"Yeah, it's easier to descend anyway." He rolled his shoulders in a subconscious attempt to let the massage sink in further. "But I just thought, what's the plan to get back after we get down to that side?"
She got up and walked over to where the peak began its sharp drop.  She leaned over the edge, her sword raising like a crystal tail. "It doesn't look like either of us thought of that." She examined that side a few moments, poised as rigidly as a statue. "There are paths down there, old ones, but still.  People made them, and I doubt they floated over the mountain."
"I bet if there's no direct trail, there's probably a tunnel.  Could be caved in, though."
"That's possible.  Do you think we could manage with a cave-in?"
"You mean clearing one?  My telekinesis isn't so bad."
"Maybe we should just worry about it later, Cecil.  You're going to end up overthinking, and I don't think we're going to run into too much trouble getting back.  Finding the relic and breaking the ward are going to be challenges to think about."
He horsed his lips, stood up and stretched. "I remember when all I had to think about was whether or not I wanted to pack a lunch or eat the school slop.  I also remember worrying about shipments of chips and strung-out teens that puked on the floors."
"It sounds like you miss all that.  Guess you'll be going back to that after this is all said and done, right?" She was grinning at him.  It was mischievous.
"Oh yeah," He replied, "that was the life.  Not like this is a hundred times more interesting and enjoyable.  Nothing like that.  I really look forward to being on my hands and knees again with the smell of ammonia burning my nose."
"To each his own.  Maybe I can hook you up with a crystal mop set or a military grade floor buffer."
"Would you?  Those floors are a real battle.  Oh, and you should get me an enchanted black crystal trash can.  A few, even.  They have to be set to have no bottom.  And a security guard for the basement."
"Sure, I'll write that all off."
He walked over to the ledge and leaned over. "Eh, I think I might stick with this.  It looks and smells a lot better." He extended an arm to her. "Ready to get down there?"
"If you are."
He nodded.
Three
The descent was indeed easier, though he hadn't been too sure that saying so would make it true.  Even so, he took a few minutes to catch his breath.  The air filling his lungs seemed warmer than the air of the other side, and he wasn't sure if that was a symptom of pressing himself, or if it was actually from the temperature.
"You know," Salina said, already peering around for signs, "I used to be terrified of heights."
"Really?  I didn't take you for the fearful kind."
"I'm pretty sure everyone has at least one phobia."
"Do you still have any?  You don't seem too flighty around all these ledges."
They began on up the path. "A few." She said. "They aren't conventional fears like spiders and tight spaces."
"So then, you're afraid of clowns?"
"Oh yes, horrified."
"Really?"
"No." She shot him a grin, and he rolled his eyes.
"But seriously, what are you afraid of?  Outliving the world and being cursed to roam it forever?  That was something I'd been thinking of, when I was a werewolf."
They came to the mouth of a cave.  It steadily released a whooshing draft and appeared as if man may never have gotten his grubby hands on it. "Not really." She stepped in first and gave the air a whiff, shaking her head that nothing and no one had been in here for a very long time. "It doesn't go well, worrying about things so far off.  Right now I'm afraid you're going to get yourself hurt.  Looking down the line, I'm a little concerned we won't ever find a way home."
The cave narrowed, and he used his size to shimmy through a passage. "Dead end." He shimmied out. "It's like you said, though.  By the time we even could get back, you'll have lived here longer.  Think it might become home by then?"
"Do you really think this world could ever be home?"
He shrugged.
Four
There was no luck that day in finding anything but topics of conversation.  That night he sat and went over the map, and once again, Salina didn't seem willing to let him doze off alone.  She sat across from him, sword laying on the ground.  It was easy for him to forget how small she was in his false form and without the lengthy blade hanging on her back.  Here and there she poked the fire with her hands.  It was odd, but he supposed he would too, if burns were no issue.  When he was satisfied with the map and where they ought to head come dawn, he set it aside and smiled at her.  But she was looking solely at the fire, eyes downcast and a sour expression set upon her face.
"Salina?"
She looked up.
He walked around the fire and sat next to her. "I can't read your mind, but I still know something's bugging you."
"Perceptive, aren't you?  Can you figure out what it is?"
He scratched his chin.  It didn't itch, but it was a nervous tick, he supposed. "I can take a good guess.  Since, you did tell me your two present fears."
"I don't understand what you're waiting for.  You can keep it a secret from The Order all you want, but I saw how exhausting going over the mountain was for you.  If you'd have run out of steam, sure I could've caught you.  But not both of us.  We'd have both tumbled down the mountainside.  And I'd be holding your mangled body by the time we stopped."
There was a dam in his mind, and one of the levees was crumbling. "You're right, Salina.  You are.  I don't know what I'm waiting for, really.  I just got so caught up trying to help from the background." He sighed.  His cheeks felt like they'd been rubbed with red coals and his hands dipped in liquid nitrogen. "I'm just an idiot is all."
She wiped her eyes. "Yeah, you are."
He wanted to let her know how he really felt but knew he couldn't.  His whole head must've been dipped in magma.  His heart fluttered, and his breath felt light and airless. "Well, no more waiting.  Go on, do it."
Her eyes widened, and her lips parted in a smile. "Serious?"
"Yes.  I can't bear having you so worried." He tilted his head.  There were tears streaming down his face, from relief and happiness he guessed. "My throat's yours, Salina.  I offer it freely."
The smiled widened, and her face changed.  He had forgotten how strangely smooth the transformations were, and how fast.  Another blink, and her human head with its blonde hair and fair skin was replaced by a wolf's with brilliant silver fur.  She gleamed almost a gold in the light of the fire, and the light danced resplendently as she lowered her head to his level.  She pushed him over.  Her jaws open, revealing the razor white, and she descended on his neck.

Chapter Thirty-Seven

One
The next morning he awoke with a stiff neck, which didn't surprise him.  His plans were foiled last night, and he supposed Siegfried would be jubilant.  Cecil sat up, rubbed his neck, and felt the result of his perforated skin.  There was scarring on his throat, which wouldn't normally make sense.  The bite had been shallow, but it wasn't just a bite; it was a covenant.
He grabbed his things and concealed the scar with an illusion.  Doubtful anyone would see it before it cleared up on its own, but it couldn't hurt to be safe.  He walked outside, knowing she would be there to greet him.
"Morning!" Salina said, as Cecil stepped into the day.  Her voice was noticeably lighter, and it was obvious to him that a burden had been taken from her.
"Good morning!" And it echoed. "I hope you know you played me like a fiddle last night."
"I'm aware." She gave him a coy grin.
He shrugged. "Actually, I'm glad you did.  Just thought I'd let you know that I'm onto you."
She closed the gap between them. "Oh no!  What if you catch me?"
Two
As the day went on, he felt his vigor drain more swiftly than usual.  At first he assumed it was nothing but the exertions from the day before, but soon his body ached all over and he took to coughing.  It was nonsense, since he'd immunized himself to illness, and he had made sure to adjust himself to the thinness of the air.
They called it a day a few hours early, and he didn't resist the idea of it, couldn't.  He made a fire in a shallow cave, as per usual, and found himself soaking in its warmth.  He was shivering, and his lungs ached.  All his muscles felt tight and knotted, and it was all he could do to eat some rations.
Salina felt his forehead and bit her lip, "Cecil, you're burning up."
He took a swig of water.  He knew without it, talking would feel like chewing sand. "The thing is . . . I can't get sick.  I'm well aware of all the bacteria and viruses that come near my body, and I eradicate them.  All of them.  I don't know what this is, but I'm not sick.  There's nothing in my system."
"You're coughing, you're pale, you're running a fever, and you're fatigued."
He didn't want to go back.  By the time they could get to a hospital, he'd either be dead or immortal. "This isn't a side effect of the bite?  That's all I can think of." And it was hard to think.  His brain seemed to be in a pan, sauting itself in feverish juices.
"Possibly."  She lowered her head.  All that worry that seemed to have lifted from her from before reappeared.  It made her older. "There's another reason why we don't give out lycanthropy to those who seem to need or deserve it.  It's why they were mad at me at the start for not consulting everyone first.  I thought since you already had it, you wouldn't have the issue.  Cecil, it's usually lethal.  Instead of becoming a werewolf, most people die."
He leaned against the cold wall, hoping it would warm up soon.  There was something especially awful about being sick this time around.  Maybe it was the fact that he hadn't been ill in years, but he thought it was more likely the fact that he wasn't home.  He was on another world, sniffling and hacking.  No box of tissues, no glass of OJ.  Still, he had someone that cared about him, and he supposed that was most important.  It looked like he was going to be a martyr after all.
She sat and leaned with him. "I lied to you about David.  I never went back looking for him, because I'd already tried to turn him.  He died from it." Her eyes fixed blankly on the fire. "How bad do you feel?"
"Bad." He replied, "But I've felt worse.  A lot worse.  I think I'll be alright."
"Two more nights."
"And then no more worrying.  Do you think The Order will be happy to see me again?  I think the first thing I'll do is clobber Arthur over the head.  Just for laughs."
"They all miss you, even Arthur.  They'll be glad to know it's been you all along."
Three
There was a long silence as the two listened to the crackle of the campfire.  He was wheezing here and there, and she wasn't breathing at all.  Oddly enough, he was enjoying it, just sitting with her near.  He guessed when his body wasn't getting used, he could almost forget his aches and pains for her comfort.
"Salina?" He finally hummed, on the verge of sleep.
"Hmm?"
"Do you think there are other worlds out there?  We all wondered if there were any, and now we know there's at least one.  Since there can be two, don't you think it stands to reason there might be a third, a fourth, maybe hundreds?"
"Yeah, I guess there probably are more.  But I have to wonder if they're reachable.  Maybe there's only one per dimension, if those are even separate things."
"Siegfried told me something was coming."
"Oh, and what's that?"
"I don't know.  I saw on the news a while back that there's a comet coming by.  Wouldn't it be funny if it turned out to be something else?  Like a ship?"
She sighed.  It was something to consider soberly, but it was probably just his fever. "Yeah, that'd be something.  How about you get some sleep, and we'll talk more in the morning."
He hummed an affirmative and dozed on her shoulder.


Four
The next morning he slept in.  He wasn't happy about that, but he needed it, and she must've thought so, too.
"How are you doing this morning?"
"As good as I think I can be." He shrugged. "I've got a little get-up-and-go in me now.  Don't think it'll last all day.  In fact, I'll probably have to turn in early again."
"We should get you some help."
"How would we get back over?  Besides, if this is from the bite, I don't suppose anyone on Destursha is qualified to treat it." He coughed up some phlegm.  It was thick, dark, and tasted sickly of iron. "Not tonight but tomorrow night, we won't have to worry about it, right?  I can easily go that long without clerics."
The pacing was slow that day.  He ran out of breath after only a few minutes of walking, and she had to carry the bulk of the gear.  The coughing became persistent, and his lungs started to ache grievously.  He knew there'd be blood coming up with the phlegm.
In a strange way, though, it was interesting being this miserable.  It had been some years since he had a cold, and the most recent bout of physical pain had been smashing his toe in his apartment.  Not that he could say he'd miss this when it was over.  But it was an experience all the same, something to write about later.

Five
Later on, shortly before calling it quits, a concern struck him. "Salina," he asked, "you don't seem affected by magic, but can you wield it to any extent?"
She hardly seemed to be a person as much as a moving pile of packs arranged around a sword, but lo the mound speaketh, "I can light candles, maybe turn pages without touching them.  I just don't have much use for magic, and I'm told I don't have much 'aptitude.' Why do you ask?  Don't think I'll be much of a sparring partner for you."
"Oh, it's not that.  I was just wondering, because I'd never touched the stuff before.  I'm wondering if that was because I could or not.  You know it would be a little discouraging if I become a werewolf only to lose my wizardry.  I mean, I'd prefer the lycanthropy, but if this magic hasn't been useful."
"Making mountains out of molehills.  Nelrene and Marianna have a small penchant for the art, but the rest of us, excluding you, are pretty much hopeless in that department.  And that's a pretty normal margin to fall in.  When we started our training courses for mages, I did a little research into it.  One in five people can't use magic whatsoever.  Only one in a hundred can develop the skill.  About one in ten thousand can get it to a point of self-sustenance, like Dahzir had with his couple thousand year life.  It's one of the reasons clerics get paid so well and why militaries have always valued them.  They provide a unique skill.  I'm not sure what percentile you're in, but there are no records of anyone having such explosive growth with their skills.  You're where most skilled wizards are after a good forty years of specialized training."
"That is . . . very reassuring."
"That was the intent."
Six
That night, while he was having a bout of cold sweats, there was a buzzing sound coming from Salina.  It was a phone, he realized, almost forgetting the things were around.  She answered and walked to the entrance of that night's cave.  He was in a strange state of wakefulness right before slumber, where everything sounded louder.  It was obvious she was going for signal, not secrecy, and it seemed he could hear all the same.
"Yes, Hodge?" She said into the night.  A pause as she listened, and Cecil could not hear the ear speaker. "Yes, he is with me." A few more seconds. "Oh, don't worry.  I'm keeping a good eye on him, and he's behaving."  A long pause. "Really?  There isn't much mountain left to wander.  We'll probably have it within a few days." She started pacing back and forth, her free hand rubbing at her temples. "Can you get by without us?  You'll have to, but we'll be there as soon as possible." She stopped and sighed. "I promise you he isn't going to betray us.  No need to slap on a leash, okay?  Keep me posted.  We'll bring the siphon up, and this'll all be cleared up in a couple months." A lengthy pause. "Yeah, I wasn't expecting it yet, either.  Which, makes sense, doesn't it?  Anyway, I'll let you go.  Thanks for warning us.  I'll report in a few days." She came back in.
"You awake?" She asked the curled up ball.
"Yep."
"Did you hear?"
"Your half, yeah.  Being called back in early?"
"Malachi laid siege to Fraushein.  Our allies haven't been able to provide reinforcements, and we're losing ground."
"Never a dull moment."
"This is serious, Cecil.  People are dying."
"And there's not a thing we can do about it here.  We'll get this thing, we'll disable his army, we'll all eat cake."
"We're hardly cut out for this.  Hodge had some war experience on Earth, and so did the others.  It's different here.  People kill with their minds.  There are less tangible forms of warfare."
"If only the Leviathans would let us borrow the Phoenix.  They've been cooped up in that for a while.  And seeing that float towards Daskin would send a message, wouldn't it?"
"I think the generals are going to try and clean up the scraps from the war, let us fight each other, and then take over themselves.  I don't buy their statements about adherence to the king's postmortem fail-safes.  Telling us they'd concede after we overthrow the government, and I don't know what Malachi thinks about it, but I'm sure he knows more than we do."
"So, we're really fighting a couple wars?"
"Just get some sleep.  I need time to think.  Tomorrow night we'll have all the time in the world to bounce around ideas, but you have to get that far.  God, you look ill."
"Can I ask you something first?" The words were garbled, and he cleared his throat.
"Yeah, go ahead."
"Now that there's no turning back, I want you to be honest with me.  Ever since Garmond you've been showing me a lot of affection." He was already out of breath.  He wheezed. "Why?"
"What do you mean?  Because I want to."
"Yeah, and I'm grateful, but . . ." His throat was starting to hurt from the dry air, and he could feel the rise of blisters. "I don't know for sure why you want to.  I feel like I'm just an asset.  You don't have to lie to me if that's the case.  I can understand why you'd manipulate me, if that's all it was.  Bring me back into the fold."
"You're my responsibility.  Have been since we got here." She was sitting by him now, but he didn't seem to notice right off.
"Never mind.  I'll settle for that." He wanted to ask about the elf at the station and a dozen other things, but he refrained.  There was a sudden and immeasurable feeling of wrongness to his line of questions.
"You don't seem satisfied.  Why don't you get whatever it is off your chest?"
He smiled. "I would like to very much.  Maybe one of these days I will."

Chapter Thirty-Eight

One
Cecil awoke gasping and coughing in some wee hour of the night.  Salina was nowhere to be seen, and he had the horrible sensation that he was about to suffocate.  Blood came with the phlegm, to his dismay.  He rolled over toward the wall and began gagging.  His throat seemed to shorten, there was a small acidic sensation, and then he was emptying his gut on the ground.  The gagging was so overwhelming that he could feel his face fill with that blood of his, and the choking feel came into full force.  Some moments went by, and he wondered what would happen if he was not able to draw breath in again.  It would go out and not return.  Just a few more hours.  He thought, though another day looked a lot like an eternity.
The choking stopped.  He continued to cough, but in the moments between, he took in shallow gasps of air.  That too slowed, and he regained some stability.  He felt his forehead, it was hot and drenched in sweat.  The hand shook of its own accord, and it dawned on him that he was freezing.  He crawled closer to the fire, wondering if another day would be possible.  He reached over into a knapsack, a feat far more grueling than it should've been, and withdrew a canteen of water.  He drank, and it hurt.  There were blisters in his throat now.
He faded in and out of consciousness, mostly in, for a few hours.  He didn't feel like he was getting worse, and experience told him early morning and late evening were the worst times for sickness.  He'd pull around come noon and be flying high until later that night.  Of course, come night this would go away.
Unless it doesn't.  Unless it kills you.  Maybe here, you'll just die, no turning.
He pushed the thoughts away.  If that was the case, it was too late to do anything about it.
Two
Salina walked in, face like a stone. "Oh good, you're up." She frowned. "How are you feeling?"
He shook his head.
She noticed the vomit in the corner, sighed, and went to him. "Just a little while longer."
He opened his mouth, and the cool air stung.  He couldn't clear it this time.
"Let's not worry about it right now.  How about you stay here today?  Take it easy, and I'll go searching.  It'll be harder, because I can't detect it like you, but I'd rather you not complicate your condition.  If I don't find it, we can look together tonight.  If I do find it, I'll let you know."
"You think I'll die, don't you?" He swallowed, and did it ever hurt.
"No." She lied. "Not if you stay here and keep warm."  But she thought he might anyway.  All she could do was hope he'd stick it out a little while more.
He nodded, keeping the moisture in his mouth.
"Unless you want me to stay here.  Keep an eye on you like Hodge wanted." She smiled, but it was a front.  If he wanted her to stay, then he was in worse shape than she thought.  If he told her to go, and she did, she wouldn't feel right about leaving him.  No winning here.
He motioned toward the entrance with a tilt of the head.
She made for the exit but decided to only pretend to leave.  To hell with the urgency of the siphon.  She rounded the outside and waited for him to fall asleep.  It didn't take long.
Three
The fever dreams started mild.  Wispy scenarios like getting a license picture, seeing that the new president of the U.S. was an aemon, and celebrating his cousin's thirtieth birthday, even though they were the same age.  It went downhill from there.  There were dreams about being lost in caves, dreams about spiders crawling into his mouth, and half lucid ones where he was compelled to hurt someone he didn't want harmed.  Most of it was gobbledygook, but it descended down to a grounded place.  And the nightmare began.
He woke up in a posh Victorian room.  He crawled out of a beautifully gilded mahogany bed, and it seemed like it was his.  He looked down at his bare legs, his bare human legs, and the striped boxers.  They were Fruit of the Loom, not a brand he thought he'd be seeing again.  Outside the wind was howling, and though the room was bright with curtains drawn, he felt the night.
He got out of bed and walked over to a dresser.  The top drawer had shirts, middle pants, bottom socks and underwear.  Everything was neat and orderly, dusted and arranged to perfection and not without a citrus scent.  He heard voices coming from outside, and it seemed a long ways off.
At the door was a pair of sneakers, not surprisingly bearing a check mark on the sides.  He put them on and stepped into a candlelit hallway.  The architecture screamed of Earth, and the product placement reinforced the feeling.
One side of the hall was a wall of windows, displaying a courtyard with assorted flowers and a fountain.  There were statues and hedge trimmings, and he did not care.  He felt rather good, healthy even.  Whatever sickness he'd gone to sleep with was long gone.  That begged the question, just where had he gone to sleep?  There was an odd knotting sensation in his gut and a tide of dj vu.  It had to have been here in this . . . manor.  Somehow, though, that seemed wrong.
The place was eerily deserted, as he checked each bedroom, bath, ball, and kitchen.  Hours melted away as he looked for life, or at the very least a way out.  He could find neither of these, and all he got was a growing sense of unease.  He knew someone was here.  There was no corporeal feeling to indicate that, but he knew.  The way a mother knows when her children are lying, or how certain clerks know when a robbery is about to happen.
The upstairs and first floor were vacant, and he had an urge to go into one of the empty rooms, hide in the closet, and wait for something.  He had to go into the basement, though.  Had to.  Because . . . he just had to.  But it also seemed wrong like it was a trap.  Yes, don't let it come to you.  You go to it.  What "it" was his subconscious would not elaborate.  He no longer felt comfortable walking around unarmed and was a little disappointed he hadn't found a sword hanging on a wall.  But, why would he carry a sword?  That was dated tech, and he had no idea how to wield one properly.  Certainly a gun would be better to defend him from . . . and again, the mind went blank.
The basement entrance was in what he supposed was a parlor, or was it a bureau?  This was not his element, but whatever it was called, it seemed odd that no doors led outside.  He descended a wide set of steps with blood red carpeting into the belly of the mansion.  The carpets in the rest of the house had been a somehow distinguishing looking brown, and the change of color ran a chill up his spine.  It made change.  It meant that if he found no one above and no way out, he would find something down here.  And some sage and primal part told him that he may not want to find what he was going to.
The walls were lit by candles, dimly flickering flames casting stark shadows upon what had become stone walls.  There were electric lights embedded in the ceiling and switches to match, but these did not seem related to one another.  There was no tangible power, but Cecil knew there was some kind of energy crackling about.
He tried using his magic, but he couldn't.  It reinforced the idea that he might be back on Earth, but where else would he have ever been?  He could swear there had been another place, felt it with that primal gut, but the feeling seemed to be weakening, dying.  And for that matter, wasn't magic just some sleight of hand, smoke, a rabbit or two and sleeves?  All at once, he was quite positive he was insane.
Though, he had been somewhere else, and there had been magic.  It was like remembering a dream that had been forgotten for years.  It was all bleeding up to the surface.  The werewolves, the people, the dying and coming back.  It was foggy and not altogether there, but it left him wondering how he ended up here.  Somewhere here there had to be answers.  He kept going, and as he did, his skin began to feel quite alien.
He observed some paintings on the walls, nothing he'd ever seen before.  Part of him thought the landscapes were in Europe and Asia, since he'd never been.  That wasn't right, though.  The places depicted were not on Earth.  There were gorgeous cities and emerald oceans, and people as fantastical as fairytale characters.  If any of it was real, whether he'd ever seen it firsthand or not, he would've read about it.
He had a sinking feeling, as though he were falling into himself, into madness.  He hastened his pace.
Five
At the end of a hall was a double set of ebony doors with golden trim and silver handles.  The wood had been carved in the fashion of exquisite swirls and branching arcs.  It looked very much like a sculpted mural of tree roots, and the curved surfaces gleamed with polish.  It drew in attention like a black hole draws in light, and he felt compelled to see what was on the other side.
The doors were surprisingly heavy and at first refused his efforts.  But after applying a little more pressure, a little more intention, they pushed open.  Light flooded out from between before settling, and he saw what was inside.
There was a man standing at a table.  Iron sconces lit the room, and the firelight made him appear as a statue.  On the table was a map with little red and blue pins scattered about at different points.  The man wore an embroidered green robe.  There was a monogram on the chest with the letter "M" in red surrounded by white fire.
The man looked up from the map.  His face was sharp and angular, his ears long and pointed, his long hair as silver as polished steel.  He was an elf, Cecil knew.  But not like the others he'd seen, or perhaps dreamed of.  Yes, this man was narrow, but he seemed tightly packed, spring-loaded as it were.  There was no trace of weakness in any form about his posture, and his eyes matched the robes, a twin set of green jades.
"Oh." He said.  His voice was deep and graveled, paralleling his refined looks. "I wasn't expecting you.  I've been trying to summon you, but you've resisted.  I see you're even farther away now, so I suppose something has you ailed.  It's very bad form for a mage to take ill, you know."
The words seemed heavy, but Cecil forced them out. "Who are you?"
"Malachi Hierophante.  I once went by the name Ashtoreth, but that's archaic.  No one will recognize me by that these days." He made a sweeping motion, and all the flames died.  Electric ones switched on, and darkness was banished. "And you go by Xavier Pontius.  Don't look surprised, please.  It's only natural for enemies to keep tabs on one another.  Your real name, and this is a surprise to me, is Cecil Fauden.  I had no idea.  Truly, you are a wonder.  Saying it's rare to die and come back is, of course, an understatement.  You'll have to tell me what it's like sometime."
"Why am I here?"
"Because I want you here.  I've wanted to talk with The Order's new colonel for some time.  I thought maybe I could persuade you to take my side.  I hope you don't see this so black and white, that I am the bad guy, and The Order represents good.  I just want my side to be heard."
Cecil's eyes furrowed.  This whole situation seemed off.  If it was real, it was real.  If it was a dream, then it would just need to run its course. "I couldn't turn on them, if that's what you want.  You'd be wasting your breath to try."
"I know." Malachi replied.  His face drooped, and it looked very much like genuine disappointment. "I wouldn't ask you to.  When I thought you were freelance, I had hopes to have you see things my way, but I couldn't ask you to betray your friends. 'Victory won by evil is banished in the swift dawning light.' It's a quote from Faust, one of the first and greatest crystal architects."
Cecil shrugged. "If you can't convince me, I'd like to leave."
"I'm not evil, Cecil.  I want you to understand that.  I've been gathering forces for a very long time, because I was disgusted by the way the late king treated his dominion.  I planned on overthrowing him and championing a new era of freedom."
"If that's true, why did you attack Fraushein?  We have little claim over this world, so I don't see why this can't be resolved peaceably.  What's your angle?
"I need the full support of the Leviathans.  They've promised it, if I take care of you and yours."
"They've made a similar deal with us."
"And I have no doubt that someone greedy in their ranks will try to clean up what's left of the winner.  I am prepared for that.  Are you?"
"We adapt."
"You've lost your powers, haven't you?  You're a superb mage, but you've lost what made you like the others.  It was taken from you when you died, was it not?  Is it true that your friends can bestow it on others?"
"Yes, but it doesn't usually take."
"You aren't convinced of my merits, because we are enemies.  I understand that, but please, I mean no ill-will toward you and yours.  This is simply the way of things." He drew a sword from under a fold of the robe.  Green crystal. "I don't suppose you'd forgive me for this, but, we are enemies after all.  And the less loss I have after this war, the better a chance I'll have of annexing the Leviathans and uniting Destursha.  You'll get in the way, because it is your duty." He took a step around the table. "I don't do this out of greed, or anger, or insanity.  This is necessity, and I am sorry." He advanced.
Six
Unarmed, Cecil instinctively turned and fled from the room.  The elf was fast at his heels and casting magic.  All the memories which had seemed faint before were bright and to the forefront.  His strength was still meager in the arcane elements, an effect from whatever sickness was claiming him.  However, he managed to keep his back from being accosted.  He wasn't sure where he would go, wasn't even sure if this was real.  A part of him wondered if he could even be hurt here.  Sure, he was in his human form, but he thought it was some conscious projection.  That his actual body and tether to the mortal realm was likely safe occurred to him, but the risk was great, and testing it sounded unwise.
In this form he had a good stride, and after a little jaunt he seemed to lose the governor.  He stopped to catch his breath around a corner, listening for footsteps.  He heard some running down another corridor and knew he had a few moments to rest.  Whatever spell had him here needed to be broken, but he wasn't so sure he had the strength for it.  And if this was all real, he could be a few moments from death.  He listened, and he heard echoing steps a ways off.  Good.  He said a short prayer, since it seemed like the best time for it.  As usual, he felt a tinge of guilt for waiting until he was in crisis for it, but it was better done now than never.
In an instant there was a green blade coming into his field of vision from behind.  Instinctively, Cecil raised his arms, and he did so just in time.
The blade pulled back quickly and sliced open his forearms.  Had they not been there, it would've been his throat.  He yelled in agony as hot blood, his blood, poured from veins that were only there in essence.  The pain of it was all very real, and he slammed back with all his weight into Malachi.  The governor tried to grab on, but Cecil thrashed and sent the elf sprawling.
At this point Cecil realized he was going to bleed out.  Not as fast as he would've, but fast enough that this battle was essentially over.  He turned around, determining to take the governor with him, and tackled the elf while he still had strength in him.
Cecil somehow managed to knock the sword away, and it fell to the red carpet.  His blood was trickling out, and his fingers were starting to numb, his head getting lighter.  If he could just wrap his hands around the throat for a few minutes, it would do.  Then he could die.  He could die again.  A passing consideration went by, while he was lowering two bloody hands to the elf's neck.  It always had to be gory when he went, didn't it?
Unsurprisingly, the elf threw Cecil off with a gust of magical force.  And with that, all his hopes were dashed.  He fumbled backwards, distancing himself enough that the next swing couldn't hit him.  All he could do now was buy a few more seconds.  Cecil wasn't sure just how much fluid he'd lost, but he supposed he would probably be dead already or at least passed out if it weren't for the adrenaline pumping through him.
Malachi grabbed his sword and quickly got to his feet.  Cecil felt an overwhelming rush of stupidity and shame wash over.  He'd forgotten in the heat of it that the sword had been up for grabs.  He could've gone for that instead of scrambling, and then maybe . . . but it wouldn't do to regret it now.  Too late to mope.  If he could just break this spell.
Cecil began hobbling away as quickly as his oxygen starved muscles would let him.  Numbly, he felt a hand grab his left shoulder.  He knew that in a moment that sword would go right through his back.  He wasn't going to have another chance to tell Salina how important she was.  He wouldn't get to tell Hodge he'd come back from the dead, wouldn't even get to clobber Arthur over the head.  He'd never see Earth again.  In a fraction of an instant, he considered all the ways he failed and how if he'd only listened sooner.
Time was at a crawl, and he could feel the blade move forward, but it was off course.  Instead of piercing his back, it went by his side.  The flat of the blade was cold, even outside his shirt, and Cecil turned to see a shocked Malachi stumble toward the wall, sword flying off.  He was being attacked by a great black wolf.
"The hell?" Malachi blurted and furiously began casting any detrimental spell he could imagine at the beast.  It didn't seem affected and tore one of the sleeves. "Hellhound, I banish thee!" And again, it did not care.
This beast's back was higher than Malachi's head.  It was larger than a draft horse, somewhere between that and a van.  Its eyes were blazing blue and possessed a sharp intelligence.
It didn't seem to hurt Malachi, but it drove him away.  The wolf was growling, and it sounded muffled.  Cecil knew he was going to faint soon, but he tried concentrating on the wolf.  It was, he realized, a part of him.  And it had come when he needed it, whether or not that would matter, he was unsure.  It turned to him and charged.  Cecil didn't flinch or throw up his arms.  This wasn't an attack; it was his strength coming to him.
It grabbed Cecil firmly in its jaws and ran with him, the way a mother wolf might carry her pups by the scruff of their necks.  Its breath was warm against his burning arms, adding to the heat.  And though its teeth were like razors, they didn't cut his skin.  Cecil watched the hallway fade to black behind his wolf.  He wasn't sure if he would live or not, but it seemed he wasn't going to die here.

Chapter Thirty-Nine

One
Salina was leaning over him.  Her hands were holding both of his, and she was biting her lip.  He sat up like a shovel that had its head stepped on, throwing her off and making her let go.  A horrific pain radiated from his core to his outermost being, seemingly ripping through his soul itself.  He wasn't aware of location anymore, and it didn't matter.  The first change was coming.
He grew in size and changed to his human form, screaming with blinding agony driving him.  He hadn't taken his clothes into account as usual and didn't alter them with his body, so his robe tore around his expanding torso and arms.  His pants did likewise, and his shoes popped off.  His hands curled up and released, tendons like coiled steel.  His nails changed from clear to black, got longer, and became sharp.  His jaw popped and elongated, as fur began sprouting up from his skin.  His teeth changed, getting longer and pointed.  A tail fell out the back of his pants, and his ears took canine form.
The pain receded, and he was left panting.  Then the panting stopped as did his need for the oxygen.  He smiled with razor canines hanging from his gums and glowed for a moment in his new energy.
Two
In the next moment Salina had her arms wrapped around him, lifting him off the ground and not holding back.  She put him down, and he did the same to her, whirling her around in the firelight.
"I didn't know if you would pull through." She said and wiped a tear from her cheek.
He held her close. "Thank you, Salina.  For everything."
A few minutes passed, and he got a feel for his new body.  She took the sword he'd left her, walked up to him, steadied herself, pulled back and let loose a mighty swing.  The sword hit him with a thunder, and he was launched into the air.  He sailed from the cave before landing and tumbling down the incline a few hundred yards to a flat spot.  He stood, dusted himself, and there she was in front of him.
"That's what I wanted to do in Garmond." She said with a wry grin.  It was dark, but his vision was impossibly sharp.
He looked further down the slope.  There were no more flats for quite a distance. "I think I'll fall right off the mountain if you do that again, and besides-" He tackled her.
He mended his clothes and reverted to his human self.  He was going to change again to novian, but Salina convinced him to stay as he was for a little while longer.  When their gear was in hand, they started searching again.  He felt utterly explosive.  It seemed like a lifetime ago when he'd been like this, if ever.

Three
On the northern continent, inside his manor, Malachi picked himself off the ground.  The creature that had attacked him disappeared along with his summoned guest.  It hadn't broken his skin because of a ward he'd placed over himself, but it had both startled him and had an upper hand in the fight.  He looked at his hall.  There were vases shattered on the floor, paintings knocked off their mounts, and some impressive claw marks in the carpet.
If the corridor had just been a bit narrower, the wolf wouldn't have fit.  He sighed.  Nothing to do about it, and he sensed that wherever Cecil was now, he was more than recovered.  So, there went that stratagem.  He repaired the torn sleeve the same way his guest just had done and went down the passage.
Unlike what Cecil had seen, there were plenty of exit routes.  He had made sure to veil these from the human, in case the passive spell did succeed in summoning him.  Malachi banished the spell.  Cecil would wreak havoc, were he to return.  His composure returned, he laid his hands on the doors leading out to the rear veranda and pushed them open.
To his right and left were stationed guards.  The left one, not prepared to see the master, chirped nervously, "Sir!" A hastened salute, and his tone flattened. "Are you done reflecting?" The other remained silent.
"Yes." But this was not entirely true. "I had a chat with a guest I summoned.  Things became heated, and there is some cleanup down the hall.  Have someone take care of that.  I'm going to think about the conversation for a bit."
"Are you hurt, sir?  And also, were you able to dispatch the assailant?"
Malachi thought it was dully ignorant of the guard to be so quick to take his side, but loyalty was valuable. "I am fine.  But no, he was able to break my summons before I could overwhelm him.  For all I know, that may be for the best.  Now go.  I need some time."
They obeyed, and he stepped up to the railing.  There were monorail trains rumbling on a network of tracks above the streets.  On the streets themselves were a hustle and bustle hive of pedestrians and vehicles.  Daskin was one of the few places citizens were permitted to drive in the North.  The licenses were hard to obtain, but even so, many had them here.  Most of the buildings were crystal, many of which in the style of stained glass.  The "cheaper" structures were obsidian or marble.  The city was sturdy, enormous, and beautiful.  It was an hour after dusk, but the city was aglow with brilliant green light.  It bounced off the cobble streets and crystal walls like a warm mint sun.  He looked down on it from his vantage point, the highest point of the mesa upon which the city had been built.  From here, he could see beyond the city's walls and to the flatlands beyond.  Out there, there were copper mines and one of the world's six race tracks.  It would be a shame, he knew, if the war came here.  This city had withstood the harshest hells of each era.
He sighed and collected his thoughts.


Four
Cecil and Salina headed up an old tram road, one of seemingly a thousand.  He was buoyant and jogging, but she was setting the pace.
"Do you feel anything that might be a ward?" She asked.
"No.  I think it's been obscured." They were making great time compared to the days before.
Over the course of a few hours, they covered the ground of a week.  Shortly after dawn, they found their quarry.
A collapsed cave entrance with an old tin sign placed in front wasn't a shining beacon, but it had a pulse.
They started clearing the rubble from the cave mouth and unceremoniously tossed the debris down the mountainside.  There was a slight odor in the air he thought he recognized, but he couldn't place it.  A little ways in he found another sign, the text upon which was still legible, though seemingly misplaced.  He stopped his clearing and read it aloud.
"And when all the men gathered together in that place, they left the stone there, Dahzir's Brace.  Then Borthir and Enthir butted their heads, for they were dwarven newlyweds.  And came then many to see this joyous ceremony.  But it was not their intention to give away their master's secret, so they sealed the chamber without regret.  And the stones tumbled down upon their heads."
"Think that means anything?" Salina asked.
He shrugged.  He was about to toss the sign with the rocks, but then he grabbed up one of the bags and placed the tin inside.  Maybe it did mean something.
They went back to work.
Five
It took some time to clear what had fallen, and even after being able to see into the depths of the cave, it was impossible to say if this was the right place.
She asked again, "Feel anything?"
"Not magically, but yeah in my gut I do."
"Well, lead the way."
He did and conjured up a bright white orb of light to go out before him.  The cave definitely held a familiar scent, but its origin was lost to him.  It began descending sharply into the mountain, so they left their things behind by the entrance.  The walls and air seemed particularly cold, and there was a presence about the place as if it had been visited recently.
Down one particular slope he lost traction and slipped on ice.  Not yet readjusted to his strength, he overcompensated and kicked out with the rogue foot.  It struck a rock and sent his prone body lunging up into Salina's shins.  She tripped over him, and he missed the rock on the way back.  They both tumbled down the dark incline, his orb of light autonomously illuminating the path ahead of the Jack and Jill duo.
Before he fully registered what had happened, she was on her feet and moving into the recesses of the light.  She stopped and drew her sword, holding it before her.
"I thought I smelled something." She said.
"I did too." And then he saw it.  His light took on a greater brilliance, and the chamber they were in glistened a pallid violet.  Toward the far side was a sleeping dragon twice the size of a train cab.  Its scales were green upon its back, golden down its belly and shone finer than polished brass.  It didn't seem to be breathing, but it also didn't seem dead.  He guessed it could be frozen or in some stasis, but there was an odd darkness to it.  Normally he could probe a living thing, but it was as if it did not even exist.
She walked along one side and he the other, meeting up at the inanimate occupant.
"This is it." He whispered, uncertain if that mattered. "This isn't the ward I was expecting, but this dragon has the Siphon."
"Your gut again?"
"No, I'm positive now.  I'm trying to get a read on it.  Just the smallest bit of info would do, like how old it is or what gender, but it's not 'here.'" He turned to her. "You've always been under my radar, but if I concentrate, I can identify your unique presence.  Same with the rest of The Order and their magical resilience.  This," He looked at the dragon's head, a massive construct of scale and flesh, "well, it might as well be an illusion.  Actually I could 'feel' an illusion.  It's like trying to sense without my powers."
"Is it alive?" She reached for its nose, but as she did there was a great static discharge.  After a deafening crackle and a light brighter than Cecil's, she was thrown back by a shockwave.  The pulse knocked him back as well and broke his balance.
The dragon awoke.

Chapter Forty

One
It rose and shook like a dog repelling water from its coat.  A dust fell into the air, and it whisked it away with a gale-force flapping of its wings.  Its jaw opened, displaying a set of fine whites, and popped in a yawn.  It arched its back and stretched.  Once it had fully adjusted itself to the waking world, the dragon opened its cavernous maw again and let out a low and steady roar.
Great lights filled the chamber, and the violet aura became stronger, drowning out Cecil's own source of luminescence.
"Why have you woken me?" The dragon asked.  Its voice was smooth and melodic, sounding the most delicate bit male. "No, do not give me your reasons.  I've been asleep long enough that anything you answer with will be irrelevant." The dragon's head swayed from Cecil to Salina and back.  Its flecked orange eyes were sharp, wise, and tired. "Please, leave me to rest again."
Salina had her hands on her hips, unimpressed. "We're looking for an object called the Dark Siphon.  We believe it's here, and we have need of it."
The dragon sighed, and light tendrils of smoke drifted from its nostrils. "That is the only reason you could've given that would cause me alarm . . . and it's the one I expected.  What you want is here, but I cannot give it to you, for my master tasked me with its protection."
"Your master has passed on." Cecil replied. "Dahzir is dead.  Are you bound by the unliving?"
"I know he is dead.  You are the one that killed him, and you also killed my brood sister along with her hatchlings." The dragon watched Cecil's expressions. "But, I also know why you did these things.  Defense for you and your friends.  I cannot be upset with you for that.  As for the item you seek, my master's absence does not negate my duty, for he planted it in my body before I retired to this den.  To take it would require you to kill me."
"Well . . ." Salina held up her blade.
"Hold on." Cecil said. "Dragon, what is your name?"
"Oh?" The dragon tilted its head up. "Shall we become friends?  I am Pytmos, Son of Aria and Malthios.  Master Dahzir saved me from poachers when I was but a scaling, and I served as his hunting scout many years thereafter.  In return for my loyalty, he blessed me with clairvoyance and his artifact.  There, I have given you my name, and I've told you who I am.  I know your names and your deeds, and I fear for my task, as I know I cannot merely silence your spells and scorch you as I could the mortals."
"You're far nicer than your master." Salina remarked.
Pytmos inhaled deeply, drafting the air of the cave. "Dahzir was once a kind and gentle man.  He never hunted animals that had 'more life to live.' I saw him on many occasions release creatures he deemed too young and vibrant to be cut down.  When he did take life, he always made sure there was no pain involved whatsoever, and he would send soothing magicks to beasts as they passed.  His men loved him, and he was a loyal and devout family man, though he never had children of his own.  Dahzir always put others before himself, and he adored his wife."
Cecil and Salina shared a glance at one another.
"I slept through these last few hundred years, but I saw in my dreams what became of my master.  It was known that Trothos was draining the life of his nephew to secure his place as king.  What people don't know, because it happened too slowly for them to see, is that what Trothos really did was poison Dahzir's soul.  After Yena died, a suspicious death if ever there was one, my master became especially susceptible to his uncle's influence.  Oh, he held onto his free will but at the cost of his morals.  I wanted to leave this place and lend him aid, had reached out to his soul with mine, but he always reminded me to stay.  I believe he wanted me to avoid him because of what he was becoming.  He saw where he was going.  The Dahzir you knew is not the one I knew, and I would honor his last request to me."
Salina was a statue.  It seemed she didn't even breathe until she needed to speak, which, Cecil reminded himself, was very possible.  She commented, "You're awfully talkative.  The few dragons I've seen just growl like animals."
"We were once an intelligent race, yes.  But we were scattered to the winds and made primitive so that we could be hunted as beasts without remorse.  That happened after man discovered magic and grew strong enough to fight against us, but that is an old fairytale I don't want to tell again.  Not now.  What will you do?  Will you go on without my master's relic, or will you slay me in order to rip it from my lifeless carcass?  I will fight, but I know what I'd be matched against.  What is it then, can you leave without the treasure you seek?"
Cecil dispelled his light.  No more need for it. "You said you could silence the spells of those who'd come here to take the Siphon.  Does that mean you can use it?"
Pytmos nodded, and it was an odd gesture.  His long reptilian neck did not bob up and down but rather undulated like the coil of a snake.
"Would you come to our aid then?  It doesn't matter who has it, so long as it can be used against Malachi."
"Malachi is a good man even to this day.  He was one of my master's closest friends."
Cecil and Salina shared another glance.
"If I agree to help you, will you promise to do no harm to him?  I will continue guarding this relic within me, and I would like very much to preserve my master's friend.  He was my friend as well."
Salina sheathed her sword and threw her hands out in a "whatever" manner. "This isn't what I expected to find here," She said, "but the results are the same, I guess.  I don't see why we couldn't spare him, especially if he's as fine as you claim.  Then you'll help us?"
Cecil guardedly thought about his encounter with the governor and added nothing to the conversation.
"Yes, I will help you come to peaceable terms.  Thank you for being reasonable."
Salina walked over to Cecil and gave him a clap on the shoulder. "Bet this wasn't what you expected either, but to be honest," She looked at Pytmos, "I was expecting a lot more hassle any which way things went.  This was nice."
Pytmos's tone was tired, relaxed by the mood. "I only leave this cave a few times a year, and the next time was approaching soon.  If you want my help, I'll need to fly up to Atticus.  Right now, I don't have the energy to do that.  I need a few days to eat and gather my strength."
A sense of dread ran over Cecil like a bucket of ice water.  He tried shifting back to novian but could not. "Did you . . . ?" He looked up at the dragon.
The reply, "I did not drain your powers."
Salina concealed a smile.  She knew this would happen.
Two
Mara and Gabe, having been sent to Ceres (a city occupying a tropical island) to investigate Leviathan interest in the war, were on the cusp of finding the truth.  It was hard enough to share information, when utter secrecy and discretion was needed, and their orders had them staying at separate locations with as little communication between.  Even so, Scylla's headquarters were in the business district.  It was believed that the executives of the company would be chummy with military commanders and know sensitive subjects more intimately.  Their mission was, so far, quite successful.  The company was profiting from deals with the new Grand General, a dwarf named Banix Frendt.  In exchange for cushy amounts of lucre, Scylla was ensuring a swift victory for the Leviathans in their "cleanup" of what remained of The Order and Malachi's army.  That was the belief, and they were here to prove it one way or the other, and they were close.
Mara was meeting with a contact from within Scylla who promised to get them IDs and upper level access cards.  Gabe was standing guard outside the coffee shop where the exchange would take place.  For insurance measures, they hadn't informed the contact about both of them being present.  Though, it was a public place, neither of them had felt at ease anywhere in the city.  It was as if they were being watched, a normal sensation when doing covert operations.  That feeling was stronger here than anywhere else.
The square in front of the shop was bustling with people, and Gabe was just one of the tourists sitting on the outside patio and enjoying a cup of joe.  It was midafternoon, a terrible time to make a scene and an impossible one to get away with a crime.  The shop itself was only half full, enough to be busy but not so much that it was hectic.  The walls, floors, and counters were varying hues of brown, giving the idea that they were inside a giant coffee bean, and the aroma would've only added to that illusion.
The meeting went on behind him.  He had wanted to be sitting somewhere where he'd be facing the two, but it wouldn't be prudent.  He was no actor, and keeping his expressions aloof would've been a challenging task.  So he sat with his back turned, taking only cursory glances over his shoulder to check on Mara.  Everything seemed to be going smoothly, and it was strange to think of what work he was actually doing.  If no one tried to pull anything shady, Gabe's job was to sit here and drink.  It was hard to believe you could get paid for something like that, until you took into account that you and/or your soon-to-be spouse might be dead in a few minutes, maybe five . . . maybe right now.  When you thought of it that way, you felt very much slighted on payday.
On one of his random glances, he noticed things had gone quite awry.  And unfortunately for Gabe, his stunned look gave him away.
Three
Hodge was returning to the Sentinel after repelling Malachi's invasion.  He sighed, slowly walking from ruin into unscathed territory.  Nelrene was gathering the wounded with Arthur and Marianna, and Hodge found himself in need of his wife.  To an extent Arthur and Marianna had understood what he was, but it always seemed to him that only Nelrene truly had a grasp on it.  He was the oldest of the group.  The people looked at him for guidance, but his military experience was rudimentary at best.  After all, at his core he was but a shepherd.
Time went on without his notice, and he stood in the war room with his advisors, the real leaders of this coupe.  It had been easier when Siegfried had been his eye-in-the-sky, but these days his old companion had gone silent.  It was the final breaking string which had tied him to Earth, and getting things turned upright again were proving difficult.
The war room was simple, a round, soundproof, bug proof amphitheater with a twelve seated ebony table at the center and two exits, one on the north side, the other on the east.  He was being told that Malachi's forces retreated under unusual circumstances, that his forces could've pushed farther and harder than they had.  A trap was almost guaranteed.
That was when a figure took shape by the north door and approached the council.  A lithe elven man with fine green robes and silver hair.  He bowed as the group silenced to the uninvited guest. "I am sorry." He said.
"Malachi," Surprised but less so than Hodge thought he ought to be, which was the real surprise, "you bastard." He drew a sidearm.
"You know I'm not really here." The elf replied.
Hodge shrugged and pulled the trigger.  One perfectly directed bullet left the end of the pistol's barrel and passed through Malachi's chest where his heart would be.  As expected, there was no resistance, because this was only a projection. "I always choose the side of caution.  What are you here for?"
The council remained mute, and it was as if the room was only inhabited by the two leaders. "Well," Malachi began, "I've been giving this whole campaign a great deal of thought.  There's so much for both our sides to lose, and what is there to gain?  You want to go home, or at least have the hope of someday being able to, and I want to clean up the oppressive mess left behind by Dahzir."
Hodge nodded.
"At first I thought I could convince your forces to side with me, but I see you and yours are noble, and the people respect you.  I respect you.  But this causes a problem.  We're pitted against each other while most of the Leviathans sit back and watch.  Surely you're suspect as well."
"It seems everyone on this planet has been waiting for their chance to rise.  Yes, I am aware of . . . certain schemes."
"I'd rather we not walk headlong into them.  I'm asking for a peace council to be arranged.  I hope my personal appearance will convince you of my sincerity."
An advisor whispered something into Hodge's ear.  The werewolf replied, "I should hope this isn't a plot."
"If you agree to the council, I would like it if The Order chose the meeting place.  So, you see I will be 'in your hands' as it were.  There will be complete transparency."
"It sounds reasonable.  I'll relay the message to the other werewolves.  You won't be fickle and back out, will you?"
"I lean not on my own understanding.  Were it up to me, I would be bullheaded and rush us all into destruction."
Hodge cocked his head.  Malachi had quoted something he could not possibly know of.
"I do have one request."
"And that is?"
"I want Cecil Fauden in attendance."
"You son of a bitch!" Hodge was very close to growling, and his hairs were standing on end.  In his youth such a rage would've sent him into a transformation, but he held it back. "That's sick."
"Oh, I didn't mean to set you off, honestly.  Don't be hasty now to call off our gathering, but I think there's someone you need to speak with first.  The colonel you've had under scrutiny, a mage of exceptional potential."
Hodge's hair settled, and curiosity replaced his anger. "Must you be so cryptic about it?  What about Xavier Pontius?"
"I know his secret, but I'm not a gossip.  He should be the one to tell you."
Hodge sighed.  There was a burning joy welling up in his guts.  He would say it was something akin to finding out a long missed friend was safe.  He composed himself, but his beaming smile fought against his overriding expression of indifference. "I'll tie things up on my end, and we'll get back to you."

Chapter Forty-One

One
Cecil and Salina were riding the train back to port.  Pytmos said he would meet them when he was needed.  They wanted to wait and make sure he'd be fit for travel, but with the recent attack their return necessitated urgency.  Urgent or not, Cecil was struggling to keep his nerves in check.  He was stuck in his human form, and no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't even change the color of his hair.
He knew Salina was happy about his plight, but he wasn't mad at her.  He'd been getting advice for a long time to just reveal himself, and now he was, unwilling or not.  She was glad to have him back, but he had his suspicions that the others wouldn't be so welcoming.
The train rolled along, unimpeded by the war, the werewolves' problems, or the starving children making paper headlines.  It simply continued on.
On the ship back to Atticus, Salina got a call from Hodge.  The situation had calmed down, but he needed to see her and Xavier as soon as possible.  Unlike his last trip, the two had clearance to stay on deck all night.  Their military paperwork was hardly even necessary, as their appearance gave them away.
He was waking up to the world it seemed.  Thinking about where he was going and whom he was going with sparked a quaint little idea.  So, he asked Salina if he could borrow one of her plain pencils and a sheet of paper.  If he was going to be awake, he was going to be alive and take advantage of it.
"Going to sketch me something?" She asked.
He smiled timidly and looked out over the deck to the vast sea. "I couldn't sketch one drop of water if I tried."
Two
He began writing, not shocked to see his handwriting was still close to illegible.  He could fix that, but first he needed the words put down.  Cecil spent longer working on it than he'd thought he would, not for lack of creativity, but simply because making it was such a joy.  When he finished and magicked the letters to be readable, he wasn't sure it had any value.
Oh, to my werewolf queen
My companion, my best friend
On me might you forever lean
Your loyal king till all things end

Your golden locks, like a shining sun
Your emerald eyes, piercing my soul
Without you I would be undone
But with I am made whole

This cold thing inside you melt
Into this dark world you bring light
Shining radiance from your silver pelt
My beacon in blackest night

I lose myself in your warm embrace
All these woes by you are shed
Whenever I see your lovely face
Without you I'd be dead

I'd stay with you ten thousand years
But that would only be a fleeting start
When with you who calms all my fears
This meager thing I give to you, my heart

My werewolf queen, my best friend
Stay with me till all things end
Your teeth and claws could've torn me apart
But willing I gave you my throat and now my heart
He looked it over.  Salina was pawing at him to see, but he shook his head, crumpled the paper, and tossed it to the waves.
"What was it?" She asked.
"Nothing." He couldn't look at her. "Needs work.  I'll try again another time."
Three
They got off in Ares and boarded a train bound for Fraushein.  Cecil was beginning, only just, to become accustomed to railway travel.  On Earth, he had never ridden a subway and only encountered trains when his bus stopped at crossings.  There was something novel about going long distances like this and getting to really view the surroundings in a way you couldn't when dealing with traffic.  Of course, the company was nice as well.
He looked out the window at the flowing waves of green and mountains set so far away.  He wasn't even thinking about this upcoming reunion, where everything would be laid bare.  It didn't seem important anymore.  What was more pressing was the idea that somewhere in that great blue above him, some unfathomable distance away was his home. Cecil looked up at the sky, even his new eyes not capable of piercing the atmosphere, and wondered.
Cecil made a conscious effort to remain conscious.  Staying awake was no problem, but he didn't want to fall into his old trappings.  Things were finally moving forward in his life, and he intended to keep the momentum.  That meant he would need to be alert.  He looked over at Salina sitting by the window with her sketchpad.  He would have to thank her.
The train made a few stops, but Fraushein came as fast as ever.  He was a bit surprised transport hadn't been suspended because of the battle and took it as a good sign.  They got off in the station, a locale which had been unaffected by the war.  Its silver gilded clock still stood, and its patrons still shuffled about their busy lives.
The werewolves made their way through the crowds and onto the packed street.  The face of the crowd, that familiar pattern of pedestrians, saw them and seemed to bubble about them.  It was as if the two were surrounded by an invisible force, and Cecil wondered if he wasn't putting up a ward unintentionally.
Four
Foot traffic slowed as they approached the Sentinel and left the congestion stacked in the streets leading to the hospital.  They passed through the gate and entered at the main door.  The inside had hardly changed since Cecil had come here a few years ago.  The only difference was the staff and furnishings, and he supposed that might only be because the originals were destroyed.  A secretary sat at the same desk he'd seen those years ago, and she stood to salute Salina.
They walked by and took a door on the left.  If he remembered correctly, this had once lead to the study and master dining room.  He was right, though both rooms had been repurposed.  The study was now a waiting room, but it was empty now.  The dining room was lined with squat tables covered in monitors, an armed technician sitting at each and two guards at every door.  The guards and techs rose in a salute, and Salina waved them at ease.
At the far end, where the dining room had once gone into a library, a soldier in full crystal armor watched the door, a blast model with a keycard reader.  As Salina approached, he tightened his grip on his rifle and cast a warding about himself.  "The inner sanctum requires-"
"Yeah, I've got it." Salina cut in.
Before she could produce her proper identification, the door unlocked from the opposite side and a tall man with short wheat hair appeared in the threshold.  "Stand down, Captain.  They have clearance."
A clean and obedient "Yes, sir." Sounded from behind the man's helmet.
Five
It was still a library with shelves of books reaching up to the high ceiling and stretching out in all directions.  A little ways ahead was a high standing table with three more humans around it.  Cecil became fully aware of his garb, his wizard robes and his blade, and he felt very much out of place.  The books suited him, but his peers, more familiar than the alien life of this world, felt anything but.
He and Salina stood opposite the other three humans, while the man who led them in joined them.  Not standing on ceremony, these humans were wearing what looked like nothing more than street clothes.
"Well," the man said, "Xavier Pontius, everyone."
No one said a word.  It was as if the span of a year was passing in this moment.
A bit shamefully Cecil responded, "Hodge," he nodded to each as he called their names, "Nelrene, Arthur, Marianna."
Hodge's shoulders pushed forward, his head rolled about, and he turned.  His black fur rose over his wheat hair, his snout became long and ebony, his arms coated, and razor claws replaced his nails.  He took a whiff of the air and raised a brow to Cecil, a bizarre gesture with his wolfish features.
Cecil took the queue and did his own turning.  His fur was darker than Hodge's but also possessed fiery blue patterns about his arms and down the middle of his nose and head.  Embarrassingly, he forgot about the tail and had to magically alter the back of his garment to let it through.
Like dominoes the other werewolves transformed, starting with Salina.  Then there they were, a pack once again.
Six
A long silence haunted the room, while Hodge stared Cecil down.  Everyone and everything was as a stone.  They didn't even breathe.  It was at this point Cecil was certain he'd be in for an unforgettable chastising, but he supposed the worst of it was just waiting for it to happen.  Almost humorously he marveled at the fact that Arthur had kept his silence.  It was amusing but also unsettling.
He could hear their heartbeats, Cecil realized.  But they weren't discordant like random piston firings.  No, they were in unison.  The werewolves shared one heartbeat, one pulse.  Suddenly his worries were unimportant as he listened to the rhythmic hum of their blood pumping.  A warm sensation filled him, one of welcoming and place.  The final piece was in place for him.  He knew he belonged.
As if seeing this, Hodge broke the silence and stepped up to the youngest lycanthrope.  He made a wolfish smile and placed a clawed hand on Cecil's shoulder.  Salina joined in.  Then Nelrene, Marianna, and Arthur.  They began howling.  At some point, though he'd never be certain exactly when, Cecil began to howl with them.
After welcoming the return of their lost member, the werewolves shifted back to human.  Hodge clapped Cecil on the back and made a very normal looking smile. "We've got time, and we're all very happy that you're alive.  We're also curious.  How are you alive?"
Cecil agreed, and over the next few hours he explained how he managed to come back.  Hodge and the others went over with him what had happened since they'd formed the volunteer army and where things were headed.
"We don't trust the Leviathans, and neither does Malachi." Hodge explained.
Nelrene, "It's been obvious for a while now that they mean to clean up the leftovers of this war and seize power for themselves."
Arthur, "Then we're back at square one again, and no one's game for that."
Hodge again, "Malachi said he's spoken with you.  He also said he was given some advice, specifically concerning you, Cecil.  That after conversing with you he felt it.  Apparently he is now filled with conviction to do business with us in an amicable fashion."
Arthur rolled his eyes and whispered something under his breath.  Marianna jabbed him sharply with an elbow.
Hodge went on, "We're going to set up a peace council.  Hopefully we can keep this a secret from the Leviathans, though they probably already know.  I suspect things will go well for both sides, so if we could at least trick them into believing they do not, we could have a leg up.  Cecil, I have a job for you."
Cecil raised his brows.
"I want you to set up the council.  The date and location.  If you talk to Malachi through telepathy, I doubt it could be bugged.  If we could just stay one step ahead of our enemies."
Cecil nodded. "I think I know a good place.  I'll make contact as soon as I can."
"Thank you." Hodge bent over the table with one hand under it. "You can come in now."
One of the library doors swung open, and a small cadre of intellectuals walked in.  Among them was an elven man and gray wolf woman.  Cecil recognized them immediately, and they recognized him.
Partheus broke into a brisk jog, his sprinting days behind him.  He came up to Cecil, gaunt but in the elf style.  His tight skinned face made a myriad of confused and delighted expressions as he attempted to spit out words.  He looked Cecil up and down, seeing the robes and the sword at his hip. He shook his head. "Well," he began after finally finding a foothold of words, "you fooled me.  I never would've figured it out." Perplexed again. "Is that really you?"
"Hello, Partheus."
The elf shook his head again. "You kids are giving this old man too much excitement."
Arthur stepped in, "Don't get old just yet.  There's a lot left to be done."
Seven
After catching up with his old friends, Cecil went off by himself to an unoccupied corner of the library and began to meditate.  He had never tried to send his presence such a distance before and without knowing just where Malachi was, he found himself in a drifting state of consciousness, sifting through vast stretches of land in search of strong magical outputs.  Some time went by, a long while by his reckoning.  In reality it was quite short.
Then he felt the familiar presence and sent out a thought, just the name, Malachi.
A few moments passed, and there was a response, Cecil.
I've been asked to choose the council's meeting place.
And where would you choose?
Cecil sent out the thought.
Oh, that IS fitting.  When?
Cecil sent the image of a calendar with a marked date.
I will be there with my most trusted men.
We want to keep this hidden from the Leviathans.
Yes.  My lips are sealed.  I look forward to seeing you there, brother.
Malachi broke the transmission, and Cecil returned to himself.

Chapter Forty-Two

One
The weeks between then and the council passed in haste, despite Cecil's extra eight hours of day he'd gained.  Just minutes ago he had boarded the train in Fraushein, yet somehow Hurlinge was just a couple moments down the track.
He was wearing his gilded mage attire and his sword.  The other werewolves wore simple but austere military uniforms, and Salina had his old sword resting on its own booth.  The cab was theirs and theirs alone, and measure had been taken to make sure that no one was listening in.  Even so, the group remained hush.  Things had been quiet since the withdrawal of Malachi's army, and without a doubt the Leviathans were becoming suspicious.
Cecil casted a spell to surround himself and the werewolves as they readied to disembark.  He couldn't change either his form or theirs, but he could place a powerful illusion over them.  To the citizens and all but the most powerful of wizards, they would be nothing more than a novian family, apparently returning from a trip.  He would keep the spell up until the city lights were behind them.  Then it wouldn't matter what form they appeared as.
They pushed through the teeming station and set their course for the dark beyond, which was the forest.  Taking familiar roads, ones still lined with silver lamps, they would return to where Destursha's trials had begun.  The Dark Forest had changed since last he'd been there, and it didn't surprise him.  The woods, a veritable sponge of impulse and magic, would be scarred by the deeds of the old king.  Despite the good intentions of the previous inhabitants, it would be seeking vengeance upon anything it could lash out at.  Perhaps that was why it attracted the mutant hordes, those dregs of experiments better left abandoned, and the primordial creatures that spurred superstition.  Such monsters would be at home in the festering gash of the forest's heart, leeching it and feeding from its anger.  All the while hardening whatever sentience the place had and turning it into malice.
Two
He and Salina lagged behind as the werewolves left the highway and entered into the forest proper.  He summoned a sprite of light, but the forest's darkness was material and choked the great beacon to naught more than a strong lantern.  They could all feel the presence of monsters, but the foul things were nowhere within the reach of the five senses.
He turned to Salina, admiring the way she carried his old sword.  Every day he became more aware of how she treasured him.  He didn't understand it, and he didn't acknowledge it.  Cecil struggled often with his expressions for her.  What he couldn't articulate with his mouth, he seemed quite capable of doing with a pen, but he refused to share.  It was out of line.
They continued the trek.
The old walls were unharmed by the couple years which had passed.  Other than a bit of overgrowth, things seemed unchanged.  The great stone walls rose up into the dark canopy from which there was no light of moon, only thick black.  The gate was open, likely rusted that way permanently.  It was impossible to see into the ruins of Chrissenia, but scents wafted through the air like flitting calling cards.  Malachi was here, but there was something else here also.
"Pytmos." Salina said.
They entered Chrissenia.
Three
Malachi stood in what was the old town center, talking to the dragon like to a friend.  He turned to the werewolves and sent them a half bow. "Sorry we're early." He said. "The host should be the first, but we made better time than we had thought." He turned again to Pytmos. "I'm glad this is how we get to meet."
"Yes." Hodge replied, "Come, we'll make ourselves comfortable."
They went as a group, Malachi, his men, and the werewolves.  The coffee shop seemed completely unaffected by time, despite its obvious lack of patronage.  Pytmos, too large to fit through the door, waited outside while the rest pulled chairs together around a banquet table.  To all parties' delight, the creatures which lived there did not make a den out of the shop.
When everyone was situated, Cecil conjured up a pitcher made of ice at the center of the table and filled with purified water from the air.  He also made several cups with which to drink and left them on Malachi's side of the table.
Malachi nodded his appreciation and spoke first, "I'd like to do this with as little political jargon and rigmarole as possible.  I've never been a bureaucratic type, and I don't imagine any of you are either.  If you were, you would've wanted to meet somewhere palatial with no sentimental value and with servants and press gawking about.  So, you speak first.  What do you want from all this?"
Hodge replied. "We want two things.  When we first learned of this world, we were under the impression that it was host to demons that threatened our world.  We thought legions of hell would spill onto Earth from Destursha.  When the rift between opened, we were the ones taken here, and we have no way back.  I still believe there are demons afoot, Malachi.  We would like very much to quell them.  The second thing we desire is to return home.  It might take a hundred mortal lifetimes, but we will work for it."
Arthur, more dignified than ever, took his turn, "And what is it you desire?"
"I want to atone for what I've done and what my compatriots have done." The elf replied, "A long while ago, I considered myself a god.  I was an adept mage, and I had a unique gift for sending out my presence.  I preyed upon the weak minded and convinced them I was a deity.  It fed my ego, and I can't even say I knew the faces of my worshippers.  They were far away, if they existed at all.  I think most of it was born from my own arrogance.  My eyes were finally opened to myself and what my allies were doing.  But, we had all become complacent under the old king, and I could not stand against him alone.  So I bided my time and waited for help to come.  You, whom I called enemies, are the help.  Again I was caught by my own trappings and did not see this.  I want a stretch of peace and happiness for the people.  I know well it can't last.  But Destursha has been unhappy for a long time, and I would see light return if only for just an hour.  To do this, the greed must be excised from authority.  Not even I can fight the Leviathans by myself, and I fear you all lack the know-how."
A few moments passed between the werewolves. "Well," Hodge led, "should we draw up papers, make a formal alliance?  We help you become the acting monarch, you don't try anything shady, and we work on the space program?"
Malachi shook his head. "Later there can be papers.  If we write anything, the Leviathans will be a step ahead.  Frendt is a resourceful man, but I don't think he knows about this meeting.  I'd like it to stay that way."
"Do we seal this with a handshake, a little spit?" Arthur asked.
Malachi almost chuckled but held it in. "More or less, yes."
The dragon poked his head in through the door. "No," he said, "there are bigger problems now."
The werewolves and Malachi turned to the dragon. "Pyt?" Malachi almost hummed it.
He looked to the werewolves, focusing on Hodge. "The Phoenix is plummeting, and soon we'll have to greet your people."
Arthur shrugged. "Good lord, do you have to be so cryptic?"
Marianna gave him an elbow.
"Let's get back to the city." Pytmos said, "So that you can all see the sky."
"How urgent is it?" Malachi seemed at ease, implacable.
"It's too late already." Again he looked at the werewolves, "They crept up so well, like shadows inside darkness." Pytmos pulled his head from the door, and the sound of his quadruped footsteps followed.
Malachi was already on his feet. "You see, a bureaucrat would throw a hissy fit about something like this." His men followed fast behind him and the werewolves followed suit.
Four
When they came to the first clearing, they found Pytmos with his neck craned upward, gazing at a great light in the night sky.  It was the comet that had been coming, but it was close to the planet's surface, suspended on the tip of space like a moon.  Now it was clear to see its shape, or the shape it was taking.  It had indeed been a comet to the astronomers, but bright lights of fire flashed from it, and its rocky skin fled away.  It was enormous, shaped like a perfect ring, and its silver color shone from sunlight on the planet's other side.
A few minutes went by, and a blinding light came from its center.  When the night sun receded, a multitude of small silver points of light were in front of it.
Pytmos lowered his head and looked at Cecil. "Can you reach up there and feel them?"
Cecil didn't reply, but he acted.  He sent his mind's eye up into the farthest reaches of the atmosphere, where Destursha's magical influence was weakest.  He couldn't interact with what was here because of the distance, but he could see them inside and out.  These were ships.
"They're human." He said at last.
"What?" Arthur asked.
"You heard me.  Those are human ships up there, and there are people in them."
"Do you know why they're here?" Malachi asked, trying to raise his own mind.
"I don't." Hodge was stunned. "They aren't here for us."
Malachi gave a signal to his men. "I think this would be a good time to part ways for now.  The Leviathans, everyone, will be distracted by this.  We can pretend it never happened.  I'll need to return to Daskin and reassure my people.  I suggest you all do the same.  Pytmos, will you come with me?"
The dragon nodded.
"We'll sort this out later." Malachi and his men rushed into the forest.  The werewolves made for the road.  There wouldn't be time to take a train.  They would need to run as a pack.
Five
Those were the longest miles of Cecil's life.  The running was easy, but the seeing was hard.  Every chance he had, he looked up and saw those spacecrafts descend lower to the surface.  They were headed for Fraushein, and he supposed that only made sense.  They'd be headed for the flagship.  Whatever they wanted, it wouldn't do to talk to anyone but the top, if talking was even what they intended to do.
As they approached the capitol, there was a bright flare over the Sentinel.  The Phoenix, crystal pride of the Leviathan Corps, was sending out warning shots to the approaching ships.  A comparably sized ship sent a shot back, but it was no warning.  A beam of blinding brilliance lit the sky brighter than the day, striking the Phoenix with such force that a thunder rolled across the earth.  Cecil could hear the windows in the capitol shattering to this noise.  The Phoenix, unable to break apart, simply lost altitude like a newspaper coming down on a fly.  It sunk over the horizon and was followed by another tremor, and a great cloud of dust rose up.  There was no doubt that even though the ship remained intact, its crew had been jarred to death.
The Sentinel itself was unharmed, but power to the city was out.  The werewolves waited outside by the gate where some time ago, protestors had been struck down.  A smaller ship, sleek and silvered as a mirror, came down into the clearing before them.  There were only a few people standing in the streets to watch, and it was as if the whole of the city might've been the werewolves' own private residence.
It landed before them without ceremony.  It was shaped almost like a bullet with a hatch on the side.  It gave off the faint scent of ozone, and whatever windows it may have had were not visible.  The hatch opened not unlike that of an airplane, and two figures stepped out clad in armor that seemed a part of their very structures.
The second looked at the first, and after a moment the first took off its helmet.  There was a man behind that helm.  He inhaled for a second, nodded, and placed his helmet on his hip, where it stayed without any noticeable reason.  He had a satchel on his left thigh and reached into it, pulling out what looked like a black headband.  He placed it carefully around his head and over his mouth.
"Do you understand me?" He asked the werewolves.
"Yes." Hodge replied.
"Note." He said to the other figure. "Their language has not changed since previous investigations and still seems similar to Terran.  Also note: they seem to have evolved, at least one grouping, in height and weight."
The first figure held up a small metal rod and waved it through the air before saying something to the first.
The first replied, "Oh, really?  Well, that is interesting.  Tell me!" To the werewolves, "What does the name 'Earth' mean to you?"
"It is the world we are from." Hodge said, "We six lived there."
"Is he pulling an illusion?" The man asked the other figure and seemed jubilant to see a shake of the head for a reply. "Ancient history, that.  Do you suppose you know what year it is?"
"Two thousand twelve or thirteen."
"This place is a real phenomenon.  I underestimated the value here." To the first figure, "You have the data you need?" There was a nod, and they both made back for the ship.
"Wait!" Hodge shouted.
They did not.
Shortly after returning to their ship, another disembarked and waved the vessel away.  The figure approached them and spoke. "Is this the head of this region's government?"
Hodge nodded and added. "We're in a bit of a transition at the moment, but we are the heads.  Speak with us."  The rest remained behind him, solemn and erect.
"Turmoil?  Good.  That should make things easier for us."

Over the Stars

There was a dead calm in the street, the ships above silent and motionless.  The man stood across the way from the werewolves, black cloth on his face and arms crossed smugly.  It was hard to be sure in the dark, but Cecil thought he could see the creasing of a smile under that mask.
Arthur stepped up.  In his uniform he seemed austere, resolute, implacable.  His footsteps sounded emphatically, and his expression was grim.  His nostrils flared, and his accent, usually tinged with sarcastic overtones, breached the silence in serious sternness. "Barnabas." The shadows on his face grew long with his displeased expression. "You came from Earth?"
The man bridged the gap between himself and the rest.  His armor was immaculate, a shining shell of mirrored alloys, and it bent to his will and motions without any noticeable restriction.  He stood before them like a mentor standing before wayward pupils, hands on his hips and head cocked.
He adjusted the mask. "Sorry to keep this on.  Haven't spoken your tongue in a good while.  To answer your question, yes." He raised a hand to the sky and made a short sweeping motion. "But, I haven't been there in a very long time."
Hodge opened his mouth to speak, but Barnabas cut him off.
"No," he said, "not here.  Let's talk more in my ship."
A gleaming object the length of a train cab descended.  It had the shape of an oblong egg with sharp points at the poles.  When it landed Barnabas entered, and the others followed.
Inside was a sterile white environment.  Nothing about it seemed comforting, the way one might personalize a car or a room.  There were few things within, none of which appeared to be furnishing, only a few consoles and a monitor.  The interfaces of which did not appear to exist.
The only recognizable object was a round white table, although it was not accompanied by chairs.
"Come." Barnabas said, "Take a place."
They did.
"I'm aware of what's going on here." He said to them. "It's cute, really.  I've seen it before.  Can't say it was ever this amusing, but still." He grinned under the veil. "I'm the head of Colony, a Kingdom company that finds suitable planets to inhabit and gather resources from."
Cecil fixed his eyes on Barnabas, one of the few things not blindingly white. "How long have you . . . what year is it?"
"I've been colonizing planets for the better part of the last thousand years.  Keeps me busy.  Gives me time to pursue."
Cecil turned his eyes down.  He had a plethora of questions lining up, but it had not been just a few years.  A great stretch of time had somehow passed.  It meant that if he did get back home, even at this very moment, his family would be gone.  They had already been gone.
"And what are you after?" Hodge asked.  The way he spoke, the way he stood.  It was as if he was perfectly comfortable in the floating bullet.
"Siegfried, of course.  I never did believe that story of yours.  I can hardly believe that I remember it.  I'm quite sure he was never human and that your explanation was a cover-up.  Wherever he is, I intend to find him."
Hodge did not respond at first, only bit his lip.  He was cornered. "You're right about him."
The others turned to him, all except Nelrene.  She knew.
"I don't know why you hid it." Barnabas went on as if he'd paused for breath and nothing else. "And I don't care.  I'm going to find him." He removed the black face cover.  He was an ordinary looking man.  Brown eyes, lightly olive skin, and complexion that was neither clean nor ruddy.
He transformed, all those features receding for new ones.  His fur was brown like mud.  His eyes remained the same.  He was, even as a werewolf, extremely plain in appearance.  He changed back and reequipped his mask.
"You're all going to help me find our progenitor." Barnabas looked up, and the ship raised.  They all felt it.
The white room shifted, became transparent.  Now they were suspended above Destursha.  There were ships below, the moons were hidden behind the world, and they were moving away.  Cecil gaped, unable to protest, as he felt his magic drain away.
Whether or not they chose to help, they were going with him.
