I, Mason of Terrania
Edenia Series
Copyright Beth Hoyer 2014
Published at Smashwords
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this eBook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Prologue:

Mason sat next to the campfire lost in thought. He heard multiple howling noises, to find the hunting party had returned, followed by the offsprings gathered around to eat. He frowned as he remained seated waiting and didn't have long to wait, as two figures came carrying bowls, handed them to him and his companion sitting next to him knitting a blanket. He sighed and ate his fill, then after that wound up handing the bowls back, as he frowned. Mason, lost in thought, didn't comment a response as the offsprings, gathered around him near the campfire, excitedly chattering. 
Mason frowned as he heard one speak "Pack Leader, tell us the story of how you came to Terrania."
He recognized the voice as his fathered offspring, Alisher, speaking the words, despite the titled use of Pack Leader towards him. Mason sighed again and recalled fully in mind of his life involving Terrania, the planetary world. Mason spoke the story fully in mind. 

Begin Tale of Mason:

The Shadonia’s Commander stood in the bridge of his space ship frowning. He saw the door open and the Shadonian Engineer came in the room with a being, he stared with curiosity. The being had wings fluffed back by hands and had on a dress of a female form. 
There was long hair and a crown on the being’s head which the being spoke in Basic “We’re Ramora.” 
Then the Ramora place a hand on the chest of the Engineer making his neck swells and opened the mouth biting the Shadonian on the neck with sharp teeth. The Commander stood with shock seeing the Ramora, Drainer like feed off the Shadonian Engineer and licks the neck of the victim, like a Drainer closing the puncture marks. 
The Ramora spoke “We have permanent residence in the station, need you for food, will pay price, with solving the one thousand Shadonian year mystery of the Tolyatti.” 
The Commander stared opened his mouth and spoke “You know where Tolyatti is?”
The Ramora female replied “Yes, you have technology to free Tolyatti now.” 
The Commander asked “Why wait till now?”
The Ramora replied “We, Ramora have long years of same dream while aboard the space station. The dream is the same showing each of us floating in space, surrounded by a cloud with a set of numbers flashing on one arm, along with words of a language we not knows on other arm. A mind walker, Human Banshee brought by species Humanians, arrive on station. The Human become partly Banshee, corrects the dream, to tell us that dream was a message of your missing warship Tolyatti.” 
The Commander spoke “Sent a communications to the Maney warship, tell them to move their ship for we have to confirm something hidden in the nebula.” 
The Commander stood watching the Communications officer on the bridge of the ship, sitting at a console with an ear piece in his ear. 
The Communications officer spoke “The Maney is agreeing and is moving their warship.”
The Commander stood facing the Ramora and spoke “I await your orders, Ramora.” 
The Ramora spoke “Send a sonar beacon at this location.” 
The Commander nodded his head as the Ramora rattled off a set of numbers which the weapons officer typed on the console. They stared at the screen watching as a sonar beacon came out of the belly of the bulky bubble like ship. The sonar went into the nebula wailing its noises. The Shadonia aboard the warship sat waiting as the Communications officer, a Human male, sitting at the console watching a screen in front of him. 
The Human spoke “Confirmed, something large matching the Tolyatti design in the nebula.” 
The Ramora spoke as the commander looked at her “Use two of your mine bombs to free Tolyatti from the nebula at these coordinates and we’ll tell you when to detonate.” 
The Commander again nodded his head, as the weapons officer, a Wiser, as the species, is dubbed despite some bony muscled look on their skin and forms, with a Human face and head, disguised as a Shadonian, typed the Ramora’s coordinates. 
The Commander spoke “Communications, warn the other ships to put shields up for we’re releasing mine bombs into the nebula.” 
There was a pause as the Human Communications officer rattled off the warning in the mouth piece microphone then added “Received confirmations from other warships, fire away.” 
The Commander signaled, as the weapons officer pressed buttons on his console and they watched as two mine bombs came out of the Shadonian warship and entered the Nebula. 
He stood and watching the Ramora who spoke “Now!”
The warships orbiting the large giant space station, alarms sounded as two explosions come from the nebula, followed by a large shape revealing an ancient tree shaped ship.
On the Shadonian main warship the communications officer spoke “SOS Signal from the warship and its Shadonian which confirms that ship is the missing warship the Tolyatti.” 
As the weapons officer spoke “Detecting a life sign aboard, it’s Human in origin.” 
The Commander spoke “Tell the boarding party to suit up, just in case and get the tow ships here.” 
The Communications officer spoke “Sending confirmation signal to Shadan now.” 

Aboard the missing Shadonian warship, Tolyatti, the Human male, Kar lay on the bed of the sleeping quarters of the ship, asleep. He jerked out of sleep feeling the ship move shaking. Kar got up from the bed he was laying on and stood in the darkness shaking his head with a frown. Kar sigh some sound then walked towards the windows that were closed shields down. He felt for the latches and pulled but the metal refused to give. With a groan Kar walked out of the sleeping quarters, scratching his itchy sun colored knife cut short haired head. He wandered in the darkness blindly towards the hallway out of the sleeping quarters. He blindly felt the Shadonian bodies of the dead, lying on the beds, some of them partly eaten. He felt a bumping like thud as the ship shook some more. Groaning unbelievably he went to the hallway that led out of the sleeping quarters towards another part of the ship. Kar froze hearing thudding echoing noises and went to investigate. He followed the noises towards the stairs down towards the lower decks that led to the air locks. The noises got louder as he walked towards the air locks. Suddenly a light glimmered getting brighter and brighter. Kar blinked his eyes to see a moving figure wearing some space suit standing in front of him highlighted by another figure behind. The space suit figure moved and pressed a switch and a Shadonian face appeared in the head piece. Kar stared with shock then ran towards the Shadonian and gave the space suit figure a hug weeping of joy. The suited up Shadonian gave Kar a suit of strange material which he put on over his naked form covering his entire body. The suited up Shadonians escorted him to a chair which he sat and was brought through a lighted hallway. The wheelchair he was in was pushed with by them till they reached a small room. He felt was an elevator which led to another hallway. He was led towards a door which slid open revealing a large room with a small room in the middle with other suited up people. They brought him to the small room and gestured for him to change out of the suit which Kar obeyed. He was given a smooth material shirt like dress that covered his chest and nakedness. Kar sat on the bed in the small room with suited up figures waving devices over him. He was in a small room with windows that showed an outer larger room. He blinked his eyes of the lights and frowned as he heard a knocking sound and looked to see knocking on the window outside was a Human male wearing a device plugged in his ear with an antenna attached had dark colored hair pulled back who stood. The Human had on a jumpsuit like outfit. Kar stared with shock to see the Human was standing towered over a Shadonian dressed in an identical like jumpsuit side by side. One of the medical techs handed Kar a device with an antenna at one end and pointed to his ear which Kar put on with a sighing sound. 
He heard the Human speak in a male voice in Summeran through the ear piece “I’m called Mason and I’m translating your words to the Shadonia in Basic an international language. So tell us answers to questions such as who are you and how did you get aboard?”
Kar frowned but spoke “I want to start at the beginning and my explanation will be long. I also have bad things to say which I fear the Shadonia will get upset about. I hope the Shadonia doesn’t mind.”
He saw Mason speaking words towards the Shadonia standing next to him who moved his mouth.
Mason spoke “They won’t mind so tell us then.” 
Kar spoke “I remember my name is Kar. I have no idea what’s my age. I was on a Rakcar space station attending their Universal games with my mirror sister Karina in one of their large rooms for the games. Karina was finishing on an acrobatic mat event when the Rakcar’s Lun Ra, some gonoid creature attacked Karina. She was walking off the podium towards me on the stairs when she was attacked. The Lun Ra killed her with its poison by its spray in her eyes and biting her neck with its teeth. I was there along with the Highlanders who were our translators. No one helped me try to save my sister.”
Kar paused as Mason paused from translating his words. 
Kar continued speaking “As the Highlanders took her body the Lun Ra tried to attack me. I took off running and went into the ducts of the station. It took me quite some time to find where Karina’s body was laid. I found her lying on a bed in a small lighted room. I was in the upper air duct looking through a window grating when I smelled something really disgusting and saw a fuzzy night colored figure of death walk in my line of eyes sight below me to stand next to Karina’s body. The figure got clearer with an awful noise sound and was dressed in pale shiny clothing with rips in the back cape area. I was instantly repulsed by this figure which I refer as Death. Death had clawed hands and had dirty sun colored hair pulled back in a tail with an apparent mask covering half of his upper face. I couldn’t see his eyes but I saw his mouth were of fanged teeth when he opened them. I saw something that chilled me to the bones to this day.”
Kar paused to get up from the bed and stood leaning against the window of the room. The medics in the room followed him with their scanners. Mason translating his words paused in his talk to stare at Kar with his intense creepy black eyes. 
Kar looked at Mason, with his brown eyes and continued speaking “Death cut his wrist on one arm with a small knife and let the dark awful blood fall in her each of her sightless open sky colored eyes. Her eyes blinked and she closed them then Death brought his wrist to her mouth which she woke up grabbing his arm with her hands and I heard a sound that appeared to be her sucking his blood. I heard some weird strange sound coming from Death that sounded like moaning for his mouth was in a smile like line. Then Karina let got of Death’s arm and Death licked his cut wrist with his mouth. I saw to my shock Karina look up at the air ducts where I was hiding. I saw that she had sun colored Human like eyes and she spoke a language I didn’t understand a word. I heard Death speak words in a male voice tone. I saw him put something on her arm and then their features went fuzzy with a whirl like sound. I followed those two in the air ducts onto the Shadonian warship. They reached one of the rooms where there were no Shadonians presences. I heard Death speak words and Karina looked up at the air ducts straight at me peering through the window grating like she could see me. She had a frown look on her face and waved a hand then she and Death faded from my eyes sight like they weren’t there at all. I tried to find my way back to leave but the feeling of the ship I was in told me that the Shadonian warship was already undocking from the space station. I was forced to sit in the air ducts hiding.”
Kar paused from talking as he went to the bed to sit down followed by the medics and again spoke “I don’t know how long I hid but I had gotten a bad case of hunger pains that I was forced to reveal myself to the Shadonia in their eating room. There was a Shadonian lying there dead to the world on the table which they were gathered around appearing to be arguing by their moving hands. I revealed myself by coming out of a window of the air ducts. The Shadonia stared at me. One of them walked forwards took my ear and made me sit down. The Shadonia cut off a large Shadonian finger sized piece of skin off of his dead comrade’s bare arm and thrust it at me. He made an eating gesture as another Shadonian went to the wall and cut a mark with his knife. I first refused but I was hungry so I ate it. Then the Shadonia escorted me to a hallway with a door and took me to a room with a bed and locked me in it. I didn’t know how long I was in that room but there was a device in the room that blinked numbers or letters. I discovered to myself that at a set of numbers or letters every time I was in there the Shadonia would come and take me out of the room towards the eating room. They would cut off a piece of skin of their dead comrade making me eat it while another would mark the wall with his knife. I figured that they were teaching me to ration food a diet which I continued. One day or night a Shadonian opened the door and left it unlocked and I was free to do what I could do. I wasn’t able to do much due to them dying off. I didn’t know how long it took but the ship lights began to turn it off one by one. I didn’t touch any of the controls of the ship for the fear of wrecking my chances of survival.” 
Kar saw the Shadonian standing next to Mason move his mouth which the Human translated “Says do you know how tall you were when you stood next to the Shadonia aboard the warship? We’re trying to determine your age for it’s been one thousand Shadonian years since the warship disappeared into hiding.” 
Kar’s mouth dropped open and he spoke “One thousand Shadonian years?”
Mason spoke “The warship Tolyatti went missing for one thousand Shadonian years hidden in a nebula till its position was revealed till now.” 
Kar stared with shock as he frowned and stared at the Shadonian medic, who he towered over, standing next to him and the he spoke “I remember I was small enough to slid through an open window of the air ducts with no getting stuck problems but now I can only get my head through but the rest of my body I can’t do that.” 
The Shadonian standing next to Mason, he saw went to a bed where pieces of clothing covered in a see through like material were lying on there. Kar watched as the Shadonia male pulled on gloves and picked up the clothing covered in the see through material and walked back to stand next to Mason. The Shadonia held the item up. 
Kar watched as the Shadonian’s mouth moved and Mason asked “Do you remember where on this clothing you stood against when you revealed yourself?”
Kar stared at the piece of clothing the Shadonian held, through the see through material and answered “I remember my eyes were level with the shiny medallion on the shirt that I could see my eyes on it like a mirror.” 
He saw Mason cover the mouth piece of his ear device on his face and speak words to the Shadonian who gave the clothing a shake shaking his head. Kar watched as the Shadonian went back to the bed and laid the clothing down with care. 
Mason spoke after removing his hand “You look like you’re around my age which is being the age of twenty two. I think you were a child barely a teen old when you stuck aboard the Tolyatti and are now grown to be an adult. So I’m saying one thousand Shadonian years equals ten Human years.”
Kar got up from the bed and went staggering towards the window and laid a hand on it with the shocked expression on his face. 
Mason continued speaking “It’s a good thing we found the ship and you. According to the Shadonia the ship’s energy, life support from the nebula would fail within a very short period of time.”
Kar frowned at what he heard and leaned his head against the window of the room and stared at Mason who added “you’re being quarantined just to make sure your safe in case.” 
Kar replied “I get it.” 

The female Shadonian stood in the air lock rapping it with her hand on the air lock door. She was rewarded when the door opened to revealed a Ramora standing there facing her. 
The female spoke in Basic “We have two pairs of Shadonia in can’t be waken sleep. We suspect their blood is bad making them sick and want you to tell us what’s wrong with the blood. The price is chose your victim to feed on.”
The Ramora nodded her crowned head and spoke “Wait here.” 
The Ramora walked to the inner air lock doors and it slid open. The female Shadonian heard her howl some call as another Ramora taller than the first one arrived. 
The short Ramora spoke “This Ramora will assist in the test but isn’t fluent in the language. I will translate.” 
The female Shadonian spoke “Come.” 
She heard the short Ramora speak words coming out as “ya ya ya.” 
The two followed them further into the ship till they reached the Shadonia’s medical bay. The Ramora paused see the two Humans a male with long black hair pulled back in a tail and a long blonde frizzy haired female standing in the bay watching them. Four Shadonians lay on beds both male and female. The middle of the room had a small room with a Human male sitting inside with suited up Shadonians waving devices over him. The Human male widened his eyes when he saw the Ramora with a shocked expression on his face. 
The tall Ramora spoke words translated by the shorter Ramora “The price tag for help is the Human called Mason must see and hear contents of key to himself.”
The taller Ramora at the moment pulled out a key attached to a long keychain from her mouth and held it up. Mason nodded and walked forwards taking the key. The Ramora saw as he went to a sunken in console leaning in the wall facing the ceiling and put on ear devices. The Ramora stood watching Mason watch the contents. The Human female frowned seeing Mason put hands to his mouth and he had a shocked expression on his face while watching the contents of the key on the screen in front of him. Mason lowered his shaking hands and after a pause he pulled the key out of the console. The key dissolved falling apart. 
The Human female spoke “Mason?”
Mason spoke in Basic “Ramora, do I speak the contents of what I see or keep it to myself?”
He watched as the smaller Ramora speak a set of repeated “ya ya ya” words to the taller Ramora who responded which the smaller one spoke in Basic “To speak of the contents isn’t right at the moment, will let you know when. We’ll help Shadonia with the sick ones.” 
Mason walked towards the Human female and spoke “Sister dear don’t ask me about the contents again.” 
His sister opened her mouth to retort when Mason spoke again “Mina, please don’t ask me but do me a favor wear the monitor device please.”
His sister Mina stared at him with a shocked expression on her face and remarked “Mason, I can’t wait for the time for you to tell me what you saw.” 
Mason went to the table next to an empty bed and pulled out a wrist band like device. He walked towards his sister and put it on her wrist. She stood looking at the two Ramora biting the necks of unconscious Shadonians. The two Humans watched as the two Ramora spat out the blood with a spitting sound and licked the puncture marks. 
The shorter Ramora spoke “Yuck, blood is not clean indicating the tracker device drug implanted into them.” 
Mason and Mina watched as the Nurse a female Shadonian spoke “Will a blood cleaner machine help?”
The shorter Ramora spoke to the taller companion then said “Please try.” 
The nurse ordered “Hook those four up now.” 
Mason frowned as he found the Shadonian Ambassador off his left giving him a glare while sensing his ear itchy. He sighed and without a word towards Mina left the medical bay to follow the Ambassador out of the ship onto the space station to his annoyance.
Mason and three Shadonia entered the station through the Ramora gate. They entered a hallway. 
The Shadonian Ambassador spoke “Odd I’m hearing footsteps running away from us.” 
Mason and the Shadonia walked further down the hallway and turned a corner. 
Mason spoke “I see objects on the floor like their dropped as if someone was surprised.” 
The group reached a large room with a door in the wall. The wall opened as lights flashed blinking their lights. Mason snarled some sound as he saw the other races stood several feet away from the doorway in the trader area with guns drawn. The group entered the Trading area in the station to face the crowd of races and their guns. 
The Shadonian Ambassador spoke “Misan, hold out your arm please.” 
Mason obeyed as the Ambassador’s two guards put on a device on the Human’s left arm while feeling a prick of pain. Mason felt fingers on his neck and turned his head to face Hades. 
He irately said in Basic “If you’re going to feed, do it and quit playing with my neck.” 
Mason heard the crowd gasp as Hades lowered his hand. 
Hades spoke in the same language “I want to take you to other Humans and show you where to go.”
Hades grabbed Mason’s right arm who jerked speaking “Please let go of my arm and I’ll follow you.” 
Hades nodded his head then led the way through the crowd with Mason following him. The crowd separated as Mason walked through. They reached the elevator area where three broken chairs sat and entered the elevator. The elevator stopped at a hallway and Hades led Mason through the hallway until a wall opened on Mason’s right side. 
Hades gestured speaking “This way.”
The two entered the barely lit room that had a chair in the middle of the room. 
He heard Hades speak in Hammarabbi understanding his words “I did what you asked, brought the Human Mason so give me what I want.” 
The lights turned on illuminating the room. 
Mason folded his arms with a glare on his face as he spoke in Hammarabbi “You’re from planet Humania, hence your name Humanian. A Human saw a Humanian do something unbelievable to his own sister that made her one of you hence your clothes are twin to what's described.” 
He stared at the group of blonde haired Humanians some who were wearing clothes twin to what Kar described and appeared in whining squeals with stinky smells hitting his nose, who surrounded Hades and Mason. 
Ian and Anita two Drainers came forward, wiping the blood off their faces with their arms while giving off spitting sounds and Ian speaking "Your blood is disgusting." 
The group of Humanians ignored the Drainers' talk as Hades spoke again in Hammarabbi “Where’s my female?”
Ian spoke to Hades in Summeran after pestering Mason to translate “Take off your mask, Hades.” 
A Human female with dark colored hair with an intense staring look at Hades came forward towards the Drainers with a child she had a hand on the arm. She walked to stand near Hades as he reached a hand and pulled his mask off to settle on his chest. Hades revealed a Human male face with brown eyes with fanged teeth. 
Hades heard Anita speak in Summeran “The Human female’s boy child has the same face as yours, Hades.”
Hades protested in Summeran “I don’t remember.” 
Ian replied “Don’t worry you will. The Humanians are keeping your female safe from harm.” 
Hades stared at the Human female with a shocked expression on his face as the female wordlessly laid a hand on his bare cheek. Hades automatically brought a hand up to touch her hand stroking it while staring at her. Hades, Mason saw put mask on went to a male Humanian and put mask on his face before falling to the floor fainting away. Mason saw the suit fall off of Hades showing Human male wearing animal skin clothing and Hades’ like hair and grimaced seeing ropes come onto the Humanian the cover him up till no inch of his body is seen. 
He wound up told by Humanian "The group dubbing themselves the High Council is the ones who ordered the attack on Earth which is what you saw via recorder recorded by the species Ramora."
He felt annoyance take hold hearing that as if the Humanians were mind reading him as he was further told "The bartender will confirm it at a bar at a specific booth for people to go sit and ask for confessions to be spoken." 
Mason wound up told how to act angry in the races international behavior then led to a wall after going several corridors and told "It leads to another route to the bar."
He entered and went through a hallway to a doorway which he entered the bar. Mason came out of the doorway which slid closed behind him remembering what the Humanians told him to do. He stood in the bar restaurant with a glare on his face. Mason heard conversation around him abruptly stop and he stomped his foot folding his arms shaking his head mimicking the international behavior of anger. Then he lowered his arms and looked around the room to see an empty booth with a light shining over it. Mason walked towards the booth and slid in it clasping his hands together with elbows on the table. He frown waiting as a figure slid in the booth opposite from him. Mason lowered his hands and narrowed his eyes seeing the Annukai, a male with long blonde colored shoulder length hair with a bit of facial hair on his face sit staring at him who had all black eyes and eyes on the forehead in a circle surrounding a large eye all in black.
Mason spoke “I have questions and I expect them answered.”
Mason sensed the customers of the bar restaurant were watching him listening to his words. 
Mason saw the Annukai nod his head narrowing his Human like beady black eyes and he continued “The attack on our home world Earth, who ordered it?”
Mason stared at the Annukai whose lips turn into a frown as he spoke “The High Council ordered the attack.”
Mason spoke “Did the High Council offer a reason for the order?”
He saw the Annukai kept his lips in a frown speaking “The High Council said that Humans were hunters who kill without remorse, killing for pleasure and sport. They also said that Humans must be destroyed to prevent them for causing an unstoppable war.” 
Mason raised his voice speaking “Did the High Council show evidence to prove their words?”
He saw the Annukai’s black eyes widen as the Annukai stood up. 
Mason shot out his hand grabbing the Annukai’s arm while speaking in a loud tone “I expect the question answered.” 
Mason kept his eyes on him who sat down and he removed his hand from gripping the Annukai’s arm as the Annukai spoke with a groaning tone “The High Council never showed any evidence of any kind to prove their words. I want to go now.” 
Mason stood up and slid from the booth and spoke as the Annukai stood up “Later I have more questions that expect answers.” 
He walked away passing booths and tables filled with humanoids that were silent as he passed them. Mason left the bar restaurant area with the double doors slamming closed behind him. He stood in the hallway showing a series of windows that showed the view of space outside the station on his right. Mason walked pass humanoid races that were quick to get out of his way despite him stomping and waving his fisted hands. Mason reached the trading area and stood with the Shadonia besides him. 
Mason frowned hearing a loud voice spoken in Basic yell “You have Humans on your home world!” 
He stared at a reptile humanoid race of a Salamander that stood feet away that yelled again “The message by the Rakcar proves that you have a continent from the Human’s home world appear on your home world! You have Humans on your home world!”
Mason could hear the crowd among them grumble hearing the words. He peered with his eyes as one of the Salamanders pulled out his gun and aimed it at him and the three Shadonians. Mason stiffened as a laser beam shot out hitting the Salamander’s gun knocking it to the floor. He moved his eyes to see the Maneys a humanoid alien species with heads of a Lion standing off to the side one of them with gun in hand.
He heard the Maney speak in a loud tone “I recall you Salamanders came aboard by the Rakcar warship so you must be their allies and is willing to support whatever the Rakcar says.”
One of the Salamanders folded his arms and spoke “Check the Shadonian warship Tolyatti. You’ll find suited up Humans crawling all over it.” 
Mason narrowed his eyes as one of the Maneys loudly spoke “Warship confirms the message signal matches one of a Shadonian warship and not of a Rakcar warship.” 
Mason groaned inwardly as the Maneys looked at the Salamanders and roared some angry sound. 
He heard one of the Maneys speak “What does the Shadonia have to say about this?” 
Mason spoke “I like to know too.”
He looked at the Shadonian Ambassador who spoke “The Rakcar failed to show which is seen in records on the Tolyatti that after the continent piece of land on the Humans’ home world disappeared, King Winter’s traveler was seen leaving the planet. We have records of the Cold Lord’s traveler arriving on Shadan hitting the planet and in place were the continent which the Rakcar showed you. The Humans after they calmed down from their anger answered questions asked.”
Mason frowned as the Ambassador paused as races around them muttered among themselves then continued speaking “I’m telling the truth when I say the Humans never heard of the High Council or any of you. The Humans told us they were living an isolated existence contained on a planet with multiple forms of gonoid life forms, another Edenia. Their off planet travel tech was limited to orbits. We discovered from examination of the continent that there were no planetary weapons of any kind to defend their planet.”
Mason glared at the Salamanders as the Ambassador added “Records on the Tolyatti show that the ship scanned the planet seeking planetary defense and didn’t fire weapons. There is an intact Rakcaran originated mine bomb on the engines of the Tolyatti which record shows that the warship suffered engine trouble hence them getting trapped in the nebula. We Shadonia have a bone to pick with the Rakcar for putting that mine bomb on the Tolyatti.”
Mason growled some sound feeling anger arrive as he felt the Ambassador place a hand on his shoulder. 
He spoke in an angry tone in a loud voice “I’m told the High Council ordered the attack.”
Mason raised his voice as the shorter than himself Ambassador’s guards went to grip his arms “I’m also told that the High Council failed to show evidence to prove their words! All of you are fools!”
Mason blew his temper roaring some nonsense sound while stomping his foot. 
He in his anger barely heard the Shadonian Ambassador speak “Pardon us, while we leave to go calm this angry Human.” 
Mason growled letting the haze of anger cloud his eyesight as the two Shadonians tightened their hands on his arms in an ironclad grip pulling him roaring through the crowd. He was still roaring in anger as they came aboard the Shadonian warship and hauled him towards the Medical bay where he was pushed in a chair and chains were clamped on his arms and legs.

Mina stood there frowning seeing her brother come in the medical bay roaring in anger. She stood watching as the Shadonians hauled him to a wheelchair with chains attached it and clamped him in it. 
Mina frowned as the medic a female Shadonian waved a scanner over Mason and spoke “Odd, he’s not known for having these bouts of anger.”
Mina looked at the Humanians standing off the side with Hades besides them. 
One of them called Jon spoke words in Hammarabbi which Hades spoke in Basic “Says check his blood. I think he was given a drug and his body is reacting to it.”
Mina heard the medic give a Shadonian sound of disgust and spoke “Hades can you detect things in blood of those you drink from? Perhaps you should feed off this Human and tell us that.” 
She looked at Hades who spoke words in Hammarabbi then Jon pointed at Mason which Hades walked forward speaking in Basic “I can detect things in the blood of those I drink. I’m willing to drink from Mason to be sure about this.” 
Mina groaned as Hades placed a hand on a struggling Mason’s chest then grabbed her brother’s head before putting his face on his neck. Mina frown hearing Hades bite Mason’s swollen neck sucking then was followed by the Drainer spitting and licking sounds. 
Hades stood up speaking yanking off the tracing device from Mason’s arm “His blood is full of a powerful drug, I recognized used for tracking devices which is making him angry. I detect his body is painfully fighting it. I suggest you put him in a blood cleaner machine to help spare him the pain of the withdrawal from the drug.”
Mina gasped hearing Hades’ words as one of the Shadonian Ambassador’s guards walked forwards towards Mason’s wheelchair. She frowned as the guard pushed a growling Mason towards a machine sitting next to a bed followed by the medic who rolled up her brother’s sleeve and injected him with a needle cylinder with a tube attached to the machine. The machine hummed as dark red liquid came out of Mason through the needle cylinder with tube attached into the box. Mina stared at the end of the boxy machine with a tube over the opening which began dripping black liquid into a large jar under it.

Mason shook his head allowing his mind to relax despite an angry mood. He found his blood being cleaned and a tracking device hung around his neck via chain. He found himself freed from the chair but remained seated as he noticed the blood cleaner machine was taking its time to clean his blood. He felt annoyance take hold after a lengthy sit yanked the needle out while hearing a faint alarm sound. He found the nurse entering the room with a big frown on her face who without a word stood watching him walk out unstopped. Mason found the Shadonians in the hallways become silent staring at him as he walked by them. He felt annoyance take hold without a word left the warship to the space station while hearing a faint alarm sound coming from it. He frowned to find the lights in the hallway flashing he figured to himself indicated of a warship undocking. He grunted an annoyed sound and went to the trading area finding species there becoming silent staring at him and refused to speak. 
Mason felt annoyance take hold as he thought to himself "Can't someone at least give me what I want is to be treated as an equal and not abused for being a freak of Human nature? I'm not a freak of nature to be out casted. I feel like these people hate me by my appearance and not love me like I hoped." 
Mason heard nothing in answer to his wording went to bar to talk to bartender who spoke to him after arriving to the booth "I won’t answer any questions or talk to a freak like you."
Mason felt rage hitting him kept himself calm as the bartender got up and walked away he hearing applause sounding within the bar. He got up and without a word walked a route to the trading area. Mason went to the Shadonian Ambassador to stand nearby despite hearing a sound of disapproval from the male while in the Trader area. 
He wound up seeing overhead images of warships arriving while hearing one yell "It's a Human warship!"
Mason wound up hearing "Oh I see a High Council warship arrives as seen on overhead force field screen."
Human warship he saw flashed a message on the screen speaking in Summeran with Drainer translating nearby in basic "We Humans are revealing High Council as the mind walking trick species, Highlanders." 
High council warship as Mason watches sent a message with a robed figure with a sun mask speaking "Humans are hunters who don’t care about life should be destroyed like their warship." 
Rakcar warship shaped like a rattle snake about to strike was seen by Mason via screen firing weapons onto Human warship which Maney warship intercepts torpedoes.
Mason heard the Maney in the room speaking "The space station is of peace and not war. This is a place of peace. Don’t destroy it with an act of war.” 
Shadonia next to him spoke "We give our agreement to the Maneys." 
Human warship sends laser message into nebula as seen by Mason on the screen. 
A giant warship with pieces of every racial ship comes out along with message of a Human saying "We are the ancient builders and the proof is our warship having a piece of every warship." 
The Rakcar standing in the trader area on station with Drainer translating to Mason and others "Says ships have disappeared into the nebula and haven’t come out and that the warship was built out of disappeared warships that were annexed." 
Mason spoke loudly to the crowd despite hearing baha comments from the Shadonians "The Tollyatti came out of the nebula intact." 
Rakcar via Drainer spoke "Says the Shadonian warship’s weapons have been fired. Suggests that the giant warship couldn’t annex the Shadonian warship. It firing its weapons at the giant warship." 
The crowd muttered among each other but is silence by the Tygera who howled some roaring call getting their attention. 
The Tygera spoke “Does anyone know anything about Humans and their ability to think?” 
Alarms siren sound as Mason heard and saw seen in the floating force field screen a rag tag group of ships which he heard "Their all are identified as the missing warships that entered the nebula and didn’t come out! Along with a missing Shadonian like ship! Their docking to the station! 
The races go to the doorway to the docking gate to see who comes out. They see a tall as a Shadonian, male and female with white skin and blonde hair and Shadonian like faces to their shock. Mason frowned finding various races giving out greeting comments to the Shadonian twin species that ignored them while staring. He found the twin species acting rude to the races by appearing to ignore their chatter. 
He walked forwards to stand in front of them while speaking "Greetings, I'm Mason a Human. This is a space station a place of peace and not war as in the words of one of them. Something I can do for you?"
He wound up told by one speaking in basic "I'm demanding that we’ll talk to the Shadonia only." 
Mason led them to the Shadonia. 
The two male and female loudly say towards Mason in Basic "We're honored to meet a Builder as your species is known for building things. Our ships orbited your home world watching the Humans go through two planetary civil wars. Observed them build things with fast speed which proves Humans as the ancient builders. The High Council was aware of this and is in denial about that hence them ordering the attack on the Humans’ home world Earth."
He heard gasps sounding within the room as one of them added "Drainer to not to translate what we're saying to the Shadonia." 
The two converses with the Shadonia in the Shadonian language as he found the Shadonians kept on giving him go away gestures. Mason felt annoyance take hold and without a word went back to bar just as Annukai bartender is closing up shop.
The bartender he found as an Annukai spoke "We're closed so get out and take your disgusting freak excuse of a self out now."
He spoke in response "You the bartender is an Annukai as your species is referred as."
He got an angry roar from the bartender who tossed aside the wash cloth and snarls "How did you learn my racial name?! Tell me now or else!"
Mason spoke "Bartender, there are Annukai living on Shadan that have accepted the name of Annukai as their species name. Something you should accept-"
He was interrupted by another growling noise from the bartender who without a word jumped over the bar into some acrobatic move with feet thrust towards his head. Mason with great strength he shocked he having grabbed the bartender's feet flipping him upside down and holding him up. 
He spoke as the bartender yelled "Put me down now! Or else!"
Mason spoke "Not till you answer some questions, bartender."
He glared at the bartender who bents forward and started hitting his hands holding his leg with pricks of pain. Mason grunted from the pain but refused to let go of his grip. He felt something like a needle prick in his neck grunted to yank it out finding a dart to find another Annukai in the bar room holding his gun in his direction giving him a glare. He felt rage in response tossed aside the bartender and charged towards the Annukai while growling angry. Mason found the Annukai in response darting away out of the bar taking a wall climbing route through the station with him following. He felt rage still hitting him ignored others sensed getting into the way and he thrust them aside while growling angry. He found the Annukai stopping at a door and jumping down to go inside he assumed was his quarters which inside he met the other Annukai while hearing the chased Annukai jabbering away in foreign language. One of them fired a dart from a gun that hits Mason in the chest. 
He flinched and yanked out the dart as the Annukai's leader arrived via full beard on his face and spoke "This Human isn’t Human and that the dart has enough power to knock out a Human of his size." 
An Annukai appears with a whining squeal and spoke foreign language Mason found the bearded male speaking "He says that a male and female of a new species arrived and loudly declared Mason a builder. Admitted to him that ships have orbited the Humans’ home world watching them go through two planetary civil wars and observed them build things which they say proves the Humans as the ancient builders."
Mason stared at the Annukai leader with dizziness running through him who spoke “This is not a Human but a freak.” 
Mason snarled out as anger arrived “I’m not a freak! I hate that word!”
He stiffened as he felt sleepiness arrive and shook his head before falling to the floor with a thud. 
As he closed his eyes he felt something placed over his mouth blowing air into him as he heard a voice speak “It’s for your own good, builder.”
Mason surrendered to the darkness consuming him as he heard "Put this freak of nature to the station where no one goes to. It's from them thinking it’s haunted. Leave him for the Ghosts to take this Human. Take him to a room where the Ghosts can receive him. Be sure to do that while stripping him of his clothes. The Ghosts on observance will receive him to where a gate is and push his body through spacing him to death for us. I refused to have his death on my hands. Let them do that job."
He wound up hearing nothing more from the voice but silence and blackness to dream of something to his mind. Mason remembered a memory of standing in Times Square in New York City as a child surrounded by a crowd of people. His left hand wearing glove was held by a figure with a female form despite the clothing. 
He stared at the female he recognized as his Mother who leaned down and spoke “It won’t be long now, Mason.” 
His Mother straightened up to turn her attention to a building that had a large screen that began flashing numbers as the crowd around him chanted the numbers backwards. He looked to see them staring at top of a building was a ball flashing lights that was slowly edging downward a pole. The ball he saw reached the end of the pole and numbers of the New Year flashed as there was a booming sound followed by clouds billowing into the city as the sky above lit up with fire. Mason heard the crowd screaming of terror as he sensed his mother grabbing him with her hands holding him in a hug as water arrived spilling around him. He felt great pressure as he was suddenly thrown to the ground and the air became thin which he cried tears as he felt his mother let go of him with loud groaning sounds. The pressure eased as smoke billowed up towards the sky and water retreated showing the sun shining. He sat up to look around as he saw Humans lying around him some not moving. Mason looked down to see his mother lying still with eyes open blood leaking from her ears. He crawled towards her and shook her arm. His mother continued to lay there dead to the world. Mason felt hands touch his shoulder and he looked up to stare at a woman with an angry look in her eyes. 
The woman spoke “She is dead and is no longer with you. Come with me.”
He protested crying tears as the woman proceeded to drag him away from his mother. 
The memory continued with the woman he learned was called Linda hitting him on the back with a belt as he was tied up in chains. 
She was screaming “Freak, you’re a freak!”
He struggled against the chains as a male figure wearing a ski mask arrived in the room grabbing his long hair yanking his head up. 
The male figure spoke “The belt is not punishment enough.” 
Mason groaned softly as the man pulled out a knife and dug the tip deep into his bare arm making a long gash. He refrained from making a grimace from the pain as the man did the same with his other arm. 
He groaned as he felt a weird instinct like feeling that made him speak words chanting “Help me live, for I live.” 
Mason heard the man speak “Interesting eye color change and interesting language.” 
He cut his talking as a fist hit him in the face repeatedly till he was knocked out. 
The memory continued as he woke up in a small room underneath the stairs that was metal all around and he was bare of clothes. 
He pounded on the metal which refused to give then he felt the familiar instinct like feeling arrive and spoke words chanting “Help me live, for I live.” 
Mason felt the feeling left him as he stopped his chanting and pressed into the metal which gave sliding open and he fell into a pair of hands. 
He struggled against the hands when he heard a voice speak “Stop it, I’m a police man.”
Mason stopped his struggling to look at the man wearing a police uniform. Mason saw behind the police man shining was a man holding a camera with a woman holding a microphone in her hand in front of it. 
He stood up panting for breath as the police man swore "By the God Lance Richard!" and added “My God he’s been abused!” 
Mason’s memory continued as he was lying on a bunk bed in an apartment with Mina above him. He felt something covering his face like a cloth and jerked open his eyes as he saw another police man but not the one who rescued him, with a sneer on his face as he fell unconscious. He woke up to feel his arms above him tied to a rope while feeling naked, in a room that looked like a barn with pain in his back along with smelling burning flesh as the sneering police man walked in his line of sight holding a smoking stick brand in his bare hand. 
The police man spoke “I’m surprised that you don’t recognize me. I always had my face covered up whenever my Linda beat you.” 
Mason snarled some sound as anger arrived and he chanted the words “Help me live, for I live.” 
Mason heard the police man gave a sound like laughter and held up the stick towards his bare chest as he heard a rattle like sound. 
The sound he heard continued as the police man gave a yell dropping the stick onto the dirt ground followed by him speaking “Drat snake had to bite me.”
He saw as he chanted the police man jerk and heard him yell “Oh no!”
The police man gave a scream and ran towards the wall of the barn sliding it open and ran out into sun. Mason cut his chanting off when he heard the police man outside gave a scream of terror that was abruptly cut off followed by a gun shot sound. He frowned as he felt the ropes give away freeing his arms and he lowered his arms with relief to walk towards the doorway walking out into the sun. He saw lying away on the ground was the police man with a bloody red hole in his forehead and his gun was lying nearby next to his hand. The memory ended as darkness arrived surrounding him. 

Mason came to find himself lying naked on grass with a blue sky overhead and sat up. He looked around in confusion to see he was facing a large metal arch that part of it was dug into the ground as he heard a throat clearing noise and looked to his left to see a Humanoid figure covered in black clothing. He saw the clothing was pants wrapping around the feet and ankle areas covered by a mid lower leg flared skirt and there was a long sleeve top with clawed hands and a male form and the head was covered by clothing that showed two Human like golden eyes and two furry objects peeking out on top of the head. 
He stood up to stare at the figure who spoke words him automatically understood “Builder, we are the Beddune. Come with me.” 
Mason slowly walked towards the Beddune who turned around slow walked into the forest of trees and bushes surrounding the clearing. He followed the Beddune who stopped at a large giant towering overhead him bushy like plant with fronds and turned to face him. 
The Beddune spoke “Builder, go inside Merra kid.”
He felt pain in his head as his legs continued walking towards the plant which fronds separated forming an opening which he walked inside and the fronds closed up behind him. 
Inside the darkness he heard a female voice speak “Lie down, Builder.” 
He obeyed lying down on the plant fronds as the female voice continued “Speak your words now.” 
Mason chanted “Help me live, for I live.” 
He felt liquid arrive surrounding his body and began to cover him spilling into his moving mouth which he swallowed as he chanted till he felt himself losing conscious. 

Mason woke up with a jerk to feel smooth cloth material covering his body. He felt pants that wrapped around his ankles and feet covered by a flared skirt that was mid lower leg length while feeling a long sleeve top covering his upper body. He sensed his face and head was covered by cloth that showed his eyes peering out. 
He heard a female voice speak “Get up it’s time for you to leave and join the others.”
He got up to stand as he saw an opening in the fronds despite having night vision of seeing things in daylight in the color of yellow and walked towards the opening walking through the opening into the sun light to stand looking around as his eyes sight changed to day vision. Mason looked to see a Beddune with a male form standing in front of a tree and walked towards him. 
The Beddune he saw bowed and spoke “Come with me, leader of Beddune.”
Mason followed the Beddune walking further into the forest till they reached a path with two large sticks bent in an X in the middle where they stopped walking. He heard the Beddune howl some sound twice which was followed by a howling sound from another Beddune. 
He looked at the Beddune who turned towards him speaking “Leader, follow the path towards the camp where you will meet the others.” 
He walked around the X and walked on the path which curved in an S pattern. He followed the path till it led towards a cluster of bushes and walked through them to see a series of huts scattered around in a clearing with Beddune, male and female forms walking around appearing to do work. The females appeared to Mason, to be wearing similar clothing as himself but they had capes over their backs with hoods on their heads. Mason walked into the Beddune camp and paused to see Beddune stop to stare at him as one in a male form walked up to stand in front of him. 
The Beddune turned his back facing the others while speaking in a loud tone of a voice “The Unnamed One’s wisdom says only foreigners can lead Beddune. Our fighting for leadership has hurt Beddune scattering instead of uniting us.”
The Beddune paused then spoke in a shouting tone “The Beddune’s fighting for leadership between us ends now!”
The male walked away as a female Beddune walked up to him speaking “Come with me.” 
He followed the female who stopped and pointed towards a furry blanket lying on the ground heard her speak “Lie down and sleep.” 
He obeyed as the sunlight disappeared turning into night with his eyes sight changing to night vision and he closed his eyes. 
He groaned in his sleep as a painful headache arrived within him and he spoke out loud “I will lead.” 
He brought his hands putting his arms diagonal on his chest with hands fisted as he kept himself asleep as the headache went away. 

Mason sensed the sun arrived and opened his eyes to see Beddune male and female gathered around him in a circle eyes staring at him. He stared at them as the females scattered walking away in different directions. He stood up as the males stared at him his height a head taller than them. He frowned as the males scattered going in different direction except one who stood staring at him. 
He met the male Beddune’s eyes who spoke “Come with me.” 
He followed the male towards a hut who pointed a finger at him and the hut then walked away. Mason sat crossed legged with head bowed in front of the hut with eyes closed. He sensed a Human like hand touch his hand and opened his eyes raising his head to stare at a female Beddune with Human blue eyes staring back at his eyes. He got up and walked into the hut passed the thick ropey blanket covering the entrance followed by her. He saw the floor was covered by a thick to his feet furry blanket like rug as he walked on it. He turned around to hug the female who stiffened to his touch. He felt anger arrived and sensed her hand clamp over his mouth while grabbing his arm in an ironclad grip. He felt himself forced in kneeling position as he felt her hand off his mouth followed by her kissing him. He felt the clothes covering his mouth split apart as her mouth touched his. He rolled his eyes as intense pleasure arrived and shivered as she broke off the kiss while feeling the cloth covering his mouth revert back into position. 
He heard her speak “I’m called River.” 
He spoke “Mason, the name is Mason.” 
He heard her speak “Mason.” 
Mason stiffened as he sensed a male Beddune angry standing on the hut outside which he brought hands to River’s cheeks and mentally spoke “Go out the hut first. There’s a male out there who wants to cause harm to me. Distract him while I’ll knock him out.” 
He released his hold on River’s face then stood up and followed her out. He saw the male Beddune land behind River which he brought a fist hitting him on the head knocking him out. He stood with arms folded as two male Beddune arrive and picked up the unconscious male and hauled him away in a fast motion disappearing behind a hut. He frowned watching River walk away going inside a large hut with females scattered in front of it. He kept his eyes on the hut as River walked out carrying a large furry bag by the strap walking up to him. He walked inside the hut followed by River and watched her drop the bag on the floor eyes on him. He felt a strange feeling and walked forwards with his hands out as she walked forwards with her hands out. He jerked from the charge of pleasure arrive as his hands touched hers. He let go to embrace her in a hug while feeling her arms around him. He sensed it was night time outside gently laid their form down on the covered ground with his arms around her. 
He heard River speak “Mason some things you should know. I was tied by doctors at a place called Hospital after they found me lying in the forest wearing some gonoid skin clothing while sick with pain. The doctors told me some sickness in the organ that carries offspring had hit it and they had to take it out. After I was well I walked out of the hospital and tried to live among the people of the city called Atlanta. I couldn’t because the forest called me with some instinct like feeling telling me to live there instead of among civilization with their technology.”
He sighed rubbing a hand on her arm touching his chest he thinking to himself "She loves me." as she continued speaking “I walked into the forest wandering for two suns till a Beddune found me and took me to Merra kid getting me the way I am now.”
He opened his mouth to talk when River added “We have to watch what we’re saying because the Beddune during the sun have powerful hearing. They I’m told can hear everything for great distances and that includes what’s going on inside huts.” 
He frowned as River stopped talking and he sensed her breathing become deep which he realized that she was asleep. He closed his eyes and fell asleep. 

Mason jerked his eyes open as he sensed it was daylight and a presence on top of his hut and jerked as awareness arrived within him. He rubbed a hand on River’s cheek stroking and heard her moan some sound as he brought his other hand to her head raising it up. He saw River’s eyes stare at him with a frown in them as she looked at him. 
He placed hands on her cheeks and mentally spoke “River we have to mate with the Beddune listening or the males will keep on their attacks to knock me out and will force you in mating.” 
He lowered his hands rubbing them from her face as she nodded her head, towards her arms and slowly rolled them over till he was on top of her. He felt her legs part going to his sides as his hands went to her sides touching her while feeling her hands touch his shoulders gripping him. He breathed deeply as he felt the clothes separate and sighed feeling bare skin as himself entering her and jerked from a charge of pleasure from the area arrive within him. He heard River moaning loudly as he thrust himself up to the hilt inside her and he gave out a loud moan from the electrical charges of pleasure from his sensitive part feeling her clench around him repeatedly. He moved thrusting in rhythm while feeling her meeting his movements as the electricity charged within him from his sensitive part entering her at each thrust. He jerked as he spilled himself inside her while feeling a powerful jolt of pleasure arrive spilling into him which he roared out a cry while hearing River give out a loud moaning sound. Mason panted breathing hard as he shut his eyes while feeling the jolt running through him. He could feel River breathing hard from his chest on her chest as he settled his form on hers head touching hers. He felt River’s hands leave his shoulders and felt them touching his cheeks which he opened his eyes to stare at her blue eyes that became golden. 
He heard her voice speaking in his head “You as leader have to show strength power by leaving the hut so soon after mating.” 
He felt her hands leave his cheeks as he nodded his head in understanding then with regret pulled out of River as his clothes reverted back in place to move himself besides her while getting up to stand. He breathed deeply through his nose as his panting stopped while feeling River’s hand on his arm. He looked at her and placed a hand on her hand then released his hold as her hand stopped touching him. He walked out of the hut to see the male Beddune that was standing on his hut standing with back to him holding a spear. He frowned as the Beddune turned to look at him then looked away which he sat down crossed legged with River besides him. He kept an eye on River who he saw had two sticks in her hands with string from a rolled up bundle clicking them together. He watched in fascination as a square was formed from them and he looked away to look around at the Beddune going their business in the camp.  He watched with interests at the going on in the camp as night fell. He got up and went inside the hut followed by River then laid his form on the rug covered ground on his back as he felt her lie her head on his chest and he fell asleep.
His last thought to himself before he fell unconscious "They love me." 

Mason dreamed of himself standing in front of his hut staring at a space between two huts. It was night time in his dream as he saw a Human like male with short black hair with clawed hands walk from between the huts while wearing nothing but pants. He frowned seeing the male’s eyes that were all black that were narrowed seeing him while sensing his anger. 
He heard words spoken in his mind “Eric is my name.” 
The male Eric reached him and began swiping his clawed hands at him which he easily blocked with hands pushing his arms away. He grabbed Eric by the hair on top of his head and with force forced him to a kneeling position. He saw Eric shut his eyes form going slack as a male figure with all black eyes wearing black clothing jumped out of him on his right side. He frowned seeing the figure was wearing black pants similar to Beddune style along with a black vest and manacles on his wrists. 
He heard words spoken in his mind “Claws is my name.” 
Claws he saw charged at him as he felt something tear out of him to see a male figure with long blonde hair pulled back in a messy tail wearing Beddune style pants came out of him in front meeting Claws’ charge. He let go of Eric whose form faded disappearing as he saw the blonde haired male grab Claws by the head twisting his neck and heard a snapping sound. He saw Claws’ body glow bursting into a ball of light that shattered as the scene went black. 

Mason jerked his eyes open with a frown as he sensed Claws nearby outside his hut. He got up leaving River sleeping and went out of the hut to see a limping male lion walking towards him with all black eyes. Mason kneeled as the limping lion reached him and watched as the lion lie on his side eyes closed. He sat cross legged eyes staring at the lion as he sensed movement from the corners of his eyes. He looked to see another lion appearing to be a male who seemed younger walking towards them. He stared at the lion whose eyes turned all black then turned and walked away. He turned his attention to the lying lion whose breathing became hard. He sat staring at the lion listening to the lion’s breathing which he heard a rasping sound followed by the breathing cut off. He bowed his head leaving his eyes open staring at the lion. 

Mason jerked as he felt a hand touch his shoulder followed by a hand covering his eyes. He blinked his eyes as the hand he felt was clawed removed itself from his face. He looked at his right to see a male Beddune standing next to him staring at him who removed his hand off his shoulder. 
The Beddune spoke “Allow us to attend to the dead gonoid.” 
He nodded his head Beddune styled which was Human style nod then he got up and walked into the hut feeling tiredness. He saw River standing in the hut that went to hug him. He breathed deeply feeling her arms around him. He felt regret as her arms left him followed by her hands touching his cheeks. 
He heard her voice mentally speaking in his mind “You can show weakness to the Beddune by I insist on getting some sleep.” 
Mason felt tiredness running through him exhaled a breath lied down and shut his eyes as he felt himself passing out. 

Mason woke up hearing a loud bellowing howl from outside his hut sat up with confusion as he felt himself better. He looked at River sitting next to him who stood up pointing at the entrance. He got up and walked out followed by River to stare at the guard Beddune who pointed with a spear tip at two bowls sitting in the ground in front of him. He smelled the food which made his stomach rumble sat down and ate some food and drank from the other bowl liquid. He finished with his fill handed the bowls to River who he saw out of the corners of his eyes eat and drank the rest of the bowls’ contents. He sat looking around camp looking around. He frowned as he heard an unfamiliar bellowing howl sound come from his right and saw female Beddune scurry into huts. 
He heard the guard Beddune speak “The sound your hearing is the sound of a manoid species called Skyan who prefers to be known as Drainer calling for one of us to meet them at a meeting spot. Their named for they are known to drink blood as their food source so go inside the hut while we handle them.” 
He obeyed going inside the hut followed by River. He frowned hearing a lion like roaring sound went to River putting hands on her cheeks. 
He mentally spoke “I have a way of seeing things outside my body and I request you not to touch me so I will have no inference with my seeing.” 
He saw River nod her head as he let go of touching her cheek. He went to sit crossed legged and bowed his head closing his eyes. He astral projected himself walking out of the hut towards a group of male Beddune gathered near two huts. He saw a male lion charge at the Beddune who were attempting to walk by him. 
Mason spoke using his voice “Something is wrong. The gonoid attacking is a sign of something is not right.”
He walked passed the lion walking through the bushes to reach the S curved path till he reached the end where the X symbol was. He saw a male figure wearing white smooth clothing with a triangle shaped hat on his head and saw the male’s face had a black eye wear mask where two shiny white orbs peeked. The male he saw had his arms folded with hands tapping and his mouth he saw had fanged teeth which were bared in a grimace. He frowned looking around till his eyes made him look up to the tree the male was standing next to, to spot another figure like the male sitting on a branch. The male in the tree he saw had black smooth clothing and had a metal curved object in his hand. 
Mason spoke “The Drainers have set a trap. There’s a Drainer sitting in a tree above the Drainer waiting for your arrival. I order that one Beddune with hidden escorts come to the Drainer from behind for they’ll be able to see the hidden Drainer in the tree. I also order that Beddune not do anything Drainer asks unless Drainer is talking in a calm tone.” 
He stood waiting as a Beddune carrying a spear walk through the bushes from behind the Drainer howling and pointing his spear at the Drainer in the tree who he saw threw his hands up putting the metal object on his black haired head. He watched as the triangle hat Drainer turned around with such force while lowering his arms fisting them in a fast motion. 
He stood listening as the Beddune spoke “Why have you called us, Aiden?”
He heard the triangle shaped Drainer Aiden he assume speak with an angry tone as the Drainer in the tree dropped down landing behind him “I request you come with me to the castle for I insist on that.” 
He eyed the Beddune who spoke “I refuse.” 
He frowned as Aiden roared some angry tone and charged at the Beddune who jumped in the air twisting around and glide with legs swinging through the bushes disappearing out of sight. 
He stood watching Aiden as the other Drainer spoke “Oh well.”
He heard Aiden snarl some angry sound then spoke “Come along Jimo. Let’s walk the path and see if we can force the Beddune to come along with us.” 
He saw them walk the path which he followed speaking with his voice “The Drainers are walking the path heading towards you. They intend to capture one of us to take to the castle. I suggest you knock out Aiden and give his companion something to drink as a way of getting him to talk.”
He paused as he followed the Drainers walking the path and saw them enter the bushes at the path’s end and walked through following to see the Beddune throwing ropes over the Drainers who struggled roaring. He saw one Beddune blow some mist into Aiden’s face that coughed and stopped his struggling to collapse on the ground as the other Drainer Jimo he assumed was forced to kneeling position. He watched as Jimo was forced to drink from a bowl filled with white liquid who greedily gulped the contents. 
He stood with arms folded watching Jimo once finished spoke babbling “My name is Jimo and I’m a Skyan also known as Drainer. Hades and his advisor Teorjer arrived to the castle cycles ago falling down dead in the throne room as two globes came out of them. The three, Elementals come throwing bolts at the globes forming one globe that gets bigger and bigger in process knocks out the Drainers who saw the situation by out of body projection. The globe the Drainers saw covered the castle and a large tract of forest land. The Drainers are angry that no one came to check on them while they were out for as long as the globe stood. I’m not from Terrania but came from the sky with another species called Rakcar that was destroyed and was led to believe by them that I wasn’t a Drainer which the Drainers point out to me to my disgust.”
He shook his head as Jimo stopped his babbling to bow his head and he spoke “Beddune free Jimo and have him transport two of you armed to the Drainers’ castle to confront them on the actions of Aiden and himself.”
He saw Beddune freed Jimo from his ropes and heard one of them speak “Take us to the castle for we wish to talk to your Drainer king.” 
He saw Jimo stand up and watched as a small golden globe come from the Drainer’s chest becoming bigger surrounding the Drainer and saw two Beddune carrying spears walk inside. He watched as the globe raised itself in the air and disappeared from his eyes sight. Mason walked back to his hut walking inside and found himself back in his body. 
He spoke using his voice “Beddune if you want me for anything just call me and I’ll come out.” 
He looked at his left side to see River lying asleep on her side back to him. He felt tiredness arrive within him lied on his side putting his arms around River spoon fashioning her as he shut his eyes falling asleep passing out.

He dreamed of a hallway with open doorways on both sides till he stopped at a closed door with an unreadable symbol on it. He reached with a hand and opened the door which slid open as smoke poured out. He felt himself back in his body opening his eyes as anger arrived. He sat up fisting his hands as River placed her arms around him in a hug. He threw his head up face facing the ceiling of the hut as he felt her happiness from her hugging him. 
He thought to himself “The gesture of the male Beddune putting his head up facing the sky when a female Beddune is holding him means he is pleased with her for she is pleasuring him.”
He kept his head up as he relaxed from the angry feeling running through him as he sensed her stop holding him. He lowered his head to stare at River who leaned forward kissing him on the lips. He felt her break off the kiss to rub his cheeks with her hands as he stared at her. 
She spoke “Get some sleep Mason you need it.” 
He nodded his head and lied down she laid down himself spoon fashioning her. He shut his eyes and opened them feeling too wide awake. He gently pulled his arms from her who didn’t stir and got up walking out of the hut to stare at Beddune gathered around in a circle throwing ropes on a male figure wearing all black clothing whose face he recognized as Eric who appeared angry judging by his facial expression and all black eyes. He saw Eric throw off the ropes and he brought his hands to his mouth and howled a sound. Eric he saw as he lowered his hands turned his head towards him and charged. He stood his ground as a lion came running towards Eric knocking him to the ground lying on his back before sitting on Eric’s front. Eric he saw struggled to move the lion off of him with his hands while baring his teeth. He folded his arms as Eric’s struggles were in vain and watched as Eric shut his eyes form going still gloved hands on the lion’s head. 
He heard his guard Beddune speak “I’m hearing a rattler gonoid sound coming from your hut.”
Mason darted inside the hut and froze seeing a rattle snake near a wall curled in a ball with tail rattling on his left. He saw River with back to the wall on his right and went to her. He took her arm whose hands gripped his arm in an ironclad grip as he took her out of the hut. He stood with hut on his left as River let go of his arm to hug him in a tight grip with her arms her face on his shoulder while hearing her gasp out in distress. He stood watching as guard Beddune went inside the hut and came out with the rattle snake hanging on his spear. 
He spoke with annoyance in his tone “Beddune go in hut and check for more gonoids.” 
He saw a Beddune walk inside his hut and come out holding a large mouse by the tail.
Mason spoke “I’m not amused.”
He turned his attention to Eric still lying with eyes closed lion still sitting on him. 
He felt anger as a Beddune walked in his line of sight speaking “Your attitude isn’t Beddune way.”
Mason snarled some sound thinking to himself "They hate me." and heard River give out a cry of distress loudly. 
He growled as he yanked her arms off of him and took her arm walking into the hut pulling her. Once inside he let go to wave a fisted hand towards the entrance as he felt River’s hands on his chest. He stared at River whose hands massaged his chest and he felt himself calming down from his anger. He felt tiredness placed his hands around River and brought them to the ground gently to lie down. He shut his eyes with River’s head on his chest and sensed her asleep. 

Mason woke up hearing the sound of a bellowing howl which he recognized as the summoning howl and got up leaving River asleep walking out of the hut. He felt confusion as ropes were thrown around him pinning his arms to himself and felt himself yanked to the middle of the hut clearing. He felt his knees kicked forcing him to a kneel which he twisted his form to stare at his hut to see two male Beddune standing in front of it making hand gestures. He saw one of them wave a fist then walk away as the other Beddune walked inside his hut. 
He shouted “River!”
Mason groaned as a foot hit him in the face repeatedly till he felt wooziness and the kicking kept on coming which made him lie down falling unconscious. 

Mason dreamed of walking in a forest till he heard an unidentified roaring sound and saw a gonoid he recognized as a Rhino come charging at him from the bushes. He stood his ground as a figure he saw was Claws landed between him and the Rhino from the trees above. Claws he saw waved clawed hands at the Rhino while roaring some sounds. The Rhino he saw turned around and took off running into the forest. 
He frowned as Claws turned around facing him while holding up a clawed hand speaking “Take what’s mine is yours.”
He took Claws’ hand gripping it as Claws turned into a ball of light that went into his chest. He felt awareness arrive within him as the scene went black. 

He woke up hearing loud voices sounding like an argument as he found himself laying on sand surrounded by rocky walls with an opening overhead him. He heard the Beddune above him arguing about going down to check on whether he was still alive left alive by the rattle snake gonoids that live there due to River not acting like he’s dead. He got up to stare at the wall as an image of Beddune walking on it up to the rocky opening flashed in his mind’s eye. He followed the image walked up the wall reaching the top which he jumped up to land on the ground to see two Beddune with backs to him still arguing about going down to check on him. He walked up to the Beddune and tapped them both on the shoulder that stopped their arguing to turn around gasping which he grabbed their heads throwing them together who went down to the ground falling unconscious. He lifted both Beddune up and carried them to a tree walking up the tree trunk to deposed them on the branches and looked at his right to see a Drainer globe fly by which he followed his legs moving swinging back and forth as he glided in the air. He followed till the globe lowered landing on the ground and landed in a tree watching as the globe reverted getting smaller and smaller going inside the Drainer he recognized as Aiden who stood next to branches in an X symbol. He heard Aiden roar a bellowing howl and watched as a Beddune male walked out of the bushes towards him to face the Drainer. He frowned as he saw Aiden talking to the Beddune words unheard then walk away as the Beddune nodded his head. He waited as Aiden took to the air flying in a globe then jumped down from the tree to land behind the walking Beddune tapping him on the shoulder. 
He heard the Beddune gasp as the male turned around and hit him in the face who groaned out “Mason owe.”
The Beddune he saw hit the ground falling unconscious. He lifted the Beddune up slinging him over his shoulder and walked towards the camp as he saw a black shape glide by out of the corners of his eye. He walked through the bushes dropping the Beddune as a foot connected with his knees from behind nearly forcing him to kneel as ropes were thrown over him. He struggled with the ropes as he felt his strength nearly gone fell to kneel and was forced up by the Beddune surrounding him to their camp. He didn’t resists as the Beddune brought him to the middle of the huts and forced him to lie down which he shut his eyes falling asleep. 

He felt a hand touch his shoulder waking him up as he saw it was night time with his eyes showing night vision. He looked to see River who had two bowls besides her and he accepted the food and drink she gave him. He exhaled a breath as she hugged him once he was finished and he watched her go inside a hut and he lied down shutting his eyes.
Mason thought to himself "She loves me."
Mason sensed daylight and opened his eyes to find Beddune male and female gathered around him in a circle. 
He spoke “Why am I leading you?”
The females he saw scattered walking away as the males stared at him. He repeated his question as the males scattered walking away and he shut his eyes again falling asleep. 

He woke up to feel a hand touching his face patting his cheeks which he opened his eyes to stare at a male Beddune who yanked him up and took off the ropes off his form. 
The male spoke “Walk out with River now.” 
He felt River thrust into his form which he gripped her arm and walked out of the camp to the S path taking it silently walking pass the X symbol turning aside to walk into the bushes to a field. He stopped and hugged River who hugged him back then he walked out into the field of grasses. They reached the middle and he heard River groan loudly going limp with his arms around her. He felt a stick object poking out of her back as he felt a stinging pain in his back followed by sleepiness and gently lowered them both to the ground falling unconscious. 

He woke up in a hut with River besides him and he felt confusion running throughout him. He sat up crossing his legs bowing his head shutting his eyes as he projected himself in the camp. He looked around to discover he was back in the Leader hut with a Beddune standing in front holding a spear back to it. He felt himself back in his body as he sensed a hand touching his arm and he opened his eyes raising his head to stare at River kneeling in front of him with confusion in her eyes. He raised himself to a standing position as she did the same with her hugging him. He heard the familiar summoning howl from outside which he felt her let go of him and he walked out of the hut to stare at the guard. 
The guard spoke “We will be receiving visitors called by the name Unnamed Ones. What Unnamed Ones order, Beddune obey.” 
Mason sat down as River sat next to him. His eyes went to a spot between huts far on his right side as he saw a female Human wearing gonoid skin clothing walk in view escorted by two gonoids he recognized as wolves walking besides her. Female he watched walked up to his guard to stand in front of him as he saw one of the wolves stand on its back legs form shifting into male Human wearing identical clothing as the female with a similar look on their faces. 
He stared at the female as a headache arrived pounding in his head who spoke in a guttural voice “Stand up and tell me where you came from along with your name” 
He stood and spoke “My name is Mason and I’m from another world.” 
He heard the guard speak “He came from the gate.” 
He stared at the female who spoke “Go inside your hut now.” 
He obeyed followed by River which the headache got worse and he kneeled groaning softly falling to the ground. He shut his eyes as a memory of himself as a human walking naked in the forest at night time with arms to himself shivering with teeth chattering flashed in his mind’s eye. He in the memory walked till he fell to the ground curling in a ball shivering violently. He remembering heard a howl sound followed by several howls which he saw wolves come in his eyes sight running towards him. He saw the wolves change forms shifting into Humans wearing gonoid skin clothing and he shut his eyes feeling one of them touch his head as he passed out. Mason recalled waking up lying on something hard hearing a faint ringing noise and sees a bright light while hearing a female voice exclaim by her tone words not understood as he passed out. 

Mason roared a painful cry as the memory went away along with the headache leaving him. He felt River’s hands touching his chest as he felt himself pulled up to a standing position followed by her arms going around him in a hug. 
He heard her speak “The Beddune told me that their earliest memory is each being carried by an Unnamed One to Merra kid and placed inside then left there and they come out as Beddune.”
He looked at River in the face who grabbed his ear tugging it while narrowing her eyes. He spoke “I remembered being on another world walking through the forest at night time while feeling very cold that made me collapse to the ground. I was saved by Unnamed Ones who arrived and got help to me.” 
He paused as he heard the summoning howl and felt River let go of hugging him as he walked out of the hut to see Unnamed Ones standing next to his guard. 
He stood staring at them as the female spoke “Why does Mason reek of rattlers and their breeding grounds?”
Guard he heard spoke “Mason displayed an attitude towards gonoids that was not acceptable and was brought to the rattler’s place as a lesson.” 
Unnamed One growled some sound before speaking “I don’t buy this and I really want to know what was really going on.” 
Mason spoke “The guard told me that there was a rattler in my hut that I saw scaring my mate who they removed along with another gonoid I said I wasn’t amused along with a Beddune telling me that my attitude wasn’t Beddune way.”
Unnamed One spoke “The Beddune put Mason in the rattlers’ home as a way to get rid of which I’m annoyed about. My people told Beddune who can lead them when they were having their fighting among themselves. I’m further annoyed to hear that the Beddune are having a hard time accepting Mason as their leader which I expect they to accept by the time we return.” 
He frowned at the Unnamed One’s words and watched as the Unnamed Ones in their Human forms shifted to wolves that ran out of sight disappearing behind huts. He felt River’s hand on his arm pulling him which he sat as a female Beddune arrived carrying bowls in each hand setting them down in front of him. He ate and drank his fill giving the rest to River who finished off the bowls’ contents before handing the bowls to the female who walked away. Mason frowned as the memory of the Unnamed Ones flashed again in his mind as he heard a throat clearing noise looked up to see a male with arms folded. 
He stared at the male who spoke “I’m challenging you to a fight.” 
He stood up and spoke “I accept on the condition that the fighter wishing to stop say the words ‘I yield’.” 
He heard the male’s agreement walked to the middle of the camp followed by him and they stood facing each other. He brought his hands up as the male did the same then ducked as the male swung legs at him and he ducked as the male jumped at him. Mason avoided touching the Beddune and got out of the way of the male’s leg kicking and jumps aimed at him. He continued to do this till the Beddune roared some angry sound and charged at him full body attack which he stepped aside to see the Beddune fall hitting the ground twisting to land on his back. 
Mason stood staring at the Beddune who spoke in a gasping tired voice “I yield.” 
He heard voices chattering overlapping as he looked around him to see Beddune gathered around them. He walked towards River standing in front of his hut and as she hugged him. He felt the urge to mate running through him and he yanked her arms off of him and grabbed one of her arms. He pulled River inside his hut and pushed her down to the ground with his body following. He laid her down and laid his form on top of her while hearing her give out screaming sounds of shock. He saw her eyes widen as he entered her while feeling her squirm jerking as he thrust inside her. He felt no jolts of pleasure arrive as he moved in and out of her but disgust. He felt his disgust take control as he spilled himself inside her while hearing her screaming out cries of terror. He stared at River who stopped moving to lay with her eyes open staring at the ceiling. He pulled out feeling the mating urge gone and stood up which his senses blared an alarm. 
He sensed Beddune gathered around the hut armed which he mentally spoke “What will it take for the Beddune to accept me as their leader as in love me? What will take River to love me?”
He went out and felt ropes thrown around him and felt fists hit him in the head knocking him out.

Mason woke up in the Rattlesnake breeding ground again which he felt anger and closed his eyes thinking to himself "They hate me." 
He dreamed of the Unnamed One female speaking to him “Anger can make one blind to seeing things so be in a calm mood when fighting in battle.”
He opened his eyes and Beddune walked out of the cave and walked into the forests till he heard a sound he recognized belonging to a cow that walked in his line of sight. 
He stared at the cow a female who he heard a feminine voice in his mind speak “Sit on my back and I’ll lead you home.” 
Mason obeyed sitting on the cow’s back as the sun went low in the sky. He frowned as the cow continued to walk in the forest till she stopped and reached a tall spiny tree with regular tree limps at top. 
He heard her speak “It’ll be your sanctuary of rest from doing punishment to the Beddune.” 
He jumped off the cow and with a huge jump landed in the tree to sit with back on the bare trunk and he fell asleep. Mason woke up as he sensed night time arrived and he looked at his left to spy the Beddune camp down below. He jumped down from the tree and walked taking the S path to the camp which his feet led him to a large hut the largest of the huts and he went inside. He saw female Beddune lying in a circle with bowls of food and drink in a circle which he helped himself to eat and drink a little from each bowl. He stood up and walked out of the hut towards another hut which he went inside to see a male Beddune who lay unconscious with his chest moving up and down. He grabbed the male and yanked him out of the hut. The male he felt didn’t wake up from his touch as he yanked him to the stocks locking him in it. Mason felt annoyance aimed at the male as he bent down and snapped the ankles of the Beddune then he stood up to walk away. He waved his fist at the male then stomped towards his tree which he jumped up and sat with his back leaning against the bare trunk feet on a thick branch falling asleep. 

Mason woke up hearing the summoning howl coming from below his tree which he peered in the leaves to see several male Beddune gathered below some with fingers pointing at where he was hiding. 
He thought to himself “How did they know where I was hiding? Nevertheless I’ll find out.”
He jumped out of the tree to land near the gathered males who grabbed him and he felt himself forced walked to the stocks where they locked him in it. His eyes focused on River walking towards a male sitting cross legged with head bowed in front of a hut. 
He snarled feeling anger arrived as she touched the male’s hand that raised his head and got up taking her arm. 
He roared out “River is mine! I won’t tolerate any male touching her!”
He snarled as anger boiled in him as he saw the male pull River to the females’ hut which a female took her arm and brought her inside. He yanked at the wooden bars holding him in place as the Beddune went around their business in camp. He felt his anger boiling become a rage as nighttime fell. He felt the rage overtake him as he angrily yanked himself against the wooden bars breaking it in pieces off his form which he stormed towards a hut to find a male lying inside which he grabbed lifting him up. He yanked the male to an intact stock and locked him in place then bent down to snap his ankles. Then he went to the middle of the camp where there was a furry blanket seen and he lied down with his arms crossed diagonally and fell asleep. 

A sound of screaming in a male tone jerked him from the depths of sleep but he kept his eyes closed and waited as he felt a poke from a stick on his stomach poking him. He opened his eyes and looked to see males surrounding him with spears in their hands. 
He spoke “I won’t tolerate any male touching my female River without my permission.” 
The males in response he eyed hit him in his face with their feet which made him go unconscious. 

Mason woke up feeling a tipping feeling while feeling logs in his back with ropes tying it together. He sat up to discover that he was on a raft floating in the middle of the river going on a river current path. 
He angrily roared out an angry sound then snarled out loud “The Beddune is now my enemy for they’ll pay for rejecting me with hatred instead of loving me like I'm their leader when they should love me period.”
He sat crossed legged and bowed his head closing his eyes as he struggled to calm down with his hands unclenching and clenching to fists. He felt the raft bang against something which he opened his eyes to see night vision in his eyes and looked to see the raft banging against a big boulder that is next to the shore. He got up and walked off the raft onto the boulder which he turned around hearing a loud snapping sound to see the raft break apart in pieces. He felt himself calmer as he walked on land to a familiar tree which he jumped up landing among the branches. Mason exhaled a breath and sat with his back leaning against the trunk and feet on a thick branch as he shut his eyes and fell asleep. 

Mason dreamed of River sitting in a hut surrounded by sleeping female Beddune and saw that she had tears spilling from her eyes as she was crying. He dreamed as she lied herself to sleep and shut her eyes hands touching her cheek. He woke up with a start with the dream echoing in his head as he saw it was sunrise. He heard a howling sound coming from below his tree which he peered through the branches and their leaves to see Unnamed Ones milling down below in both wolf and Human forms. The Humans he saw were looking up staring at the tree where he was hiding. He frowned and got up jumping down from the tree to land on the ground next to the group. He kept himself still as the group surrounded him, Humans having angry expressions on their faces as one of them walked up to him with a fist raised. He kept himself still as the Unnamed One with the fist punched him in the stomach twice which he felt the blows as taps to him. He frowned as the Human Unnamed Ones grabbed him twisting his arms behind his back as ropes are tied on his wrists as a blind fold was placed over his eyes. He felt himself led into the forest going many turns that were twisted till the leading stopped. He sensed his wrists freed and the blind fold yanked off which he found himself back in Beddune camp. He kept his mouth shut as the Unnamed Ones led him to the stocks locking him in place as he watched an Unnamed One go up to a male talking to him words unheard then the Unnamed Ones left in wolf forms going out of sight behind a hut. He shut his eyes feeling exhaustion running through him and woke up feeling the stocks removed which he opened his eyes with night vision to stare at River who pulled him off the stocks to hug him. He felt her chin on his shoulder and her arms holding him in a tight grip and he threw his head up from the pleasure of her grip on him. Mason sensed River’s happiness as he was held then felt her let go of him. He lowered his head to stare at her as she led him to the middle of the camp to a blanket and pushed him down which he allowed. He went to lie by her manipulating and wrapped his arms around her as she lied down with her head on his chest along with her hand. 
Mason was up thinking to himself "She loves me." as he fell unconscious.
Mason woke up to feel River yanked from his arms to see females hauling her away. 
He heard her protest as she was taken “Mason is my mate and I should stay with him.”
He eyed the males standing surrounding him with spears in their hands pointed at him. He kept his mouth shut as they grabbed his arms lifting him to a standing position and forced walked him to the stocks where he again was locked into it. 
He thinking to himself "They hate me."
He frowned as he kept his eyes the Beddune going their business around the camp till night fell and he shut his eyes. He felt the stocks removed opened his eyes to stare at River who pulled him towards her hugging him. He exhaled a breath feeling her arms around him making him feel pleasure as she let go of him to pull him towards the middle of the camp where there was a blanket lying there. He didn’t resists as she forced him to a sitting position and was handed two bowls with nourishment in them which he gobbled up feeling himself ravenously hungry. Once done he felt River hug him which he wrapped his arms around her and gently lowered their forms down to lie on the blanket as he shut his eyes falling asleep as he felt River did the same. 

Mason woke up as he felt River yanked from his arms by seeing females hauling her away. 
He heard River protest “Mason is my mate and I should stay with him.” 
He stared at the males surrounding him who again grabbed him pulling him to a standing position and hauled him to the stocks where he again was locked in it. He kept his eyes open staring at the Beddune going about their work as night time arrived. He felt a stinging pain in his left leg and spotted River walking in a wobbling drunk walk towards him. He frowned as she freed him and pulled him off hugging him while slurring her giggling. 
Mason felt wooziness arrive spoke his words slurred “River are you alright?”
He wobbled as she kept slurring her giggling sounds and he wrapped his arms around her while hearing her give off laughing sounds in a slurred tone. He shook his head of the wooziness become dominant and he gently forced River and himself down to the ground to a lying position. He shook his head as his head fogged up with his eyes sight becoming blurry and he shut his eyes while hearing silence from River and sensed her asleep from her still breathing form as he fell asleep. 

Mason woke up to discover himself in a hut with both feet and hands tied together behind him as he lay on his side. He felt a powerful urge to mate running through him pulled at the ropes. The ropes he felt refused to give as he felt weakness hitting him. He again pulled at the ropes that refused to break which he groaned loudly slurring his groaning tones and shut his eyes falling unconscious. 

He came to find himself lying on his back ropes gone from him and he felt himself too weak to move as a male Beddune moved in his line of sight appearing to be leaning over him from a kneeling position. He felt a stinging pain in his neck and grimaced from the pain that overtook him making him sleepy and he shut his eyes. 

Mason woke up feeling some of his strength back but still weak as a feeling arrived within him that he weakly sat up to discover himself alone in a hut. He got up stumbling out of the hut to fall to his knees as he felt hands grab his arms lifting him up force walking him around the hut. He shook his head from the weakness feeling hitting his legs that made them feel weak as the back of the hut came in view. 
He felt one of the hands left his arms followed by his skirt lifted up and heard a male voice speaking “I insist you let go of it now.” 
He shut his eyes and groaned loudly as he relieved himself feeling himself getting better from the relieving. He felt himself stop and sensed that he was better but still sick as he opened his eyes and felt his skirt lowered in place as he was forced walked around the hut to the entrance where he was escorted inside to be placed in a sitting position. He exhaled a breath through his mouth as a bowl was brought to his lips and he greedily drank the contents he recognized the liquid as milk that tasted good to him then the bowl was removed to his regret as he shut his eyes. 
He felt himself lowered to a lying position as he passed out going unconscious thinking "They love me enough to help me." 

Mason woke up with a head on his chest and he felt with his hands a female form he recognized as River while feeling much better as confusion ran through him. He stared at River who raised her head to stare at him back which he sat up as she sat up. 
He again felt confusion running through him as River spoke “I’m told that a gonoid referred as Stinger built an underground tunnel nest with entrances marked by two stock poles and stung the both of us when we each were near the entrance holes. The Stinger stung up with poison which gave us different sicknesses.”
He frowned hearing her words as she continued speaking “I’m told that I wound up with some feel addicted to wanting people to hug me sickness while you wound up sicker than I with some acting like an angry gonoid and passing out sickness.”
He exhaled a breath from his mouth as River kept speaking “I’m told that the hunters had to flush out the Stinger from its tunnel nest to kill it for the cure to the poison which is several needle bones in the gonoid that have the healer in them which they would stick in the necks of the stung manoid. The healer from the bone would go in the sick manoid by hole made sticking the bone in the neck to heal them. It also requires the manoid to release the toxins out of their bodies as in relieving themselves to be completely healed.”
Mason opened his mouth to speak when he heard the familiar summoning howl from outside which he slowly stood up as River did the same. He slowly walked out of the hut followed by River to face two Beddune a male and a female both holding bowls in their hand grips which his stomach rumbled as he felt himself ravenously hungry. He sat down and was handed the bowls from the male as the female handed a sitting River the bowls. He ravenously ate and drank the nourishment from the bowls till there was nothing left and handed them back to the male as River did the same. 
He heard the female speak “Go back inside the hut and get some sleep for you need it to lead us.”
Mason felt tiredness arriving within him didn’t protest the female’s order got up and walked into the hut with River following. He laid his form on the furry rugged floor on his side as he eyed River doing the same. He wrapped his arms around her as she copied him each facing each other and he shut his eyes surrendering to the tiredness. 
He was thinking to himself "They love me."

Mason dreamed of himself Human wearing Human clothes walking in a city with tall towering buildings overhead with people walking by him in many directions. He slowed as he spotted a familiar figure walking towards him which he stopped to stare at the female with recognition. He saw it was Linda the woman who abused him walking in his direction not seeing him while holding a young toddler boy child in her arms. He stood with annoyance in him waiting as she came upon him eyes not seeing him and he easily blocked her way. He saw confusion in her eyes followed by no recognition in them. 
Mason spoke “Hello Linda, it’s the freak.” 
He saw Linda’s expression change to anger followed by annoyance in them and followed her as she walked aside him speed walking away from him. He turned and followed her walking into a building which he walked inside and followed her going up the stairs and he stopped as she went to a door pulling out a key. He flattened himself against the wall eyes on her as she let herself into her apartment slamming the door behind her. He narrowed his eyes as he went to the door and stuck his ear on it. He heard screaming sounds followed by a child crying then silence. He placed a hand on the door and twisted the knob which felt unlocked and opened the door to be met by the chain lock. He placed his hand on the chain and yanked breaking it in pieces then walked inside the apartment quietly closing the door behind him. He heard a loud sound of crying which he followed to an open doorway to see the boy standing in a crib and he felt anger arriving as he saw Linda was beating the child with a wooden spoon on his back. He felt his anger took control clouding up his eyes sight as rage arrived billowing through him. He found himself floating outside his body as he saw himself storm towards Linda grabbing her head from behind and gave it a jerk snapping her neck then dropping her body. He saw himself pick up the wooden spoon snapping it in half and began to throw his fists into her lifeless body repeatedly till he found himself back in his body himself standing over her. He exhaled a breath as pleasure arrived which he shut his eyes and felt the tension left him and he opened his eyes to stare at Linda which he brought a fist into her stomach. He exhaled a breath when she didn’t move from his fist and he turned around to face the boy child that he heard was crying. He reached into the crib and lowered the boy till he was lying inside and pulled the blanket to his stomach then stared at the child whose eyes closed. He turned and gave Linda a kick with his foot that didn’t move from that and he walked out of the room to the apartment’s front door which he walked out shutting it behind him. 
He leaned against the wall thinking to himself “At least she won’t hurt you any more. Be glad she’s dead and you won’t have to suffer from the pain of her hurting you.” 
He walked down the stairs walking pass an Asian male who stared at him as the male went up the stairs. He left the apartment building walking among the people as night fell and he found his feet led him to the building where his apartment was shared with Mina. He went inside walking pass the lobby to the stairs going up to his apartment which he let himself in with his key. He smelled food coming from the kitchen which made his stomach rumble as he hung up his coat and went to the kitchen to eat. Once done eating he helped her put the dishes in the dishwasher then went to his bedroom to sit in an armchair eyes staring at the walls as the events of him killing Linda echoed in his mind. His reverie was broken by Mina knocking on the open bedroom door which he looked at her seeing her blonde hair was wet and her in her pajamas. 
She spoke “Its bedtime, Mason and that I’m finished with the bathroom. Feel free to use it now.” 
He nodded his head as she left the doorway and he heard her bedroom door close as he got up going to his dresser and yanked open a drawer yanking out his pajama pants. He went out of his bedroom to the bathroom which he went inside closing the door and stripped himself of his clothes and got in the shower. 
He thought to himself as he washed himself with soap “The bitch Linda deserved what I did to her for the pain she gave me, she hating me.”
He smiled as he shampooed his hair to add thinking to himself “No child will go through the pain from her that I suffered of her hating me. I’m relieved that she won’t be causing any pain for death is permanent.”
He finished the shower and got out grabbing his towel to dry himself then put on his pajama pants and grabbed his clothes going into his room. He shut his door behind him as he placed the clothes in a laundry hamper in the corner and then turned off the light. He went to his bed pulling back the blankets and laid on it putting the blankets on his form while staring at the ceiling with night vision in his eyes. 
He thought to himself “I’m glad I killed Linda for it’s a fitting punishment for what she did to me. At least no child will suffer my fate from her hands.”
He smiled then shut his eyes and heard the door bang open opening his eyes to see a gun shoot at him and he felt a stinging pain in his chest which his hands felt a dart sticking in it that made him more sleepy and he surrendered to the sleepiness. 

Mason woke up to find himself sitting in a chair hands handcuffed behind him with a spot light above him surrounded by darkness. 
He heard a voice sounding electronic in male tones speaking “You must be Mason the one Linda kept referring as freak which she is dead from you-“
He felt anger arrive as he interrupted speaking “I’ve done nothing wrong killing her for she hurt me and deserves to die from the pain I suffered from her.” 
He paused as the electronic male voice spoke “I’m ordering you and your sister Mina at the next day to go to a location and be there at an afternoon hour to get in line with the others there who want to go to space on the newly created Shadonian warships.” 
Mason growled hearing the words as the electronic voice rattled off a location which he narrowed his eyes in annoyance arriving within him. 
He heard the voice continue “I’ll make sure that you and Mina are chosen and my people will keep the police from suspecting you for Linda’s death which we have evidence that you killed her and will keep the evidence out of their hands.” 
Mason spoke “I disagree with your order and your manipulations for I don’t give a damn about them. I’ll show in court that Linda abused me which I have scars from that all over my body and that I saw her hitting the child with a wooden spoon on his back who has welts from her hitting him.” 
He frowned as he saw a light flash in front of him as a force field like projector screen appeared showing an overhead view of Linda hitting a child in a crib’s back with a wooden spoon followed by himself walking in view to stand behind Linda grabbing her head with his hands twisting it followed by her falling to the floor. The view he saw showed his face which had a sick smiley look on it followed by him bending down with his fists hitting Linda. He heard a humming whine sound as the force field projector screen went blank and faded from his eyes sight. 
He heard the voice speak “We had Linda under surveillance and were aware of her abusing you which we were planning to trap her in the act of abusing the child we gave her as bait for a trap to put her in jail for a long time with you as a witness to speak as a victim of her abuse.”
Mason felt anger arriving within him which he angrily spoke “Linda’s death is satisfactory for me for she won’t stay in jail permanently for abusing isn’t worth the life sentence.”
He heard the voice speak “Our evidence show that you purposely killed Linda something that is frowned upon among people who will see that you will be put away in jail permanently.”
Mason snarled an angry sound as the voice continued speaking “Do what I ordered you or find yourself in jail on a permanent basis.” 
He snarled out “I agree to your terms.” 
He felt a stinging pain in his neck as he felt sleepiness arrived and shut his eyes falling asleep as the scene went black. 

Mason jerked his eyes open as he felt himself as Beddune and his eyes focused on the hut’s ceiling which he sat up feeling River not in his arms. He felt a hand touch his arm on his left which he looked to see River sitting next to him with concern in her eyes. 
He stared at her as she spoke “You were jerking violently in your sleep like you were having a bad dream and was growling loudly. I couldn’t wake you up no matter how I tried.”
Mason frowned at her words and spoke “I was remembering something bad happening in my life before I became one of the Beddune.” 
He stared at her as she leaned forwards wrapping her arms around him. He felt sleepiness arrive and placed his hands on River pulling him towards him as he lied down with him holding her. He shut his eyes and fell asleep. 

Mason dreamed of himself as Human with his long black hair down while wearing black shorts covering his privates while standing on a beach with vast water in front of him lapping it. He sighed feeling the warmth of the air and stiffened as he felt hands touching his back tracing the scars there. 
He spoke “I don’t like you touching me there.”
He felt the hands stop touching him and felt a hand touching his scarred muscular arm which he looked to see a female Human with long black hair wearing a black bikini covering her chest and her privates stare at him with River’s familiar eyes. He frowned as he recognized her as River while seeing her recognizing him as Mason. He stared at River who let go of his arm to walk to stand in front of him with his head moving eyes following her. 
He felt warmth flow within him as she hugged him while hearing her speak “I’m sorry.” 
Mason sighed feeling her holding him placed his hands on her back while leaning his chin on her forehead. He felt his eyes watering as tears fell and he cried wailing his cries in a loud tone. 
He wailed in a weepy tone “My mother died and that I was found by a woman named Linda who called me a freak that hit and cut me with whatever she could lay her hands on which I have scars from that all over my body from her repeated abuse as I grew up.”
He paused to sob then continued speaking “Linda had a male mate who did some hitting and cutting himself causing me some scars and that the male killed himself.”
He groaned then added “My dream I had was a memory of myself finding Linda in a city with a child in her arms, confronting her and following her to her home where I saw her hit the child on the back with an object. I lost control getting a rage episode which I killed her and felt pleasure from it.”
He paused to grip River tighter as he continued speaking “Someone hidden told me that they caught the killing with their technology and gave me an ultimatum of leaving my home planet with my sister or stay and be contained for the death which I chose to leave my home planet to travel with my sister and others to other worlds.”
He cut himself off to give out a cry of pain as his knees became weak and he lowered himself to the ground while feeling River’s hands still on him as she followed him down. He placed his head on her shoulder and kept weeping as his arms around her tighten its hold and he shut his eyes as he felt himself going unconscious.

Mason woke up feeling himself as Beddune with River in his arms. He kissed the top of her head as he felt her stiffen to his kiss. He frowned as he gently rolled them till he was on top of her and felt her stiffen some more which he saw a fear look in her eyes. He got up pulling her up and hugged her as he heard her give out a cry of pain. He frowned as he stared at her in the eyes which showed pain in them. He gripped her arms in a gentle grip while hearing her give out a gasp of pain and saw pain in her eyes. He frowned as a memory of himself lying on the rugged ground eyes closed waving his arms and hitting them on River who in the memory was struggling to remove herself from him. He frowned as the memory went away he saw hurt in her eyes with no affection in them. He let go of her and walked out of the hut to stand with arms folded and saw River follow him out carrying her bag. 
He stared at her as she spoke “Freak, for hurting me.” 
He stiffened at her words as she walked away walking towards the females’ hut. He turned and walked inside the hut and shut his eyes as the memory of Linda beating him while chained flashes in his mind’s eye. He jerked his body from the memory moving in tandem with his body in the memory as painful spasms flare inside him. He kneeled as Linda in the memory freed him from the chains as he falls to kneel while jerking from her hitting him with a wooden spoon. He restrained himself from showing any emotion on his face as he in the memory did the same as Linda is beating him. Mason lied down on his side as he in the memory did the same with Linda kicking him in the sensitive part with her sneakered foot. He gritted his teeth to keep from screaming as he did the same in the memory. He in the memory felt Linda stop kicking him which he laid on his back as he remembering does the same. Mason abruptly senses the memory leave him followed by a powerful urge to mate billowing through him. He opened his eyes to see River leaning over him from her kneeling position. He rolled to his side and felt her hands pulling him towards her as she lied on her back with him on top of her. 
He felt her legs part going to his sides while hearing her whisper “I need you to mate with me to help me get over my shock of being raped by a male Beddune.” 
Mason kept his mouth shut as he placed his hands on her sides and slowly entered her with his sensitive part his eyes staring at her open eyes. He hesitated moving as he felt River tensed up. He held himself in position eyes staring at River’s who is staring at his with a frown in them. He felt her hands gently rub his shoulders as he felt her legs touch the back of his legs. He moved himself slowly till he was fully up to the hilt inside her and paused feeling her struggling to relax. He held himself in check as he sensed her tension leaving her. Mason slowly moved thrusting in rhythm while feeling River lying still not meeting his movements. He eyed River in the eyes that had a range of emotions in them as he moved. He felt the urge to mate leave him as he spilled himself inside her while gritting his teeth to keep himself from roaring out from the pleasure feelings running through him. He stared at River who closed her eyes and felt her shake from shock followed by her shaking stop. He gently lowered his face to kiss River on the lips with his lips and felt her relax while sensing her kissing him back. He with regret broke off the kiss to kiss her forehead while feeling her legs tightens its hold on the back of his legs. He hugged River who gave off a sleep sound and felt her legs release its hold off his legs which he pulled out and laid his head on her chest and felt himself drifting off to sleep which he closed his eyes. 

Mason dreamed of himself as Human naked chained to the wall in a kneeling position with arms above him. He could see the window shades were down as he stared at the lighted lamps in the room. He heard a door open and close and saw Linda walk into the room with a glare on her face as she was followed by a woman wearing a scarf on her head, sunglasses on her face, a long trench coat, high heels on her feet and long earrings in her ears. He stared at the women. 
Linda spoke “I recommend you take him chained. I don’t trust him to try to back out of this.” 
The woman nodded her head then undid her trench coat showing her naked form which Mason stared at as she took off her high heels. He frowned as the woman dropped her trench coat and walked forward towards him and he stiffened as she straddled him with her legs. He frowned as he felt her hand on his sensitive part and exhaled a breath as he felt himself guided into the woman who moved over him with her hands he felt touching his shoulders. He felt himself after several rubbing movements by her spill inside the woman and rolled his eyes from the pleasure feeling running in him. The woman to his regret pulled herself off of him and got up as he opened his eyes watching her go to her shoes and trench coat putting them on followed by leaving the room. He stiffened as Linda marched up to him and slapped him on the face which he frowned staring at her. 
Linda spoke with anger in her voice “You enjoyed that, you freak. Well you won’t enjoy what I have planned for you.” 
He bared his teeth growling loudly as she backed up from him staring at him with a frown. He snapped his teeth as anger arrived within him as he narrowed his eyes in a glare at her. He saw Linda back up and run from the room slamming the door. He tugged against the chains holding him in place as he snarled loudly. The door to the room opened and he saw Linda walking in followed by a male wearing an apparent woolen mask covering his entire head showing only his eyes. He saw Linda point to him as he growled some angry sound and saw the male pull out a knife from his pocket and went to him kneeling in front of him. Mason snapped his teeth and jerked as the male with a gloved hand grabbed his sensitive part thrusting the knife towards it and jerked his head back shutting his eyes as intense pain arrived within him while groaning loudly. 
He heard the male speak “I recommend you do this if he shows any enjoyment, Linda.” 
He felt the male release his hold on him and lowered his head while hearing them walk away closing the door. He forced open his eyes to look down staring at himself which he saw pale yellow liquid spilling from it that began pooling the floor around him. He shut his eyes as everything went black. 

Mason jerked his eyes awake staring at the hut’s ceiling while feeling himself lying on his back and he sat up to feel a hand touch his arm. He looked at his left to see River with concern in her eyes stare at him from her sitting position. 
He stared at her with confusion as she spoke “You were jerking and growling in your sleep. I couldn’t wake you up no matter how I tried.” 
He raised a hand and touched her hand touching his arm gently rubbing as he rubbed a hand on his forehead. He heard the familiar summoning howl got up and walked out of the hut followed by River to stand staring at a female Beddune holding bowls in her hands. He sat down as the female placed the bowls down at his feet and he ate and drank his fill giving the rest to River who ate and drank the rest before handing the female the bowls. He exhaled a breath looking around the camp with a frown on his face. He jerked as the memory of Linda hitting him with a belt as he was chained in a kneeling position flashed in his mind’s eye. He shut his eyes putting himself to kneel while feeling hands touch his head and his face leaning against a female body he recognized as River’s. 
He heard River’s voice speaking which he concentrate on the words “It’ll pass, concentrate on the now.” 
He jerked as he felt spasms of pain running through him as the memory ran through his mind which he brought his arms around River while groaning in distress loudly. He breathed hard through his mouth panting as he tightened his hold around River who rubbed his head with her hands. He felt the memory leave him and he pushed himself from River to stand up. 
He heard a male voice speak “I request to touch your back, Leader.” 
He felt River hug him and heard her speak “I insist you do it.” 
He nodded his head and grimaced as he felt a clawed hand touch his back his clothes pulling apart from the hand touching him. He stiffened as he felt the hand trace the scars on his back then breathe of relief as the hand stopped touching him followed by his clothing reverting back into position. 
He heard his guard speak “I’m hearing a rattler in your hut. Allow me and another to take it out and any gonoids in there.”
He nodded his head as he saw the guard walk inside and stared at the entrance as the guard came out with a snake hanging off his spear stick. He watched as another male walked inside and came out with a large mouse by the tail. 
He spoke “Is the squeaker a female? Perhaps she has a nest in the hut.” 
He stared at the male holding the mouse lift it up to his eyes and spoke “Squeaker’s a female.” 
He frowned as another male walked in his line of sight which he followed with his eyes going into his hut and then came up with part of his skirt up while hearing multiple soft squeaking noises. 
The male with skirt up spoke “The Squeaker had a nest in the hut, which offspring is found.” 
He frowned as the males stared at him which he heard a female voice mentally in his mind speaking “I’m called Merra who is speaking to you in your mind. I instruct you to tell the Beddune to get the squeaker mother and offspring to a hollow log on the ground and leave them there.” 
He spoke repeating Merra’s instructions to the Beddune who walked away going around the hut. 
He spoke mentally “Your name’s Merra? Do you by any chance know of Erra and Terra?”
He heard her speak “Their, my sisters from another planet called Shadan which I see you came from there like I did. I suggest you sit outside your hut till night fall to show that what ailed you is mental and not physical so the Beddune will be aware of it.” 
He frowned at Merra’s words and obeyed as River let go of him. He sat down as she sat and eyed her picking up two sticks with a cloth square from it making it a bit bigger. 

Night fell, Mason walked inside the hut with River following him. He went to lie down as she lay down next to him on her side with a hand on his arm. He fell asleep and dreamed of Linda freeing him from the chains as he felt his strength was strong. He roared out a cry and attacked Linda who showed surprise on her face as his hands grabbed her neck gagging her. He narrowed his eyes in a glare as Linda clawed his hands on her neck with her hands while struggling to breathe. He tightened his hold on her neck as she gagged gasping for air then closed her eyes going limp in his arms. He brought a hand to her head and another hand to her chin then with force snapped her neck and dropped her lifeless body on the ground. Mason breathed of sight of relief. He jerked as spasms of pain hit him hard and discovered himself kneeling while chained as he felt pain all over him except his face. He saw Linda with a bloody sharp knife in her hand cutting him with cuts. He grimaced from the pain shut his eyes. 

Mason woke up with a start jerking from spasms of pain running throughout him. He sat up moving to a standing position which he darted out of the hut running as the spasms of pain got worse. The spasms of pain as he ran made his knees weak and he fell towards the ground as the memory of Linda cutting him flashed in his mind’s eye. He jerked from pain while shaking his form all over him and opened his mouth giving off a cry of anguish as he screamed out cries of pain. He rocked his form back and forth while crying out his pain. Mason put his form on the ground on his side curling in a ball with hands on his head still screaming out his cries of pain. He jerked as the memory in his mind went away as Linda in it walked away from him and he remembering heard a door closing sound. He stopped his crying as the spasms of pain left him and he panted gasping for breath as he sat up to put himself in kneeling position. He shut his eyes struggling to breathe through his nose as he felt himself becoming calmer and he raised his head to stare at the sky with night vision. He got up from the ground to stand and looked around him to discover he was next to two branches shaped in an X symbol with a path leading from it. Exhaling a breath he followed the path walking through the bushes to enter the Beddune camp which he stared at the huts looking around with a frown. His senses sounded an alarm as he looked around and he walked to his hut entering it to see River sitting up who stood up seeing him with worry in her eyes. He went to River to gently place his hands on her shoulders as she placed her hands on his chest the worry in her eyes going away. He lowered his head and kissed her on the lips while feeling her kiss him back. He broke off the kiss to kiss her forehead and brought his arms around her in a hug as he felt her arms go around him hugging him back. 
He heard her speak “Mason, are you alright?”
He spoke “I’m alright, River.”
He sigh the Beddune sleep sound and laid his form down pulling River with him and he shut his eyes falling asleep. 

Mason woke up lying on a raft in the middle of a river. He stiffened as he got another memory of Linda hitting him with a whip making him chant his words as the painful feeling ran through him. He felt the raft move didn’t pay attention to it as he continued chanting till he heard a throat clearing sound along with water lapping sound. He stopped his chanting to open his eyes to see Unnamed Ones standing facing him both in wolf and Human forms and the raft is on a beach. 
A female Unnamed One asked him for his name which he says “Mason”. 
The female asked him his family name which he replied “Patrick.” 
He stood up as the female added "I request you to come with me now." 
He followed her leading him through the forest taking a long walk to a clearing where there are a series of huts and teepees with fires surrounded by rocks gathered around in the area. He frowned as he is led to a hut where the female gives off a howl sound and a male wearing gonoid skins like the Unnamed Ones comes out which he sees with shock that the male has his face but appeared to be older with streaks of white in his black hair. He heard the female said "This is Mason Patrick. And I'm calling you, the male by the same name with the word Senior at the end." 
He stiffened as he remembered a male he called Dad several times flash in his mind’s eye who is similar to the male staring at him whom he realizes was his father. Mason and Senior stare at each other despite him sensing something odd about the male. They both take halting steps forwards till Senior lays a hand on his shoulder which he felt a little happy about. 
Senior tells Mason "I had dreams of a younger version of myself I assumed is Mason himself being abused while chained. Days after you and your mother left me to travel to a city." 
Mason spoke "It was no dream. I was abused by a woman named Linda who had a male as her mate who inflicted some of the abuse on me. The male killed himself. I met Linda again in the city carrying a child in her arms. I caught her beating with an object which got me very angry to kill her-" 
Mason cut himself off to kneel and wail weepy noises as he rocked his form back and forth before curling in a ball on the ground still wailing away. 
He passed out and came to discover its night and saw next to him sitting cross legged is a young male with a Human face and Shadonian like eyes staring at him who spoke "The Beddune wanted Mason to release his pain of the past by healing from it." 
Mason frowned as the young man added "Your chanting words will bring help whenever you're in trouble and can’t get out of the situation without getting hurt." 
Mason stood up as an image of River came to his mind’s eye. 
He heard the male speak "Mason has the ability to communicate with certain gonoids who are domesticated by Humans. One will act as his guide taking him to the Beddune camp."
The male pointed a finger and he heard a moo sound to see a cow walking towards him. 
He heard the cow mentally spoke "Get on me back."
Mason obeyed and the cow walked into the forest which he lied on the cow and closed his eyes falling asleep. 

He was waked when the cow spoke again "Get off and go to the tree." 
Mason saw is the same tree he stayed in when the Beddune exiled him. He went to the tree and fell asleep but is waked by senses blare an alarm bothering him whom he flew to tree tops to peer over the Beddune camp. Mason gasps to see a large giant snake gonoid looking like giant anaconda snake moving among the huts. He landed on top of the female hut to see River walk out and see the snake gonoid see her rearing up with fanged teeth shown. He bends down and yanked River to the top of the hut.
She comments "They travel in pairs." 
He sensed something on his right to stick his foot out hitting another snake gonoid in the neck area who flied backwards falling towards the ground. 
Mason heard River speak "The snakes are poisonous and are too fast for manoids to kill."
He begins chanting his words and saw the snakes react jerking as he sees spiny gonoids that looks like porcupines walking on the snakes’ bodies who are shaking then saw the snakes twist onto their backs with head down and lie still. He quit his chanting saw the porcupines appear to be stinging the snakes’ eyes with their stingers and then walk away. He picked up River and jumped to trees to his tree to sit on a thick branch with his back leaning on the trunk and held her as he spoke "A question, River. Why you came out of the hut instead of staying inside for your safety?" 
River spoke "You can’t see or hear the Guardian like I can. It's him who told me to tell you things about the snakes." 
Mason sensed his senses blare again which he assumed is the Guardian and then sensed River had fallen asleep which he closed his eyes falling asleep. 

He woke up hearing the familiar summoning howl sound and felt River rousing from her sleep which he peered through the tree branches to see two Beddune gathered down at the tree’s base. He carried River jumping down to land next to them. 
One of the Beddune remarks a comment "Mason being useful." 
He is thinking "The Guardian telling the Beddune about the events of the night." 
He kept his mouth shut as he lowered River to her feet and together the two walk with the Beddune to camp. Mason frowned to see female Beddune gathered around the snakes appearing to be tearing at their skin with knives and yanking out stuff from them while putting them in bowls besides them. Mason frowned as he and River are led to a hut he sat with River beside him doing her familiar sewing while he watched the female Beddune attack the snakes’ dead bodies who seemed lengthy with their attack to his confusion. 

Night falls Mason went inside a in a hut with River while trying to sleep. He had a memory of himself after returning to Beddune camp from exile going into a hut and yanking out a male Beddune who appeared to be dead to the world. Mason recalled that the male Beddune was moving his chest as if breathing and putting him in the stocks then snapping both ankles then going to his familiar tree. He remembered waked by a summoning howl and peering through the leaves and branches to see Beddune gathered at the bottom pointing where he was hiding. Along with another memory of himself running out of a hut towards the X symbol in the ground to freak out screaming out cries then have his senses blare when he arrived back to the camp. Mason woke up shaking his head to sit cross legged which he bowed his head closing his eyes and suddenly felt a hand on his arm.
River’s concerned voice speaking "I'm asking if you're alright?" 
He opened his eyes to look at her. He frowned as she walks to stand in front of him and straddles him. He recalled a memory of three women appearing to be out of it each having a turn straddling him in the similar position raping him while he was chained. He felt anger yanked her off of him and threw her on the ground with his form leaning over her, hand gripping her neck. He saw a frown with worry in her eyes which he released his hold on her neck.
Mason spoke "Linda, my abuser had females mate with me while I was chained up in sitting up positions. I'm bothered by that by you doing that to me hence I furious." 
He lied down stomach facing the ground pulled by River to lay the side of his head on her chest closing his eyes while feeling her hands rubs his head. He dreamed of himself standing next to the X symbol in a path and walked to the Beddune camp to see Beddune walking out of huts. Beddune appeared to be going through them like their ghosts and saw that they don’t see him. He saw gonoids he recognizes as wolverines eating the remains of the anacondas’ bodies which he watched with interests. Mason saw his hut which his feet take him to. He walked inside going through the wall like a ghost to see a female Beddune sitting next to his form head lying on River’s chest who is awake. He saw her looking at the female Beddune and heard her and the female talk subject about Mason who seems hurt mentally and is reacting painfully from the hurt. The scene goes black and he found himself back in his body feeling River being still despite her breathing with his head on her chest. 
He kept himself sleeping as he realized thinking to himself "The Beddune at night when asleep become astral or ghosts unseen and unheard by me but sensed by my senses. I figured that was how the Beddune knew I was in the tree and where I was hidden judging by them pointing at where I was." 
Mason passed out to dream of memory of the three out of it women raping him and then once done Linda arrives in the room and hauls them one at a time out while slamming the door each time. He saw Linda return with a wooden spoon in her hand which she used to hit him on the cheeks several times then he sees her pull out a syringe from her pocket. She injects him in his neck and he falls unconscious which he wakes up in the small crawl space room he was found in by the cop and the lady with her microphone. Mason remembered another memory of being in the hospital wearing a hospital gown lying in bed staring at the door to the room and reacting with growling whenever a nurse with white skunk streak in hair comes in to check on him. 
He got up to pace barefoot in the room then yanked open the door to walk out walking in the hallway while hearing the nurse yell behind him "Your supposed to be in bed!"
He continued walking and was grabbed from behind by arms. He resisted growling animal like as the arms haul him struggling to his room tossing him to the bed where there are other nurses there who restrain him as chain cuffs are put on his wrists and ankles. He continued to roar animal like as the nurses leave him struggling on the bed. He got a headache that pound in his head which gets him to shut his eyes throwing his head up with painful gasping sounds. He felt a hand touch his hand which soothes him and stops the headache. He gripped the hand to sigh loudly and lowers his head to open his eyes to stare at a female with long blonde hair and blue eyes that appear sad. She, he saw who appears to be his age and is wearing a hospital gown herself sitting in a chair next to his bed. 
He stared at her as she speaks "My name is Mina. I'm sorry that you're suffering in pain and want to help you feel better." 
He managed to speak "I'm named as Mason-" 
Mason was interrupted by a nurse coming into the room speaking "Mina! You should be in your room resting!" 
Mina to Mason’s shock protested "I wanted to be with Mason, who's my brother who needs me to heal from his pain!" 
Nurse spoke "I'll be taking that up with my boss but I insists that Mina go to her room and gets some rest. I’ll see that Mina can visit again to see Mason as he's called."
Mason frowned as Mina leaned over and kissed his cheek which he widened his eyes at the gesture and watched her leave the room which he smiled a smile as the nurse eyed him then left the room. He shut his eyes falling asleep as he remembered another memory of lying on a porch while hearing a doorbell ring and hearing voice exclamation. He passed out and woke up lying on a couch with clothes and blankets on his form his head on a pillow and there’s a cloth on his forehead that seemed wet. His eyes sight is blurry as he saw movement and felt a hand touch his cheek which he rattled off his phone number and Mina’s name and his name before closing his eyes. He fell asleep and was waked by a hand touching his cheek that seemed familiar and soothing to him. He saw Mina leaning over him next to the couch wet cloth gone from his forehead. He pulled out a hand from the blankets towards Mina who gripped it as he found himself better and he sat up. He saw an old woman wearing a dress with boots on her feet and a scarf on her head walk in his line of sight putting a hand on his shoulder which he stiffened to the touch. 
He heard the old woman speak "Mason should be alright from the fever he had and the wound on his back has healed up quite a bit." 
Mina he stared, at sat next to him putting an arm around him as the old woman released her hold on his shoulder. He felt soothed by Mina’s arm grips her other hand in a gentle grip in his hand as he stares at the floor. A tray with smells of food is thrust on his lap and he eats the food and drink in a fast motion ravenously after letting go of Mina’s hand. He sigh once done puts the tray next to him on the couch to feel Mina’s hand has his hand again which he grips while having a hint of a smile on his face. He was pulled to a half lying position head on Mina’s lap which he shut his eyes falling asleep while feeling her hand stroking his forehead as he relaxed with a smile on his face and scene goes black. 

Mason as Beddune woke up to discover himself lying on his side spoon fashioning River with his arms around her. He brought a hand and rubbed the side of her head while hearing a pleasant moaning sound come from her. He exhaled a breath rubbed his chin on the top of River’s head which he stopped as she rolled over to face him. He stared at her eyes that had affection in them as he felt her hand touch his cheek gently rubbing which he felt was pleasant to him. He brought a hand to River’s cheek and gently rubbed as her hand went to his chest over his beating heart from inside him. Mason breathed deeply as he put his hand on her shoulder and pulled her towards him arms going around her. He rubbed his chin on the top of her head while feeling pleasure as her hands rubbed his chest in a gentle rhythm. Mason heard the summoning howl from outside his hut sat up pulling River with him. He stood up as she stood up and didn’t protest as she hugged him her head leaning on his shoulder then she let go of him to put a hand on his chest over his beating heart. He breathed deeply brought a hand to her hand and gripped it then let go as she removed her hand. He walked out of the hut followed by River to stare at a Beddune holding a spear that turned around to face him. 
The Beddune spoke “You know what the Guardian looks like.” 
He nodded his head Beddune style which was similar to the Human nod gesture in understanding as the Beddune turned around back to him resuming guard duty. 
He heard River from besides him echo the Beddune’s words in questioning tone which he replied “I figured what the Guardian was from what I did to Beddune at night time and them finding me in a tree pointing out where I was hidden.”
He frowned as he felt River’s hand on his arm which he looked at her and felt the hand tug him pulling him which he sat down crossed legged as her hand left him. He sat staring at River watching her sew make a small square become bigger which he looked behind him at the cloth covering the hut’s entrance and what she was sewing with recognition. He saw that the cloth entrance and the cloth she was putting together appeared to be the same which he frowned to look around the camp at the Beddune doing their work. 

Mason wound up told by Beddune "Beddune Leader, go inside hut now!"
He saw females going inside huts in response to that order. 
He was hearing more from the Beddune "It's due to a storm coming judging by the sky." 
Mason went inside hut with River sits with her sewing as he stares at the blanket covering the entrance which he heard a booming noise. He recognized the noise as thunder as the blanket at the entrance flaps open due to the wind showing rain pouring outside. He saw two strings at the bottom corners of the flapping open blanket which he grabbed to tie the blanket down attached to the hut which keeps it from flapping open. He felt tiredness goes to sleep while feeling River putting her head on his chest. He was waked up by his senses blare an alarm and by River shaking him while sensing the storm is gone from outside along with sensing its night time. He sat up while hearing multiple dogs barking sounds from outside his hut. 
River to his shock abruptly sits on his lap clinging to him in a hug with her face on his shoulder which he senses her shaking and realizes "It’s from fear." 
He hears a loud roaring noise of an unidentified gonoid and feels River become clingier hugging him tighter while shaking harder. He frowned listening as he again hears multiple dogs barking sounds and stiffened as the blanket covering the entrance appears to budge forward as if a hand was pressing into it. Then the blanket flops back into position as he again hears the multiple dogs barking sounds followed by an unidentified growling sound that gets River’s hold on him super tight while feeling her bite his shoulder with her teeth. He felt his senses blare feeling arrive within him that go away as the multiple dogs barking sounds become fainter and faint then go away. He heard River give off a soft low toned wailing noise that sounds like crying as her super tight hold on him become looser and looser. He put arms around her in a hug and held her as she loses it. He rubs his head on her head cradling her in his arms as she wails her cries in a low soft tone. 
He heard a loud male voice from outside in a foreign language which he translated to himself speaking “I know you’re in one of those huts. I’ll find you and will feed off of you once I have my way.” 
He frowned hearing the voice as River cuts her wailing to bite his shoulder with her teeth while again shaking. He again feels her cling to him in a super tight grip. 
He heard the voice speak again “I’ll find you mark my words, Lilly. Feeding off of you will be my pleasure ha-ha.” 
Mason again hears the multiple dogs barking sound and frowns hearing them sound so close like their outside his hut and sees the blanket budge forward as if a hand is pressing it. 
He heard the male voice speak “You’re in there! Do you think your patsy blanket will stop me from getting you?!”
Mason roared a nonsense sound as the blanket flops back in place and again hears the male voice speak “Nice try Lilly. Nothing can defeat me and you know that from your puny fighting me along with the men you had fighting me which I easily defeated.” Mason again sees the blanket pushed forwards and sees a metal like hand go to the string at the edges breaking them which is followed by the blanket kicked up then flopping back down. 
He hears the male voice speak in a compelling tone “Come on out and fight me.” 
Mason stands up with River still clinging to him and walks to the entrance pushing her off of him to walk out to stand staring at the scene. He sees dogs about six of them appearing to be the Husky breed milling around in front of him and sees a manoid standing behind the milling dogs. He sees a tall male form wearing metal like armor covering the form with a fabric cape sprayed behind him and sees the face is covered by a metal mask that makes him think of the sun and the head has fabric coming off the mask sprayed around the facial mask. 
He hears a male voice he assumes is coming from the manoid speaking in a compelling voice tone “Some challenge. He’ll be easily defeated like the others. Come to me.”
Mason’s senses blare an alarm finds his feet won’t move which he frowns staring at the manoid. 
He again hears the manoid speak in a compelling voice tone “Come to me” which his senses again blare an alarm and he finds he can resists the manoid’s voice order. 
Mason resists the manoid’s compelling voice tone when he repeats the words which cause his senses to blare an alarm each time. He narrows his eyes and folds his arms with hands fisted as he stares at the manoid who growls some angry sound then roars the unidentified roar sound before stomping towards him.
Male heard speaking "I'm losing my touch with getting Lilly's men to fight me." 
The manoid he watches reaches him with a fist swinging at him which he easily ducks to jump aside of the manoid’s other swinging fist. 
He heard the manoid whine with a whining tone "Not fair! Man not standing still for me to fist!" 
Mason moves away from the hut as the manoid continues to throw punches at him that meet air from Mason avoiding them. 
The manoid he hears in a compelling voice tone speaks “Stand still.” 
His senses blare and he finds that he can move despite the manoid’s repeated words in a compelling voice tone. Mason easily avoids the manoid’s punches and steps aside to avoid the manoid’s low kicks aimed at his legs. 
Mason hears the manoid again whine in a whining tone "Man not fighting back and I'm doing all the fighting." 
The manoid stops throwing punches then runs towards the hut only to be tripped by a dog lying sprawled on the ground. 
Mason hears the manoid yell "Damn dog!" towards the dog and sees the manoid roll onto his back.
He frowns seeing two dogs plop themselves on the manoid’s front one on his chest and one on his legs who snap their jaws at the manoid’s hands when the manoid tries to remove them. 
He sees a third dog join the two by sitting on the manoid’s stomach who yells "Damn dogs, It's time for you to get off!" in an annoyed tone. 
The dogs to Mason’s frowning refuses to get off as two other dogs go to the sides of the manoid and he sees the animals snap their jaws at the manoid’s arms whenever the manoid raises them up. He sees the sixth dog the manoid trip over give off a yawn and lie down appearing to fall asleep. 
Mason hears the manoid yell with annoyed tone "I'm ordering you damn dogs to get off!"
He found the dogs refuse the order which he shakes his head of disgust and walks back to his hut going inside. He sees River sitting across the entrance with a fear look in her eyes which she gets up and runs towards him grabbing him in a hug and hears her burst into a soft low toned crying sound. Mason hugs her back gently lowers her and himself to the ground with his arms still around her feels her shudder. 
He hears the manoid from outside yelling "Damn dogs! Can't you move or do something?! It's dumb of you to pick this time to sit on me!"
He frowned hearing the manoid's voice aimed at the dogs growls some disgusted sound as River cuts her crying and becomes still which he senses her fallen asleep. He closes his eyes falling asleep passing out and is waked by summoning howl of a Beddune which he wakes up River by rubbing his hand on her cheek and she sits up as he sits up. He stands up as she stands up and he walks out of the hut followed by River to see a female holding bowls in her hands. He sits as River sits which female hands he the bowls which he eats and drinks then gives the rest to River who eats and drinks then hands the bowls to the female who walks away. He spies on the ground nearby are the six dogs scattered on the ground appearing to be asleep judging by their curled in balls positions. 
He sees the manoid is gone, hears the guard Beddune speak "The Naran." He assumes manoid. "Has been put in stocks asleep with the barkers not giving any resist to them moving him." 
Mason asks River "River, what the Naran has done to you?" 
The guard Beddune speaks for her "The Naran has been tormenting River using his voice in some tone to make her scared of him. He sucking her blood with sticking some needle wooden stick object in her neck that he drinks from through a hole in his masked face. This has happened repeatedly a few nights prior to your arrival." 
Mason hears a familiar roaring noise gets up and walks to the stocks followed by a male Beddune walking besides him which he sees the Naran is awake struggling to free himself from the stocks. 
Mason asks Beddune "What about yanking the Naran’s mask off?" 
The Beddune speak "Any male who does that finds themselves compelled to wear it becoming the Naran. Along with the female who takes it finds herself using some compelling voice tone to make people freeze. As she finds the nearest male to put the mask on him."
Mason hears the Naran speak in a compelling voice tone in foreign language words not understood which his senses he feels blares an alarm as the Naran continues using his compelling voice tone. He stands with arms folded roars some nonsense sound as the Naran stops using the compelling voice tone starts talking in a whiny whining tone in foreign language words not understood. 
He asks the Beddune "What the Naran is saying?" 
The Beddune escort says "I don’t know what the Naran is saying but the Naran is acting like a child speaking in his childish voice tone." 
Mason feels disgust mentally calls "Merra! I'm asking you about what the Naran’s problem is!" 
Merra he hears "Just wait while I scans the Naran."
He sees reacts screaming out nonsense sounds. 
Then he hears Merra say "The Naran is sick from drinking River’s blood which is poisoning him along with not expelling his waste and has to be reminded of doing that. The Naran be given milk for him to tube suck and have a rock hit hard at the waste expelling area will get him to release the toxins. The Naran is supposed to be sucking on his dogs whose blood is best for him to avoid being sick again." 
He senses Merra leave his mind and hears the Beddune next to him ask "What Merra was talking about for I sense her conversing with you." 
He speaks "She was scanning the Naran who is sick from drinking River’s blood and should be given milk to drink along with having a rock hit him where he gives off waste to get rid of the toxins along with being reminded to do that from time to time. Merra told me that the Naran is supposed to be sucking on his barker gonoids whose blood is best for him to avoid being sick." 
He stands watching as a male Beddune arrive carrying a bowl filled of white liquid to the Naran and watches as the male yank out a stick from the Naran’s sleeve sticking it in mask and thrust the other end into the bowl. He hears a loud slurping noise come from the Naran who spits out the tube which the male puts back on his sleeve. He keeps an eye on the Naran as another Beddune arrives with a large rock in his hand which he bangs on the Naran right at the sensitive part area and hears a loud groan noise come from the Naran and sees yellow liquid pouring out from the Naran between his legs that fall in a fast motion. 
He stands with arms folded to see that the liquid has stopped and he ordered "The Naran freed now!" which is obeyed. 
The Naran he watches once freed charges at him which he stands aside and trips the Naran who hits the ground with a groan sound. 
He stands watching the Naran as he hears Merra’s annoyed voice tone speaking words sounding like she’s talking to the Naran "I'm telling you to drink from your dogs the barker gonoids who’s job is to keep you fed besides being your escorts and your playthings." 
Mason frowns as he watches the Naran sit up and sees a dog sit on the Naran’s lap on his haunches facing the Naran while appearing to sniff his masked face. He sees the Naran pull out his tube sticking it in the dog’s neck and hears a sucking sound then sees the dog jerk itself away followed by another dog taking its place to sit on the Naran’s lap. Mason watches as the remaining dogs have their turn being sucked by the Naran’s straw who puts away straw to stand up and is sniffed in the private by the dogs with their noses. 
He hears Merra’s voice speaking sounding like she’s talking to the Naran saying "The dogs are telling you that your body wants to expel waste which is what the dogs are doing sniffing you in the area." 
He hears a loud groan sound from the Naran and spies yellow liquid pouring out of the Naran from between his legs. He walks away to his hut to see River sitting with a wide eyed fear look in her eyes which he stands with arms folded with her at his right side. He watches the Naran walk by his hut with his dogs scattered around him pause to speak something in a compelling voice tone in foreign language and he hears River groan loudly. Mason turns to look at River who has hands on her forehead as he spies out of the corners of his eyes the Naran with dogs walking away going around a hut disappearing out of sight. He squats to put a hand on River’s shoulder that shakes her head before lowering her hands to look at him with the fear look gone from her eyes. 
Mason spoke "I insisted on you, River to go inside the hut with me now." 
He senses she does and once inside the hut kisses her on the neck while having hands on her back. He hears her sighs some sound which he recognizes as female Beddune sound of pleasure followed by her giving off a sleep sound which he gently lowers her to the ground and holds her as she falls asleep. He closes his eyes falling asleep only to wake up hearing the summoning howl. 
He gets up and walks out to face the Beddune as River walks out carrying her bag speaking "I'm insisting on having Mason stay away from me." which she walks away towards the female hut. 
Mason takes a step in her direction and is blocked by his guard thrusting his spear weapon in front of him. 
Mason is confused on River’s attitude mentally asks "Merra! I want an explanation!" 
Merra explains to Mason "River before the Naran came and tormented her was she had some attitude towards males as in wanting to be independent and alone without her life controlled by a male. You should keep your mouth shut on what I told you. Confront River at night time when the Beddune won’t be able to interfere with that." 
Mason mentally speaks "I give my agreement." feels Merra leave his mind. 
He sees guard staring at him who asks him "What Merra wanted?" which he instead of answering walks into his hut to kneel fisting his hands. 
He mentally rants to himself "I’ll get River back as mine if I have to make her life miserable for her rejecting me. I’ll get her tonight." stops his mental rant to lie down on his back closing his eyes falling asleep. 

He wakes up sensing its night time gets up and marches out of his hut towards the female hut walking inside where he spots River lying asleep. He grabs her by the arm yanking her up which wakes her up and hauls her protesting out of the hut to his hut and inside it. He blocks the entrance to glare at her which she speaks "Beddune males don’t harm females" which he laughs out loud in a sarcastic tone at her comment which cuts her off. 
He speaks "You are mine. I expect you to stay at my side as my mate. I find your rejecting me intolerable which I won’t accept." 
He walks towards River as she backs up her back hitting the wall of the hut which he reaches her places a hand on her neck to grip the area there. 
He feels her knee him in the groin which he shakes off the pain to comment "I have been hurt there a lot worse than the pain I'm feeling by your knee hitting me there." 
He grabs her shoulders and tosses her down on the ground on her back which she back crawls away from him as he walks towards her. He in a blurring speed forces her in a lying position and puts himself on top of her who she struggles hitting and clawing him with her hands. 
He speaks "You doing your worse if you want, River. I have suffered more pain than what’s your giving me." 
He proceeded to rape her which she still struggles against him as he is mating with her. 
Once done he keeps himself inside her as he grabs her head to speak "You are forever mine. I’ll see that your life will be miserable for rejecting me until you accepted me as my mate." 
Mason kisses her on the lips while feeling her trying to bite him then he moves his hands to her back and falls asleep while on top of her with himself still inside her. 
He hears her crying out a wailing noise but stays asleep as he mentally thinks to himself "I’ll do this every night to her until she has accepted me as her mate as her payment for rejecting me." 
He wakes up in the morning by a summoning howl to feel River is asleep which he pulls out and walks out of the hut to face a female Beddune who has a bag in her hands.
Female spoke "I'm requesting River have it." which he takes into his hut. 
He kneels next to River to gently rub his knuckle on her cheek then kisses the area then again rubs his hand on it as she is asleep. He again hears the summoning howl comes out to face another female Beddune who has food and drink bowls which he takes to sit down eating and drinking then once done gives back the bowls then goes back inside his hut to see River is awake eyes staring at the ceiling which he feels sleepiness arrives lies down on his side next to her with an arm around her and goes to sleep. He dreams of an overhead view on himself lying asleep and River next to him who gets up going to her bag pulling out a small wrapped bundle which she unwraps to reveal food like substances which she eats all of it then lies down choking loudly then closes her eyes choking stops. Scene goes black as Mason finds himself in the stocks and its night time. He finds that he can’t free himself from the stocks no matter how he struggles. He hears a boom of thunder following by heavy rain falling down drenching him wet and making him feel very cold. The falling rain makes him feel very cold and he finds himself freed from the stock and hugged by River who feels very warm to him which helps him with the coldness. Mason senses River is out of it as the coldness feeling makes him shiver violently which makes him get out of it as River leads him to the middle of the Beddune camp which they both lie down. He passes out with her in his arms while shivering violently and wakes up lying in a hut feeling really hot which he is too weak to get up as he sees a male Beddune leaning over him who puts a hand on his forehead and forces his eyes closed which he again passes out. 

He wakes up feeling ravenous hungry to discover two bowls next to him one filled with food and the other something to drink which he takes in till there’s nothing left in the bowls. He feels himself a bit weak lies down and goes to sleep dreaming of the beach himself standing in the buff as a Human facing the moving water as a naked female as a Human walks in his line of sight eyes staring at his sensitive part. He sees holey scars on her neck uncovered by her hair she puts on her back. He keeps his eyes on her as she reaches out both hands and touches his sensitive part which he exhales air from that for her hands feel good to him. He continues to stare at her as her hands stop touching him to release her hold which her eyes meet his which he can’t tell how she’s feeling for their not showing anything. He reaches out a hand to gently touch her on the shoulder as her eyes lower going back to his sensitive part her hands again touching him there. He refrains himself from feeling pleasure as her hands are all over his sensitive part and feels her hands movements which he senses are tracing the scars on it. 
He feels the urge to speak speaks "I've suffered great pains every time they hurt me there with their weapons mostly knives. I got used to the pains of them hurting me there along with my body. I don’t admit to people that I'm hurting when I have pain or pain from injuries a habit I took up after awhile of being abused." 
Mason stops talking to lower his hand from her shoulder as he stares at her hands touching him. He sees her hands stop touching him and feels them go to his back followed by her hugging him which he allows. Scene goes black and he wakes up Beddune alone in a hut and finds himself much better and walks out of his hut to see Beddune walking out of their huts as the light of sun rise becomes brighter. He spies on River coming out of the female hut and sees her sit down her right side facing him then he hears a throat clearing noise of his guard who he looks.
Guard speaks "Beddune staring at Beddune is a way of enemy staring at enemy before going into a fight." 
He frowns then sits cross legged to avert his eyes staring at the ground in front of him. A pair of Beddune feet walks in his line of sight. 
He looks up to see a male Beddune "I insist to you on fighting me with the fight ends when the loser has hit the ground." 
Mason finds himself compelled to accept verbally saying "I accept." 
He gets up following male Beddune to the middle of the camp where they fight male Beddune doing a lot of leg kicking and punching at Mason who blocks them with his arms and hands. He feels tiredness arriving quits the blocks to walk out of distance from the male Beddune’s leg kicking and punching each time their aimed at him. Male Beddune he sees does a jump kick with leg aimed at Mason who grabs the leg tossing him overhead behind him. Mason turns around fast as the male Beddune flips into a flip gymnastics move before continuing his assault on him. Mason feels himself really tired stops moving to stand with arms in front of him blocking the male’s assault which he feels his arms become dead weight as tiredness hits him hard. 
He hears a voice speaking unsure where if it’s in his head or hearing it with his ears "You should allow yourself defeated for it’ll bring sympathy to you." 
His arms become too heavy that he stands and doesn’t block a foot hitting him in the chest which he falls backwards hitting the ground and shuts his eyes allowing tiredness to overtake him which he passes out going unconscious. 

He wakes up to find himself lying in a hut with his body feeling heavy due to feeling another body with a female form lying on top of his which he senses is River herself and feels too weak to move her so he shuts his eyes closed and passes out. 

He dreams of seeing himself standing and watches a male Beddune with foot aimed at his chest hits him there which he sees himself fall backwards hitting the ground going still with eyes closing. 
He watches as a female Beddune which he recognizes as River by her eyes running towards him to kneel and to grip his head with her hands while angrily yelling "Mason is appearing to be having some sickness that he was still recovering from! Challenger took advantage of to kick his seat in a pointless fight!"
He sees her turn her head away from Challenger to kiss him on the cheeks while cradling his head with her hands while speaking words "Mason staying with me and heal from his sickness. I’ll claw any male’s private if they try to challenge him in a fight if he’s not recovered fully without my say so." 
He sees River’s hands massaging his face as the scene goes black. 

He wakes up feeling weak to feel a hand rubbing his forehead sees River leaning over him who places her other hand on his cheek while she speaks "I’ll claw any male’s private if they challenge him to a fight when he’s not fully recovered from his sickness without my say so for I means it." 
He sees her turn her head towards the entrance while speaking her words in a loud tone of voice then watches as she turns her head back towards him while feeling her hands rub his face which feels good to him. He stares at her whom he sees affection in her eyes staring at him and he gives up a moan sound as he feels her hands massaging his face followed by her leaning down to kiss him on the lips. Then she breaks off kiss to stare at him in the eyes with the same affection look in them. He feels her hand on his forehead move to cover his eyes which are forced closed. 
He hears her speak "Mason, you should be getting some rest for you needs it." which he obeys keeping his eyes closed allowing himself to rest. 
He feels River’s hands touching him from the face to his chest and lower till it touches him on the sensitive part to grip it. He gives off a moan sound as her hands play with his sensitive part but he keeps his eyes closed as River’s hands leave him followed by them touching his face rubbing gently and he passes out going unconscious. 

He wakes up by the summoning howl which he finds himself a bit better but still feeling weakness which he gets up as he feels River’s hands on his arm which he looks then walks out with her following. He is handed bowls to eat and drink which he leaves some of the nourishment to River to take the rest which she does. 
He sits with River doing sewing as a male walks up to him "I'm demanding to fight with you."
He hears River with a loud tone "I'm insisting that Mason isn’t ready and I’ll claw you if you continue your demand." 
Mason frowns as male Beddune continues "I insist on fighting Mason despite his female's useless words." 
River gets up charging towards the male but is restrained by another male arriving there who keeps her from talking by hand over her mouth. 
Mason gets up as the male spoke "I insist you fight me with the fight ends when the loser hits the ground." 
Mason hears the guard tell him "You should accept to keep his honor." 
He folds his arms and keeps his mouth shut eyes staring at the male Beddune who continues to insist to him to fight him. Mason walks a few steps away from the male who roars out an angry cry which he turns around and faces the male who charges body attack at him which he jumps aside using his foot to trip the male’s feet who hits the ground face first. 
Mason speaks with arms still folded "You should consider yourself defeated." then glares at the male restraining River with narrowed eyes while lowering his arms to fist his hands while growling an annoyed sound. 
He sees male release River who darts towards him her grabbing him in a hug which he accepts. 
He mentally speaks "Merra! I'm asking you to explain the male Beddune’s attitudes towards me!"
She replies "From scans tells me that the Beddune are playing some manipulation game to get you and River back together."
He gulps hearing but refrain from commenting as she added "You should not tell the Beddune what I told you. Only tell them that you asked me to scan you to check some thing which I have already done and found you fine." 
He is asked by guard "What Merra told you?" 
He replied "I asked her to scan me to find any problems which she has done that and said that she found me fine." 
Mason gets tired speaks "I wants to go inside the hut." 
He is let go by River and he goes inside followed by River which he lies down with her head on his chest and he falls asleep passing out. 

He wakes up feeling his senses blare an alarm and his eyes fall on the blanket covering the entrance that is moving back and forth like something is pressing on it. Mason removes River gently off of him to sit cross legged to astral project which he sees an anaconda snake in front of his hut using its tail to move the blanket and sees another anaconda on top of the hut curled in a ball position with head on top. He looks around the camp to see that the two anacondas are alone which he breaks off astral projection to get up walking out to face the anaconda who rear up with mouth open then in a fast move tries to bite him which he discovers something is preventing the anaconda from closing its mouth over him which he senses the other anaconda on top of the hut trying to bite him and is having trouble closing its mouth over his shoulder. His senses blare an alarm which he gently grabs the anaconda facing him by the head closing its mouth and rubbing the head gently with his hands. He feels a large piece of plastic like skin stuck to the anaconda’s head and chin which he tears off then does the same to the chin area tearing it off then releases his hold on the anaconda. He watches as the anaconda shakes its head then stares at him with its eyes before gliding away on the ground and he turns around to see its companion moving off the hut both going into the bushes disappearing out of sight. Mason goes back into the hut to River which he lies down and gently moves her till she is partly on top of him her head resting on his chest and he closes his eyes falling asleep. 

He wakes up sensing River’s head is off his chest and her hand is rubbing his cheek while sensing its daylight outside. He wakes up to stare at her as she kisses him on the lips which he rolls himself and her over till he is on top then breaks kiss to feel her other hand has gripped his sensitive part pulling him towards her which he feels her legs part accommodating him. He guided by River enters her and feels her hands go to his shoulders as his hands touch her sides. Mason feels charges of pleasure each time he enters her while he and her are moaning loudly as she is meeting his movements. He spills himself inside her while feeling an intense charge of pleasure inside him that he roars out a cry while hearing her give out a loud moan sound. Mason relaxes himself while still inside River as she rubs her hands on his head and he stares at her in the eyes seeing affection in them as he feels affection towards her which he kisses her on the lips then with regret breaks kiss and pulls out to sit up as she sits up. He feels her hands on his shoulders which he grips one of her hands bringing it to his cheek holding it in place while pressing his face into it. Mason hears the summoning howl gets up as she gets up and walks out followed by River to face a male and a female both holding bowls filled with nourishment. He sits as River sits and their handed the bowls which they eat and drink till nothing is left then they hand back the bowls and the two Beddune walk away. Mason gets challenged by a male Beddune to a fight which he doesn’t give out his answer right away but stares at the male while feeling a strange feeling that brings dread to him. 
Guard spoke "I insisted that you accept."
Mason verbally says then gets up to middle of the huts to fight male who uses legs, arms and fists aimed at Mason who avoids them getting out of the way till the male charges at him full body attack and he steps aside tripping the male who falls to the ground. He hears a strange sound come from the male as he hits the ground face forward then kneels to pull the male on his back which he sees a large rock with liquid stain on it where the male’s face was on it which he realizes that the male’s head hit it. 
The male to his shock grabs his hand speaking “Leader” in a groaning tone then hands flop to the ground eyes closed. 
He hears a rasping sound come from the male whose breathing he senses gets cut off. He senses the male has died and sees the body shrivel up turning into dirt which he stands up and in a daze walks to his hut not seeing the others and walks into his hut to kneel with arms gripping himself while rocking his form groaning loudly as there is pain in his chest which he shuts his eyes. He has a memory of himself very young standing next to a male with his face he recognizes as his father himself a head below his father’s waist which he feels the familiar strange feeling that brings dread to him. His father picks him up to carry him into a room he recognizes as a kitchen then groans loudly before falling to the floor pining him with his body. Mason remembering senses his father give off a rasping sound which his breathing was cut off and form going still that made him cry tears from the uncomfortable feeling of his father’s body on him. He continues to remember wailing for a long time which no one seems to hear him and sees that it becomes dark in the room and his father’s body is becoming heavy on him making it hard for him to breathe. He hears glass breaking sounds followed by voices yelling words he doesn’t understand and blinks his eyes as light turns on illuminating the room which he hears voices speaking of shock followed by his father’s body moved off of him and he sees people wearing blue uniforms that one takes his hand pulling him out of the room out of the house to outside where there is a crowd standing with vehicles flashing lights and he is put in one of them while falling asleep. Mason remembering realizes the memory was of his father’s death and realizes what was the strange feeling that brought dread to him was and opens his eyes breathing hard while staring at the hut’s walls as the pain in his chest goes away and he struggles to relax while feeling a hand touch his shoulder which he recognizes as River’s. He releases his hold on himself to feel her other hand pulling him towards a direction which he doesn’t protest and feels the side of his head on her shoulder which he puts an arm around her while struggling to relax from the memory of his father’s death echoing in his head. He feels River’s head touching his head as her hands are rubbing him with her arms around him. Mason gets better sits up to feel her hands touch his face and sees she has a worried expression in her eyes. 
He speaks "I was remembering my male parent’s death which was sudden that happened when I was a child whose height was below my male parent’s waist." 
Mason hears summoning howl gets up and walks out of the hut followed by River to see guard facing him who spoke "I'm asking you if you sensed anything wrong with the male you fought that passed away after hitting the ground." 
Mason replies "I felt a strange feeling that made me feel dread. Thanks to a memory thinks it was a warning telling me that death was about to happen to the fighter who wound up passing away." 
Guard he sees shrugs his shoulders Human style then turns around to do guard duty which he sits down to peer out of the corners of his eyes to see River doing some sewing which he sees the square she’s making has become a bit larger. 
Mason gets challenged to a fight by a male Beddune which he feels the strange feeling again verbally with authority in his voice "I insists to the challenger to drink milk first then I’ll fight you with fight ending with who hits the ground loses the fight." 
Male, he hears "I refuse your milk order! I insist you fights!"
Mason gets up roaring with anger in his voice "I'm not fighting unless you have drunken milk for I refuse to cause another Beddune’s death thru fighting!" 
He hears Guard verbally "I'm backing up his milk order. I insist to the challenger to drink." 
Female he sees arrives carrying a bowl filled with white liquid hands it to the male who drinks it all up then hands bowl back to the female then speaks his fighting demand. Mason won’t answer as the male cuts off his demand to burst into spasms of coughing repeatedly followed by giving off sneezing sounds. 
Mason speaks "I'm not fighting the challenger who seems sick till the male has healed from the sickness hitting him." 
He sees another female arrive putting arm around the sick male and taking him away towards a hut which they both go inside it. 
He notices guard staring at him with head cocked and a questioning look in his eyes which he speaks "The feeling I talked about was felt towards the sick male hence I insisting the male drink milk." 
Guard he sees nods head before turning around back to him which he feels River’s hand on his arm and hears her 'I insist you go inside the hut." 
He does with her following then is slapped on the face by her which she yells "You're a monster!" then grabs her bag and walks out of the hut. 
Mason feels his knees weak falls to the ground shaking while feeling painful spasms of pain running through him. He after the feelings goes away walks out of the hut to see River sitting with females among the female hut.
He speaks out loud "I’ll get her tonight." then storms inside the hut to lie down falling asleep. 

Night falls he senses goes out of the hut to the female hut to see River is gone which he walks out and hears her scream. 
He goes around the female hut to see her with back to it and in front of her is an anaconda snake which he mentally "Thanks." 
Then grabs her arm hauling her towards his hut while feeling his senses blare an alarm. He falls to the ground when there is a stinging pain in his chest and lies on his back with eyes open. 
He hears Beddune voices talking "River! Stay with him!" repeatedly along with saying "They belong together!" 
River he sees kneeling next to his form freaks out screaming. 
He hears a loud voice he recognizes as the voice that told him to surrender when in a fight "River let go and heal from the pain." 
He watches as River bursts into tears weeping loudly while rocking her form back and forth. 
He sees her hand touch his chest pulling out a thin stick object while hearing the Beddune "We insist, River to stay with him for they belong together." 
He finds that he can move again moves to sit up which he stands up and gently takes her arm and finds no resistance from her as he takes her to his hut and goes inside with her. 
Once inside he lays River’s form and himself onto the ground and hears her "I beg to go inside me."
He obeys entering her and mates with her while feeling charges of pleasure and sees by her closed eyes and moaning sounds that she is feeling the same as he is. Once done he stays inside River to stare at her face which he hears her give off a female sound of pleasure followed by her hands touching his upper back staying at the area which he settles himself on her from being on top of her and shuts his eyes falling asleep. 

Mason dreams of himself as a human walking in a city in a street that he was alone and it was at night time. He is confronted by a male wearing raggedy clothing flashing a knife which he with instinct shots out his right hand grabbing the male by the throat and lifts him up in the air feet dangling and throws a left fist into the male’s stomach before throwing him towards the wall who crumples up groaning loudly. He continues walking till he reaches his apartment shared with Mina in a building and goes inside and is blocked by an Asian male who annoys him by refusing to get out of his way which he feels anger grabs the male by the throat lifting him up to dangle his feet then throws him towards a wall before walking away to the stairs which he takes to a hallway to the apartment which he enters to find Mina not inside but the answering machine on the phone is blinking. 
He remembers how Mina touched the answering machine which he touches and hears her voice speaking "My boss ordered me to go on a business trip. I'm not sure of the time I’ll be gone. I left a card with a money account in an envelope for you to use to buy food on the kitchen table." 
He spies an envelope on the kitchen table as the message ends as scene goes black. 

Mason as Beddune senses daylight wakes up to stare at River who is asleep and he gently pulls out of her to lie on his side besides her with a hand rubbing her cheek which she wakes up to stare at him with pain in her eyes. He gently gathers her in his arms and sits up with her still in his arms to hug her while hearing her give out soft crying sounds and he rubs his chin on the side of her head leaning against him. He gently rocks their forms in a slow movement back and forth as he feels River calm down as her crying sounds stop and senses her better which he keeps his arms around her holding her in a hug. Mason hears the summoning howl which he speaks "I can stay in the hut with you if you don’t feel like going out." 
River speaks "You should go out anyway." 
They get up and he walks out followed by her to see male and female Beddune both holding bowls which he sits as she sits and he and her eat and drink from the bowls then hand them back. 
Mason frowns as his dream a memory he recognizes echoes in his head as a male stands in front of him "I'm insisting you fight me." 
Mason doesn’t answer right away slowly stands up to walk till inches from the male. His left hand before the male could react shots out grabbing the male by the neck lifting him up dangling his feet and Mason growls loudly while fisting his right hand. 
He feels River’s hand on his arm and hears her "I insists you put the male down." 
He obeys slowly then releases the male while feeling anger arriving as River puts an arm around him and covers his eyes with her hand and he feels her lean against him. 
He hears her speak in a soothing tone "I'm insisting you to calm down." 
He struggles to calm down. Mason remembers another memory of himself walking in an empty street when he is confronted by four males.
One of them is the male human who threatened him with a knife he sees points to him speaking "He's the freak that kicked my seat." 
He feels anger hearing the word freak. He is surrounded by the males who attack him together and he allows his anger to take control which he in a blind fury loses sanity as he meets their attacks with his fists and allows the rage to take control of him turning him madder. He comes to find all four males lying on the ground with heads at an angle and is blinded by a glare of headlights shining in his eyes which he stands while feeling a prick of pain in his chest to see a dart embedded in it and it makes him sleepy and he falls unconscious. Mason remembers waking up tied in a chair wearing nothing but his underwear shorts and he is underneath a spotlight surrounded by inky blackness. 
He hears a voice speak "The males, you fought are dead from you using your fists on each of them after knocking them unconscious on the ground. Once you finished your fisting you grabbed their heads and snapped their necks hence their heads at a weird angle." 
Mason frowns as the voice speaks "The Shadonia has accepted yours and Mina’s applications for going on their warships. You with Mina will be sent to a location to learn how to function aboard the chosen warship." 
He feels a prick of pain in his chest to see a dart and he falls unconscious. 

Mason as Beddune finds himself calm with anger still running in him a bit and feels River release her hold on him which he sit down as she sits. 
He is challenged by a male "I insists you fight me and not hold back on anything." 
Mason hears guard "I insists you accept." 
He verbally says "I give agreement." then gets up to walk in the middle of the camp with the male besides him. 
He waits with hands fisted as male attacks him and feels anger consumes him and he growls loudly letting fury take control and meets the male’s attack allowing rage to take control losing sanity. Next thing he knows he is kneeling with his forehead on River’s shoulder who has her arms around him while kneeling and his arms are restrained behind his back by four pairs of Beddune hands as he feels anger running through him. 
He hears River’s voice "I'm urging you to calm down." 
He shuts his eyes breathing hard through his mouth as he feels her hands massage him on his upper back. 
He manages to speak "I'm asking about the male I fought and if I killed him."
He hears River speak that "Challenger is still alive but will be down for awhile and possibly won’t challenge you any more despite multiple challenges to you who fought him each time." 
Mason shuts his eyes and clamps his mouth shut to breathe through his mouth as he struggled to calm down. Mason fall asleep wakes up with River besides him in his hut asleep while sensing its night time.
He hears Beddune voices and listens as they talk "Mason's not Beddune. He's not acting Beddune way. River has been staring at the female hut with some pleading look in her eyes when the females stare at her." 
Mason feels sleepiness falls asleep. 

He is waked by the summoning howl which he walks out with River following to sit with her doing sewing. 
He sees a male march up to him "I'm demanding to fight you." 
The guard spoke "How I’ll know if Mason defeats him it’s not from the sickness he had?" 
Mason listens as male and guard get into an argument which annoys him and he gets up to place hands on the males digging his nails on their shoulders while speaking "You should quit your argument." 
The males agree then get in another argument about who should walk away. 
Mason gets more annoyed grabs them both by the neck and lifts them up while speaking in an annoyed tone "I won’t tolerate you arguing in front of me." 
He puts them down and storms into his hut to kneel which he gets a memory of himself sitting in a high chair staring at a kitchen where he could see two people he recognizes as his parents who were arguing about what name to call him. 
He hears his father "I insist on the name London!” 
His mother speaks "I refuse to accept by insisting on the name Mason!” 
His father fists his mother in the face who falls back hitting the floor which his father yells at his mother "The name London stands! I expect that command obeyed!" 
Mason feels a hand touch his shoulder jerks to his left to see River standing next to him who raises a hand and blows mist into his face that gets him to cough and makes him sleepy which he falls unconscious hitting the ground. 

Mason wakes up hearing lapping water and feels small stones poking in his back which he gets up to discover that he’s on a small island surrounded by water with three trees on the island. The trees he eyes have limbs that lean over the water forming an over head bridge to another tree limb that is leaning over the water. Mason eyes the trees that are spiny jumps up only to find something on his ankle holding him to the ground which he looks to see rope tied around his ankle and pulls the rope that is leading away from him to some place else till it leads to a crocodile like gonoid that is walking on the rope towards him. 
He hears a female voice mentally "I'm ordering you to allow the gonoid to bite you despite you smelling of food to him which the gonoid will learn his mistake and tell the others not to bite you." 
Mason obeys standing with tense form as the crocodile charges towards him and he stiffens as the gonoid gets its jaws on his leg then releases its hold to turn away going into the water. He finds that the rope is off his ankle from the crocodile biting him there which he yanks off. 
He again hears the female voice "I'm ordering you to go in the water to wash off the food scent." 
He does and then hears the female voice "You're to use the tree limbs as a bridge to cross the water." 
He gets onto a tree to spot a bald eagle sitting on a nest in the branches that eyes him and he hears a female voice "I'm ordering you to follow the Unnamed Ones if you see them." 
Mason nods his head then uses the limbs to cross the water to the other side and spots the Unnamed Ones about three of them in wolf forms heading towards the water which he watches them lap the water drinking then follows them traveling on the ground going around trees and bushes. He travels by jumping to tree to tree and gliding till he smells smoke and see them reach a clearing which they change forms to Human and he follows them to a tree which gives off ringing thumping noises and he sees objects hanging off the branches giving off the noises which he hears howling noises looks down to see Unnamed Ones armed with objects near his tree looking at the tree. 
He jumps out of the tree to land on the ground which Unnamed Ones surround him and one tells him "The Beddune say he ran away." 
Mason hears a moo sound followed by a female voice mentally telling him "The Beddune will stop their rejecting if they see you seeing them as an ally and not an enemy." 
Mason speaks "I had a case of bad memories popping up that I couldn’t will them to go away-" 
Unnamed One interrupts saying "You ran away because of the memories?"
Mason speaks "I have run away before due to the bad memories and has come back to the Beddune last time I did that." 
Unnamed Ones he sees grab him and he feels a blindfold placed over his eyes followed by him forced to walk with direction seeming less to him. 
He finds himself stopped and blind fold removed to find himself back in Beddune camp and hears an Unnamed One tell Beddune "If Mason runs away you should try to follow him and bring him back to camp instead of us having to do that." 
Unnamed Ones leave as Mason spies River sitting next to female Beddune at a hut who looks at him with a fear look then looks away which he frowns at and sees the sun light is going away which he spots the females going into their hut and he goes into his hut and lies down falling asleep. 

Mason dreams of himself standing on a beach naked and he sees in front of him is a female form he recognizes as River who has her back to him while naked. 
He goes to her pulls her hair off her back to see scar marks on her back and hears her speak "I was dominated by females for most of my life. I craved independence and not be dominated by males hence my trouble accepting you." 
Mason finds his senses blaring warning abruptly ignores it to walks around till he’s in front of her to gently put his arms around her to hug her which his head leaning on hers. 
He speaks "I give an apology, River." 
Mason hears her speak "I should have fought my forest instinct and stayed in the city. I was independent something I wanted. Along with having a hard time accepting myself having a male as a mate who’ll dominate me. Something I'm still is having problems with." 
He hears her pause then add "I have accepted you as my mate but you being a male who’ll dominate me is the problem I'm struggling with to accept." 
Mason exhales a breath hearing her words while feeling her hands touch his back and feels her lean into him while hearing her crying sounds of wailing. He gently rubs her back as he rubs his chin on her head and feels her arms around him tighten which he feels sleepiness shuts his eyes. 

Mason wakes up as Beddune lying in his hut while sensing its daylight outside which he gets up walking out to spy River walking out of the female hut to sit next to other females there. He notices that she’s not looking in his direction which he sits down and stares at the ground till a pair of Beddune feet walk in his line of sight.
He looks up to see a male who spoke "I give out a fight challenge demand!" 
He hears the guard calling "Tall Tale, how he’ll know if Mason defeats him? It's not from his sickness he had?" 
He stares at the guard and Tall Tale who get into an argument about that then with annoyance he gets up walking away with arms folded to walk pass huts escorted by another male till he can’t hear the arguers which he stands next to a hut with his back to them while feeling annoyance take control. He puts a fisted hand on his forehead closing his eyes as he remembers himself at a young child age standing at a doorway listening to his parents arguing on his name. 
His father speaks yelling "I'm furious with you that you told the day care to refer our son as Mason and not London!" 
His mother yells "It's not a proper name for a kid!" 
He sees the sun rising from the windows behind his parents as his father yell "I'm ordering you to leave the house now! I want a divorce now! I was forced to marry you due to you being pregnant with my child a marriage I didn’t want!"
His mother screams "I agree!" And storm out of the room stomping pass Mason who watches her enter a doorway and hears her storming up the stairs. 
He stands staring at his father who goes to the kitchen table to sit at a chair with hands on his forehead. Mason hears the front door open and hears it slammed closed which he goes to the living room and looks out the window to see his mother get into a yellow car he recalls it as a cab and watches it drive away. Mason goes to a couch and sits staring at the window as in a trance. The sun gets a bit lower in the sky and he sees his father walk in his line of sight that picks him up and carries him to the kitchen. Mason as Beddune grimaced baring his teeth as angry rage billowed through him as the memory of his father hitting the floor pining him to it flashes in his mind’s eye followed by him crying as night fell. He recalls the light of the room turning on and his father pulled from him followed by people who took him out of the house to an ambulance where he fell asleep in it flashes in his mind’s eye. Mason feels a hand touch his arm that is against his body as he hears himself growling loudly which he feels another hand touch his arm with his hand fisted against his forehead and feels his arms forced down as hands touch his arms gently pulling them behind his back restraining him as the angry rage takes control running through him which makes him roar an angry sound. He feels the hands holding his arms tighten their hold restraining him as he feels a female form press into him with her hands gripping his upper arms which something in his mind recognizes as River. He jerks open his eyes to narrow them and jerks himself against the hands holding his arms. He struggles to yank out of the grip as he feels two additional hands grab his jerking arms holding them behind him. He snarls an angry sound as rage clouds his eyes sight making him blind and he allows the anger to take control as he loses sanity. He comes to find himself kneeling on the ground with arms around River and feels her chest is moving up and down and he senses she is unconscious judging by her limpness as he is holding her. His anger he feels is still boiling in him and he hears himself still growling with eyes narrowed boring at the male Beddune surrounding him some with spears in their hands. He feels the rage over take him clouding up his eyes sight and he again loses his sanity. He comes to find himself with anger gone while lying in a hut on his side with his arms around River who is lying on her side facing him and is awake staring at him with a frown look in her eyes. 
He hears her speak “You’re angry.” which he stiffens at the words as she adds “At me.” 
He frown feeling shock running through him as she includes "You got angry and the Beddune restrained you with me trying to calm you down. You lost control breaking out of the males’ grip and hit me." 
He frowns hearing her words as she adds "I was told by one of the females what you did after I went unconscious. You wouldn’t let any of the Beddune near me. You kneeled grabbing me from the ground and held me. Then released me to attack the Beddune surrounding you. They had to knock you out and put you in the stocks." 
River includes "I woke up which a female told me what you did to me whiles I was unconscious. I wound up hearing Merra’s voice telling me that she scanned you during your angry rage episode and found that your mind thinking rational thoughts goes into an unconscious state. You're not aware of what you're doing. Merra told me that from scans that your anger is aimed at me and your behavior towards my unconscious form was your instincts recognizing me as your mate." 
He frowns hearing her words as she continues "You woke up from the stocks still in your rage episode and broke yourself free from it. Then went storming towards me sitting at a hut. You grabbed me by the neck and hauled me to your hut where you brought me inside and force mated me."
Mason grimaces hearing that as she continued "One done you pulled out and laid on your side with your arms around me falling asleep." 
Mason removes his arms to sit up eyes staring at his feet as he feels a hand on his shoulder and hears her speak "I heard Merra’s voice telling me that from scans of your behavior towards me after you freed yourself from the stocks and forced mating me is from your instincts fighting with your rages who are insisting on keeping me alive as your mate while your rages want to hurt me." 
He exhales a breath as she adds "Merra told me, your mind shows that my rejecting you is causing your angry rage episode to come out. You are retaliating against the rejection by you hurting me along with the mating via force. "
Mason speaks “I’m sorry, River” as she pauses from talking which he feels her arms pull him towards her to her shoulder which his head is leaning against. 
He puts an arm around her as he feels her chin lean against his forehead and he feels sleepiness shuts his eyes falling unconscious. 

Mason wakes up lying on his back with River’s head on his chest and he senses she is asleep which he frowns thinking "I'm wondering to myself about my angry rage episodes."
He remembers having them when he was beating up Linda and the four males as a memory pops in his mind’s eye. He is Human in his apartment, shared with Mina, sitting on the couch wearing his clothes in the dark with night vision eyes staring at the window. He hears a key in the lock and looks at the door to see it open partway before slamming close which he feeling annoyed gets up to peer in the eye hole to see Mina kissing a male on the lips which her hands are beating on the male’s shoulders who has her head with his hands. 
He feels anger yanks open the door and yanks them apart which Mina yells "I said no and you idiot should respect that!" 
The male sounding like his voice is slurred speaks "Ooh come on honey, you should give me a kiss." 
Mason hauls the male down the stairs as the male protests feebly by his words and actions while wobbling in his walk. Mason allows anger to come within him as he takes the male to the lobby and puts his back to the wall and proceeds to fist him in the stomach repeatedly. The male is slurring his groans as Mason punches him. He feels hands grab him pulling him off the male who slides to the floor in a heap which he shrugs off to face an Asian male with black hair covering his ears that is glaring at him. 
Mason snarls "The male was kissing my sister when she told him not to do that!" 
He storms out of the lobby building walking out into the cold air not caring where he’s going as anger boils inside him. His anger takes control and he loses his sanity and comes to find himself with anger simmering while sitting in a chair still wearing his clothes and his hands are behind his back cuffed to the chair while underneath a spot light shining over him surrounded by inky darkness. 
He is confused till an electronic voice speaks "The command to start projector." 
A force field projection appears in front of him showing a camera view of himself walking out of a doorway walking pass people and going into an alley way which the camera as if hand held jiggles as if someone is running follows him into the alleyway. Shows is a dead end with a large empty garbage dumpster at the end. The camera view shows him stopping in front of the garbage dumpster and throwing his fists repeatedly into it which the dumpster metal bents from his fisting it. Then the lights of a car shine on him who turns around which the camera person flattens to the wall as he runs towards the headlights and hits the ground kneeling as a dart appears sticking in his chest and he falls to the ground. The projector ends as Mason’s boiling anger rises taking control of him which he loses his sanity. He comes to find himself lying in his bed with no anger and Mina is sitting on the bed holding his hand as daylight is shining through the open window shade which he stares at her with confusion. 
Mina speaks "I got worried after you didn’t return after an hour because it’s cold out which you would freeze without a coat." 
He frowns as she adds "I got a phone call from someone unidentified with a bad accent to come to a location and mentioned that you need me. I went out taking a cab to the location which is a warehouse on the docks and went inside to see you sitting in a chair underneath a spotlight surrounded by a fenced cage roaring angrily which I felt some feeling to stay still and keep an eye on you." 
Mason stiffens as she adds :"I saw you break apart the cuffs’ chain then yanked them off your wrists like they were easily breakable then getting up to break apart the chair with your hands that splintered in pieces then charging at the fence. I saw with my shock that you easily bent the fence and tore a hole with your bare hands. You formed a hole big enough for you to walk out and headed towards me like you could see me. I flattened against the wall as you went to me grabbing me by the neck with your hand and then stared at me before releasing me. I grabbed your arm and pulled you out of the warehouse to the street where I hailed a cab and took us to the apartment." 
Mina adds "Once in the apartment I forced you to lie down and sat with you holding your hand as you lay with your eyes open staring at the ceiling till daylight."
Mason as Beddune frowned as the memory stopped playing in his head to open his eyes and he raised a hand over River’s head till it was in his eyes sight to stare at it. 
He mentally thinks "What about my strength power? I wonder if my anger makes me stronger than I is normally."
He recalls lifting the two arguing Beddune males the guard and fight challenger by the neck raising them above him feet dangling to stop their argument. 
He frowns as he lowers his hand to think "I wasn’t that angry when I did that. I wonder why I didn’t free myself from the chains Linda restrained me in." 
He recalls having no strength to break them. 
He adds thinking "How I acquired my strength to break things easily and hurt people enough to make them dead?" 
He frowns further as a memory comes to his mind. He is barely an adult age a Human wearing clothes sitting in on a bench and facing him is a fenced wall like a jail cell which he is feeling sickness running through him. He gets up going to the toilet to kneel in front of it staring at the bowl while feeling a fever like feeling running through him. He finds that he can’t throw up goes back to the bench to sit and then gets up pacing as the sickness gives him a headache and he bents down grabbing his head as an angry feeling comes running through him which takes control of him and he straightens up to stare at the metal fenced wall which he finds himself out of his body floating above staring at himself walking towards the fence which his hands grab the metal railing and pulls with great strength yanking it apart like a door and walks out of the cell to face a cop with a gun pointed at him. 
He sees himself roar an angry sound as the cop orders him "Down on the floor! Or I’ll shoot!" 
Mason charges at the cop who fires his gun bullets aimed at his legs which he sees himself continue charging as the cop keeps firing his gun till Mason reaches him grabbing his gun to break it apart in pieces and the cop runs out through a doorway slamming a door. Mason follows slamming his fist through the door breaking it in splintered pieces then goes up some stairs to a door which he uses his fists to break down entering a room which a dart hits him on the chest and he goes down hitting the floor. He finds himself back in his body feeling soreness in his legs to allow the sleepiness to take over and falls unconscious as blackness arrives. Mason stares at the hut’s ceiling to realize that his great strength and terrible rage episodes come from a sickness he had while younger which he close his eyes feeling himself tired falling unconscious. Mason finds himself sitting on a beach naked with River sitting on his lap naked. His hands are fondling her breasts and playing with the nipples as she is arched towards his playing hands. He rubs his hands from her breasts to her hips to move her over his sensitive part with himself entering her while hearing her gasp out a moan sound her hands running through his hair. He stares at her face which shows a pleasant expression in them and in her eyes as he moves her up and down his sensitive part while feeling pleasure from the sensation. He feels himself spill inside her as a wave of pleasure arrives within him which he adjusts her legs to keep himself inside her as his hands go to her head running through her hair as she is doing the same and he kisses her on the lips while feeling her do the same. The scene goes black as he wakes up with River sitting crossed legged holding his hand eyes staring at him with a frown in them. He sits up to stare at her which he with hesitance with his movements brings a hand to her cheek to rub his knuckle on her face in a gentle motion as she brings her other hand to his chest gently rubbing. Mason feels her hand holding his hand squeeze in a gentle grip then loosens her hand still gripping his hand. He stares at her to place his palm on her cheek then moves his head till his cheek is touching her other cheek while feeling her accepts the touch. He removes his cheek to kiss her on the cheek then trails kisses to her lips which he senses no resistance from him kissing her both with eyes open. He breaks off kiss to stare at her eyes which show crosses of affection and frown looks in them. 
He speaks asking "Are you alright?" which she replies with a frown in her tone "I feel fine." 
He hears the summoning howl gets up and walks out followed by River to see a male with arms folded who speaks in a rude tone "Mason is not treating his female properly." 
Mason walks up to the male till he’s inches away and makes the male raise his head up to stare at him in the eyes. 
He speaks "I demand you to fight me as a challenger."
The male refuses verbally. 
Mason again gives out his fighting demand "It's an order." which the male says "It’s not Beddune way." 
He speaks "I want your call sign that you are referred as." 
Male he notices has fear look in his eyes refuses to give name by repeating his words and walking away. 
Mason hears an unidentified voice unsure of whether it's in his head or by hearing it "I'm telling you to follow the male now."
He does following the male going around a hut and hears a scream sound which he and another male jog till they go around the hut to see the male flat against the hut with back and hands on it. He sees an anaconda is in front of the male head inches away from the male’s face with forked tongue out touching the male’s face that is flinching from it. 
He calmly orders "Just stop moving and stand still." who obeys to his order as the anaconda keeps its tongue assault on the male. 
He restrains his escort with a hand up 'I'm ordering you to stand still but move if threatened." 
Mason keeps an eye on the anaconda that stops its tongue assault and then turns away slithering into the bushes. He stares at the male with back to the hut who abruptly bents down throwing up liquid from his mouth while visibly shaking his form. 
He hears his escort speak the words “Scared is always throwing up whenever he suffers some scary episode.” 
He frowns at the words as he eyes the male he assumes is called Scared who keeps throwing up liquid. He sees his escort go to Scared putting an arm around him and hauls him around the hut with himself following. He walks to his hut to sit with River who has paused from her sewing to stare at him with a frown in them. 

Night falls Mason and River go into the hut which he lies down "I insist to you that I want to spoon fashion you." which she agrees by lying in that position. 
Mason sleeps feeling anger arriving passes out having a rage episode comes to standing in the hut with River in front of him holding him in a hug. 
He asks her "River tell me what I did." which she speaks "You abruptly got up and walked out of the hut and then came back-" 
He interrupts asking "What does the Guardian say-"
She interrupts to speak "The Guardian told me to wait till morning for you to find out what you did." 
Mason frowns hearing that and doesn’t resists to her pulling him down to the ground which he again spoon fashions her and falls asleep. 

He has a dream of himself walking in a hallway with open and closed doors on both sides which he stops to stand in front of a closed door with the words “You’ll know” on the door which he feeling nervous forces himself to slide open the door and then all the closed doors abruptly slide open with smoke pouring from all the doors. 

Mason finds himself back in his hut while lying on his back and sees River leaning over him hand touching his cheek which he looks at with confusion. 
He stares at her as she speaks "I heard you growling in your sleep woke up and sat away from you in time. For you were swinging arms around with hands fisted which you stopped and I was trying to wake you up by patting your cheek." 
Mason sits up to hear the summoning howl which he gets up and walks out followed by River to see a male who speaks in a polite tone "I'm asking you to come follow me to some place." 
Mason doesn’t comment follows the male to the stocks where there is another male in the stocks and a male there point out the metal stock stick which he sees is bent and hears the male comment "We can’t unbent it to free Scared from the stock." 
Mason without hesitation goes to the metal and pushes it straight with a hand and opens the stock freeing Scared from it then he walks away to hear another male speak "It wasn’t the Naran who put Scared in stock." 
Mason puts a hand on his forehead to groan loudly which he gets angry and feels a female form hugging him which he recognizes as River and finds himself getting the rages losing sanity. He comes to find himself kneeling with his arms around kneeling River who has her arms around him as his face is buried in her shoulder. 
He groans out sounding upset "I'm not aware of what I'm doing when I gets rage episodes and has no idea why I get them which bothers me."
He hears River speak in a soothing tone "You’ll figure that out yourself and once you does you're to let me know." 
Mason forces himself to relax soothed by River’s hands massaging his back which puts him to sleep and he comes to find himself lying in a hut with River’s head on his chest with her hand over his beating heart. 
He mentally calls spoke yelling "Merra!" and hears her "What you wants for your fine?"
He asks her "Just kindly help me figure out why I gets the rage episodes." which she speaks "I prefers you to figure that out yourself." 
He feels sleepiness falls asleep and passes out to have a memory of himself lying in a bed that is a hospital bed with eyes open and a blanket covering his form from the chest and below. He is breathing deeply in the memory as a male Human walks in his line of sight wearing scrubs and a doctor’s coat and a policeman behind him. The doctor he sees gently removes the blanket off Mason’s form baring him in nudity to put it besides his body. 
He hears the cop gasp out "God!" which the doctor speaks "The scars are years old and are results of repeated knife cuts that happened when Mason was I estimates a child and continued till for years." 
The doctor adds "The knife wounds are all over from below Mason’s neck to the bottoms of his feet. His sensitive part wasn’t spared for there are cut wounds on it." 
He hears the cop hiss another God comment as the doctor continues speaking "Mason is allergic to their medicines to help with pain. Mason is in pain from the operations to fix the abuse he had. He isn’t showing his pain judging by the blank look on his face." 
The doctor includes "Mason not showing any hint of pain in his face is from his repeated abuse. He has learned that if he showed any emotions including pain to the abuser. The worse abuse he’ll get but by not showing any emotion he doesn’t get much abuse and lessen the pain."
The cop asks "What about Mason having rage episodes?" which the doctor replies "The rage episodes are from Mason bottling up his emotions when he was abused. His emotions are coming out as rage episodes and includes that the great strength is from his non Human side in him-" 
The cop interrupts speaking "Mason having a non Human side in him?" in a confused voice. 
The doctor speaks "Blood tests results indicated that Mason despite his Human appearance isn’t fully human. Hence his great strength along with some foreign organs found in his body from the operations done on him. I suspect that the abuse Mason got has given him a high toleration for pain. Hence he tolerates the bullets entering his body from a cop shooting at him including one of the bullets getting into his stomach area which was surgically removed along with the other bullets." 
The doctor continues speaking "An imprint of a cow brand mark was found on Mason’s back along with a cow brand rod from the barn tested to show Jay had his fingerprints on it along with the rope found there including that Jay had a large snake bite found on his leg. The venom found in Jay tested would result in him die a death with his body falling apart literally if the antidote wasn’t administered right away." 
The cop speaks "Jay’s shooting was self afflicted and not murder like they suspected." which he adds "Mason was found in a house owned by a female named Linda with Jay’s last name who their still searching for including several knifes with Mason’s blood on them were found with Jay’s fingerprints were on them including another set of fingerprints their still trying to identify." 
He hears a door open sound and sees the doctor and cop look away from him and hears the cop mutter out words "Never thought I’ll live to see a Highlander who don’t show themselves very much to the others here on Shadan." 
He hears a foreign toned male voice speak a comment "We the Highlanders like working in secret and have gotten out a description of the woman Linda gleaned from them mind walking Mason’s mind. We found a marriage license hidden in the house with Jay’s name and Linda’s name on it including her maiden name. The name is Linda Yenta and has already shown it to the police along with the description of her by drawing." 
He hears the Highlander pause to add "We working in secret for we notice that Humans omitting law enforcement have been letting other Humans get away with crimes by not reporting them to the police and suspects that as why Linda hasn’t been found yet." 
He sees the cop walk out of his line of sight while speaking "There’s a money reward attached to reports of crimes posted in peoples’ cities and neighbors which I hopes that the Humans might get greedy to report the crime." 
He hears the Highlander comment "I hope that the cop is right on that." 
He hears the door close and sees the doctor turn towards him shining a bright light in his eyes from a rod instrument which he refrains from flinching from the glare but blinks his eyes several times. 
He hears the doctor speak "Mason." and says "You’ll be alright for your abuser will be found and dealt with."
Doctor he eyes puts the blanket over his form and walks out of his line of sight and hears a door opening followed by the light turning off and a door closing sound. Mason feels sleepiness arrive within him shuts his eyes as the scene goes black. 

Mason wakes up lying on top of a sleeping River with his hands underneath her back fingernails digging into the furry rugged ground which he feels himself tensed up struggles to relax and lays his hands flat instead of curled digging into the ground. He raises himself up a bit to stare at River in the face who keeps on sleeping while feeling her relaxed with him on top of her. He feels her hands are relaxed from them on his upper back and senses she is peacefully asleep which he lowers his form still on top of her to gently kiss her on the lips a quick kiss then settles his head next to her head which he shuts his eyes and forces himself to sleep while breathing deeply through his nose.

Mason dreamed a memory of himself barely an adult, a human walking in a forest with the sun shining weakly overhead on a wide dirt path with benches on the sides. He went to a bench to sit leaning back against it. He saw four young males younger than him by their appearance walk out of the bushes towards him as he sat. He spotted them walk pass a bench walking in his direction. He bowed his head eyes staring at the ground as four pairs of sneakered feet walked in his line of sight. 
He heard a young male voice with a sneering tone speak “You’re in our seat, so get off.”
He looked up at the males wearing ripped clothing and scattered hairstyles that looked at him with sneering glares on their faces. He saw a bench sitting behind the males on the opposite side of the sidewalk. He shrugged and got up walking away and went to a bench to sit which he sat bowing his head eyes staring at the ground. He saw four pairs of sneakered feet walked in his line of sight. 
He again heard a male voice with a hint of laughter in his tone speaking “You’re in our seat, so get off.” 
He looked up at the males who appeared to be smirking judging by their faces which he in response felt anger arriving within him. 
He leaned back and folded his arms speaking “Get your own seat, I was here first.”
He saw the smirks left the young males’ faces which turned to anger as he felt his angry feeling billow within him. He eyed the males who fisted their hands then without warning began hitting him with their fists which he felt his anger turn to rage which made him lose control. He came to find himself standing and on the ground were the four males all lying on their backs heads at an angle. He scratched his head of confusion and walked away going into the bushes and felt a prick of pain in his neck which he ignored continuing walking till sleepiness arrived overtaking him and he fell unconscious. He woke up to find himself without his clothes on sitting in a chair with his hands cuffed behind him underneath a spotlight surrounded by inky blackness. 
He heard an electronic voice with male tones speak “Begin video.”
He saw a force field projector appear in front of him showing a scene of the four males punching him sitting and him getting up throwing fists into each of the males who hit the ground acting in pain. Then he saw himself grab a male’s head with a hand jerking it to a side and saw himself did the same to the other males’ heads followed by him standing looking at them then scratching his head and walking away. He heard a humming sound followed by the force field projection going away. 
He heard the voice speak “Consider yourself watched.” 
He felt a sting of pain in his chest followed by sleepiness and he shut his eyes going asleep as the scene went black.

Mason jerked his eyes open feeling himself as Beddune and still lying on top of River who’s hands were rubbing his head while sensing her awake. He gently lifted himself up till his masked face was inches away from her masked face his eyes staring at hers. He could see that there was affection and pain in her eyes and saw tears flowing from them. He frowned seeing the tears and lowered himself till his cheek was touching her cheek and shut his eyes as a memory came to his mind’s eye. In the memory he was Human nearly an adult wearing clothes with shoes on his feet in his bedroom sitting in an armchair in the darkness eyes staring at the open doorway with night vision. His eyes sight flashed day vision as the living room light from out of his bedroom turned on shining into his room. He saw Mina wearing a male suit like clothing speed walking pass his bedroom door going into her bedroom and he heard her give off sounds that made him curious to get up and leave his room. He stood in the doorway peering into Mina’s open bedroom doorway to see illuminated by a lamp her kneeling besides the bed with her head on it cradled by her arms. He frowned as he went in the bedroom towards Mina to place a hand on her shoulder. He felt her stiffen as she looked at him with tear stained eyes. He felt anger arriving as an image of a tear stained eyed Linda flashed in his mind’s eye before Linda in the memory burst into laughter that bothered him. He shook his head of the memory to stare at Mina who got up and grabbed him in a bear hug while giving off sounds as he felt the anger took control followed by rage and he lost himself. Mason came to find himself anger gone still in Mina’s bedroom with the lights of the bedroom and the apartment off while lying on her bed with her head and hand on his chest as she lay asleep besides him. His arms he discovered were around Mina as if hugging her making him feels relaxed which he closed his eyes to fall asleep. Mason woke up hearing the doorbell sound and found Mina gone from his arms as daylight shined through a window in the living room. He got up hearing the doorbell ring again and went to the front door undoing the locks to peer at the man wearing a brown outfit holding a thin long tan envelope and a clipboard in his hand. 
The man spoke “Mason Patrick? I have a package for you that need your signature.” 
Mason pulled the door open wider as the man handed him the clipboard while pointing with a finger on it and speaking “Sign here please.” 
Mason obeyed writing his name with his right hand and handed the man the clipboard then took the envelope closing the door behind him. He stared at the writings scrawled on the envelope with no familiarity finding himself unable to read it. He exhaled a breath and opened the envelope to pull out three sheets of papers with magazine like papers glued onto each of them. He stared at the letters with confusion finding himself unable to read it shrugged and placed the papers back into the envelope. He grabbed his coat and felt for his keys in a zippered pocket before putting the coat on and left the apartment. He walked out of the building walking down a street reaching the farmer’s market hearing talk become whispering as he walked by the venders and people. He ignored them and went to the park across from it to a bench to sit and leaned back eyes staring at the ground. A pair of sneakers walked into his line of sight followed by a young male voice speaking in gibberish which he looked up to see an Asian Human with brown eyes flashing fear in them as he continued his talk towards him. Mason frowned staring at the male with confusion in his eyes then with a shrug got up walking away from the male who to his annoyance followed him still speaking which annoyance arrived within him. He felt the male’s hand on his arm pulling him to another direction which he felt anger grabbed the male’s hand yanking it off of him and walked away. The male to his anger ran in front of him blocking his way which he felt rage overtaking him and lost control of himself. He came to find himself kneeling with multiple hands holding his arms behind him along with a hand patting his cheek and saw a finger from another hand waving in front his eyes which he followed the motion and heard gibberish speaking. Mason frowned as the hands holding his arms let go freeing him and he looked to see the finger belonging to an adult Asian male who removed his patting hand from his face along with lowering his finger. He stared at the Asian male who was glaring at the young male who annoyed him standing besides him while speaking gibberish sounds to him in an angry tone. 
Mason stood up towering over the Asians and heard the adult Asian male speak with his eyes aimed at him words he understood “Do you understand my words?”
He nodded his head in a short bob while staring at the Asian male who turned his head towards the young male to speak in gibberish in an angry tone who groaned loudly. 
He felt annoyance arrive within him turned and felt his arm grabbed by the Asian male who spoke words he understood “Hold it just a question. Do you have family who speak the language I was speaking to my young companion here?”
He frowned and shook his head in Human style no as the Asian gave out a Human sound of disgust then released his arm before speaking “A word of advice young man. If someone speaks to you in words you don’t understand just speak that you don’t understand them for it’s polite. Remember that, young man.” 
He nodded his head and turned walking away going further into the park walking among forests of trees and bushes till he heard Mina’s voice sounding like pain in them yelling in gibberish which he followed till he reached a clearing to see her sitting on a bench surrounded by four young Asian males. He paused from walking to see Mina’s talk cut off by one of the males slapping her on the face. He felt anger arriving growled an angry sound as Mina continued yelling in gibberish at the males as one cut her off by putting a hand over her mouth to speak gibberish at her. Mason frowned as he eyed Mina whose eyes watered of tears as the males started talking among each other speaking in gibberish. He felt rage arrive within him followed by himself losing sanity. He came to find himself anger gone while sitting in Mina’s room in their apartment in an armchair with night vision which his eyes shifted to show Mina wearing pajamas lying in bed with a blanket on her form while on her side facing him and he heard sniffling sounds coming from her. He stared at Mina with a frown slowly eased himself from the armchair to sit on the bed gently pulling her towards him as he lied down with his arms around her. His eyes stared at the ceiling as he felt Mina’s sniffling stop followed by feeling her hand touch his chest and felt her breathing deeper as if falling asleep. He saw light flash in the room as a woman who was glowing all white appeared in the room with bird like wings on her back to stand next to the bed. He eyed her with a frown as she slowly leaned down touching his forehead with her hand which he felt. 
He stared at her as she spoke in a musical voice him understanding her words “Listen to words not understood and think them in your thoughts for you’ll understand them as a translator for it’s in you.”
He frowned as she spoke in gibberish which he remembering her words thought the gibberish in his mind suddenly found himself understanding her words which she was saying “Take care of Mina, Mason. She loves you as her own family and will not hesitate to defend you from others’ insults. Do the same to her as she is doing to you.” 
He felt her hand lower forcing his eyes closed followed by sleepiness arriving which he surrendered to as the scene went black. 

Mason jerked his eyes open feeling himself as Beddune still lying on River who he heard was crying softly. He gently raised himself up to stare at her seeing tears in her eyes. He felt her hands fisted on his back as he stared at her with a frown. 
He heard Merra’s voice in his mind speaking “River is crying for she remembers the source of her wanting independence and not being dominated by males from memory. She’ll tell you when she’s ready and you the same for your rage episodes which you remember are from yourself not expressing your emotions very well.”
Mason frowned at what he heard as she went silent. He felt River’s hands unclench followed by them going to his upper back pulling him down which he obeyed settling himself with his cheek touching her cheek. He felt her hands rubbing his head as he tightened his arms around her in a hug with hands touching the ground. He exhaled a breath hearing River’s crying as a memory came to his mind’s eye. He was walking out of the apartment as a Human wearing clothes and his coat walking down the stairs when he heard gibberish spoken from a male voice down below the stairs which made him pause. He formed the gibberish words in his mind’s translating them and found himself understanding the voice’s words. 
He heard “Apartment number twenty five is where Mina Patrick lives with that excuse for a brother she calls Mason Patrick.” 
He stiffened hearing the words as another male voice spoke “Anything I should know about them?”
He slowly backed up walking towards his apartment as the male voice spoke “Be careful of Mason. He’s some unfeeling monster and won’t hesitate to lash out in anger if things don’t go his way.” 
He again heard the second male voice speak “Alright thanks for the information. I’ll see that Mason is out of the apartment in twenty four hours. Just need to give Miss Patrick the eviction notice with which she can stay in the apartment along as she kicks Mason out.”
He reached his apartment door as the first male voice speaks “Eviction notice? Good it’s about time you got that weird Mason out. He gives me the creeps acting non Human like without feelings in him, ugh.” 
He went inside the apartment locking the door behind him as he spotted Mina walking out of her bedroom still dressed in pajamas eyes puffy from crying. He took off his coat and went to sit on the couch as the doorbell rang. He frowned as he watched Mina went to the door opening it wide to show an Asian male Human with short hair wearing a business suit complete with a tie and a briefcase in his hand. 
He heard Mina speak “Something I can do for you sir?”
The Asian male he stared at squatted opening the briefcase and took out a piece of paper which he handed her before closing it to straightening his form. 
He heard Mina’s shocked gasp sound as the male spoke “I suggest you do what the notice says in the time period as said by the building supervisor, miss.” 
He stared Mina who nodded her head as the male walked away and she closed the door locking it. 
He frowned as she folded up the paper and placed it on top of the bookcase besides the door before speaking “I have to get ready for work.”
He stared at her as she walked by him without a glance going into her bedroom slamming the door. Mason got up and went to the bookcase picking up the paper unfolding it to stare at the words in it. He frowned as the words seemed like gibberish became understandable to him. He read the words detailing it as an eviction notice requesting Mina to get him out of the apartment or lose her right to live there and to do it from a certain time period listed in the paper. Mason folded up the paper and placed back on the bookcase and he went back to the couch to sit. He stared at the wall as he heard Mina walk out of the bedroom followed by her walking in his line of sight which he followed eying her leaving out of the apartment slamming the door while carrying her purse and briefcase in her hands. Mason frowned as he got up and walked to the bathroom walking inside to stare at himself in the mirror above the sink. He saw a male Human with shoulder length black hair with an emotionless face and dark brown almost black Human eyes that was devoid of emotion. He forced himself to bare his teeth in a smile that didn’t reach his eyes then formed a frown with his lips emotion not showing in his eyes. 
He brought a hand rubbing his forehead thinking to himself “What happened to me? They see me as an unfeeling monster who doesn’t show emotions hence they insisting to Mina that they kick me out.” 
He lowered his hand as anger arrived within him while staring at his face eyes showing the emotion.
He again thought “I don’t want Mina to lose her home because of me. I’ll just leave and take my chances with the street. At least it’s better for her to have a home.”
He felt the angry feeling cool simmering as he breathed deeply and left the bathroom to the coat rack which he put on his coat and halted eyes staring at the phone with answering machine next to it. 
He exhaled a breath and went to the machine remembering Mina touching it touched some buttons and spoke “Mina, it’s Mason, I don’t want you to lose your home so I’ve gone to the streets. Don’t worry about me I can take care of myself.”
He pressed another button as the answering machine light flashed a message light on it. He pulled out his key from the zippered pocket and placed it next to the phone then walked to the door setting the locks which he walked out locking the door behind him. He rubbed a hand on his forehead the lowered the hand walking down the stairs. He passed by an Asian male who stared at him with frowning looks in his eyes from pausing on the stairs. Mason walked out of the apartment building and stood with hands in his pockets eyes staring at the ground which he felt a headache felt pain in his legs making his feet move on the sidewalk which he didn’t resist. He allowed his feet to lead him to an alley way which he walked in while staring at the garbage littering sidewalk as he walked into it. He walked around a corner and heard a loud growling sound sounding not human but gonoid like and raised his eyes freeing his hands from his coat pockets. He saw broken windows on his left in a long row which his eyes eyed them as he saw an open doorway with wooden door appearing to be smashed open while hearing growling sounds coming from there. His feet led him to the doorway which he walked inside to see a wrecked hotel lobby with night vision flaring in his eyes as he heard the growling get louder. He looked around eying several couches piled in a corner of the room while hearing the growling noises come from there. He felt the headache left him along with the pain in his legs. He eyed the furniture as a large gonoid came bursting out from a hole in the couch nest which he saw was appeared to be a large dog a Great Dane breed with teeth on the outside of its mouth that opened its jaws showing more teeth and roared a sound while charging at him. Mason felt rage flaring within him as he lost control and came to find himself lying on a couch with a cold cloth covering his eyes. His shirt was off his form baring his muscular scarred chest from the waist up while feeling bandages wrapped around his arms. He heard voices whispering words too low for him to hear which he raised his hand up towards his forehead only to feel it caught by a hand that felt familiar seemed to sooth him. 
He felt the hand lower his hand to touch his chest before letting go to pat his hand while hearing Mina’s voice speaking “Mason, just lie still and heal alright?”
He felt confusion spoke with it in his voice “What happened to me?”
He heard the whispering stop as Mina’s voice spoke “He seems to go insane when he gets those rage episodes and doesn’t remember what he did when he’s having them.” 
Mason frowned as Mina’s words seemed true to him as he spoke “Mina, all I remember is that Great Dane dog charging towards me before I seemed to pass out and found myself back here.” 
He heard a loud gasp sound and heard a female voice speak “Oh dear.” 
Followed by Mina’s voice speaking “Mason, witnesses saw you entering an alleyway where it’s said the dog lived attacking anyone entering the area. The witnesses heard a howling roaring noise that sounded Human to them which was later followed by you with some angry look on your face and clothes at the arms torn walking out of the alleyway dragging the dog that appeared dead by the tail. You fainted in front of the witnesses who examined the dead dog to discover it was sick from some senile disease according to their tests. They had you transported to a doctor who gave you some shots to help heal you and fix the bite wounds on your arms.”
He frowned as Mina paused then continued speaking “I got home to hear your message and a man from the doctor’s arrived to tell me about you being there recovering from taking down that monster dog which I went to see you and I’m relieved that your ok.”

Mason as Beddune comes to as he gets the rages while on top of River comes to find himself lying on the ground all alone in a forest with a bubbling pond next to him. He gets up and gets rages to find himself next to X path leading to Beddune camp which he takes to camp. 
Beddune there speak "We're insisting that you leave and not come back!" while forcing him out of camp with their spears aimed at him. 
Mason goes to his tree to snooze due to feeling tired wakes up with senses blaring at night time that keep him up which he goes to camp finds nothing amiss but hears River’s voice in a scream sound coming from the female hut which he gets rages comes to find himself standing in a rain storm while all wet. He gets rages finds himself lying in a hut appearing to be the females’ hut with leaning over him patting his cheek which he wakes up to see. He sees her point to the entrance with panic in her eyes which he walks out to face three figures two males and a female all wearing gonoid skin clothing. He sees one male has while long hair with all white eyes while the other male has black long hair and all black eyes as the female has red long hair and all blue eyes. He gets rages comes to find himself standing in front of his tree with River having hands on his arm.
She telling him "Take me with you!" which he gets rages again says "I give a plea for helping me with my rages." which he is unsure of speaking it out loud or mentally as just before the rages. 
He feels hands touch the sides of his head and he loses it to find himself lying on top of River in a hut that he recognizes is his which he senses her legs are apart on the back of his and feels that she’s relaxed while sleeping. He feels an urge to mate mates with River as she wakes up to place hands on his cheeks.
He hears mentally her speaking "Mason." which he gasps from the sexual charge of pleasure within him and feels himself much better that he keeps himself inside her falls asleep on top of River. 
He wakes up sensing its daylight outside the hut gently pulls himself out of River to sit cross legged facing the entrance while having a hand holding one of River’s hands on his thigh. 
He is lost in his thoughts thinking "I'm wondering about the Beddune’s negative attitude towards me. I feel upset that the Beddune don’t seem interested in accepting me as one of their own." 
He recalls a memory of himself as a kid while at a place called daycare sitting in the corner of a room staring at the kids playing with each other while feeling upset about none of the kids interested in playing with him or the adults interested in his care. Mason as Beddune recalls himself older in a school yard sitting on the ground watching the kids playing with each other which he finds that none of them were interested in him or the adults caring about him. 
He recalls the kids telling him "Go away!" when he tried playing with them along with one pushing him to the ground in front of an adult. 
He frowns as he remembers the adult teacher speaking "I congratulating you for doing that. Kids, you are not to play with him. Kids, you can hurt him with whatever you want if you wanted. He deserves it. He’ll be punished harshly if he retaliates." 
Mason frowns some more as he recalls himself in a class room forced to change seats from the front to the back with a student on the teacher’s orders and remembers himself never called on when he raised his hand. Mason senses River awake by her hand touching his cheek breaking his reverie which he sees her eyes show affection in them and hears the summoning howl sound which he gets up and walks out followed by River. 
He gets himself restrained by male Beddune who pull him out of camp to the X and is told "You're not to come back. We're fed up with your bullying attitude and have already picked a leader to lead us and don’t need you anymore." 
Mason goes to his tree to sit on a branch while leaning against the trunk eyes open unseeing the tree’s details a he feels himself numb from being out casted. He sits in the tree with eyes open letting his mind become blank as night falls with a loose form forces himself out of the tree to numbly walk into the forest letting his feet lead him his eyes not seeing anything while feeling himself devoid of feeling. He reaches a stone wall after awhile of traveling Beddune walks up it to reach a stone courtyard which he falls to his knees to kneel with eyes staring at the ground as daylight arrives. He doesn’t acknowledge the hand waving in front of his eyes and feels himself pulled to a standing position which he allows himself to stand and feels himself pulled into a structure walking on a stone floor and down a set of stairs to an area with lights shining overhead and is forced to a lying position on an object that feels like a long bench of wood with rocky walls on one side and doesn’t resists as his eyes are forced shut which he curls himself in a ball facing the rocky wall while hearing a clanging noise behind him. He loses it wailing softly as the memories of being out casted as a kid and by the Beddune flashes in his mind’s eye which he fists his hands putting them on his forehead while continuing to wail crying sounds.
He thinking "I have no place with anyone!" which makes him further upset. 
He recalls a memory of himself as a human walking towards a Shadonian new design warship with a Human male besides him. 
The Human male was speaking words "You not having a place among the Humans for they won’t accept you. You should at first opportunity find a place to get off the ship and stay at the place for the Shadonia don’t want you on Shadan or aboard their warship either. They would take any opportunity to get you off. Mina seeing you as her brother was because she felt sorry for you being an outcast which she feels towards anyone who is an outcast." 
Mason as Beddune loosens himself from a ball as the memory leaves his mind’s eye as he realizes to himself "I will never have a place of acceptance with anyone and its best to die." which he hears a humming of electricity sound opens his eyes. 
He uncurls himself to sit up and finds himself in a large jail cell with stone walls on two sides and facing him is a metal gate with square openings that he hears is the source of electrical humming sound which he numbly gets up walking towards it to stand inches away with hands raising up towards it. He hears multiple howling sounds in a female toned voice which his hands touch the gate and grip it as the humming sound abruptly ceases and the untouched part of the gate slides open which he lowers his hands as a Drainer walks into the cell with arms folded mouth in a thin line which he stares with a range of emotions running through him. 
He stares at the Drainer who speaks words he automatically understands “There’s more to life than death.” 
He lets goes of the gate to stare at the floor which he speaks out loud in the same language to the Drainer “I have no place with anyone which happened since I was a child to now.” 
He raises his head to stare at the Drainer which the Drainer abruptly leaves shutting the gate and he again hears a humming sound come from the gate while seeing the Drainer walk by going out of sight. He again raises his hands as a memory flashes in his mind’s eye. He is aboard the Shadonian warship feeling the vibrations of it while lying in the darkness of the quarters with night vision on the bottom bed of a metal bunk bed eyes staring at the bottom part of the top bed which he raises his hands to stare at them then lower them while continuing to stare at the upper bunk. He recalls the Human male’s words about himself being an outcast with no one accepting him except Mina’s pity which he could see in her eyes when she looked at him. Mason as Beddune remembers that he was called to the airlock by the Shadonian ambassador on the public address system. 
He remembers hearing snatches of conversation among the Shadonia on the ship as he passed them sounding to him "About time! I'm being relieved to get Mason off the ship! The space station people will attend helping them get rid of him. Mina was overheard complaining about being sick of pitying Mason and calling him her brother. She’s fed up with."
He frowns as the memory shows him reaching the airlock and hearing the Ambassador saying words "I pity you." which he doesn’t acknowledge and is brought out of the ship into the space station. 
Mason as Beddune thinks to himself "I was right with my words when I told them to the Drainer." 
He again reaches with his hands towards the electrical humming gate but froze when he hears a crying like sound that becomes louder which he is unsure of how he is hearing the noises ignores it to place his hands on the gate gripping it as the humming like sound stops and the gated part he’s not touching slides open and the same Drainer is back with arms still folded mouth in a thin line. 
He gets angry releases his hold on the gate to scream at the Drainer "I have no place with anyone since I was a child! I have never been accepted by people including other races that have seen to me being out casted by them!" which he rails angrily "They should have put me out of my misery! I wouldn’t have to suffer the torments of being out casted and suffering loneliness which I hate! Don’t want people’s pity but their acceptance!" 
His anger billows within him as he gets the rages and loses himself to find himself still angry with hands on the gate that is sparking from his hands on it while humming of electricity and then again gets the rages which he comes to find himself still angry back in Beddune camp surrounded by males with spears in their hands while he has a hand gripping a male Beddune’s neck who is gagging loudly.
He speaks in a voice that doesn’t sound like his own “I’ll destroy you and anyone for out casting me for I refused to suffer that again.”
He again loses it as rages arrive within him and comes to find himself kneeling on the ground with arms he recognizes as River’s on his upper back with his face buried on her shoulder eyes closed while mouth breathing hard through his mouth as his anger he feels is losing its ebb within him while unclenching and clenching his fists with his arms on River’s hips. He hears her humming some soothing sound which is he feels is helping him calm down from his angry feeling and he struggles to relax from the tension within him which he keeps his eyes closed forces himself to breathe through his nose while relaxing his hands to put them on River’s back while sensing her stiffen to his touch. He gets tensed up again and hears her stop humming which the angry feeling again billows through him and he gets rages to lose it only to come to find himself with anger still within him while kneeling with night vision flashing in his eyes on a floor that appears to be feeling like multiple plant leaves with a stone feeling to him and he finds himself in a large circular room with plant stem leaves walls tightly woven together with no opening as he looks around. He gets the memory of himself speaking his words to the Beddune while gagging a Beddune male which he gets the rages loses himself to find himself still trapped in the room pounding on the walls that are feeling like stone to him which he discovers multiple small peep holes with sunlight shining through near the floor part of the walls facing him. He forces himself to relax to get himself on the ground to peer into the holes which he sees is nothing but grass in his line of sight. He looked up to see plant stems of green covering a round hole in the ceiling which he jumps up towards it only to fall back to the floor by a powerful wind blowing him down. He realizes that the Beddune have trapped him in this room to keep him from hurting people with his rage episodes along with forcing him to accept his outcast situation by making him a prisoner just to be rid of him. He kneels to the ground to rock his form back and forth with his hands wrapped around himself while moaning out wailing crying sounds. 
He breaks off his wailing to speak out loud words "I wound up being out casted all my life from when I was a child to my current age as a Human. Along with the out casting being the reason why a female Human and her mate tortured me for years. I have the scars from that along with other races such as the Shadonia seeing the same point of view as the Humans. Don’t want anything to do with me like the Beddune have done to me." 
He continues to speak out loud "I want to die. I don’t want to suffer being further out casted by others something I'm not willing to go through anymore for I can’t take it any more for their out casting me is hurting me." 
He continues to speak "I am hurt by people’s rejecting me who don’t seem to care about me or my feelings or my well being. They treat me as something not worth taking care of. I'm hurt from people allowing others to hurt me physically and mentally. Has made me become an unfeeling monster devoid of emotion only controlled by my angry rage episodes." 
He adds "When I have the rage episodes I don’t know what I'm doing for I seems to pass out and comes to sometimes still angry and sometimes no longer angry." 
He includes "I thought I found acceptance from a female who made me her brother. I later discovered she did it because she pitied me and felt sorry for me who I don’t want pity but acceptance from people. I have yet to see from them." 
Mason continues speaking "I'm fed up with people hating me making me miserable for I'm willing to retaliate in hurting them for the out casting they did towards me with their hatred. I was doing anything for people to love me including feeling sick and tired of not doing anything to people hating me. I feel that I have an enough of the hatred and should start fighting them just to show that I'm no longer tolerating their hating attitude towards me which I finds not acceptable!" 
Mason felt tired and hungry feelings within him which he cuts his talking to lie down curling in a ball as night vision becomes dominant which he forces himself to shut his eyes and senses himself passing out. 

Mason came to finding himself shaken awake by River in their hut while he's feeling like he's hungry spoke "I'm hungry I want to eat."
River he eyed spoke in response "You males are always thinking of your stomachs. Just get up while I have to hunt in the forest for food. It's dark time now and that the Guardian says that I have to find the food myself with you accompanying me."
Mason groaned softly hearing River's words in response got up and felt himself a little weak but strong enough to walk which he followed her out of the hut. He frowned as he followed River further into the forest she appearing to be scrounging for plants for him to eat he assumed. Mason frowned as River picked up the plants and put them into her bag instead of handing them to him. He felt annoyance take hold whined his familiar hungry comment. 
Mason got told by River "Just be quiet and let me hunt!"
He obeyed to frown finding River kept on picking up plants and refusing to hand them to him. He frowned as he and River reached a river bank where there was a stone jutting from it to pause from walking. He standing on the muddy ground as River went to sit kneeling on top of the stone. He stood eyeing her warily as she rummaged through her bag followed by eating a plant to his disgust instead of sharing it with him followed by giving off a choking sound then laid down. Mason went to River finding her eyes were open and she appearing to be dead to the world to him making him further upset. He groaned softly to pick up River while holding her to howl cries of pain loudly. 
Mason didn't know how long he howled till Unnamed Ones via wolf forms came into the clearing and one shifted form into a female who gave him a glare snarling "Just cut it with the noises! We can hear you from our camp!"
Mason held up a lifeless River in his hands and spoke "She killed herself. She hates me. I thought she loved me."
He burst into a wailing noise only to feel a hand slam it over his mouth cutting off his noises as he found a male Unnamed One who yanked River from his arms making her tumble down onto the ground off the rock into the river. He got up giving off a growling noise making an attempt to dive into the water to retrieve River only to get restrained by Unnamed Ones in Human forms. 
He found his mouth freed spoke in response "She hates me hence she killed herself-"
Mason got interrupted "She doesn't hate you! Stop it with that talk now!"
Mason kept repeating "She hates me." over and over.
He felt sadness overtaking him as the female Unnamed One was heard speaking loudly over his repeating echoing words "Get him into Beddune's camp into a hut and have him knocked out asleep for his idiotic behavior."
Mason cut his chanting to speak firmly using a Builder's voice tone "I'll forget that River died in front of me and that she's still alive period."
He felt a headache to groan loudly while sagging into the hand held grips of the male Unnamed Ones to focus onto the female who had disgust on her face. 
He heard gibberish spoken by the males as the female spoke in Beddune's language "I have a lesson I want to teach you, Mason. You'll wait and see what it is. Get him to the Beddune's camp and knock him out with the sleepers."
He heard groaning noises from the wolves gathered around them including gibberish spoken from the males holding him in a disapproval tone. He frowned as the female spoke in gibberish sounding firm followed by the males pulling him away from the rock he confused to why he was there and not sure of what they were really doing to him. Mason frowned as he was led to a hut with an X symbol in front of it via the rear facing the forest and then walked around it to the entrance. 
Mason frowned as he was brought inside the hut and forced to lie down by the males as the female thrust him a plant and spoke "Here eat since your stomach is heard growling."
He obeyed to gobble up the plant hungrily and found himself hit with dizziness along with sleepiness hitting him. 
He spoke as he shut his eyes "I just want someone to love me." 
Mason heard as he surrendered to the darkness overtaking him "You'll get your wish, Mason once you get the lesson I want you to get."
He didn't say a word in response only to dream a dream while passed out unconscious he recalled fully in mind to tell it to the Beddune once awaken.

Mason comes to find himself lying on something wooden with ropes tying him to it while feeling a cloth covering his eyes and he senses the wooden object is gliding whether its over ground or air he’s not sure which he also hears a voice sounding like the Naran speaking words he doesn’t understand for their in a foreign language and he feels himself weak passes out comes to find himself lying on a ground that feels like a hut’s ground judging by the familiarity blind fold off his eyes to see he’s in a hut and River despite his senses blaring indicating something else he not sure what, is leaning over him with a frown in her eyes and sees behind her is a male Beddune holding a bowl in his hand. He is forced to a sitting position by River and the male Beddune who brings the bowl to his lips and he grimaces to the awful taste of the broth soup which the male insists to him that he drink it for he needs the nourishment. He senses that he is weak with hunger running through him which he allows himself to drink the soup while hearing the male insists he drink it all up which he obeys till there’s nothing left and feels River’s hands pulling him to her shoulder which he settles his head on it while lying on his side on her lap with her arms around him. He sees the male Beddune walk out and feels an urge to mate come to him which he brings his mouth to River’s neck kissing her there followed by his hand touching one of her breasts to knead. He keeps his mouth on her neck as she arches her neck for him to kiss some more while adjusting his form to bring his other hand to her other breast kneading the area. He kneels to break off the kiss and brings his hands to River’s hips while moaning out in an out of it voice that he wants to mate with her which she straddles him to his happiness. He with his hands on her hips moves her to enter her with his sensitive part and he feels heightened charges of pleasure from his sensitive part entering her as her hands are touching his shoulders as he leans forwards to kiss her on the lips while mating with her. He feels himself spill inside her breaks off kiss to gasp loudly from the jolt of pleasure coming from his sensitive part inside her running through him. He adjusts her legs to keep himself inside her as he brings his hands to her breasts to again knead and play with the nipples while feeling her arch towards his hands. Mason feels the mating urge not leaving him mates with River again which the mating urge leaves him after that time. He puts his hands on her back which she stiffens with a painful gasp which a memory of her bared scarred back flashes in his mind’s eye which he realizes the scars are recent and not very old. He hears her speak that she’s hungry and wants to eat which he allows her to get up which he gets up and puts a hand on her shoulder to speak that she has scars on her back which she replies that she knows that. He adds that the scars are recent and not too old which he hears her gasp then continues speaking asking why the Beddune are hitting her there which he hears no answer from her. He stiffens as it dawns to him why River was hit on the back which he speaks that it was him as why the Beddune are hitting her on the back which he feels her stiffen underneath his hand on her shoulder. He speaks that whatever he did to the Beddune they would retaliate by hitting her on the back in their anger towards him. River to his confusion interrupts speaking in an emotionless voice tone that she really wants to eat and needs to leave the hut for that which he has to leave first for her safety. Mason frowns then let goes of River to walk out of the hut followed by River who sits down as he is still standing with arms folded an eye on her. He moves his eyes to stare at the ground with his head bowed frowning about his words he told to River echoing in his mind. He hears an unidentified voice whether it’s by his mind or ears he’s not sure telling him to sit down and act sad for the Beddune will admit causing River’s scars on her back because of their anger towards him. He without hesitance unfolds his arms sits down cross legged and puts his hands in front of him dangling off his legs and bowed his head eyes staring at the ground while slowly rocking his form back and forth. A pair of Beddune feet walks in his line of sight and he feels a hand cover his eyes which he stops his rocking to raise his head up as the hand leaves his eyes. He looks up at the guard who straightens his form to point to the male Beddune standing inches away in front of him. Mason keeps his mouth shut as he stares at the male who speaks a fight challenge which he hears his voice coming out of his mouth speaking a refusal to fight which the male speaks that it’s not Beddune way for him as their leader to refuse fight challenges. Mason gets a little annoyed stands up to speak with annoyance in his voice about how another Beddune refused his fight challenge and disobeyed his order as Beddune leader when he ordered that male to fight him by speaking the same words. He hears the male speak that the leader can’t give out fighting challenges or order them and must accept the fighting challenge from others with no choices to avoid them. Mason keeps his mouth shut folds his arms to stand staring at the male who again speaks his fighting challenge which he interrupts to speak with sarcasm about leaders not being able to say the rules of the fight to the challenger who makes the rules for he suspects its not Beddune way and wants confirmation of his words. He stares at the male who has shock in his eyes and hears the guard speak in a groaning tone that Mason appears to not know everything about the Beddune giving fighting challenges to each other and including what he’s supposed to do when he’s challenged. Mason eyes the male who scratches the furry things on top of his head with a hand then frowns as the male speaks his fighting challenge and insists to him that the fighter who hits the ground is the loser which Mason with sarcasm in his voice speaks his agreement which he follows the male to the middle of the camp. He gets angry thinking to himself that he’s not a know it all of the Beddune way and is annoyed that he can’t seem to understand their rules of their way of life as one of them and their leader which he gets the rages and loses himself to find himself in the stocks still a little angry. He raises his head to hear River scream and looks to see two females have River with back to him by the arms who is struggling in their grips as a male standing sideways to him is holding a spear is using the knife edge making groves on River’s back who is screaming from the pain then whacks the spear repeatedly uncounted number of times against River’s back who continues to shriek from pain. He feels anger rising as rages arrive and he loses himself to come to find himself sitting in his familiar tree with his arms around River who appears to be limp as in an unconscious state while still breathing deeply. He stares at her face which he places a hand on her cheek to rub while feeling her still unconscious in his arms as he thinks to himself words about him with River leaving the Beddune and living elsewhere with people who won’t hurt her because of anger towards him and his actions. His thoughts are interrupted by the summoning howl down below the tree which he ignores to bring his lips to River’s lips kissing her then breaks off kiss to think as the howl continues that he has no place with anyone and has only River to keep himself alive which he has something worth living for. He adds to himself that he should simply take her and leave the Beddune to live elsewhere for they seem to not want him around and are only tolerating him because of the Unnamed Ones’ ordering them to have him as their leader which they are angry about and are taking their anger out on River as a way of hurting him. He hears the howl cut off stands up holding River in his arms and walks to another tree branch and glides himself to another tree out of that tree and continues to tree jump till night time arrives and he finds another tree like his familiar tree which he sits in to hold River still unconscious in his arms leaning back to shut his eyes then opens them as a feeling of great sadness arrives within him which he holds River tighter in his arms as he stares at the tree tops at the sky peeking through with night vision. He thinks to himself that perhaps he should find the Unnamed Ones’ camp and live with them while later if asked explain to them that the Beddune aren’t accepting him as their leader and are angry about that and are taking the anger out on his female River. He thinks adding that he’ll use begging and pleading to get the Unnamed Ones to allow him and River to live with them along with using his rage episodes as an excuse and fear of hurting the Beddune if the Unnamed Ones refuse and then once they accept him admit the Beddune’s attitude towards him and their beating of River. He frowns as the sadness feeling leaves him as he mentally speaks that it was best for him with River to part from living with the Beddune for they can take care of themselves without him leading them for they seem to be doing fine and handle themselves without his guidance. He feels sleepiness shuts his eyes passing out till a howling sound wakes him up and he sees its daylight and peers through the branches to see Unnamed Ones milling down below which he jumps from the tree to land near them while holding a still unconscious River. He sees one of the Unnamed Ones in a female Human form walk up to him and yells that he should go back to the Beddune which he interrupts refusing to do that and would rather live with the Unnamed Ones instead. Unnamed One he sees growls some angry sound and speaks that he’s Beddune and should live with Beddune leading them like they ordered. He speaks a refusal and insists on living with the Unnamed Ones while adding that the Beddune are angry at the Unnamed Ones’ ordering him as their leader and are taking the anger out on his mate River by hurting her back along with appearing to not accept him as their leader by their repeated attempts to get rid of him. He adds before the Unnamed One could talk that he’s fed up with the Beddune appearing to not accept him as their leader and hurting River which he adds that they can take care of themselves and their way of life which they haven’t bothered to help him learn what it is and is tired of fighting them. He continues speaking as the Unnamed One open her mouth that he and his mate won’t live with the Beddune anymore due to them making it clear to him that they have refused to accept him which he is fed up with himself fighting them to accept him and has left them which he includes that he would rather live with the Unnamed Ones than put up with their attitudes towards him which he gives up trying to change with their minds set. Unnamed One to his annoyance interrupts speaking that they ordered the Beddune to accept him as their leader for they were fighting among each other for the leadership position and were acting wild doing all sorts of nasty hurting things to each other and appearing to not care for other Beddune but themselves. Mason feels anger interrupts to speak with anger in his voice that he doesn’t give a care about the Beddune and has had it with them and won’t go back to living with them and would rather live elsewhere which he adds that the Beddune and their problems aren’t his problem for he’s no longer their leader and refuses to lead them anymore and adds that the Beddune should work their own problems themselves. He adds as the Unnamed One appears angry that he wants himself and his female to live with the Unnamed Ones and won’t take any refusal as their answer for he won’t accept refusals and will do whatever he can to assure them of allowing him and his mate to live with them. He includes that the problems with the Beddune aren’t his concern and will have nothing to do with them for their not his concern. Unnamed One he sees growls a sound and he sees Unnamed Ones standing besides her put tubes in their mouths which he sees sticks comes out and feels pricks of pain in his arms followed by sleepiness which he keeps his arms holding River kneels while slurring his words that the he’ll do what it takes to get the Unnamed Ones to allow him and his female to live with them for he’ll leave the Beddune with his female if they return him to them which he’ll keep doing till the Unnamed Ones get the message. Mason lowers himself gently to the ground with arms still around River and goes unconscious. He wakes up to find himself in a Beddune like hut with River’s head on him while sensing that she’s asleep judging by her breathing and his senses are blaring an alarm. He speaks out loud in an angry tone that the Beddune should handle own problems for he’s not doing it and doesn’t give a care about the problem for he’s not interested. He shuts his eyes despite his senses blaring and keeps himself asleep till he is waked by an awaken River patting his cheek with her hand and he feels annoyance while seeing concern in her eyes. He speaks with anger arriving within him asking what the Beddune want with him for he’s trying to sleep and wants them to stop bothering him which River interrupts speaking that there’s a large Stinger gonoid poking at the females’ hut walls from outside it. He in response rolls over back to her closing his eyes and speaks ordering her to go to sleep and let him sleep for he’s not leaving the hut to handle some harmless gonoid who is just being nosy with it poking a hut. Mason again feels River’s hand patting his cheek ignores it to continue sleeping as her voice in a whiny tone begs him to wake up for the gonoid isn’t harmless and will try to get inside the females’ hut to harm them which he roars with his eyes closed in an angrier tone that he’s not getting up for that and to let him sleep which he hears River’s voice speaking that if he won’t do it she will. He opens his eyes to see her leave the hut which he feels rages arrive loses himself out of it with anger still within him to find himself sitting on the ground leaning against a hut wall with River sitting sprawled on his lap with her head on his shoulder and he senses that she’s unconscious which he sees lying on the ground is a large porcupine gonoid near his legs appearing to be on its back with legs in the air. He gently removes River off of him as the rages arrive and he loses sanity to come to find himself kneeling with arms around an awaken River who has arms around him with her head on his shoulder who is sobbing and its daylight and he sees himself surrounded by male and female Beddune who are looking at him with range of emotions in their eyes. He roars out angrily that he doesn’t know very much about their way of life and what a leader is supposed to do which he snarls that they should be teaching him that instead of letting him guess what he’s supposed to do and that includes leading them like a leader. He shuts his eyes cutting off his talk to grimace as the rages arrive and comes to find himself still holding River who has stopped her crying and senses that she has fallen asleep which he keeps his eyes shut feels mist blown in his face coughs and finds himself falling unconscious.  He wakes up to discover himself with River on top of him on her stomach while lying in a hut feeling his anger still within him and feels his senses blare an alarm which he realizes its night time. He gently removes River off of him who stays asleep and he sits up as his senses still blare which he walks out of the hut as rages arrive and he finds himself back in the hut with anger gone and he sees River is still asleep which he lies down and pulls her to lie on her stomach on top of him and he falls asleep passing out. He wakes up by the summoning howl feeling River patting his cheek with her hand and sits up and is surprised by her kissing him on the lips which she breaks off to grab his hand pulling at him to stand up while she stands. He stands up and walks out of the hut with her following. He sees a male standing there with a frown in his eyes who in polite tones asks him to come along for he wants to show him something related to his rage episode he had the previous night. Mason frowns but follows the male to the females’ hut and walks around it to see a female holding a bowl standing with another male backs to them. The male escort leads him to stand next to them and points to the ground. He sees on the ground in is a series of scattered objects appearing to be broken porcupine spines, skin pieces of fur, bones broken and smooth objects that appear to be torn body organs. Mason stares at the remains of a porcupine gonoid while hearing the male escort speak that the Guardian observed Mason attacking the gonoid killing it by hands on its head jerking it off the body then heard growling gonoid like proceeded to tear apart the gonoid with his hands while seemingly angry which he did the same thing to another Stinger gonoid the other night. Mason frowns at what he heard feels a hand on his shoulder looks at the male who speaks that Beddune don’t tear apart gonoids like that unless their really angry about something that is bothering them which they should speak it instead of bottling it up. Mason speaks that he got the impression that the Beddune are angry towards him and are taking it out on River by hurting her with their spears on her back. He feels the male’s hand gently squeeze as the female kneels next to the remains and is picking up objects to put in her bowl which he eyes. He turns his attention to the male escort who has a frowning look in his eyes and hears him speak that their having problems accepting the Unnamed Ones ordering them to accept Mason as their leader who seems to be acting not Beddune like which they are angry about and should have realized that Mason doesn’t know the proper way of acting Beddune like hence his repeated acting in non Beddune like behavior.  Mason nods his head in agreement to bow his head eyes staring at the ground while feeling the male escort’s hand leave his shoulder to his arm and feels him pulling him gently which he doesn’t protest being pulled away from the scene. He finds himself led back to his hut where the escort releases his arm and he sees River stand up to go to him and hug him with arms around him which he feels happy from her touching him. He hears his guard tell him to go inside the hut for the sky doesn’t look right which River lets goes of him and he goes inside his hut followed by River and he secures the blanket entrance cover to the hut wall while hearing thunder noise from outside. He sits down and is gently pushed to a lying position by River who lies on top of him on her stomach with her head on his shoulder and falls asleep on him. He lies awake for awhile hearing the stormy noises outside of rain falling hard and thundering booms. He shuts his eyes as he gets a memory of himself as a Human male on a Shadonian warship in his quarters sitting on the lower bunk of a bunk bed with his hands on his head. He hears the door to the quarters slide open and looks up to see Mina walking in closing the door behind her. He speaks that she pities him because he’s an outcast which he sees a frown look in her face but sees that his words are true by her eyes showing agreement. Mason continues speaking as he gets up with anger in his voice that Mina accepted him as her brother because of her nature to pity the out casted and has grown tired of it hence he overhearing the Shadonia talking about her complaining to them about being tired of pitying Mason who is now annoying her. He sees that her expression doesn’t change but her eyes still show her agreement which he gets more angry as he advances towards her speaking a comment that he’ll see that she’ll remember him forever which a confused look comes to her face and he grabs her by the shoulders and head butts her on the forehead with his head knocking her to the floor which she is still conscious groaning loudly from the pain. He grabs her lifting her up to take her to the lower bunk putting her on it and yanks off her jumpsuit off her form along with her shoes then her underwear baring her below the waist. Mason hears Mina groan some sound of pain which he strips himself of his jumpsuit and shoes then yanks off his underwear then lies on top of her yanking apart her legs. He guides himself inside Mina with his hand and thrusts himself into her breaking apart her barrier while hearing her groan of pain. He feels pleasure from the mating to start kissing Mina on the throat as he is moving in and out of her till her spills himself inside her as he moans a pleasant sound. He keeps his form on top of Mina to raise himself a bit to gently kiss her on the cheeks then pulls out to sit on the bed putting a hand on her abdomen while speaking out loud to her that she’ll carry his child and that the ship doesn’t have anything to get rid of the baby for he checked himself and it’ll be too late to remove it once the ship returns to Shadan. He adds as Mina groans then closes her eyes going still with her still breathing that she’ll remember him forever like he said with the child she’ll bear as reminder of him. He gets up to pull the blanket onto her then goes into the bathroom to the sink which he uses a wash cloth to wash his sensitive part and takes another wash cloth to Mina to wash her female part very gently and the puts her underwear and clothes back onto her form then puts the blanket again back onto her. He goes back into the bathroom to stare at the mirror seeing his face devoid of emotion and similar look in his eyes which he smiles a small smile and sees his eyes show the emotion as he exhales a breath through his nose then goes out of the bathroom to put on his clothes and shoes. He goes to an armchair ordering the lights off to sit with eyes staring at a sleeping Mina then shuts his eyes leaning back onto it falling asleep as scene goes black. 

Mason as Beddune wakes up with a start from the memory as memories of four women at one of different times mating with him while he was Human and chained flashes in his mind’s eye. He frowns widening his eyes as he recalls to himself that he felt pleasure from the women mating with him along with an awareness sense that made him happy to smile a smirk which Linda caught him and abused him for it. He frowns as he remembers raping Mina while having the awareness sense running thru him which he realizes that the four women would each wound up carrying his child hence his smirking smile after they were done with him. He frowns narrowing his eyes as a memory of himself as a human walking in a Hospital with sunglasses covering his eyes with a knit cap covering his head while wearing his normal clothes. It was days after being freed from the small room prison he was found by the police man and the news crew. He keeps walking hallways guided by an instinct unnoticed by the hospital staff till he reaches a window in the hallway to look in. He sees three rows of plastic high rise cribs with babies in them some are wearing blue colored hats and blankets while others are wearing pink colored hats and blankets on them. His eyes focus on a crib in the middle row larger than the rest to see two babies in them asleep both wearing blue while seeing them with recognition as his children with the names of Gage and Henry on the board attached to the crib. His eyes shift to another crib next to the twins to see a baby with eyes open staring at the ceiling wearing pink he knows he fathered with the name of Madrina on it as his eyes again shift to the baby next to it he sees is wearing identical pink with eyes closed and sees the name Madisa. His eyes shift to next to that baby in another crib is a baby wearing blue whose eyes are open appearing to be staring at him with identical eyes as his with no emotion in them and sees the name Madrick on the crib. Mason frowns as the baby breaks off the look to close eyes and he smiles a small smile thinking to himself that having Mina carry will be a fitting punishment should she turns out like the others out casting him. He turns and leaves the hallway leaving the hospital unnoticed and unstopped as scene goes black. 

Mason as Beddune frowns as the memory stops playing inside his mind as he hears River sighing some sleep sound from her sleeping on top of him which he gently places a hand on her head to rub while feeling her hand touch his cheek settling it there while sensing her still asleep. He stares at the hut’s ceiling with a frown and shuts his eyes to sense his senses blare an alarm and wakes up to feel River’s hand on his mouth and her up awake with her head with eyes staring at the hut’s blanket entrance. He eyes the hut’s entrance to see it jut forwards like a hand is pushing it then it flops back in place.  He sits up with confusion running through him as River sits up and he feels her hand covering his mouth become tighter while seeing a worry look in her eyes. His attempts to put his hands on her cheeks are blocked by her other hand grabbing his left hand and holding it in a tight grip while staring at the blanket entrance which he sees again jut forward then flops back in place as an unidentified howling sound is heard coming from outside the hut that reminds him of his voice. The howling sound he hears continues with a different tone sounding like anger and then goes silent. He feels River’s hand off his mouth which he feels her hands touch his cheeks and hears her mentally speaking that the Guardian told her that outside is a young Human appearing to be a male child wearing gonoid skins raggedy on his form that is acting gonoid like along with seen on his face eyes that remind the Guardian as Mason’s and that Mason should go out and see the Human himself to see if he can help him. Mason feels River’s hands off his cheeks which he gets up and walks out of the hut to look around and spots the Human with back to him having a hand pressing into the blanket covering the females’ hut which he sees is a child. Mason puts hands to his mouth and howls a noise shocking the child who abruptly turns around to look at him with shock on his face. Mason lowers his hands with shock seeing the child’s face is similar to Mina and his eyes are appearing to be his and the child’s hair appears to be long brown in a mess from the looks of it despite it looking like it has dirty dirt covering it. Child he sees forms a nasty look on his face and walks towards him while growling some angry gonoid sound with Human hands bent into claw shapes. Mason stands with a frown in his eyes watching the child advance towards him and hears Merra speak in his mind that he should treat the child with kindness which will get the child to stop his gonoid behavior controlled by his anger caused by being raised alone by himself which she sees in the child’s mind that he was taken through a gate as a baby by a woman Merra says she identifies as Mina from Mason’s mind and left there. Mason feels shock hearing this as Merra adds that the Unnamed Ones found the child as a baby and raised him with an uncaring attitude towards him till he reached his current age and the child ran away from them for they weren’t caring about him and his welfare and were making him survive by himself which he is angry about and is seeking someone to give him a caring attitude which he hasn’t gotten from other manoids and the gonoids he has been friendly with. Mason frowns hearing Merra’s words as the child gets nearer towards him as she continues that the child was guided by her manipulating him to come here and is seeking a parent to care for him but due to Mason wearing the Beddune clothing doesn’t recognize him as his father and his angry behavior towards Mason is from being fed up with manoids and gonoids not caring about him which he is fighting back in anger. Mason eyes the child as Merra stops talking which he keeps his feet rooted to stare at the child who howls an angry sound then with a burst of speed charges at him with hands fisted and swinging.  He waits as the child reaches him which he discovers is his tall as his waist which he grabs the wrists with his hands to place in one hand in an ironclad grip and then kneels to wrap an arm around the kid with side touching him to tightly hug him while he leans his chin on the kid’s forehead. He spots River walking in his line of sight that kneels and wraps her arms around the kid while putting her chin on top of the kid’s head eyes staring at his while hearing her give off a humming sound in soothing tones. He thinks to himself a comment that he can’t believe that Mina would abandon a child she bore he fathered which he feeling is annoyed about. He hears Merra’s voice in his mind speaking that she scanned Mina after she came out of the gate carrying the child she calls Alisher thinking that she’s not letting them, she saw in Mina’s mind as angry Humans demanding Alisher’s death, kill the child because of his father is Mason as a payment from Mason killing some people on Shadan. Mason frowns hearing Merra’s words who add that she fearing for Mina’s life transported Mina to another place and told the people at the place to convince Mina to live with them which she is currently living with a manoid male as her mate and has already borne a girl child for the male she mated with.  Mason feels a range of emotions inside him hearing Merra’s words which he again hears her speaking that Mina was begged to stay where she is by her mate’s son with a previous female mate that was deceased who told her that his father hasn’t been happy and seemed very hurt from his mother’s death who died of a sickness without telling him of it three suns after his birth and his father is hurting from the pain which has deadened him along with his father, he and the other people notice, is seemingly acting alive whenever he is around Mina herself. Mason exhales a breath as he senses Alisher is relaxing in his and River’s arms while hearing Merra continue speaking that Mina finally accepted her place to stay when Merra herself visited her in a dream and gave her choices to live alive with people who are fond of her or die on Shadan from people she gleaned from Mina’s mind would kill her for denying them the chance to kill Alisher.  Mason feels Alisher’s tension has gone out and senses the boy child has gotten so relaxed that he feels that the boy is beginning to fall asleep. He mentally asks Merra if Mina is aware of him living on the same world as she is which he hears Merra respond that she waited till after Mina bore her daughter to tell her about Mason living elsewhere with a mate and as a leader to people who are helping him with his mental problems and has assured Mina that Alisher once he’s old enough will find his father with her helping him for his father to be a part of his life till Alisher is ready to join Mina herself to have a part of her life. He feels Alisher has gone to sleep and senses the child is leaning against him as Merra adds that Alisher craves a parent to take care of him from being raised among the uncaring Unnamed Ones who are female dominated with submissive males. Mason frowns as Merra stops talking and he looks at River to whisper out loud a question about what is the Beddune way towards raising children that aren’t Beddune. River he hears whispers back that children regardless of age found are raised the Beddune way of surviving on land then once grown to adult height are given some potion drink which is said to give them a vision of a place to go to which they describe it and are sometimes led to a travel gate which they go thru but there are other times the place they describe involves the Drainers’ stronghold and the nearest civilization city which the Beddune leads them near those places and they travel alone to it. River he hears pauses then adds that sometimes the vision involves gonoids which the grown up child has to seek by themselves going through the land surviving off the teachings the Beddune taught them. Mason frowns and hears thunder noises as River releases her hold off the child which he lifts to stand up and discovers that Alisher is still asleep despite him holding him. He speaks a little loudly to River that he’s hearing a storm coming and wonders if she doesn’t mind bringing Alisher in the hut with her and himself. River he eyes places a hand on his cheek to speak that she’s fine with Alisher being in the hut with her and himself with a Beddune requirement that any child found has to get stripped of their clothes and wet by a rain storm before going into the hut and adds that she’ll get a blanket to keep him warm. He watches as she jogs going to the middle of the camp as thunder gets louder and sees her pick up a blanket lying on the ground which she shakes and then folds up and carries it to the hut putting it inside. Mason stares at her questioningly which she speaks that children regardless of age can carry sicknesses passable to Beddune which rain storm water and stripping of their clothes can cure the kids of the sicknesses their carrying. Mason gently lowers Alisher to the ground and gently takes off the kid’s raggedy clothing which he eyes River taking from his hand and watches her spread them on the ground. He hears thunder become dominant followed by his eyes sight flashing day to night vision back and forth as thunder is booming a lot. He feels rain falling slowly as he kneels next to a sleeping Alisher with River kneeling on Alisher’s other side her eyes staring at him. He hears her speak that the Guardian says that Mason fathered the child judging by the eyes being the same as Mason and the happy look on the kid’s face when Mason put his arm around him. Mason sees awareness look in River’s eyes which he speaks that the Guardian is right on that and that the child’s name is Alisher and the kid’s mother according to Merra was transported by her to some where else to live with people because the world where the mother and child came from had people who wanted them dead. Rain falls hard drenching him, River and Alisher which he sees the rain changing the kid’s hair from dirty dirt color to Mina’s hair color of blond with a thick streak of black in it. He sees that Alisher’s tan skin wash off become pale skin color which he lifts the child up to a standing position to check his back which he sees the same skin result. Alisher as he holds him in a standing position keeps on sleeping without bothering to awake from the rain pouring over him.  He hears River comment that Alisher seems fine enough to be brought inside which he obeys and brings the kid inside the hut followed by River who picks up the blanket and helps him wrap the kid in it. He lies down with Alisher still sleeping on top of him and he wraps his arms around the kid and feels River’s arm join his arm while seeing her lying on her side facing him lying on his back. He shuts his eyes falls asleep passing out only to hear the summoning howl which wakes him up as he senses its daylight and finds Alisher awake poking his face with a finger while lying on top of him. He sits up and lifts Alisher up carrying him out of the hut followed by River to see two Beddune male and female both holding bowls in their hands. He sits to place Alisher down on the ground in a sitting position next to him as he and River are handed the bowls. He eats his full and notices the female staring at him with narrowed eyed look which her eyes shift to Alisher then jerks her chin towards him. He figures out what she means hands Alisher the bowls and watches the kid ravenously eat the rest of the bowls’ items in it till there’s nothing left. He hands back the bowls as River does the same. Alisher to his shock gets up and sits on his lap sideways which he brings his arms around the boy and hears the kid speak in Beddune language about people called Amula while describing them as the Unnamed Ones not being friendly with him. Beddune he notices at the word Amula raises their fists to wave it as he spots River doing the same. Mason frowns as he turns his head towards a hut and spies three wolves and three Human Unnamed Ones males and female walking into the camp which he sees the female’s eyes narrow seeing Alisher. Mason gently removes the kid off his lap to stand with arms folded as the Unnamed Ones reach him he sees Alisher point a finger at the Unnamed Ones and speak the word Amula which he gets a memory of himself as Human walking in a forest to spy a wolf changing form to a Human male that takes out a knife and rub it against the tree then puts the weapon away before shifting to a wolf and bounding into the bushes. Mason smells something pleasant goes to the tree to see it leaking some thick gooey substance which he puts his hand on it getting it on his hand and licks it off his hand by his tongue that tastes good to him which gets him to lick the tree a little till he feels he can’t take any more of it. He feels a little light headed but continues to walk in the forest till he reaches civilization to the apartment building he was living in and walks inside to see cops there who point their guns at him and cuff him hauling him to a van which he recalling was taken to a building and brought inside to a jail cell where he got sick with his illness that gave him his super strength. Mason breaks himself of his reverie to eye the Unnamed One female glaring at him. He frowns as she speak using a compelling voice tone ordering Alisher to come to her which he tags along till he reaches her and feels a stinging pain in his chest on his left side which an Unnamed One’s hand takes out a knife from the area by handle and he feels himself fainting which makes him fall to his knees. He sees a male Unnamed One grab Alisher and starts chanting as the female raises a knife towards the kid. He sees her thrust it towards the kid as he passes out going unconscious. Mason sees an overhead view of himself lying on the ground on his back and sees the Unnamed One female thrust the knife towards Alisher held by a male Unnamed One and the female abruptly drops the knife to put her hands on her head then crumbles to the ground like fainting going still which he sees the male Unnamed One release his hold on Alisher who darts towards a kneeling over himself River and clings to her which her putting an arm around him. He sees the Unnamed Ones turn their backs to River while attending to the unconscious Unnamed One female as River put a hand on his chest over the right side where his beating heart is then jerk the hand away like stung. He sees River look at the guard Beddune as she again places her hand on his chest on the right side of it as the guard turns his head to stare at her. The view goes black as Mason finds himself back in his body with River’s hand on his chest on the right side over his beating heart which he jerks open his eyes to stare at her while seeing a shocked expression in her eyes. He keeps himself still as he feels that he is fine back to normal and sits up turning his head to glare at the Unnamed Ones who have their backs to him appearing to be trying to wake up the unconscious female Unnamed One. He stands up as River stands with Alisher standing and clinging to her which his face buried on her. He howls a sound which gets the Unnamed Ones looking at him as he speaks demanding to know if the Unnamed Ones’ actual name is Amula. He sees the Human Unnamed Ones look at him with a fear look in their eyes and sees that the kid’s talk about them being Amula is true by the looks on the faces of them which show a guilty expression. He stares at the unconscious female Unnamed One with a narrowed eyed look and stiffens as an image of a curled up baby Human with no ears and gonoid cat like ears on top of its head while surrounded by walls of skin flashes in his mind’s eye which the baby opens its eyes and he sees Beddune eyes as the image goes away. He marches over towards the female as the wolves and males back away and leans over to place a hand on her abdomen which he again gets the baby image in his mind’s eye that goes away as he looks at the human males who gasp loudly their shock sounds. He demands to the Unnamed Ones to explain why the Beddune’s earliest memory shows them being carried by Unnamed Ones who put them in Merra kid and they come out Beddune. He glares at the two males one he sees visibly gulps then stammers out that the Unnamed Ones’ name is actually Amula and their females carry not just Amula children but Beddune which they put in Merra kid that forms the Beddune that are now. He straighten ups to glare at the male who adds that the Beddune were told some tall tale about there being a race called Amula who seek perfection and has given birth to the Beddune which they rejected due to them not reaching their perfection goal and his people are said in the tall tale to find the Beddune as babies in the forest abandoned which they put in Merra kid after seeing that the babies weren’t improving despite them caring for them. He folds his arms as the other male speaks that part of the tall tale is true for Amula his people had the Beddune as babies and for some reason the baby Beddune weren’t improving despite their care and it was one of the males who had the idea to put the babies in Merra kid an idea the male kept on insisting for four suns to the others to do which their female leader ordered them to do just to shut up the male’s insisting talk. He frowns as the male continues speaking that the Amula is female dominated as in led by a female leader which he pauses from talking to add that the Amula visited the camp when the predecessor leader to Mason was alive and their female leader a young woman barely grown was picked as their group leader for Amula who travels out of the Amula camp knifed the predecessor killing him and ordered the Beddune to chose a leader among them. The male continues that the female in question wound up removed from her leadership position because her male escorts talked about what she did to the Beddune leader to Amula’s group leader who had her removed and ordered the males to dominate her till she grew to adulthood and the female after a period of time of being dominated by the males treating her very nasty as ordered by their leader ran away from them disappearing in the forest and they haven’t seen her since. Mason speaks a question of what the female who killed the predecessor’s name was and her description and is told the name is Adria and that she has sky blue eyes and night sky long hair and was wearing a tree bark skin colored gonoid skin dress the last time she was seen before running away which he figures out that the female in question is River herself who notices has a panic look in her eyes staring at him. He hears a moaning sound come from the female Unnamed One on the ground who is jerking herself awake. He kneels on one knee next to her as she opens her eyes to stare at him with a frown in them to place one of his hands on her abdomen to speak that she is carrying offspring which he sees a shocked panic look in her eyes and face. He hears her protest that she couldn’t be carrying for she doesn’t remember mating with a male the last time her female courses ran which one of her male escorts interrupt to speak that she and another male were both sick with some sort of hot sickness which got them both mating which their leader he refers as Pack Leader didn’t stop because the sickness made them both act sexually towards the opposite gender and that they were both giving off mating scents. The male pauses as the female gives off a gasp sound that Pack Leader had them both stripped of clothes and forced to mate with each other which they seemed to get better right away from the sickness hitting them and seemed to have no memory of them being sick or mating which Pack Leader ordered them told if the female wound up carrying. The male continues to speak that the male who mated with her was told just before she left the camp due to him complaining about her smelling like his scent and wanted to know what was going on which he was told this. Mason frowns as the female puts a hand on her forehead to groan loudly then speaks a word sounding like the name Alan in a questioning tone which the male speaks a yes comment. Mason takes the female’s hand and pulls her up to a standing position as she continues to groan loudly then sways a bit which he tightens his grip on her as he glares at the male Unnamed Ones with a glaring stare with his eyes. He sees them look at each other then walk forward to towards her which he releases his hold on her and sees them grip her arms pulling her with wolves following out of the camp going behind a hut out of sight. Mason hears the guard grumble talking about the female who killed his predecessor and like to hurt her by running his spear on her back and hitting her there till she is screaming of pain. He turns his attention to River who still has the panic look in her eyes and notices Alisher has stopped clinging to her to stand besides her. He folds his arms and mentally calls for Merra which he hears her speaking in his mind’s asking what he wants to know. He speaks asking if the Beddune were aware of River’s identity and got her Beddune as a punishment for her killing his predecessor when she was Amula. He hears Merra speak that the Beddune weren’t aware that River was the one who did the deed till the Amula mentioned her name as Adria and a description of her which they are now aware that the Amula female and River are the same person from River telling them her name as Adria and the Beddune observing her traveling through the forest before she was taken down by her abdomen sickness which a traveling group from the city found her and got medical help to her. Mason asks a question about the Beddune getting River as Beddune which he hears Merra speak that the Beddune did that at her manipulating for she was making River pay for killing their leader by becoming Beddune as a price tag and to destroy the gonoid part inside her that makes her change into a gonoid which was completely destroyed by her becoming Beddune. He hears Merra add that from scans the Beddune won’t punish River without his commanding them to do that for he’s her mate and has the authority to inflict punishment on her which is Beddune way. He senses Merra become silent as he stares at River who still has the panic look in her eyes. He notices the guard’s eyes is boring at River with some angry look in them as he speaks to her saying that he heard the Naran refer her as Adria the night the Naran paid a visit to the camp along with mentioning males that were fighting him which he defeated to drink from her as his victory and wants an explanation for that. He stares at River with a frown look in his eyes who abruptly darts around the hut with him jumping on top of the hut to jump down in front of her blocking her way while speaking that he wants to hear River’s side of the story before the Naran decides to pay another visit and blab the reason for his words. River to his annoyance doesn’t answer but walks around him which he grabs her arm and hears her protest with a freaked out voice tone telling him to let go of her which he let goes of her and follows her going into the forest which he speaks a command ordering Beddune to follow him follow her going into the forest while adding that he’s not letting her walk away without admitting the crime against the Beddune. He follows River unnoticed by her and hears her wailing out crying sounds as they reach a raging river with rocks in it and sees her climb on a rock to stand which he realizes that she is going to throw herself into the river and drown grabs her from behind and hauls her struggling away from the river till he can’t hear it and forces her to a kneeling position. He stands over her and repeats his words he told her about the Naran demanding an explanation which River burst out wailing crying sounds and he sees tears are falling from her eyes as he folds his arms with a glare in his eyes boring at her tear stained eyes. He waits till River stops her wailing noises to speak that she’s not going any where till she explains the Naran’s words as he realizes that his attitude towards her isn’t getting him any where. He sees her shut her eyes swaying her form which he acting on a hunch leans down and grabs her by the arms yanking her to stand and kisses her on the lips. He breaks off the kiss to speak with a begging tone demanding that River tell him what’s going on with her for she’s his mate and shouldn’t keep secrets from him which her actions are worrying him. He hugs River who he feels seems to be happy with him hugging her while sensing her calm down from being upset. He again begs to River to tell him what has her so upset which is upsetting him and he wants to know what’s the story with the name Adria who she’s been referred as before he hears it from someone else which would get him more upset with her. He hears River speak in a broken voice that Adria is her name and that she was Amula the female one who killed the Beddune’s leader predecessor to Mason reason for the leader refusing an order she was relaying from the Amula’s Pack Leader about any child found by Beddune they were to give them to the Unnamed Ones which she knifed him in response to the refusal. He hears River pause then continues to speak that the male Amula escorts blabbed to Pack Leader about what she did which the leader had her stripped of her leadership position and ordered her to be slave to the males who were treating her like a gonoid and that they allowed the Naran told her name to feed off of her and touch her sexually which she got fed up and ran away. He frowns as River continues speaking that the Amula females got their leadership positions and dominating the males from using a special voice tone to compel order males to do something which she used on three males getting them to escort her running away in the forest which the Naran found her and she used the males to fight a losing battle with the Naran who defeated them and fed off of her hence his words. He hears River pause then continues speaking that she traveled alone in the forest feeling like she was watched by something she hasn’t seen till she got her sickness and was found by a group of races on gonoids who got her to civilization and medical help to her. Mason keeps his arms around her relaxed as she adds that after trying to live in civilization for a bit she had an instinct call she later learned was Merra manipulating her to go into the forest which she traveled for three suns by herself with the watched feeling which was revealed to be three Beddune who grabbed her and hauled her to Merra kid forcing her inside trapping her in the plant and endured a very painful change into Beddune which her gonoid changing ability separated from her forming a barker gonoid she recognized as one of the Naran’s gonoid escorts. He frowns as he sees movement in his eyes sight to see three male Beddune with angry looks in their eyes come from the bushes quietly all armed with spears and their bare hands are fisted as he continues to hear River speak. He hears her continuing to speak in a quiet voice that the Naran found her among the Beddune and fed off of her a few nights prior to Mason’s arrival and hears her become silent which he feels her face on his shoulder. He eyes the three Beddune who walk forward one speaking in a loud tone with calmness in it on the punishment they should inflict on River as ordered by Mason as their leader. He hears River gasp and feels her face off his shoulder eyes staring at his which he looks at and hears her beg to not let that happen for she’s his mate as he releases his hold around her. He feels conflicted and torn as the Beddune insists that River receive punishment while hearing her begs not to allow that to happen. Mason hears himself speaking in a voice devoid of emotion ordering the Beddune to take River to camp and lock her in the stocks for the punishment which two Beddune dart forwards grabbing her by the arms while hearing her screaming out his name and pleading not to let them punish her for she’s his mate as they lead her out of sight through the forest and he hears her voice no more. Mason feels his knees weak kneels to put arms around his form while rocking his form back and forth while feeling himself in shock as he senses a hand on his shoulder and hears a Beddune voice telling him that the pain of losing her as his mate will go away after a period of time which he abruptly stops his rocking to become still as the voice continues speaking that he’ll survive River’s death by execution and will find another as his mate for the voice oaths that. Mason feels himself become emotionless from hearing the words releases his hold on himself to stand up staring at the Beddune male who lets goes of touching him to continues speaking that River’s punishment will be an execution with Mason as the executioner for he’s the leader of them and should do it which they expect him to do. He doesn’t respond to the words just says in an emotionless voice ordering the male to lead him back to camp which he follows him while feeling his heart breaking as he is overwhelmed with being emotionless running through him. He reaches the camp to go to his hut which he spies Alisher looking happy sitting on the lap of a female Beddune rubbing his head repeatedly with her hand while among other females at their hut. He feels himself overwhelmed with the emotionless feeling goes inside his hut to kneel staring unseeing at the wall with his back to the entrance. He continues to kneel eyes open not blinking very much as he lets his mind become blank with his hands on his thighs as his eyes continue to stare at the hut wall unseeing it unaware of the time and doesn’t acknowledge the summoning howl from outside his hut which he continues his emotionless state. He hears Merra speaking in an annoyed tone sounding like she’s talking to someone else speaking that Beddune thinking that killing River as punishment for her crime isn’t going to bring back their leader she names Fissure or return things the way they are. He hears her pause then hears her continue sounding a little angry asking if their spearing River on the back repeatedly was punishment enough for her crime and mentions that she manipulated River to go to the forest and the three Beddune she encountered to put her in Merra Kid to make her Beddune as a punishment for her crime which her gonoid changing ability was destroyed and her life as Amula ended. Mason keeps himself emotionless as Merra sounding a little more angrier speaks some comment about the Naran figuring out that the Adria Beddune is the missing Adria Amula which she guarantees that he’ll blab to the Amula who will come to the camp inquiring about her and will not be happy to hear of her death by Beddune hands which she adds that the Beddune will regret doing and then says a goodbye comment and he hears nothing more from Merra. Mason finds the emotionless feeling overtakes him which he doesn’t resists and continues to kneel eyes open staring at the hut wall letting his mind becoming blank. He again hears the summoning howl and doesn’t acknowledge it as he finds himself floating outside his body overhead it like a hidden ghost staring at his still form as a male Beddune walks into the hut going to him putting a hand on his body’s left shoulder which he sees doesn’t move from the touch. He sees the male walk around to face him waving a hand over his eyes and sees his body not reacting to it. He continues to watch as the male covers his face’s eyes and unsuccessfully tries to close them that refuse to stay close. He watches as the male puts hands on his body’s shoulders shaking him and sees himself not reacting from it. He continues to watch as the male releases his hold on his body’s shoulders and walks out of the hut which he finds himself back in his body still the same. He hears a male Beddune voice speaking behind him speaking that Mason has gotten deadened judging from him not acknowledging himself being touched and his eyes refusing to close when he tried to force them shut. He hears another male voice speak that he ordered River taken away in a deadened voice and used the same voice tone to order himself led back to camp. He hears a female voice speaking that she noticed the look in his eyes when he looked over at where his son was and saw the look had no emotion in them and his body language she saw seemed like he was deadened before he arrived to the camp. He hears a groaning tone of a male voice who speaks that he told Mason that River’s punishment was an execution with Mason being the executioner and his reaction was to order him to lead him back to camp in a deadened voice. He hears the voice add that he thinks Mason is reacting badly from being told the planned execution as him being the executioner along with the possibly of losing River who is his mate he has repeatedly shown with his previous actions that he values her. He hears a female voice speaking that the Beddune should find the Amula and inform them of River being their missing Adria and want to know what they should do with her along with telling them they were thinking of executing her which their leader her mate has taken the news of the execution plans very badly and has gone in some mindless state as a reaction. He hears a male voice speaking that he’s going to do what the female he names Ida said for he can’t stand around doing nothing while their leader is like the way he is which has him worried about not able to bring him out of it. The voices Mason hears become silent which he hears nothing more and he continues his mindless state even while feeling his senses blare an alarm which he doesn’t acknowledge even keeps himself mindless as the blaring stops and he again finds himself out of his body to see an Amula male in a Human form come into the hut to walk around him to stand staring at him with a frown on his face then walks out which he finds himself back in his body hands curling into fists as he feels a headache which shuts his eyes. He puts his arms around him as the headache stops and he finds himself having range of emotions running through him as the emotionless feeling stops. He hears the summoning howl gets up releasing his hold around him to walk out of the hut to face four Amula all in Human forms three males and a frowning female which he spots two males have River by the arms with one having a hand covering her mouth. He frowns as the female asks him to confirm River telling him as heard by three Beddune that she was their missing Adria which he without any hesitance speaks his confirmation to the words along with shutting his mouth as the female speaks that River’s punishment as execution has been overruled. He frowns as the female continues speaking that River being Beddune is punishment enough for her crime along with receiving repeated spear whipping on her back while Beddune will be satisfactory enough as punishment which her spear whipping will continue every sun with rests for her back to heal until the Amula says she has enough of it. He frowns as the female growls some sound and the males he sees releases their hold on River pushing her towards him which he hold up his hands eyes staring at her. He sees she has several looks flashing in her eyes as she goes to him. He puts his hands on her cheeks to kiss her on the lips while feeling her accept him then he breaks off kiss to rest his forehead against hers with his hands going to her arms gripping them gently while feeling her hands touching his chest in a relaxed position. He hears the female Amula speak that her words she expects the Beddune to obey the orders and hears nothing more from her as he removes his head to pull River with no resistance into the hut which he again kisses her on the lips. He breaks off kiss to pull her to the ground with himself going down to kneeling positions which he lifts her up to straddle him and places hands on her hips his sensitive part entering her while hearing her gasp out a pleasant sound as her hands touch his shoulders while feeling himself become more alive filled with pleasure feeling her clench his sensitive part once inside her. Once fully up the hilt inside her he kisses her on the neck while keeping his hands on her hips as he feels more pleasure like feelings running through him that is making him feel good. He stops kissing to lean his head against River’s while speaking with a voice filled with happiness that he won’t lose her for anything for she’s his mate who he values with his life along with the offspring he has fathered. He resumes kissing River on the neck that raises her head to give him further access as her hands rub his head gently. He uses his hands on River’s hips to still her as he thrusts in and out of her with his sensitive part while hearing her gasp out sounds of pleasure as he rolls his eyes from feeling charges of pleasure from each thrusting inside her while feeling her clench him. He jerks as an intense charge of pleasure arrives spilling in him as he spills himself inside River while hearing her give out a long moan sound. He stops his kissing River’s neck to adjust her position with his hands putting himself up to the hilt inside River and stares at her as she lowers her head to look at him with affection in her eyes which he smiles knowing she can see the emotion in his eyes. He brings his hands rubbing her sides to her chest then to her neck and stops at her cheeks which he rubs while feeling her hands rubbing his head.  He hears the summoning howl and with sadness of regret puts River off of him which he stands up to pull her up and walks out of the hut followed by her. He sees a male who insists that River receive the spear whipping starting now which Mason frowns inwardly but takes River’s hand and brings her to the middle of the camp then orders her to put her arms around him just to use him as a brace from the spear whipping which she obeys her arms around him with hands touching his back and her face on his shoulder. He sees two males do some arm hand gestures towards each other then sees one of them wave a fist and stomp away which he shuts his eyes keeping himself relaxed with senses tuned to River. He senses she is being spear whipped by her stiffening and her getting tenser and tenser. He finds himself losing his relaxed state as she is whipped and feels himself getting tensed up which is followed by anger which rises within him and makes him fist his hands. He feels River biting him with her mouth while hearing her give off whimpering noises which gets him really angry and riled up which he starts to growl loudly. He hears a female voice with oldness in it yell “Enough” which he senses the spear whipping has stopped from River feeling less tenser which he struggles to overcome his anger and hears River give off a gasp sound which gets his anger boiling. He hears a male voice speak that a female is examining River’s back to determine how hurt she is which he again struggles to calm down from his anger running thru him. Mason gets a little annoyed opens his eyes while feeling angry removes River’s hold off of him to take one of her hands and pulls her to the hut while growling of anger. Inside the hut Mason lies down pulling River to lie on top of him on her stomach which he rubs her head and stays awake for a long time as she falls asleep on him. He senses it is night time by his senses blaring as he lies on the ground in the hut with River lying on top of him on her stomach and closes his eyes. He hears River is crying softly and awake by her head off of him and feels her hand touching his cheek fingers stroking. He keeps his eyes closed and senses tuned to River who abruptly gets off of him and he hears her crying getting fainter and fainter which he jerks his eyes open as his sense blare to discover she’s gone from the hut which he gets up to dart out of the hut to look around which he doesn’t see River. He stares at the female hut and finds his feet not moving in that direction which he closes his eyes and uses his instincts to guide him which tell him to go in the opposite direction pass his hut as he opens his eyes. He continues walking till he hears a river goes towards it as if drawn to it which he coming out of the bushes sees River kneeling on a flat boulder on the shore with back to him her form rocking back and forth. Mason goes to the boulder and pauses when it’s an inch from his feet to stare at River who doesn’t seem to detect him continues her rocking back and forth motion. He sees River get up to stand walking to the edge of the boulder which he walks on it towards her to gently place a hand on her shoulder which she stiffens from his hand to spun around yanking it off.  He sees her eyes are wide with wet tears in them as she sees him which he gently places his hands on her cheeks to lower his face towards hers to kiss her on the lips a gentle kiss as her arms go around him hands touching his back in a tight grip. He removes his hands to place them at his sides and leans his chin on River’s head as she leans her forehead on his shoulder. He senses that she is still upset by her shaking form and wetness on his shoulder from her tears. His rages abruptly billow through him as he hears a growling sound from behind him which he loses sanity to find himself still angry lying on top of an unconscious River and he is mating with her while having his eyes aimed at a large Human adult sized Wolverine meters away with a gonoid look of confusion on its face and he is chanting the word “mine” repeatedly over and over like a mantra then loses sanity as he spills himself inside River. Mason comes to find himself lying on the boulder with River on top of him asleep on his stomach. He opens his eyes to see his night vision flashing to daylight vision and back as he sits up in confusion with River still asleep on him which his arms adjust her till she’s sitting sideways on his lap still asleep. He sits on the boulder till his vision turns to daylight vision and stays that way as he sees the sunrise colors in the sky then the colors go away as the daylight becomes brighter which he hears a Beddune howling a sound which he howls in response. River he feels stirs in his arms but stays asleep as three Beddune armed with spears come from the bushes with angry looks in their eyes. He sees their eyes becomes frowns as they stare at him which he gets up carrying River towards them and the three lead him back to camp. On the way the three are rude to Mason telling him to be quiet whenever he tries to talk which they reach camp and he spies in the middle are female Beddune knife attacking a gonoid he recognizes as a large Human sized wolverine that appears dead while lying on its back. He goes to his hut walking inside to place River down who keeps on slumbering and walks out to stare at the wolverine being torn apart. He hears his guard speak that they caught that gonoid hanging around camp acting like it was sick in the head which they had to put down and that gonoid is a male/female combination which is very rare to find. Mason keeps his mouth shut as he mentally calls to Merra asking what caused him to mate with an unconscious River while he was chanting some word while having the rages. He hears Merra speak that the wolverine she refers as wolverine had a mating sickness making it sick in the head attacked Mason and River to get to River as a mate which she was accidentally knocked out by Mason fighting the wolverine. Mason according to Merra defeated the wolverine and discovered the wolverine’s intentions mated with River to prove to it that River was his mate. Merra continues that she sensed the Wolverine and had herself manipulate the wolverine to the Beddune’s camp for them to put it out of its misery for it’ll continue to do its behavior to other manoids including trying to mate with females. He frowns hearing Merra’s words as she adds that she gave River a sleep command just to keep her asleep for River to sleep off being upset and oaths that River will wake up by herself once she’s ready to face things. Mason frowns some more as Merra becomes silent which he hears his guard asking him what Merra was talking about to him. He repeats what she told him about the gonoid the Beddune took out saying that she told him it had a mating sickness making it sick in the head and was targeting manoids to mate with female manoids and that Merra manipulated it to the Beddune’s camp just for them to put it out of its misery. He hears the guard oh his comment then mentions that he thinks River is awake for her breathing sounds sound different. Mason without a word walks into the hut to face an awaken River who is sitting up with a frown in her eyes seeing him. He goes to her and squats to place hands on her cheeks and kisses her on the lips then breaks off kiss to sit down on his seat and with his hands lifts and pulls River onto his lap sideways to hold her leaning against him in a hug. He leans his head on hers as he senses her struggling to relax which he without realizing it puts a hand on her abdomen rubbing the area which he feels her relax to feel a hand over his on her. He feels himself relaxed as she is relaxed only both get tensed up when they both hear the summoning howl. Mason snarls a growling sound then feels River lift herself from him to stand which he follows standing up and sees her point to the entrance which he walks out followed by her. He sees a male have in his hands bowls of food and drink which he sits and is handed the bowls which he takes in the nourishment and hands River the rest who takes in all of leftover and hands him the bowls which he hands to the male who walks away.   He eyes the females sitting at their hut and notices that Alisher isn’t among them which a male walks in his view telling him that Ida wants to talk to him and she’s at the females hut while mentioning that females don’t stray far from huts for danger can sneak up on them without them knowing about it. Mason stands up and notices River has fallen asleep with her head leaning against her fisted hand on her leg. He hears the male speak that River wouldn’t be sleeping like that if she wasn’t comfortable with her surroundings. Mason nods his head goes escorted by the male to the females at their hut which one of them introduces herself as Ida sounding in a feminine voice with oldness in it. He hears Ida speak that Alisher snuck out of the hut before they woke up exploring around and got spooked by the gonoid she refers as Growler seen sniffing huts they put down and adds that the kid ran into Mason’s hut to hide in fear which two male Beddune she refers as Planter and Scared took him away out of sight of them doing their work on the gonoid. He frowns as Ida adds that she hears Planter teaching Alisher about plants while Scared is telling Alisher that being spooked is a good learning experience. He hears Ida continues to talk that River got her name from visiting a river walking distance from the camp sometimes at night time and sometimes sneaking off when she thinks no one is looking which one of the Beddune would find her there if she’s declared missing and her visits stopped when the Naran started feeding off of her along with being paired to Mason himself. He nods his head in understanding as Ida becomes silent which he walks away going to his hut to sit next to River who he notices has adjusted her position to lie down on her side facing the hut while still asleep. He senses a bad feeling looks up to see Drainer Aiden drop down and sees in his hand a stick which he snaps in two and sees Beddune around him fall to the ground which he gets up. Aiden he sees tosses hat at him aimed at his face which he ducks and the Drainer using some power gets his hat back into his hand. He spies Alisher walking into the camp which he sees Aiden see Alisher and chases the Drainer when he charges towards Alisher who runs into a hut. Mason feels something hit him from behind towards his knees which make him kneel followed by something hitting him on the back of the head which knocks him to the ground and spies Aiden throwing his hat at him which hits him in the forehead knocking him out and he goes unconscious. Mason comes to find himself lying on a stone floor with a foot repeatedly kicking him on the stomach which gets him awake to see the Drainer he saw when he was in a jail cell kicking him. He sits up to find himself in a massive room with multiple Drainers of male and female forms and facing him is two Drainers sitting in chairs one with a male form and one with a female form both having plant clawed hand with a Drainer besides them facing them. He sees the male make hand gestures which he hears a Drainer voice in male tones from the Drainer besides them speaking using the word “Says” at he beginning of the sentence says that the Beddune’s leader was brought here for an interrogation. Mason frowns as he stares at the male who continues to make gestures and hears the Drainer continue still using the word Says at the beginning of the sentence telling him that he knocked out two Drainers and freed the imprisoned Drainer Ann-Nea who their having no success in finding and has tracked her to the Beddune camp which Drainers haven’t found with a through search. Mason gets a memory of himself standing at the Beddune X symbol on the path with a female Drainer facing him. In the memory she has a silver ring held up by her fingers of her right hand in his eyes sight and is speaking that she wants to put it on one of his toes to hold in place just to give to Aiden if he wants to find her along with instructing him to tell Aiden that he is to wear it on the same hand she’s holding the ring on the middle finger and with arm straight up fingers facing up and if the hand is in the direction she went it’ll give off a light along with movement. Mason remembering holds up his left foot which she puts the ring on his big toe and the clothing he’s wearing covers it up then he walks away. He jerks as a hand hits him on the back of the head followed by a Drainer roaring noise which shakes him from his reverie. He sees Aiden standing next to him with mouth in a thin line who speaks in a demanding voice tone demanding to know where Ann-Nea went for she’s his mate and wants her found immediately. Mason eyes his left foot reaches his toe to feel the ring and yanks it off with his right hand to hold it up to Aiden whose mouth forms an oh gesture. He speaks that Ann-Nea requested that he give it to Aiden to wear on the same hand he’s holding the ring on the middle finger and told by her with arm straight up fingers facing up and if the hand is in the direction she went it’ll give off a light along with movement. He eyes Aiden who holds up his right hand palm up which he drops in the hand and watches as Aiden using his left hand puts the ring on his middle finger of his right hand then hears him speaking gibberish walks away through an opening with a door besides it going out of sight by turning right. He frowns to adjust his legs to sit cross legged as he turns his attention to the Drainer sitting in a chair who is busy staring at the female Drainer sitting next to him while they both are making head gestures. Mason looks at the doorway to see Aiden come walking in who makes a roaring like growl noise then speaks in gibberish which he frowns as the Drainer sitting in the chair makes hand gestures out of the corners of his eyes and hears Aiden speaking gibberish again then walks towards him grabbing him by the arm hauling him up to speak words which he understands “The ring works you lucky bastard.” Mason frowns as he sees Aiden turn his attention to the sitting Drainer who makes hand gestures then Aiden gives off gibberish before adjusting his hold on his arm to force him out of the room to a hallway with stone walls. He keeps his mouth shut as Aiden hauls him out of the hallway to outside to a stone courtyard which his arm is let go and he hears Aiden speaking that a globe will form over the Drainer which he is to walk inside and Aiden will take him back to the Beddune camp at their meeting spot. Mason sees a large golden ball come out of Aiden’s chest that gets bigger and surrounds the Drainer which he walks inside feeling like walking through air to see the inside of the globe is like glass and he can see out. He sees Aiden use his hands to manipulate the globe which he senses its movements while it’s traveling in the air and watches as it reaches the Beddune meeting spot where the X is. He watches as the globe reverts going through him like air then enters the Drainer’s chest. He keeps his mouth shut as Aiden verbally apologizes for what he and his companion Jimo did to the Beddune and its leader for they were upset about Ann-Nea who their worried about. He hears Merra’s voice in his mind telling him to repeat what she says to Aiden which he does hearing her speak that Drainers’ actions against the Beddune aren’t tolerable and will not be tolerated done again which he includes from Merra’s talk that if the Drainers want something they should ask instead of using force and mentions from Merra that’s what they expect the Drainers to do when wanting something from the Beddune. He glares at Aiden who speaks his agreement and watches as a globe comes from the Drainer and surrounds Aiden which lifts off into the air flying out of sight. He walks down the path walking through the bushes to see awaken Beddune who look at him with a range of emotions in their eyes which he spots River sitting up in front of his hut looking awake with her sewing stuff in her hands which he sees her eyes are staring at her hands doing her sewing. He goes to her to sit cross legged next to her in front of his hut which he spots Alisher appearing asleep sitting sideways on a lap of a female Beddune sitting in front of a hut with other females. He speaks to his guard a question about Aiden breaking a stick in his hand which got the Beddune down. He hears his guard speak that too many past suns ago after Drainers were aware of them for the first time Aiden made a sneak visit into their camp walking in unannounced but noticed by them which they tried to kick him out and he refused to leave but stomped his foot on a twig lying nearby in anger on an argument about that which the sound of it hurt the Beddune enough to knock them out for barely a sun movement to another position. Guard adds that Aiden didn’t leave the camp while they were out but waited till they were up and awake to snap another twig in his hand which again knocked them out and when they woke up Aiden was gone. He stands up to look at above the camp to see clusters of tree limbs of all sizes some with leaves on them and some without then mutters out loud about himself did a visit to the Amula camp some suns ago by tree travel and got in a tree with objects hanging off the tree limbs that gave off noise which alerted the Amula to his presence and wonders if the Beddune can do the same thing to the trees because of how Aiden got into their camp without them being aware of it. He hears Merra speak in his mind that the idea should be put in action because the Drainer King the one he saw using hand gestures actually keeps the peace among Drainers along with his female and has gotten the asking term which he has repeatedly told the Drainers who aren’t taking his words due to them not seeing him as a leader among the Drainers who are viewing another Drainer by the name of Torrin as the leader due to his bullying attitude and that it is him who’s words are viewed as Drainer law hence the Drainers still using force to get what they want instead of asking. Mason frowns as Merra becomes silent and he hears his guard asking him what Merra told him which he repeats everything Merra told him and orders the Beddune to rig the trees’ limbs with noisemakers for he’s not having the Drainers do another sneak visit from there again.

Mason hears a twig snapping sound looks to see Aiden with Jimo standing in camp with Aiden holding a twig as Beddune around him hits the ground he and eyes River who slumps over with her eyes open aimed at him showing nervousness in them. He is ordered by an angry Aiden to go with them to the castle which he hears Jimo back Aiden up in a begging tone. He gets up and goes to the Drainers who take him to the X spot and Jimo globe travels them to the castle which they go into the throne room and he spots a female Drainer lying on the floor not moving while appearing to be dead who he recognizes as Ann-Nea and frowns wondering what happened to her. He sees a Drainer standing to the side of her introduces himself as Torrin and demands to know what he did to Ann-Nea for she was found in a pond dead. Mason gets suspicious when he hears Merra’s voice in his mind instructing to keep his mouth shut. He obeys as Torrin demands him to explain what he did to Ann-Nea which he refuses to talk. He hears Merra’s voice telling him to walk away out of the castle which he walks towards the doorway unstopped but is blocked by Torrin who is roaring some nonsense sound sounding angry which he keeps himself calm holds his ground as Torrin charges at him and he steps aside tripping Torrin who hits the floor on his stomach. He hears himself speaking in a strange voice in a different language telling Drainers not to be led by Torrin he calls a bully then leaves the castle to the walls overlooking the forest which he spots something shiny glides towards it in a tree to meet three male Beddune each holding spears in the tree who tell him to wait till their at the camp to explain what the Drainers wanted with him. He speaks that he gets it then with one in front and two behind he is taken to the Beddune camp which they glide by tree to tree and land at the X spot symbol and escorted to the camp where he explains to them that a Drainer named Ann-Nea is dead which the Drainers are blaming him for her death and he hears Merra speak that he had nothing to do with her death and that it was Torrin’s idea to blame him because hence he brought to the castle. He repeats what Merra told him and adds that he told the Drainers not to be led by Torrin whose behavior is bully like. He hears Merra speak that Torrin’s behavior was a result of a dispute between Drainers and that two Beddune should go and confront the King on the Drainers’ behavior of entering the camp unannounced which Mason repeats and see two Beddune dart away carrying spears. He goes to his hut to see River isn’t in front of it which a male stops him to speak that after they woke up River went inside the hut and has been giving off crying like sounds that haven’t stopped for he’s still hearing them and suspects that she’s freaked out by the Drainers’ unannounced visits but isn’t sure. Mason speaks that he’ll get what their saying which he goes into hut to see River kneeling with back to entrance giving off sobbing sounds with her hands covering her face as he walks around her. He kneels and places his hands on hers which he hears her gasp as he speaks her name and she takes her hands away from her face and he sees tears are spilling down her eyes. He gently pulls River without any resisting while adjusting his legs to sit on his seat and puts River on his lap sideways against him with his arms around her. He hugs her as she continues to cry which is quieted by him kissing her on the forehead which he breaks off to rub his chin on it while tightening his hold around her with his arms. He hears River speak that she’s sort of remembered some things that she forgot and found them painful which are bothering her. Mason keeps his mouth shut as he continues to hug her who he hears her speak that she remembered being Amula and the reason why she knifed the Beddune leader predecessor to Mason who she discovered the reason was trivial and she’s upset about it for the reason is against Amula rules.  He keeps his mouth shut as River continues speaking that the trivial thing was her anger at the Beddune’s refusal to her order request which caused her to knife the Beddune leader which doing things by anger is against Amula rules and forbidden as repeatedly told over and over by her elders as she grew up among the Amula children. Mason frowns as River adds that she’s frustrated by her stupidity as Amula doing the knifing which cost her way of life and made her become Beddune as a price tag she has been struggling with before Mason came. River includes that the struggling was still on going with Mason as her mate who has always shown that he sees her as his mate by his actions and treatment towards her which the Beddune unaware of her struggle have been trying to keep her and Mason together which she finds that Mason’s treatment of her is his way of helping her cope with her struggling. Mason again kisses her forehead to lean his head on top of hers while rubbing her with his hands gentle stroking motions as she pauses then continues that it was Merra in a dream told her that mates don’t keep secrets from each other and that Mason should be helping her cope with her problems as her mate who according to Merra is viewing her as that from his behavior and treatment towards her. He frowns as River stops talking to feel her hand touch his chest over his beating heart and feels the hand rubbing the area gently while sensing her relax by his arms around her. He tensed up as she does the same when they both hear the summoning howl sound which Mason and River get up with him walking out of the hut first followed by her. He sees a male who insist that River receive the spear whipping and that the females will restrain her which Mason doesn’t say a word escorts River to the middle of the camp and backs up as two females grab River by the arms in an apparent ironclad grip. He watches grimacing as River is spear whipped and gets riled up in anger as he hears her give off whimpering sounds very loudly. He fists his hands and starts growling loudly as anger becomes full blown and then on the verge of losing sanity hears Ida’s voice coming from standing next to him telling the Beddune to cease the spear whipping which the male obeys and he shuts his eyes struggling to calm down only to get worked up as River gives off cries of pain which he finds himself on the verge of losing sanity again feels River’s arms going around him hands touching his back and her form pressing into him with her face on his shoulder while hearing her giving off crying sounds as he feels her grip is tight while feeling her hands rubbing his back in jerky motions. He struggles to calm himself down by unclenching his hands but keeps his eyes shut while feeling River still upset by her holding onto him. He hears Merra say in his mind that she has repeatedly told River to view Mason as her mate for helping with her struggling to live as Beddune which she senses has gotten the message from scans of her mind and her hugging him for comfort from her pains of punishment. He also hears Merra speak that she’ll have a talk with Ida who Beddune view as one who gives advice for problems and a peace maker for helping keep the Beddune in peace what she told him just so he won’t have to repeat it along with telling her some things she’ll tell him later. He mentally speaks that he gets the message while feeling himself calming down from his angry mood as River he senses has stopped crying loudly.  He sense River has calmed down from her hands stopped jerking on his back and from her form pressed into him. He stands feeling himself better and hears Ida’s voice speaking telling him to have River come with her to the females’ hut for a private conversation which she hopes will help heal River. Mason keeps his mouth shut as he gently removes River’s arms off of him who doesn’t protest to the removal and spies a female Beddune put an arm around River and escort her to the females’ hut both going inside. He goes to his hut to sit crossed legged while hearing jangling sounds from above him. He looks up as others look up to see two male Beddune drop down one carrying a female Beddune in his arms. He frowns as the female is lowered to the ground and escorted towards him where one of the guard introduces Mason as their leader and the female he stares at kneels in front of him a bit away with some look in her eyes like she has questions requiring answers. He frowns as she asks him why his name is Mason which he tells her that he was given that name at birth from his parents who weren’t Beddune and was raised another way and not Beddune way. Female he eyes nods her head and jerks her head towards the right which he hears his guard speak that a storm is coming fast and that the female here has to go inside his hut for the rain hitting females brings a very sick ailment that takes them a long time to get over. He gets up and walks into the hut followed by the female just in time for there’s a loud clap of thunder which he peers besides the hut blanket to see rain fall hard and hears the female ask him to secure the blanket due to feeling cold. He obeys and turns around only to feel her hands touch him on his sensitive part which he shoots out a hand and grips her on the throat while demanding she release her hold on him. Her clawed hands start stroking him which riles him up to feel angry and he yanks her hands off of him with his hands while letting go of her throat and suddenly gets rages losing sanity. He comes to feeling a hand touching his cheek while sensing the storm gone along with a new day arriving while lying on the ground with his eyes closed and feels his anger is still running thru him. He opens his eyes to stare at River leaning over him from her kneeling position with worry in her eyes. He asks her what happened which her expression in her eyes changes to annoyance and he gets the rages again. He comes to find his anger gone and his sensitive part inside River while he is in a kneeling position and she is straddling him while he is kissing her on the throat with her head up face facing the hut’s ceiling. He gets image of a male Human a teenager nearly an adult with all white eyes wearing Amula like animal skin clothing sitting in a cross legged position eyes staring at his eyes sight point of view as he is lying on the ground and it is night time according to his night vision showing in that image. The male he sees in the image nods his head then the image goes away and he is still kissing River’s neck and enjoying the feel of himself inside her. His hands are rubbing her breasts which he lowers them rubbing her to her hips which he grips to move her stroking his sensitive part which he rolls his eyes from the charges of pleasure hitting him each time he gets fully inside River while feeling her enjoy the mating. He spills himself inside River while hearing her give out a moaning like gasp sound and he stops kissing her throat to trail kisses up to her face as she lowers her head to kiss her on the cheeks then on the lips as he hears the summoning howl which he feels regret stops kissing and pushes River gently off of him and he stands up as she stands up. He walks out of the hut followed by River to see the guard has his head towards a male Beddune that is standing a bit away with a confused expression in his eyes that that give him the feeling like he knows those eyes some where.  Mason stands as River sits crossed legged besides his standing position which he continues to eye the male. He hears the guard speak introducing him as Mason their leader of the Beddune which he frowns inwardly hearing that and hears the guard continue speaking that Mason was raised another way and is still learning the Beddune way of life like the male he calls Journeyer will learn. He sees the male Journeyer nod his head with understanding in his eyes that still bother him as another male comes to him requesting him to come with him. He watches as Journeyer walks with that male walking away and frowns as the male keeps turning to look back at him several times as he is walking away. Mason notices River eyeing him with a narrowed eyed look her hands holding her sewing which he looks at her and she looks down at her hands and starts sewing. He frowns and calls for Merra which he hears her speak with annoyance in her voice that she’s busy attending to a problem and needs to fix it first before she can hold conversations with anyone. He frowns as the guard asks him if Merra told him that she was busy attending to a problem and needs to fix it first before she can hold conversations with anyone. He stares at the guard with a frown in his eyes as the guard continues that Merra told Ida that who told the Beddune and thinks its what’s Merra is telling Mason himself due to Ida haven’t said that Merra told her that she was finished with the fixing. Mason speaks that what the guard said is what Merra told him which he adds asking what he did when he got the rages and hopes he didn’t physically harm anyone. He sees guard looking at him narrow his eyes then look away instead of answering his question and he sees out of the corners of his eyes River staring at him with a narrowed eyed look in her eyes while pausing from her sewing. He looks at her fully in the face by turning his head towards her and frowns when she looks down at her hands and resumes sewing. Mason feels confusion running through him that bothers him as the sun gets high in the sky till he looks at an area between huts like he’s drawn there and spies an Amula female in Human form escorted by a male Amula in Human form and two wolves walking besides them come around the hut walking in view. He stares at the Amula who reach him to pause from their walking to stare at him. He sees that the female has a glare on her face while the male looks bewildered by his expression. He frowns as the female orders him to stand up which he hears the guard insist he do it which he stands and one of the wolves walk forwards stopping to inches away then look at the female with its head before walking to join its wolf companion. He hears the female give off a growling sound in a questioning tone which he hears come from one of the wolves giving off a growling sound in a non questioning tone. He frowns staring at her as he sees her face show annoyance on it. He continues to stare at her as she speaks in his language Beddune asking who he mated with. He finds that question confusing points to River with a hand and speaks that he gets great rages of anger that sometimes put him out of it like he went unconscious and doesn’t know what he did while having the rages till someone tells him or he remembers it. He sees the female’s glare turn to disgust as the male next to her has his bewildered expression change to a frown. He frowns some more as the female speaks with annoyance in her tone that he reeks of mating with a female Beddune that isn’t his female River who she refers as Adria who is sitting next to him which he stiffens as shock arrives within him. The female Amula continues as he feels more shock speaking that she’s disappointed that the Beddune allowed Mason to mate with another female other than Adria which she hopes won’t happen again. He frowns feeling a little uncomfortable as the female speaks that Amula will be back and expects Mason to be reeking of only mating with Adria. He stares at the female who shift form to a wolf and spots the Human male do the same and watches as the wolves bound away leaving the camp going out of sight behind a hut. He feels annoyance arrive within him as he recalls the storm forcing him to accept another female into his hut who touched him sexually while getting the rages. He speaks loudly demanding to know why the Beddune wouldn’t tell him what he did to one of their females which he is annoyed to hear that from the Amula which he is interrupted by the guard telling him to shut up in an annoyed tone.  He glares at the guard whose back is to him and folds his arms to growl loudly which he angrily storms into the hut to go to the wall farthest from the entrance and lowers his arms to angrily throws his fist towards it only to feel his arm caught by hands gripping it in an ironclad grip. He sees the hands’ owner is River which he snarls angrily that he expects Beddune to tell him what he did after he has a rage episode and not keep it from him who has him angry about. He stares at River who in response releases his arm to hug him hands touching his back with her head on his shoulder. He feels more angry which he adds speaking that he’s disappointed that River didn’t bother to tell him for she’s his mate and shouldn’t keep secrets from him which he expects her to not do. He gets rages comes to find himself outside the hut holding a male Beddune by the throat who is kneeling gagging loudly while two Beddune are behind the male, one speaking that he should calm down and release that male they refer as Eavesdropper for he was only relaying what Mason was saying to River in the hut and has been punished enough for his eavesdropping on other male and female pairs when their in huts. He finds his anger is still boiling within him as River walks in front of him and he doesn’t resists or protest as she peels his hand off Eavesdropper’s throat who coughs some gasping air sounds. He gives the male a glare as he feels River hug him while pressing her form with her hands touching his back and her forehead touching his chin which he forces his eyes shut to allow her touch to relax him from his anger.  He hears a howling sound which he frowns for it doesn’t sound Drainer like which he recalls the sound is Amula from when he was in a tree outside of Beddune camp and hears a male speak that it’s the Amula and they sound like they have found Beddune in a tree. He keeps his mouth shut as he hears multiple howling sounds that become closer and closer by their tones followed a female voice in Human Amula tones speaking loudly why this male Beddune reeks of Merra kid and mentions that her people didn’t put a male like him in the plant for they only put a female a sun ago. Mason tenses up to open his eyes and sees the Amula is meters away facing him two Amula males in Human forms having hands on a male Beddune’s arms that has a frown in his familiar eyes. Mason snarls angrily that he had a rage episode during a storm while in a hut with a female Beddune that isn’t River he refers as Adria and met a male Beddune with eyes that reminded him of something while feeling confused and got no explanation from the Beddune or Adria on what he did during his rage episode. He sees the female’s eyes narrow staring at him as he continues he tried to get an explanation and was told to shut up quite literally which has him furious. He senses River’s fingers of one hand is tapping his back as he is talking and shuts himself up to glare at River who’s eyes is staring at his while feeling her tapping stop. He sees disgust come to the female Amula who folds her arms while speaking that this male she referring to the one held by her companions is also reeking of Mason whom she suspects his mating with a female Beddune created him which the Beddune hid and put in Merra kid. Mason gives off a growling angry sound while feeling his anger arrive opens his mouth and speaks that he’s angry that none of the Beddune told him that while feeling River’s fingers of one hand again tap his back which he shuts his mouth to feel her fingers stop the tapping motion. He feels his anger take control while feeling River’s arms grip him tighter and feels her press her form some more onto his form as the rages arrive and he loses sanity. He comes to find himself kneeling on the ground with his head on River’s shoulder and her arms are around him and his arms are behind his back with several pairs of hands gripping them in a tight ironclad grip with his anger still boiling thru him. He again loses sanity as the rages take control and comes to finds himself still restrained while feeling a hand covering his eyes and a hand touching his cheek he recognizes as River’s hands while hearing her voice with upset tone in it words understood urging him to calm down for his behavior while having the rage episodes when restrained is worrying her. Mason hears Ida’s voice speaking to him in a calm tone with sweetness in it urging him to calm down and do it for River who is upset that he can’t seem to stop getting the rage episodes like he already gotten twice which has her frustrated that he’s not calming down from her touching him. He feels his anger is simmering and feels his eyes are shut with River’s hand covering them and breathes hard through his mouth sucking and releasing air as he struggles to calm down. He continues to breathe hard through his mouth while feeling River’s hand on his cheek gently rub which he presses his face onto the hand concentrating on the feeling of pleasure it is giving him as his anger starts to leave him. He feels himself relaxing as the hands holding his arms release him which he blindly feels for River’s form with his hands which he feels her thighs from her kneeling position and keep his hands on them while cutting off his mouth breathing to breathe through his nose very deeply. He gets a vision of a female Shadonian wearing Amula animal skin clothing with her wings bare while sitting in front of a hut with two white wolves one at each of her sides sitting on their tummies and sees the all white eyed teenaged male as if seeing from someone’s eyes pulled into the eyes’ sights’ view by Amula in Human forms who push him to kneel in front of the female Shadonian. He hears the male speak the words Pack Leader while adding what she wants with him in a questioning tone. The Shadonian speaks calling the male Seer and requests him to tell her what future he has seen regarding the Beddune. The male he sees and assumes is called Seer speaks that he has seen two Beddune a male and a female in mating positions which has him disgusted then goes silent which the Shadonian again asks him to tell her more while saying that he’s hiding something. Seer speaks that he has seen a vision of a baby Beddune held in the arms of a Beddune unsure of gender and that’s all he has seen. Mason sees a male Amula in Human form come into the eyes sight view with hand holding a thick branch with a fire at the end. He sees two males grab Seer by the arms as the male holding the torch aims it at Seer’s throat who screams out he saw the male was the Beddune’s leader mating with a female Beddune and saw the female give birth to a Beddune baby who another male carrying the child in his arms put in the plant dubbed Merra kid by the Beddune and saw a male Beddune full grown come out. He sees the male holding the torch turn to look at the Shadonian who speaks that Seer is telling the truth and adds that she expects Seer to be more forthcoming with his visions relating to the Beddune which Seer is put in a standing position and the Shadonian dismisses him verbally. He watches as Seer walks towards the eyes’ sight which shifts up as the Seer reaches the eyes’ sight to tower above bending down and hears the Seer calling the eyes sight a dumb dog for doing nothing but stare at people all the time which he hears a bark sound interrupting the Seer who has a glare on his face with narrowed all white eyes. Mason senses the vision leave him as the scene goes black and feels himself calmer with River’s hand still covering his eyes and hand on his cheek with his hands still touching her thighs.  He feels her hand covering his eyes removed to place on his other cheek which he likes the feel of them on him. He realizes that he loves River which helps him relax and become really calm as he opens his eyes to stare at her in her eyes that are showing worry in them which he sees then widen to show shock followed by her hands gently rubbing his cheeks as affection comes to her eyes. He hears a female voice he recognizes as the female Amula in Human form speaking that she sees what the Beddune meant about Mason having his rage episodes and having Adria referring to River helping him calm down from them. Mason keeps his mouth shut while staring at River who removes her hands and he stands up as she does the same which he folds his arms to face the female Amula who has her arms folded with a frown on her face looking in his direction with a male Beddune besides her holding a spear. Mason frowned as he saw the Amula female rub her head with a fisted hand. He felt it odd but kept his mouth shut. Amula comment that their leaving and leave with woman walking out followed by two wolves and Human Amula without changing into wolves. Mason orders River to go in his hut which she does. Once inside he asks her why the Amula female was using her fist on her head. River is hesitant to answer so he used kissing her neck and kneading her chest to get her to answer which is that when Amula kill Beddune their hands the palms turn a different color. Mason hears the Summoning howl walks out with River and is told that its time for River to be whipped. River to his shock kicks him in the leg before going inside the hut which he follows with confusion. He asks River a question of “What’s wrong?” River in response to his shock attacks him hitting and kicking and growling loudly which he restrains her by forcing her to lie down him on top holding her in place. He feels her hands touch his cheeks followed by her voice mentally speaking that Beddune can hear them talking in the hut and heard their conversation and that the Beddune are angry at the Amula hence Mason mating with their females along with them whipping her into their anger. He hears her gasps along with her hands leaving his cheeks which he feels a Beddune hand touch his shoulder and he twists to see a male Beddune with suspicion in his eyes standing next to him. He rudely orders the Beddune to get out. Beddune leaves followed by the summoning howl howling twice. Mason feels annoyance pulls River up and walks out with hand holding hers. Beddune there insists River get whipped and females’ will restrain her. Mason obeys to stands eyes on River watching her being whipped. Her whimpering sounds rile him up till he gets really mad and gets a rage episode. He comes to find himself lying in a hut on his side facing River lying on her side facing him. He sits up feeling a little calmer but hears the summoning howl while his senses are blaring and he feels confused but the summing howl compels him to go out which he sees the Amula are back while feeling sting pain all over him that make him woozy and he like a rage episode loses himself. He come to find himself falling to a floor that looks like the floor of the Drainer castle throne room and goes unconscious. He comes to in his mind to find himself in a hallway with open doors at both sides and sees a closed door with symbols on it that say “Destroyer.” Claws appear to tell him to trust Merra who will help him. Claws add that he has to open the door to defeat them for only a Destroyer can do this.   Mason opens door sliding it open as a ball of light comes out throwing him backwards which his fall is caught by Merra as the energy ball changes color from yellow to white and enters him through the chest. He finds himself back in his body lying on some thing like a mattress with a head on his chest that feels like River’s as she is lying on her back he see. He opens his eyes to find himself in a stone walled room with a wooded ceiling and there are two doors in his eyes sight view on his left. He feels River move and sees her sit up which he sits up to hear a throat clearing noise. He looks at his right to see a female Beddune sitting in a chair staring at him with worry in her eyes. She speaks that a race manoid with gonoid thinking disgusted as Amula came to their camp twice. Once at day time while Mason had a rage episode and the second visit was at night when they revealed their forms as shape changing tree plant manoids a race that is controlled bay a Human like manoid that came into their camp. The Human appeared to control the tree plant manoids by his mind judging by the manoids look at him before doing stuff. Mason asks for the Human’s ear shapes which female says are not like a Human despite his face like a Human and are pointed which Mason figures out the being is a Highlander. The female adds that Merra transported Mason and River to the Drainer’s stronghold that tested them both with their tech which the results say hat River is fully Human but Mason is not. The tests say that Mason matches partly of the same species of a Human like male who lived with them before the male’s death before the globe formed over the castle and the surrounding forest. Mason frowns hearing that as the female continues that Mason’s internal systems were tested and it appears that they were fighting off some thing called a body mutation that his body defeated by expelling it out of him by through waste and throwing it up. The stuff was tested to reveal some kind of living organism that matched a tree. Mason frowns hearing this as the female adds that Aiden has admitted getting a memory of seeing Drainer babies in an easy accessed cave change into tree plant manoids after his predecessor and Torrin arrived there holding baby Aiden himself. They according to Aiden were able to save only one baby Aiden himself who later got out of the arm grip of his predecessor and crawled fast with the Drainers following in pursuit to the castle wall which blocked his escape and that’s where they caught him which the Drainers discovered the castle and started taking residence there. Mason feels quite disgusted gets up with females following him walks out into the hallway to the throne room and see in the throne room a tree plant manoid there with back to doorway appearing to be arguing with two male Beddune who are accusing plant of making leader sick and plant is accusing Beddune of preventing them from creating more of their race by their way of as their survival. Mason gets mad sneak up behind plant to boot it in the butt that hits the floor twisting around which he sees a Human like face despite having a branchy like hair raises his fists towards it. Beddune male halts him by telling him not to do that. Mason straightens up to speak that he wants to leave. He hears Beddune verbally agree which he walks out followed by Beddune to courtyard and he picks up River to carry as a male picks up female to carry. Group goes to Beddune camp with male leading the way. At camp same Amula group is there along with six husky dogs Mason recognizes as the Naran’s and Naran is no where in sight. He frowns as Amula female asks where he’s been which Mason replied “Out traveling” he plucks pine needles from the air with his hand repeatedly before handing them to male Beddune telling him to get them identified. He hears River speak asking a question to Amula if their name is Unnamed Ones which h Mason hears the female Amula confirm with a yes comment which tells him that their not Amula Mason turns to male next to him to ask question of the Barkers’ owner which the male say with comment using the words “Seen treed.”  He hears Merra say “With face revealed by another Highlander who is now wearing the mask. Along with the plants upset about their Highlander leader loss for their dependant on him to guiding them and have left them upset and are taking it out on the Beddune and the Amula by their threats of infecting them.” Mason asks male Beddune “what trees are these?” Human Amula howl an angry cry and their forms change into plant people which wolf Amula whimper loudly while cowering on the ground on their stomachs. Mason senses pine needles shooting at him from the plant people at him which he roars a growling noise which pine needles appear in the air that burst into dust falling apart to the ground. Mason feels River’s hands on his sides while feeling her form pressing into him followed by her hands sliding off as her form stops pressing into him. He hears the plant say as he twists around to catch River that they’ll infect Beddune if he doesn’t give up his female. He sees a pine needle poking her in the throat which he kisses her on the forehead as she closes her eyes and starts shaking .Mason speaks with a dead voice as he puts River on the ground that he’s going into his hut and doesn’t want to be summoned till the plants are gone. He walks away ignoring the plants to go inside his hut to kneel as he realizes that he has lost River forever which makes him break his heart while feeling intense sadness. He hears the summoning howl to walk out finding three plant people and sun is low in sky. The Naran is there which plants insist to Mason to take the Naran’s mask or they’ll infect Beddune. Mason numbly obeys yanking off the mask from the Naran to put on his face going unconscious. Mason finds himself on a beach as a Human wearing shorts and nothing else. River appears in his eyes sight who pleads with him to take another female and mate with her for it’ll kill her just to spare herself from living as a plant. Mason doesn’t say anything as blackness arrives and he finds himself lying as Beddune in his hut. He feels numb and gets overwhelmed with sadness hitting him which makes him cry out in pain several times. His senses blare during his wailing which he wails himself t sleep. He dreams mostly memories of River starting from the moment he met her to her last day as his in the Drainer Castle. He wakes up by summoning howl which he walks out to kneel eyes staring at the ground feeling emptiness hitting him. He doesn’t acknowledge the Beddune in front of him telling him that they have food and drink for him to take in. He feels food at his lips which he allows himself to eat and drinks from the bowl brought to his lips leaving no drops in it. Once done gets up and goes inside his hut to kneel eyes staring at the walls not really seeing them. He continues to stare at the walls till his senses blare which he lies down on his back to stare at the ceiling shutting his eyes. His dreams are memories of River from first meeting to Drainer Castle. He is waked by summoning howl and walks out still numb to kneel and hears Merra’s voice in his mind insisting that he go back inside his hut which he does to kneel and gets the urge to mate hitting him hard followed by a rage episode. He loses sanity comes to find himself lying on his back in the hut that doesn’t appear to be his while feeling a small body lying on him.  He sense that the body is Alisher which he moves off of him to onto a female Beddune which he gets up and feels his senses blare. He walks out of the hut letting his feet take him out of the Beddune camp going into the forest walking aimlessly till he reaches the river he registers as the one River visited with the boulder there. He goes to rock to kneel on it eyes staring at the water letter his mind become blank while getting a rage episode. He comes to kneeling staring at the water as intense pain comes to his chest while hearing River’s voice crying out “Mason!” Unsure of it in his head or by his ears as his heart pain stops and he realizes that River is dead forever and won’t come back to him. He shuts his eyes unsure of the time to feel a hand Beddune like touch his shoulder which he hears his name spoke with concerned tone. He opens his eyes to get and follows the male back to camp which he goes to kneel in front of his hut as food is again brought o his lips which he eats and feels bowl to his lips which he drinks then once done goes inside his hut to lie down falling into a dreamless sleep. The summoning howl wakes him up whom he feels angry walks out to see plants two of them who insist he come with them and allows them to infect him or they’ll infect Beddune. Mason gets angrier gets rages comes to find himself restrained by Beddune while kneeling with anger simmering within him. He sees on the ground is pieces of torn plants lying scattered with a plant person standing next to it looking nervous by the facial expression eyes looking away from him. He sees a Highlander wearing clothes that reminds him of his as a human. Highlander has an angry look on his face with eyes that are narrowed aimed at him whom he gets angry and starts growling loudly as Highlander are staring at him with an intense look which he assumes is scanning his mind. He mentally speaks that he’ll see that every plant manoid is destroyed for taking his mate he was forced to destroy her to spare her from becoming a plant. He adds that he has no purpose in life besides leading the Beddune to bring death to the plant manoids which he is interrupted by Merra sound angry saying that plant manoids have threatened to infect Beddune if Mason their leader didn’t do what they wanted. He hears her continue that Mason had to choose his people’s life for doing something the plant person have ordered him to do and their doing this behind the Highlander’s back due to them enjoying the threatening manoids with infecting them. He hears Merra add that she has cleared obstacles in Mason’s mind for the Highlander she named as Forrester to scan Mason’s mind and to see why he’s angry speaking his threats against his minions. He hears Merra become silent as he glares at the Highlander Forrester stares at them then stares at the plant looking at him. Plant speaks verbally “No targeting and infecting females of any race periods.” Mason growls loudly hearing that as male Beddune walks in front of him blowing mist into his face which he finds himself calming down as Forrester and the plant leave the camp. Mason finds himself freed from Beddune hands feels relaxed to sit crossed legged eyes staring at the ground which his eyes turn towards an area between huts to see a male walk into view escorting a female Beddune who has no furry things peeking out the top of her head or have golden eyes. Her eyes he sees reminds him of his own for their same as his and he feels drawn to her. He stands as she reaches him and with palms up and goes to her as she has her palms up which he touches to feel a charge of pleasure jolt hit him then goes away as they let go to hug each other. He hears River’s voice in his mind speaking “Take her as yours, do it for me for being with a mate is what I want you to have.”  Mason lets go of female who speaks that her name is Rosa which he speaks that his name is Mason and he orders her to follow him into the hut which he goes into with her following. Inside he gets the urge to mate that hits him hard which he roughly get her lying on her back him on top of her and enters her with no protest from her and feels nothing blocking his way entering her. He makes noises of pleasure while hearing her echo his noises as he is thrusting in her which her meeting his movements. He feels charges of pleasure hitting him each time he enters her. He roars a cry of victory once spilling inside Rosa who gives off a loud moaning sound of pleasure. Mason with regret pulls out of Rosa to noisily kiss her neck while feeling her enjoy it which he stops to lay his head on her chest falling asleep with Rosa’s arms around him. He dreams of River as Human standing on a grassy field in a white dress with a frown on her face till a Human male looking different from her facial appearance appears in front of her while wearing white clothing. An image of a plant manoid looking male like flashes in the dream followed by the image showing the ground littered with shredded plants which he realizes is the plant manoid he destroyed was the Human male. He watches as she smiles as the male smiles and they hug then walk hand and hand away from his view heading towards a round circular arch that reminds him of the arch he was found by Beddune laying next to it without any clothes on. He watches as the duo go into the gate which flashes its white light and then the scene goes black.

Mason woke up with his senses blaring. He heard a sound of a rainy thunder storm outside the hut and got up to secure the blanket covering the entrance to keep it from flapping. He sat crossed legged and stared at the blanket while hearing a howling noise that sounded eerie to him. He heard Rosa give up a yelp and looked at her to see her sitting up with fear in her eyes. He again heard the eerie howl and saw Rosa dart towards him to sit on his lap putting her face on his shoulder while holding him in a tight grip. He felt Rosa shaking as the howl sounded again sounding louder with pain in the tone. He frown hearing it as Rosa chewed at his shoulder with her teeth. He felt the rages arrive and lost sanity to find himself standing in the hard rain with Rosa hugging him while feeling himself numb. He lowered his head to stare at Rosa looking at him with an unreadable expression in her eyes. He brought his hands to her back as a sick feeling arrived within him as blackness clouded up his eyes sight and he felt himself falling to his knees with Rosa falling along him. He kept his arms around Rosa as he hit the ground to lie on his side while feeling her groan loudly and felt her form go still as he shut his eyes surrendering to the unconsciousness overtaking him. 

Mason woke up with a jerk to find himself lying on his back opening his eyes. He saw Beddune male and female stood in a circle surrounding him and Rosa he sensed was lying next to him unconscious. He stared at the Beddune with confusion and felt himself better as he sat up. 
He spoke with confusion in his voice “What happened?”
He saw one Beddune a male holding a spear step forwards followed by the male speaking “I want to report that two Amula in gonoid forms ran into camp going into a hut and refused our efforts to get them out by their behavior of acting sick and scared. The Guardian reports that a storm arrived during the night and the two Amula came out of the hut changing into manoid forms that hit the ground jerking like they were sick. Rattlers and Stinger gonoids were seen stinging and biting them followed by two plant people arriving along with their leader. You were seen coming out of your hut looking like you were having a rage episode followed by Rosa and yourself attacked the plant people tearing them to pieces completely destroying them. Their leader was put in the stocks and locked in it by you then you and Rosa were seen hitting the ground acting sick like the Amula. Rattlers and Stingers were seen stinging and biting the both of you followed by you both and Amula having some expelling sickness. The expelling sickness was through the mouth and below the waist at two ends.”
He frown hearing that as the male paused then continued speaking “Merra told us when asked by us that the plant people are dying off reaching the end of their species’ life span going extinct and that their leader is aware of it is desperate to continue the plant race hence ordering them to infect people. She added that they have attacked the Amula camp and infected many of them but has said that Rattlers and Stingers stung and bit the infected ones curing them of the plant infection and the stormy weather conditions gave death to the remaining plant people there leaving two of them which you destroyed.”
He stared at the male who cut his talk when he heard a throat clearing noise and looked at his right to see a female Beddune had stepped forwards speaking in Ida’s voice “Rosa appears to be carrying offspring.” 
He looked away jerking his head towards Rosa lying besides him to stare at her abdomen which he could see a mound was in its place. 
He frowned as he again heard Ida spoke “There’s one other thing, Mason. Your sickness and being cured from it left something usual which I think you should know about it judging by you acting like you’re not aware of it.”
He whipped his head back towards Ida who pointed a finger gesturing towards the top of her head. He slowly reached with a hand and felt the top of his head and stiffened when he felt something familiar and not Beddune material on it. He ran his fingers through the material struggling to figure out why it felt familiar which fell on his shoulders which he took a strand and pulled it towards his eyes to peer at it. He saw black smooth like material that felt feathery to the touch and easily manipulated by his fingers and frowned with confusion staring at it. 
He spoke out loud “I’m not sure I remember what this is for it seems like I know it some where.”
He heard Ida speak “Alisher has the same thing on his head but it got streaks of night through it.”
He stiffened as it dawned to him what the thing he was holding was and thought to himself mentally “Its hair.”
He spoke out loud “Oh now I remember what it is.” 
Mason gets ordered by Ida to go inside a hut while mentioning that the Beddune have examined Rosa and sensed that she’s carrying an egg with offspring inside which they suspect they would have to cut out of her. Ida adds that they don’t have anything to help Rosa with the pain which they think she’ll wake up screaming in pain from them taking the egg out and includes that Mason might get a rage episode and interfere with them hence Beddune insisting that Mason go inside a hut and stay inside till their finished with their work. Mason groans loudly stands up which one of the male Beddune gestures with a head towards a direction which he looks to see the Highlander lying on the ground nearby with weird look on his face he thinks is related to mating and lying next to him fondling him is a female Shadonian wearing gonoid skin clothing which he recognizes her as the Amula pack leader from his vision he had. He looks at the male with a questioningly look in his eyes while gesturing with his head towards the pair. The male speaks that the pair are both reeking of mating scents which Merra told them that they have been paired together as mates to each other and will mate regardless of having an audience. Mason exhales a breath rubs a hand through his hair and walks to his hut going inside. He sits down crossed legged facing the entrance and is a little confused when a male Beddune comes into the hut to sit crossed legged next to him. The male explains that he’s here to act as Mason’s ears listening to them working on Rosa and report what they tell him to tell Mason. Mason frowns hearing that but rubs hands through his hair to feel it which he feels and senses it’s exactly the same hairstyle and length he had when he went around as a Human before becoming Beddune. He lowers his hands to stare at the male who speaks that their cutting Rosa. He frowns hearing nothing outside the hut as the male ads that they have managed to open her up and is in process of taking out the egg and the organ that carries it because Merra told them to examine the organ for she sensed a problem with it from reading Rosa’s mind. Male pauses then continues to speak that the organ smells wrong like death to them and their not putting it back in Rosa and is in process of taking the egg out of it. He frowns as the male pauses for a bit before speaking that the egg is out and Merra said to them to leave the offspring inside the egg and leave it intact and get the egg to the Drainers for it’s a Drainer egg and the Drainers have the means to take care of it before the offspring inside will come out by itself.  Mason exhales a breath as the male continues to speak that two Beddune one carrying the egg and the other escorting him have left to the Drainer castle and their closing Rosa up with stitching the opening they made. He eyes the male who pauses for a long time with head cocked then speaks telling him to wait here for he has to come out and help them get Rosa inside the hut that is apparently still in pain and is reacting very badly to it as in hitting Beddune while appearing to have a Mason like rage episode. He stands up as the male stands and watches as the male walks out. He stands with arms folded and hears Merra’s voice in his mind ordering him to get out of the hut to Rosa and according to Rosa’s mind is having a case of Mason like rage episode which was triggered by them taking the egg out and mentions that she’ll have rage episodes exactly like Mason’s rage episodes from time to time. Mason walks out to look and sees Rosa acting gonoid like from crouching on the ground with hands in fists waving towards any of the male Beddune that come near her.  He groans a soft sound and walks towards Rosa going up to her who he sees has all black eyes and he manages to get his hands on her arms lifting her up to a standing position as she growls at him loudly in gonoid like sounds while jerking in his grip. He hauls her still struggling in his grip to his hut and inside which he forces her to lie on her back with him on top of her restraining her with his body and brings his hands to underneath her back freeing her arms. He hugs Rosa in a tight grip as she squirms underneath him while still growling with her arms waving. He speaks “Rosa, its Mason” repeatedly and then as a last resort kisses her on the lips while feeling her trying to bite his lips with her teeth. He stops kissing her as she stops trying to bite him and he kisses Rosa on the cheek then brings his head next to hers cheek touching cheek while tightening his hug grip around her. He hears Rosa stop growling and senses her back from the rage episode by her giving her crying sounds of pain with her form going still while breathing deeply. He hears her moan “Mason” in a pained voice tone and her continuing to cry tears. He continues to hug Rosa who rubs her hands through his hair and on his head in jerking motions while sensing her calming down from her rage episode.  He raises his head up to stare at her who he sees has pain in her eyes and looking upset which he gently kisses her on the lips and then continues to stare at her as she rubs her hands in his hair on his head. He comforts her as she falls asleep and he senses his senses blare telling him its night time shuts his eyes falling asleep and wakes up in the morning to feel that Rosa is better from the operation which he kisses her awake. He sees that she isn’t in pain anymore which he hugs then sits up off of Rosa and he hears the summoning howl sounding twice speaks that he’s being summoned to go out the hut and he gets up with no protest from Rosa and leaves the hut to stare with shock seeing Mina wearing a gonoid skin dress with her blonde hair pulled back and a male besides her who is taller than her and wearing Beddune style pants with no top and has clawed hands and golden hair with golden Beddune like eyes and a Human appearance on his face and body. It takes a few moments for Mason to speak which he speaks in basic remembering the language “Mina, its Mason.” He stares at Mina who raises her eyes to stare at him and sees recognition and shock in her eyes as she stares at him. He frowns asking what he can do for her. She speaks “Alisher” with a sad pleading tone which he nods his head and speaks in Beddune requesting Alisher be brought to her. He feels anger arriving within him as he is abruptly hugged by Rosa walking in his line of sight hugging him as he gets a rage episode and finds himself standing in his hut facing Mina looking nervous with his arms folded. He speaks asking why she pitied him and demands to know the answer to that question. Mina, he stares at doesn’t say a word just looks at the ground with her eyes staring at it. Mason gets annoyed unfolds his arms to storm towards her and grabs her arms in a tight grip shaking her a bit while again asking his question which he sees she still won’t answer which he hears a male voice speaking unaware if its in his mind or hearing it by his ears ordering him to mate with Mina and force her to submit if she refuses. He releases his hold on her arms to grab her dress which her hands grab his arms and he sees a shocked expression on her face which he speaks that he expects an answer to his question period or else. Mina, he glares at looks at him in the eyes and still gripping his arms admits that she was raised to pity the outcast by people when she was growing up till she met Mason. She was told while on the Zeskaya asylum hospital an answer to her question about Mason who she saw walking in the hallway looking like he was very angry and out of it didn’t seem to see her when he walked by her that he was going to be put in a life tube where he would sleep living the rest of his life in it due to the doctors thinking Mason was too far gone mentally from the abuse he suffered and was going to do it to spare him of any further pain in his life. She adds that she saw them knock him out and put him in a room which she went to his room and sat next to the bed till he woke up and she held his hand and he looked at her with some awareness that told her he was aware of her and wasn’t too far gone in his mind like the doctors thought. She felt at that moment if someone didn’t take pity on Mason and help him he would be put in a tube when the time arrives so she referred him as her brother when the nurses talked about him to her while she telling them that he seemed to be aware of her mentally. She continues that she told the Zeskaya doctors this theory that Mason’s abuse started when he was young as a kid and has grown too used to it as his way of life and hasn’t thought of any other way of life or abuse ending hence him appearing to be far gone in his mind for its Mason being in shock that his abused ended and his reacting from being freed from the abuse destroying what all he knew of his life from being abused. Mason kept his mouth shut as Mina continues she got fed up with pitying Mason by what she heard about Mason did to four Asian teenagers killing them and she was forced by the Highlanders to stay with Mason as his sister which they got them both on a Shadonian warship for training and being on board the ship. Her fed up attitude wasn’t hidden for she complained it to the Shadonia who she heard discussed it in Basic which Mason found out and retaliated by raping her. She keeps talking that her pregnancy with Alisher was discovered after she fainted while in the lunch room when the ship was en route to Shadan after Mason left the ship and was said by Annukai there to be disposed permanently. The Shadonia made no secret of her expectant status and Mason being the father who she found out when she was further along in pregnancy which families of people who Mason killed found out and demanded the baby’s death as payment. She had the Highlanders’ help in hiding her till she gave birth to Alisher which she was transported to a gate and told to go through it while given a forest image which she went through it carrying Alisher. She arrived on the world later found out to be Terrania which she was thinking of going back to the gate when Merra interfered and insisted to her to stay in Terrania just to keep her alive which she was transported to a Human camp and she met her current mate Kurpanov the last member of his race called Surrai who had a son with his previous deceased mate another female Surrai who convinced her to stay with his father who she was told acted depressed and not interested in anything like he wanted to be dead till she arrived and his father started acting like he wanted to live and care about life. Mason let goes of Mina’s dress who let goes of his arms as she continues that she has already mated with Kurpanov and gave him a daughter a Surrai called Malaja as named by Merra herself which they didn’t mind the name. Mason gently puts hands on Mina’s arms who add that she’s here to check on Alisher and see if he’ll come with them to be raised for she was told by Merra the way the Amula raised him which has her upset and annoyed with the Amula’s attitude towards him which she was hoping to fix the problem. Mason gently rubs Mina’s arms that pauses then become silent which he sees her eyes look down looking at him wearing Beddune clothing while feeling her hand on his arm gently feeling the sleeve. He doesn’t say a word but gently releases his hold on Mina’s arms to hug her whom she doesn’t protest to the hug and then he lets go of her to gently rub a hand on her cheek before speaking that she can have Alisher if the kid indicates that he wants his mother to raise him. He sees Mina nod her head as he gently takes her hand and he walks out of the hut pulling her out to see Rosa sitting on the ground crossed legged and Mina’s mate Kurpanov he assumes kneeling who opens his eyes to look at him with a frown on his face. He speaks in Beddune for Alisher to come to Mina who the kid is brought who shyly walks to his mother and hugs her while giving off giggling noises. He frowns as Mina hugs Alisher and then the kid lets go to run towards him which he is given a hug and he hugs back then the kid speaks “Bye Daddy”. He nods his head as the kid goes to his mother who takes his hand and he watches as Kurpanov takes the other kid’s hand and they walk out followed by two Beddune which he hears his guard tell him that Merra insisted that two Beddune escort them out to a gate just to keep them from getting in trouble. He nods his head in understanding then sits crossed legged to spy Rosa doing sewing and he hears her speak “Knitting” which confuses him. He stares at her with confusion as she holds up the sewing sticks towards him while him looking at her and speaks again “knitting”. He nods his head of understanding that she’s calling the sewing knitting then looks away to watch the Beddune go about their business in the camp. He hears a Drainer howling sound orders Rosa into hut who obeys and he stands up with arms folded eyes on an area between huts as females around the camp scurry into huts. He waits as Aiden and Jimo arrive following a Beddune. Aiden is a little rude growling angrily which Jimo speaking in foreign language gets him to calm down folding his arms. Jimo speaks that the Drainers are hungry and are running out of food supplements and they need gonoids called Cows to keep their supply fresh. He frowns as Jimo adds that he was told that while the Drainers were knocked out two Human slaves walked out of the castle and freed the cows who went into the forest and so did the Human slaves who hasn’t bothered to come back to check on the Drainers and haven’t sent their descendants to do the same either. He frowns as Jimo continues that they have asked Merra for an explanation on why the Human slaves never checked on them. She has told them that the globe prevented her from scanning for minds in the globe area and once globe gone scanned the minds there but can’t find any mention of the Human slaves in the minds found. Mason hears a shriek sound looks around behind him to see Rosa dart out of the hut with fear in her eyes that darts towards him grabbing him in a hug which he puts his arms around her. He notices Aiden has his head cocked with mouth gaping then formed a frown line while hearing a twig snapping sound. He sees Beddune around fall to the ground as Aiden holds up two pieces of branch in his hand to toss them aside before yanking off his hat and throwing it at Mason aiming for his head which Mason sees as the last sight before he goes unconscious. Mason wakes up lying in his hut with senses blaring and there’s a storm raging outside with the hut entrance flap flopping back up and down. He peers outside to see it’s raining hard with thunder and lightening and spies three gonoids in the vicinity that appear to be Human sized wolverines which he sees two are circling each other and one is sitting watching them. He figures that it’s not safe for him to go out with the wolverines fighting and the rain falling would make him sick. He adjusts the entrance blanket to keep it from flopping up and down then sits feeling a little annoyed with himself for not taking Rosa back into the hut after she came screaming out of it. He feels angry to sit cross legged with hands fisted going up and down while breathing hard through his mouth. He gets more angry and angrier about the Drainers kidnapping Rosa who is missing. He gets full blown angry to almost get a rage episode but is stopped by a headache hitting him followed by sleepiness that persists to cause him to lie down and shut his eyes falling asleep. Mason wakes up by the summoning howl sounding twice feels his mood foul gets up to storm out the hut to face with eyes narrowed a female Beddune standing who speaks in Ida’s voice that she recommends that the Beddune break the alliance with the Skyan Drainers by no longer seeing them as their allies but an enemy because of their intolerable behavior towards the Beddune and kidnapping Mason’s female has ended that toleration. He folds his arms fisting his hands as a Drainer’s howl was heard sounding loudly which he sees females darting into huts with Ida darting past him going into his hut as he spots two Beddune armed with stick weapons dart up into the trees making the noise makers rattle very loudly which he sits crossed legged and bows his head shutting his eyes astral projects himself out of his body towards the Drainer meeting spot to see Jimo there with Rosa which he watches as one Beddune jumps down behind them speaking with annoyance in his voice “Thank you for returning what was sacred.” He sees Jimo turn around as surprised and hears the Drainer speak “I’m sorry about the Drainers behavior towards you and your kind.” He is interrupted by the male speaking in a rude tone “Do not come again for help for we will not give it. Solve your own problems yourself Drainer and tell your King that. The Beddune no longer view Drainers as their allies but their enemy. Get out of here Drainer.” He watches as Jimo protests sputtering which another Beddune arrive as the speaking Beddune continues to speak “Get out now!” in an angry tone. He watches as Jimo walks away through the bushes and sees a globe in the tree tops flying away as the two male Beddune escort Rosa on the path from the meeting spot. Mason opens his eyes and stands up watching a spot between huts to see Rosa come into view with a frown look in her eyes and keeps his eyes on her as she goes up to him which he wraps his arms around her in a hug while feeling her stiff. He hears a male Beddune howl a loud sound and sees females come out of huts and sees Ida walk out of his hut to stand facing him. He speaks “Ida, tell Rosa what the Drainers did before she arrived here.” He listens as Ida details the Beddune having very powerful hearing and that a snapping twig can bring them down which Aiden discovered that when having an argument between them and the Drainer before Mason became their leader. He listens feeling Rosa stop becoming stiff as Ida continues to speak that on two visits Aiden and Jimo came by unannounced with Aiden breaking a twig in their presence on both visits. In one visit they kidnapped Mason to the castle which he was returned and that Aiden after the first visit was told by Mason to tell the Drainers that if they wanted something from the Beddune they were to ask first and do it by announcing their presence and get Beddune to talk to them. Instead of listening Aiden and Jimo came by on their second visit unannounced and with a twig knocked the Beddune out and insisted that Mason come with them to the castle. Two Beddune came to the castle to confront the Drainer King who there gave the Beddune the excuse of there being an internal dispute among Drainers and mentioned that it was the second time they were given the ask request from a leader of a race. He feels Rosa stop being stiff and feels her hands on his chest as Ida continued to speak that the Beddune have a sacred law that says they can’t harm a female Beddune with physical force but can force her into mating. The sacred law is religiously followed by every Beddune male or female and that the Drainers kidnapping Rosa being Mason’s mate has them angry enough to declare the Drainers their enemy for this behavior towards female Beddune by the Drainers isn’t tolerated and their toleration of the Drainers doing behavior that isn’t wanted has come to an end and they will no longer have an alliance with the Drainers period. Mason looks at Rosa who looks at him with an annoyed look in her eyes. He releases his hold around her to speak “Rosa out with it. Tell me what the Drainers said to you.” He stares at her as she speaks that while she was out Merra had a conversation with her with Merra doing most of the talking which was mostly rants. He frowns as Rosa keeps talking that Merra ranted to her that the Drainers aren’t getting message signals from other races on doing what they expect Drainers to do towards them and the Drainers seem to have a me, me attitude with an who cares about them attitude towards other races a trait passed among Drainers raised by Drainers from parent to offspring. He frowns as Rosa continues that the Drainers elsewhere not raised by Drainers but by other races don’t have the castle Drainers’ attitude and are aware of the castle Drainers’ attitude by Merra warning them about them are not happy with the castle Drainers attitude that they don’t want anything to do with them. He frowns showing it in his eyes as Rosa continues to speak that the Drainer King and his Queen along with drainer named Jimo don’t have the attitude and are struggling to get the castle Drainers to change their attitudes.  The King and Queen has gotten rebelled from the Drainers who are viewing the King and Queen as figureheads instead of as leaders who show them the way a view that is very strong held hence they seeing Torrin as their leader. Rosa continues to speak that Merra ranted that most of the Drainers had an internal dispute with Torrin seeing the King and Queen as leaders worth complaining problems to which the other Drainers weren’t doing that. The dispute has been solved but the Drainers are still seeing Torrin as their leader who hasn’t fully grasped that the Drainers are viewing him that way. Merra had alerted the Drainer King and Queen of the Drainers viewing Torrin as their leader warning them that the view was strong held among the Drainers along with Torrin not grasping that fact to figure out that their viewing him that way.  He hears Rosa give off the sleep sound before quitting talking which he hauls her into the hut and forces her to lie down with his form on top of her despite her protests. He comments that she gave off the Beddune sleep sound which he mimics and expects her to sleep. He frowns as she speaks that she got the impression from Jimo after the Beddune told him off that he won’t talk about their words to the other Drainers and will probably keep his mouth shut about it. He doesn’t comment frowns about that as Rosa he stares at goes to sleep. He stares at Rosa and hears Merra’s voice in his mind while feeling a headache that Rosa is right about Jimo’s attitude towards the Beddune who prefers to keep an alliance between Beddune and Drainers due to thinking that the Beddune will be helpful in getting the Drainers to stop their me, me attitude. He frowns asking Merra what’s with the headache he’s getting from her talking to him. He hears a groan noise and hears her say that the headache is his body telling him that his mind is being scanned which was from the Highlander trying to wipe his memories clean which she prevented him from doing and caused the headache as a side effect. He feels the headache stop figures that Merra has stopped talking. He stares at Rosa sleeping to feel sleepiness makes himself comfortable on Rosa to sleep passing out unconscious. He comes to hear the summoning howl which he gets up from Rosa still sleeping walks out to see it’s a new day and told by the guard that two Drainers Aiden and Jimo had arrived with Jimo telling Aiden in Beddune language appearing to be angry about something to stay at the meeting spot and calm down which Jimo is on his way to here. He folds his arms to stare at a spot between huts as Jimo walks into view with a frown on his lips. He eyes the Drainer reaching him speaks that the Drainers have a me, me attitude and are viewing another Drainer named Torrin as their leader who has grasped that but Torrin has insisted to the Drainers to use the King and Queen for solving problems while insisting that he’s not doing the job. Mason frowns as Jimo continues to speak that the Drainers are a somewhat angry that the Beddune didn’t come check on them while they were knocked out by the globe and are thinking that the Beddune’s internal dispute is an excuse hence they feeling that way. He hears a twig snapping sound looks to see Beddune hit the ground and sees Aiden standing between huts which Jimo berates with anger in his tone to stop the unannounced visits for the Beddune are getting tired of this. He feels angry to eye Aiden that throws his hat at him which he catches and tosses to the ground as he gets a rage episode comes to find himself standing with arms folded and Aiden is on the ground unconscious. He sees Jimo standing meters away on his left looking like he has pain by his lips. He feels a little angry takes a step towards Jimo as a male Beddune arrives telling him to go to Rosa who is sounding in distress in the hut. He goes to the hut and gets a rage episode to come to find himself lying on the hut floor with Rosa mating with him while feeling himself calmer. He mates with Rosa then rolls them over and hears her give out a pained gasp which he pulls out and keeps himself on top of her while staring at her with a frown in his eyes. He sees Rosa looking upset speaks that she got nervous in the hut started knitting and didn’t pay attention to anything else and discovered a rattler gonoid sitting curled up in her lap which Mason came into the hut with a rage episode running through him grabbed the gonoid by the head killing it by the sounds it made in his hand and the head looking flatter which he threw it out and fell to the ground lying on his back shaking visibly which Merra told her that he was reacting to killing the gonoid which was not what he wanted to do and insisted to her to mate with him which would get him out of the rage episode. Mason keeps his mouth shut as Rosa continues to speak that she’s still feeling pain from having the egg taken out and it hurt to mate with him which she didn’t mind doing the mating but can’t wait till the pain stops. He leans down and kisses her on the cheek and keeps his position while hearing the summoning howl sound. He gets up pulling Rosa with him and pulls her out of the hut figuring why that rattler gonoid was in his hut. He eyes a male Beddune standing out which he speaks asking about hearing a squeaker gonoid which the male confirms and that he’ll take it out. He stands sideways hut on his right with Rosa hugging him as the male come out with part of the skirt up while hearing squeaking noises and sees the male is holding a full grown squeaker by the tail. He comments asking why the squeaker keeps nesting in his hut bringing the rattler to enter the hut and wants to know what can be done to keep the squeaker out along with keeping the rattler out.  He eyes the male who speaks the word hunter and mentions words of taking the gonoids off of him while putting them in the forest for him while he’ll examine the hut. He waits as a male Beddune arrives taking the squeaker gonoid and babies and walks off as the first male goes back into the hut which he frowns wondering what the male will find. Mason keeps his eyes on the hut entrance blanket to hear his guard comment that the male Beddune called Keeper found a squeaker sized hole in the hut in the wall near the ground along with another part of the hut looking like a nest from finding grass stuff piled there for squeakers to give birth to offspring from the looks of it. He frowns as his guard continues to speak that Keeper has removed the grass and will toss it out while Hut Caretaker will find something to block the hole. He keeps his mouth shut as the male Beddune he assumes is named Keeper comes out holding grasses in his hands and walks around the hut with them disappearing out of sight as another male Beddune arrives which Keeper he sees returns and identifies the male by the names of Hut Caretaker and saying where he found the hole which he goes inside the hut followed by Hut Caretaker. He keeps his mouth shut as he hears his guard speak that Keeper has shown Hut Caretaker where the hole is who commented that the hut needs some work done due to the hut looking like it split apart to form the hole. He hears guard add that Keeper has asked Hut Caretaker to give the hut a very through check to prevent further holes from forming who has agreed to do it and is currently doing it with Keeper’s input on whether gonoids despite their size can get inside by any way they can. Mason hears Rosa groan with her hands on his back face on his shoulder and feels her grip on him get a little tighter which he rubs her back with a hand feeling her struggling to relax from holding him and his hand on her back rubbing. He eyes the hut entrance to see both Keeper and Hut Caretaker come walking out one of them grumbling that the hut area touching the ground is poorly made and the hut looking like it was made without a care and suspects it’s the same with the other huts judging by them keeping on getting squeakers and rattlers inside them. Mason asks who made the huts which his guard tells him that the Amula are said to make the huts for Beddune to live in after creating the Beddune themselves. He feels annoyed as his guard continues that Hut Caretaker earned his name after living among the Amula learning to care for their huts with their input till they kicked him out as in drugging him asleep and dumping his body where he woke up on a raft in a river that landed on land where he had to use his wits to survive on land till Hunter found him and brought him to the camp. Mason gives off a growl sound very loudly which he hears his guard ask him what’s the matter which he replies asking how well cared were the huts the Amula had. He frowns as Hut Caretaker replies that the huts were similar as the Beddune’s huts which he pointed out their flaws and got them to kick him out of their camp. He frown hearing that as he speaks that the Amula probably spent most of their time living as gonoids with manoid forms used for some other purposes such as contact with the Beddune and other races. He hears Hut Caretaker speak that Mason’s words are what he suspected among the Amula when he lived among them and discovered that they used the huts for mating in manoid forms and for shelter against the bad weather elements while spending part of their lives as gonoids. Mason hears a howling sound which he recognizes as the Amula howling sound orders Beddune to go about their business in camp and keep their mouth shut about the huts. He pulls Rosa inside the hut then stands hugging her while feeling her hug him. He asks her if she has problems being in enclosed spaces like the hut which Rosa doesn’t answer just hugs him with her head on his shoulder while hearing her give off crying sounds. He hugs her and hears the summoning howl sound finds that Rosa’s grip is tight and she is very clingy to him despite him removing her off of him. Mason pulls her out of the hut to face the Amula about two males and a female with two wolves which he stands facing them while having Rosa hugging him. He frowns as the female speaks asking where Adria went while adding that the female he’s holding isn’t her. He hears his guard speak that a died off race of tree plant people attacked their camp which Mason destroyed and the tree plant people got River sick which she later died and the female Mason is holding is a female version of Mason himself who came to their camp from Merra Kid escorted by one of them.  He frowns as the female Amula growls a growl and hears one of the wolves sound a growl then he hears the female request him to show Rosa to them which he gently moves himself sideways and moves her face to face the Amula. He senses that she’s nervous by her form shaking a bit but obeys to his manipulating to show her face to the Amula who seem to be a little bewildered seeing her. Mason stops the manipulating as Rosa again puts her face on his shoulder while feeling her still clinging to him. He eyes the Amula female who asks for her name which he speaks the name Rosa and hears the female speak that she smells familiar reminding them of a female human expecting babies and her mate with odd color skin who they led those two to a gate and told them to go through it to travel elsewhere which the two did. He gently coaxes Rosa to talk to the Amula by speaking that he wants to know why their saying that. He listens as Rosa removes her face off his shoulder to face the Amula speaking that the two Humans they referred to were slaves of the Drainers and she’s a descendant of them who traveled to another world where her mother and brother were born.  That she came to exist then once grown began suffering from great rages of anger that resulted in her killing people and she met some people who told her to go through a gate in order to stay alive from people trying to retaliate against her for killing people. She traveled to this world and wound up in the forest alone till she came upon a plant called Merra Kid and went inside as if manipulated becoming Beddune. After her change she was told to stay inside to sleep and she stayed asleep unknowingly of the time till she was waken up and told to leave which she left and a Beddune found her wandering around and brought her to the camp where she met Mason and became his mate. He hears her become silent as he again feels her face on his shoulder sensing she’s still nervous. He frowns wondering what’s up with her nervousness as he eyes the female Amula who frowns then speaks that Adria’s death isn’t a lie for they came upon an area near the Beddune camp that reeked of four things death, Adria, tree plant people and some suspicious scent that reeks of Mason himself that told them that Adria got infected and was killed off by Mason himself judging by the evidence in the area. Mason feels confused hearing that as he gets a memory of himself attacking a tree plant person at night time and tearing it to pieces destroying the person in the process that has no defense against him doing it and keeps on tearing it apart till there’s small pieces of it that are too small to be torn apart scattered on the ground. He feels like he doesn’t know what the time frame is to do that realizes that it’s a memory of when he traveled to the stone rock at night time after losing River to the plant people where he got a rage episode which resulted in him destroying River herself and he came to find himself kneeling on the stone rock sensing River had passed away. He doesn’t comment that as the female Amula speaks that they’ll be back and then he watches them leave.   He feels himself hungry requests food and drink while peeling off Rosa off of him to put her on the ground which he sits next to her and patiently waits as food and drink are brought to him by a female Beddune which he eats and drinks a lot of it but leaves a good amount for Rosa to eat and drink which he sees her eat and drink then hands the female the bowls. He senses Rosa is still nervous by her hands clasping and unclasping repeatedly with her eyes staring at the ground. He gets up and forces her up while feeling wooziness and hauls her into the hut then forces her to lie down which he lies down cuddling her and feels his wooziness become stronger which he shuts his eyes losing sensation of everything around him and his body while passing out unconscious. 

He comes to hear the summoning howl gets up with Rosa still clingy to him and takes her out to spot the familiar Amula is there with the female looking furiously angry. He frowns as the female accuses him of killing Adria which he finds himself confused about that as Rosa clings to him. He doesn’t say a word hears his guard speak that River was sick with a plant infection and dying from it in pain which she was put down to stop her suffering. He frowns wondering what’s going on as the female Amula makes a growl noise and he feels Rosa become limp in his arms as he catches her feels a knife handle sticking in her back in the left side becomes angry as other Beddune come forwards attacking the Amula who easy knocks them out which he places Rosa unconscious into the hut down on the ground then darts out to attacks the Amula who retaliate by knifing him in the chest knocking him down which he feels himself knocked out. He comes to feel a hand shaking his arm which he looks to see a female Beddune standing next to him speaking in Ida’s voice urging him to get up and put the males in huts because of some storm coming and that they can’t survive being out in the rain. He obeys putting them in huts as Ida goes to the female hut. He hears her say that they have Rosa there with them after he finishes the job. He goes into the hut to see Rosa gone and Ida isn’t kidding about what she said. He feels himself exhausted falls towards the ground to lie on his stomach and goes unconscious. He comes to feel his arms tied behind him wrapped around a tree while in a sitting position and feeling a bowl touching his lips and a male Amula like voice ordering him to drink which he does finding its milk which he gulps down and goes unconscious after that. He wakes up screaming in pain as he senses Rosa has passed away hence his body’s pain which he breaks the ropes and curls into a ball still screaming till a foot connects with his head repeatedly over and over knocking him out unconscious. He comes to discover he’s lying on a raft floating in a river and feels himself deadness hitting him. He crawls to the edge of the raft to stare at the water which he sees Rosa’s face staring back at him and her eyes look like they have worry in them which he feels confused about but crawls off the raft into the water feeling himself going underwater and drowning which he allows himself to sink down it gagging on the water while feeling liquid coming up from his mouth and senses he’s throwing it up repeatedly over and over as he senses himself is kneeling on the ground with hands on his back and hands touching his arms as the scene of darkness underwater changes to show the ground in Beddune camp comes to his eyes and he feels himself still throwing up continues to do it while coughing out liquid. He feels himself stop feels an urge forces himself to stand while pulling up the front of his skirt while feeling the hands still holding him and he rolls his eyes releasing the toxins within him and once done drops his skirt to feel his knees weak which he drops to the ground kneeling while feeling the hands still holding him. He gasps for breath panting hard shutting his eyes and feels the hands on his arms force him up to force him to walk which he walks and finds himself walked till he is forced into a hut from the feeling around him and placed onto the furry ground on his back which he feels a female body he senses is Rosa lie her form sideways on top of him while having a hand touching his cheek which he allows himself to pass out unconscious.   

Mason came to feel himself lying in the hut on the ground with his head on a lap that felt like Rosa. Mason comes to feel himself still lying in the hut on the furry ground with his head on someone’s lap while feeling a hand rubbing his forehead which he jerks open his eyes to stare at the lap’s owner is Rosa who eyes him by putting a finger to her lips. He sits up feeling himself much better as Rosa gets onto his lap and hugs him tightly. He frowns as she speaks sounding distracted that an Amula male with fondness towards some female named River ordered a male Beddune to put some potion in the drink Mason drank just to teach him a lesson about not being able to protect River from harm that died from Mason’s hands while as a manoid plant. He frowns hearing Rosa’s words as she continues using the distracted tone that the male Amula dubbed Gorge is still around in the Beddune camp furiously insisting that Mason be punished harshly which the Beddune have balked doing it is that they explained to Gorge is Mason is their leader and that the Beddune went through a lot of trouble trying to get Mason to lead them. He continues to frown as Rosa continues to speak that Gorge is furious with the Beddune’s attitude towards Mason and has been attacking Beddune using his fists on them who don’t fight back from being hit due to them balking his orders to punish Mason harshly as in being whipped on the back with a spear. The Beddune according to Rosa keep telling Gorge that they don’t want to suffer pain from Mason retaliating against them for the whipping and adds that the pain Mason will give them would be worse than the fisting Gorge is doing to them. The Beddune tells Gorge that Mason gave them terrible pain when River was discovered to be the Amula female that knifed a previous leader to death for he saw River as his mate and didn’t want any of the Beddune to harm her in retaliation against what she did to the Beddune who didn’t listen to Mason which River wound up whipped repeatedly. Mason got furiously angry targeted the Beddune horribly for the whipping as in fisting them with his fists that made them sick with pains for days which Mason’s fisting is even worse than the fisting Gorge is doing to them and they don’t want to have Mason do what he did to them again. He frowns as Rosa pauses to stroke his cheeks while she staring at him with some frown look in her eyes. He stares at Rosa who continues to speak that Gorge isn’t buying the Beddune’s explanation about Mason and has been furious with them while insisting that Mason be whipped period and has insisted that punishment be carried out when Mason wakes up. He hears the summoning howl sounding twice frowns as Rosa gets off his lap and goes to the blanket covering the entrance to pull part of it back and speaks a what do you want comment in a rude tone. He frowns as he sees Rosa look back at him sounding angry that Gorge figured out that Mason woke up and insisted that he come out. Mason gets up feeling himself some weakness feeling shrugs it off to walk out of the hut passed Rosa who he senses doesn’t follow him out. He sees standing nearby with arms folded is a male human with black hair wearing gonoid skin clothing and looking angry by the male’s expression on his face. He frowns as the male speaks that he ordered the Beddune to whip Mason once he wakes up and insists that it happens now. He hears his Beddune guard speak in sarcasm that he’s not doing the whipping period and would rather have someone else take the job. He sees the guard thrust out his spear while adding that Gorge should take the spear and see who’ll do the whipping job for he’s not doing it. Mason sees Gorge look annoyed speaks that Beddune are doing the whipping job period and he insists that Guard take the job with other Beddune to restrain Mason. He hears a growling sound from his guard who turns to him and tells him to go in the middle of camp and kneel which he does finding himself surrounded by Beddune as two grab his arms one on each side holding them forwards. Mason sees Gorge step to stand in front of him with a glare on the Amula’s face and amused expression in his eyes. Mason figures that Gorge had an ulterior motive to having him whipped by the Amula’s expression in his eyes that tells him there’s something else going on. He studies Gorge’s Human eyes and see that they looked green colored realizes with a start that the plant people had identical colored eyes and studies Gorge some more to notice that the Amula’s hair is nearly stringy like looking figures that the male is plant infected and doesn’t get a chance to voice that as the spear hits him in the back repeatedly. Mason doesn’t react from the whipping by the spear on his back as he gets himself furiously angry from the pain hitting him there and then gets a rage episode. 

Mason comes to find himself standing while having a female body hugging him he senses is Rosa and he’s still outside the hut in the middle of the Beddune camp with Beddune gathered around him in his eyes sight looking like their staring at him with shock expressions in their eyes. He frowns wondering what’s going on to voice it in a confused voice and gets Rosa speaking that Mason got a rage episode got out of the Beddune’s grips and attacked Gorge with his fists violently enough to get the Amula sick enough to throw up repeatedly which the male was throwing up green stuff that looked like chewed up plants from the looks of it. He frowns as Rosa continues to speak that the Beddune figured out from examining Gorge that he was sick as in partially plant infected from eating parts of the plant people from what he threw up repeatedly and acting like he was very sick with some stomach ailment. He exhales a breath as Rosa continues to speak that the Beddune also figured out that Gorge was sick with a terrible stomach ailment which he ate the wrong kind of plant to settle his stomach and got himself sick with a plant infection hence his behavior around the Beddune camp and towards Mason himself.   He frowns hearing that as Rosa stops talking. He gets ordered to go into the hut by Guard insisting on that saying he should be resting from the whipping which he obeys to lay his form down and sleeps waking up till night time to feel a stinging pain in his side which he feels with his hands to feel a needle like object sticking in it and gets a memory of his fight with Gorge realizing that Gorge stuck the needle in his side from one of his fingers due to being plant infected which he gets up and walks out to find Gorge lying on the ground appearing to be groaning loudly which he speaks saying that Gorge stun him and gestures to the needle dart and gets hysterical laughter from Gorge. He hears a loud female voice Amula tones saying words kill him which he looks at his right to see two Amula males and a female Amula and hears Gorge put them off saying a don’t bother comment which he watches as Gorge gets up and sticks his finger on his side right where the needle is and he feels stabbing pain in his chest as the needle is yanked out and hears Gorge say that he stun Beddune leader. Mason feels the stabbing pain get too much falls to the ground to lie on it and feels a stinging pain in his arm while sensing it lying on a hole along with a stinging pain on his ankle while hearing a faint rattle sound of a rattlesnake. He senses he’s given something to counterattack the plant infection with effort moves his arm off the hole and shuts his eyes to hear the female Amula speak the words kill her which he yells no very loudly then passes out unconscious. 

Mason comes to find himself still lying on the ground but the view is different along with it daylight and peering over him are four Amula the same as before which he sees that they all appear to be plant infected by their hair and green eyes. Mason feels himself angry throws himself up in an acrobatic move to stand and witness the three males form a wall in front of the female while thrusting out knives from their sleeves into their hands. He takes a menacing step forwar
ing like she doesn’t want it while struggling against the bounds. He hears her add that Merra told her to wake him up for that gonoid to get into the female right away which would change her attitude towards the Beddune. He gets up as she gets up which he leans forwards and kisses her on the lips then leaves the hut walking out to see male Beddune gathered around nearby while females are hidden in huts he assumed. He goes to the stocks to see it’s like Rosa said a wolf is there free while the female Amula is struggling against the stocks speaking gibberish aimed at the wolf. He goes to the female Amula and brings a fist in her face knocking her out unconscious. He bents the metal bars back in place and hauls the female out putting her on the ground then watches as the wolf goes to her and sits on her seeing the familiar scene as before which he goes to the tied up wolves that aren’t struggling but seem to witness the scene which he frees them then backs up going to the Beddune to see the Amula males head towards the female to nose her and speaks out loud ordering them to change form instead of being gonoid. He doesn’t comment as the males obey changing into sad Human males who examine the female Amula who shift form into a Human and appears to be more interested in sleeping by curled up in a ball. He hears foreign language spoken by one male who lifts the female up and carries her over his shoulder as he stands up. He watches as the Amula walk away from him going pass a hut going out of sight without a word. He hears a Beddune howl noise sounding to him all clear words. He goes to his hut to see Rosa standing outside looking at him which he goes to her staring at her as she speaks that he better take in nourishment due to sleeping so long in his hut with her there. He sees the look in her eyes that tells him that she’s hungry but isn’t going to admit it due to its not the Beddune way for females to admit hunger. He sits down and orders loudly for food and drink for both he and his female as he senses Rosa sat down next to him. He finds his order obeyed as he’s given bowls and sees Rosa handed the same which he finds himself needing to eat eats the food and drinks the milk till there’s nothing left which he hands back the female Beddune the bowls as he sees Rosa do the same. He sits in front of the hut watching Beddune go around their business around the camp till it’s nearly sun setting and ordered to go inside his hut by Guard saying that the time the Beddune are asleep is nearly coming. He doesn’t comment goes inside his hut with Rosa following and once inside proceeds to mate with her again finding no interruption and nothing bothering the both of them while doing the mating and not willing to separate from her after once done. He shuts his eyes and allows himself to sleep as he senses Rosa not protesting to the sleeping on top of her thing and senses she’s fallen asleep but hugging him tightly which he allows himself to pass out unconscious and comes to feeling Rosa patting his back which he jerks open his eyes to stare at her as she speaks verbalizing that she missed him terribly as he feels senses blare telling him its night time. He speaks echoing her comment and feels hard again mates with her and stays inside her as he falls asleep with senses still blaring while sensing Rosa not concerned from it but senses that she can hear the sleeping Beddune talking by her giving off a Shh sound for Beddune quiet. He doesn’t comment shuts his eyes and falls asleep on top of her as he senses her doing the same. He wakes up feeling Rosa patting him urgently while having some worried look in her eyes when he looks at her. He gets a silent communication from her while sensing his senses blaring telling him that the Amula have returned and they appear to be hunting for the female’s hand weapons on the ground from the males in gonoid form nose to the ground around the camp. Mason mentally tells Rosa that he has a way of seeing out of the hut without using his own body and requests her to not touch him while he’s doing it which he pulls out of her then sits crossed legged to bow his head shutting his eyes. He sees a view of standing in front of his hut to see the female Amula is standing in the middle looking annoyed while he sees three wolves are gathered around an area noses on the grass ground going back and forth which he watches as one makes a growling noise and looks up at the female Amula who goes to it picking up knives then with a hand gesture flicks them back into her sleeves of her long sleeve gonoid skin shirt. His eyes notice movement off his right to see an Anaconda snake heading towards his hut which he watches as the snake reaches the entrance to curl into a ball with head on top and sits waiting unnoticed by the Amula. He shifts eyes towards the female Amula who gives off loud foreign language followed by the scene going black which he finds himself back in his body with Rosa sitting in his lap clinging to him and senses that she’s freaked out again. He figures that he can peer out through the side of the blanket to watch the scene which he adjusts himself and Rosa to stand while keeping her clinging to him which he walks to the blanket entrance to lean forwards and adjusts it till he has an eye peering through it to see the Amula are gathered around in his eyes sight and the males are Human like who appear to be talking to the female in foreign language. He hears the tone and voices that tells him it sounds like their arguing about something males opposed to what the female is ordering them. He frowns as the female cuts the arguing by walking away going to a hut which her walk is halted when near it by stepping back then turns around heading towards his hut to see her thrust out her knives which he watches as the anaconda thrust itself forwards head level to the female’s head level revealing itself to her while opening its mouth and giving off a hissing sound. He frowns as the female does the same reaction to the other hut as before takes a step back looking shocked which she walks off going to another hut and has the same step back reaction which he figures that the anacondas are at the huts’ entrances blocking her from entering them by threatening to bite her and showing themselves to her. He continues to watch as the female walks to the middle of the camp and hears a male Amula speak in foreign language sounding sarcastic by his voice tone which he eyes the female who thrust back her knives then stomp her foot before yelling loudly some screaming sound that makes him think its nonsense before speaking in foreign language in some calmer tone towards the male Amula something that makes him think that she wants to leave the camp by her gesturing in a direction with her hand. He sees her change into a wolf followed by walking out of view which he sees the males change into wolves and chase after the female by running towards her and go out of view. Mason speaks loudly a thank you comment then adjusts the blanket till its back in place then steps back to reassure Rosa who he senses is frustrated and no longer freaked out by her body sense he’s feeling from her. He frowns as she speaks sounding frustrated that her fear of enclosed spaces is annoying her due to that she keeps getting freaked out and is fed up with the freak outs and wants it to stop which she’s having a problem doing that due to being aware of what started the fear in the first place. He doesn’t comment gently eyes the blanket to see its moving which he goes to it to peer out and sees an anaconda tail racking it which he figures that they want something from him hence they helping. He adjusts Rosa to put her down on the furry ground and forces her eyes shut telling her to sleep which he sees she seems to be obeying his order which he gets up and walks out of the hut to stand looking around as an anaconda appears in his eyes sight appearing to have a huge pile of clear skin covering its head and it appears to want him to take it off for it. He doesn’t comment reaches forwards and with effort yanks the clear skin off the anaconda’s head entirely leaving a new skin in its place which he drops the skin onto the ground and waits patiently figuring out that there might be more anacondas with similar problem which he finds his hunch correct to discover another arrive in his eyes sight presenting its head towards him which he takes off the skin then a third arrive to present its tail having clear skin on it which he yanks it off then finds that his job is done by the anacondas slithering away out of his eyes sight and finds none are coming forwards for more skin tearing off. He exhales a breath to go inside the hut as he hears thunder noises figures that a storm is arriving which he goes inside the hut and secures the blanket to the hut walls then lies on his side next to Rosa lying on her back asleep which he puts an arm around her on her front then puts his forehead on the side of her head and figures that its male Beddune way of doing that to females when asleep from instincts telling him that. He shuts his eyes and falls asleep passing out unconscious.  He comes to feeling wind blowing at him jerks his eyes open to discover Rosa gone and the blanket is flapping which he darts out and kicks something to find Rosa lying on the ground appearing to be asleep from the looks of her and senses that she’s cold from her form curled in a ball which he lifts her up and carries her inside the hut then secures the blanket then figures that if he lies on top of her his body might make it harder for her to leave the hut which he does and keeps his head level with her head while putting hands on her back to hold her in a tight hug using his body heat to warm her up sensing she’s cold from the touch and senses that she’s warming up from his body on top of her. He adjusts himself to put his cheek on her cheek and shuts his eyes making himself fall asleep as he continues to hear a thunderstorm outside which he continues to sleep till he senses she’s awake by hearing her screaming and fists thumping him on the back while screaming in panic tones which he raises his head and stares at her in the eyes to find she’s appearing to not recognize him with her eyes showing to look like she’s having a rage episode but continues to scream while hitting him which makes him wonder if some gonoid poisoned her and she’s reacting from that. He does kisses to her cheek and stares at her while speaking her name repeatedly over and over while identifying himself and orders her to calm down till he senses she seems to be listening to him by fists stop hitting him along with her hands going to his cheeks rubbing the areas and she burst into tears. He kisses her on the lips as she kisses him back and watches her fall asleep which he lowers his head and shuts his eyes to fall asleep passing out unconscious. He comes to hearing the summoning howl to feel a hand patting him on the back which he wakes up to see he’s still lying on top of Rosa who looks relieved to see him and he senses that she’s better which he gets up and walks out of the hut to see two female Beddune are there holding bowls which he goes back into the hut and orders Rosa out who comes out and he and she sit and eat from the bowls then hands the females back the bowls then he feels tired gets up and walks into the hut followed by Rosa which he lies down and gestures for Rosa to do the same which she does and he lies his form on top of her holding her in a hug and shuts his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious.  He comes to hearing Rosa sobbing but senses that she thinks he’s out asleep which he keeps his form still and listens to her crying noises as he lies on top of her. He feels her hands rubbing his head along with his back and back of his neck while hearing her continue crying tears. He keeps his eyes shut and form still as Rosa cries lengthy then stops by putting hands on his back and senses her still awake by her fidgeting underneath him and her cheek rubbing his cheek as he keeps his eyes shut. He refrains from sighing out loud from her cheek rubbing making him feel good as he senses her stop followed by her sighing loudly and then whispering that she’s relieved to have Mason she names as her mate and helping her with her problem for no one bothered to help her with her enclosed spaces problem since it became obvious when she went into a walk in closet at nighttime to get something and the light bulb above went out and she wound up freaking out scared and screaming in there before she developed vision to see in the dark which she fought against the clothes and items in it in her struggle to find the closet door which her roommate at the time wasn’t home and no one checked on her till she found herself standing in her bedroom out of the closet next to the window which she has no idea how she got there but realized that the world she was from according to Merra had mind walking plants that can transport people from place to place within a blink of an eye and witnessed the transporting of Beddune to realize that Merra wasn’t kidding about that. He frowns as she continues to whisper sensing with a start that she’s talking to him and he isn’t sure if she’s aware of him being awake despite his form still which he opens his eyes but keeps his form still to listen to her. Rosa he listens continues to whisper that being in the plant dubbed Merra Kid freaked her out screaming while turning into Beddune which she wound up doing her chanting words while giving out a scream after each time she did the chant till she passed out unconscious and then woke up by impulse and told that she could come out which she did and met a male Beddune which acted like he knew her that confused her despite feeling like wearing clothing on her form till she got an impulse to look down at herself to see she was wearing similar clothing as the Beddune to realize his attitude which he led her to the Beddune’s camp and saw females there which she figured out what she was wearing. Mason feels an urge to kiss her on the cheek hit which he doesn’t resist kisses her on the cheek as she pauses from talking to hear her continue talking while sensing that she’s not surprised that he’s doing it which he figures that she was aware of him being awake. He listens to Rosa continuing talking in a whispered tone that she was surprised to meet Mason but some sense told her that he was suffering from a problem which the Beddune seemed to act like they were scrutinizing the both of them from them all staring. He frowns as she continues that while she was knocked out growing a Drainer egg some Human female with throat scars contacted her and gave her the name of River which he stiffens hearing and told her that Mason had a female before Rosa herself came along and lost her to death and that he was hurting from it which the female refused to explain why she was contacting her just sort of told her to help Mason heal from that then he hears her add that the dream ended and she woke up restrained by Beddune who cut her open despite her screaming in pain and yanked out the Drainer egg along with her baby carrier due to smelling something bad with it and they told her after they were finished that the baby carrier was dying and couldn’t come back inside her which she wound up angry and furious went into a rage episode only to come to feeling Mason hugging her and feeling herself very sore from them yanking out the Drainer egg. His fingers rub her back as she continues to talk that after she was taken to the Drainer’s castle and woke up there she inquired about the egg she birthed and told that their tests say the baby is a female that will hatch out by herself then the offspring will latch on any person that isn’t a Drainer if they sense blood essence from the person and suck them to death due to that the offspring is very hungry from hatching out of the egg and that the blood essence intake for the newly hatched offspring is very heavy due to the hatching out of the egg takes a lot out of the offspring and that a full grown person who’s not a Drainer holds enough blood for an offspring to quench their hunger. He frowns as she keeps talking that the Drainers showed her some screen device recording of the egg in their hatchery and said that the female she dubbed the name Zaria after seeing the egg loudly interrupting them which they told her that the egg will hatch when Zaria is ready to come out which the time length starts from three suns after egg comes out of female and then varies after that. He sighs softly as Rosa continues that Merra told her that she’ll tell her when Zaria comes out of the egg which she was just told of that hatching hence she crying about it realizing that she wasn’t there to witness it or being able to hold Zaria as her mother due to Zaria being a Drainer. Mason gently kisses her on the cheek again as she pauses which he hears a summoning howl sound sounding like he and Rosa should come out sighs to get up and walks out of the hut followed by Rosa to see a Drainer named Jimo there which he is told that the Drainer egg the Beddune produced that Mason’s female birth it hatched and a female Drainer came out and she seems to be doing fine from tests done on her which one of the female Drainers who asked to be referred as Arielia have taken up the job of being her parent to teach her Drainer life. He speaks hearing Rosa give up a gasp sound that he’s fine with that but wants to know when Zaria he refers to the new Drainer hatched will meet her actual parents and have Rosa hold her. He frowns as Jimo gives off a groan noise and speaks that this meeting will have to wait till Zaria he refers to the new Drainer hatched as if getting the name is a full grown Drainer due to that Drainer offspring regardless of age latch themselves onto non Drainers and drink them to death due to having huge appetites to help them grow and that depending on the amount of bloody essence the offspring gets affects their growth rate such as an offspring fed non Drainer people body amounts repeatedly over and over which could get the offspring to be full grown fast but that’s impossible to be done due to that there aren’t any volunteers willing to do it. He hears Jimo add in a groaning tone that due to the amount of bloody essence the castle has and amount of Drainers there including the bloody essence supplied by domestic gonoids who give various amounts a day that it’ll take a long time before Zaria gets to be full grown due to that their not the only known Drainer group living and that there’s other Drainer groups scattered around and there’s one in some place dubbed Atlanta that is a globe travel, sun position from here and he’s not sure if their willing to share their blood supply due to the castle Drainers had a problem that kept them out of touch with things around them including what the other Drainer groups living among other people do to get their bloody essence. Mason frowns as Jimo pauses to give off a groan noise then continues speaking that the castle Drainers are trying to find out how the other Drainer groups get their bloody essence from living among other species through various sources who haven’t been forthcoming with the information and that he has an idea on why their not forthcoming due to sensing things going among the castle Drainers which he figures is some uncaring me, me attitude something he’s sensed and that other Drainer groups sensed that and don’t want anything to do with the castle Drainers due to sensing that the castle Drainers are slow to change their attitude. Mason feels disgusted as Jimo paused followed by the Drainer continuing adding that the Drainer King and Queen doesn’t have the attitude like he himself doesn’t and that their struggling to change the castle Drainers’ attitudes due to Drainers seeing them as someone to complain problems to and not as their leaders who they are currently viewing another Drainer named Torrin as the leader who has told the Drainers to complain problems to the Drainer King and Queen which the Drainers are doing it. Mason feels his disgust take hold as Jimo keeps talking that Merra has admitted to be currently working on Torrin to get him to change his uncaring me, me attitude to match the attitude the Drainer King and Queen expect from Drainers which would get the other Drainers to change their attitudes due to revering Torrin as their leader and thinking what he does they do it too.  He frowns feeling his disgust leave him as Jimo keeps talking that Torrin has referred Zaria by the name of Ann-Nea abruptly at her introduction which has spread to the other Drainers till the Drainer King interfered and told the Drainers to refer her as Zaria due to Jimo himself secretly pointing out to the Drainer King that Aiden in the room had his feelings hurt by his behavior and suggested that the Drainer was still suffering from the loss of his mate by the same name which the Drainer King pointed out to the Drainers after Aiden left the throne room appearing to be upset which his words was backed up by Torrin sounding angry with himself which the Drainer left the room and was heard roaring in the hallway before coming back into the room and sounded calm and said when asked about the noises that he was just celebrating Zaria and that was it.  Aiden according to Jimo returned and Torrin told him that the new Drainer’s name is Zaria due to someone Torrin didn’t name spoken up saying that Aiden was still upset about the loss of his mate Ann-Nea and insisted on the name change which Aiden didn’t protest a complaint about that but said that he’s still hurting from losing Ann-Nea and that her name reminded him of how he lost her to a sick in the head illness taking control which Torrin interrupted saying that Ann-Nea was found in a body of water dead in it by Aiden and himself tracking her there and wound up accusing the Beddune of doing the deed which it was proven that she drowned herself. Their doctor spoke up saying that she found that inside Ann-Nea was appearing to die from some internal body death sickness from doing an exploratory operation to figure out what made her go insane due to test scanners indicating something suspicious and not saying what it was which she had Ann-Nea’s body sent to Atlanta for them to help her figure out what was going on due to how advanced they were in medical technology. Aiden according to Jimo left the room which the doctor added that she already informed Aiden of the results the hospital found which was a medical condition involving Ann-Nea’s offspring carrier doctors dub Marisaki’s Syndrome which the offspring carrier dies and the death of the organ spreads to the rest of the body of the female and it doesn’t matter if she had offspring or not for it’ll hit and the only way of saving her is to remove the offspring carrier out and it hits females and doesn’t matter what their species is for it hits period. Mason speaks as Jimo pauses that he’s aware of that medical condition due to that the Beddune discovered it happening to Rosa when they took out the Drainer egg and Merra told them to examine her offspring carrier due to sensing something odd going on which the Beddune did and found it smelling of death which they took out and didn’t put back into his female. He stares at Jimo who speaks that the Doctor admitted to all that the hospital said that it was too late to save Ann-Nea due to that her passing was days away and that the doctor figured out that Ann-Nea’s sick in the head illness was herself realizing that she was dying and reacting badly from it and that Aiden admitted that he drowned her to death and that the Drainer has refused to say why he did it. Mason frowns as Jimo keeps talking that he saw the doctor glaring at Torrin when she spoke about Aiden admitting the drowning and noticed the Drainer King point a finger at Torrin when the doctor looked at the Drainer King which he figured that something was left unsaid related to Ann-Nea’s passing. Mason bobs his head as Jimo stops talking when he hears a beep noise sounding like its from the Drainer who adds that he’s called to the castle by their signal device on him and has to go but adds that he’ll talk the Drainer King and Torrin into allowing him to visit from time to time with reports on how Zaria is faring. Mason gives a Drainer nod of yes which is tipping the head sideways then watches as Jimo walks out of the camp going around a hut out of sight and sees in the air above a Drainer globe that flies out of sight in a fading motion. Mason doesn’t comment as Rosa insists to him to go inside the hut and lie down which he doesn’t protest as she forces him to lie down once inside on his back and forces his eyes shut which he hears knitting needle sounds sounding loudly that continue along with a weakness feeling of hunger hitting him which he jerks open his eyes and sits up to see that knitting is a female Beddune judging by her eyes and not Rosa which he speaks the name of Rosa in a questioning tone and hears Ida’s voice speaking as the knitting stop that Merra and Tank her mate said that Mason fell into some sickness related to losing a mate and was locked in his mind experiencing something realistic despite their efforts to shake him out of it and he was like that for too many uncounted suns. Mason recalls what happened to River speaks the words plant people in questioning tone which Ida says they haven’t been seen since they left the camp with River fully one of them along with their Highlander leader who Merra said with some edge in her voice tone that the Beddune don’t need to worry about him and the plant people causing any trouble anymore and she and Tank have refused to explain what they meant except kept dropping the subject whenever they ask them. Mason frowns feels hungry gets up with form shaky and slowly walks out of the hut sensing Ida following him which outside he is insisted on sitting down by Ida which he obeys then is handed lots of bowls of food and drink which he gobbles up along with gulping down till he feels his hunger satisfied refuses more of the bowls handed towards him by saying that he had an enough. He feels the top of his head to feel that his hair is covered and hears Ida speak that Merra insisted that they put him in Merra Kid due to that the suit he wears was falling apart on him from him being sick due to his head showing something funny which he doesn’t comment feels himself fine asks what’s going on with the Drainers which he’s told that Merra told them that one called Torrin took control taking the leadership on the insisting of other Drainers who think he should be in charge and that Beddune have gone to the castle and come back complaining of the Drainers’ threatening behavior towards them and told not to come back unless they have their leader with them. Mason frowns hearing that gets up and hears Ida sitting next to him to not to exert himself too much physically due to his body not taking in nourishment for too long that could make him too weak to do anything physically. Mason mentally calls for Merra and hears her in his mind along with a headache which he asks if it’s related to mind scanning hears her say that the Highlander tried some mind walking trick in him and she stopped it but sensed it would cause some side effect of him mentally detecting his mind scanned. Mason mentally speaks asking if he had anything to do with destroying the plant people and killing off their leader due to that Merra and Tank aren’t talking to the Beddune about it to not make him look bad to them. He hears from Merra that he had nothing to do with what he’s thinking and that he was too busy suffering from his sickness to do anything except lie down and sleep on and off and hears an edge in her voice saying that he shouldn’t worry about the plant people and their leader due to that they won’t bother him and the Beddune anymore. He feels the headache stop figures that she stopped talking to him hears from Ida that Merra and Tank aren’t talkative when it comes to what happened to the plant people and their leader but says that she admitted to manipulating Mason to put River down after she became a plant which happened at night time and has refused to say why she did the manipulating only said it was better for him to live this way and won’t explain further when asked. Mason frowns hearing that sits down and hears Ida’s knitting needles start again watches the Beddune go around the camp till sunlight becomes dim and told by Guard that its near time for Beddune to go to sleep which he should go and sleep. He goes inside hut followed by Ida carrying her knitting needles and cloth in her hand which he figures is a blanket that covers the hut entrance and feels himself confused seeing her escort him as he sits down and stares at her. He hears from her that she’s just to observe him for the Beddune while in the hut till their satisfied that he’s fine mentally and physically. Mason doesn’t comment lies down and shuts his eyes falling asleep to dream of memories with Rosa to recall Mina just prior to being a legal adult having similar fears with enclosed spaces a fear he forced her to get over by holding her in the closet by hand on her throat and having lights off at night time while she protested to that including screaming from it. He recalls talking to her gently to get over her fear as she got scared along with keeping her at arms length by hand on her throat and keeping her from clinging to him till she stopped screaming and sensed she was over her fear by sensing it from her. He continues to recall Mina while in the closet seemed to get angry at him enough to make him think she wasn’t fully Human from her growling noises and fisting him despite him still holding her by the throat which he balked freeing her. He continues to recall that after that episode she stopped being angry and stopped being afraid to admit to him that people at the Zesky hospital have referred her as Rosa when they got their hands on her and she being mute and not admitting to them her actual name of Mina along with throwing tantrums of anger due to being frustrated on not knowing how to communicate her want to the people and not aware that she could talk. He feels himself getting confused as to why Mina would help him mentally by appearing to be a Beddune named Rosa only to get an image of her wearing a white dress and saying that he’ll be fine for now and has recovered from being sick and that she has helped pay a debt to him he paid to her which he sees the image go away and passes out unconscious only to come to hearing the summoning howl sound in Beddune which he jerks open his eyes and sits up eyes Ida sitting next to him with worry in her eyes saying that he was asleep for three suns ignoring summons from the Beddune which Merra said that he was healing himself from his sickness by sleeping it off. Mason doesn’t comment feels himself better and at full strength feels hungry walks out followed by Ida and orders food brought to him which he sits down and Beddune holding three bowls of food and three bowls of drink come up to him handing it to him which he eats two bowls of food and drink finding himself hungry but not that hungry to eat all of the food and drink they handed him. He gives off a I had an enough comment then the Beddune holding the bowls walk off which he asks what have they heard from the Drainers which he’s told that one called Jimo arrived to their camp in some panicky tone told them of the passing of a sick Drainer named Ann Nea by her mate named Aiden and that Torrin like the other Drainers blame the Beddune for making her sick with some unexplained illness they think is some kind of poison and Aiden was forced to put her down. Jimo has added that he got a hold of Ann Nea’s body and had it transported along with himself to the nearest city called Atlanta where there are other Drainers living and got Ann Nea’s body tested thoroughly for the poisoning which they found something related to her baby carrier and say that she was poisoned through mating which Jimo returned her and himself back to the castle and has been trying to bring up the subject of Ann Nea to the castle Drainers who keep dropping the subject and insisting that the Beddune poisoned her which he had no success on getting the Drainers to change their attitudes. He hears from Merra sounding in his mind along with a headache that he and escort should go to the castle and confront the Drainers for their attitude including confronting Torrin for taking the leadership when he should have refused and kept the Drainer King in the position instead of taking the title. Mason gets up and speaks Merra’s words as the headache stops then two Beddune step forwards holding spears both saying that they’ll escort him to the castle which he follows one with one behind him to the castle finding himself still having Beddune ability along with not tired from the physical activity. He gets to the throne room to spot Torrin seated in the throne chair and sees the Drainer King and Queen sitting on the floor looking like their glaring at Torrin by eyes and mouth formed. He sees his Beddune escorts get knocked out by Aiden throwing his hat at them and catches Aiden’s thrown hat at him and sees Jimo yelling out something in foreign language which he drops the hat on the floor and senses a presence coming behind him followed by a hand Human like touching his shoulder and hears a feminine guttural voice speaking Beddune to explain why the Drainers knocked out their allies and tried to do the same to their leader. He recognizes the voice as an Amula and senses them standing next to him as Torrin speaks in foreign language followed by Aiden speaking in Beddune that the Beddune made one of them sick with some illness and that they were forced to put her down. He hears groaning noises sees the Beddune get up followed by the female Amula ordering them to stand outside due to sensing something related to tech that needs to work and sees the Beddune leave which the female adds asking for examination of the Drainer’s body which Jimo speaks in foreign language as Aiden speaks that someone hid her and he’s furious about that as he sees doors of an elevator open showing a Drainer in a wheelchair pushed out looking limp in it by another Drainer speaking in foreign language before stopping the wheelchair which he recognizes the limp Drainer as Ann Nea says that its her who they put down which Aiden confirms sounding angry. He hears the female Amula give off a growling noise and sees a gonoid come into view going up the Ann Nea appearing to sniff her all over then goes up to Aiden appearing to sniff him along with his sensitive part area which the Drainer ignores with arms folded before the gonoid comes up to Mason and changes into a male Human wearing gonoid skins and speaks Beddune pointing a finger at Aiden saying that he poisoned her through mating that made her sick and that he’s doesn’t smell like he’s fully a Drainer but a part of the species. He sees Aiden restrained by a male Drainer and Jimo as the Drainer gives off a roaring noise while sounding angry giving off growling noises as Jimo yells foreign language very loudly. Mason continues to watch Aiden restrained as Jimo continue to talk sounding angry with it in his tone and hears Torrin talking as Jimo pauses followed by Jimo speaking sounding annoyed and still angry in some tone that sounds like a question in a loud voice followed by silence which he sees Aiden still looks angry but restrained by the Drainers as Drainers in the room sounded talking loudly in foreign language and noticed them appearing to be chattering among each other from them gesturing to each other by their heads. He eyes the scene as Jimo speaks loudly in foreign language something then becomes silent and eyes Aiden still restrained by the two Drainers with Jimo as one of them. He continues to eye Aiden that he senses is angry and isn’t paying attention to anything around him from sense cued to the Drainer who appears to be glaring at the male Amula by the head aimed at the male while still restrained by two Drainers. Mason hears Torrin speaking in foreign language hears a whistle blast like sound very loudly that shuts up the Drainers and Torrin which his eyes focused on the Drainer King sitting on the floor that spit out a whistle like object from his mouth still attached to a chain around his neck and make hand gestures he figures is sign language while hearing Jimo speaking in foreign language and sees the Drainer King’s head is aimed at Torrin seated in the chair while moving his hands. He continue to watch as Torrin speaks in foreign language as the Drainer King pauses from sign language talk then the Drainer King shifts to face Torrin with his body and continues to give off his sign language which he frowns as Torrin speaks and sees the Drainer King continue signing and then figures that Torrin and the Drainer King are arguing by both talking back and forth with Torrin sounding angry and the Drainer King is signing rapid fire paced. He hears a roaring sound from Torrin and watches the Drainer King make a fist and wave it towards the Drainer and hears Torrin speaking in foreign language in a firm tone followed by Aiden walking in view to the Drainer King and then stalks towards him which he feels himself yanked aside out of the Drainer’s way and watches Aiden walk out of the throne room out of sight. He hears Drainers commenting in foreign language followed by Torrin loudly speaking something then is pulled out of the room by the Amula going outside to hear Drainer roaring noises sounding which he meets the Beddune and is told by the Amula to take off which he sees multiple Drainers coming out of the castle heading towards them as the Amula shift to gonoids which he and Beddune take off heading towards the trees which at a tree he halts to stand on the tree branch to turn around eyeing the situation sensing Drainers are feeding off the Amula in their gonoid forms which he watches and then feels uncomfortable leaving them there comments that they should go back and fight which he flies back and sees the Drainers go inside the castle hauling the Amula which he and Beddune follow unnoticed till they enter the doorway and stand watching. He hears Torrin speaking and sees the Drainers that fed off the Amula go to their familiar spots in the room while others look at him smacking their lips which he asks a question about what the Drainers know of the Amula species. He hears growls from the Drainers as Jimo translates his words then speaks that the Amula are some species he heard capable of defeating a Drainer in combat fight and doesn’t know much more of them. Mason figures something hit the Amula to surrender to the Drainers and figures out that they poisoned themselves with something which would get the Drainers sick puts hands on the Beddune and back away slowly eyes on the gonoids as he and the Beddune take off out of the castle and get out unstopped to head towards the trees and stop once reaching them. He speaks that the Amula poisoned themselves with something hence they surrendering to the Drainers. He hears from the Beddune that they figured out the same thing and is surprised that their capable of defeating Drainers in physical combat fight which they didn’t know of before. He doesn’t comment orders to go back to camp which the Beddune lead him to there and he’s alerted of a Drainer at the meeting spot from Beddune observing him its Jimo who doesn’t look happy and has been insisting to talk to their leader. Mason meets Jimo who speaks that Torrin ordered him to get the Beddune’s leader and don’t come back without him which he’s not doing and is going to abandon living at the castle and go to the nearest city and live there with the Drainers there and adds that he managed to keep other Drainers from knowing where the Beddune’s camp is to cause trouble. He hears Jimo add that he managed to ditch his tracker and comm. device that was sewn on his body someplace in the vicinity of the castle just to keep them tracking him and made sure that none of the Drainers were following. He doesn’t comment as Jimo adds that he figured out that the Humans changing into gonoids were the Amula who had poison in their system heard something of sickness hitting the Drainers that fed off them and figured out that they were the Amula themselves. He keeps his mouth shut as Jimo says he’s going now and adds to Mason to refrain from visiting the castle without asking Merra to scan the Drainers’ minds to see what their moods is just to avoid being sucked by them. Mason doesn’t comment as Jimo walks away out of sight and sees a globe in the air going in a different direction than towards the castle decides to go back to camp walks sensing Beddune escorting him which he enters and goes to his hut to sit in front of it eyes aimed at the Beddune going their business around camp while having a female Beddune sitting next to him doing knitting with her knitting needles clicking away. He hears from Guard that Amula’s voices are heard beyond the vicinity of the camp and their sounding to be arguing by the tone. He frowns as Amula come into view walking into the camp and stop near him in front to see the female Amula appearing to scrutiny him and speak demanding to know why he’s not surprised to see them which he stands up and speaks that he sensed them coming and alerted his people of that. He hears a twig snapping sound coming from one of the male Amula who holds up pieces of a twig and sees Beddune slump all over followed by the female speaking that Beddune heard them talking beyond their camp and alerted him of that hence he not surprised to see them. He stiffens as he feels a stinging pain in his chest over the left side to look down seeing an arrow like object sticking in it pulls it out and sees that it’s some kind of dart from substance dripping off it along with sleepiness crumbles to the ground passing out unconscious- 

Mason got interrupted "Talk on how you met Lilly aka River herself saved from the water of the river getting into her that got the poisoned plant out!"
He glared at the speaker an Amula offspring via mating of a male Beddune and a female Amula as both species went around the camp with eater fires burning. He sighed hearing the Amula's child talk subject on that regarding River herself he noticed was sitting next to him knitting away despite taking a new name of Lilly. 
He eyed Lilly who was still knitting her blanket with a frown as she paused from knitting and got from her "Just tell the story anyway. I need to be reminded that I love you and killing oneself isn't the answer to problems. As long as you tell the story of you using your special voice to forget about my suicide attempt."
Groaning Mason sighed and obeyed sensing the Beddune were eavesdropping to him telling the story to the offsprings despite he now leader of both Amula and Beddune. 
He sighed softly and found Amula adults giving him gestures he saw indicated "Just talk."
Mason sighed again and spoke the story fully in mind despite hearing silence from Lilly she halting her knitting. 

Mason comes to waking up discovering himself in a hut with legs tied and ropes around his wrists looks around seeing that the hut isn’t Beddune from the looks of it. Along with various objects seen in it that suggests use by Amula feels annoyed with the Amula for pulling a stunt onto him. Feels some kind of gnawing on the ropes holding his legs looks down to spot a rat like gonoid is chewing on them along with feeling more rats chewing on the ropes on his wrists which he feels himself able to yank them off as the rats take off through a hole in the hut’s floor. He sits crossed legged and shuts his eyes bowing his head doing astral projecting to see outside the hut. To spot its guarded by two male Amula holding stick spears in their hands and looks around seeing that the hut is away from the other huts while seeing various Amula doing thing around their camp similar to Beddune doing their things. Spots a large teepee in the middle of the huts gathered in a circle around it and sees sitting in front of the teepee is a female Shadonian wearing gonoid skin clothing. Then feels a pulling feeling goes to a hut to see sitting in front of it crossed legged is a teenage Human boy with Shadonian eyes that appears to be staring off in space. Spots an orange and white colored dog with short legs and no tail and low to the ground sitting nearby that gives off barking sounds. 
His eyes focus on the teenager who shakes his head forming a glare on his face and twists his form to look at the dog speaking "Jenna do you mind?" 
Along with that he’s trying to concentrate and doesn’t need to be distracted. He frowns as the dog he assumes is named Jenna stops her barking assuming it’s a female.
He eyes the teenager who resumes his former position with familiar look on his face before shaking his head and speaking out loud "Drat that dog." 
He feels a pulling sensation walks to it to find its leading him to the hut he’s in which he spots a female Amula standing facing the male guards speaking in foreign language. He finds himself back into his body jerking open his eyes and stares at the entrance to see the gonoid skin blanket flip open followed by the female sticking her head in. She exclaims in a loud tone some foreign language loudly which he glares at her before sticking her head out along with the blanket put back in place. He glares at the entrance to see it open followed by the female speaking to him in Beddune ordering him out. 
He speaks "why should I bother question due to that they’ll knock me out again just to tie me up and I'm not interested in coming out?" while using sarcasm. 
He glares at the female who appears to open her mouth hissing out air loudly before speaking foreign language sounding annoyed then she speaks in Beddune that he’s coming out whether they knock him out or not and insists on him coming out. He finds himself agreeing with her demand gets up and sees her back up dropping the blanket down and yanks the blanket up walking out to feel his arms grabbed by two male Amula. He throws off tossing them in the air as the female darts towards him holding a familiar object in her hand that looks like the arrow dart that knocked him out. He sees her throw it at him aimed at his chest and finds himself ducking as the thing flies over him and straightens up his form to see the female give off a loud howling sound. He spots various Amula nearby the camp dropping what their doing heading towards him while holding various weapons in their hands. Mason finds himself annoyed raises his hands up in fists in a fight pose while eyeing the Amula heading towards him to hear a familiar howling sound sounding loudly to see dropping from the air in front of him is three male Beddune armed with spears in their hands which one gives off a howling sound and sees the Amula running towards him halt their running. He hears from the female Amula that threw the dart a question of how the Beddune find their camp when they were assured it was hidden from them including hidden from Mason as well. He hears from the Beddune that they weren’t knocked out that long just enough to wake up and track the unnamed ones carrying their leader to their camp which they followed to the location and kept an eye on things till it was apparent that their leader needed assistance. He hears from the female Amula that the Beddune are lying on that due to that the ones who brought their leader in can detect Beddune from a long distance anywhere and that the three were detected hanging around and wanted to them to show themselves. He sees the Amula resume their charge and howls a similar Amula like howl sound seeing them halt charging which he speaks loudly that the unnamed ones better have a good excuse for treating him and his people rudely due to that he was told that both species have an alliance with each other and isn’t amused with the rudeness of the unnamed ones are displaying towards him and his people. He glares at the female Amula who looks bugged eyed before speaking in foreign language very loudly in some angry tone see the Amula nearby resume charging as she stands staring at him which he speaks a screw this comment in Beddune and takes off into the air sensing the Beddune following and twists his form sensing various objects thrown at him to land in a tree and sees that the three Beddune are on the ground unconscious and sees Amula yank objects from them along with gathering around the tree he’s in holding objects in their hands that looks like spears and arrows to him and sees them throw the weapons aimed at him which he takes off out of the tree onto another tree and figures that he’ll head towards the teepee to see how they’ll react as they continue to throw weapons aimed at him which he takes off into various trees landing on a branch above the teepee to see the female Shadonian isn’t in sight and figures that she’s in the teepee and ducks and jumps various weapons thrown at him and sees some of them hit the teepee bouncing off going towards the Amula to see some of them hit the Amula and see the hit ones appear to fall to ground unconscious. He hears a loud roaring sound sees the Amula halt their throwing to look at the teepee which he sees a female Shadonian come out speaking in foreign language sounding angry and sees the Amula point fingers at him while one is speaking loudly to her which she looks up to spot him there and shakes her head in some odd gesture before speaking in Beddune to his shock telling him to get down or that she’ll order her people to personally use their fists onto the downed Beddune and makes sure that they’ll break a bone in the process. He glares at the Shadonian to speak that the unnamed ones better have a good excuse for their rudeness towards him and his people and wants an explanation and drops down to land in the middle of the Amula who abruptly pelt him with their weapons finding himself hit by them along with sleepiness hitting him crumbles to the ground going unconscious. 

Mason comes to feeling a foot kicking his leg finds himself sitting while tied to a tree along with feeling fellow Beddune tied to it in sitting positions around the tree and one is kicking him in the leg with a foot. He speaks in an annoyed tone that he’s up and awake and hears from the Beddune that the unnamed ones are still balking explaining their rude attitude towards their leader and themselves as well. He doesn’t comment frowns as the Beddune add that he saw female unnamed one collapse onto the ground and was carried inside a hut which he eyed for awhile till a male came out carrying something that resembled a baby offspring to him and thrust a knife onto the baby’s front and saw it crumble into pieces like the ground’s pieces then looked in his direction and made a threatening gesture with the knife in hand towards him before walking off.  Mason speaks loudly recalling River plant infected what their take on what happened to his mate dubbed by the name of River who was one of the unnamed ones that got changed into Beddune. He hears groaning noises from the Beddune followed by one saying that her body was found on a riverbank just prior to Mason started his sicknesses of going into some trance for uncounted number of days. He frowns wondering where the memory of River plant infected came from along with hearing it from Merra and Tank including the Beddune after recovering from his trance sicknesses finds his eyes focuses on the teenager with Shadonian eyes sitting in front of a hut appearing to be zoned out before two male Amula grab him by the arms and haul him to the teepee who doesn’t look happy from that. He eyes the female Shadonian that speaks words to the teenager unheard and sees that the male isn’t happy about something speaks something only to get a male Amula holding a spear behind him whack it on his back while still restrained by the two male Amula. He eyes them as the Shadonian speaks words followed by the teenager hit again who speaks looking freaked out followed by the female pointing a finger at him and speaking something. He frowns as the male Amula free the teenager who walks away going to a hut where Jenna the dog is and appears to be yelling at the dog by the behavior which the dog doesn’t seem to mind the yelling only appears to act friendly with the teen by putting her body rubbing the male’s leg. He frowns as the teen stops yelling to stomp his foot before sitting down crossed legged and forming a zoned out expression on his face with eyes open.  Mason speaks what the Beddune meant by River found on a riverbank and what happened to her body anyway and hears in response that River was seen taking off during the night after it came out that she was the unnamed one who killed off their leader’s predecessor and didn’t come back which in the morning they found Mason himself in some trance sickness and went to search for River which she was tracked to a riverbank and found dead there which their not even sure what killed her for her body was intact with nothing to indicate any injury or anything at all. He speaks asking if they didn’t consider that River ate something poisoned enough to kill herself off hence her body intact which he hears from one of the Beddune that they couldn’t examine her mouth due to that the Beddune suit prevented them from doing it along with no way of cutting it off her form which they put her in Merra Kid only to get her thrown out of the plant by the thing doing it and were forced to bury her in the ground underneath a tree which some unnamed ones caught them doing in the process took River’s body away from them and told them that they’ll handle her body’s disposal which their not sure what the unnamed ones did to her body due to not seeing anything around the camp to indicate her body’s presence. Mason frowns hearing that eyes the Amula going around the camp doing their business and focuses on the teenager that makes a head shake motion before appearing to stare at him back then forms a big frown on the male’s face before resuming the zoned out look again. He eyes the teenager to see two Amula come up to the male grabbing him by the arms and haul him to the Shadonian who points a finger at him and speaks words which he sees that the teenager is speaking words only to see the Shadonian stop pointing and speaking something followed by the teen hit on the back by a spear held by a male Amula which he sees is repeatedly doing it while the male is balking on speaking by shaking his head in a Human style no gesture as he is restrained by two male Amula. He watches as the teen gives off a cough gesture then speaks which he grimaces as foreign language booms in his ears very loudly sounding a bit lengthy in an angry voice tone while hearing Beddune groaning from that followed by the male giving off a cough gesture and the booming voice stops followed by the male appearing to yell at the Shadonian something and then sees him hit on the back again repeatedly over and over till the female Shadonian speaks something followed by the male stop hitting the teen’s back. He frowns as the Shadonian speaks something followed by the teen yelling something and sees an Amula female come into view holding Jenna squirming in her arms to the Shadonian that pulls out a knife and speaks to the teen while gesturing towards the dog with the knife followed by the teen is again speaking rapid fire paced from the mouth moving followed by the female Shadonian putting away the knife and sees the dog released put down on the ground which he sees the teen freed and looking upset slow walks to his hut followed by the dog looking happy to sit down crossed legged while putting hands on his forehead looking not happy about something but resumes the zoned out look by putting hands down on his lap while Jenna the dog is nearby him sitting. Mason frowns as a male Amula holding a spear comes up to the tree where he’s tied up and walks around it followed by hearing a loud groaning noises then silence which he looks off his right to see the male Amula stick the spear in the head of the Beddune followed by the male giving off a groaning noise and body crumbles up into dirt. He eyes the male Amula going to stand in front of him aiming the spear at his chest over the left side and thrusts it forwards which he jerks from the pain of it hitting his chest along with sleepiness hitting him passes out unconscious.

Mason comes to finding himself in a hut lying on his side while tied up again in familiar ropes which he feels gnawing sensations on the ropes finds himself freed then hears a female voice sounding familiar to look around inside the hut and that the reason why the Amula is angry is in there. He obeys getting up to kneel focusing on each object in the hut gathered around him in a circle which his eyes focuses on a blanket on the wall opposite from the entrance to see markings on it that takes him a moment to figure out that their writings which he stares at and suddenly finds himself understanding the markings which he reads the entire blanket’s contents and feels it explains the Amula’s anger towards the Beddune judging by what he reads. He looks at the entrance to see it open and sees a female Amula throw an object aimed at him and feels pain in his side which he takes out and recognizes it as a dart and then passes out unconscious. 

Mason comes to finding himself in stocks looks around seeing he’s in the Amula’s camp by them hanging around doing things. His eyes focuses on the teen who is grabbed by Amula and hauled to the Shadonian and watches them talk to each other words unheard by the teen appearing to refuse to talk by shaking his head repeatedly and sees the Shadonian threaten Jenna which his eyes focuses on the teen’s hut to see the blanket has a big symbol on it which he recognizes the words for pack leader on the blanket in the hut and feels the stock loose frees himself to jump into a tree while hearing howling sounds of alarm sounding. He lands in the tree and looks down at the Amula gathered around the tree underneath him aiming weapons at him which his eyes focuses on the teen’s hut as if drawn to see a white wolf come out that gives off a howling sound followed by a familiar figure coming out that he stares with shock is a female Beddune that reminds him of River and feels sleepiness feels himself falling out of the tree to hear a voice booming yelling to catch him and don’t let him hit the ground and that he knows without further saying what he knows of as he passes out unconscious. 

Mason wakes up with eyes jerking open looking around finding himself in a hut lying on a furry ground that feels Beddune like while sensing the familiar senses hitting him figures that its night time feels a familiar body form lying on top of him that feels feminine and seems familiar which he brings a hand on the female’s back who wakes up with a jerk staring at him with Human eyes while wearing Beddune feminine suit covering her face and form. He stares at her speaking the word River in a questioning tone feels the female’s hand on his cheek going to his forehead and feels his eyes forced shut while hearing her speak sounding like River to him to sleep for he needs it. He falls asleep and wakes up hearing the summoning howl to feel the female is off of him and hears her speaking loudly that their leader is sleeping at the moment and doesn’t know when he’ll wake up. Mason sits up speaking that he’s awake and stares at the female who looks at him and adds while peering through the blanket that she needs to discuss something with Mason in private for a bit then swings the blanket back which he eyes her as she kneels in front of him followed by her speaking that the Unnamed Ones said that he learned something about them that was forbidden and wants to know how he learned it. He speaks from memory of reading the forbidden thing off a blanket having writing on it and recognized the writing as a familiar language he was taught by people who helped him heal from a problem. He frowns as the female’s eyes narrow with some unreadable look in them followed by her speaking that he should get out of the hut and get something to eat which he obeys finding himself in the Amula’s camp and knocked out unconscious by one of them hitting a dart in his chest which he passes out. 

Mason wakes up finding himself lying in a hut that feels Beddune to him with the familiar female Beddune is there sitting next to him eyes on him along with a white wolf sitting next to her that looks at him before the gonoid resumes curled up asleep. He sits up staring at the female who speaks that he has refused to pass away despite the Unnamed Ones’ efforts to kill him off despite them hitting him with various poisonous darts that are said to kill off a gonoid along with stabbing him in the chest repeatedly he always seems to be alive after their done their work on him and their not happy about that their efforts are for nothing. Mason feels rage hitting him in quick moves grabs the female and thrusts her onto her back with him on top of her and hears nothing from the wolf to his movements but a growling noise from the female. He glares at her holding her wrists to the ground and feels himself still angry but itching to mate from the urge hitting him forces himself inside her while hearing her give of groaning sounds along with moans of pleasure to him. He mates with her feeling pleasure from it along with that she seems like River to him but figures from his body on top of her that she’s not River but some other Amula that got changed into Beddune which he spills himself inside her and keeps himself inside her while glaring at her in the face. He glares at her as she sighs and stares back at him which he brings his mouth to her mouth and kisses her on the lips feeling her not resisting to that. He releases his hold on her wrists putting his hands on her hands palms touching and feels a charge of pleasure hitting him from that then releases her hands to wrap arms around her back as she does the same while still kissing her on the lips. He breaks off kiss to form a glare with his eyes staring at her in the eyes who gives off a sigh and speaks that Seer predicted to her in private just prior to her change that she would be paired with the Beddune which she laughed off thinking it was a joke due to Seer giving off predictions towards unnamed ones that have turned out to be jokes which she passed out unconscious in front of males courting her for mating and woke up discovering herself as Beddune in a hut and that the unnamed ones have refused to say why they had her changed into Beddune. He continues to glare at her as he brings a hand to her throat and grips the area in a gentle grip while speaking in a firm tone to confirm if Seer is that person with cloud colored eyes and accompanied with a gonoid that gives off a barking sound. He hears from her a groan followed by she speaking that he figured out who she was talking about and would figure out other secrets they have hidden that they consider forbidden and don’t want Beddune to know what it is. He doesn’t comment glares at her as she adds that the unnamed ones’ attempts to kill him off is from being afraid that he would blab their forbidden secrets to the Beddune due to captured Beddune heard telling off unnamed ones several things that the unnamed ones knew that only their leader knew of and figured that he blabbed it to them hence they saying it. He speaks asking her what would happen if he pulled out of her as in offspring forming which he hears from her that wouldn’t be possible due to just prior to her Beddune change she woke up restrained by unnamed ones and not wearing clothes to feel them doing some cutting into her around the offspring carrier area and it stung when they did it along with smelling a familiar smell of death to see them yank something out of the hole they made cutting her open and then they sewed her shut followed by a male punching her in the face repeatedly as an attempt to knock her unconscious which succeeded and she passed out woken up as Beddune in a familiar plant with her gonoid side sitting next to her and came out to meet the unnamed ones who took her to their camp along with her gonoid side and she’s been staying in Seer’s hut out of sight not counting the days while Seer comes in to give her nourishment for her and keeps her company. He glares at her as he continues to grip her throat and speaks that River due to being unnamed one changed into Beddune must have been the one who blabbed their secrets due to that he did no such thing which is why she killed herself off as said by Beddune who told him that they found her passed away on a riverbank with her body intact and no foul play to it. He pauses to see the female shake her head in a Human style no gesture narrows his eyes in a glare continues talking that he was out sick with some trance sickness for uncounted number of days told by Beddune who found him like that soon after River was seen leaving the hut at nighttime. He glares at her as she speaks that River didn’t talk their unnamed ones’ secrets due to being one of them and it would reveal herself as one of them to the Beddune which would figure out that she was the one who executed a leader of theirs just prior to Mason taking the position and retaliate by executing her due to that Beddune has executed unnamed ones before who pull such a stunt like that River did on them as unnamed one. He recalls the forbidden secrets he read off the blanket about Amula doing operations to Beddune as baby offspring to cut off their ability to create offspring just prior to putting them in Merra kid which they come out full grown as Beddune. He continues to recall from the blanket that the Beddune having ability to fly in the air comes from being partially Drainer which the Amula knows that their females are carrying Beddune by them fainting and that the Beddune from senses cued to them drinks from within the female while carried inside to grow and that the female seems to have some kind of sickness after the Beddune is birthed out appearing to be drained partially but survives by changing into gonoid form that keeps the female alive as they recover while in gonoid form before changing back into Human. He glares at the female to explain why they have a non unnamed one leading them which he feels her gulp underneath his hand and rubs her throat with his thumb and hears from her that an unnamed one killed off the Beddune’s leader and that the Beddune retaliated by killing the wrong unnamed one which turned out to be their own leader and that the unnamed ones fought among each other for leadership till Seer yelled at them and told them that a non unnamed one would lead them and that the Beddune would have the same thing happen to them by having one who isn’t Beddune lead them as well. He hears from her that the female Pack Leader was found unconscious in the forest and Seer did everything to keep them from having her lead them by telling them off not to accept her but the unnamed ones didn’t listen and got her as their leader and she figures out why the Seer was belligerent against her because he would be forced to tell them what he saw in the future by her having an ability to detect lies and threatening him to speak the truth period. Mason pulls out but continues to keep his hand grip on her throat which he speaks that she better tell him what the Beddune said to unnamed ones that made them think he’s a blabbermouth and hears from her while gripping her wrists together with one hand that the captured Beddune said just prior to being executed off that the unnamed ones are this species called Amula said to birth Beddune and wouldn’t say how they found out despite being tortured to talk and were killed off. He speaks from memory that a female unnamed one visited the Beddune camp and fainted in front of them which he detected her carrying offspring pointed it out which her talk to the other unnamed ones in Beddune language talking about how she got expectant and then she was escorted out of the camp and haven’t been back since. He glares at her as she speaks a groaning tone that the unnamed one who fainted was her and that Beddune were detected tailing them out of their camp and that the males accompanying her couldn’t shoo away the Beddune which she fainted again and woke up in her gonoid form being carried in the forest by a male and doesn’t know what happened before her fainting. He speaks that the Beddune figured out that the unnamed ones were Amula by witnessing her birth one of them and placed into a certain plant which a Beddune came out hence they appearing to know what the Amula were trying to keep secret. He hears from her a groaning noise and then she speaks that the Amula figured that out themselves but are angry about that secret revealed and didn’t do anything till Amula came upon Beddune about to bury a dead female Beddune said to be one of the Amula before change which Mason stiffens hearing as she continues that they took the body and burned it by eater due to sensing that there was nothing could be done for that female as in bringing her back to life due to that something they used for their darts to bring down gonoids was detected off her that suggested she ate it but aren’t sure if it was by her own choice or someone forced her to eat the substance. He speaks as she pause a question of why he was brought to the Amula’s camp and three of his people executed in front of him. He glares at her continues to hold her as she speaks that the Amula were just angry and lashing out due to hearing one of their secrets blabbed by the Beddune to them along with River the Beddune have dubbed passing away from apparent killing own self death due to that the Beddune didn’t have knowledge of the substance detected that killed off River which the Amula kept hidden from them. Mason hears a familiar summoning howl sound forces the female and himself up which he thrusts her in front of him while still having a hand around her throat and hears from her that his behavior towards her won’t help the Amula drop their anger towards the Beddune. He realizes that she’s correct releases his hold on her and goes to the blanket to thrust aside part of it speaking in a rude tone seeing Amula in vicinity of a question what they want with him due to that he’s busy with his female at the moment. He glares at the Amula gathered outside who form ranges of emotions on their faces before a female speaks that Pack Leader wants him out period. He steps out and notices Amula appearing to winkle their noses at him while grimaces figures that he’s reeking of mating with that female Beddune stands with arms folded and speaks what else should he be doing while he’s out due to their pack leader’s orders. He gets in response from a male Amula speaking a forget it I’m not doing it comment before walking off followed by several Amula which he sees several scatter elsewhere till only a female is there with three males who are forming frowns on their faces staring at him. He forms a glare with his eyes glaring at the female Amula who speaks that he should get River, his River, out of the hut due to that they have to get him and her back to the Beddune. He figures that the female is named River in his River's honor but didn't realize that this River and his River were the same person back then. Mason unfolds his arms and yanks open the blanket speaking that they want her out and resumes staring at the Amula as River walks out which he hears from the female Amula to come along. He obeys sensing River having a hand on his hand which he grips gently and follows the female Amula with a male Amula in front in gonoid form along with sensing the other males are in gonoid forms escorting him out of the Amula’s camp sensing none of the Amula protesting to that along with sensing the white wolf the gonoid side is tagging along escorting him by left side while he’s holding her hand with his right hand. He doesn’t comment as the Amula lead him through the forest seemingly lengthy all over the place and scattered directions which he figures that their trying to keep him from finding their camp as they get him to the Beddune’s camp to the familiar sticks and gives off a loud howling sound followed by gesturing him to follow the path which he obeys and senses the Amula have stopped escorting him but senses that the white wolf is still escorting him and from the way of things appears to want to stick around River for awhile. He doesn’t comment goes into Beddune camp to feel River's hand off him and feels multiple hands of Beddune touching him all over his upper body and his arms while seeing them gathered around him looking like their relieved to see him. He doesn’t comment lets the Beddune reassure themselves and notices them notice her and her furry companion which he speaks that the unnamed ones gave her to him as his mate and expects no complaints about her being one of them and her furry friend hanging around. He hears nothing from the Beddune but senses that they seem to accept his words as they give him rubs by their hands on him followed by releasing their holds on him and scattering away which he reaches towards River and takes her to his hut and forces her to sit crossed legged next to him which he orders nourishment brought to the both of them saying that the unnamed ones insisted that they both have some nourishment once they arrive to the Beddune camp and clamps his mouth shut to watch as female Beddune get him bowls of food and drink which he forces himself to take his time eating and drinking due to feeling himself terribly hungry and didn’t want to make the Unnamed Ones he figured he’ll call them instead of Amula look bad to the Beddune due to that he said that they gave him a mate. He once finished feels his hunger satisfied hands back the bowls and sees River doing the same and watches the female Beddune scatter away. He hears from Guard a question of what name that they should refer to their leader’s mate which he speaks to River to say the name she was given for Beddune to call her and insists that she do it for he prefers them to hear it from her. He eyes River who speaks that her name referred by unnamed ones just prior to them handing her to the Beddune’s leader is Lilly and expects Beddune to call her that from now on. He figures that the Beddune know an Amula female in an unfavorable light and keeps his mouth shut as Guard speaks the name Lilly and adds that it’s a good name and hears nothing more from Guard which he notices her gonoid side sitting next to her curled in a ball looking like snoozing speaks what she aims to call her furry friend that is snoozing next to her. He eyes Lilly he figures he’ll refer her from now on as she looks at the white wolf and then resumes looking at him speaking that it’s a barker gonoid that has gotten attached to her by repeatedly refusing to leave her despite unnamed ones attempt to shoo the gonoid appearing to be a female away when they had her while waiting to give her to the Beddune’s leader. He continues to stare at Lilly who ads that they dubbed the gonoid Snowy but have been referring her as Snoozer for she’s turned out to be lazy and won’t do much around their camp despite their attempts to get her to do things which Snowy only has obeyed doing orders by Lilly herself and has appeared to have some kind of attachment to her by following her all over the place and snoozing in the hut she stayed in while she waited for the unnamed ones to get herself paired with a Beddune they said they would bring to her and make sure that their paired together. He doesn’t comment speaks asking Guard if he knows of any unnamed ones having names and hears from Guard that they’ve heard of one female that was named after a nature like setting just prior to being informed of her passing away and that’s about it. He figures from the voice tone that Guard is implying to River herself and not willing to want to discuss more of the subject speaks loudly what have they been doing while he was out of camp getting Lilly and hears from Guard that Ida says that they’ve kept themselves busy doing work around here while trying not to go out and search for him and the unnamed ones’ camp due to figuring out that the unnamed ones wouldn’t want them to do it and three of them didn’t heed that warning went out and haven’t been heard from but they figured that the three have passed away from senses alerting of that and figures that they got into a fight with a group of unnamed ones who brought them down due to that the unnamed ones have insisted on not to search for their camp period and will do what it takes to keep Beddune from doing it. He doesn’t comment hears Beddune howling sounds sounding in three voices followed by Beddune around him howling then silence and hears from Guard that the Amula have replaced the three killed off by the sounds of it. He hears from Lilly that the Amula from what she’s told of them from the unnamed ones that their duty bound to replace Beddune that are detected passed away and it doesn’t matter if the unnamed ones assist in the job or not which the unnamed ones wound up getting a female for the Beddune’s leader to have as companion. He hears from Guard an interesting comment which he stands up and folds his arms while looking in a direction towards huts to see three male Beddune walk into sight that pause to look at each other before walking up to him and bow towards him with a hand fisted arm crossed on their chests then straighten up their forms looking at him with arms down sides. He speaks that his name is Mason and he’s leader of the Beddune and expects Beddune loyalty from them on having him lead them. He hears from Guard as he pause that Beddune including Mason answers to the unnamed ones including those called Amula who expect loyalty from them period. He hears from one of the three Beddune that they have loyalty and will accept Mason as their leader which he dismisses them to go and watches them leave then orders Lilly to follow him into the hut which he goes inside and senses no gonoids in the hut while in there followed by Lilly. He inside hears from Lilly that the unnamed ones warned her that the Beddune have powerful hearing and can hear what’s said inside huts very easily which he cuts her off by kissing her on the lips along with putting hands on her shoulders. He hears her give off a mm sound which he cuts off the kissing putting hands on her cheeks and mentally speaks to her that any new male Beddune arrives in camp Mason himself has to mate with his female to show that she’s his due to that Beddune have an odd way of acting towards females who have already been paired with a male that haven’t yet mated with. He sees her eyes narrow with a frown in them continues that he got this from how the male Beddune acted around him and his previous female just prior to him mating with her and figures that they’ll pull the same stunt again as in targeting her to mate with despite her paired with him. He sees her eyes become more narrowed as he kisses her on the lips and puts hands on her shoulders then breaks off the kiss to put her down on the ground him on top and makes a lot of noises while mating with her and hears her making noises too as they both mate and once spilling inside her gives off a roaring noise then once done pulls out to pull her up to stand. He mentally tells her that he has to show strength by leaving the hut soon after mating due to doing that before with his previous female just to assert his leadership ability on the Beddune and flaunt himself to the males. Mason leaves the hut after his talk followed by Lilly which he sits down crossed legged and senses her doing the same followed by her giving off a hmm sound which he eyes her fiddling with the knitting sticks and ball of string and hears the familiar clicking noises as he looks away looking around the camp at the Beddune doing their business as the sun above he senses moves two positions. He hears a bark sound along with a growl sounding from Snowy the barker gonoid looks at Lilly to see nervousness in her eyes as she pauses from knitting which he continues to stare seeing her resume knitting in a slow pace followed by a familiar howling sound which he looks to see a female Unnamed One standing between huts with three wolves who walk up to him as he stands. He frowns seeing that the female has some glare on her face who walks up to him and pause speaking in Beddune language to explain why the Beddune have some friendship with the Drainers due to witnessing a Drainer travel globe come from the vicinity of their camp and wants an explanation why the Beddune never mentioned this to her species on visits to the Beddune’s camp. Mason hears from Guard an excuse me comment along with saying that the Unnamed Ones never asked about the Drainers or brought them up to the Beddune and didn’t say any orders to the Beddune about the Drainers or any other manoid species that they contact and how to handle them. He sees the female give off growling noises sounding angry followed by the wolves changing into Human men two who restrain her by hands on her arms and the third covers her eyes while glaring at him. Mason frowns as the male covering the female’s eyes speaks demanding to know why the Beddune have a friendly relationship with the Drainers which he again hears from Guard that Unnamed Ones introduced the Drainers to the Beddune by capturing a Drainer threatening one of the Unnamed Ones and having Beddune assisting the Drainer with a problem which the Beddune did that and as for the friendship it was figured out that the Drainers despite being bloody essence drinkers wouldn’t feed off manoid species they see as their allies hence the friendship in the first place. He hears from Guard add that the Drainers have been given the location of a meeting spot near their camp where there’s two tree limbs crossed together which Drainers must arrive there to give off noises announcing their arrival and wait for Beddune to arrive and acknowledge them including giving them permission to enter their camp to talk to their leader which has been going on for awhile and stopped when the sky turned cloudy looking for a long time with no warning on weather change abruptly and Beddune haven’t been near the Drainers’ castle due to some sense warning them to stay away along with fighting with each other for leadership after an Unnamed One killed off their leader which another Unnamed One with odd eyes of the cloud arrived alone accompanied with some barker gonoid and told them that a non Beddune wearing what Beddune wears would lead them settling the fighting argument. He frowns as Guard stops talking to eye the male Unnamed One who stops glaring to look at the other Unnamed Ones to see one put a hand on top of the female Unnamed One’s head rubbing it and sees her form shift into a wolf which one of the males pick up with arms underneath it and holds the gonoid as it appears to have fallen asleep in his arm holds. Mason eyes the male Unnamed Ones which one speaks that they’ll be back at the appropriate time and watches them leave out of sight passed huts which he turns towards Lilly who is knitting away to eye Snowy looking in a direction the Unnamed Ones left before resuming curling in a ball and sleeping. He speaks to Lilly a don’t tell him that Snowy has a some sense when it comes to detecting Unnamed Ones coming near her when hanging around Lilly herself. He narrows her eyes as Lilly appears to ignore his words by continuing knitting and eyes her seeing that her knitting is erratic along with seeing her form appearing to shake figures that his hunch is correct regarding Snowy and that Lilly doesn’t want to admit it due to being an Unnamed One before changing into Beddune. Mason gives off a growling sound very loudly while glaring at Lilly who halts her knitting to throw it in front of her to get up and he gets in her way blocking her walk towards the hut entrance speaking in a firm tone that males enter and leave first period. He sees her eyes narrow with some annoyed expression in them as he repeats his words in a firm tone while adding from memory that poisonous gonoids have gotten into the huts unnoticed and undetected and that the camp is part of gonoids’ territorial ground which some are said to be dangerous to Beddune causing sicknesses that sometimes puts them down on a permanent basis. He doesn’t get a comment from Lilly hears Snowy give off her familiar noises forces his female to sit down and thrusts the knitting needles at her who grips which he stands eyes on the huts to see Unnamed Ones arrive that pause from walking before walking up to him speaking that he wasn’t surprised to see them hears from Lilly that it was Snowy who warned them and sees one of the wolves change into a male Human who throws a knife and sees it hit home on Snowy who becomes limp along with hearing nothing from Lilly in response. He glares at the female Unnamed One who speaks that when she comes back she expects this female Beddune dead only to hear growling noises of Beddune looks to spot the males gathered behind the Unnamed Ones that have threatening gestures with their hands and bodies which he feels stinging pain in his front upper body falls unconscious to dream of the male Beddune attacking the Unnamed Ones and sees them dart away in wolf forms only to see one get speared to death as the others escape which he watches as one male goes up to Lilly to grab her by the throat raising her up to stand that females in presence of the Unnamed Ones are required to be seen and not heard along with ordering Beddune to haul Mason himself into the hut which he sees the scene go black. He comes to finding himself alone in the hut and figures that Lilly is in the stocks leaves the hut to see its night time and gets blocked by an Anaconda that whacks its head on his body as he takes a step forwards towards the stocks which he backs up going inside the hut to sit crossed legged and bows his head to astral project himself seeing hanging around the stocks are two Wolverines that are fighting with each other which he notices another one nearby that isn’t fighting but sitting and figures that males are fighting for females again. He stops astral projecting when he feels a hand on his shoulder to jerk open his eyes seeing the hand’s owner is a male Unnamed One that makes him angry enough to get up grabbing the male by the throat and punching him hard in the stomach. He hears the male gag out that he wants to talk which he stops the attack and backs up with arms folded to see the male shift form into a familiar male he recognizes as the Naran who places a hand on his shoulder and speaks that the Amula or whatever name their calling themselves and the Beddune can’t be enemies of each other period due to both species whether they admit it or not have a connection that is keeping each other alive. He feels the Naran’s hand become digging into his shoulder feeling like a familiar knife blade to him sees the scene become black wakes up with a jerk finding himself stripped of the Beddune suit lying on the ground near a familiar plant and there’s three Unnamed Ones leaning over him one digging a knife in his shoulder which he knocks aside and throws himself up to stand in an acrobatic move and growls some nonsense sound while glaring at the Unnamed Ones which he discovers its night time due to the night vision in his eyes which one of the Unnamed Ones speaks in foreign language he finds himself understanding what are they supposed to do with him due to that he’s awake and uncivilized. He doesn’t speak glares at the males as another speaks in foreign language a knock him out command which the Unnamed Ones charge at him. He finds himself defending himself from their charge by using body movements that his body is doing without thinking of doing it till all three are unconscious on the ground see the Merra kid plant darts inside to lie down and hears the familiar voice speaking familiar words telling him to chant his words which he obeys finding himself getting covered by liquid along with swallowing it till he passed out unconscious. 

Mason comes to finding himself wearing the Beddune clothes and that the sun is shining from an opening in the plant which he gets up and walks out sensing himself watched and figures that its Unnamed Ones he senses follow him to the Beddune’s camp which he find the familiar path but the sticks aren’t there and eyes the ground to see that there’s pieces of twigs that makes him think it was the sticks which he walks into Beddune camp without making any noises to see two Beddune armed with spears in front of the leader hut which one notices him gives off a familiar howling noise that sounds like the summoning howl which he walks to near them and sees a male Beddune leave the hut and doesn’t talk as the male Beddune speaks that he’s Beddune leader and wants Mason he names’ loyalty. 
He doesn’t comment in response sees Lilly come stumbling out of the hut to kneel which he speaks a question “Did you touch my female?” 
He hears from the male “I touch any female I want” which he repeats his question and hears growling noises from the guards noticing them pointing their spears aimed at him. 
He hears nothing from the male who appears to have nervousness in his eyes which he speaks that Lilly is his and emphasizes his words referring her as his along with using the words my female which he walks by the male who backs up and goes to Lilly picking her up carrying her and walks out of Beddune camp to his familiar spiny tree which he jumps up flying up and lands on a thick tree branch which he walks till the branch meets the tree trunk then sits back on the trunk. Mason adjusts Lilly till she’s straddling him and hears an oh sound from her in a pleasant tone as he moves her to move himself inside her with hands on her hips holding her in place. He sighs from that to move Lilly with hands on her hips up and down his sensitive part feeling charges of pleasure from that while sensing themselves watched which he figures is Beddune doing it nearby and ignores it to continue mating with her. He gives off a roar once he spills himself inside Lilly as she gives off a loud moan sound. 
He keeps his hands on her hips as she speaks “He stung when he did that to me.” 
Mason doesn’t comment in response tightens his hold on Lilly’s hips to rant to himself “Mine, mine, mine” uncaring if he spoke it out loud or not.
He hears a familiar howling noise recognizes as Unnamed One talk for get out of the tree which he ignores while sensing the watched feeling has stopped to put hands on Lilly’s back and leans her against him feeling her hands touch his chest and senses from her hand’s movements that she’s feeling the scars there and senses that she’s not surprised about it ignores that to figure out that River or the Beddune must have said something to the Unnamed Ones about it again hears the Unnamed Ones’ familiar howl talk get out of the tree again along with another howling noise that he hears is Unnamed Ones’ language talk he hears is his name spoken hears Lilly speak that the Unnamed Ones detected them both in the tree and want them both out of it by the noises their making. He groans pull out of Lilly while adjusting her form to carry her as he gets up to stand and walks on the tree branch to jump off and uses his legs’ movements to land safely finding three male Unnamed Ones standing there which he places Lilly down to stand and keeps a hand on her shoulder while eyeing the Unnamed Ones who have annoyances on their faces. He doesn’t say a word as one points a finger at him and speaks not in Beddune language but in Unnamed One language to come with them to the Beddune’s camp and insists that he do it. He finds himself understanding their words frowns as to walk to the Beddune’s camp followed by the Unnamed Ones to see a group of Unnamed Ones are there with a female who doesn’t seem surprised to see him and his arrival which he keeps a hand on Lilly’s shoulder as he walks up to the female Unnamed One who looks his way and speaks in Beddune language she wants an explanation to Mason’s attitude towards a female Beddune as in defying the leader for declaring her as his and not appearing to be loyal towards the leader. He doesn’t comment in response hears from the female Unnamed One to talk which he folds his arms and doesn’t say anything which the female in response orders him to fight three Beddune which three stepped forwards towards him and finds himself defending from their attack. He feels mist thrown in his face feels sleepiness finds himself knocked off his feet and kneeling to feel elbows hitting him on the head that makes him become more sleepier which he passes out unconscious to dream of peering through the branches above the camp to see himself lying on the ground. He continues to dream as Lilly yells in a loud voice a comment saying that the fighters cheated by throwing sleeper meds in Mason’s face so he’ll lose judging by his movements before he was knocked out. He gets from the female Unnamed One in response a kill her comment and sees Lilly grabbed by male Unnamed ones one is holding a knife towards her as he finds his body jerking into a sitting up position and getting up with an acrobatic move to charge with blurring speed move towards the male Unnamed Ones knocking them aside and grabs Lilly in a hug to find himself back into his body holding her and glares at the female Unnamed One who rolls her eyes and faints which he eyes her abdomen to see it looks swollen figures she’s having a baby which he see the males pull out after adjusting her clothes and one of them removes their shirt to keep the baby hidden. He eyes the male Unnamed one that has shirt removed to see that the knives are appearing to be attached to arms from the looks of it. He glares at them as the male Unnamed Ones haul the female Unnamed One that changed into a gonoid out of camp along with one holding the baby. He glares at the remaining Unnamed Ones as one point a finger at him and speaks in Beddune language that this isn’t over with and that they’ll be back. Mason glares at the Unnamed Ones as they leave the camp going out of sight which he shifts to glare at the three Beddune to hear one of them say that their Beddune leader and want Mason’s loyalty period. Mason feels Lilly’s hug hold around him tighten which he looks away not saying a word only to hear a twig snapping sound to find Aiden standing between huts that throws away sticks and glares at the Drainer to find he’s not alone for there’s two other Drainers next to him one looking like Jimo and figures that the other is Torrin from witnessing him seated in the Drainer King’s chair at the Drainers’ castle. He gets from Aiden that he’s coming along to the castle and their prepared to haul him there whether he goes willingly or not. He feels Lilly stop holding him which he takes her arm and feels her resists but speaks to her that he’s not leaving her here to be targeted by Beddune due to their problem with him. He gets nothing from Lilly as he hauls her towards the Drainers finding Aiden walking away which he follows sensing Jimo and Torrin following behind him. He reaches the broken X twigs clearing to find Jimo is the one who does the globe which he gets inside with Lilly and finds it travels to the Drainers’ castle which he’s thrust inside by Torrin pushing him and doesn’t protest as he’s pushed into the Drainers’ throne room to face the Drainer king. He hears Aiden translating talk on what excuse the Beddune have to say for not warning the Drainers that the Amula the Drainers drank from poisoned themselves and now there’s several Drainers down with sickness some already dead from that stunt while the other sick Drainers are currently dying at the moment and there’s nothing to be done about healing them. He doesn’t comment in response as Aiden continues translating that Mason he names was seen backing out of the room with Beddune while eyeing the Amula lying on the ground in their gonoid forms which indicated that he knew of the Amula poisoning themselves and Drainers fed on them dying from some medical illness. Mason keeps his mouth shut as Aiden continues to translate that he better have a good excuse for this stunt. He speaks that Amula according to Beddune lore originated the Beddune species and that the Beddune answer to them period. He doesn’t say anything else as Aiden sounds like translating his words then Aiden speaks translating that the latest stunt by the Amula has Drainers declared the species their enemies and they will do the same to any species who has allied themselves with them. He continues to hear from Aiden that Mason as leader of the Beddune will be punished for that stunt due to that the Drainers consider the Beddune their allies and is furious that Mason betrayed them to their enemies the Amula. He doesn’t comment in response as he finds his arm grabbed and glares at the Drainer Torrin who speaks that he’s just taking the both of them to the brig where the Drainer King will think of a suitable punishment later. He doesn’t protest keeps a hand on Lilly’s arm as Torrin keeps a hand on his arm hauls him to a cell and thrusts him inside with Lilly which she hugs him. He eyes Torrin that stares at him from behind the cell gates that speaks that Merra hasn’t been answering summons from Drainers instead have told the Drainer King that she’s busy with a problem at the moment and can’t talk after he summoned her to talk while ignoring other Drainers’ summons and she sounded annoyed according to the Drainer King which he ordered Drainers to stop summoning Merra for now until she talks to them then they can do it. He doesn't comment in response watches Torrin leave which he and Lilly go to a bench to sit and he mates with her straddling him while sensing himself watched. He ignores the watcher to finish mating with Lilly then once done leans his back against the wall while holding Lilly in a hug. He feels tired shuts his eyes to come to hearing a Drainer howl sound and Lilly is gone from him which he discovers is outside the cell held up by Torrin in a choke hold while she’s struggling to breathe. He feels rage gets up and gets a rage episode to come to finding himself still in the cell holding onto Lilly hugging him and she’s crying. He doesn’t comment a response continues to hold Lilly till he hears a loud bang looks off his left to find the cell gate open and Aiden is there that snarls in some growling tone for him to get out and hit the throne room which he obeys to find two Beddune both males there which one oaths that the Drainers have their loyalty. He frowns as Aiden translates Drainer talk saying that Mason is free to go which he follows the Beddune out of the room and out of the castle. He picks up Lilly and carries her while following Beddune to their camp and finds that the two Beddune lied on their oath to the Drainers by seeing Unnamed Ones there and that Beddune in question speaking about the oath and not keeping it to the Unnamed Ones. Mason gets told by female Unnamed One that Lilly she names belongs to Beddune Leader period and she’s his for him to do what he wants which he feels angry hearing that steps on a twig accidentally while putting Lilly on the ground from holding her to charge towards the female Unnamed One to grab her by the neck and hold her up. He feels familiar knife pains from the Unnamed Ones throwing knives at him all over and from the female Unnamed One jabbing her knives on his arm while holding her up in a choke hold. He ignores the pain finding himself welcoming it till he feels sleepiness drops the Unnamed One and collapsed onto the ground going unconscious. 

He comes too finding himself in the stocks and feeling anger taking control while sensing Lilly is in distress from the weather elements frees himself from the stocks to go to Beddune Leader’s hut to find Lilly inside shivering which he adjusts the blanket to keep out the wind and gets his form on top of Lilly while mating with her hearing her comment an oh sound and nothing more which he once done pulls out and keeps his form on top of her sensing his body heat is keeping her warm. He shuts his eyes falling asleep and comes to hearing the summoning howl sound while sensing the male Beddune in the hut with him and Lilly is gone gets up with Lilly getting out to get told off that Lilly is his period and he should stay away from her and that his loyalty to Beddune Leader is letting the leader have Lilly period. He feels angry to hear Ida’s angry voice sounding firm insisting on the three of them to sit and take in nourishment period which he obeys and finds himself terribly hungry enough to take in all the nourishment in the bowls. He notices a female Beddune standing nearby looking angry which he figures is Ida. He doesn’t comment in response as he gets up along with the male Beddune Leader to hear the male declare Lilly as his and wants Mason’s loyalty and proof of that is to give him Lilly period. He feels his anger take control grabs the male by the neck in a fast blurring speed move and lifts him up throwing a fist into the frontal area repeatedly not caring where it lands till Ida’s angry voice cuts in his punching ordering him to put Foolish she names the Beddune down period and uses the or else words which he obeys to hear Lilly give off sneezing sounds feels rage and throws a fist into the male’s front who bends down groaning. He hears from Ida sounding angry telling him off on punching Foolish which he obeys to stare at her seeing anger in her eyes which she adds that the Guardian reported Lilly appearing to have the shivers during Beddune sleep cycle which Mason’s body helped her stop getting further sicker. He continues to hear from Ida that Foolish can have Lilly during the sun time when Beddune are awake but Mason can have Lilly during Beddune sleep cycle due to that Weather reports that its this time of cycle when someone would get shivers from not having the sun up and he’s predicting that the shivers’ case would be lengthy for awhile. Mason hears from Foolish that he doesn’t agree to this but get interrupted by Ida sounding firm and calm instead of angry that she means it with her words due to that the Guardian saw that Lilly was suffering from the shivers and that the body belonging to Foolish didn’t seem to help her with her sickness due to the way she was all over him before giving off sounds of distress which Mason answered her call and helped her from that due to appearing to unaffected from the weather elements judging by his behavior and seemingly not sick at all. Mason hears Lilly give off another sneeze aims his fist towards Foolish who notices that only to get halted by Ida speaking his name and telling him off to not to punch Foolish period. Mason feels annoyed but obeys to fold his arms feeling himself annoyed as Ida adds that Mason should be in a hut sleeping period and insists that he go into a hut which he sees her point to one and figures it’s the one he should be sleeping in goes to it and gets inside to pace feeling himself getting angry with the situation to give off a roaring noise only to feel mist thrown in his face which he finds a male Beddune there in the hut with him. Mason falls asleep hits the ground and shuts his eyes passing out unconscious only to come to feeling himself on top of a female body he recognizes as Lilly’s and feels like mating with her proceeds to do it with no protest from her. He mates and during it senses himself being watched figures its daylight and Foolish is spying on them then clamps a hand over her mouth and speaks to her that he doesn’t give a care whether Foolish he names stung her or not and doesn’t want to hear it from her anymore. Mason figures that Lilly saying that comment of Foolish stinging her is insulting to him finds she not protesting to it removes the hand from her mouth to her forehead and whispers using a firm tone the command of sleep and sees his order obeyed finding her sleeping. He adjusts his position till he’s out of her along with adjusting her legs till his body is mostly covering her which he adjusts position to shift his head and stares at Foolish seated crossed legged nearby. He hears from Foolish loudly a comment of wanting Ida. He speaks that since Foolish he names was appointed Beddune leader he should be using his position to get Ida to him whom he hears from Foolish that this order doesn’t work anyway and doesn’t hear an explanation of why it doesn’t work. Mason frowns as he hears the familiar summoning howl finds Foolish not getting up speaks to the Beddune that when he was leader and in a hut if the Beddune wanted him out of the hut they would give off a loud noise like what they heard and sees his words register in Foolish who gets up darting out of the hut. Mason shifts his head towards Lilly lying asleep sensing that the daylight temperatures is warm enough for her to sleep without him lying on top of her which he removes his form and sits crossed legged while staring at her. He again hears the summoning howl feels annoyed to get up walking out of the hut to see Unnamed Ones there to find the female Unnamed One and Ida he hears in a middle of an argument arguing about who Beddune Leader who they refer to Foolish should have as a mate. He folds his arms to glare at them listening to them argue Ida talking about Beddune Leader wanting her as said by him and female Unnamed One arguing back that that its not proper for that to happen which he feels angry gives off a roaring noise that halts their argument to find them both looking at him with annoyance in their eyes. He hears from the female Unnamed One that Mason she names doesn’t get it the lesson she’s trying to teach him and finds it annoying that he’s not easily getting it despite his attitude towards her and her people. He hears from Ida sounding annoyed speaking to his defense that he gets it what the Unnamed One is trying to teach him and hates it judging by his behavior and attitude towards them. He hears the female Unnamed One tell Ida off that she doesn’t have to defend Mason anyway as he senses Lilly behind him abruptly turns around sideways to look at her sensing she woke up by herself. He hears from the Unnamed One a sarcastic comment that Mason isn’t getting it about River which he jerks getting a headache while putting hands on his forehead recalling what happened to River. He realizes with shock that Lilly and River are the same female that River survived her poisoning death attempt which he's not sure of how she did that. He also recalled that he used his own voice onto himself to forget River and her death attempt right in front of Unnamed Ones in his presence. Mason remembering gives off a loud groaning sound and feels angry figuring out why the female Unnamed One was picking on him due to that she’s the one who saw River die in front of him and heard him say that he’ll forget about her death hence she mentioning something about teaching him a lesson. He gives off a growling sound and loses himself to his rage to yank hands off his forehead and stares at Unnamed Ones feeling himself angry attacks the males with blurring speed knocking them unconscious by the fist hitting their heads by behind and attacks the female by grabbing her head from behind and hears her give off a sound of surprise which he snarls a growling sound. He thinks he should kill this Unnamed One only to hear a female voice sounding familiar urging him not to kill the Unnamed One and uses pleading which he finds himself hesitating on the killing but keeps hands on the female’s head. He thrusts out a knee and gets the struggling Unnamed One female to kneel and hears a female voice speaking angry ordering him to remember what he forgot about someone named River which he hears the familiar female voice plead for him to do it which he obeys using his voice talent to do it and releases the Unnamed One to step back shutting his eyes while putting a hand on his forehead growling loudly as memories of his time with River flashes in his mind along with her own death attempt. He also stiffened to realize that Lilly and River are the same female to his shock. He stiffens realizing that he fell into some mindless state put into it by the Unnamed Ones while trying to do something about River and allowed his mind to give him images that put him in some trance status that he couldn’t get out of till his body recovered from River’s near death attempt which he senses that its part of nature’s way for manoids to suffer the loss of a mate by feeling pain in their bodies that’ll knock them out unconscious for as long as it takes till their recovered fully. He hears a male Beddune voice ordering Lilly to go to Mason he names and let him know what he should know happened to him. Mason removes his hand to feel a hand touching his cheek he feels pleasure from and pushes his cheek into the hand. He doesn’t protest as a female body hugs him abruptly giving him pleasure which he keeps his eyes shut and puts hands fisted on his sides and feels her Lilly he assumes grip him in a tight hug while hearing her talking his name repeatedly over and over in some voice tone sounding firm. He jerks open his eyes to find himself staring at a female Beddune with Human like eyes of brown that is hugging him who stops chanting his name and speaks telling him to go into the hut with her for a private talk which he obeys finding she sounds serious which inside he gets asked by her if he remembers anything involving her. He recalls how she got into his life speaks the memory clearly to her and finds she confirming it by speaking that and then hugs him abruptly which he feels pleasure from the hug leans his face against the side of her head who doesn’t protest to that. He frowns as he feels her hand get between them and land on his sensitive part gripping the area making him feel hard enough to want to mate puts hands on her back and lowers them both onto the ground him on top and removes his hands putting them on her sides whiles staring at her in the eyes seeing she has a sexual look in them. Mason feels himself guided inside her and rolls his eyes from the feeling of her surrounding his sensitive part which he thrusts in rhythm feeling her meeting his movements while feeling charges of pleasure hitting him each time he entered her and with a loud roar spills himself inside her feeling intense charge hitting him and collapses on top of her feeling himself much better from the mating. He feels her hands rubbing his head in a gentle movement as he adjusts his position to raise himself a bit and stares at her in the eyes seeing she has a worried expression in them. Mason frowns eyeing Lilly as her hands go to his cheeks rubbing which he leans down and kisses her on the lips and feels her lips move to his lips movements seemingly lengthy and hears the familiar summoning howl which he feels Lilly to his regret breaks off the kissing and speaking that they are being summoned out. He gets up pulling out of Lilly and pulls her up to stand which he goes out of the hut to stand with arms folded finding Unnamed Ones there who look like their having head pain by them all rubbing their heads with a hand. He eyes the female who points a finger aimed at him and calls him Beddune Leader and says he better not do what he did again if anyone dies in his presence for it’s not good to deny the death that happened. He doesn’t comment and sees the female point a finger at a Beddune male calling him Moods that he and the males are not to challenge Mason for the leadership position and not question why she had leadership exchanged and restored to Mason. He keeps his mouth shut as the female points a finger aimed at him and speaks that he got the lesson she’s trying to teach him and says that they’ll be back which he watches Unnamed Ones leave gets ordered by Ida to sit down due to that he needs to do it which he doesn’t protest seeing a glare in a female Beddune’s eyes aimed at him which he obeys sensing Lilly sitting next to him and hears Ida order nourishment to be brought to Beddune Leader and his female which he finds her order obeyed and finds himself terribly hungry and thirsty eats all the food and liquid in a fast motion and once done hands back the bowls to the female who handed him the bowls and then sits as a glaring female orders Moods to come with her which he watches a male follow the female into a hut seeing its not the females’ main hut where they stay from the looks of it. 

End Tale of Mason

Epilogue

Mason paused from talking his story hearing silence from Lilly and her knitting including around the camp. He felt Lilly's hand on his shoulder shaking him making him confused which he looked at her. She was standing over him as the night sky blared overhead illuminated by eaters scattered around the camp. 
Mason frowned as she spoke "Its time for you to go to sleep. You told the story to whoever willing to listen including putting the offsprings to sleep who fell asleep in front of you. You were just into a trance from the way you were speaking the story ignoring the dwindling audience."
Mason sighed despite still clad in his Beddune clothes with his mask still covering his face while eyeing Lilly who removed his hand and got her jabbing a finger aimed at a hut he noticed a pair of Beddune males lying in front of it appearing to be sleeping. He sighed and got up without a word left the camp fire with Lilly taking his hand. He didn't protest as hand and hand he and Lilly went to the hut to go to it finding it had the words of Pack Leader on the front of it in Unnamed Ones' written language. He sighed again and paused once in front of the hut to find two barker gonoids snoozing nearby the male Beddune which one appeared to be Jenna and the other appeared to be Snowy still alive. He spoke loudly ignoring he was eavesdropped "Lilly, what happened to that Shadonian that was Pack Leader anyway?"
He frowned while eyeing Lilly in the eyes that place hands onto the back of his neck while standing in front of him and she spoke "After Edenia left Terrania leaving the planet as it is now, that Shadonian I'm told ran off into the forest and hasn't been seen since. The Unnamed Ones have said they don't want to hunt for her or have anything to do with her. I suspect they finally got the future that Patrick was trying to tell them regarding who'll be Pack Leader. Pity that Patrick is still containing himself inside his hut and refusing to come out that his own barker gonoid gave up onto him and has been hanging around my own barker gonoid Snowy herself."
Mason sighed softly and gently kissed Lilly on the lips only to hear an ahem sound which he broke off the kiss to hear a gasp from her. He frowned to find Patrick the teenager Human with Shadonian eyes standing nearby them and not inside his hut as belligerently said to people. 
Mason frowned while eyeing Patrick warily who spoke in response "Ancient Ones are coming."
He sighed hearing the far away voice of Patrick to find the future teller shaking his head and without a word went to his hut to sit in front of it and appeared to be asleep while sitting crossed legged with head bowed. 
He sighed again as Lilly was heard speaking "Just another riddle of the future we'll have to figure out what's Patrick means. He never fully explains what he sees but only gives riddles period. The Unnamed Ones confessed to me that they had him give explanations via that Shadonian but now their fed up with it and have refused to hear of it. Just prefer him to speak in riddles."
Mason noticed Jenna lying nearby Snowy gave up a whistle sound to get both barker gonoids awake and perking their ears up. 
He spoke loudly and firm "Jenna, go to your master now."
Mason frowned as Jenna got up and without a bark went up towards him to rub her side onto his leg he sighed as he heard loudly "Jenna chose who she wants as her master period like she did with me."
He sighed finding Patrick was looking in his direction giving him a smirk followed by resuming a sleeping position with head bowed and still in his crossed legged position. Groaning Mason rubbed Jenna who panted happily as Snowy joined her and demanded her own rubs. He sighed and got Lilly giving him a glare and jabbing a finger towards the hut. Mason sighed and without a word went into the hut sensing Lilly joining him with the barker gonoids remaining outside. 
Once inside the hut he stood eyeing Lilly who spoke "Shouldn't you be sleeping? The Guardian is insisting that you need rest like a leader who needs rest to lead us."
Mason sighed again and heard Lilly giving off a sneeze sound which he got her to lie down and laid his form on top of her. He felt her hands rubbing his upper chest and shoulders as she gave up a sleeping sound of yawning to him making him yawn. 
He didn't protest as Lilly shut her eyes and he heard blaring in his mind "Nighty night, Mason."
Mason stiffened from the unfamiliar voice of the Meritanian blaring in his mind after a lengthy silence as he felt sleepiness shut his eyes and thought to himself "Terrania will evolve and move on from whatever challenges thrown at her. I should take her example and do the same with Lilly at my side."
Mason smiled as he found himself passing out unconscious. 

The End
