Ice-Ghost
Copyright 2014 Gilbert Pangelina
Published by Gilbert Pangelina at Smashwords
Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
~ The Rink~
Christy is an advancing figure skater who diligently practices every night of the week. She is often the last to leave the rink. By unusual circumstances, this night her mother was late picking her up. There was a phone call and her coach Michele Tan, had to leave the rink. “I’ll be right back”, she called out to Christy. This left Christy in the freedom of an empty rink. Happy to be on the ice alone, Christy, exuberantly ran through her routine, ending with her most daring feat, “The Triple Lutz.”
As Christy skated she prepared herself with slow steady breaths and a reminder, “remember now, drive-accelerate-hop, outside-edge and vault”, and off she went. Reaching a desired speed she turned backward and glided on one skate. With the toe of her other skate, she vaulted herself into the air. Rotating magnificently she felt and heard the air whirl past her ears.
Twirling in the air she felt as if she had just launched herself to the moon. A perfect ten, she thought. She was ecstatic, but as she landed the tooth of her blade dug into the ice and she fell. Something went wrong. She slid several feet on the ice before every-thing went blank.
When she woke up there was a boy, or perhaps he was older, standing beside her. On his head was a small purple cap that looked like an elf’s cap, minus the pointed curved top. There were two thin gold stripes that circled around the cap. On his neck was a silver chain that tucked into his shirt. He wore a thick purple tunic that went a few inches below his waist. There were several vine designs woven into his sleeves. There was a brown utility belt strapped around his waist. He had brown high-front trousers and brown boots. Attached to the boots were ice-skates. His hair had a very faint earth color to it and his skin was oddly pale. There were no discernible signs of expression on his face as he reached his hand out to hers.
She hesitantly accepted it—after all, he was a stranger. As she got to her feet, Christy, noticed that the far end of the ice-rink now seemed oddly darkened.
“How odd”, she thought, “everyone has left, and where is my mother?”
She looked towards the end of the rink and whispered to herself, “here is yet another mystery. The end of the rink has a darkness that seems to lead to nowhere, or maybe some-where! How strange! So strange!”
Christy had two mysteries in front of her: the boy and the oddly darkened rink. She stood next to him looking and wondered, where had he come from.
The boy had heard her whispers. Somewhere or somehow, she felt as though she had met him before.
“Hello,” said Christy, “and thank you.”
The boy smiled cautiously. Christy continued, “I thought I was the only one left at the rink.”
He cautiously smiled and shook his head no.
Christy then asked, “Who are you?” and he courteously answered.
“Some call me Ice-Ghost, but I have other names.”
She replied, “Oh…Are you giving me a riddle?”
With a disconcerted look he answered, “No, but it’s a long story and we don’t have that much time.”
“What time don’t we have?” she asked. “And why are you answering my questions with riddles?” 
~ A Different World~
As Christy spoke, somewhere in the dark distance she thought she heard a young girl calling for help. She turned to face the darkness and listened. As her eyes adjusted to the darkness, she began to notice that there were many tall, dark silhouettes just ahead of them. She saw that they were trees. She looked inquisitively at the trees and thought, that’s odd, but I don’t remember that there were ever paintings of trees in our ice-skating rink. She slowly skated towards them and discovered that they were not paintings at all. The trees were indeed real. They were old, thick and gnarled. They had long, dark branches that seemed to be covered with moss.
How could this be? she thought. She couldn’t help but notice that the end of the rink seemed to have no visible ending to it. Rather than being scared, Christy had become fascinated by this new turn of events. Pulled by the chain of her own curiosity, she decided to skate into the dark void.
“Don’t go…” was all Christy heard from the Ice-Ghost.
As she skated into this dark new world, she again heard the voice of the little girl calling out. This time the girl’s voice seemed much closer. Further into the darkness she went. The ice below her feet became as smooth as glass. She felt as if she were just floating over the ice. She could feel no wind as she continued to skate.
Then something strange and unexpected happened. The further she went into this new place, the lighter her surroundings became. Finally, she skated into daylight. As she looked around, all that she could see was ice and snow. There were many trees, some very large, others not so much. What they all had in common was that they were all covered with ice and snow.
The ground she stood on was more like a sheet of ice. Snow banks scattered the landscape. Nearby were small ice tee-pees and igloos. All of the ice tee-pees and igloos had a whitish blue exterior, but no one appeared to live in them. In the far distance was a mountain. It was both very wide and stood very tall. The top of the mountain was covered in fog. It seemed like only a minute had gone by when the Ice-Ghost came skating up to her.
“Finally,” he said, “I have found you, but now we must get out of here—the sooner the better.”
“What do you mean finally, I just left you less than a minute ago.”
“No,” he said, “It has been several hours that I have searched for you, but I’ll explain that later.”
Christy looked puzzled. She was about to ask the Ice-Ghost what he meant by that, when she again heard the voice of the little girl again. Imploringly Christy urged, “We must go and see what is wrong”
But the Ice-Ghost fervently warned against it, shouting, “Stop, it could be a trap!”
Disbelievingly, Christy laughed light-heartedly. “A trap, don’t be so worried. No one would want to trap me. No one knows I am here. Where ever here is. That just couldn’t be.” 
~ The Land of True Ice ~
As Christy continued to skate, she heard the young girl’s voice call out again and again. She followed the voice until it led her to an ice-bush that stood in front a snow bank. From behind the bush the voice called out. Christy stopped in front of the bush and spoke. “Hello, is there someone in there?”
Once again, she heard the voice from behind the ice bush. “Help me, help.” Just as Christy was about to circle around the bush, out skated a small figure. It was a small, thin Ice-Dwarf, who looked at least seventy-five years old. He wore a blue-and-white striped pointed cap and had a thin, scraggly white beard. His jacket collar was white, while the rest of it was a light blue. He wore light blue trousers with a wide black belt.
Bracketed onto his feet were his skates. He approached Christy with a wide pleasant smile. As he looked down at the ice skates the girl wore, his smile became different. Christy noticed this and wondered what the sudden change had meant.
The dwarf bowed. “Welcome to the land of True Ice.”
Christy smiled for a moment, then stopped. “Was that you who was calling for help?”
“Indeed it was,” said the dwarf.
Embarrassed, Christy said, “But your voice sounds as if it was that of a child! A young child is who I thought you were.”
“I am a snow dwarf and that is often how we sound in distress. Our voices can become very high.”
With a concerned look on her face she asked, “Oh, why were you in distress?” “My beard has been tangled in this bush for hours, but I am now free.”
Not knowing what to say next she asked, “Why do you call this, The Land of True Ice?”
The dwarf replied, “It is because this ice has been here since the beginning.”
“Since the beginning of what?”
“Since the beginning, that’s all that I can tell you, but that should be more than enough,” the dwarf replied.
~ The Gambit~
From behind Christy stepped the Ice-Ghost, who said, “Christy come quick, we need to leave immediately. This is, Gloo, and he is one of the witch’s henchmen.”
Christy, with a great look of concern on her face, replied, “W-w-what? W-w-witch! What do you mean?” She laughed nervously and said, “Witches, there are no such things as witches, are there, Ice-Ghost?”
After saying this, Christy came to another sudden realization, her acquaintance’s name was Ice-Ghost. She pondered this for a brief moment then dismissed it.
She turned around and said, “But he looks so harmless, why would you say such things?”
Gloo looked up at Ice-Ghost and said, “Well if it isn’t the Ice-Ghost. Tell me, Ghost, have you been out scaring children again?”
With a worried and yet somewhat defiant look, Ice-Ghost, answered, “Don’t listen to him, Christy. You’re in grave danger now. You don’t know, Gloo, like I know Gloo. Once he was of the Imperial Mountain Clan of Dwarves, but he has changed and not for the good. We must hurry, before…”
Just at that moment Gloo’s hands began to fog. They fogged like dry ice will do, when water is poured onto it. Without saying a word Gloo, lunged forward, falling on top of Christy’s feet. Lying on the ice, he tightly held onto her skates with both of his hands. As his hands held onto Christy’s skates the fog became even thicker so that you could no longer see her feet, or Gloo’s hands. After the fog stopped flowing it quickly cleared away. Christy’s ice skates had been ice welded to the icy ground. Gloo’s plan had now been completely revealed.
The witch, thought Ice-Ghost. A large blue ring on Gloo’s finger began to flash. Ice-Ghost screamed out, “Oh no, it’s too late, this was a trap! Christy, I think the witch is on her way. Listen and believe what I tell you. Never give up your skates to the witch. If you do, she will probably lock you in an icy tomb forever.”
As Christy looked in disbelief, she thought to herself, How could this be happening?
Ice-Ghost was re-emphasizing his warning to Christy, “Remember, don’t let her have your skates…” when suddenly he felt a chill run down his spine. Motionless he stood as he listened. Then he heard what he feared most, faint hissing-clicking sounds that seemed to be getting louder with every second. As he turned his fears were confirmed.
Eight large sheep-sized ice rats came out of nowhere and quickly circled around them. Each rat was baring its large icy translucent fangs and flicking their solid blue tongues at them. Their white fur looked like white pine needles bristling in the sunlight. All of the ice-rats were white, except for their leader, who was a deathly grey. Their eyes were a deep, piercing, menacing grey. Their tails and feet had a decaying blue-grey color to them. Foul and deadly they appeared to be. Ice-Ghost stood motionless and resolute as he peered into their eyes. Time seemed to stand still. In the northern distance the fog began to rise, revealing an ice castle on a distant mountaintop. It was from there that their true troubles would soon begin.
Although Christy could not turn to see it, a tiny object rose above the mountaintop and began to fly in circles above it. It then hovered for a moment, before plunging down the mountainside towards them. Flying two hundred feet or so in the sky it quickly approached them. Before the object had reached them, it stopped and hovered, casting a shadow on the snowy ground below. It then slowly began to descend.
~ My Lady~
Christy became aware of the shadow that came from above as the object slowly descended. With her feet frozen to the ice, she turned as much as she could and looked up. What she saw astonished her. Descending downward was a large black cauldron with a silver rim around it. There were two large ice-skating blades attached on opposing side of its bottom. She could only stare as it hovered down onto the ice. After the cauldron landed, she saw a silver line form a door on the face of it. Where the lines had become visible, that part of the cauldron let itself down.
Out of the cauldron stepped a short, but rather thick, roundish woman wearing a long black coat. The long collar of her coat was lined with the fur of some poor animal that must have unfortunately crossed her path. Her face was round, and she had rose-colored puffy cheeks and a bulbous nose. She had long, frizzy, puffy, grayish ice-white hair, which framed her rosy cheeks and her bulbous nose. She had grey eyes with grey eye-brows. In her hair was a crystal tiara.
She paused for a moment and then asked with a smirk, “Well what have we here, Gloo, a couple of worthless warm-bloods? Did you bring me out here into this wicked sunshine for these two worthless worms? They better be worth my while.”
At this Gloo let out a gurgled “Rreeeeeaaaccchhtttt,” and some of the ice rats moved aside. As the witch entered the circle, Ice-Ghost turned and faced the witch. The Witch, while looking at Ice-Ghost, entered into the circle with a pitiless frown.
“Well, Ghost, what brings you around here, pale skin?”
The witch then turned to Christy. “And who is this warm-blood?”, she asked in her crackly thick voice. Christy now terrified said nothing. The witch slowly examined Christy from head to toe before shouting out uncontrollably, “T-H-E S-K-A-T-E-S!!! T-H-E S-K-A-T-E-S, they are here, they are here!!” She looked even closer at the tips of the skates and saw what she desired most. She pointed two fingers at the Ice-Ghost’s feet and a frosty froth of spray shot out, welding Ice-Ghost’s feet to the ice.
Feeling very confident that the Ice-Ghost was helplessly frozen to the ice, she then pondered what to do next. She was ecstatic but thought, “This is still no easy matter.” Putting her hand to her chin and tapping her lips with her finger, her thoughts raced around, again and again.
The witch, with a soft crackling voice murmured her thoughts. Okay, they are here, and I am beyond elation. But they were not brought here by you, Ghost, this could not be. She looked at Ice-Ghost and said, “You swore long ago upon death that I would never see those Ice-Crystals again. Yet here they are and so are you. But then how?”
The witch, looking perplexed, turned her attention to Gloo. “Gloo, how?”
“My lady,” spoke Gloo, “long have you planned for the capture of those skates. Our spoken deal have kept me vigilant.”
“Speak not of the promise, dwarf, or I’ll amend it.”
Gloo bowed his head. “Yes, my lady.” Gloo then raised his head and spoke again.
“My story, my lady, as I was saying, started by the unlucky and unfair fate that you had been robbed of your jewel, and I swifted of my freedom, as well as others. Separate misfortunes put together by an ill fate. Our efforts have seemed in vain.”
“Never mind all that, Gloo. Tell me how, and be quick about it, before I turn you into something smaller.”
“Yes, my lady, it was only by chance, my lady.” 
~ The World’s Window~
“I was at the world’s window,” Gloo continued, when our world Hene (Hen ay) and the shadow moon Aris, which they call Earth, aligned themselves. Once the worlds were aligned, I heard the window fall. So I raced over to where I thought I had heard it fall, and found it. I looked through the world’s window. It was not long before my eyes caught sight of a tiny ice world, and this little girl skating. When she flew off the ice and twirled in the air, I became the more intrigued and scratched my beard.”
“As I watched, I thought that I had seen the sparkle of all sparkles. The sparkle came from her skates. I pressed my eyes against the window to be sure. There embedded in her skates were crystals. They shined like shined had never shined before. I knew then that I had finally found my lady’s crystals. An incredible find.”
The Ice-Witch listened intently, never allowing her eyes to drift from the skates, as Gloo continued to speak. “It was through the window that I called out to her for help. Knowing warm-bloods can be so unnecessarily compassionate to strangers, I continued to call to her. She came, but somehow the Ice-Ghost, caught wind of this and came to warn her. I knew then that I had finally found my lady’s crystals. Fate had finally brought forward the greatest desire of my lady. The renowned Ice-Crystals of Gerentine. I now felt it was possible for my lady to receive, that which she had long ago laid claim to.”
“Inchworm, it is no claim. It is by my rights that I own and possess those crystals, shallot. They belong to me!”
Christy finally spoke up. “Please, I don’t know what you want, and I really do not have anything, so may I please leave? My mother should be getting to the rink at any moment now. They’ll be expecting me.”
Ice-Ghost kept his eyes fixed on the witch.
The witch mocked Christy, “Oh, please let me go, I really don’t have anything, please let me go. Are the people in your world that stupid girl? Do you see those ice crystals implanted in your skates? Well they happen to be the truest and most powerful Ice-Crystals the Maker’s daughter ever made.”
Christy looked at the witch. “But they are not Ice-Crystals, they’re just fake diamonds.”
Hearing this, the Ice-Witch screamed out in a loud venomous voice, “Shut your mouth, you warm-blooded putrescence of muck. Never, ever refer to the greatest of all Ice-Crystals as fake again. I would make you vanish forever, right now, if I thought there was absolutely no risk to the crystals, brat! S-o-o…for now you are safe. For now.”
“I am sorry,” said Christy, “But I did not know. I don’t know anything about this place, or those crystals, so please take the crystals and just let us go.”
The witch mocked Christy again, “Please let me go, pleeeease.” She then turned to Gloo and said, “Very good, Gloo. When I have accomplished all that I have long planned for, you can have your freedom.”
“Thank you, my lady.” Gloo paused for a moment and then added, “And everyone else?” Gloo quickly bowed his head.
The witch, ignoring Gloo, held her hand out and a thick fog formed on it. She put the chilly fog up to Christy’s face.
Ice-Ghost called out, “Christy, try not to breathe in the fog.”
Though Christy tried, eventually she had no choice but to inhale. Instantly she fell into a deep-frozen sleep.
“Put her in my chariot, Gloo, and hurry. Time is wasting.”
“Yes my lady.” Gloo put Christy into the witch’s cauldron.
Gloo had started to exit the chariot when the witch asked him, “And where do you think you’re going?”
Gloo sputtered, “B-b-b-I-I th-th”…
The witch growled at Gloo, “Quiet half-wit. Today you will fly with me. This is a special occasion. For once you shall have the honor of riding in my chariot, behind me. But I warn you, never stand to my side, while we are in my chariot. You do not deserve such a position.”
Gloo bowed his head, “Yes, my lady.” The witch entered her chariot and Gloo cautiously followed behind her. She had almost forgotten about Ice-Ghost, she turned toward him and paused, looking amused.
The Ice-Witch looked back at Ice-Ghost and laughed. She leaned forward and pointed her stubby thick finger at him. “Well, Ghost, I have triumphed, as I had always known that I would, you wretched soulless spook. For you to think that you or anyone else could keep me away from my treasure forever, puts you well beyond the greatest of fools.” She cackled as her chariot rose up into the air and flew. Looking down atIce-Ghost she mused and said, “Ghost, it was just a matter of time, just a matter of time.”
~ The Jubilant Queen~
The witch stood upright and boasted, “I have triumphed. Now I shall twist the hand of fate, so that it offers to me, rather than takes. Parts of my world were beginning to thaw, but now it will stay frozen forever. With the help of Little Miss Know Nothing, the world will be mine forever, and more.”
The Ice-Witch cackled as her cauldron began to rise. She stopped the cauldron for a moment. “Oh, by the way, Ghost, my rats haven’t eaten in a while, so do be kind to them.” The witch then let out a loud “Reeeeeeeeaaaaaccccht,” and the ice-rats circled in on the Ice-Ghost. The witch laughed as she flew off in her kettle.
Into the air went the cauldron, as Ice-ghost remained locked onto the ice. He could only watched as the cauldron flew high into the air and slowly dis-appeared from sight.
~ The Castle ~
Gloo stood behind the witch and kept silent. Flying towards her castle she began to think of cruel things to do to the girl, if she did not cooperate. As they flew, the natural curiosity of the dwarf awoke and he decided to turn and have a look down at the ground. As he dared to turn around the witch warned him, “Unless you have wings, dwarf, you had better keep your eyes to my back.”
The dwarf shakily responded, “Yes, my lady.” So all that Gloo ever saw on his way to the witch’s castle was her backside.
When they arrived at the castle, Christy was brought to the Room of Enchantments. Inside the room were tall decorative wooden sheIves. Each shelf had a multitude of vials, differing in shapes, sizes and colors. Some glowed while others sparkled. Others were of the deepest riches colors.
In the room there was also a wooden pedestal, with a large thick leather covered book on it. Several steps away from the pedestal was a bed with a padded burlap blanket on it. It was on this bed that Christy lay in a deep-frozen sleep, oblivious to her surroundings. While Christy slept, the witch walked over to the pedestal. It was the witch’s book of Magic, History, and Lore.
She began turning its pages, browsing through it, looking for something. What she sought was information on the renowned Ice-Crystals of Gerentine, and the skates. Long she read into her book until finally, feeling fatigued and frustrated, she stopped. Angrily she called out to her servant.
“Gloo, come here.” She waited only a moment before hollering out again, “Gloo, come here at once before I curse you and your whole ancestry.”
Running into the room and panting heavily, Gloo entered. “Yes, my lady.”
“Gloo,” the witch growled, “I want you to take the skates off of the little warm-blood’s feet.”
Looking puzzled and frightened, Gloo replied, “My lady, I am wondering if those skates and crystals should dare to be touched, by the hands of lesser folk?”
With nostrils flared and teeth showing she screamed, “I didn’t say that you should touch the crystals, which you should never dare, slug, but only the skates on which the crystals are imbedded!” she screamed. “You need not worry, the skates were made by the hands of a filthy mortal.”
Gloo, too frightened to look at the witch’s eyes, looked down and said, “Yes, my lady, the skates were made by the hands of the mighty mortal, Dernier. And the legend speaks:
True to his craft
Patterns unknown
To corrupt his thought
Is to be cursed unborn”
For a moment the witch gave the revered rhyme some serious thought. But then she became resolute and quick to say, “Fool, don’t bother me with silly folklore and rhyme, do as I bid.”
Knowing it unwise to refuse his master’s demands, he did as he was told. Nervously he walked over to where Christy, lay and looked down upon her quiet, peaceful face.
Looking at the girl he thought to himself, another fine mess you’ve gotten yourself into Gloo. Under his breath he muttered, “I am truly sorry girl…”
“What are you waiting for bean pod, do as I command or else”, shouted the witch.Knowing that he should not delay the witch’s command any longer, he began to remove Christie’s skates. As he attempted untying her laces, a strange thing began to happen. Gloo’s fingers and hands began to disappear, making it impossible for him to perform his task.
Gloo reeled back and said, “My lady, I cannot do this. If I keep trying, I fear I may completely disappear.”
The witch, looking mystified, turned to Gloo, “Well try again, it’s not like you just completely disappeared. There are far worse things than just disappearing, fool. Now try again!”
Every time Gloo tried, his fingers and hands disappeared, making the witch’s request impossible for him to do. The witch, frustrated by this unfortunate turn of events, clutched her chin and began to pace around in a circle. With her index finger bouncing on her lips, she once again pondered this outcome. “The skates’ magic is great, I have always known this. But this is an interesting development. Perhaps I should just waken the little tart and take her soul. Or maybe, I’ll eat her heart…and soul…and kidneys …yes!”.
As the witch spoke, her teeth began to re-shape into gruesomely pointed fangs, saliva began to drip from her mouth. Her eyes opened wide and her eyebrows pitched inward. She continued her ranting, “I know, I’ll make a kidney pie and then…no, no ,no. Brunde stay focused. This magic is too great. Eating her heart will not help me break the curse, of Dernier. Think Brunde, think. Very well, I’ll play it safe for now” The witch began to calm down and her teeth went back to being rounded, her eyes returned to their normal size.
The witch turned and looked high onto her shelves of potions, powders, smoke fumes, and elixirs. On her shelves were hundreds of vials that contained all of her contrivances. She stared at a vial that had a clear sparkling shine to it. That was the vial that contained the soul of the Ice-Ghost. Looking at the vial she smiled and then chimed out, ”Fool, your time has come and will soon be gone, if you are not dead already. Either way I no longer need you.” Her eyes continued searching her shelves.
~ The Battle of the Ghost~
But the tale of the Ice-Ghost needs now to be told. After the Ice-Witch left, the battle between, Ice-Ghost, and the ice-rats had begun. This was a battle between the evil emissaries of the Ice-Witch, and Ice-Ghost, the son of Equaria and Avelin, the beautiful. Whose stories are only told in the Lamazth. His father Equaria was a Gerent of the world Hene, and his mother Avelin, was from the world Aris. Since Ice-Ghost was half mortal, he was susceptible to a mortal’s death. However, from the lineage of his father, he was given great dexterity beyond ordinary men. As Ice-Ghost stood with feet frozen to the ground, the ice-rats began their assault.
The first to attack was Moldolff, their leader. Moldolff, with his keen sense of smell, could sense that Ice-Ghost, had greatness running through his blood. This triggered his insatiable appetite for the taste of fresh flesh, and especially the blood of man. Saliva began to drip down the two large fangs that protruded from his muzzle.
Before Moldolff, began his attack, he signaled for the other rats to stand down. His plan was always simple and straight forward, and had always been effective. With lightning speed he would jump high onto his victim’s throat and slash it.
The battle began. With lightning speed Moldolff, leaped forward, but Ice-Ghost was quick to lean his body aside, allowing Moldoff, to only graze his arm. Yet because Moldoff’s fangs were long and needle sharp, the point of his fang ripped into Ice-Ghost’s clothing, tearing the surface of his skin. He began to bleed tiny droplets of blood. Moldoff, at first, was disappointed to see that he had missed his target. Never before had this happened to him. Nonetheless, he was pleased to see the tiny droplets of Ice-Ghost’s delicious bright red blood, dripping down onto the ice. This only intensified, Moldolff’s, hunger for the flesh and blood of his prey.
On his next attempt, he decided that he would move to the left of his prey, and try a flank assault. Stealthily moving towards Ice-Ghost’s side, he ran and leaped high into the air, hoping to make this his final lethal assault. And once again, Moldoff, only succeeded in tearing some of Ice-Ghost’s clothing. The giant rat, circled around Ice-Ghost, again, but this time he had some doubt. Never before had he not been unable to take down his prey with this single, lethal-lightning strike move. A prey that couldn’t even move his feet.
Ice-Ghost looked at his adversary as his adversary looked at him. Both stared at each other and stood silent. The other rats looked on in dismay. All stood silent until the second in command rat squealed out, “Reeeeeeaaatcchhh ahtich, reaaaach ahtech.” The other rats squealed out in agreement, “kill him, kill.”
Moldolff, looking back at his pack, began to quake from deep within.
~ Moldoff’s Pithy Requiem~
Searching into the defiant eyes of his prey, Moldolff decided to change his plan of attack. This time he made a semi-circle around, Ice-Ghost, and then leaped at him from behind. Once again Ice-Ghost had to quickly lean to one side to avoid the onslaught. However, this time he was better prepared. When Moldolff, leaped through the air, Ice-Ghost ducked, then grabbed and held tight to one of Moldolff’s, fangs. As Moldolff’s heavy body flew over Ice-Ghost, Ice-Ghost jerked on the fang and felt and heard it snap. The sound was like a cherry bomb exploding.
There stood the Ice-Ghost with Moldolff’s fang clutched in his hands. Moldolff, realizing what had just happened, squealed a deafening groan. With one fang left, Moldolff, in a fury, spun around and returned to his assault. But Ice-Ghost was quick to maneuver and when Moldolff lunged forward, Ice-Ghost put the fang deep into the chest of its owner. Moldoff collapsed and slid down the body of Ice-Ghost. Ghost held onto the fang, and it dripped blood as it left Moldolff’s chest. Ice-Ghost looked down at the body of Moldolff and for a moment felt sorrow. He was not prepared for what came next.
Seeing the defeat of his captain, Ivanoff, second in command, became enraged and charged at his captain’s bane. Having so much anger and hatred in his heart, he hit the Ice-Ghost so hard, that it broke the witch’s snow weld. Both Ice-Ghost, and Ivanoff, slid several feet on the ice before finally stopping. Ivanoff, was on top of Ice-Ghost, and had him pinned to the icy ground. The fang hand fallen from Ice-Ghost hand and lay just a few feet away.
Ivanoff, tried to bite at Ice-Ghost’s neck, but he quickly put his arm up to shield his neck. Ice-Ghost’s arm slipped into Ivanoff’s mouth and Ivanoff began to bite down and tear at it. Ghost screamed in pain as he tried fending off his attacker. He tried punching and poking at Ivanoff’s, head, but it had little effect. As they fought and rolled on the ice, Ice-Ghost, saw the fang he had dropped. Rolling and sliding on his back, he soon got close enough to put the fang in his hand. Quickly he lunged the fang into Ivanoff’s body, but the rat did not stop, he was bent on killing.
He did it again, this time he felt a shimmer run thru the rat’s body. Next he felt Ivanoff’s grip began to loosen. This was what, Ice-Ghost, had been hoping for. He was now able to push Ivanoff’s body away from him. With one last desperate lunge, he put the fang deep into the eye of Ivanoff. The giant rat released his tattered arm. Ivanoff reeled in pain, until he moved no more. Then with one last heaving of his body, Ivanoff, was no more.
The other six remaining rats wailed and hissed at Ice-Ghost. They circled around for a final assault. Surrounded and exhausted, Ice-Ghost was forced to retreat closer to the body of Moldolff, yet he dared not get too close. As the ice rats circled around Ice-Ghost, a strange thing began to happen. Several large clouds appeared overhead and blocked out most of the sun. The snow and ice around them, turned from a sparkling white, into shades of grey. And from the mouth and eye of Moldolff, there came a faint glow.
It started as a glow and soon shot out brilliant light beams. His mouth opened wide and a glowing blue pearl rolled out from within it. It rolled just a few steps away from the body of Moldolff. When it stopped rolling, brilliant blue light beams began to shoot into the air. This lasted a few seconds and then stopped. It lay there glowing as it had before. All there were spell bound. As it glowed, a thick blue smoke began to emanate from it.
The heavy blue smoke began to amass itself into the shape of a woman. A young, beautiful, tall, slender woman, who was attired like a princess. It turned its head from side to side, until it found what it had searched for. Taking a few steps, it then kneeled where Moldoff’s, body lay.
“Anaz azule requi”, it said, with sad imploring eyes. With a mournful voice it softly pleaded, “Who killed Moldolff, the beloved? His heart was obedient and belonged to me.” The princess put her hands on the wound of Moldolff, and its body began to twitch. Then its legs began to move as if it were trying to run. A dim blue light shined from its eyes as the princess removed her hands. She crossed her hands over her heart (or where it would be) and sighed. Moldolff stopped moving.
Several feet away, Ice-Ghost, looked on with pity as the princess began to lament her loss. She then spoke these word, “Anaz azule requiem paz deah domiciate”, and stood up. As she looked down, a large tear-drop of light, left one of Moldolff’s eyed and slowly floated upward. The princess reached out and caught it in her hand. She turned her hand over and the tear drop remained resting on it. Lightly she stroked the tear-drop; then brought it to her mouth, puckered her lips and sucked it in. Pressing both hands on her chest she kept silent.
Ice-Ghost, continued to look on, and wondered if she had perhaps whispered or kissed the last remnant of Moldolff, good-bye. Though he felt pity he also knew this was most likely the calm before the storm. Everyone remained motionless until the calm was broken.
Letting her hands down the princess turned. “You…you dare to kill my greatest of pets? You will pay. Oh yes, you will pay.” In a quick dash the princess ran towards Ice-Ghost. When she reached him, she wrapped her claws around his neck and began to choke him. Her grip was strong and unyielding like a vice.
Tired and fatigued he struggled to remove the prince’s deadly grip from his neck, but was failing to do so. In a last desperate act he pulled on the chain he wore around his neck and brought forth his locket. It shined like the first tiniest ray of sunlight before the new day is born. He pushed the locket against the prince’s neck and she began to scream. Releasing one hand she put the other hand hard against the body of Ice-Ghost. Her fingernails were pointed and sharp, and they began to pierce his tunic. He soon felt the cold icy nails piercing his skin. He screamed out as he continued to gasp for air.
With an act of desperation he placed the locket over the heart of the princes and pushed with all his might. The princess screamed as her outer appearance was cast off. All that was left was a smoky blue image of the short, cruel witch. It began to scream and hiss at Ice Ghost, as her body began to wither away. “You’ll pay deary, you’ll pay…how dare you, how dare you, how…”, her voice echoed into the sky as it withered away. As soon as it disappeared, Ice-Ghost, slumped to the ground. The other rats shook off what seemed like a dream to them, and they all fled.
~ Magic Book~
Meanwhile, back at the castle the witch was rethinking her strategies. She went to her magic book, five thousand pages of Magic, History, and Lore. Impatiently she scanned through her book. In section-1 there were over one thousand pages on magic spells and lore. The witch began to search thoroughly through section-1. For hours she read until she found what she had been looking for: “The Extraction and Handling of True Ice.” As she looked through this section, page 999, line 15, something odd occurred.
The lines disappeared and the page became blank. The witch looked around the room suspiciously. She began to wonder if there was someone else nearby, who dared to be foolish enough to tamper with her book. “Who’s there?” she screamed out. “Come out now and I won’t be too harsh on you. Otherwise, deary, you’ll suffer for your foolishness.” No one answered.
Could it be my sister, the Witch of the South, she thought. She is the only one with power equal to mine, but my sister? She wouldn’t dare…would she? No, yes, maybe so…no, of course not. And she dismissed the thought. She searched the room and nearby rooms until she was sure that she was indeed alone. Suddenly she felt a slight shudder run through her body, but she was too occupied to give it much thought.
Back to the book she went. And once again line fifteen faded away, only to return momentarily. “What is this magic that I do not recall?” Every time she tried to read the entire line, it would fade away before she could finish reading it. This frustrated and infuriated the witch. She would constantly turn about to see if someone with great magic was playing a trick on her. Deep into her thoughts she searched for an answer. Finally she came up with an idea. “Oh yes, indeed,” she cackled to herself. “The spell of Verse Recantation.” Long she thought about this delicate spell. Any wrong word or gesture while casting this spell, could give her very adverse results. She carefully prepared herself for the incantation. Standing on one foot with one eye opened, and one eye closed, she raised one hand and lowered the other and began:
“Lines both seen and unseen
Known and unknown
Meant to be read and unread
By the open and unopened eye
Reveal to me now
The Message of the King”
The book of spells quickly snapped shut. The witch took a step back. Everything went silent. Crystal moths that had been flying high above the witch’s head became frozen and remained suspended in the air. A raven that had just flown into the room, had also been frozen and remained suspended in the air. The witch looked around the room and was in awe. Everything seemed to be motionless. Suddenly a strong wind began to blow into the room. It seemed to be directed at the book alone.
The book’s pages began to blow open, from page to page. Strong, brief, and deliberate was the wind. When the wind stopped, the witch stepped forward and saw that once again the pages of her book remained blank. Seeing this the witch became infuriated. She began to curse and yell. Feeling frustrated she tried to close it, but in turn received a terrible shock. “What is wrong with this book?” she muttered. Not knowing what else she could do, she just stood there and stared at the book. Feeling tired and frustrated from casting such a powerful spell, she turned and started to walk away.
As the witch was leaving the room she heard a slow, heavy creaking sound. Then a large bang, like a heavy dungeon door that had been ripped open and struck the wall that it was hung on. Quickly she ran back to the book and stared at the empty page. As she was looking at the empty pages, writing soon appeared on them. And this is what it said:
“Extrication of true ice crystals
Must be done with true heart
And gentle hand
To break this tryst
Is to break, the solemn king’s command
Failure of your own folly
To do this deed wrong
Will bring eternal torment
Of hot shale and hot sand”
Once the message was read, the air unfroze itself. The ice moths continued to fly in circles, and the raven flew down to its perch and squawked. “Quiet, raven! I must think for a moment.” Having now read this, the witch stood still as a stone. No worse thought could she have had, than never to stand on ice again. She then looked at Gloo and uttered, “Gloo, you worthless simpleton, let me see your hands again.” Gloo held his hands out, while the witch examined them. “They’re repulsive, you little blighter. No wonder you couldn’t touch the skates.”
The raven began to squawk over and over again, until the witch could no longer take it. She raised her hand to cast an awful spell on the raven and said, “Raven, tell me something worthwhile so that I should spare you.”
The raven bowed his head and squawked out, “Moldolff is dead, Moldolff is dead.”
At this the witch let loose her spell and the raven exploded with feathers flying everywhere. What was left was a tiny black beetle with large blinking eyes, standing where once stood a raven. The witch then screamed out an insidious loud scream that would have shattered windows, if she had them in her castle. She then stood as still as a statue, with her fist balled, eyes bulging, and her nostrils flared. She started huffing and puffing until her frustration eased away. Finally feeling calmer, her old rottenness arose again and she recalled her spell.
“Speak now, crow, or giblets you shall become.”
The crow began to tell the tale. “My lady, Moldolff alone tried to kill the Ice-Ghost and that was the beginning of his falling.” The crow continued to tell the story about the battle between Ice-Ghost and her beloved Moldolff. He then told of how Ice-Ghost had also defeated Ivanoff. The witch listened closely to the crow’s tale. And the crow spoke of how the rest of the ice rats fled from the scene, after the battles had ended.
The witch thought aloud to herself, “Why did my rats run? They still outnumbered the Ghost, six against one! They’ll return…they better, and I will judge”
Hearing the witch’s thoughts the crow spoke, “A warrior with a true heart and a deadly fang can prove to be more than a worthy adversary.”
This broke the witch’s concentration and she eyed the crow more closely. ”What is that you just said, crow?”
The crow, fearing that the witch would put another spell on him, squawked, “Nothing my lady, nothing. I just meant that a man with a true heart and quest, may have been too much for ice-rats alone to handle. That was all that I meant, my lady.”
“Tell me, crow, do you think this soulless spook could still have a true heart when I posses his soul?”
The crow responded, “I don’t know, my lady, but I have seen many battles in my days, and he surely fought with a true heart.”
The witch pondered this for several moments and thought, Could he, the Ice-Ghost, be the one who can rightfully remove the crystals from the little brat’s feet? But how, how could I get that wretched creature to attempt this deed for me? She looked over at the crow and said, “Crow, find the Ghost and give him this message. Tell him for a small deed I will give him back his soul and spare the life of the girl, if he wishes it so. If he doesn’t agree, I will turn the girl into an icicle. Then I will feed her soul and his to the Doomalings, and they shall never regain them.”
At the mention of the Doomalings the crow shuddered and said, “Is that all, my lady?”
“Yes, now be off. Do not fail me, crow, unless you do not value your soul either.” At this the crow shuddered again, and then flew off.
“Gloo, come here, you miserable wretch.”
In a matter of seconds Gloo came running into the room, “Yes, my lady?”
“Gloo, go to the cellar and get me another vial for a soul.”
“Yes, my lady.” Gloo quickly ran off.
Back to studying the book the witch went. She thought about the verse, “true heart and gentle hand,” and wondered if the Ice-Ghost had both. After all, he had defeated her ice-rats with his hands, and one of Moldoff’s fangs. This put doubt into the witch’s mind that he, the Ice-Ghost, had gentle hands. Nonetheless she continued to read. She read until she found what she was hoping for. A verse that brought hope to her wicked plan, and in part it stated:
“The mightful hand
That believes he is doing justice
Will become a gentler hand
That will be trusted
But should these hands knowingly do wrong
The spell is bust and the doom is long
For more than name sake only
Thou shalt be forever lonely”
This, the witch thought, was the compelling evidence that she needed. She began to ponder how she would force the Ice-Ghost into aiding her. As she turned to think about what was meant by “name sake,” there stood Gloo with a vial in his hand.
“What are you doing sneaking up on me, cockroach?” shouted the witch. “What is it that you want, you villainous vandal of bread crumbs?”
“The vial, my lady, I brought it as you asked.”
“Well, I didn’t say to sneak up on me about it, did I?” Then the witch loosed a spell:
“Things that creep up
And walk a silent trail
Will soon be learned
By a donkey’s tail.”
Gloo then grew a donkey’s tail. The witch snapped her fingers and “WHAP!” Gloo’s new tail whipped him hard on his legs. The witch smiled. “That should learn you! Now put the vial on the shelf next to the Ice-Ghost’s soul, and hurry!” She softly snapped her fingers and the tail did its work again, only this time not as hard.
Frantically Gloo ran to the stepladder and pushed it over to the shelves. He climbed the ladder with the empty vial in his hand and placed it next to Ice-Ghost’s soul. Gloo climbed back down the ladder with head bowed and his tail in his hand.
Speaking to herself the witch muttered, “Now what was it that was I just thinking?” Suddenly the crow flew back through her window and down to his perch. The witch turned.
“What are you doing here, I thought…”
The crow squawked out, “The Ice-Ghost, the Ice-Ghost, my lady, he is walking towards your castle’s wall. The Ice-Ghost is approaching.” The witch wanted to know more about Ice-Ghost’s whereabouts so she turned her attentions to the wall.
On the wall hung a large mirror. It was the Mirror of Panoramiun and she blared a commanded for it to awaken. “Mirror, show me the icescape just beyond my front castle wall, and be quick.”
The mirror as if awakened from a dream answered out, “As you wish, my lady.” Instantly the mirror began to show views of the nearby icescape. The mountainside was covered with snow, as was much of the Land of True Ice. Crystallized trees were scattered on the hillside. Their trunks glimmered, while their branches held hundreds of ice crystals on them. Though there were trees, they were too far apart to offer the stealthy trespasser any secrecy. It was for all these reasons that the Ice-Ghost chose to skate straight up the clear path. Looking into the mirror the witch soon saw what she was looking for. The Ice-Ghost was approaching.
She thought aloud, “So he is coming! But why? What for? For the crystals no doubt, no doubt. Or maybe… ”
The mirror rang out, “Has the lady forgotten? Questions of a person’s disposition or inquiry I cannot answer, and the king’s heirlooms I cannot find.”
“NOOO! I haven’t forgotten, you glashis gargoyle of glamentia. Do you think I have forgotten this? Someday mirror, I promise I’ll settle our differences with a mallet.”
Upon hearing this, the glass pane of the mirror seemed to recoil and cringe, distorting the image of the Ice-Ghost for a moment. Seeing that the Ice-Ghost was nearby, the witch crossed the hallway into the next room. There she looked out of her window and saw him approaching.
Not knowing what to expect next, Gloo hid himself behind stacks of boxes that had been in the room. In the next room the witch watched as Ice-Ghost approached her castle. There was a smile on her lips and grey swirling venom in her eyes.
Up the hill came the Ice-Ghost with a grave determination in his eyes. He had chosen the straight path and would soon be approaching the castle’s front door. The castle was made of ice blocks that had light wisps of sand and dirt in each block. This gave it the appearance of a regular stone castle from afar.
Nervous, the witch went back into the Enchantment room where Christy still slept.
Underneath her breath the witch muttered, “Where is that mule dwarf at? Oh well, I need him not. Always in the way of my greatness!” For the moment the witch decided that she would focus all of her attention on Ice-Ghost, rather than the insignificant Gloo.
However, time is short, she thought, so how, how do I do this? The witch continued muttering to herself, “ahh…how I really hate him. I cannot kill the Ghost because I need him. So then, how? How do I convince him that removing the ice crystals can do no one any true harm?” In her anxiety and frustration she cried out, “To rule both worlds I must have those crystals!” The witch fervently thought about this. Finally her devious mind came to another one of her wicked solutions. Brilliant, she thought, just brilliant. “Yes and now, to execute, ha ha …execute…how I love it, my master plan, ah ha ha ha.”
~The Ace in the Hole~
She started putting her plan to work. The first thing she did was to make the sleeping Christy invisible. Next she looked upon the second highest shelf where she kept the potions that changed people’s behaviors and their appearances. There were love potions, sleeping potions, potions to make a champion, potions of fear, potions of confidence, potions of beauty and potions of ugliness. There was also in a vile, Ice-Ghost’s soul, and next to it a clear vile with a green smoke in it.
What she sought was the clear green vile that was placed next to the Ice-Ghost soul. This vial had more curves to it than the rest. The top of the vial had a glass collar with a round hole in it. The cap was shaped somewhat like a long grape or an olive. The bottom of the cap had a round thinner base, which fit perfectly into the hole of the vial. This kept the green smoky fog from leaking out. With her magic she called down the amphora-shaped vial that contained the green smoke in it. Downward it floated, past the third shelf and into the hand of the witch. The witch looked intently at the vile and chuckled. “My ace in the hole. If it worked once, it’ll work again.” She mused on it for a bit and then set it on the counter.
The witch looked up at the third shelf, tapped her fingers on the counter and uttered, no I think not today” and went about her business. The third shelf had potions that had a temporary effect on the seasons of the year. There were potions for rain clouds, small hurricanes, spring awaking, thunder and lightening. There was one that twinkled like a star, and next to it was a vial of darkness. What she had thought about only she would ever know. She scowled,
“Mirror, where are my rats?”
“They are here My Lady.”
“Good, good”, she whispered.
Next she went to her closet and brought out a cauldron and placed it near Christy’s bed. She waved her hand over the pot and it began to fog. Looking into the cauldron she laughed. And as she laughed, the Ice-Ghost had reached the front door of her castle.
Looking at the castle’s high wall Ice-Ghost wondered, Why isn’t the witch here to greet me? She must know that I am here! Baffled for only for a moment, Ice-Ghost took out Moldoff’s tooth and tied a thin, but strong, rope around it. He began twirling the tooth on the rope in an attempt to toss it over the castle wall. As he twirled the rope, the large castle door slowly creaked open. Now Ice-Ghost knew that the witch had been waiting for him, and put his rope and tooth away. There was an ominous moment of silence. Taking a deep breath, he cautiously walked inside.
~ The Queen’s Deal ~
It was dark inside, except for a light that he saw coming from the second floor. Into the hallway and up the stairs he went. At the top of the stairs was another hallway. He cautiously walked through it until he came to the Room of Enchantment. As he looked into the room he noticed it was big and had a high ceiling. Only a few candles in the room were lit. This gave Ice-Ghost an even more ominous feeling. As he walked through the poorly lit room, he saw large shadows slowly moving about, and froze in his tracks.
The shadows slunk through the room. He knew that he was once again being surrounded by ice-rats. As he looked around the dimly lit room, he noticed several pairs of glaring grey eyes, silently staring at him. The silence was soon broken by the clicking of the ice-rat’s tongues. From above and without a moment’s notice, all of the candles on the chandelier lit up. The room’s contents were clearly visible now. Ice-Ghost saw what he had suspected. He was once again surrounded by ice-rats. Just as he prepared for battle the Ice-Witch walked into the room.
For a brief moment they just stared at each other. While Ice-Ghost had a fierce look of determination, the Ice-Witch had a look of defiance and disgust. But her tone and demeanor quickly softened. “Well, Ghost, you’re still alive.”
“Apparently,” he replied.
The witch smiled. “Ghost! I should let my rats feed on you for killing my beloved Moldolff and his brother, but I think I won’t.”
“That is kind of you,” said Ice-Ghost. “But why the generosity, it is unlike you?”
The witch smiled. “Each of us in turn has made our mistakes. You coming into my land, with your bag of tricks, your rebellion, and a clear defiance of my laws. And I with my gentle enforcing hand, taking your soul and leaving you to walk in wanderlust, and soulless, through the worlds. This I have thought long and hard about. My punishment at the moment seemed fair, but lately I have softened. Maybe you have been punished long enough. Maybe if you had your soul back, you could better understand and judge me. Sometimes I think that is why you have mistrusted and misunderstood me for so long. I think that is because your soul hasn’t been there to help guide you along.”
“Maybe, but not likely,” said Ice-Ghost, as he looked upon the faces of the ice-rats, and back at the witch.
The witch paused for a moment, then continued, “Today, Ghost, things are different. Today I am ready to reconsider your punishment. Today I am ready to offer you amnesty and forgiveness. Today I am willing to put our differences aside. I may even consider returning your soul, Ghost. Would you like that?”
Ice-Ghost said nothing and just looked at her with a heavy misgivings and suspicions. The witch then took out Lucille, her Golden Wand. It had a walnut-sized pearl on one end and two silver bands at the other end of it. The pearl glowed like the moon. Waving the wand she called out.
“Presentasia,” and Christy appeared, lying on her bed of ice in the room.
“I don’t know what she means to you, Ghost, but you can rescue her soul as well as your own. That is, if you choose to.”
Ice-Ghost looked at Christy in her deep cold sleep, lying on the bed of ice. “She is only an acquaintance. I do not know her.”
“Whether you know her well or no, I care not. Her life, however, now belongs to me. Are you interested or not, Ghost?”
The witch laughed and in a low crackly screeching voice warned, “Remember, Ghost, nothing comes for free. If you wish to save her, you must do only one small favor for me.”
At this Ice-Ghost smiled and said, “Remove the Ice-Crystals, I presume, since you cannot remove them yourself.”
“Very good, Ghost, but you are only half right. I can remove them, Ghost, but it would be quiet messy. Very messy indeed. But you can save me the mess, and her the pain. You now have a last chance to rescue her soul, as well as your own, so do not waste it, Ghost.”
Ice-Ghost looked at Christy as she slept.
“W-E-L-L, Ghost! Are you interested or not? I can make her disappear forever if I want,” growled the witch, growing ever more impatient. Pointing her wand at Christy she gave voice to a foreboding thought. “Maybe I’ll freeze her body and then slowly melt it out from those skates.”
Ice-Ghost could no longer hide his worried look.
The witch saw this and reveled in her joy. “You know, Ghost, I think you’re not telling me something. I think she means much more to you than you are letting on.” The witch pointed her wand into the air and chanted,
“Doomalings, Doomalings
rise up and see
If today you have,
one more soul,
on which to feed.”
Out of the witch’s brewing cauldron flew three Doomalings. Up toward the high ceiling they flew, circling like vultures above their next anticipated meal. They looked like translucent bats, with long tails and short strong arms under their wings. The shape of their heads were somewhere between the mix of a pig’s head and a bats. They had large round eyes with long scraggly eyebrows. Their mouths seemed to have both a smirk and a smile. Two long fangs protruded from their snouts. The end of their snouts looked somewhat like a pig’s snout, round and indented. In the indentations were two slits that could suck the life force from its victim. Though they looked more like ghosts or phantoms, they were indeed real and deadly.
The ice-rats in the room squealed and fled. The crow crouched and covered its head with his wings. Ice-Ghost felt a cold emptiness like he had never felt before. Seeing this the witch felt pleased, even though her rats had ran away again.
The witch retorted, “Well, Ghost, time is running short and my Doomalings look very hungry. What do you say? Are you ready to bargain?”
Seeing that there was not much else that he could do, he asked the witch, “Maret Brundehildigart, how do I know that you will not break your promise this time?”
The witch looked surprised. “Ghost, I haven’t heard that name in such a long time. You are always so full of surprises. As for proof, I will show you soon enough. But first you must prove your worth to me by performing an act of good faith.”
“An act of good faith! What is it that you want me to do?” asked the Ghost. “
“Hardly anything, Ghost. This first request will be the simplest you’ll get from me. All that you have to do is…touch the girl’s skates,” the witch replied.
A suspicious request, he thought, but he could see no harm in it. He leaned over and touched Christy’s skates. As he held his hand on her skates, he sensed the coldness of her body. “Not good,” he thought. “But she is alive.”
The witch, feeling satisfied, answered, “Excellent, Ghost, yes very good. Now I will give proof that I too am willing to deal in good faith. Look over at the vial on the counter” She raised her left hand, and with her index finger pointing upward began to twirl it. The cap on the green vial, spun and lifted itself off the bottle, then fell to the floor. The green smoke that it contained seemed to hurriedly push itself out of its container.
Suspicious and puzzled, Ice-Ghost could only stand there and expect the worst from this new event. The thick smoke continued to rise five or six feet before it fell to the floor alongside the counter. When the bottle had emptied itself, a beautiful young princess began to materialize from within the smoke.
~ Princess Ringold~
There stood the Forest Princess in her long sparkling green dress. She had long, richly colored brown hair with a wave or two in it. Her eye color was a perfect match to her hair color. Her skin looked as if it had been gently been kissed by the sun. She was of a slender build and beautiful.
She spoke in a soft and gentle voice, “Ice-Ghost, I am sorry.”
Ice-Ghost bowed his head and said, “Princess Ringold.”
“Ice-Ghost, I am truly sorry, I didn’t…”  But before she could finish, the witch raised two fingers to her lips and with short waving motions, cast a spell of silence on the Princess.
Ice-Ghost slowly looked up and his eyes met hers. “Don’t worry Princes Ringold, I know the truth. I am happy to see you.”
Princess Ringold’s eyes filled with tears.
The witch interrupted, “Careful, dear, or I’ll forget that I have been too kind to you wretches.”
She looked at Ice-Ghost, “What the princess wanted to explain to you, Ghost, is that she was fooled by me. She knew nothing of my plan to steal your soul, and that her recalcitrant mother and father have also been confined by me. So you see, Ghost, she had not been doing my bidding all along. So there are still plenty of reasons for you to save the her.”
Ice-Ghost looked back into the eyes of the Princess and said, “You didn’t know that she would or could take my soul, did you, Princess?” The princess bowed her head and turned it from side to side.
“What a horrible mess, I should not have let you come here Princess. I should have been more persuasive,” said Ice-Ghost. Looking at Princess Ringold with a warm smile he then turned to the witch.
“Her mother and father, where are they?” he demanded.
With her cackling voice she shouted, “I’ll set the bargaining here, Ghost.
“If you truly want the crystals, then I will set the bargain price”, replied Ghost.
The witch, looking infuriated, restrained her mood.
“Very well, Ghost, I give you credit for being a good negotiator, so name your terms. But I warn you, I have only so much tolerance.”
Both Ice-Ghost and the Princess knew that once the witch got what she wanted, her plans were to do as she pleased.
~The Awakening~
Gloo remained hidden behind the stack of boxes listening to the witch. He too, knew that the witch would never entirely keep to any promise or oath that she gave. Some-thing awoke in the dwarf, that shook away the fear that he had been feeling. Seeing that, Prate, the crow was still quivering with his eyes closed, Gloo ran from behind the stacks of boxes and hid behind the witch’s counter. Peeping his head out he sheepishly smiled at the Princess. Even with this new sense of courage, Gloo, still found it hard to keep his body from shaking. He was not sure what he would do, or if the Ice-Ghost could ever trust him. Gloo looked on as Ice-Ghost began making his demands.
Ice-Ghost named his terms and they were this: “First you must release Princess Ringold’s mother and father, and take a witch’s oath to give them safe passage from your realm.”
The witch looked surprised, “Here, Ghost? You think that they are here?”
Ice-Ghost replied with certainty, “How you took them from their world’s realm is a mystery to me, but they are here. There will be no deal if you do not release them.”
“Clever, Ghost, very clever. And how they were brought here will remain a mystery to you also, Ghost.” The Witch paused for a moment. “Very well then, Ghost, they will be released.” The witch mused for a moment and then asked, “Is that all, Ghost, for the world’s greatest gems? Ah ha ha ah ha ha ha. Is that all?!”
“Of course not! You must also swear on the Stone of Amara-Nafar never to bother our world again.”
In the witch’s wicked mind, she was already thinking about how she could break her agreement. She thought hard and then smiled. “But ask no more, Ghost, ask no m-o-r-e. You are once again testing my kindness beyond its tolerance. Your Minas’s will be released.”
“Now,” said Ice-Ghost.
“Very well, Ghost.” The witch raised her wand. “Minas’s amass (dowager).” There stood the Minas of the world Aris, Elo Oerol Acampchion and his wife Citriouceon of Hene, the nearest of kin to mother nature. Upon seeing her mother and father Princess Ringold, ran over and embraced her them.
“Her voice,” demanded Ice-Ghost. With a twirl of the witch’s finger, the Princess had her voice again and she quickly whispered something into her parent’s ears.
After long moments of embracing, Elo Acampchion turned to the witch. “Maret Brundehildigart, you wretch, your treachery will be paid for. Whatever you are doing Maret, you must stop. It has been a long time, yet once we walked the same path.”
“Oh, to hear my name spoken thrice in a day is a rarity. Yet I did not give permission, so do not dare to say more.”
Elo Acampchion stared into the witch’s eyes only for a moment before turning to Ice-Ghost. “Oh, Numen Son, what brings you here, and what has happened to your soul?”
“I cannot tell my story now, Elo Oerol Acampchion.”
Princess Ringold ran over to Ice-Ghost and hugged him. She whispered into his ear, “Oh thank you, Castiane, thank you, but I must tell you something.
As she hugged Ice-Ghost she whispered into his ear, “Gloo is behind the counter and I think he wants to help us. If you can make him understand, have him take from the third shelve, from the left, the third vial and give it to us.” That vial was the vial that contained the Awaking of Spring (Spring always needed a little nudge). It had a kaleidoscope of colors in it.
The witch interrupted, “All right, all right, enough of the wishy-washy gruelalities. We have a bargain awaiting.” The witch then pointed her wand at Princess Ringold and lifted her off the ground and back to her parents.
It was at this moment that the crow Prate opened his fearful eyes. At first the crow watched as Princes Ringold was being sent back to her parent’s side. It was then that Ice-Ghost was using hand signals to communicate to the dwarf what he wanted, and Gloo understood. As fate would have it, Prate caught sight of the last hand signals Ice-Ghost had given to Gloo and he cackled.
“My lady, my lady, treachery, treachery”
The witch turned as Gloo, had climbed the shelf ladder to the top of the shelf. Upward he climbed towards the top shelf as the witch raised her wand, “Tap, rap, and slap this fool to me.”
Gloo, had reached the second highest shelf and grabbed the third vial from the left. It was then that his tail began to wrap around his body and he began to fall. As he fell past the third shelf he reached out before falling to the ground.
“Well, you treacherous worm, what have you to say for yourself?” Gloo’s tail picked up a paddle that had been lying on the floor and it began to strike him hard. The witch laughed and took the pink vial from his hand. “A Love Potion, you grabbed a Love Potion! What, my misguided mule, were you going to do with this? Make me love everyone? Perhaps make me forgive and forget what you have done?”
After saying that the witch shuddered at the thought and then laughed. “I don’t think so. And you, Ghost, no doubt you put him up to this? You’ll pay, mark my words, you’ll pay.”
Ice-Ghost did not smile, “Maret Brundehildigart, do you want the deal or not?”
Elo Oerol looked at Ice-Ghost and wondered what type of deal he had been wheedled into. And, for the first time, he noticed the girl lying on a bed of ice in the room. He wondered who she was and why she was there. How he had missed her at first, he couldn’t fathom it. A child in her teens, he thought. As he looked down towards her feet, he noticed the girl’s skates.
Looking gravely at Ice-Ghost he said, “You cannot do this. I forbid you to do this on our account. Let us stay frozen in her dungeon until a better…”
“Silence,” said the witch, and with a wave of her hand the Princess and her parents were under the witch’s silence spell.
Princess Ringold, struggled and tried to tell Ice-Ghost that Gloo had grabbed the wrong bottle, but she struggled in vain. Ice-Ghost looked sadly at the three and said, “I am sorry, but I must do what I think is best.” Elo Oerol and Citriouceon both shook their heads.
“If you want the deal, Maret Brundehildigart, send them off now.”
The witch, looking suspiciously at Ice-Ghost and mused for a moment. “What’s your plan, Ghost…and why the big hurry now?”
“I am ready now to deal now”, replied Ghost, “but I may change my mind later.”
“Very well, Ghost, but no more tricks.”
“You have my word.”
“Yes” smirked the witch, “You Numens are supposed to be good with your word.”
With a wave of her wand, a large ice bubble engulfed the Princess and her parents, and shrank down to the size of a tennis ball. The princess and her parents were now no larger than thumb size. With her index finger the witch called the bubble to her. It floated through the air and stopped a foot away from her. She reached out with her long finger and thumb and held it tight. Her long cruel fingernails gripped the top and bottom of the bubble, as she looked into it. She looked back at Ice-Ghost with a threatening look.
“Remember this, Ghost! The next bit of treachery on your part, and all of you will pay dearly. Your little friend I will keep frozen forever, or until I can find another way to extract those Crystals. She then turned her attention back to the bubble. She began to squeeze the bubble with her pointed finger and thumbnail, and Ice-Ghost could see Princess Ringold, and her parents cringe inside the bubble.
“Stop,” demanded Ice-Ghost.
From the corner of her eyes the witch looked at Ice-Ghost. “I want more than your word, Ghost. Swear to me upon the stone on the scepter of the king, the stone Uriel, there’ll be no more tricks. Swear this oath and I will release them to their domains.”
“I will swear it.”
“Are we agreed then, Ghost? For their freedom, will you extract and give to me upon request, the greatest crystals ever made?”
Ice-Ghost lowered his head and said, “We are agreed and I swear upon the stone of Uriel I shall not be the first to break my word. However, should you break your end of the bargain first, my oath is void.”
The witch did not like what she heard and her eyes widened and bulged. Her teeth clenched as she balled her fist. She fumed then quickly released her rage. “Yes Ghost, I’m agreed. ”The witch released the bubble and it continued to float in the air. Inside the witch’s devious mind, she laughed and cackled. Once I have the crystals, the only promise I will keep is to rule the two worlds and be their Queen.
Ice-Ghost could only guess at what the witch was thinking, and he wasn’t too far off the mark. “Send them back now if you still wish to finalize this deal,” urged Ice-Ghost.
The witch smiled from ear to ear. “Good, Ghost, very good. Now I will do my part.” She closed her eyes and began to summon her strength. Sending the Princess and her parents back to their own world was no easy task. This called for big magic on the witch’s part, so she closed her eyes and began to chant:
“Over the icy hills
Far far away
I send you back
To that horrid place
Where all the warm-blooded creatures
Plaaaaay-awparishafield.”
As the witch cast her spell, Ice-Ghost looked into the floating bubble that contained the princess and her parents and sighed. After she had finished her spell, the bubble floated up and through the castle’s window. “Mirror,” the witch called out, “show the Ghost the bubble and where it is going.”
The mirror rang out, “Yes, my lady,” and the image of the bubble and the world of Aris appeared. Everyone in the room watched as the bubble swiftly flew towards its mark. Ice-Ghost looked at the mirror and wondered, this has to be the Mirror of Panoranium. I wonder how the witch has gained possession of it?
“Now, Ghost, to the business at hand.”
“Wait I want to see them in their realm before I start.
“Very well, mirror, show him.”
There stood the princess and her parents in their realm. They were in a forest and he could see them rejoice, and yet he could tell that they were also saddened. As he watched them, all three disappeared in a twinkle of light. He knew why and how they did this, and that they were safe. He thought, not even the witch could command the mirror of Panoranium to deceive.
The witch growing impatient growled, “Well, Ghost, I have an oath from you to remove the crystals on my command, and you are bound to it.”
Ghost replied, “Yes…and I am bound to it.”
Now, Ghost, to the business at hand.” “They walked to the ice-bed where Christy lay. Face to face stood the witch and Ice-Ghost.
It was during this time that Gloo, struggled even harder to work his arm free from his tail.
Ice-Ghost struggled with what he had to do next. He began to wonder if he had done the right thing. This was the greatest risk he had ever taken, because it had involved so many others. He hoped that his eyes had not deceived him.
The witch interrupted Ice-Ghost’s thoughts and said, “Ghost, I now command you to remove the Ice-Crystals.”
Not knowing what else to do Ice-Ghost replied, “Very well, but the first thing you must do is to awaken the girl Christy.”
“Why, Ghost, why must I do this, and how do you know? Who are you really, Ghost? I think that you are more than just one of the nobles of Numen, Ghost.”
Ice-Ghost smiled. “That is not part of our deal.”
“Well, never you mind, but do get on with it.” The witch re-did her spell and Christy soon awoke.
“You’re here Ice-Ghost, but where are we.” She then turned and saw the witch. “Well, it wasn’t a dream after all. Of course not.” She then noticed that, Gloo, was floating in the air and had grown a donkey’s tail.
Her thoughts were interrupted by Ice-Ghost. “Christy, are you okay?”
She nodded and shivered. She asked, “What’s going to happen now?”
“Don’t worry, this will soon be over.”
The witch, growing impatient, lashed out. “Come on, Ghost, hurry. My patience is wearing thin.”
He replied, “Yes, my lady” and the witch smiled.
“Very good, Ghost, very good. Maybe I shall have a noble appointment for you later.”
“I think not,” replied Ice-Ghost.
“Very well, Ghost, suit yourself. No great loss. But in my realm you would have nobility and dignity.”
“I already have dignity Maret.”
“Ha”, she countered.
Ice-Ghost looked up for a second to see, Gloo, still struggling to move his hand. He could do nothing knowing he was bound by an oath. He looked back down at Christy.
Trying to buy time against the inevitable, Ice-Ghost, tried conversing with the witch. “Brundehildigart, now that you will have the gems, will you stop searching through other worlds?”
The witch curled her lip and with a honey-coated voice said, “Why, Ghost, I’ve already promised not to trouble you in yours.”
It was then that Ice-Ghost had figured out what the witch had based her promise on. If she were ruler of both worlds, she could do as she wished. She could cast a spell of gemination. It could be her and not her. Her double could conquer his world and her oath would not be broken. What have I done? After all, the witch had promised not to bother them in their world, but not in hers. If she conquered his world it would be hers to do as she pleased. His thoughts were soon interrupted.
“Why, Ghost, you’re even more pale than before, if that is possible. Now stop you’re stalling and be on with it.”
They eyed each other and both knew what the other had been thinking. Knowing he was bound by oath he gave way.
“Very well, my lady.” Ghost removed one of the bags from his belt and held it in his hand. Untying the string that fastened the bag closed, he began to pour dust from it and onto his hands.
“What is that, Ghost?”
“It is the Dust of Dawn. That, which was here before snow and ice. It is only a minute portion of it.” Deep into his hands he rubbed it. Furiously he rubbed them together until they became a bright orange and yellowish color. When he stopped rubbing his hands, he appeared to be in a trance.
The witch found this fascinating and then gave Ghost a command, “Okay, Ghost, it is now time to remove the skates from the girl. I command you to do so.”
In a deep, hollow voice Ice-Ghost replied, “True to his craft, patterns unknown, to corrupt his thought, is to be cursed unborn.”
“What, what does this mean, Ghost? That you cannot keep your promise? I’ll destroy all of you for this.”
Ice-Ghost in his deep hollow voice replied, “Our bargain was for the crystals and not the scorn of Darian’s wrath.”
The witch calmed herself. “Yesss, yesss, I care not for the shoes. It is the crystals that I crave. I command you to our bargain.”
Ice-Ghost responded, “Yes, the promise will now be kept. But I warn you, beware of the power that was never meant to be owned.”
“Enough already! Enough. I already know of power” bellowed the witch.
Ice-Ghost turned to Christy. “Close your eyes and do open them until the crystals have been removed.”
Ice-Ghost clasped both hands onto the sides of Christy’s skate blade, and held them tight. Nothing appeared to happen. As he held them tight, the witch began to stir. “Nothing, Ghost, nothing…” she groaned.
Suddenly a light began to emanate from Ice-Ghost’s hands and he spoke these words aloud,
“The might-ful hand
that believes he is doing justice
will become a gentler hand
that can be trusted.
Should these hands
knowingly do wrong
the spell is bust
and the doom is long.”
After citing these words, he felt a bone-deep chill in his body. His hands began to burn from the cold. Just when he felt he could no longer bear the pain, there was a loud snap and the crystal fell loose and into his hand.
Though he felt relieved, he still had one more crystal to remove. Once again he clasped his hands on Christy’s other skate blade and once again he felt the bone-deep chill. The other ice crystal came off and now Ice-Ghost held a crystal in both hands. His body shivered and quaked as he held them in the palms of his hands. The Ice-Witch looked in awe. Suddenly Ice-Ghost’s hands were being forced together.
Cupped in-between his palms the two ice crystals joined together in the shape of a heart. His body began to chill as his hands began to freeze. He tried to drop the crystals but his arms and hands could no longer move. Ice-Ghost took a step back and his body began to freeze.
Seeing this the witch quickly took the crystal from his hands and held it in hers. Her eyes opened wider than they had ever opened before.
“They are mine, mine”, she cried out. She held them tight as she ranted, “Mine, forever mine. I shall rule the worlds in the coldest and most benevolent way that a Queen can.”
Hearing this Christy dared to peep through here eyelids and saw the witch.
As the witch stood there, her hair began to freeze into thick strands of ice. The thick strands began to shape themselves into ice snakes that swayed on top of her head. She grew in stature as her body became shapely, as that of a diva or goddess. Her face thinned as her whole body began to frost. Tall, slender, and terrifyingly beautiful she became.
Before Ice-Ghost completely froze, he saw standing before him, a cold terrifying and yet beautiful woman. Queen-like, he thought, as he completely froze. Cruel but Queenly.
“Noooo!” cried out Christy, as Ice Ghost froze solid.
Seeing this Christy ran over to where Ice Ghost now stood.
The witch’s new voice was thin, sweet, poised, but nonetheless poisoned. “YES, YES, YESSS! Your turn is next, my dear.”
She turned to looked at Gloo. “And you…you shall be dealt a slower punishment. One that seems more fitting, I think!” Turning her attention back to Christy she walked over and touched her with her wand. It sparked against her skin and nothing more. The witch looked perplexed. “What is this, new magic? AAAGGGGGGHHHHHH!!!”
Christy, too, seemed a little perplexed. She wondered what this meant.
The Queen went over to where, Gloo, had remained suspended in the air and touched him with her wand. Sparks let out as Gloo brayed in pain. She looked back at Christy and thought, “The Ghost!!! He must have helped her in some way? But how?” She picked up her big mallet and called out.
“Mirror, come take a look. What is it that you see, that stops my magic from working? Be quick or you shall pay dearly.”
The mirror quaked, “I know not O Queen of the world, but look to your book for the answer.” The Queen lowered her mallet.
The mirror interjected, “And may I say that your new royal and queenly appearance …it um…suits her highness as um… all would think.” The mirror seemed to flinch and gulp, as it anticipated the Queens’s response.
The room went silent. The witch looked into the mirror and saw herself for the first time changed. “Mirror” she called out.
“Yes, your highness.”
“Remove your unsightly face, so that I may see all the beauty of the greatest Queen there is and shall ever be.”
“As you wish, O greatest Queen of this world”, then retreated to the deepest part of his mirror that he could.
The Queen smiled and felt an overwhelming pleasure with her new appearance. She turned from side to side and her admired her so-called new beauty (after all, beauty is in the eye of the beholder). She reached her hand up and all the serpents on her head affectionately rubbed against it. I have come, she thought, and back to the book she went. In a commanding voice she declared, “Book, I am the greatest Queen of all the greatest Queens that ever were. The holder of the greatest ice-crystal ever brought forth. The Ice-Crystal of Gerentiene. Speak to me now, I command you.”
The book opened and its pages began to rapidly turn themselves over. Finally they stopped and a voice rang out:
O mighty Queen welcome.
Where there was once two
there are but one
One has both,
the other has none.
It is not the south
But in the north
where the greatest Queen
may now claim her throne.”
“I thank you, book, but I have an obstacle. My magic does not work on the brat here. Tell your Queen, the greatest who has ever been, why her magic has been thwarted by just a common warm-blood!”
The Book of Magic was silent for a moment and then it spoke:
“The magic of the ice-crystal
that this child has born
runs deep into her veins
And nothing more.
For the Queen to fully take her role
the carrier of the crystals
must lose her soul.”
“Is that all?” piped the witch.
“That is all, my Lady and Queen.”
The witch laughed and was delighted. “Well then, book, can I just remove her soul and store it in my collection of souls?”
“That you may do my Queen, she has no power over you. However, to optimize your magic my Queen, her soul must be devoured to the point of no return.”
“Yes. It is enough that the brat once possessed the crystals. That alone, is greatly disturbing. She must go.”
With a wave of her wand the Queen sent Christy floating back to the ice bed. This time as she lay there, ice vines wrapped around her wrist and ankles, and held her tight.
“Very well then” the Queen replied to the book. “This shall be an easy endeavor.”
The Queen looked up to where the Doomalings had been circling. “Doomalings,” she called out, “come down and enjoy a tasty treat. Come my little darlings and
be quick.”
Gloo screamed out, “No!” But the Queen had the end of his tail stuffed into his mouth.
The Doomalings, who had been circling like vultures in a trance awoke and began to descend. Their snouts began to flare as the slits in their noses opened. They could smell the fresh scent of Christy’s, soul and were coming down to feast.
The witch crossed her arms and smiled as the, Doomalings, landed on her bed. Their whip-like tongues began to lick their snouts as they leaned toward their victim. They pressed their cold snouts against the flesh of Christy, as she closed her eyes and cried out. The crow, Prate, screamed out as well.
The crow, Prate, had seen the vial containing Spring Awaking fall from Gloo’s hand and had squawked out a scream. The witch turned in time to see the vial crash and break on the floor.
“WHAT! N-O-O-O”, she screamed. “How can this be? AAAAAAgggggghhhhh!!! What was in that vile you worm?”
Gloo said nothing.
The Queen glared at Goo, “Oh what could you possibly know, you witless kanat. She now realized why, Gloo, had been squirming so much. She raised her wand. “Finesto trans neddy,” and Gloo turned completely into a donkey and fell to the ground. With his four legs sprawled on the floor, he lay there blinking his big brown eyes. In his moment of truth he sat up on his hind legs, and looked at his front leg hooves. A sad look came onto his donkey’s face and he let out a long bray. Seeing this, Christy, felt sorry for the dwarf, even though he had tricked her.
The Queen felt no pity and raised her wand for one of the worst curses she could give the dwarf—or-anyone, for that matter. It was the spell of infinite non-existence: Infi-Exultancy-Demery. This spell removed not only the recipient, but all of those that have come before or after him. Their children, grandchildren, and so on. No one would know them, or that they had ever existed. This was a spell that a witch had to use wisely. That is because no witch could ever know exactly what the exact outcome would be. History could be changed by the absence of one.
As the witch raised her hand she heard a crack, followed by another. The ice-floor was beginning to fracture and splinter. She lowered her hands. “Now what!” she screeched out. “Well…so that was the vile that contained “The Awaking of Spring”, darn you, dwarf. Ooooh well, it is only the Awaking, not Spring itself. I can fix that soon enough.”
Gloo, ran to the corner of the room and lay down, putting his hooves over his eyes. The witch glanced over at Ice-Ghost and saw that he was beginning to thaw. Infuriated and caught by surprise, she took a deep breath and held still for a moment, as the changes were taking place. Releasing her breathe slowly she had calmed herself and stood poised. She thought, I have no time for this play, I must prepare, while there is still a window in the world. Time is running short. She turned to, Gloo, “I’ll shall deal with you later mule.”
The Doomalings, sensing the Spring Awaking, started to screech. Their eyes began to widen and turn around and around in circles. Their bodies began to form marble-sized bubbles under their skins. The bubbles began to move randomly under their skin as they teetered and sputtered. Each with a wailing screech jumped off the bed where Christy, lay and flew back into the Potion Cauldron from whence they came. The ice vines that held Christy, down began to retreat as they melted.
“R-A-T-S!” the Queen called out, but no rats came.
Ice-Ghost looked at Christy and asked, “Are you all right”
Christy opened her eyes and smiled, “Yes, the Doomalings put their icy snouts on me and I felt the cold emptiness of them, but it was Gloo who stopped it.
Ice-Ghost turned to the witch. “You have the Ice-Crystal, now let us go. You made a promise on the stone.”
“Yes, but you broke the deal when your accomplice, Gloo, awoke Spring at your bidding.”
“He did not awake spring at my bidding. He did it on his own accord.”
“Well then, good, good, one bad turn deserves another, as I have always said. Aaah ha ha ha.”
The witch tapped the floor with her wand and a new sheet of ice formed on it, re-covering the fractured floor. With the exception of the high window that the crow would fly through, all the openings in the walls froze shut. The Queen looked around and was pleased. She stood silent for a moment and then spouted out, “Ghost, I will keep my bargain in the same fashion as you have kept yours.”
The witch raised her wand and the tip of it began to glow. “Excandlia!” she screamed out, and all the lights in the room went out. The tip of her wand remained glowing, illuminating her cruel grimacing face, while her snakes swayed and danced about on her head. Everyone else appeared as darkened figures, except for their eyes.
~Sheila~
The Queen’s wand remained glowing in the dark. She closed her eyes and summoned her new ally. “Come out, come out, my Sheila Serpentina.” The Queen’s body began to shake and convulse, as the smaller snakes on the top of her head moved aside. At first, a large ice snake’s nose began to emerge from the top of her head. It seemed to struggle at first, then its nostrils opened up and it took a deep breathe. It paused for a moment and flicked its tongue about, as if it were perhaps testing the air. Or maybe it was just trying to sense where its prey was.
After a moment of flickering, its tongue went back into its head. The giant serpentine began to slowly and smoothly slither out of its master’s head. Its radiant light green eyes and strong jaw were now visible. Its head shimmered from the glow of the wand.
The snake slithered out beyond its neck before it paused again, and took a look around the room. She saw her prey standing in the room, but pretended to pay it little attention. Once Sheila had completely slithered out the Queen’s head, the Queen stopped convulsing and opened her eyes. Sheila moved about on the floor. The tail of the snake’s body encircled the Queens body, while the head raised itself up facing the captives.
The Queen addressed Ice-Ghost. “As I said before, Ghost, one bad turn deserves another, wouldn’t you say…Ghost? Since I am a lady of my word and oath, I will not harm you or your little friends. But I cannot say the same for Sheila. When I come back from the northern top of the world, I will feed your bodies to my rats. That is, unless, Sheila, finds them edible.
The Queen, spoke to the snake in sweet soft hisses. Sheila’s green eyes never strayed from her prey. When she was through, she spoke as if she were speaking to herself. “Well I must be off, excurpolar”, and with that the room went dark and the witch was gone. Sheila closed her eyes.
When the room went dark, Christy, called out to Ice-Ghost. He responded, “Don’t worry, I am here.” Searching in the darkness he found Christy. “Hold on to my arm and do not let go,” He said nothing more. The room went silent.
The silence was so penetrating, that inside the room it felt as if time had stopped and no longer existed. Or like there had been no time before, and there would be no time after, all seemed void.
In the dark Sheila’s tongue began to flicker in and out and then she spoke. “Well I can both s-s-sense and taste you. O and your heartsss, they are beating ssso fassst. Little one, don’t worry, only my k-i-s-s-s of death will you feel, and not for very long. It will be gentle. My milk is both sweet and relaxing. It will make you feel warm, in a world that to you, seems ssso cold. It is pleasant. Sheila began to hum a tune that was spell binding.
Hmm dee dee dum
Oh da dee da dee dum
The sun is out nice
Though it can bite
But for you it’s a beautiful day
Sha la la la la la
Sha la la la la la
For you it’s a beautiful day
Hmmmm hmm hmmm
To Ice-Ghost and Christy, Sheila’s song felt soothing and relaxing. Gloo, remained with his hoofs over his eyes, while he tried to block out the song with the tips of his long pointed ears. Ice-Ghost, and Christy’s, eye lids began to feel heavy as their problems seemed to melt away.
Sha la la hmmm mmm hmmm
Hear the Meadowlark calling
No time for stalling
Let’s put our difference away
Come closer come closer
Let the cold become warmer
Rejoice and enjoy the day
Hmm hmm diddle dee dum
“Perhaps Numan, you ssshould come forward and ssshow our little darling how ssweeet and painless our friendship can be.”
Both Ice-Ghost, and Christy had fallen into a trance.
Sheila now insisting, “Come Numan, time is wasting away.”
Ice-Ghost repeated “time is wasting away” and had taken a half step forward when, Gloo, began to bray. Christy, held on tight to Ghost’s arm as he had asked her to. The braying and the pull of Christy’s, hand awoke Ghost from his trance.
“Christy” Ice-Ghost, whispered.
She said nothing.
“Christy” Ice-Ghost, whispered again, this time he accompanied it with a gentle shaking of her hand, and Christy, awoke.
“Ice-Ghost, what happened?”
“We were in a trance, but say no more.”
Sheila opened her eyes and they immediately went from green to red. She spoke cold and callously. “Well my little warm bloods, I see my charm and wisdom has lost its appeal. Very well then! We shall do this the Queens way, brutal and heartless. I may even enjoy this.” Sheila closed her eyes.
The room felt empty and void, until they heard a heavy, grinding, rasping sound that was moving towards them. It was the thick cold body of, Sheila, slithering and grinding her way on the ice towards them. Christy felt its cold thick body rub against her leg, as it sought out Ice Ghost. Frantically she tugged on Ice-Ghost’s arm and warned, “It is here.”
Ice-Ghost fumbled through the pouches on his belt as Sheila’s body began to coil around him. “I’ve got it” he whispered, as Sheila continued wrapping her body around his. One arm had become entangled in the snake’s coil while the other remained free. The entangled arm held the tooth of Moldolff, and his shining locket.
Sheila’s, coil began to tighten. She squeezed harder and harder until Ice-Ghost, had no choice but to release what he had preciously held in his hand. Both locket and tooth fell to the floor. The locket struggled to shine, so that most of the room still remained darkened. All that anyone could see was that Ice-Ghost was locked in a deadly battle with a giant snake. Christy looked on in horror just a few feet away. Sheila glistened as her body absorbed the shining light of the locket. Her backside shone brilliantly in the dark. Each scute on her back sparkled like five-karat diamonds. The scutes ran from the tip of her tail to just below her head, while her under-belly had none. Her under-belly had the appearance frosted glass. Her head was both smooth and clear like crystal.
On the sides of her head were light green bulging eyes. In the middle of those eyes were black slits. Slits that could draw her prey into her world of wonderful lies. Worst of all were her two deadly fangs. At the base of her fangs she stored a white milky venom. Her exterior shone and sparkled with the slightest of movement.
Ice-Ghost fought for his life, as Sheila lunged her head forward, trying to put her deadly fangs into the chest of Ice-Ghost. With his free arm he thwarted her lunges, but he knew he couldn’t do it for long.
Gloo began to bray and thought to himself, “No, no, no, what have I done? What have I done?” He looked to where the locket lay and saw, Ice-Ghost, fighting for his life. The shine from the locket also revealed, Moldolff’s, tooth and the bottom part of the broken vile.
Gloo, stared hard at the bottle and saw what he was hoping to see. He saw that part of the broken vile still had some of the Spring Awaking in it. With a lot of hope and excitement, Gloo, began to bray. Sheila, kept lunging at Ice-Ghost, as she tightened her grip even more. Finally Ice Ghost was able to free his other hand. Gloo, could be heard braying as, Ice Ghost, groaned and leaned forward. Both he and Sheila fell to the ground.
Christy froze, not knowing what to do and cried out to, Gloo.
“Gloo, we must do something, please.”
Gloo, kept braying until he finally found his voice. Panting heavily, he ran over to Christy and said, “The tooth!”
“The tooth?”, Christy questioned. Then blurted out, “yes of course the tooth.” She ran and grabbed the tooth and lunged at the snake. She began stabbing at the snake with the tooth, but it did not seem to have any effect.
Gloo, ran to the broken bottom of the vial. Pointing at it with his ears he shouted out, “girl, quick, dip the tooth in here, quick!”
Christy, noticed for the first time the broken bottom piece of the vial. She also knew what, Gloo, wanted her to do. With both his donkey’s ears still pointed at the broken vial he shouted out, “Hurry, dip it in, dip in it.”
Ice-Ghost could feel some of his bones bending from the pressure. With both hands free now, he held onto the large neck of Sheila. Closer and closer she drew her fangs towards his chest. Not able to bear any more pain, Ice-Ghost let out a loud cry, “Aahhhhh!”
With dipped fang, Christy ran to where Ice-Ghost and Sheila battled. With all her might she thrust the fang into the head of Shiela and stood back. Moldolff’s fang stuck into the snake’s head, though not very deep. The giant snake was caught by surprise. Quickly she released her prey, and with lightning speed turned and faced Christy.
Standing on two coils and with eyes blinking she stared at the little girl in awe. She then felt a sharp pain in the back of her head and wondered what this meant. Ice-Ghost, still remained on the ground with bruised ribs.
Sheila, stared at Christy, with an almost quizzical look and then spoke. “Well, little sssneak, I give you credit. Quite redeemable no doubt, but not enough! Tissk, tisssk tisssk, and it doesn’t look like your Numen, can no longer to protect you, ssooo…”, with fangs displayed she suddenly lunged forward and just an inch before she struck, she stopped. She felt a sudden sharp pain in her head and a tingle in her tail.
She reeled back to her upright position. Her eyes blinked and her mouth gaped. She spoke, “What issssshh thissss…I feel…”, and began to fracture. In a split second, she broke into a thousand pieces. All that remained was a long-curved pile of sparkling diamonds. Ice-Ghost, lay still on the floor. Both Gloo, and Christy, quickly turned to the fallen, Ice-Ghost.
In frantic voices they echoed, “Ice-Ghost, Ice-Ghost, are you all right?”
Ice-Ghost stirred and answered, “Yes, I’m okay, just a little bruised, I suppose.”
Ice-Ghost, eventually returned to his feet, and they searched the dimly lit room and found some candles.
Christy, feeling elated began to rejoice, “The snake has fallen to fragments. We are free. Free to go home, Ice-Ghost, wherever our homes may be.”
“No, I do not think that we can leave”, replied Ghost, “Not yet. The witch has both crystals.”
She has already blocked the path that leads to your world.
“How can you be so sure?” Christy, asked.
Gloo, turned to Christy, “He knows, girl, he knows.”
“Only the, Ice-Queen, can now open that path. We can wait at the end of the path, but I fear it will never open, even though the two worlds are still aligned. The window is closed.”
“What do we do, then?” asked, Gloo.
“I must go to the northern top of this world and destroy the witch.”
“Why the north? I mean…how can you be so sure that she is there?” Christy asked.
Ice-Ghost gave this some thought. “There are two reasons, but first let me explain. The energies on the northern side of this world swirl upward from the equator to its northern pole. The same occurs on the southern side of this world. At the equator the north and south energies repel each other. The north never crosses the south and the south never crosses the north. However, it is at each pole that these energies mass together and become more concentrated.
You can feel the energy in the air and at night they light up the sky. They both glow and dazzle the viewer. But the energies of the north and south are different.
Christy thought about this for a moment then asked, “Yes, but why do think she is at the North…and couldn’t there be others?”
“Others”, mused Ice-Ghost. Most likely not! Witches are not very kind to witches. And as for the north, she is the witch of the north.”
Christy dared not ask about the south.
Ghost continued, “The poles are where witches can tap into the energy force and use it at their will. And now that she has the crystals she can store greater amounts of energy.”
“Then these energies must be horrible”, Christy exclaimed.
“They are neither good or bad, it is just the forces of this world. Nonetheless I must seek her out there. I must go north. She will go there to raise the Hidden Kingdom and make claim of both the north and south. But it will not stop there. I must stop her.”
With ears pointed upward, Gloo, inquired, “The road to the northern top is long! Stopping her? Can you do that, Ghost? Do you have that kind of power?”
“No, but I must try, and I must hurry before she raises her Kingdom from the ice. She will first have to locate the kingdom’s whereabouts, that may give me some time.”
With her hopes now quelled, Christy’s, eyes welled up and she let slip out, “There seems to be so little hope. How I do wish I was at home.” She caught herself saying that, but it was too late. With her eyes to the floor she apologetically said, “I am sorry for saying that, but I do.” She then looked at, Ice-Ghost, and said, “But I will go with you.”
Ice-Ghost, lowered his head and said, “I do not know which is safer, leaving you here or taking you with me. The Doomalings, may have frightened the ice-rats away, but I fear it is only temporary. They will be back. And it will be a long journey to the northern top of the world. Perhaps an impossible one, but we must try.”
Christy softly blurted out, “Then it sounds as if were doomed”, and then put her hands to her face and quietly wept.
Gloo, had a quizzical look on his face and quickly interjected. “I don’t know, I don’t know, maybe not. I have never dared to enter into the witch’s cauldron by myself, but I have seen it flown without her being in it. When the renegade we call the “Waxen Dwarf” helped trap Princess Ringold’s, mother, he was allowed to use her cauldron. He flew it by himself!”
Christy removed her hands from her face and asked Gloo, “How is that possible? Does the Waxen Dwarf possess magic?”
“No, I think it flew because the witch can store her magic in it. A magic that powers the cauldron.”
Ice-Ghost, walked over to the corner of the room where the witch’s flying cauldron sat. He looked inside the cauldron and saw a footstool and a club. There was a light frost on the bottom of the cauldron. He guessed that the witch must use the footstool when she flies her cauldron. As for the other item, he chose not to think about.
Christy saw the club and it gave her a nauseous feeling.
Ghost, inquired “Gloo, can you operate this?”
Looking at his hooves, Gloo, replied, “Like this? I don’t think so, though I would never have dared to think it. But I will tell you what I do know. Somewhere there is a lever, if you can find it, pull it. It allows you to operate it manually.”
Ice-Ghost, stepped into the cauldron and searched for the lever, but could not find it.
Christy, joined in but they still had no luck. Ice-Ghost stepped out of the cauldron.
“Gloo, how sure are you of this lever? Have you ever seen it.” asked Ice-Ghost?
In a voice that seemed to have a trace of remorse in it he replied, “I only heard of it.”
Ice-Ghost replied, “then it may not exist.”
“No, it exists. I am sorry for this, but I was there.”
“You were there, where is there?” asked, Ice-Ghost.
“There is here. When the, Waxen Dwarf, went to capture Princess Ringold’s mother, I was there! But I did not know what he was about to do. The witch…Queen… never told me anything about her plans. I was always kept in the dark. Yet it was in this very room that she commanded the, Waxen Dwarf, to take prisoner the princess’s mother. I  was in this room, and should not have been. When they entered I hid myself from her, as like I did today. I saw him but he did not see me. His eyes had dark circles around them.
She gave him instructions on how he would capture her. She said the princess’s father would be even easier to capture. When she was through with her instructions, he mused for a moment while slowly stroking his beard and then asked, “Yes, but how will I get there”, he asked?
The Queen reiterated, “You mean, but how will I get there my Lady?”
“Y-e-s”, he replied, “revealing no emotions.
The Queen growled before she commanded him to take her Chariot, as she often called it.
When he was ready to leave he called out, “I don’t know how to start this”, to which she replied, “Pull the lever fool, it is right there, next to the door…now pull it.”
“Y-e-s”, he replied.
I heard the cauldron stir and moments later off it went.”
This gave everyone new hope and, Ice-Ghost, re-entered the cauldron and started to look again. Gloo, decided to look for the lever from the outside of the cauldron. Standing with his front legs up against the cauldron he began to straddle around it, hoping to find the lever. As he straddled around the cauldron he was caught by surprise, his hoof sunk into the face of the cauldron. “ah, what, hey…Ghost, I think I found something! Look at my hoof.”
Ice-Ghost, watched as Gloo, pushed his hoof into the side of the cauldron. Ghost replied, “Yes, I think you may have found it.” He then reached his hand into the void and found the lever and pulled. Up popped a steering wheel similar to that of a ship’s. Once the steering wheel popped up, the cauldron began to make a soft woom-woom sound. “Well, this is interesting”, Ghost, mused.
Grabbing two of the handles on the wheel, he turned the wheel to the right, and the pot turned right. He turned the wheel the other way, and it turned left. He lightly pulled the wheel back, and it gently lifted off the floor. He lightly pushed the wheel forward, and it gently returned to the floor. The door to the cauldron remained hidden.
Well, this seems easy enough thought, Ice-Ghost. He looked at Christy, and she looked imploringly back at him. “Okay, Christy, I will take you. But you must promise to do as I ask when we get there.”
Christy smiled and said, “But I want to help.” Just then a long faint “Reaaaaacht” could be heard from outside. The witch’s rats had been gathering at a safe distance away from the castle.
“Promise me you will”, urged the Ghost
Christy, lowered her head and said, “Promise.”
Gloo, with eyes wide open, begged, “Please take me with you. I don’t want to stay here, and maybe I can help.”
Ice-Ghost, looked at the size of the cauldron and thought for a moment, “Very well, but this is going to be a very dangerous venture.”
“I know that very well,” Gloo, replied anxiously. “But if the witch is destroyed my people will be freed. It has always been my purpose to put my people back together again.”
“So,” said Ice-Ghost, “is that the reason you have been the witch’s henchman for so long?”
Gloo, bowed his head and answered, “Yes, it has been a terrible life and I am sorry.”
Ice-Ghost got out of the cauldron and knelt on one knee, so that he was face to face with Gloo.
“I am sorry to hear that, my friend,” said Ice-Ghost. Gloo, raised his eyes at the word friend and knew that the, Ice-Ghost, had meant it.
“And thank you, Gloo, for saving us. We could not have escaped without your help.”
Gloo smiled. “You’re welcome, but let’s not speak of that anymore, friend. For now I would like to know, how are we going to deal with this witch?”
“I don’t know,” replied, Ice-Ghost, “but we have rats that will soon find the courage to enter the castle again. I think we are safe for now, but we must hurry and make a plan.
“What do you think we should do now, Ice-Ghost?” asked Christy.
Ice-Ghost, lowered his head and said, “I don’t know yet, Christy, but we’ll find something.”
~The Plan~
As he paced and pondered for a plan, he noticed that something sparkled on the floor. It was the last droplets of Spring Awaking, un-spilled at the bottom of the broken vial. That gave him an idea. Ice-Ghost, picked up both the tooth and the broken vial. He sat down and removed from one of his bags, an object resembling a twisted nail. Using the twisted nail, he methodically began to drill into the top of, Moldolff’s, tooth.
Gloo, more than curious now, asked, “So you have a plan, Ghost!”
“Yes, my friend, but it was really your idea.”
“Good, good, I won’t ask about the details till you’re done.”
“Thank you again, my friend, and I am glad because I do not want to worry anyone yet.”
After fifteen minutes of painstaking work he hollowed a hole in the tip of the tooth. He then poured the last remaining droplets of Spring Awaking into it. Using wax from one of the witch’s candles, he covered the hole and was done. Just then a loud, “reeeeeaaaacht”, was heard from outside the castle’s wall. Tucking the tooth into his tunic he stood up and looked at, Gloo, and Christy. “I think it is time that we left for the top of the world now. We must hurry.”
Everyone climbed into the cauldron. As Ice-Ghost began to pull back on the wheel, they suddenly heard a voice call out.
“Wait! Wait! P-l-e-a-s-e, please take me with you.” Everyone turned to see where the voice had come from. They scanned the room and it was Christy who first noticed that there was a face in the mirror. How odd she thought. The eyes in the mirror blinked and Christy called out, “I think it was the mirror!”
In the mirror that hung on the wall everyone saw the face, it’s eyes looking sad and imploring.
It repeated, “Please, please please take me with you.”
Gloo, turned to, Ice-Ghost. “The mirror is no more of a friend to the witch than I am.”
Ice-Ghost turned to the mirror and spoke, “Mirror of Panoramian, I presume.”
“It is I, my young Numen.”
Christy softly inquired, “Numen. Why do they call him that?”
Gloo interrupted her thought. “Do not bother yourself about that name yet, girl.”
Christy turned to Gloo. “Christy, please call me Christy.”
Gloo blushed and smiled. “I am sorry. For now, Christy, forget the name.”
Christy saw the urgency in, Gloo, and smiled. “Yes, there are greater things at hand.”
The conversation continued with, Ice-Ghost, and the mirror. “No doubt you have a story that needs to be told, but time is short. As I have said, it will be dangerous and there will be no place for anyone to hide. You could easily be broken, I fear.”
The mirror replied, “Please, call me Pan. And as for a place to hide, I need none. I have not had a place to hide from the witch’s scorn for a very long time. I would rather chance being broken or cracked than spend the next thousand years at the mercy of the Witch/Queen.”
“Very well then, Pan, but you come at your own peril. We must hurry.”
“Thank you, thank you,” said Pan.
Hurriedly Ice-Ghost, and Gloo, took Pan off the wall as the ice-rats gnawed through the frozen door and entered the room.
“Ice-rats!” Christy, cried out.
Ghost called out, “Everyone into the cauldron, now!” as the ice-rats ran towards them.
With, Pan, in their hands they ran and had to leap into the cauldron. Pan could be heard shouting, “Whoooa, take care now, take care.” Pan’s glass remained intact. Ice-Ghost grabbed the wheel and quickly pulled it back. Upward and into the air the cauldron went. All the rats leaped up and grabbed for the cauldron. Only two of the giant rats succeeded in grabbing the cauldron’s rim and began to pull it down. Ice-Ghost, struggled with the wheel. One of the ice-rat’s head was peering inside the cauldron when, Christy, screamed out, “Ice rat.”
Ghost shouted out, “Christy, huddle down on the bottom of the cauldron”
Christy tried to reply, “But I…”
“The promise”, said Ghost.
“Yes, I know”, and Christy reluctantly huddled down.
Not knowing what else to do, Ghost, called out, “Gloo, grab the wheel.”
“With what?”
“With your hoofs”
“But I-I-I can’t …ah”
“Do it N-O-W” demanded, Ghost.
“Okay”, Gloo, put his hoofs on the steering wheel of the cauldron and began to fly it.
Ice Ghost turned and began smashing the rat’s clinging claws with his fist. Harder and harder he pounded until the rat let go. As the rat let go, the cauldron rocked and swayed through the air. Gloo’s body went sideways before going forward and into the steering wheel, sending it careening through the room. Closer to the floor it flew, crashing into everything that lay on the floor.
The flooring of the cauldron was slippery and, Gloo, struggled, as he tried to regain control of the wheel. Ghost shouted out, “Steady Gloo, steady, pull back on the wheel.”
“I’m trying Ghost, I’m trying.” Pan’s, face was tossed around from corner to corner, until it eventually disappeared into the depths of his mirror.
The other rats seeing the low flying cauldron renewed their chase. The cauldron hit a box sending, Ghost, up into the air, and out of the cauldron. As he came downward, he too, had to grab hold of the cauldrons rim. Hanging onto the rim he began to kick at the remaining rat until it finally let go. Pulling himself back into the careening cauldron, he reached, Gloo, just as, Gloo, regained control of the wheel. In a hurried voice, Ghost, urged, “Gloo I think I should take the wheel, for at least now.
“Yes, yes, please do.”
Upward they went, but not very fast. Christy sat up from her huddled position and soon cried out, “More rats…oh will it ever end?” Ghost, maintained the wheel, fearing that if he let go, the cauldron would slow or stop. Two more rats had grabbed hold of the rim and had almost climbed in when, Ghost, shouted out, “Gloo, you must do something, my hands are tied. With both hind legs, Gloo, kicked one of the rats so hard, it flew a good distance away from the cauldron before falling to the floor. The cauldron began to rise again, but there was still one more remaining rat to be dealt with. Feeling embolden, Gloo, jumped on top of the rim and began stomping on the rat’s claws as they continued to ascend. Not being able to bear the pain, the remaining rat released one of its claws and, Gloo, began to jump on the other.
“Careful Gloo,” was all that Christy, could say, before the rat let loose his other paw and grabbed Gloo, by his ears as it fell. Christy, had only a second to grab, Gloo’s, tail as his body disappeared from sight. Gloo’s, tail wrapped around, Christy’s, arm as she struggled from being pulled down with, Gloo.
“Ow, my ears! Ow, my tail!” is what everyone heard next.
The ice-rat quickly climbed up Gloo, putting its snout into the cauldron. What everyone heard next surprised them. It was a solid, “W-H-A-M.” Christy, had punched the ice-rat on its sensitive nose. This punch was harder than any girl Christy’s age could have possibly imagined or done. Down went the rat and the cauldron bounced higher into the air. They were now safe and out of reach of the rats. Gloo, was pulled back into the cauldron.
Ghost, turned to Christy, “Ahhh, nice punch, Christy, had that for very long?”
With her own feeling of disbelief, she answered, “Nooo…just found it,” as she shrugged her shoulders and smiled. In a daze, Christy, sat down and softly spoke out her thoughts. I just punched a giant rat on the nose… I actually did it!
Both Gloo, and Ghost, had a looked of surprise, mixed with wonderment as they looked upon the little girl, not so little anymore.
Ice-Ghost, flew the cauldron out of the castle and into the horizon.
Ghost, felt reluctant about bringing up the subject of the promise, nonetheless felt he had to. “Christy, about the promise.”
Christy, looked up and without hesitation and interjected, “I kept it.”
Not knowing what to say next, Ghost, looked to, Gloo, who only smiled as he tilted his head and shrugged his shoulders. Turning back to Christy he answered, “Well, yes…you did…..and um…thank you.”
Ghost, smiled as he turned around and continued flying the cauldron northbound. Everyone felt relieved and very tired from their ordeal. Their trip started out with very little talking. Christy soon fell asleep. Ice-Ghost, had a lot on his mind, and Christy, was certainly one of them.
When Christy, awoke she could hear Ice-Ghost, and Gloo, softly speaking. As they flew she couldn’t help but wonder, what was Ice-Ghost, going to do? What she knew for certain was that both the tooth and droplet of Spring Awaking had something to do with it. Was he going to kill the witch?
“Ice-Ghost,” she finally straight-forwardly asked, “Are you going to kill the witch with that tooth?
“No, I do think that this will kill her. Spring could never be a poison. I am only hoping to prick her with the tooth. If I succeed perhaps some of the coldness she holds so near to her heart will thaw out. She was not always a mean-spirited person.”
“What do you mean”, asked Christy
“Long ago the world Henne was a place of warmth and beauty. The forest were green and the meadows filled with flowers of many colors and variety’s. The world had piece and tranquility. But one day the Queen’s husband, the King, was killed in a hunting accident. Brundehildigart and Valencia her twin sister where but children then.
Gloo quickly interjected, “It was no accident.”
Ghost added, “Gloo has not been the first to say that. Not much longer after the King’s death, it was discovered that the Queen had been practicing magic. The people of her village became weary and mistrusted her. However, time went on with little incident from the Queen.
As the sisters continued to grow and blossom, it appeared to many that Brundehildigart’s beauty and nature surpassed that of her sisters. Valencia was more like her mother in stature and nature. This difference the Queen took to heart, since she favored Valencia. She began to concoct potions and elixars to help Valencia rival her sister’s beauty. She said nothing of it at first to Valencia, but later confided the truth to her.
At first Valencia was hurt by the Queen’s act. But deep down inside the differences in their beauty had already began to bother her. And at events or just walking in town she was always reminded by onlookers how beautiful her sister was. The Queen and Valencia’s hearts darkened and they began to conspire against Brundehiligart. The Queen had already began to teach Valencia the art of magic.”
With a disheartened look Christy interrupted again, “That’s not fair. A mother should never have a favorite. I would never be jealous of my sister…if I had one. But I still don’t understand. Why is Brundehiligart so evil?
Ghost continued, “There was a boy named Thomas whose father was a renown boat maker and a man of wealth. As children Thomas, and Brunde were best of friends. As they grew their friendship grew, yet always in a slightly different way. Their tween years had passed them passed by. There came a long cold winter where they had not seen each other at all. It would not be until the town’s spring day celebration that they would meet again.
At the very first day of the Spring Celebration they met. Thomas beheld Brunde and knew then that he had loved her. That he had always loved her and she felt no different. It was on that day that they professed their love to each other. Thomas promised that when he became a boat maker like his father he would ask for her hand.
The Queen got word of this and was infuriated. Her thoughts and plans had always been for Valencia to marry Thomas once they became of age. The Queen quickly thought up a cruel and wicked plan. She used a transformation spell to make Valencia look like Brunde. On the second day of the Springtime Celebration, Valencia, left early to the celebration while Brunde remained at home finishing her chores.
Valencia did as her mother asked and found Thomas, at the celebration. At first, she flirted with Thomas, and then began to flirt and dance with other young men. She then drank several glasses of a sweet wine made from the Toot Mountain Vineyards. Thomas was befuddled by Brunde’s behavior and pleaded for her to stop and that he would take her home.
Brunde refused and got angry with him. She then asked one of the young men to walk her home. Thomas asked if he could go with them, but she scolded him to go away. Thomas was so distraught that he walked towards the river and was never seen again. It was on that day that mother betrayed daughter, sister betrayed sister and daughter betrayed mother.”
“That sounds so awful and twisted!” Christy paused for a moment in thought as her hair wavered to the wind. “Ghost”
“I see you still have questions.”
“I’m sorry to bother you with them, but it’s just that I understand the part of mother betraying daughter and sister betraying sister, but what about daughter betraying mother?”
“Ah yes that part. To better understand that part a lot more needs to be told, and now unfortunately, isn’t that moment. For the rest of the trip I must concentrate on finding the Brundehiligart and pricking her with this tooth.”
“Oh yes, I’m sorry, but I had almost forgotten.” She thought about the quest again. “So…Ghost…can you get close enough to the witch to use that tooth?” And what if that doesn’t work?”
“I do not know, but where there is hope, there is life! At least that’s what some people say.”
This was not an answer everyone felt highly hopeful about, but it sufficed. Christy, looked at the mirror and asked, “Ghost, is Pan alright?”
“Yes, I spoke with Pan while you slept. It seems his mirror was in disarray, and he is now putting things back into order again.”
“Things in his mirror. What could he possibly have in his mirror?”
Ghost guardedly replied, “I don’t know.”
“Oh” and she asked nothing more.
Everyone fell silent again, as they continued their northern air-trek to top of the world.
At times the silence was so deafening, all that they could hear was their heartbeats and the wind. The hours slowly passed by. Periodically, Christy, viewed the horizon and noticed how it was changing. The closer they ventured to the top of the world, the fewer the trees and hills were. Eventually there were no trees or hills. They were getting close.
As they approached the northern top of the world, Ghost, called into the mirror.
“Pan, we are getting close to the northern pole, can you help us?”
A thin light image of Pan, appeared in the mirror with its eyes closed, as if he were sleeping. Christy whispered, “Is he sleeping?”
“I don’t know.” Ghost, replied. He softly spoke, “Pan are you awake?”, and Pan still did not answer. Gloo tapped the mirror, harder than he had wanted, and the mirror violently rattled.
Pan woke up startled, “Hey who, what, did anyone…” and saw his friends looking at him.
Gloo, quickly apologized for tapping his mirror so hard. Ghost, quickly explained to Pan, to their situation.
“Can you help us find the, Queen”, asked Pan?
“Of course, my good Numen”, and Pan started to scan the ice-scape for the whereabouts of the witch. When he found her, he navigated them towards the spot where she was standing. As they got closer, they could see the tiny figure of the, Queen, in the distance.
Pan, stopped the cauldron and hovered it in the air.
“This is as far as everyone goes. I will finish this adventure alone,” said Ice-Ghost.
“No!” everyone cried.
“I am sorry, but this I must do alone.”
Pan, boomed out, “We have no time left. Look, the castle of the, Queen, is already rising from the ground. If it is allowed to completely rise she will enter into it and find the Chain of Deprivation. She will attach the Ice-Crystal to it, and it will give her powers beyond her comprehension. She will have the power to keep this world in a deep crystal sleep forever. Finish her now, Numen, or none of us will see our freedoms again. You must act now, Numen, now!”
“Then the Chain of Deprivation is not a myth?”, Ghost asked.
“No, it is not! The Chain of Deprivation is a reality”, replied Pan.
Seeing the urgency in, Pan’s, eyes Ghost, replied, “Okay then we’ll go together.
Gloo, can you fly this?”
“What? Fly this? You saw what happened in the Enchantment Room.” I…I…I don’t have any hands. I don’t know. I don’t know.”
“Fly it, Gloo, you can do it. You must do it, and now!”
“All right, all right, but I sure wish I had some hands. I’d feel more comfortable about this. But what are you planning on doing?”
“Hopefully I can get close enough to her with this tooth.”
Gloo, looked at the tooth. “You know, Ghost, this is the very first time that I can say I’m glad to see that tooth. But how do you plan on getting that close to the Queen?”
“You’re going to fly me close enough to the Queen, so that I can jump out of the cauldron and prick her with this tooth. After I jump, Gloo, you must quickly turn and fly the cauldron to a safe place.”
“Okay, but couldn’t I just land the cauldron on top of her?”
“No, too risky, but Pan is right, we are out of time. You must do it now.”
Gloo, took the wheel and with a look of determination replied, “Okay I’ll do it.”
Looking down at the Queen Gloo uttered, “Look out, Queen Brundehildigart, you’re about to experience the secret of Spring.”
Ice-Ghost, warned Christy, to keep her head down as they quickly descended towards the Queen. The air had been filled with the crackling and grinding sounds of the world’s most supreme Ice-Castle rising up from the frozen ground.
The castle creaked and groaned as it slowly emerged from the ground. First to be seen rising from the ground were the flags. These flags were on small steeple shaped roofs of the castles turrets. These small turrets were on top of larger towers which were now revealing themselves. The castle appeared to be of a grand size. The front of the castle had an arched shaped doorway that began to emerge.
Appearing to rise at a slightly faster rate was a wall that surrounded the castle. As the wall rose the top of a large gateway appeared. On both sides of the gateway, a large egg rose up from the ground. Each egg was tethered with a long chain that had been attached to the castle’s wall. The eggs cracked open and two-winged ice dragons emerged, chained to the wall. They quickly began to grow as they screamed out. It was both an amazing and terrifying sight to see.
Downward the cauldron flew. Gloo shouted out, “Ice Dragons, oh no oh no!!! What next?”
Ghost brought out the tooth that contained the last droplets of Spring Awaking in it. He pushed it into his sleeve, while he held onto the top of it with his palm. He turned to, Gloo, “Don’t lose all hope yet my friend, and remember, after I leap from the cauldron, quickly turn and fly to a safe place.” He clutched the tooth in his hand and readied himself for what he had to do next. As he got closer to the, Queen, he removed the wax from the tip of the tooth and readied himself for the lunge.
Downward the cauldron raced. “Steady, steady. Turn now, Gloo!” Ghost, jumped out of the cauldron and flew towards the, Queen. The, Queen, suddenly sensing the presence of her cauldron, turned around with snake-like speed. “Suspensia!” she blurted out, and, Ice-Ghost, froze in the air, just inches away from her. Gloo and the others sped away.
As the others sped away the Queen, hit the cauldron with a pounding spell, toppling it over in the air. Gloo, Pan, and Christy, fell to the ground and did not stir. The other contents of the cauldron lay scattered beside them.
~In the Clutch~
Just inches away and a foot or two above the Queens feet, Ice-Ghost remained suspended in the air. The tooth was cupped in his hand and out of the view of the witch. If only he could just twitch a finger, or twist his wrist, he could drop it on the, Queens, exposed ankle. But he could not get any part of his body to move, only his eyes had movement.
“Well isn’t this appropriate, that while I raise my kingdom, Ghost, you should be at my feet. How fitting indeed.”
The, Queen, smugly laughed and went back to raising her castle. The ground continued to groan and shake as the castle emerged. The witch laughed with glee and returned her attention to Ice-Ghost.
“I thought I’d killed you, Ghost. You and your kind are such a pestilence. But I will soon remedy that.”
As the castle continued to rise, the ground continued to shake more violently, sending shock waves through the air. Ghost’s body began to shake and sway as it absorbed the shock waves. The tooth in his hand slowly began to slip out from his sleeve, until it fell. The Queen, turned in time to see the tooth fall. As she watched it fall, it seemed to her as if time had slowed, and she could do nothing to stop it. Down it went, the sharp point first, until it struck and stuck into her foot, remaining upright. The droplets of Spring Awaking then drained into the skin of the Queen.
She shook her foot and the tooth was flung aside. The Queen seemed perplexed by this. “What is this, Ghost? Yet another one of your stupid tricks? Well, whatever it is, it has failed.” She hesitated for a moment, and a drawn look overtook her face. She felt different and sensed that something had changed. Everything now seemed quiet. She turned and saw that her castle’s glimmering tall smooth walls had arisen. The towers with their conical spheres and the high-gated entrance loomed upward and toward the sky.
Inside the castle’s wall were the courtyards and the main building. The Keep, is where all the heirlooms of the first witch, had been locked away. It is where she believed the Chain of Deprivation would be stored. The chain that could complete the regal magic of the Ice-Crystals. She was elated with joy.
But that only lasted a moment before she sensed something was wrong. As she scanned the castle’s exterior, she noticed the front gate was not all the way up. The foundation of her castle had not completely risen. Quickly she raised her wand and repeated the spell. “Accre-altos-acroplis-menum-bondeye.” That didn’t work, so she tried another. It did not work and so she tried many more. None worked and she cast her last remaining spell. Exhausted she waited and was stifled.
She waited while neither creak nor groan disturbed the silence. She dropped both arms and stared at the castle’s wall. Her blood began to slowly boil.
~The Not So Much Plan ~
The contents of the cauldron had been tossed out and were lying on the snow-covered ground. Gloo, and Christy, began to stir as they felt the uncomfortable coldness of the snow. The cauldron had fallen on its side, shielding them from the view of the, Queen. Gloo, and Christy, slowly inched their way towards, Pan, who had landed only a few feet behind the cauldron.
Pan, looked at the two and asked, “Is everyone okay?”
Both Gloo, and Christy, chimed in, “Yes, I am fine.”
Christy, asked, “What happened, and where is, Ice-Ghost?”
Pan, answered, “We were hit by a strong spell and it knocked us out of the, Queen’s, cauldron. Numen is on the other side of the Queen, suspended in the air.”
Pan’s, face moved up to the highest corner of his mirror to see past the cauldron. He saw, Ice-Ghost, and reported to his friends. He is but a hop, skip, and a big jump away from us, on the other side of the, Queen. I think that he is okay, but things do not look so well for him now. We must do something and quick!” They were huddled and began whispering some ideas. Well, at least Pan and Christy were.
Gloo, laid on the ground with his hooves crossed over his eyes muttering, “Oohh this is bad, this is bad.” Christy, tried to calm him by putting her arm around his furry neck, but it gave, Gloo, very little comfort.
“I’ve got a plan!” said, Pan.
Christy, turned to, Gloo. “Gloo, please stop. Pan has a plan and we need you.” Gloo stopped wailing and faced, Christy. For the first time, he saw how they were somewhat alike. Both were away from their loved ones. Both seemed lost and frightened, and both needed each other to be strong. The courage of the dwarves awoke in him. His conviction to help was completely renewed. Christy, saw this in his eyes and she smiled. So did, Pan.
“I am all right now. Even better”, said Gloo. “So now, what is your plan, Pan?”
“Christy, Gloo, if the witch looses a spell on either of you, come and hide behind me.”
“What will that do and what will happen to you?”, Christy asked.
“Maybe nothing, maybe everything, but I don’t care. I want to share something with you now. Once the witch aimed a spell at me, or so I thought, but nothing ever happened. Her explanation was that she had changed her mind and wanted to be nice, but I’m not convinced. Since then, she has always threatened me with a hammer.”
Christy spoke, “Well, yes, Pan, but you could be wrong. And you could die or something worse.”
“Just do as I ask,” said Pan. “I no longer fear the witch/Queen.”
This comforted, Christy, and she smiled. Gloo, looked up.
“This is your plan, to hide behind you? Not so much of a plan, Pan, we won’t be able to hide behind you forever.’”
Pan looked at Christy and Gloo, and said, “Well, the rest will come as things progress, I imagine. I did not say it was a perfect plan.” Pan turned a light shade of grey in the awkward moment. “Listen,” said Pan. “Our Numen is in grievous trouble. The, Queen, has him frozen in the air.”
Christy, involuntarily let out an, “Oh dear.”
Pan, continued, “Maybe if we can distract the, Queen, Gloo, could Ghost-nap him and we could run and hide. Maybe he has something in one of those pouches that can help him out of that spell.”
Gloo, shook his head in disbelief. “Ghost-nap?” inquired Gloo.
“Ghost-nap, kidnap, you know what I mean,” retorted Pan.
“I don’t know, mirror,” said Gloo. “So let’s say we get, Ice-Ghost, then what? Where do we go and how will we get there? We have nowhere to hide, no food, no water!”
Pan laughed, “I don’t know. We probably won’t get that far in our plan anyhow.”
Christy, with an awe-stricken face, just stared at, Pan. Pan, looked around and saw the Queen’s, club lying on the ground. Pan then suggested, “Or, Gloo, you can take the witch’s club lying on the ground over there, sneak up behind her, and hit her on the head with it.” Christy now had a dejected look on her face and blanched.
Gloo, rubbed his ears together, “No, no, no. Even if I had hands I wouldn’t do it. Beside…I think I’m really beginning to like the first plan better, the more I think about it. It would be so unexpected and without all the complex and strangling details attached to it. It just might work! Besides, I have no better plan.”
Without changing her expression, Christy, chimed in, “It might work?”
Gloo, turned to, Christy. “And your plan, my dear?”
This seemed to put Christy on the spot. Blushing and with a faint smile, Christy, replied, “Well yes, I suppose…I-I mean…yes, I do believe it could possibly work if...”
Pan, interrupted, Christy, “Good, good, were all on board then.” The three were about to discuss their plan when, Gloo, raised his ears up and went silent.
“Do you hear that?” asked, Gloo.
“I hear nothing,” replied, Christy. There was an eerie absence of sound. They all peered around the cauldron and saw the, Queen, standing in front of, Ice-Ghost, as he remain suspended in the air.
The silence was soon broken when the witch blurted out, “Aaaaggghhh, my magic, my Kingdom, my magic, what have you done?” the, Queen, screamed.
After the, Queen, screamed, all of the snakes on her head went limp. Her eyes were covered by the snakes as they dangled over her face. Worst of all, the Queen heard a cracking sound coming from one of her castle’s wall. She pushed aside the dangling snakes from her eyes, just in time to see her castle walls crack.
“Noooo!” cried out the Queen, as the castle began to crumble. “You, you, you, Ghost, you will pay the ultimate price that any life could ever afford.” The witch raised her wand and began the worst spell imaginable. The spell and curse of Kavadier/Kavadium. The spell of Half/ Life-Half/Death-Eternal Abyss. The sky above them darkened and the air around them felt heavy and energized. She began to cast her spell:
Veklum incessant Vulkor
Non-rem abied
Amaranthine Purgateal.”
And as she spoke, the large pearl tip of her wand began to glow. Static electricity buzzed around it. In the darkened sky, small glowing white clouds began to form. The air around them became more violent as she continued her spell:
“Volum lecter haas
Nos devium aparva
Lectuum Kavadier, Kavadium.”
She continued her curse while glaring at Ice-Ghost suspended in the air. He kept struggling from within, but could not succeed in moving an inch. With all of his might he continued to struggle, but it was all in vain. He knew the, Queen, was now coming to the end of her spell. All that he could was listen and imagine his doom as she said the last verse,
“Ahok
Rrrraaahbashz!”
and the spell was unleashed.
Through the air it went, and at that moment so did the trio. Abandoning their first plan, Christy, grabbed, Pan, by his hang string and leaped forward. Gloo, ran and decided to leap onto the back of, Ice-Ghost, hoping to push him down onto the ground, and out of harm’s way. Christy, using, Pan, as a shield, jumped in front of, Ice-Ghost, just as the spell was unleashed. Onward came the giant blast of the spell, and it hit, Pan, dead center of his glass pane. Pan, tormented by the blast, let out a loud, “Aaaaarrrrggggggg,” while, Christy, shuddered from behind him. Christy, was tormented as she heard, Pan, scream.
As the blast continued, the lightning blue spell began to build up and splash away from the mirror. The very end of the spell balled up against the mirror and bounced back onto the, Queen. She froze in awe for a moment, then cried out, “No, no, no, no, *no…I…it…” as she began to shrink. She shrunk beyond the size of a pearl until she just disappeared. There was a hiss and a poof, and she was gone. The only thing that remained of her was her wand and the heart-shaped Ice-Crystal.
The wand had fallen upright into the snow and grew seven feet tall. There it remains. When the wand stopped growing, the pearl’s light went out. Ice-Ghost, fell to the ground with Gloo still on his back. Some of, Gloo’s, hair was singed from the, Queen’s, spell but other than that, he was okay.
“Gloo, you’re as heavy as a mule,” groaned, Ice-Ghost.
While still sitting on, Ghost’s, back, Gloo, saw something wonderful. He saw his hands and feet returning back to that of himself. “Oh yippity , tippity O, I see two feet and ten toes. I’m me again.”
Ice-Ghost, was now able to move and rolled, Gloo, off his back. It seemed that all of the cruel workings of the Queen, were now undoing themselves.
As for the, Queens, Ice-Crystal, it split in half. One half zoomed into the air and came crashing down onto the ice. It then burned itself deep into the ice-sheet. The other one flew off to the southern part of the world and did the same. There was a faint wailing scream that came from the south.
Poor Pan, was lying on the ground. His mirror frame was singed by the blast of the spell. Everyone gathered around him. “Pan, are you all right? Pan, Pan, can you hear me? Please say something…anything.”
Christy’s, eyes began to well up and, Gloo, cried. Ghost knelt down on one knee and and bowed his head. It had become a cheerless mood for everyone. All their heads were bowed.
“Wha-wha-Happy New Day, everybody.” Pan’s, eyes opened and he smiled. On the corner of his forehead was a small star-like crack, and with the exception of that, Pan, looked fine.
Ice-Ghost, looked at, Pan, and declared, “The, Queen, is gone.”
“Happy New Day again then,” Pan, repeated.
Christy, with a remorseful face, apologetically spoke to, Pan, “Pan, I am so sorry. Can you ever forgive me? I didn’t have time to think. You could have been…well, you know.”
Pan, laughed with a laugh that could have opened up a rosebud. “You did exactly what I asked of you child, and I am sure we are all thankful.” The four spoke together and rejoiced.
Christy, had a practical side to her that she could not always contain. “I am so glad that we are all free of the, Queen, but what shall we do now? Where shall we go and how will we get there? The Queen’s magic is gone. I fear the cauldron will no longer be able to help us, and these skates will take forever.”
Pan chuckled and smiled. “Sweet, innocent little girl of the outer world. The cauldron belonged to the King. Maret Brundehildigart captured the cauldron and enslaved it. Its real title is the “Pot of Alms,” and the King used it when his citizens were in need.
Christy, and, Ice-Ghost, both felt a sigh of relief. The expression of relief suddenly left, Ice-Ghost’s, face. His face went flush and had no expression at all. Christy’s, moment of joy was replaced with a moment of concern.
“What’s the matter, Ghost?”
With a pensive look, Ghost, replied, “We must leave now, and I must see to it, that all of you return safely to your homes. For I must go back to the, Queen’s, castle and look for my soul.”
Christy, spoke first. “Then I will go with you. I want to be there.” Gloo, followed with the same response. It became unanimous when, Pan, spoke. Before they left, Ghost, made a strange request. He asked everyone to face where, Maret Brundehildigart, had last been seen and bow their heads.
Ice-Ghost, spoke, “Good luck and farewell, Maret Brundehildigart, and may happiness find you.”
Everyone found it odd, and yet strangely fitting that, Ice-Ghost, gave her a short and sincere eulogy. Into the cauldron they all went. Ghost, with the help of, Pan, steered the Pot of Alms back towards the Queen’s first castle. Everyone felt relieved and joyous except for, Ice-Ghost, who seemed distant. He remained surprisingly quiet throughout the trip. Pan spoke with, Christy, and, Gloo, throughout most of the trip, but eventually quieted down. Every now and then, Pan, would look at, Ice-Ghost, from the corner of his mirror, but said nothing to anyone.
“Gloo, what will you do now?” asked, Christy.
With raised eyebrows he stammered, “What? What will I do, hmmm…” The question caught, Gloo, by surprise, but he managed a warm smile. “I will go to the mines and look for my family and friends. Now that the, Queen, has passed, the great gates to the mines will be opened.”
“Did your people lock the gates?”
“No, young one, the Queen put a great spell on the gateway locks, and no one has been able to open them since.”
With a great look of concern, Christy, asked, “Then are they trapped?”
“No, no, no, my child, quite the contrary. How can anyone be trapped in paradise? The mines are a place of beauty and awe. There are tall marble columns that reach up to the smooth surface of the mine’s ceiling. The ceilings are of crystalized quartz. Under our ceilings when one candle is lit, it becomes a hundred. The mine’s floors are all inlaid with granite floors, fit for a king.
In the, Quarintine, there is a great fountain that spews the clearest water the eye has ever seen, or the taste buds ever tasted. It is a great world in a great world…now that the, Queen, is no more.”
“You make this place seem so beautiful. I wish that I could see it someday.”
“Someday, my child, some day.” Gloo smiled.
“Will your people come out now?” asked Christy.
“Yes indeed, but what is more important is that those who wandered and were shut out, can now return.”
Christy, lowered her head and sighed.
“Gloo, I hope that you can see your friends and family soon.”
Hearing Christy sigh woke, Gloo, from his dream of being home again.
“Don’t worry, Christy, we will all be home soon, I’m sure of it.”
Christy, looked up and smiled. “Do you think so?’
“Of course, of course, lest I go from a mule to horse.” And with a reassuring smile he laughed.
“Christy, what will you do when you are home?”
Christy had to think about that for some time.
Finally she replied, “Hug my parents.” She then asked, “Gloo, do the kids go to school in the mine?”
“Yes, of course.”
“Do they get time off from school”
“Yes, it is called Funtine and it lasts through two full moons.”
“Well, that is what I’ll do when I am home. Go to school and enjoy my summers. Oh, and some day I want to become…” Before she could finish what she wanted to say, the cauldron rocked.
Ice-Ghost, turned and apologized, “I’m sorry, my hand slipped from the wheel.”
Christy, looked at Ghost, who turned and faced forward.
“Pan, what’s wrong? You’re awfully quiet,”
Pan, said nothing and, Ghost, remained quiet. Gloo, had also noticed during their trip that, Ice-Ghost, had been looking tired, and troubled. Gloo approached, Ghost. “My friend, allow me to steer for a while. It looks like you could use some rest.”
Ghost, with a tired smile, answered, “Thank you, Gloo, but I’ll be all right.”
“Yes you’ll be all right, but right now you need some rest. I see it in your eyes, my friend.”
Reluctant at first, Ghost, refused the offer. It was not until all the others urged, Ice-Ghost, to rest, that he surrendered the wheel to, Gloo. Christy, felt that maybe now, she could have some conversation with the two, but she was wrong. Both Pan and Ice-Ghost remained silent.
Christy was finding all of this silence troubling. She was about to ask, Pan, another question when, Gloo, blurted out, “Look, it’s the Queen’s castle, or what is left of it! I believe all of her power has left this world. It is gone.”
As they approached the castle, they saw many brown patches where the snow and ice had melted away. As the Pot of Alms descended, they saw the last remaining fragments of the Queen’s castle. Tall columns and pillars of ice stood up, where once there where walls and towers.
“Oh no, most of the castle has melted away”, said Christy. She was now hoping that somewhere in the ruins of the castle, Ice-Ghost’s, soul would be found.
Gloo, steered the pot in-between the ice-pillars, hoping to find the witch’s potion and charms room. Or at least what was left of it. He saw a pile of debris and headed for it. Once he landed the Pot of Alms, everyone got out. On the ground were many broken vials with their contents spilled. Some of the contents seemed to be flowing away, as if they had a purpose for the direction that they were going.
Ghost, fell to his hands and knees and started to cough.
Christy, turned. “What’s wrong, Ice-Ghost?”
Pan, with an anguished look, spoke. “He has been without his soul for too long. He is dying. We must find his vial and hope that it is not broken. I can see that there are still many vials that remain intact.”
Gloo, spoke up and said, “Then let us carefully sort through the pile.”
As they approached the pile, many of the colorful fluids on the ground began to disperse in all directions. The fluids looked like a school of tiny fish spreading out when a shadow is cast on them. Gloo, and Christy carefully searched through the pile of broken and unbroken vials. After several moments, Gloo, held a vial that was cracked and its lid missing. He had seen it many times before. It was the vial that had held the soul of, Ice-Ghost.
“N-o-o-o,” he wailed, and, Christy, went pale. She looked over at Ice-Ghost.
“Ice-Ghost I…I…I…I…” Just then, Christy, noticed there were several pale figures approaching from behind the tall pillars of icicles. The tallest figure stood in front of the rest. Ice-Ghost, on his hands and knees coughed, then turned and saw the pale figures approach. He was weak and his body quivered as he struggled to stand. Gloo, tried to help him, but Ice-Ghost, refused the help.
“No, Gloo, for this I must stand on my own.” He struggled and faltered, his body trembled as he struggled to stand. Now standing, he closed his eyes and his soul returned. A light tanned hue returned to his skin as he breathed in deeply. His hair turned a cinnamon brown and his eyes were hazel. When he opened his eyes, there seemed to be a light that shined from within them.
“Ice-Ghost, you’ve changed! Well, what I mean is that you are different, and not.” Christy, had a hard time trying to describe her feelings. For the first time, she thought about how wonderful and warm his presence seemed to be.
“Hello, Christy, and thank you.” He turned to, Gloo, and, Pan, and thanked them also.
Christy, hesitated for a moment before she spoke again. “Now that I see you, I wondered why you were called, Ice-Ghost, and yet I think I know why. Without a soul the body will become ill and faint.”
“That is right, but for now, time is short. The worlds are coming close together again. Christy, you must leave now before the world’s window closes. This world is changing, and the window between these worlds will be less seen in the future.”
Ice-Ghost looked around at the souls that had now gathered around them. Most of the souls were of dwarf size. Ice-Ghost, asked, Gloo, if he thought that he would be able to help them find their owners.
“I think they are the souls of family, friends, and of my clan.”
“Then can you help them?” asked, Ghost.
“Yes, my people live deep in the mines where it is warm, and where the Queen never dared to go. I will find their owners, that I promise.”
Ice-Ghost, turned to, Pan. “As for the unopened vials that we have found, am I right in thinking that we should release their contents, Pan?”
“Yes, yes, by all means. They are parts of this world that should be free.”
It was agreed and they opened all the vials. Some vials contained liquids that raced along the ground until they could be seen no more, while others began to soak into the soil. Some were smoke, vapors, or gases that flew into the air. Whether in the air or on the ground, everyone could sense there was a change taking place.
The remaining icicles that clung to trees melted away, and the trees began to blossom. The sky above them became the most beautiful shades of blue imaginable, with a few clouds splashed on it. As it reached out towards the horizon it softened into a light blue, then changed to a powdery purple. Just above the horizon where the land met the sky, there was a light orange, red and yellow skyline. A rainbow bridged across the hillside. A single songbird was heard and then others began to join in. It was so incredibly beautiful that, Christy, felt as if she didn’t want to leave. She had fallen in love with this new world. Especially since the Queen, had been dispatched. She now realized that she had grown very fond of her new friends.
Time, however, was running out. Ice-Ghost, and the others rushed, Christy, to the end of the path, where the worlds would meet again.
This place still had a thick sheet of ice on the ground. Christy looked into the familiar darkness and sighed. On this side of the darkness were her new friends and a new beautiful world. A world she had taken part in making right. Yet on the other side, was the world where she had been loved since the day she was born. A world of family and friends.
~The Window~
As, Christy, lamented about this, she thought she heard a faint call. It came from inside the dark void. Though it was faint she recognized the voice. It’s the voice of my mother, she thought. She pricked her ear up in hopes of hearing it again. Ice-Ghost looked up into the sky.
“Here it comes,” he said. “I see it. The window is coming. Christy, be prepared to leave soon.”
“Window?” Christy, looked up into the sky where Ghost, had been looking. “Where? What window, Ghost? I do not see one.”
Ice-Ghost continued looking into the sky. “It is coming,” he assured, Christy.
She continued to strain her eyes in hopes of seeing the window. Finally she saw from high above the small rectangular frame slowly spinning through the air.
“Oh, I see it. I see it. Ghost, I see it. How marvelous. It’s golden and seems to be growing in size. I wonder why.”
Downward it continued to fall, getting larger as it came. Over the darkness it went, then into the darkness it fell. In the darkness a thud could be heard, followed by the sound of a large window being opened. Facing into the darkness she once again heard her mother’s voice. This time it seemed soft, but clear.
Christy, turned to her friends and with a happy expression said, “It’s my mother’s voice. I am sure of it.” They happily returned her smile as, Christy, lost hers. “I’m going to miss all of you…wait, maybe you could come and visit me. I would love that. Ice-Ghost, you could meet my mother, and Michael, oh, everyone. My world also has so many wonderful things. Gloo, Pan, it would be wonderful.”
Pan, smiled. “Sure, I’d love to go visit and just hang around.”
There was an awkward moment of silence as the others looked at, Pan. Christy, laughed.
“That was funny, Pan. Thank you,” said, Christy
“I hope it’s not a reflection of…”
Ice-Ghost, interrupted Pan. “I am sorry for interrupting you, my good friend, Pan, but for now time is short.”
Pan smiled. “Yes, yes, you are correct. Let’s do move on with it. Can’t see myself holding things up for too long eh…get it?” Everyone laughed.
Christy, stepped toward, Gloo, and smiled. “Goodbye, Gloo, I am going to miss you. And thank you.”
Gloo bowed and then slapped his lap three times and saw that Christy looked puzzled.
“This is how the Dwarves say goodbye. We slap our laps three times, clap three times, you and I pat hands together twice, and bump foreheads, gently.”
After Christy, and Gloo, said goodbye Dwarf-style, Gloo, looked up at, Christy, with misty eyes, bowed, and then turned away. She then turned towards, Pan.
“Child, we shall say goodbye in the same fashion.”
Below Pan’s, face, two hands appeared. Together Christy and Pan slapped, clapped, patted, and bumped foreheads. Before Christy pulled away, Pan, rose up and kissed her on the forehead.
“Farewell child of Aris, may the sun shine fair on your face and the guardian Angelica follow your footsteps.”
“Thank you, Pan,” she said, and then turned to, Ice-Ghost.
Ice-Ghost, smiled and laughed, “It shall be in the fashion of Dwarves.” They, too, followed the tradition of the Dwarves. Christy, couldn’t help herself and embraced, Ice-Ghost, in a hug.
~Going Home~
Ghost, released himself from, Christy’s, embrace and said, “It is time.” He faced, Christy, towards the darkness and instructed her, “Christy, all that you have to do is skate through the darkness and towards your mother’s voice. He gave her a slight push and said, everything will be okay, okay, okaaay…” and, Ice-Ghost’s, voice trickled away.
Christy, once again felt as if she were floating on the ice as she skated. As she skated towards her mother’s voice, she thought she felt several cold wisps of air pass by her. I don’t remember that, she thought, and continued to skate.
Christy, awoke to see her mother, her coach, the ice-rink manager, and a young man standing next to her.
“Oh thank God, my little, Christy, is okay.” It was, Christy’s, mother.
“What happened?” asked, Christy.
Everyone looked puzzled. The boy spoke, “It was awesome! You did an almost perfect triple Lutz, until one of your skate’s laces came partially undone, and caught your other skate. The toe of your skate blade caught some bad ice, and you fell. You’ve been out only a minute or two.”
Everyone helped, Christy, back to her feet and they escorted her to a bench.
“Poor thing, you must be cold, dear.”
“I’m fine, Momma.” Christy’s, mother continuously examined her from head to toe, until she was sure that, Christy, was okay. Yet, Christy’s, mother had an eye for detail.
“Oh my, the little glass bits that were on your skates, they’re gone!”
Christy, did not at first hear what her mother had just said. She had been too busy studying the young man that had just helped her.
Looking suspiciously at him she asked, “What is your name?”
He paused for a moment and then replied, Castiane…Bairn. I am the new caretaker of the ice.”
Christy’s, mother looked curiously at, Castiane, then back at, Christy. Odd, she thought. My little ballerina seemed fond of those bits of glass.
She repeated, “Sweetheart, your glass bits are gone and you’ve had them since…I…I can’t remember.”
To which, Christy, replied, “Mom, they were ice crystals, and my skates are fine without them.”
“Yes, but still I wonder if we should ever find them on all of that ice.”
Christy replied, “Losing them has been an adventure. But I think the Ice-Crystals belong to the ice now.”
Christy’s mother began to wonder what had come over Christy and said no more.
Castiane turned to Christy and smiled, “Yes, they belong to the ice.”

