Immortals 
Children Of The Gods 
 
By M’tain A. Dubois 
 
 
To my brother’s Vinny Buscema, Scotty Buscema and Art Flores. Thank you all for the encouragement and love you showed, this book is for you guys, I love you all. 
M’tain 
 
 
Copyright 2017 By M’tain A. Dubois 
 
 
 
 
This book is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to persons either living or deceased is purely coincidental. Names, places, characters and incidents are products of the authors’ imagination or are used fictitiously. The author holds the rights to this work. It is illegal to reproduce this novel without written expressed consent from the author himself. 
 
Chapter 1 
 
In the dark quiet of the forest night, shallow breath wafted towards the treetops as it escaped into the cold air from the young man’s lips like a ghost fleeing into the nocturnal sky, still as a statue the young man crouched, intently watching the scene in front of him as the vapor trail wisped in front of his eyes for a moment in the crisp night before dissipating into nothingness. The sound of his breathing seemed terribly loud and noticeably out of place in the silence of the surrounding woods where he hid on the edge of town adding to his already tense feelings. It was quiet, too quiet, quieter then it rightfully should have been in the town and the forest at his back. He concentrated harder and strained to listen from something, anything, but there was no sound from creatures of the night like usual, nor was there any wind rustling the trees. It almost felt like the forest itself was holding its breath as it silently watched and waited to see what would happen next. What would happen to him in the cruel game of life that the gods liked to play?  
Forcing the thoughts of dread from his mind the young man took in a deep breath as he redoubled his focus on the scene in front of him, the scattered buildings he’d watched for over an hour already lay before him in their own restful state as the dim light of the moon bathed them in its iridescent glow. The young man’s eyes darted about as he watched like a ghost hidden in the dark waiting for its prey, as he scanned the area, he tried to not let the breath distract him, but for some reason he couldn’t stop the disturbance it caused to his focus or the intense paranoia that nudged at the edge of his thoughts. The constant wondering if his breath into the cold air could be seen easily which added to the fear since he knew it was visible from and intensified by the light rain that had begun falling gently around him only minutes ago. 
Struggling to focus yet again, he concentrated on the fear putting it to use as motivation while he peered through the rain instead of letting it cripple him, astonishingly it worked, and abruptly the area changed and looked almost tranquil, even serene despite the violence that had happened 
earlier in the evening. The place now had a sort of calm to it, but he knew better than to believe the lie his eyes and ears told him. This was the trap of his world and his life and it was inviting him to meet death at the moment by charging in foolishly.  
He knew that the many buildings scattered in front of him were sometimes quiet at this time of night but that didn’t mean that they weren’t dangerous, any number of things could be a problem, owners of the places could have set traps, vagrants could be inside, any number of monsters or creatures or even the mischievous gods might be around if they felt so inclined. Scanning the skyline he hoped that the gods weren’t going to interfere, hell, he hoped that they weren’t even watching but he highly doubted he was that lucky. With a deep breath he steadied himself, steeling his nerves to move because he knew that it was just past four in the morning (give or take a few minutes), and although he had time before sunrise he knew the night wouldn’t last forever and the early night morning didn’t mean the places were getting any emptier in the least.  
With closed eyes he grudgingly prayed for a moment silently to the Norse gods in the hopes that they heard him answering his call for fortune and made sure that no one was around, but he knew all too well that he couldn’t rely on hope or the gods for that matter. By all rights the building he was going into should be empty, it was one of the only ones that usually was at this time of night. Immediately after closing most patrons staggered home or were kicked out, and for his sake he prayed that everyone already had left that any typical night allowing the bar owner to close up and leave as well. 
Vacant or not though, there was no way around doing this job tonight, if things got tricky he’d have to be ready and deal with it one way or another. He needed the money period. Tonight was his deadline because tomorrow Ragnar would demand the so called protection money from him and the others accepting no excuses for lack of payment, and right now Kol didn’t have it. He had squandered what little coin he had got on food unfortunately. 
“Damn having to eat.” He thought. 
Because of that annoying need he was lost in the dark of his life with no way out, and unfortunately he had seen what happened to the other kids that were lost in the dark and were unable pay, in fact he’d felt it a few times himself along with the icy grip of death. With all his heart and soul he had no desire to join that group again. Taking the punishment for nonpayment most often ended with the kid in the hospital, but every once in a while a few of the unlucky ones found a new home in the ground on their way to Helheim like he almost did. 
“There’s nothing like being pushed around under the thumb of a bully, though I suppose it’s better than being squashed like a bug.” He thought. “This is ridiculous! I’m a demigod son of Loki, and in the end what does that amount to? Absolutely squat, because unfortunately my powers haven’t fully developed yet and even if they did it’s not like anyone likes Loki or his children, demigod or otherwise. What I don’t understand is I’m a good fighter, there aren’t many people that can beat me, but because of my bad luck Ragnar is one of them, he only has the advantage because of being a son of Thor I suppose. You would think he’d be benevolent like the stories say his father is, but maybe all the stories are lies. Tell you the truth though, I shouldn’t be surprised with the situation, after all how many times has his dad beat up my dad, benevolent to mankind or not? In the end even without our demigod abilities at full strength, I’m pretty much useless against him until I learn how to fight a little better.” 
Shaking his head slowly to clear his thoughts he looked down at his five foot eight body in disappointment before slowly brushing back his black hair with his hand allowing his yellow/brown eyes to push away his disappointment and scan the area again for movement.  
It wasn’t that he really needed to feel bad about how he looked, he was pretty built, but he knew it could be very much better and that’s what got at him. He wasn’t perfect like Ragnar, who on the other hand was six foot one at seventeen years old with blond hair, blue eyes and had the build of the gods themselves. 
Without warning his thoughts betrayed him throwing him back into the past forcing him to feel a twinge of pain when he remembered the payment he missed last time and got his body beat so badly that he couldn’t walk for an entire week. Well not this time, if he was right he’d have enough money to pay his dues and leave this place to find his own way in the world at last. 
Kol dreamt of becoming a hero no matter what, and although his father wasn’t the most popular among the people or the gods he was determined to be different, determined to prove he wasn’t like father and a demigod didn’t have to be like their parent. 
“So what if I’m judged the moment anyone finds out who I am, even more so than other demigods? I won’t be like him, I will honor all of the gods fighting for their causes and I will be a great champion among the people, righteous and just. I will protect the weak and punish those who worship evil.” He thought. “Then, by the time they learn who my father is it won’t even matter anymore.” 
Focusing on the dream of his future brought a smile to Kol’s face allowing him to become clearheaded enough so he could formulate a plan. He needed to get across the Norse lands and into Greece, he had heard that the demigods there were treated like kings, loved and revered. If he could make a name for himself there then he could return home to his people already admired and welcomed. He could go to the nearest sea town and book passage for cheap, maybe even trade work as a dockhand. Then, get off the ship at first Greek town they come across and begin making his way across the Greek nation doing good, saving people and fighting the monsters of the world, human and beast alike. 
“You know, even if what I’ve heard isn’t true, anywhere has to be better than where I am. Fifteen years old, I should already be living as a soldier or blacksmith in one of the clans, anything but a bum scrounging for money just to pay it to someone else.” He thought. “Speaking of which it’s about that time, this is as clear as the area is likely to get.” 
His target building was directly in front of him, standing high above the ground on the metal stilts that raised the structures base ten feet off of the ground giving it an eerie look in the forming mist of the night, he could see why this place was nearly hallowed ground in the town. Aside from the majestic look and feel of the area, every warrior came through there, especially after a battle or long journey of pillaging. The bar owner was a revered warrior that had been instrumental in expanding the clans territory. It was said that the taverns reputation had gone far beyond the town boarders as a place the hero of the Norsemen built and ran, a place that was safe for everyone and the best bar built near and far, as well as the roughest place in a months travel, that’s why only the bravest and most cut throat of Vikings drank and fought at Draug’s, that is if they were so inclined. If you were looking for a reputation you started building it by drinking there, sometimes it worked out for the person and sometimes it didn’t. 
For example, two nights ago during a fight one of the brawlers’ coin pouches fell behind two barrels of ale while Kol looked on during one of his missions to find food for himself and since the man ended up dead while trying to make a reputation by taking on the toughest man in the town, Kol doubted he’d be missing it. Hopefully since that time no one else had found it, and assuming his luck would hold out he’d be in and out before anyone even knew he was ever there. 
Holding his breath Kol slowly looked around the area one last time anxiously as his muscles tensed for the series of movements ahead. 
With a smile, Kol appreciated his surroundings one last time, although he complained about the city of Skaalholt where he was left to be raised he still couldn’t help but love the beauty of the landscape all around him.  
The city itself was strong and secure, built to handle any attack that might come to it. From the materials to the construction, the city was the height of building perfection that he knew of with buildings that towered over fifty feet in the air. Strong and beautiful oat wood walls framed each house deceptively hiding the hardened tempered metal underneath them making them look weaker than they were, moreover each was covered in intricate designs telling the story of each family that resided within adding to their beauty and deception.  
All the roads spidered through the city leading to the King’s castle which had metal framing woven into the walls and doors visibly making it a strong hold of unequaled proportion, daring invaders to try an assault. Furthermore, the height and size of the building towers looked like it could reach all the way to Asgard. The beautiful designs along the walls told the story of the royal family and its divine right to rule given to them by Odin himself and although he had heard of buildings putting even this marvel to shame, such amazing things were built in other lands making his heart ache to see them. 
The massive forest surrounding the kingdom was quiet but riddled with traps for any unwanted visitors, the same held true for the town itself kind of giving him pause for a moment. Did he really want to leave this home? Suddenly he caught a shiver interrupting his thoughts, it was so out of place that it instantly made him wonder what may be wrong, everything was insanely silent but it should not be this still, even at this time of night. It never was, something was coming he could feel it, he was standing at the precept of something big. Right on the edge of a change that would affect the world over and this was just the quiet before the storm, the question remained though, what was his part to play in this grand tapestry of fate? Would it be for good or ill? (Forcing it to the back of his mind, with a shrug he returned to the task at hand) In any case he knew without a doubt that it meant here in this city he was out of time, that much his feelings confirmed, which lead into the thought of failing tonight having swiftly filled him with dread. However he knew just worrying about it wasn’t going to get him anywhere except dead, a distracted mind would leave him open to danger and making foolish mistakes. Without money he was sunk and surely lifeless, he had to take his chances and go now for the coin pouch. 
With laser focus and against the terrible feelings of trepidation, he ran quickly toward the small fence line surrounding the bar as he felt some of his demigod power come to him, the intense rush of power and adrenaline filled him so abundantly that he gracefully in one fluid motion flipped over the five foot wood fence with ease landing in the courtyard of his target bar in a crouched position and ready for anything. 
Instantaneously his senses reached out over the entire area confirming it was momentarily safe enough to continue, so without missing a beat he was up in a second running as his senses continued to search for anything that might be amiss. His movements were so fluid that he didn’t even really break his stride throughout the motions as he kept successively moving full force until he reached the buildings edge. With a hasty slide he entered the darkness under the edifice, effortlessly he became one with the shadows underneath the building. Remaining deathly still for a moment he took a deep breath to steady his still frazzled nerves before making his way slowly to the edge of the buildings stilt at the far end of the blackness, while he moved he made sure to consistently look up staring through the cracks of the floor checking for any sign of life in the building. Fortuitously for him, everything looked and sounded completely clear with only a few candles left flickering for light as they began to reach their end causing dim shadows to dance across the bar. 
At last, directly overhead the secret trap door that the bar owner had placed loomed ominously and well hidden, determined Kol was ready to use it one last time, in the past he had slept in the bar when he had nowhere else to go and in his mind it had unofficially became a home of sorts.  
“Here we go again, father…if you care at all do me a favor and try to watch over me…for once.” He grumbled jumping up to grab the crack between two floor boards as he worked to open the door. 
Surprisingly a slight unnatural wind blew through the forest flowing straight into the town coming to a stop underneath him and the bar in a small whirlwind for a moment lifting him into the trap door forcefully allowing him to use both hands and get it unlocked instantly, giving Kol hope that his father actually listened to him and might be watching over him for a change. 
With a deep breath he concentrated for a moment focusing all of his demigod power and skill together, then, in one quick motion the power exploded from him as he dropped from the floor boards to the ground and instantly bounced back up leaving a light trail of green energy all the way to the trap door as he pushed it open sailing through silently into the bar. 
A split second later he swiftly and without a sound closed the trap door behind him while carefully staying hidden in the narrow shadow that constantly fell over the corner where it was expertly hidden in plain sight. Closing his eyes tightly for a moment to allow them to adjust more rapidly he took the small amount of time to steady his breathing as well as his nerves. Then, opening his eyes slowly (which had finally adjusted) he looked around the room scanning for any sign of life he may have missed from the outside. Finally satisfied that all was clear after a few minutes he was about to run over to the barrel where the man lost his coin purse but before he could make his move, something caught his attention out of the corner of his eye giving him cause to pause. 
In less than a second Kol disappeared again melting even deeper into the shadows becoming nearly invisible immediately, abruptly he realized that his breathing had grown gaudy frightening him into thinking that he might have given himself away. Frantically he steadied his breath again by slapping his hand over his mouth as he scanned the bar reaching out with all of his senses in an attempt to find the source of what might have caught his attention. Finally, with a furrowed brow he scowled at being unable to find the source until another sound rang out from the far corner shattering the deafening silence so abruptly that it took all of Kol’s strength to not jump out of his own skin. 
With such intense focus it would put wild predators to shame he stared at the area straining to see into the darkness, without even thinking about it at the same moment he pulled a small dull rusted knife from his pocket that he found under the bar over a month ago. Looking at it he grimaced relatively sure that it would probably break on the hardened leather armor that Vikings wore rather than do any damage to whoever might be in here with him. Still, it was better than nothing at all if he needed to defend himself if necessary. 
All at once Kol realized he had no idea what he should do next, he still desperately needed the money but there was little chance that he could make it across the room undetected. He could always stand up and take his chances that the person was passed out drunk or would be kind to his plight as some warriors wear since many had the life he was living now at one time or another. Or he could escape back through the trap door and wait underneath the bar until the person left and then try again, but who was to say that the person would ever leave tonight? One by one the options played out as vivid scenarios in his head, none of which ended very well for him including the one where the man took pity because most likely the warrior would also deem that Kol now owed him and had to work off the kindness that was showed. Then before Kol could settle on what he was going to do a massive amount of noise erupted from the dark corner where the sounds had been before changing everything. 
Stealthily Kol watched as a large man standing at least six foot six lumbered out of the shadows toward a bar stool near the door apparently intent on having another last drink despite the bar being closed and him not being the owner of it.  
He wasn’t bad looking Kol mused, good looking was an amazing thing to accomplish though he was marred by dozens of scars on his arms and face, which was typical of many Norsemen. His blond hair was slightly falling into his face leaving only one of his icy blue eyes visible even though the majority of it was pulled back into a tight ponytail that reached down to the middle of his back. His brown leather pants looked well-kept and matched his thick boots and top which stuck out from the black hardened leather armor he wore over them, oddly enough they looked in perfect shape almost brand new unlike his face and scarred arms. 
Reaching over the bar he used his massive hands to brush the small amount of hair from his face reveling his other eye which was milky white from damage and it lead into a long scar that ran down the entire length of his cheek at the same moment he used the other hand to grab a bottle of whiskey nearest to where he sat getting ready to enjoy the whole thing. 
“Looks like I’m out of luck, thanks for the help dad.” Kol thought turning back toward the trap door slowly. “I’ll have to just make a run for 
it now, hopefully I can be silent enough so I won’t be captured or killed.” 
In a breath of time before he reached the trap door the main double doors to the bar flew open reveling a man standing calmly with his sword drawn and ready. 
“Bjorn, I thought you would have had the sense to have left the town by now.” Said the man at the door with a sinister laugh. 
Without turning around Bjorn poured himself another shot before responding, unfazed by the man or his threat. “And why would I leave Hervor?” 
“Because your interference resulted in the death of Mara.” He said flatly stepping a little closer. 
“Which is why I’m drinking my problems away, and so you know, this is a private party that you weren’t invited to, now go crawl back under the rock you came from before I send you to join her in Valhalla.” 
Complained Bjorn slamming down his shot glass and turning to face the other man clearly losing his patience. 
“It’s a public place Bjorn, there’s no law against me being here now is there?” Questioned the man drawing ever closer with a treacherous smile. “There’s a higher law at work here boy, but I wouldn’t expect you to understand that. Now tell me, are you so determined to meet the gods that you would dare stay here against my wishes? So public place or not try to have some intelligence, I know it’s difficult for you but attempt to not be a fool for once in your miserable life.” Warned Bjorn standing up and heading towards the man without drawing a weapon of his own. 
“I will not meet Hel today Bjorn, but you shall and when you get there, tell her who it is that sent you to her realm because there will be no Valhalla for you.” He yelled raising his sword for an attack. 
Before he could reach him the dim light of the room flashed in random spots as it caught the blade of a dagger as it flew through the air for a moment sailing towards Hervor with extraordinary speed. 
Vainly, Hervor tried to dodge the attack but it was utterly futile as the blade found a new home as it pierced his throat. Gaging on his blood the dying man stumbled forward as gurgling sounds escaped his mouth while he made a vain attempt to reach Bjorn with one final swing of his sword. 
Bjorn slightly tilted his head to the side more amused at the attempt then worried by it, as he watched with a smile he stayed perfectly still as the sword cut through the air slicing his face slightly leaving a small red lash (that would surely be a scar) before Hervor fell to the floor dead in a growing pool of his own blood. 
“What will you do now little one?” Questioned Bjorn heading back towards the bar calmly. 
Unsure what to say Kol remained perfectly still and silent hoping the strange man wasn’t talking to him as he was unable to do anything except watch as terror gripped his heart. 
“I’ve known you were here the whole time there’s no point in hiding still boy, but, that being said don’t take that personally, after all you are quite good at remaining silent. Especially given the fact of what happened.” Bjorn chuckled. 
Hesitantly Kol walked out of the shadows towards Bjorn knowing he had little choice other than that. “I think the real question is, what will you do now sir?” 
“Simple, I’m going to finish this bottle.” He answered nonchalantly pausing for a moment before continuing. “In regards to you though? Well that depends, what were your intentions in coming here? And before you answer understand that I am very, very good at detecting when someone is lying.” Warned Bjorn slamming another shot as he watched him out of the corner of his eye. 
“A man died here the other night during a fight, during the skirmish his coin purse dropped behind a barrel of ale, I came here to get it because I figured he wouldn’t be missing it and for someone like me money is difficult to come by.” Explained Kol honestly absolutely sure that the man would know if he was lying. 
“You’re right, he won’t miss it. By all means take it, I have no use for it.” Sighed Bjorn returning to his drink as he waved off Kol like he was a gnat. 
Uncertain at first whether or not the man could be trusted Kol finally decided to walk over to the barrel trying to move it, after several failed tries two strong hands reached over him pulling the barrel away from the wall startling Kol into jumping to the side. 
“By the gods! Be quick young man, you don’t want to be here in the next few minutes, several men are on their way to make sure that I have met my end. It’s sad that in this world there is no shortage of scum bags ready to run in and die horribly.” 
Quickly Kol regained his senses at the tone in the man voice, so swiftly he grabbed the coin purse and headed back to the trap door in a fevered panic as the events of the night started to weigh on him. Pausing for a moment as he reached the trapped door he looked back at the large man. “Thank you sir for your kindness and good luck, is there anyway that I can repay you for what you have done for me?” 
“The gods have not blessed me with luck in many, many year’s young man, but thank you for the sentiment. As for your generous offer I am afraid that the only thing you can do is live well and with honor, so few do these days.” He answered sitting back at the bar as he grabbed another bottle. 
With a frown at the thought of this kind man in danger Kol nodded to him one last time before he jumped back through the trap door landing on the ground quietly. As he scanned the area for safety Kol saw several men heading up the stairs to the door of the bar, he knew that now would be the time to run but unable to sate his curiosity of the situation he quietly watched and listened through the floor boards to find out what would happen next, and maybe, just maybe help somehow. 
A instant later the sound of the door being kicked in sharply met his ears and echoed through the surrounding forest followed swiftly by the sounds of muffled voices talking back and forth for a minute, and then a spit second later the sounds of weapons clashed again splitting the night silence, intermixed with the screams of would be warriors dying violently. Then just as quickly as it began the confrontation ended, the sound of silence was deafening as every person who peeked out of their windows within ear shot pretended to have heard nothing. One by one after a few minutes the faces disappeared from the windows and the lights went out returning the world around him to silence until unexpectedly Bjorn dropped through the trap door landing right next to Kol with his sword drawn and the tip pointed just under his throat. 
“I thought I told you to leave.” He growled pushing the point into his throat a little drawing a little blood. 
“I’m sorry but a man with honor would not leave and I had to know what would happen to you and help if I could.” Kol answered quickly and quietly. 
“I’m not sure I believe you, you could have been the one that told them where I was, tell me what your name is?” Bjorn questioned scarily clam. 
 “Firstly, what happened to being able to tell when someone is lying? And secondly, I’m no snitch so why should I tell you my name when I have done nothing wrong?” Kol said defensively. 
“I’d like to know what name to say when I have the hands of death claim you.” Snapped Bjorn pressing the blade to his throat even further. 
“My name is Kol and I don’t fear you or death, if I die today I will gladly dine with the All Father tonight or with my sister Hel. In any case I will have no regrets.” Sneered Kol quickly drawing a dagger and knocking away the sword bravely surprised that the knife hadn’t broken. 
With a smile Bjorn attacked Kol again with blinding speed disarming him and placing the sword again at his throat. 
“You have talent boy, with the right training you could be great. Maybe I misjudged you, tell me who your parents are or since you are a scavenger who were they?” He questioned sheathing his sword. 
“My father is Loki, god of mischief and magic. But I know not who my mother is, she died when I was born from what I understand.” He said rubbing the blood from his neck nonchalantly. 
“Brave to be honest about your father and my condolences concerning your mother.” He said eyeing him curiously up and down for a moment as if sizing him up. “So you are one of the famed demigods I’ve heard about huh? No wonder you have some courage to you, I am surprised that you didn’t use any of your powers on me though,” He mused cracking a small smile. “So is it then safe for me to assume then that you haven’t mastered them yet?” Questioned Bjorn heading out from the darkness of the building towards the forest with Kol following in tow. 
“Not yet.” Kol sighed clearly bothered at the thought. “Can I ask who you are and why those men were after you?” He finished changing the subject. “You can ask that doesn’t mean I’ll answer you though, after all you shouldn’t concern yourself with the world of men, at least not yet boy.” He countered turning towards Kol to look him in the eye. 
“I have no choice but to deal with that world, I always have, so I had hoped that maybe you would train me, to survive in it.” Whispered Kol angrily.  
With a hearty laugh Bjorn turned his back to him again heading into the forest. “I don’t train anyone, or travel with anyone either for that matter, go home boy, my advice is to forget that you’re a demigod and forget about the life of a hero, its more trouble than it’s worth. Grow up get a normal job and life, marry and have babies.” Bjour shrugged turning back towards the forest and jogging away into the deeper forest leaving Kol behind. 
“I won’t give up my dream. I will be the greatest hero that the gods have ever seen! I will make my grandfather proud.” He yelled into the forest after Bjorn who began to disappear abruptly into the darkness. 
After a few feet Bjorn turned for a moment hidden in the shadows watching Kol for a minute longer to see what he would do next. 
Staring into the darkness of the forest Kol kicked some dirt up in the direction Bjorn went. “So much for having honor huh? That’s okay I don’t need you, I don’t need anyone. I have honor and I will prove to everyone the hero I am, you’ll see, everyone will see.” He said quietly more to himself than to anyone else. 
“Indeed we will see boy.” Whispered Bjorn staring after Kol as he walked away. 
 
Chapter 2 
After the long night he had Kol was still sleeping well into the day until he was woken up by the intense hurt of Ragnar kicking him in the ribs over and over again full force, making Kol’s first waking thought that he was amazed his ribs hadn’t broken or at least cracked. 
“Did you really think you could hide in here and not pay me what you owe maggot?” Questioned Ragnar stopping for a second to change from kicking to punching. “No one can hide from me, and everyone pays it's that simple! I own you and everyone else period!” 
Through all the hits Kol tried to talk as he gasped for breath. “I have the money, I wasn’t trying to avoid you Ragnar. I just over slept!” He finally yelled out spitting out blood as the words came out. 
Stopping for the time being Ragnar stood over him with a wide smile. 
“We’ll see boy, get up and get outside now or it’ll be double the price and 
I’ll take it out of you a different way.” 
Kol grudgingly nodded his head right away forcing himself up through the pain, a second later he was out of his makeshift bed in the hay of the run down barn as he masked the pain he felt all over. Defiantly Kol took some time and dusted himself off waiting for the bully to leave, finally, Ragnar lost interest in waiting for confirmation of the pain he caused and was gone heading back outside no doubt to torture some of the other guys he collected from. Sure that he wasn’t watching any longer Kol quickly went to his hiding place for the money getting just enough out of the stash to pay Ragnar for this week saving the rest to hopefully leave afterward. He had hoped he would have been able to leave before he had to pay but things didn’t work out that way after being up so late, no choice now but to use some of the money and hope things didn’t get any worse. 
Outside of the run down building that had served as Kol’s home for a long time was the fend known as Ragnar waiting impatiently with the usual group of homeless kids that he shook down every week. Most of them were mainly skin and bone, barley alive from starvation and life on the streets, and as far as he knew none of them were demigods except for both him and Ragnar. 
“Ah and here he is, the loser son of Loki. I didn’t know crap was piled that high much less able to be given life. Maybe I should give you another beating on general principle like the way my father does to yours all the time, what does everyone think?” He questioned pushing Kol into the wall and sending a small amount of electricity through him with his demigod powers. 
“Rot in Helheim Ragnar, take your money and get out of my face.” Sneered Kol trying to hold back his anger as he tossed the money at the ground in front of Ragnar, talking back and standing up to him for the first time ever. 
All of the other teens gasped at the bold words and actions, most of them gasped in disbelief wondering what might happen next knowing that no one ever talked back to Ragnar. 
Quickly masking the surprise and disbelief on his face Ragnar narrowed his eyes with a look of death in them. “What did you say boy?” Questioned Ragnar getting in Kol’s face without picking up the money. 
Balling his fists Kol stared at him straight in his eyes without flinching, wondering why he had even said anything. “Thor has always been known to be a great and wise god who is known to be fair and just. I bet he’s ashamed to call you son.” Kol said unable to believe that he was talking back and for some reason unable to control himself from doing so. 
Without a word Ragnar started beating the hell out of Kol with all of his might, quickly doing a load of astounding damage.  
Kol had for a second dared to dream that he might be able to do something to fight back, somehow after last night a spark of bravery had gripped him more than he knew. Vainly he tried again and again his hardest to fight back, but with Ragnar’s powers he was no match for him and soon he was on the ground bleeding staining the ground a crimson red. 
“That’s right, mmm, I like it when my girls bleed. In fact you know what? I think you’re going to have to give me a little more than just the money this time.” He said with an evil laugh grabbing his crouch while licking his lips. 
Defiantly Kol spit at Ragnar in answer, his blood obviously mixed with his saliva. 
“We’ll see if you are able to spit when I’m done.” He laughed dragging Kol by his hair back into the house and slamming the door closed behind them while Kol kicked and screamed against the grip terrified at what he knew would happen next. 
With devilish delight Ragnar threw Kol into the wall shaking the barely standing building from the force, but taking the chance the second Ragnar let go Kol tried to crawl towards the door but somehow before he could reach it Ragnar laughed stomping down hard on his back so he froze in pain hoping that his back wasn’t broken. 
Licking his lips again Ragnar grabbed Kol’s pants pulling them down in one movement followed swiftly by his own but before he could do anything more Kol rolled over onto his back lashing out punching Ragnar with everything he had. 
For a shining moment it seemed like Kol might have a chance to fight back or escape but unfortunately Ragnar got over his surprise rapidly as he kicked and punched Kol again in a series of sequences, then, once he was sure Kol had been subdued to almost the point of unconsciousness he pulled a knife from his pants getting ready to plunge it deeply into Kol’s chest, as he lunged downward to stab him Kol disappeared instantly only to reappear a moment later at the far end of the room surprising them both. 
Regaining his composure quicker than he thought possible Kol stood staring at Ragnar literally glowing with power of his own in anger. Without thinking about it the words he said flowed from him. “Your time of hurting people has come to an end Ragnar, your father will not save you this time and tonight you will sleep in hell’s embrace.” Kol stated confidently as he shot daggers made of magic at Ragnar. 
Easily Ragnar blocked each of the daggers with his knife stunning Kol back into complete silence. 
With a laugh Ragnar pulled up his pants glowing with power of his own. “Did you really think you could defeat me punk? I am the son of Thor! Now I’ll cut you up and while you bleed to death I’ll have my way with you, then I will drag your dead body out of the house and make sure none of the others challenge me ever again.” 
“No Ragnar you won’t.” Smiled Kol boggling Ragnar from his confidence. 
“What?” Questioned Ragnar. 
Without any warning wooden boards pierced Ragnar’s back until they exited his chest. “Did you really think that I’d just attack you from the front?” He smiled as he watched him die slowly. 
Choking on his own blood for a moment Ragnar finally stopped moving as Kol watched calmly with mixed feelings coursing through him, until with a sigh of relief he put his pants back on and walked over to the dead body shakily as he checked his clothes for money. After a few minutes he had all of the coins that Ragnar had taken from the other kids outside making it more money than he had ever seen in his life. He smiled as the different thoughts of what he could do with that much money filled his head until suddenly he remembered the look of the starving kids outside. With a sigh he thought about all of the other unfortunate people he had met in his life as he headed back outside to the starving kids. 
“Ragnar will bother none of you anymore.” He said flatly beginning to hand out money to the others who took it gladly before running off as if still chased by the devil that had just died. 
“What have you done Kol?” Questioned the last child named Hagar sounding more angry than grateful. “Don’t you know who Ragnar worked for?” 
In actuality Kol really had never thought about it before, all he had ever known was Ragnar. He never thought he might have worked for someone else, so with a questioned look he glanced from the barn back over at Hagar. It broke his heart that the fear was still there for this kid, the poor boy was half starved and short for a Norseman even at his young age, he was only five foot four with brown hair and eyes to match, his face had just begun to produce hair but unfortunately it was only growing in patches making him look even more ridiculous and thus a bigger target for bullies. 
“Who did he work for?” Questioned Kol solemnly as he felt a whole new weight start to compress on his life. 
“He worked for his older brother Calder.” 
Kol had been on cloud nine until he heard that, now he had shivers running up and down his spine as the fear of torture and death crept back into his heart chilling him to the core. Everyone had heard of Calder and his gang of thugs, he was twenty five years old and was basically the older uglier version of Ragnar. He held everyone in fear, their entire city of Skaalholt knew better than to cross him, including the king himself and everyone paid him money without exception. Every month it was the same and those who didn’t pay were never heard from again. 
“I didn’t know Calder was Ragnar’s brother.” He whispered finally, suddenly feeling sick to his stomach. 
“That’s why Ragnar was collecting from us, it was his bothers way of training him to join him eventually, when he finds out you killed Ragnar he’ll have your head on a pike.” Shook Hagar unconsciously in fear looking around suddenly paranoid. “He may kill all of us for just being here and not doing anything.” 
“Then I better leave now, thanks for the heads up.” Said Kol pushing the nausea away as he ran towards the forest without waiting for a response. 
As he increased to full speed weaving through the thick trees Kol heard a noise behind him, so without breaking stride his instincts took over as he flipped into the air turning in mid movement to land facing the opposite direction with his dagger drawn, something he had never done before, but now that his powers had begun manifesting themselves he felt different, stronger, balanced and more aware of everything, including the power within him and how to access it. But instead of the murderous gang of Calder like he had expected, it was to his great surprise Hagar running up completely out of breath. 
“What do you want?” Questioned Kol angry and hesitant to sheath his weapon. 
“I want to come with you, there’s nothing for me here Kol. I yearn to see the world and find adventure, I promise I won’t be a burden, I’ll carry my own weight and watch your back. Please just give me a chance and take me with you.” He answered bowing slightly. 
“Get up fool, I’m not your master. I’m not anyone’s master.” Kol snapped annoyed at the gesture. “I’m not sure you coming with me is a good idea Hagar, I would feel responsible for you and if anything happened to you I’m not sure I could handle the guilt, not to mention I can barely take care of myself and we don’t have much in the way of money, also the gods would probably frown upon me more than they already do for such an irresponsible decision.” 
“As of right now I resolve you of any and all responsibility for me and my safety, if I die, I do so because of my own fault and say now that you cannot be held responsible by the gods as long as I travel with you.” He vowed in reply to first Kol then to the sky above them. 
“I don’t know.” Kol paused thinking about how the vow might be able to backfire on him. 
“I can watch out for you both if that makes the decision any easier for you.” Came a familiar voice from out of nowhere startling them both. 
Kol turned on his heel quickly with his knife drawn to find Bjorn appearing from the thick trees of the forest soundlessly. 
“I thought you said you didn’t want me around, as I recall you told me to get a different life and then ran off like I was diseased.” Kol growled. 
“It was merely a suggestion young one, one that would seem to have fallen on deaf ears since it seems you ignored my advice completely, killing Ragnar plunged you into this life tying you to it. Whether you like it or not, the moment Ragnar died you lost the ability to choose a different path. Maybe you never had a choice though, only the Norns could know for sure. So now that you’ve got no choice and are going on the road, you and your friend may follow me as my apprentices, in exchange, I will train and protect you both until such time as you are ready to go out on your own. How does that sound?” Stated Bjorn more than asking a question happily. 
“What’s the catch?” Frowned Kol skeptically being used to things going south or having a price that hasn’t been voiced. 
“Who says that there has to be a catch?” Laughed Bjorn at his uneasiness. 
“Because when something sounds too good to be true in our world, it usually is.” Answered Hagar for them both unamused at Kol’s discomfort. “I mean how do we know for sure that you would even keep your word and not sell us into slavery the first chance you get? I don’t know about Kol but I don’t even know who you are.” 
Without answering Bjorn threw a dagger in between the two young men barley missing them both before they could even react. 
Reacting after the fact to the threat Kol readied for a fight with his own dagger as he placed himself to defend himself and Hagar as his friend dropped to the floor cowering in fear. 
Unfazed by the dagger, Bjorn calmly pointed to a spot behind them waiting patiently for Kol to look at what he wanted. 
Reluctantly after a moment, Kol turned to see a young man out of the corner of his eye lying face down in the dirt, on his right forearm he bore the tattoo of an eagle carrying an axe, the famed symbol of Calder and his followers. Peeking out from between the fingers that covered his eyes Hagar looked as well stunned to see the dead man which made him threw up, until finally he understood allowing some of his courage to return as he got up off of the ground unable to look away from the would be attacker with Kol in silence. 
“Is that proof enough? If not, I believe Kol can vouch for me, if I had wanted to kill him or enslave him I would have last night.” Stared Bjorn firmly at the two of them, all laughter and joking gone from his demeanor. 
Hagar slowly pulled his gaze from the body to stare at Kol in question, who nodded his head after a moment as he looked at Hagar meeting his gaze unflinching. “He’s right, had he wanted to, he would have last night to do with me what he wished. In fact, if he wanted to kill us or enslave us right now I’m sure he could, no matter how hard we fought.” Pointed out Kol somberly realizing how finite his new found power was for the moment. 
With a sigh Hagar nodded in agreement knowing that Kol was right. 
“Will you train both of us?” 
“Of course I will son.” Replied Bjorn firmly. “So, what is your decision?” 
“I accept.” Bowed Kol awkwardly for a moment while still keeping his eyes on Bjorn. 
“As do I, can I ask you something though?” Queried Hagar shyly speaking barely above a whisper. 
“By all means, ask away child, there should be no secrets between us now, let us begin our journey together in trust and honesty. I’m sure that more men will be arriving shortly to kill you and that will complicate our journey, so whatever you have to say make it quick.” He decided motioning for them to follow him. 
As the three of them began walking through the forest Kol and Bjorn fell silent for a moment waiting on Hagar to speak, finally after a minute Kol looked over at Hagar to find him staring intently at the ground. 
“Well what did you want to ask him?” Questioned Kol impatiently at last. 
“We don’t have time to waste here, our enemies draw ever closer.” 
Shaking a little bit from Kol startling him Hagar looked sheepishly from him to Bjorn whose back was still to them as he walked silently away from them unfazed by the wait. 
“I was wondering sir, I mean I’ve never had a father and well you called me son earlier so if you didn’t mind…” He began with his voice trailing off towards the end feeling stupid as the words left his mouth. 
Kol froze in his spot for a minute in stunned silence suddenly feeling like an intruder having been there to have heard the strange request before catching his look as he stared back at Bjorn curious to hear what he might say. 
Without turning Bjorn coolly answered with a slight chuckle. “I don’t know about that boy, let me think about it for a bit alright?” 
“I understand sir.” Hagar sniffled miserably beginning to cry a little bit at feeling completely rejected. 
“Understand this child!” Barked Bjorn, spinning on Hagar rapidly. “I would never have a child so weak as to cry over something like that! You know what? Yes, I’ll be your father because obviously you need someone to beat the weakness out of you.” 
Hagar couldn’t help but smile at the thought like a child who got its way after throwing a tantrum. “Oh thank you father I will…” 
Before he could finish though the back of Bjorn’s hand connected with his face with such force it knocked Hagar off of his feet sending him to the ground. 
“If I ever catch you crying over something like that again I’ll kill you myself, is that understood?” He questioned standing over him as Hagar bit back more tears. 
“I…I understand father.” Hagar answered with a slight stutter as he rose to his feet dropping his head to ashamed to meet Bjorn’s eyes. 
Grabbing his chin in his hand Bjorn powerfully moved Hagar’s face up to look him in the eyes. “Never feel shame son, a choice that ends in your defeat in any way, shape or form is no more than a life lesson you have learned from. You instead understand it, you learn from it and move on from it all the stronger. Is that understood?” 
“Yes father.” 
With a satisfied look on his face Bjorn turned back around walking again. 
“And what about you Kol?” 
“What about me Bjorn? I have a father and no matter how absent from my life he has been I’m not looking for another.” He answered flatly. 
“Excellent answer, you see son that is the kind of confidence I wish to instill in you and trust me one way or another I will.” 
“Yes father.” He whispered quietly with a frown he was thankful Bjorn didn’t see. 
“Next time you answer speak up boy, remember confidence! Now where shall we go?” Asked Bjorn pushing past the quick lesson. 
“I am heading to Greece one way or another, the Norns push me to go there and I know my destiny leads there, at least that is what I believe. If you have other plans master warrior then you can forget about our agreement right now.” Answered Kol ready for an argument. 
Laughing Bjorn stopped to look at them. “And why would you want to go there little one? What makes you think that the Norns push you to go there? Our gods don’t even rule there and although all of the Fates are connected, the Norns do not hold sway there, their fates and the Olympians do, I’m not sure your father would even answer your prayers there if you went.” 
“So? He doesn’t answer my prayers now and even though I will honor him, I don’t need my father to hear me anyway, this is a quest I must do on my own, all I need is for him and the other gods to see my deeds. Besides, to get there we have to travel a great distance, we can travel through our lands and many others to get to Greece. Between here and there many dangers and adventures would await us, many monsters and challenges we would have to face and with them in our way we will become legends in the world of men and gods.” 
“What say you son? Do you think we should go there with Kol? Or should we part ways now forging our own path?” Bjorn questioned as he looked to his new surrogate son making sure he was part of the conversation. 
“Let’s make history father and help Kol on his quest for now.” Hagar said with a cocky smile. 
“Then to Greece it is, and may the gods watch us and take stock of our deeds from here until Ragnarok come.” Smiled Bjorn patting both of the boys on their backs. 
Without another word the three of them began jogging through forest excited about the adventure to come as their thoughts drifted into fantasies about the future, excited by the unknown and blissfully unaware of the danger that already circled their destinies drawing ever closer. 
 
Chapter 3 
 
Running at full speed five men came to an abrupt stop standing over the dead body in the dense forest of the man who was after Kol earlier, slowly four of them watched as a single member of their group inspected the body and surrounding area carefully. Each of them looked pretty much the same except for their leader Calder who was dressed differently and had different colored hair than the rest. The other four men had dark hair and eyes that matched their dust brown and blood soaked clothes from the day’s work. 
“What do you say Ronith?” Calder questioned as he watched the other man inspect the body and ground. 
“An expert throw sir, Bulvi died quickly, I’d say about five hours previous and the ones who killed him went that way.” He said solemnly pointing in the direction the trio went. “There are three of them the two young men we learned about from the other street filth and an older man judging by their foot prints.” 
“Damn it! I want those little punks found! And when I catch them and kill them slowly and painfully for murdering my brother my hate will be sated but until them everything else takes a backseat! I don’t care who is with them, anyone helping them or that stands in my way will share their fate!” Yelled Calder in answer causing it to thunder for a second because of his powers. 
A glow of blue surrounded Calder highlighting his blond hair and icy blue eyes as it framed his perfect build and made the brown leather clothes he was wearing look vibrant for a moment as the electricity ended with it sparking down his weapon. 
“Why are we doing this Calder? You didn’t even like your brother.” Yawned one of the other guys bugged and bored at the situation. 
Calder slowly looked from the dead body to the man for an instant with a creepy smile before quickly and without a word to him a bolt of lightning shot through the clear sky shocking the man so badly he flew into the tree behind him breaking his back and killing him instantly. 
With gritted teeth Calder turned back to the other members of his group who were already recoiling in the background, scanning their faces he exploded with an angry yell. “It’s true, I hated him and we all know it, but that doesn’t matter. The insult of killing a member of my family must and will be answered with blood and death, no one was to touch my brothers but me. Do any of you object to that?” 
Each of them quickly raised their eyes to meet his as they shook their heads violently in answer afraid of his wrath being turned on them for even a second. 
“Good, now Scald you will head back to the city and run daily operations for me in my absence, as soon as you reach the city send out messages to every city every territory, reach all of our contacts, I want a price on their heads, do not fail me! The rest of us will track these dead men until we’ve caught them and I’ve had my revenge, now, Ronith track them and lead the way.” Demanded Calder. 
With Ronith in the lead the three of them of them ran deeper into the forest chasing after their targets, while at the same time Scald took off heading back to the city in the direction they came from. 
The jog through the forest that Kol and the others were taking was very enjoyable until out of nowhere, Harig, the wolf son of Fenrir attacked them with his pack taking them by surprise as they closed in around the trio in a tight circle. Harig himself was the size of a horse with jet black prickly and coarse looking fur, devilish red eyes that glowed in the dark and worked like spot lights for the soul as he scowled at them through tiny slits squinting for some reason in the dimmer light. His dark and dirty claws were the size of daggers and just as razor sharp matching his tail that was barbed at the end with needles that he could shoot like precise arrows of poisonous death like the saliva that dripped from his deadly fangs. 
Standing back to back the trio made a protective triangle with their bodies to minimize their weak spots while they had their weapons drawn and ready waiting for the impending attack. 
“Why don’t you drop your weapons and welcome death mortals? I promise we’ll make it quick, after all why put yourselves through the pain of a slow death? Although, I will admit that when you fight it is much more fun for me and my pack.” Harig questioned stepping away from the others as he stood at the front of the pack to better show them his teeth. 
“Forgive me if I don’t believe you nephew.” Sneered Kol trying to show his own teeth as he faced Harig with his dagger ignoring the others while flashing it through the air in front of him. 
With a growl Harig tensed getting ready to pounce clearly ready to accept the wordless challenge. “And who are you my little morsel?” 
“Kol, son of Loki.” Snarled Kol matching the growl the best he could. 
“And yes, I obviously know who you are.” 
With the equivalent of a wolf laugh Harig took a step forward to inspect Kol closer as he sniffed the air deeply. “A half breed huh, I remain unimpressed demigod, and your lineage will not save you from me family or not.” 
“If I may interject lord wolf…” Began Bjorn only to be cut off by Harig. 
“You may not, I would speak to one of my bloodline first, what say you half breed? Shall you die first?” Rumbled Harig impatiently in a low growl.  
“Half breed? You’re one to talk little doggy, as for your pathetic attempt at a threat, if you were a full god or any type of menace to be feared you’d be in chains with your father.” Roared Kol losing his temper as he blasted Harig backwards with an explosion of magic he didn’t even mean to create. 
Responding to the attack the pack closed in quickly on the trio as Harig flew backwards from the powerful hit until, before they could make their move Harig had recovered and jumped to the front of the pack once again forcing them back with a series of barks and snarls. 
“Get back! I have not given the order to kill them…yet.” He howled with such aggression that the entire pack lowered their heads whimpering as they slightly retreated before he turned back towards Kol. “I see you have your father’s powers, can you also freeze things I wonder? Did you even know that your father has been deemed the god of evil by the All Father?” 
“Care to find out?” Questioned Kol taking a step closer to Harig and putting the pack on guard. “And even if my father is now god of evil, I don’t care, I’m not him, but make no mistake if you do not leave us in peace you will see just how like my father I can be.” 
“You have courage…uncle.” Said Harig backing away a little as he forced out the last word before pausing to continue. “So what do you suggest happens now? We all part like friends? I’ll tell you now such a thing is not readily in my nature, I’d rather take my chances and fight to the death alongside my kin then back away like a coward.” 
“I suggest that you allow us to pass through your forest, there is nothing cowardly about giving us permission like the master of this place you are, but if you believe that is not true, we can all go at it giving our all and see who has more power and skill, but remember no matter what happens it is on your head and Odin does not approve of family betrayal.” Kol said with determination. 
Looking at his pack for a moment Harig gave them a wolfish smile. “Well played Kol, and you are right we are in charge of this forest and I am the master, so this time you and your band have my permission to pass through it as a courtesy to a family member. But, as you continue on through our forest beware, there are many more dangers in the forest aside from us and although we shall let you pass I am not obligated to protect you, which would cost extra outside our little family bond.” 
Kol couldn’t help but smile at the first feeling of a family connect that he had ever felt, although before he had a chance to answer another wolf came bounding up to Harig whispering intensely in his ear. 
“It seems that the forest is full of surprises today, there seems to be three men tracking you slowly.” Commented Harig happy to share what he had learned to see the reaction. “Have you not been playing well with others uncle?” 
“Does our family ever?” Kol posed with a smile before it faded rapidly. “That would most likely be Calder and his men, I killed his brother and apparently he is a little upset about it.” Sighed Kol hoping he masked his fear. “He must not think much of me if he only brought along two men with him.” 
“It’s a shame that he did not bring more, I would think that your pack will be bored with such a small number Lord Harig.” Hagar stated slyly.  
“What makes you think I would attack them mortal?” Harig questioned raising an eyebrow quizzically. 
Answering for him Bjorn proudly patted Hagar on the back at his comment. “Because we all know that you are the lords of this forest and they have come uninvited and no matter their reasoning they have to answer to you and show the proper respect as we have.” He finished with a slight bow. 
“Quite right and being that he is hunting family of mine, I do not care his reason, and so it looks like we’ll be eating well tonight after all.” Harig finished with a howl beginning to run off followed closely by his pack. 
“I would be cautious Harig, Calder is a demigod son of Thor, a typical enemy of our bloodline!” Kol hollered after him before he was out of ear shot. 
Skidding to a stop in the dirt Harig glanced back at him. “So you killed his brother, your cousin? So much for honoring Odin, eh uncle?” 
“He was trying to kill me, which was a different matter entirely and like I said, it’s not like Thor’s children have been any friend to us.” Answered Kol crossly at the memory and the complications the situation had caused. “If you do not feel comfortable with attacking him nephew I will gladly do it and leave the meat for you and your pack as a thank you for passage through the forest.” 
“You don’t need to explain yourself to me, and I have no problem attacking them in the least but thank you for the offer uncle. Besides there is a big difference between my pack sparing you a direct child of my grandfather and sparing a son of Thor, my family’s sworn enemy. We will attack them and do our best to stop them. You have my word uncle.” He answered with a bow of his own. 
“We will be in your debt, if ever you need me just call and I will aid you, until then Harig may Loki protect you.” Said Kol with a grateful nod before returning his dagger to its sheath. 
“Thank you, until then uncle.” Roared Harig in an honoring howl with the rest if the pack before bounding away with his blood crazed wolves close behind him. 
“Skillfully played Kol.” Bjorn said with a grudgingly nod of appraisal. 
“Yeah, no thanks to you I might add, I thought you were going to protect us and train us on this journey, what exactly was it you were trying to teach us there pray tell?” Snapped Kol unable to control his temper any longer. 
“Watch your tone when speaking to my father Kol.” Warned Hagar trying to sound threatening. 
“Watch yours when speaking to me Hagar, just because we travel together and have agreed to be Bjorn’s apprentices it does not make us equals.” Kol threatened stepping closer to the small teen making him cringe a little against his will. 
“Peace son, I do not need you to defend my actions. The way I remember it Kol, it was you boy that decided to speak first to the leader of the wolves, a choice that undermined any authority I might have had with them, from that moment on we had to rely on you since you decided to try your hand at negotiations and with that decision of bravery from you I was more than willing to sit back and let you be a grown up. Though had you failed, I was completely ready to fight to the death protecting you both to the best of my abilities, if in fact it came to that.” He explained, matching Kol’s tone. 
Coming back to his senses as his rage subsided a bit from the truth of his words, Kol was unable to meet their gazes. “I apologize. I let my anger get the best of me. You are right, I did undermine you and took it upon myself without taking the time to consider all options in my over zealousness to be the hero.” 
Softening a bit Bjorn placed a hand on Kol’s shoulder. “I have been there myself, you must learn to control your emotions or they will be the end of you. Trust me it is not the gods, monsters or devils of this world that often kill heroes, but instead their own emotion and lack of foresight. Both of you remember that and take full stock of every situation and all of the options you have, that is the lesson for today, what happened may have worked out but it could easily have gone the other way.” He smiled patting him on the back before motioning them to continue on. “As for you Hagar, you did well holding your ground without breaking down, for that I am proud of you. Once you are trained up I am sure you will be a great warrior.” 
“Thank you father.” Beamed Hagar proudly at them both. 
“The fact that we have people after us complicates things a bit, but it wasn’t unexpected and in any case that is all part of the life a hero lives and chooses, aside from that it is the essence in the life of adventure. Either way, we better get moving.” Explained Bjorn further before picking up the pace and running full force followed closely by Kol and Hagar. 
Harig was on cloud nine running full speed back the way his scout came followed closely by his pack that were ravenous for the coming kill. He hadn’t lied when he said that he didn’t care that this man Calder was a son of Thor, in fact, in his view it would make it all the sweeter when he tore him apart personally. It would be a good way to stick it to Thor and Odin for the imprisonment of his father. 
“We are close to where I found them the first time my lord.” Panted a wolf keeping pace next to him. 
Sliding to a stop on the wet forest ground as he sniffed at the air Harig turned in a complete circle before he rotated to face his pack that abruptly come to a stop in front of him eager for there orders.  
Under different circumstances Harig would have leisurely walked the woods on a day like this one but instead as he looked around the forest the beauty of the place was completely lost on him, he ignored the sounds of the river moving swiftly miles away and the wind beneath the leaves of the trees ruffling them gently and the sounds of the other animals and smells around him as he blocked it all out gradually. Focusing harder he ignored the massive leaves above dripping water on him and the smells of the grass he trampled under his paws increasing the smell to as it tried to distract him. Little by little everything finally disappeared into nothingness, until the only sounds and smells he could detect was that of his prey moving speedily through the forest not far off. Their breathing was shallow and their heartbeats fast drained by the mission they had embarked on. 
Having pinpointed where they were his eyes shot open and drool escaped his lips with a snarl as he practically tasted them in the air. “This way, and when we get to them separate the group quickly and remember above all else the son of Thor is mine alone.” 
The pack barked in understanding as they bounded around before running faster and faster picking up the scent of their victims themselves. 
“What’s that?” Questioned Ronith coming to a stop as he scanned the area. 
“I’d say it’s our dinner.” Laughed Calder slightly out of breath. “Whatever it is we are picking up on wouldn’t be a match for us. From the sound and smell of it, everyone should get ready, it sounds like a pack of wolves, which will soon be a pack of fried wolves for dinner with my powers.” 
The others joined in his laugh until a flash of fur came from nowhere knocking Calder far away from the others into the base of a tree. 
“You’re as arrogant as your father.” Sneered Harig pacing back and forth in front of Calder. 
Hastily Calder’s crew recovered from their surprise but it was far too late for them to come to the aid of their commander, the pack was there giving them problems of their own to think about as they tore into them, quickly making short work of their feeble attempts to survive, only Ronith was somehow holding his ground as he expertly wounded several wolves giving pause to the others that circled him. 
“You’ll pay for that mutt.” Yelled Calder jumping back to his feet with amazing speed. 
“Doubtful son of Thor, I’d advise you to say the proper prayers to your father because your own personal Ragnarok is happening right now and you will be meeting him soon.” Snarled Harig baring his teeth. 
“What’s your name whelp? Or shall I guess it?” Questioned Calder buying himself a little more time to get his bearings as he felt the grip of fear begin to close in on his heart. 
“Does it matter? In the end I am your death and that’s all you ever need to know.” Harig answered. 
“I collect all the names of the ones I kill.” Calder smirked now prepared for the fight. 
“Fair enough, besides I want you to be able to tell your father who it is that ended you so soon after your brother. So if you must know I am Harig son of Fenrir, grandson of Loki, I hear you are looking for my uncle. What’s the matter? Did you not like how the little family dispute went earlier today?” Harig grinned. 
Grimacing at the comment Calder’s hands begin to glow humming with power as his anger grew at the mention of Kol and his brother. “Your uncle…” He began. 
“Your cousin as well or did you forget that little fact? I’ll take a shot in the dark and guess that even though Kol is your cousin, you and your idiot crew treated him like less than nothing simply because he was Loki’s child, then one day, little Kol has had enough and decided to do something about it and now your all pouty over it? Am I close?” Interrupted Harig with a laugh enjoying Calder’s fury for the moment. 
“YOUR uncle killed my brother and he will die slowly and painfully for that, he is no family of mine and neither are any spawn from Loki’s bloodline.” Spat Calder in Harig’s direction. 
“If your brother was so weak he that he died at the hands of another then he deserved whatever fate Kol dealt him and if my uncle or you die battling with each other than the loser deserves to die as well. Such is the order of things, and the way of life and the gods.” He growled losing all levity. “But first you will have to get past me to do either meat sack.” “I’d love to.” Calder growled back through gritted teeth matching Harig’s tone as he lashed out with his powers shocking the ground where Harig was a second ago. 
Anticipating the attack Harig had already moved from where he was and in a matter of seconds he had him by the leg with his jaws locked and with a simple twist of his head threw Calder against a nearby tree racking his body with such pain everything went black for a moment. Completely dazed Calder forced himself to ignore the searing pain as he forced his body to move just in time dodging the next deadly attack. 
All around him the pack snapped and barked happily at the battle waiting for it to end as a few of them ripped at the fallen man while others waited to feed on Calder as the others finally finished off Ronith killing him with powerful jaws clamped around his throat, legs and arms. 
“Ahhhh!” Yelled Calder at the sight of his last friend falling to the wolves, angry and out of control he shot power out of his body in all directions knocking both Harig and most of the pack backwards stunning them all. 
“You filthy little animal! Did you really think you could beat me? I am the son of Thor!” He screamed madly with electricity rippling around his body as he drew his sword and walked up to Harig who was still trying to get up. Determined to end the wolf he blasted him again to make sure he couldn’t fight back. “Now you will die on your belly like the grimy useless brute you are.” 
“You are sorely mistaken son of Thor.” Interrupted a cool evil sounding voice from nowhere stopping him in his tracks as shivers went up and down his body. 
Slowly Calder turned confirming his worse fear, his jaw dropped in disbelief and fear as he saw Loki leaning leisurely against a tree with the wolves bowing to him as he healed them one at a time. 
“Loki.” He stammered forcing himself to look brave as he refused to bow. 
Loki smiled towering over the group as he locked eyes with Calder saying more with silence than any words could out loud, he stood at six foot four instead of his normal god height of nearly ten feet tall, his yellow/brown eyes twinkled with delight at the situation glowing with a clear mix of happiness and malice, his shoulder length black hair slightly blew in the wind and his emerald green robe flowed about him giving him a regal but dangerous look. 
“That would be Lord Loki to you child, I’m sure you can find manners in yourself somewhere unless…yes, I see it now, just like your father, no manners or respect for elders or authority, picking on those smaller than you, nothing more than a muscle bound simpleton that believes punching is always the answer and it’s that attitude I cannot and will not abide, especially when it concerns my grandchild.” 
“Your son killed my brother and your grandchild here is protecting him, keeping me from delivering the justice he rightly deserves.” Replied Calder defiantly still refusing to call him Lord Loki. 
“It sounds to me like some justice has already been served, although I do agree that more needs to be dealt out just not in the way you believe.” Laughed Loki magically lifting Calder into the air and flipping him upside down. “It was after all you that gave Ragnar the order to collect and mistreat the other boys, especially Kol was it not? And it was Ragnar who did so even taking pleasure in it wasn’t it? Both of you not only were well aware of the fact that Kol is your cousin but because of his being my son targeted him first and foremost?”  
Lashing out Calder shot energy at Loki in answer but with contemptible ease, Loki bat it away as fire and fury literally burned in his eyes. 
“You dare to attack a god?” Shouted Loki slamming Calder’s body into a close by tree several times in a row. “You mortals are all the same, arrogant and foolish enough to believe you have a chance in hell at defeating someone like me. Only a god could stand a chance against me and even then most would fail.” He laughed throwing him to the ground a few feet away. 
“Most might dear brother, but not I.” Erupted a strong voice all around them before lightning flashed splitting the sky during the appearance of another son of Odin. 
Loki’s face flushed for a moment in fear as the wolves around him whimpered and backed away from Thor until Loki quickly regained his composer as he slowly turned to face his adopted brother. 
“Dear brother, I would have thought you too busy lifting weights or fooling women into loving you to come here, either way your presence in this matter isn’t necessary. I have gracefully and diplomatically handled it of course.” Smirked Loki. 
“But me thinks that it is in fact necessary Loki, after all it is my son whom you are so humbly…interrogating.” Answered Thor eyeing his son who was attempting to get up. 
At nearly seven feet tall with shock blond hair, penetrating blue/grey eyes and a body of pure perfection Thor was beyond intimidating as he surveyed the entire scene in a single glance. 
“Father Loki’s son Kol…” Began Calder only to be cut off by Thor. 
“Quiet son, I am well aware of what took place between your brother and my nephew, Lord Heimdal has kept a close eye on all of the dealings of my children. I am also well aware of what both you and your brother were doing to make a living, and I must say that I am sorely disappointed in you. You have become little more than a bully forcing others to do your bidding, hardly the heroes I had hoped you would become the day you were both born.” 
“Exactly my point, so you see brother that this whole thing was your children’s fault.” Smiled Loki. 
“Shall we list the evils that your children have and will do?” Questioned 
Thor angrily. “Your children are far from innocent.” 
“Including Kol?” Asked Loki intently somewhat afraid of the answer. 
“Kol killed my son.” Said Thor flatly allowing his gaze to drop to the floor. 
“In self-defense, how many enemies have you killed defending yourself or the All Father during the Odin sleep? Should we then rightful assume that you too should be punished?” Leered Loki refusing to drop the subject. 
“Your words are always twisted and misleading Loki, but this once there is a ring of truth in them. I have yet to decide what kind of person your demigod son will be. Until such time my son will not hunt him, however, he will face many trials to prove his worth on this journey he has under taken.” Answered Thor obviously unsure about the decision. 
“But father!” Calder protested. 
Holding up his hand for his son to remain silent Thor continued. “That being said, my son has a right to his vengeance and although he will not pursue your child any longer, he will in fact have the right to challenge him should they ever cross paths again. Now, Calder you will head back to 
Skaalholt, trust me and my judgment. One day in the not far off future Kol will return.” 
Shaking from his anger Calder forced himself to bow. “As you wish father.” 
Calder began heading back towards the city when all of a sudden Harig leapt in front of him with a snarl. 
“We have unfinished business.” Growled Harig. 
“Gladly.” Smiled Calder pulling out his sword. 
Unexpectedly a bolt of lightning flashed hitting the ground amid the two of them out of the clear blue sky startling them so badly they jumped backwards. 
“Enough!” Bellowed Thor floating in the air between them. 
“Really brother, must you be so dramatic?” Questioned Loki lazily leaning against a tree. 
Ignoring him Thor continued. “There has been enough blood shed by our family this day.” 
“This isn’t over Calder, your father may have saved you today but one day I will have you for my wolves.” Snarled Harig before bouncing off into the forest followed closely by his pack. 
“Not if your head is on my wall!” Yelled Calder after him before looking over his shoulder at Thor. “If there’s nothing else father I will take my leave of this place before I throw up.” 
“Be well my son and be good.” Said Thor eyeing him suspiciously but giving him permission anyway. 
With a forced bow again Calder ran off into the forest at top speed back towards the city furious at the situation. “I don’t want to be good father, I want to be great and whether or not it’s the greatness you wish matters not to me.” He whispered under his breath. 
“How it must hurt and eat at you brother to have a child that is not noble and sappy like you, tell me, how does it make you feel to know that your children are bullies, thieves, rapists and killers of the innocent?” He laughed floating slightly in the air above Thor. 
“He may yet prove himself.” Sighed Thor trying convince himself more than Loki. 
“Your blind faith is laudable, or is it blissful ignorance because you are unwilling to see him for what he is? Don’t bother answering, either way I will enjoy watching what will happen to him when finally he has crossed the wrong person. In fact, maybe he already has, we will see what shall happen when he and Kol meet once again.” Leered Loki disappearing back along the rainbow bridge to Asgard leaving Thor alone with his thoughts. 
“Yes brother we shall see.” Agreed Thor watching Loki for a moment before flying into the air. “But first let us see just what kind of demigod your son is, hero or villain.” 
 
Chapter 4 
Kol glanced up at the sky for a moment as a rumble of thunder from the distance rolled across the air making him feel uneasy for a moment until he looked over the city of Ran, after a week of travel it was a sight for sore eyes. He was amazed at the beauty and workmanship of the place. The sheer massiveness of the city melted away all of his other thoughts instantly as he watched people darting about in a mix of modern technology and ancient ways in a perfect balance.  
From the hill that they were standing on at the edge of the forest the trio had a wonderful overview of the cityscape stretching into the distance meeting the sea. The buildings lining the streets were strong and sturdy with the signs of each of them being updated to be made of stone or metal. Food carts and shops of all kinds lined the narrow alleys soaking up every inch of space providing everything a person could possibly want, in conjunction taverns and inns dotted the landscape here and there inviting anyone to stay for as long as the wanted. Gazing out over the city Kol hadn’t realized until this moment that he was so tired, they had been traveling nonstop for over a week now with very little sleep and even less food. 
Next to him Bjorn huffed in grudging respect at the sight himself. “At last we have arrived, it has been a long time since I have been here. 
Hmm…I wonder…no I’m sure they’ve forgotten what happened, it should be fine.” 
“What happened here last time father?” Questioned Hagar curiously. 
“Nothing to concern yourself with boy, that goes for you too Kol.” He answered darkly. 
“I didn’t ask Bjorn, nor do I care. I’ve seen the kind of man you are and the things that you do, let’s just find a place to stay for the night so we can discuss what route to take to Greece.” Answered Kol walking down the hill. 
“That’s my choice apprentice, no discussion is necessary.” He retorted as he pushed past Kol heading down the hill himself with Hagar in tow. 
“Don’t over step your bounds Bjorn, even apprentices provide input and learn through the teaching of the master not by staying silent like slaves, if you plan on me staying with you I expect you to treat me with a little more respect.” Snapped Kol. 
“If you don’t want my training, you’re more than welcome to make the way to Greece by yourself. Enjoy finding your mode of travel with the amount of money you have.” He smiled slyly turning his back on Kol again heading down the hill to a close by cart. 
Hagar couldn’t help but laugh for a moment before skipping down the hill himself after Bjorn. 
With a sigh Kol thought about everything for a moment before he conceded to the idea of following Bjorn walking slowly down the hill after them. 
Stopping at the first food cart Bjorn bought some fruit for all of them to eat before walking the street slowly. “Here.” He said briskly handing them each a couple of pieces. “This should hold you over until tonight when we can have a proper meal. Now, let’s find a place to stay for the night, the first boat doesn’t leave until morning for the start of our journey. Once we get settled into our room I will be heading to the tavern for a drink and some business, before leaving I will give you some moves to practice in my absence.” 
“So I take it you already have a route in mind?” Questioned Hagar eager to learn. 
“I do, and trust me by the end of our journey you two will be among the fiercest of warriors in the world.” He answered quickly over his shoulder. 
“A bold statement Bjorn.” Stared Kol hopeful at the thought. 
“One that I can back up completely.” He said flatly motioning for the two boys to follow him. 
As the group talked a figure silently followed them at a distance eyeing them curiously, she was very beautiful but her eyes on the other hand were pure black and unnerving, her long black hair flowed back and forth around before laying down her perfect five foot eight hour glass figure. 
Unexpectedly a hand suddenly grabbed her shoulder turning her around forcefully. “What are you doing here Lofn?” 
“The same thing you are Thor, I’m eager to see the character of Loki’s son and I have an excellent plan for his first test, care to help?” She questioned excitedly.  
“I will test the boy in my own way Lofn, I do not wish to be associated with any of your dealings, although I will stand sentry and see his decision in the matter you present him.” 
“I am thinking that he will…” She began only to be interrupted by a man bumping into her rudely. 
Quickly Lofn grabbed the man from behind before he was out of reach whispering in his ear. “There she is, at the cart is the woman you’ve always wanted. It doesn’t matter that she’s with that giant man, he has stood in your way for far too long, take charge and get the woman you are lusting for no matter what it takes.” 
Promptly the man ran over to the cart ignoring everything else around him as he began to punch the man in the face without saying a word. 
Turning back to Thor who frowned at the situation she continued like nothing had happened. “Sorry about that some men just don’t know their place, anyway, I was saying that I think he’s going to be just like his father.” 
“I cannot say either way yet, but believe me I will be testing him thoroughly and watching him closely. I have a personal interest in this.” 
“Yes I heard about your son, such a waste, he was quite fun to use for my ends, so easily influenced.” She laughed disappearing into smoke to rob Thor of a chance to respond. 
“Witch.” He cursed pulling his cloak over his head while walking in the direction the trio went. 
Meanwhile, as their group forged on Kol couldn’t explain it but he felt a charge in the air, something on the wind that he could almost taste heading their way. “Something is off.” 
“I feel it as well.” Sniffed Bjorn with his nose in the air as he looked around cautiously. 
“I don’t feel anything out of the ordinary.” Frowned Hagar looking around as he mimicked Bjorn. 
“Of course not, your senses are as dull as a rock my child. I didn’t expect you to be on the same level as Kol, but we’ll get you trained yet.” Stated Bjorn with a shrug. 
Hagar couldn’t help but stare at Kol for a second, envious of the praise he was getting before returning to looking around with the others in the hope of seeing something to prove himself to Bjorn. 
“It’s gone as swiftly as it appeared, best that we keep moving. Let’s get to the inn.” Said Bjorn with a huff as he pushed more insistently through the growing crowd. 
Lingering for a moment longer behind Kol scanned the crowd one last time certain he still felt something off. “No it’s not.” He said focusing on a cloak covered man walking slowly through the crowd. 
Without meaning to he began walking towards the man with purposeful intent until abruptly the stranger was swallowed in the crowd disappearing from his senses completely. 
“Hmm, it seems that someone or something may be hunting us.” He smiled. “Believe me whomever you are I am no one’s prey, I will never again be a victim.” He stated out loud before turning back to follow the others. 
“We’ll see about that.” Whispered Lofn with a smile as she watched him from a nearby window. 
With a quick turn she looked toward a teenage girl sitting in a trance on the bed in the room with her, pacing back and forth in front of her Lofn looked her up and down inspecting her one last time. The girls name was Sig and she had just been happily married but what was happening wasn’t exactly the wedding present from the gods she had hoped for. 
With sea blue eyes and dark brown colored hair with light natural streaks she was stunning, her body was perfectly shaped and alluring, supple and beyond pleasing to the eye. With her milky white smooth skin and light freckled face and arms. 
“You will do my little one, go and make Kol fall in love with you. Make his morals shake and if they do not let it destroy his heart tainting him and sending him down the dark path that I have chosen for him. The pheromones from your body are now heightened and will pull him towards you, so do not give in to the desires of the flesh until Kol wants you so bad it hurts, then confess to him the truth that you are married and only then will you let him decide what course he will pursue, that of the righteous or that of the deceitful and no matter what he chooses you will fulfill it. Now go, he is staying at the Bifrost Inn.”  
Hesitantly Sig left the room wishing she could fight the control this goddess had over her, but unable to resist she conformed to the order she had been given heading out into the market place towards the Inn to find Kol. 
Steadily Thor followed the girl as she left the inn glancing for a second up at Lofn who looked down at them from the window with a malicious smile. Anxious to see the results of the test Thor focused on all the things that might happen during the test until a change on the wind caught his attention. Ducking into a nearby dark alley Thor looked to the sky with an irritated look before scanning the area around him. 
“Show yourself.” He demanded with such force the air vibrated around him. 
A few moments passed giving him pause to wonder if the presence he felt would comply until a powerful light glowed a few feet from him leaving a beautiful woman standing in its wake. As he watched her hair flowed and changed color as did her eyes and her face which was the image of unconditional perfection matching her body, as usual whenever Thor’s thoughts drifted to something else that might be better to look at on her, the woman’s body and face instantly responded and changed to match it. 
“Aphrodite, it has been a very long time. What may I ask brings you to our dominion?” He questioned respectfully. 
“My son and your nephew great Thor. As I understand it you and many of the other gods of Asgard are planning to put him through a series of tests to determine what kind of hero he is (if at all) and to make him pay penance for the killing of your son of course.” She answered. 
“Tis the truth my lady, but how is it that you know of the penance planned for him?” He questioned curiously. 
“My father Zeus was given the information by your father Odin.” 
“I see, so what has the all father and the father of Olympus decided? I’m sure they have planned something to interfere with my plans else wise dear lady you would not be here, correct?” He smiled. 
“It is indeed true the two of them have conspired, they have decided that each demigod will undertake two missions as it were for penance due.” She sighed as if the weight of the quests bared on her more than the demigods. 
“I sense that you are none too happy with this decision, please, speak plainly and tell me your thoughts.” He said kindly placing a hand on her shoulder. 
“My son was attacked by another demigod some time ago, Icterus, son of my lover Ares who was doing much the same thing as your children. One day, when my son Vasos paid his so called “protection money” Icterus decided it wasn’t enough, he and his group of soldier thugs beat my child to within a hairs-breath of dying. It took nearly three months for him to recover fully, once he had though, the rage that burned within him was immense and had to be sated, he therefore tracked down, fought and killed Icterus, then he fled the city. Furious with what happened Ares went to Zeus and demanded justice even though his son was in the wrong, but, considering everything that happened between them Lord Zeus parleyed with Lord Odin who was visiting at the time and together they made their decree.” 
“I see.” Said Thor gravely as everything became more apparent. 
“I am sorry to hear about the loss of your son, I know he was not living up to what you had hoped, but none the less I’m sure his death weighs heavy on your heart.” Aphrodite said with a slight smile. 
“Tis the truth, my son was performing evil deeds in Midgard and for that I was ashamed, yet my heart weeps for him and the fact that he did not enter Valhalla but instead Helheim makes it all the worse, Hel will not be kind to a child of mine. In truth, I do not blame Kol for defending himself, had he not, my brother would be mourning a son now instead of me for surely Ragnar would have killed him given the chance.” Thor conceded. 
“Nor do I blame Vasos for seeking retribution but regardless of what feelings we may have our fathers have spoken.” Sobbed Aphrodite unable to hold it in any longer. 
“Take heart dear one. All is not lost for these young ones. Pray tell what quests have been chosen for them to undertake?” 
“Vasos is to find Chrysaor (who is the son of Poseidon and Medusa), defeat him and his pirates and steal his mask. Secondly, he has to find the armor of Achilles which has been lost for ages now. As for Kol his quests will be first to find Od, the lost husband of Freyja. Secondly, he will have to quest to his fathers’ palace to recover the hair he cut off of your wife Sif and return it to you.” She answered unenthusiastically. 
“Bold quests, but with a strong will and pure heart they will prevail...” Thor pondered more to himself then to her. 
Beginning to sob again she interrupted him without thinking. “There’s more, should they both survive and prevail in their quests they must then work together as the gods have in the distant past. Together they must first journey to Hades realm deep into Tartarus to retrieve Cronus’ sickle, if the fates will them to survive this they must then journey to Helheim and retrieve Surtr’s flaming sword.” 
“Dangerous quests, and our Norns like your fates are unpredictable, the probability of them surviving will be slim indeed. Please do not bare me ill will my lady for it was not I that requested such quests, though I do endorse them.” Thor spoke plainly. 
“I do not blame you Thor, Zeus and Odin chose these quests because the oracle at Delphi has prophesied that these two demigods will be instrumental to both the Asgardians and Olympians in a dark time to come. So they must be forged in destitution to prepare them for the hard time ahead, we need them to become the heroes that will help save us, and if they should become villains, we must know now so they can be stopped before they cause our downfall.” She answered with a gentle smile. 
“A foreboding prophecy indeed, all the more reason they should be tested in more ways than the quests. I have planned for several moral tests for Kol and I suggest that the same be done for Vasos.” He supposed ominously. 
“Many of the gods agree with you and they have taken to the mission, however, I am not one of them, I know my sons heart as well as my own. He is a hero.” 
“I do not doubt your judgment Aphrodite. In fact because I trust your judgment and counsel, I would ask what you believe of Kol.” 
“In my opinion Kol is as different from his father as you are, he has the heart of a hero, and as long as corruption can be kept from influencing him, he will be a great man. I am not sure if that is what you wanted to hear or not but it is the truth from my heart.” She stated firmly. 
“The truth is all I asked for sister and you have given it, I have no right to be mad at such a thing. Fair thee well goddess, and thank you again for everything, but for now I must go, Kol’s first challenge draws near for the tests have now begun for him.” He smiled kindly. 
With that Thor nodded at her before he pulled his hood back on as he headed out of the alley disappearing into the crowd towards the Inn. 
“Fair thee well Thor.” She whispered after him before glowing for a moment as she disappeared. 
 
Chapter 5 
Aphrodite reappeared in the city of Sparta staring out from the alley at the passing citizens, as she watched them her thoughts once again drifted to her son, she had never really cared for Sparta much, but now that her son had fled the great city the place seemed even more like a dead husk than ever before. She didn’t want to be here but she had to find out if Christos had decided to take matters into his own hands after what happened. 
With a deep breath she changed her form to look like and old woman, dedicatedly she hobbled out of her hiding space heading to the massive training arena located in the center of the city, until she was stopped abruptly by an old man stepping in front of her. 
“Such a lovely lady, would you do me the honor of giving me your name?” He questioned with a crinkled smile. 
Frowning at the delay she answered abruptly but politely. “My apologies kind sir but I am married and running late for a very important appointment, so if you’ll excuse me.” She finished pushing past the man. 
With amazing speed he grabbed her arm forcing her to stop in her tracks before she was out of range. “Just a husband? What of your lover? I am surprised you did not mention him, is he so unimportant that he doesn’t even warrant revealing to a passing stranger?” 
Her frown quickly changed to an evil smile at the little game of cat and mouse. “What are you doing here Ares, don’t you have some innocent puppies to kick or something?” 
“Not at all, my schedule is completely clear for the moment, besides I’ve already got my fill of puppy kicking for the day among other angry misdeeds I might add, but if it is entertainment you seek just watch what I plan to do next.” 
Turning away from her he winked in the direction of a few men passing by, promptly the three men who were once the closest brothers in arms immediately turned on each other fighting to the death. 
“You see dear I don’t need the puppies around, I always have fun wherever I am, but alas that’s not why I’m here. I was simply passing by here to visit my half-brother Christos and make sure he is doing that which is befitting a son of Zeus.” He said as he smiled evilly. 
“If you are here to start problems with Vasos think twice for Zeus is handling what happened Ares, and although the gods may test Vasos and Kol they may not go beyond that, besides have you sunk so low that you really need to pick on a fifteen year old anyway?” 
“I am well aware of his age and what Zeus is doing Aphrodite, and I will respect my father’s wish, but should he be attacked by another demigod, mortal or monster then so be it.” Ares smiled slyly. 
With an angry look she pushed past him heading to the stadium worried at what he might have set in motion. 
“Not to worry my love, I’m sure that Vasos will die a hero. Provided that he lives that long.” He yelled after her. 
“Ugh.” She huffed moving faster through the crowd. “Sometimes I don’t know what I ever saw in him.” 
“He’s the bad boy, the dangerous type maybe that’s it.” Supplied a crippled man falling in pace next to her. “Besides it’s not like you have good taste in men.” 
Stunned into stopping she slowly turned to look at the man as they walked together. 
“Does that include you dear husband?” She wondered out loud looking towards the stadium again. 
“Many would say it does.” He pointed out with a shrug. “But that is something you will have to decide for yourself.” 
“I decided that long ago Hephaestus, now what are you doing here, spying on me again?” She questioned annoyed at the conversation already. 
“Not at all, I am here out of curiosity and worry about my step son. The fact that you are here is of little consequence in that matter.” He answered flatly. 
“He isn’t here, he fled after what happened.” She reminded him. 
“I am well aware of this fact, and I did not say I was here to see him. If you recall I said that I was here out of concern for him, I’m here to find out what plans are in motion against him and to pick up a special gift he was unable to take with him when he fled.” He snapped. 
“I was aware of no gift Hephaestus, so what is it that you gave to him and why?” She probed suspiciously. 
“One day at the temple of the gods many children were praying, they praised many of our family but when my name was brought up the children heckled me because of my looks and crippled leg. They disrespected me for how I was treated by Hera, anger and hurt festered in my heart but still I had hoped that I would be honored as the children’s parents stifled their mocking, yet again I was disappointed. Once they had sent off the children I believed they would have prayed to me asking forgiveness’ on behalf of their children, but instead they too began mocking me. I raised my hand in anger ready to blast them into pieces, however, before I could unbridle my power against the blasphemers’ Vasos appeared in the temple standing before the four large men and their wives with his fists balled so tightly his knuckles were white. Interested and curious as to what would happen next and why his rage was peeked, I watched as he surprised me and demanded they take back everything said when they berated me and beg me for my forgiveness, he touched my heart as he said that they would not disrespect his father in such a manner. Then this brave young child fought four grown men to force an apology, alas he did not prove a match for them and was defeated before the fight was broken up by the temple guards leaving their punishment to me after all. Nevertheless, I by no means forgot what he did that day and I promptly chose to adopt him fully as my child and make him a gift to show my gratitude, he is my son whether or not he came from my loins.” “I never knew that.” She whispered quietly. 
“Why would you? I am often forgotten about even among the gods, so not many are privy to that information my dear wife, none the less it is so.” He said with venom in his voice. 
“So what gift did you make for him?” She smiled happily eager to change the subject. 
“A magical weapon, it changes between an axe and sword with but a thought. Also, it will come to him on command the same way Thor’s hammer does, as well as no one else being able to lift or use it but him.” 
“Why on Earth would he need a weapon like that?!” She yelled for a second drawing everyone’s attention before using her powers to make everyone forget the incident. 
“Such anger, I’m glad to see that I’m not the only one who cares for the boy. As for why I gave him such a weapon, it is because I foresee him becoming one of the greatest heroes of all time.” Hephaestus said simply. 
“He can be great but greatness is all too often tied to excessive hardship and heartache not something I wished for my child. I worry for him Hephaestus, he is much too impetuous in his decisions.” She sighed with a heaviness weighing on her heart at the thought. 
“He isn’t impetuous, he is brave and fearless do not confuse the two. He has the combination that every hero must have, show confidence in him as I do and as Zeus does.” 
“Zeus?” She questioned. 
“It’s well known that he favors him over his own son Christos, which is why Christos hates him so much.” He grinned coming to a stop in front of the training arena. 
“Thank you for your council and comforting words husband, but I must go now, I need to find out what Ares has planned.” She glowered looking around suspiciously. “But what will you do now?” 
“I know where he has hidden the weapon, I am going to retrieve it and meet with Vasos. Lord Zeus has ordered that I convey the quests to him and send him on his way.” He answered looking around himself. 
“So it begins.” She exhales. 
Unable to find any words of comfort Hephaestus kissed her on the check lightly before he disappeared in a shimmer of light and fire leaving her to her task as he took care of his. 
With a deep breath she headed into the arena changing form again to resemble a maid in the queens’ court as she searched for Christos knowing he was the key to her mad lovers plan when out of the blue an arc of electricity cut through the air sending a young man flying into an adjacent wall, with a smile she followed the smell of ozone back to its source to find Christos laughing wildly next to the old man Ares was pretending to be. Swiftly she ducked behind a nearby column to listen. 
The young demigod son of Zeus named Christos stood at five foot five with golden brown hair and eyes to match, his wiry frame was muscular and well defined as he dripped with sweat from training. 
“Excellently done little brother, but even in training I expect you to never show mercy. Now you will leave today to track down Vasos and when you find him give him what he deserves, is that understood?” Questioned Ares towering over him. 
“Don’t worry I will brother, I will not allow his affront to my honor to go unchecked any longer, but what of the king? Has he decided to allow me to leave?” 
“I have had a talk with the king, do not worry he has agreed.” Sneered Ares evilly. 
“Excellent I will…” Began Christos only to be cut off by a blunt tipped spear hitting him square in the chest and sending him to the ground. 
“Out of the way old man or I’ll send you to Hades along with this bastard son of Zeus.” Shrieked the man who Christos blasted before. 
“Is that so?” Questioned Ares growing to his full size and form with a flaming sword in his right hand. 
As he changed Ares hair turned reddish/gold and his eyes changed to burning yellow, at the same time he grew to his regular height of ten feet tall and covered in full battle armor. 
“Lord Ares forgive me, I did not know it was you.” He stammered, quickly falling to his knees. 
“Regardless, you made your choice Spartan now meet your death the way your people have always done, with honor and joy.” Lunged Ares picking the man up by the throat and throwing him back to the floor. “Come fool, show me why your people are feared trough out the world.” 
The man rose slowly to his feet bowing for a moment before bringing his sword to the ready. “You are right my lord and it is an honor to fight the god of war!” 
Expertly the man feigned an attack to Ares face followed swiftly by a flick of his wrist changing to attack Ares at the chest. With a deadly cool Ares batted away the man’s sword, then just as swiftly buried his hand in the man’s chest ripping out his heart and bursting it into flame. The man’s shocked expression mirrored in Ares eyes as the soldier looked at his chest for a moment before collapsing to the floor in a heap that started on fire. As everyone watched dark hands from Hades broke through the ground pulling the body of the soldier back to the underworld with them a second later. 
“How disappointing, I didn’t even break a sweat.” Said Ares clicking his tongue. “Although he will none the less be rewarded in the afterlife for his bravery, now where were we? Oh yes, I have something for you Christos, this is the spear of Ares, nearly unbreakable and it will focus your power doubling its force.” 
“Vasos is as good as dead with this at my side.” Laughed Christos grabbing the spear and sending electricity into the sky. 
“Excellent, you will find him in Messene waiting for Hephaestus to bring him his weapon. Get there first and destroy him before he can learn to use his powers and the weapon or your chances will lessen significantly, the Cayldonian Boar will meet you at the edge of the city and speed you on your way to make up for lost time, but until you reach the city Stymphalian birds will keep watch and attack Vasos to delay him if necessary.” 
“I will do as you wish brother and I will leave right now.” Christos said with a bow. 
“Outstanding, and Christos you don’t want to fail me.” Ares warned disappearing. 
Christos hastily left the arena with Aphrodite waiting in the background having overheard everything. “So you think that you can send creatures against my son, well let’s see how your pet birds do against my little surprise.” She laughed disappearing herself. 
 
Chapter 6 
 
He thought for sure his heart would burst, never before had he seen such a beautiful woman in his entire life. Never had he felt such a yearning for anything in this world so much as he did for her. Becoming a hero be dammed and to hell with all of his one-time wants and dreams, he would give it all up to stay and build a life with her. The first time she spoke was honeyed music to his ears, without a doubt the most beautiful sound he had ever heard in his life, and above all else Kol was positive that she would never even look twice in his direction, but then incredulously, not only did she look but she came over and talked to him. 
“Fair day sir.” She whispered in her musical voice shyly looking at the ground. 
In a matter of seconds he ruined his chances with his response, which was something along the lines of. “Umm…ahh…me Kol hi.” 
“He means fair day to you as well and that his name is Kol miss…?” Smiled Hagar trying to help. 
Without taking her eyes off of Kol she responded kindly. “My name is Sig, tell me would it be terribly inappropriate if I asked you to take a walk with me so we can get to know each other a little better?” 
Still dumbfounded by the fact that she was talking to him Kol just stared blankly at her in silence. 
Punching him on the arm Hagar woke him up from his dreaming. “Go ahead Kol we’ve got some time to spare before Bjorn gets back.” 
Shaking his head to clear the fog from it Kol smiled from ear to ear thankful to Hagar for his assistance. “By all means Miss Sig I’d like nothing more than to spend some time with you, say the rest of our lives?” He joked nervously as Hagar slapped his own forehead scarcely able to believe Kol had said that. 
“If the Norns deem it so fair one.” She blushed surprising them both with her answer. 
Turning the same color as Sig he slowly stood up locking eyes with her. 
“You are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen in my entire life.” 
“Thank you.” She whispered turning to head towards the door. “Such a compliment from such a handsome man flatters me.” 
Following eagerly Kol smiled questioning the beautiful woman as they strolled leisurely. “So where are you from?” 
“I was born and raised here, what about you?” She asked leading him to the hills overlooking the city. 
“I was born in Skaalholt, or so I was told, I don’t know for sure because my mother died giving birth to me. I grew up on the streets and in the gutters.” He said bitterly. “Hardly a place befitting of a beautiful maiden such as you.” 
Touching his arm to comfort him Sig stared at him with a look of genuine concern. “Nonsense Kol that life must have been hard but with you it would have been wonderful, I’m sorry that you went through that alone. What about your father did you not have him?” 
“My father…wasn’t around.” He replied quietly avoiding any other information about him. 
“But things have looked up, after all the Norns led you to me.” She beamed. 
“The best day of my life.” He smiled back. “So tell me fair maiden what do you have planned for the future?” 
With a small laugh she looked at him then back at the city frowning for a moment. “The future is always changing, I thought that I’d meet a nice man and marry him raising a family here continuing on to see my grandchildren, but the gods and Norns don’t always allow such things, so who knows, but what of you Kol?” 
“I had planned to travel through the Norse lands making my way until I reach Greece, it is my dream to become a hero of renown throughout the world where my name is on the lips of the gods themselves, but…” He said turning to face her taking her hands in his own. “I would give it all up and stay here with you to fulfill your dreams forsaking my own if you so wished.” 
Looking at their hands she whispered. “I can tell that you are a kind and good man Kol, I could see myself happy with you forever. May I ask you, do you think I am really pleasing to the eyes?” 
“You are beautiful both inside and out from what I can tell.” He beamed.  
“But would you take me and consummate our union right now, promising yourself to only me forever?” She pressed stepping a little closer. 
Stunned, Kol looked around before breathing in her scent and answering. “Truthfully, I feel like I will die if I can’t have you in every way, I want to make love to you, to marry you and have children with you. If I can’t have you I feel like my soul will rip in half, it literally hurts thinking I might not be with you in every way.” 
Sobbing a little she looked towards the sunset. 
“Please tell me that those are tears of joy and not of sorrow my dove.” Begged Kol severally worried. 
“Let’s go to the inn my fair one.” She answered forcing a smile. 
Together the two of them held hands nearly running to the inn and for a moment Sig realized that she actually liked Kol beyond the power of the goddess and were things different she could easily see herself with him of her own choosing. 
Five minutes later the two of them entered Kol’s room with Sig locking the door behind them quickly. After a moment he walked over to her and slowly he began to strip off her clothes little by little until her perfect body was naked in front of him in full glorious perfection, then in return Sig slowly striped him down tracing her finger over the perfectly defined muscles on his arms and chest before heading to the bed and laying down in wait. 
Timidly Kol followed her to the bed positioning himself over her but before he could go any further she put her finger on his lips signaling for him to wait. 
“There is something I must tell you Kol before anything further can happen.” She whispered beginning to tear up again. 
“You can tell me anything what is it my fair one?” He questioned happily sure that she was tearing out of love and joy. 
“I…I am married, I’m so, so very sorry my fair one. I don’t mean to hurt you or make anything difficult for you but I need you to know the truth before anything can happen, if you don’t want to be with me because of this I understand. Likewise, if you wish to continue with me I will understand that as well and give my everything to you.” 
Kol would have rather been sent to Helheim and face all of its many tortures, he would have rather been beaten and raped over and over by Ragnar than hear that the woman he now suddenly loved was married. 
But, unfortunately all he could do was ask. “Why?” He questioned frozen in place. “Why did you come to me?” 
“I had to, I’m sorry Kol. What will you do now? Will you make love to me as you so desperately wanted to or will you send me away back to my husband forsaking what we both feel?” 
Getting up off of her Kol put his clothes back on quickly as he stared out the window with his back to her. 
“Get dressed and go back to your husband fair one, we are done. I would not take another man’s wife no matter how much I want her or what I feel, had we met when you were single things may have been different but right now it cannot be helped.” 
Crying Sig got up slowly putting her clothes back on methodically like she was in a trance. “You are a good man Kol, part of me wishes that we had met sooner.” 
“Is your husband a good man?” He questioned without looking at her. 
“Yes.” 
“Then why would you do this?” He said with anger creeping into his voice. 
“I…cannot say Kol, I wish I could tell you but I can’t. Just know that I have the greatest respect for you and I will always have a place in my heart for you.” She said running out of the room in tears. 
In the hallway Lofn and Thor looked at one another clearly surprised. 
“He passed the test.” Growled Lofn furiously. 
“So he did, but there are many trails to come, this is but the first of many throughout his life, of that I am sure.” 
“Mark my words, I will have him turn to my cause Thor. I might not have his father but just you wait and see, by the time he has finished his…” 
Before she could finish a scream erupted from Kol’s lips born of pain and anger as it blew apart the room sending both Thor and Lofn flying through the walls of the inn onto the ground outside. Then, just as quickly and fully as it was destroyed it flew back together like nothing had happened. 
Laughing hysterically Lofn jumped back up to her feet. “Now that is more like it, I can’t wait to see what happens when he loses it completely, after all he is the son of the god of mischief and evil, it’s only a matter of time.” 
“It does not mean he will be like Loki, after all, he is only half Loki. He has his mother in him as well.” 
“And what does that matter? We don’t even know who his mother was but any woman that attracted Loki’s attention can’t be that great a person.” She smirked heading back into the gathering crowd. 
“Indeed, but I remain unconvinced, a man is not ruled by who his parents are but by the choices he makes.” Said Thor finishing his thought as he pulled the cloak back over his head just in time to see Bjorn running toward them. 
Running through the crowd Bjorn forcefully pushed his way through the crowd to the door of the inn running into Hagar full force. 
“What happened?” Questioned Bjorn concerned. “Are you boys okay?” 
“I’m fine, I don’t know about Kol though. He disappeared upstairs with some girl he met and a few minutes later the room exploded and then reformed itself.” 
“Hey are you and your boys the cause of this?” Questioned the inn keeper charging towards Bjorn with a battle axe. 
“I don’t have time for this!” Sighed Bjorn pulling out his sword and disarming the man in one motion. “If we were the cause I would have not stopped with a single room now get out of my sight letch.” 
The inn keeper dropped his eyes looking at the axe in fear trembling for a moment. “I’m sorry sir I didn’t know it was you. I thought you were someone else, I didn’t know you were back in town much less looking like this, you…” 
“That’s enough! I want this place cleared out while I check up stairs to find out what happened.” He snapped cutting him off as he headed towards the stairs. 
“I will guard down here father should anyone try to evade you.” Decided Hagar drawing his sword. 
“Excellent son.” Smiled Bjorn heading up the stairs cautiously. 
As he neared the top of the stairs he could hear light sobbing coming from their room confusing him. Slowly he pushed open the door to find Kol on the bed with his head in his hands crying. 
“Kol?” 
“The Norns are cruel Bjorn, or perhaps I am cursed for being a child of Loki. Maybe I should forget about this whole hero thing.” Kol wondered. 
“What happened Kol? Hagar said the room exploded and then put itself together again, did someone attack you?” He questioned looking around. “Where’s the girl you brought up her with you?” 
“She left back to her husband taking my heart and soul with her.” He sniffled glowing with power for a second again. 
“Your heart? How could you have fallen in love with her so quickly? You just met her.” 
“The moment I saw her I knew she was the perfect woman for me, I fell in love with her on sight, Sjofn worked her power on me and I was powerless against it.” He sighed. 
“This may not sound genuine but I assure you it is, I’m proud of you for doing the right thing.” Was the only comfort Bjorn could think to say. 
“Cold comfort Bjorn, it doesn’t help me stop hurting but I appreciate it none the less. All I keep thinking of is how angry I am and how badly I just want to destroy everything around me. Not the way a hero should feel or act.” Kol cried out allowing his tears to flow more fully at last. 
“Hence the room, but the fact that you rebuilt it tells me that you are not consumed by the hurt, it may not seem like you are going to get over this but trust me you will. We will focus on our goals and what must be done for you to become a hero.” He answered flatly. 
“Focus on work is that it?” 
“Trust me I’ve been there it’ll help.” He sighed patting him on the back. 
Suddenly jumping up from the bed with his hands glowing Kol put Bjorn on his guard instantly facing him with his sword at the ready. 
“What are you doing?” He snarled staring at Kol’s hands ready to fight him. 
“Something is coming.” Answered Kol sniffing at the air. 
The goddess Eir promptly appeared in the room with a glow around her. She was exquisitely beautiful with purple colored eyes and auburn hair hanging slightly in her face. Her tight fitting clothes hugged her perfect hourglass form making both men stare in awe until their wits returned and immediately both of them fell to their knees in reverence. 
“Goddess Eir, what can we do for you?” Questioned Bjorn with his head bowed. 
“Rise both of you, I come as a friend. First, dear Kol, worry not about what happened. I will heal your hurt, and bare Sig no ill will for what happened t’was not her fault nor was it yours for that matter. I cannot tell you more than that you have been tested and I doubt this will be the last time such a test will occur for emotion is your weakness. Just know that the gods are watching your every move to see what kind of person you become. As such because you have acted rightly, Odin has sent me to help you in this difficult time and deliver a message.” 
“Thank you and the all father for your kindness.” Said Kol breathlessly kneeling at her feet scarcely able to believe he was receiving a message from the king of the gods. 
With a smile she placed her hands on his head, which allowed light to flow from her touch encompassing Kol’s entire body until he glowed like a miniature sun. Then abruptly just as quickly as it came it disappeared, as slowly Kol stood smiling once again. 
“I will forever be in your debt.” He smiled. 
“You may not think so when you hear the message I bring you young one. Odin has charged you with three quests, the first which commands you to find the god Od who has been missing for ages, hidden from his beloved wife. Secondly, you must travel to Asgard and take back the hair Loki cut off of Sif and return it to her and your uncle Thor. Should you be successful in those quests and survive, you must then join the Greek demigod Vasos son of Aphrodite, and together you will complete two more nearly impossible tasks, you will have to journey to Tartarus and retrieve Kronos’ sickle. Then, you must travel to Helheim and retrieve Surtr’s flaming sword.” 
“And what of us?” Questioned Bjorn somewhat miffed at the developing situation. 
“You may help him along the way during his first two quests but once he meets up with the other demigod, the quests are theirs alone.” She answered frowning at him. “You have till then to train him, and even though you are allowed to travel with him it will be up to your collective group to decide if that is what is best.” 
“I see. I will use my time wisely then.” He said bowing once more. 
“Thank Odin for me.” 
“I will…Bjorn.” She said eyeing him curiously for a moment. “Now fair thee well, both of you.” With that Eir disappeared leaving them with their thoughts. 
“Looks like the plan to go to Greece will have to wait unless you want take your chances and defy the gods themselves, if that is the choice you make, know that I will abide by it and train you for as long as the Norns allow.” 
“I appreciate that Bjorn, but no, I want to be a hero and undertaking quests from the gods will help me to achieve that.” Smiled Kol happily. 
“Fair enough, but I will tell you that anytime the gods give you a quest there is more to it than a simple mission. They always have another agenda in mind, you would do well to remember that.” He said darkly. 
“Be that as it may I must try, and if it a hidden thing that motivates them, all I can do is my best to honor them by completing the quests. If I don’t, what kind of man would that make me?” He questioned rhetorically strapping on his weapons. 
“I understand your feeling, so the choice is then made, tomorrow we begin our journey. For now though you should get a good night’s sleep, I have a feeling you’ll need it.” 
 
Chapter 7 
 
“How many of these damn birds are there?” Contemplated Vasos as he flipped into the air while firing his last two arrows. 
Vasos’ body was already covered in cuts from the attacks of the birds and his strength was starting to run out so he knew the longer this drew out the more likely he was to die from a thousand cuts, by no means was he giving up but he knew in his heart that he couldn’t keep this up much longer. 
“Mother please help me.” He whispered running towards an abandoned farm house in the distance deciding that it was his best chance. 
As he ran at full speed towards the house he knew in his heart that he would probably never make it in time, the birds would be on him again any second and there would be nothing else he could do about it. But then suddenly hope filled his heart when he heard echoing in the distance the familiar baying of a hound. Looking to the far off edge of the forest Vasos saw his salvation in the form of Laelaps the massive dog running towards him at full force, his silver and black fur glimmered in the sun as his bull size form bayed again insistently drawing the attention of the birds away from Vasos.  
Instantly becoming a haze of motion it looked like he was going to run right into him, but the second before Laelaps reached Vasos the hound jumped over him grabbing the nearest bird out of the air and tearing it to pieces. 
Responding to the new threat the birds swarmed towards the hound intent on defeating him but, Laelaps the legendary hound was too fast for them to catch and one by one he grabbed the birds out of the sky as he expertly dodged the incoming attacks with untold grace. 
“Thank you mother.” Panted Vasos out of breath as he reached the safety of the farm house. 
For a moment he finally believed that everything would be okay until he heard the roaring grunt of a giant boar dashing his hopes. Running to the door he stared out over the landscape in disbelief as the giant Erymanthin Boar exploded from the forest scattering the birds and the hound in every direction as they fled in terror. With a gasp Vasos took in the sight trembling in fear for a moment before recovering with a sly smile and a plan forming in his head.  
As the creatures around it scattered the boar came to a stop at the front of the farm house, it roared again breathing its foul breath all over Vasos, its reddish colored eyes stared into his locking in his gaze as if it were trying to read what was in is soul. The dirt brown fur on its back was matted and crusted from its lack of care yet someone it was still standing on end like a cat ready to pounce as anxiously it pawed at the ground with its hoof ready to charge him. 
As he stared unflinchingly matching the creatures scrutiny Vasos caught something in the corner of his eye, after a moment longer he finally tore his gaze from the creatures face to notice who was riding on the back of the crazed animal angering him even further. “Christos!” He growled. “You couldn’t have done this on your own you’re too stupid and pathetic for that so let me guess, Ares?” 
“Did you think he would forgive you for the death of his son? No cousin, he wants his revenge and I will have mine, no longer will my father favor you and your ilk over me. Your death is now at hand Vasos, beg me to make it quick.” He sneered in an evil laugh. “Beg me for mercy!!” 
“Fear not my son for I am with you always and I am sending you help.” 
Whispered Aphrodite in his mind. “You will not fall this day.” 
Slowly a smile he couldn’t control began to form as he stared at the maniacal demigod. “I beg of no one Christos, least of all the likes of you, my enemies don’t scare me, for I have family that loves me and I draw strength from them. That alone ought to give you and any other fool pause before attacking me. Now I give you this one chance to leave before I am forced to hurt you.” He smiled fully finally matching Christos’ look. 
“I urge you to see reason and take my offer, I would hate to cause Lord 
Zeus any heartache on account of you being a prideful fool.” 
“And how would you accomplish that?” Questioned Christos with a laugh. “You are alone, I don’t see your little doggy around here anymore and with my powers and this Boar you have no chance of winning. So maybe I’m just a little blinded by my impending victory but I don’t see how you could do what you claim.” 
“It’s simple for me, I’ll accomplish it like this.” Beamed Vasos pointing behind Christos. 
“You don’t really think I’ll fall for such a trick do you Vasos? You really underestimate me, I am no simpleton.” Just then an enormous crash shook the ground as a giant fox bounded out of the forest so quickly it rammed the boar in the side knocking it over in disbelief before it could react. 
Thrown to the ground at the boars’ feet Christos rolled to the side narrowly avoiding being squashed by the giant boar which flopped around completely frustrated as it tried to regain its footing. 
“The Teumessian fox!” Yelled Christos in anger and disbelief. “Your mother won’t be able to save you forever Vasos! Eventually you will find yourself without her protection and on that day you will die!” 
Climbing onto the back of the fox Vasos laughed at his frustration and threats. “I won’t need her to save me much longer, I grow stronger with each passing day Christos and you are hardly one to talk since you cannot attack anyone without help yourself. This day is just getting better for behold here comes my father.” He laughed as he pointed at a stream of light that shot towards them. 
Like a meteor Hephaestus slammed into the ground shattering everything where he landed between the fox and the boar causing them to jump backwards in fear as they dodged the debris. 
“Humph, I can’t say I’m surprised to find you here Christos, ever the little lap dog of Ares aren’t you?” He said immediately floating up to Vasos on the back of the fox. “You would listen to our brother at the risk of defying our father for him?” 
“I don’t know what you’re talking about Lord Hephaestus. I have my own score to settle with Vasos devoid of any hate our brother may harbor towards him.” Christos said denying the accusation as he climbed back onto the boar. 
“Whatever you say child, protect Ares if you like but in either case I have no patience for your interference right now, so stay put or face my wrath.” He said waving his hand forcing a cage to appear around the boar. 
“You can’t do this!” Protested Christos immediately trying to squeeze through the bars. 
Turning hastily to stare at him Hephaestus silenced any further objections with his piercing gaze. 
“Hello father, I am sorry you had to intervene please do not think me weak still. I don’t know how it is that they found me.” Sighed Vasos remembering the day in the temple when he failed to teach the blasphemers the lesson they deserved. 
“I’m sure Ares set him to the task so do not trouble yourself anymore on it for I have not done so and will not do so son, let us instead turn to more joyous things. For example here is the weapon I made for you, I took the liberty of bringing it to you before you start your long journey. Now, you must speed your way to Olympia. Once there you will find aid from Sander the demigod son of Dionysus, he will accompany you on your quest.” 
“What quest do you speak of father? Can I not return to Sparta?” He questioned halfheartedly. 
“Zeus has decreed that you must undertake three quests to prove yourself, as well as a way to atone for the death of Ares child. I am sorry but this is the will of the Father of Olympus, for the first quest you must journey to Rhodes where you will find the home of Chrysaor the golden sword, you must defeat him and his pirates, once you have you must take from him his coveted golden mask. As for the second quest, you must find the legendary lost armor of Achilles and claim it for yourself. Both are hard tasks and will test you in every way possible, and should you survive both of these tasks you will be joined for the third by a Norse demigod, Kol son of Loki. Together you both will first travel to Tartarus and retrieve the sickle of Kronos, then you will travel together to Helheim and retrieve the sword of Surtr if you can. Be warned though that once the third quest starts you and the other demigod will only have your powers and each other to rely on, no one else may help either of you including the gods.” Hephaestus said sorrowfully clearly worried about his son. 
“All this for defending myself against a mad son of Ares who was in the wrong and deserved his fate?” Vasos spat in anger. 
“It is that and much more, everything else will be revealed to you in time.” He sighed in response.  
“I don’t suppose you could tell me the other reasons right now could you?” Huffed Vasos still miffed at his punishment. 
“Regrettably I cannot my son, I have already interfered more than I should have. I must release Christos shortly, and in the end you will have to deal with him on your own. Although, I will allow you a good head start though for at least that is in my power to do right now, go my son and may the fates be kind.” 
“Thank you father but it concerns me to place my life in the hands of a demigod I know nothing about, much less a demigod that has been sired by Loki.” Said Vasos standing up on the fox to hug his father tightly who welcomed it with open arms. 
“I understand son, nevertheless I am sure that you have been pared with him for good reason although I do not know what the reasons are myself, and I suspect it is a test for both of you as a team as much as it is an individual one. Keep that in mind my child so you do not make any rash judgments or decisions.” Hephaestus pointed out trying to encourage him for the hard quest ahead.  
“I will remember that father and again I thank you for everything you have given and done for me.” Vasos smiled before shooting off into the distance at full speed on the fox. 
Turning back toward Christos, Hephaestus smiled. “Now what shall I do with you my little rebel of a brother? Release you and the boar? Or send the boar away and make you find another way to follow your cousin?” 
“You can’t take my boar from me.” Christos pleaded through the cage forcing his anger to the side for the moment. 
“It is not your boar, it is a creature of the wild that belongs to Pan and I seriously doubt that he gave it to you.” Snapped Hephaestus. 
Before Christos could answer from out of nowhere a ball of fire slammed into Hephaestus’ chest knocking him to the ground as it took him off guard. 
“I allowed him to use it, Pan and his rules be damned.” Roared Ares landing next to the cage forcing it to dissolve releasing the boar and Christos. “Vasos couldn’t have gotten far, stop him before he gets help from the other demigod.” He said turning to Christos. “I will handle our brother.” 
Suddenly flying through the air a large hammer rammed into Ares with such force it buried him in the ground. 
“It was unwise of you to interfere Ares.” Declared Hephaestus walking towards the hole leisurely as he covered it with fire so intense the dirt instantly turned to glass. 
In answer to Hephaestus’ remarks the ground erupted with the force of a bomb as Ares shot into the air with a red glow around his body. “Really? Did you think I would fear you, you a pathetic cripple?” 
“No, I didn’t believe you would, but I do believe that you fear our father.” He smiled widely. 
With a deafening sound of thunder, lightning crackled through the clear blue sky striking Ares with such force he was barely conscious as the smoke cleared. 
“You dare to defy me Ares?!” Boomed Zeus’ voice as he lowered himself to the ground near Ares. 
“Father, what lies has Hephaestus told you?” Ares questioned struggling to get up. 
“None, it was not he that informed me of your plans but another. Someone who’s council on the subject I would not take lightly and so I watched. I know for a fact that you helped Christos track Vasos down as well as giving him the means to get here before Hephaestus could deliver the message I sent, do you still deny this?” Rumbled Zeus crackling with electricity. 
“I do not. I have the right to my revenge. The whelp killed my son!” Yelled Ares defiantly standing with his chest puffed out. 
“Your son was behaving as a disgusting little bully who got what he deserved in the end. Further more even if that wasn’t the case that does not mean that you get to interrupt my well laid plans, especially when it concerns the fate of Olympus and our family!” He screamed firing another bolt of lightning into Ares. 
Blocking it with his sword just in time Ares flew back just a bit. “What in 
Hades are you talking about?!” 
“The oracle of Delphi has spoken. Vasos and another demigod named Kol will be instrumental in our survival or destruction.” Complained Zeus at the thought of their fate being out of their hands. “And you are ruining everything!” 
“I…I don’t care! I want him dead and one day soon he will be! The fates be damned!” Yelled Ares disappearing before Zeus could answer or punish him for his stubbornness. 
Zeus trembled for a moment as he stared at the sky for a moment before getting his anger under control as he turned back towards Hephaestus who had been quietly watching the whole time. “In truth he has a right to his anger.” Zeus conceded now that Ares had gone. 
“Perhaps, but none the less you have spoken on the subject and he should respect that father. Instead he has been blinded to the greater good of us all and he will be a problem if he continues down this path.” Hephaestus warned. 
“Maybe he will, but I think it best if for now someone else watches over Vasos, your feelings towards Ares go much deeper than this singular issue and I do not need a war among the gods. I will have someone else take charge of his welfare for now.” Stated Zeus firmly making his decision final. 
Hephaestus opened his mouth to argue but then thought better of it. “As you wish father.” 
Giving him one last stare Zeus changed into a bolt of lightning soaring back to Olympus. 
“Maybe I cannot directly help you son but that doesn’t mean I can’t do exactly what Ares is doing in my own way.” He smiled disappearing himself in a ball of flame. 
 
Chapter 8 
 
The morning was nice enough as mornings go, slowly the sunlight was kissing each and every building, and tree and blade of grass it could giving everything a feel of rebirth and peace. The birds were singing delightfully as if the whole world belonged to them and the people of the city seemed like they were in the best of spirits as they talked and joked with one another. But all of this was nearly lost on Kol, all he could think about was how great it would be to share this view with Sig. 
“Look out!” Came Bjorn’s voice waking him from his thoughts with a start. 
Turning around hastily Kol dodged a dagger just in time as in cut through the air with deadly accuracy while it sped towards his head. 
“What the hell is wrong with you?” Kol stammered from the anger at first until he saw a stranger at the door trying to force it closed on Bjorn. 
“Who are you?” Questioned Kol irritated at being woke from his thoughts more than the attempt on his life as the man finally shut and locked the door. 
“I’m the man whose wife you tried to steal!” The man yelled back at Kol shaking with fury as tears streamed down his face. 
Softening a bit Kol just stared for a moment unsure how to start or make it up to the distraught man. At the same time Bjorn stopped pushing on the door to listen knowing in his heart that things had to play out with no interference from him. 
Gradually the man facing Kol drew a rusted sword that made a horrid scraping noise as it was forced from the sheath. Watching the man struggle to get the sword free Kol couldn’t help but feel sorry for him, it was clear that this young man had never fought anyone in his entire life and had no training to do so at all. His six foot stick figure body trembled in either anger or fear but Kol at the moment couldn’t decide which it was, for all he knew maybe it was both and he couldn’t blame him for that at all. His sky blue eyes were tinged with red and surrounded with puffy red skin from his insistent crying and his dirty blond hair was a close cut. The front of his off white shirt was dirty with signs of him having fallen more than once in the last few hours, his black leather pants were obviously aged (probably handed down), as were his black boots and wrist bands. His finger nails were dirty and his hands were weathered from a life of hard work and his skin was sun beaten and leathery.  And as he stared longer and longer at Kol his square jaw became twisted in a sneer of anger while his lip trembled trying to hold back more tears. 
“I will send you to the afterlife for what you did!” He screeched with a cracking voice. 
Sighing Kol sat down on the bed. “What did I do? Walk with your wife and talk with her? Nothing even happened.” 
“Nothing happened?! Nothing happened?!” He screamed stepping a few paces closer although at the same time he made sure to keep himself out of sword range. “Because of you my wife spent the day away from me and gave her heart to another man! How can you say that nothing happened? Did you or did you not see her naked body?” 
“What?!” Questioned Kol both excited and ashamed. 
“She came back and told me everything, she told me that in the short time you two spent together she began to fall in love with you beyond the force of the goddess. She told me that our arranged marriage was something she had never really wanted and if she had met you first it would have been a dream come true. Now you look me in the eye and tell me again that nothing happened.” 
“Then she must have also told you that I had no idea about the truth…I never knew she was married until the day was over and the moment I found out she was married I stopped everything and sent her back to you. Despite my own feelings of love and lust! How fair do you think this was to me? The gods played with me sending someone that without a doubt I know is my soul mate! We were made for one another, she and I are pieces of the same puzzle.” 
“I don’t care! Before you she said she loved me completely and now, now her heart is torn in two and I fear that you hold the larger part! She said that she would not leave me and asked that I stay, but why would I? Why stay knowing that her heart would never fully be mine?” He cried. 
“Because she does love you and you’ll never be lucky enough to find a woman like her again.” He snapped shooting to his feet making the man stumble backwards in fear. “And if you can’t see that then you don’t deserve her or the pathetic life you have!” He finished beginning to glow with power. 
Backing into the wall the jilted man shrieked in terror staring at Kol as his sword fell from his limp hand. 
Perplexed at the reaction Kol looked down at himself, surprised to find that his entire body was vibrating and glowing with a shimmer of green energy that surrounded him completely. Hearing the scream Bjorn gathered all of his strength and hastily kicked open the door to find the strange scene playing out in front of him. 
“Kol! You need to listen to me and try to calm down, focus on your breathingyou’re your heartbeat. You don’t want a repeat of what happened yesterday, this time you may not be lucky enough to not harm anyone.” He said raising his hands in a defensive and non-threatening way. 
“I didn’t even know it was happening!” Shouted Kol with a pleading tone in his voice as he began to freak out himself. 
“Ok, ok, it’s all going to be alright, look at me, focus on my eyes and the sound of my voice and just try and relax. I promise you everything will work out and get better just think relaxing thoughts, dream of a place that is totally yours and filled with the people and things that you care about most.” He guided in a tranquil voice that somehow vibrated and filled the air around them. 
“Wow Bjorn, with the gods as my witnesses that has to be the most amazingly stupid thing I have ever heard.” He cackled loudly. “Special place? You know where I came from and what I lived through I don’t have a special place!” “This is ridiculous but as retarded as it may sound I’ll just try it.” He said slightly sighing to himself. 
Forcing himself to be in the right state of mind Kol closed his eyes in concentration, slowly the images of his own private paradise formed in his mind. As he watched a beautiful castle with shimmering white towers and a fortified wall build itself, the windows shone bouncing the light of a newly forming sun peeking through a cloudy sky. All around him mountains formed encircling the valley where his castle sat, each one had a giant river flowing from the top peak and into a massively thick forest covering the mountains which led into a large lake sitting in front of his castle. 
“It’s perfect.” He whispered to himself. 
“Yes it is thank you for building it for us my fair one.” Came Sig’s musical voice. 
Spinning to face her Kol caught his breath. “Sig, what are you doing here?” 
She laughed musically at the question while she threw her arms around his neck. “Where else would I be silly?” 
“Um, with your husband?” He answered unable and unwilling to move. 
Frowning she looked thoughtfully into his eyes. “But you are my husband fair one.” 
Blinking several times Kol forced himself to look around once again, in awe he realized that this was in fact his perfect place with everything that he had been wanting. Even though it didn’t say it anywhere he somehow knew that in this place he was revered and loved throughout the land as a great and commanding hero of the people. 
“How do you feel my husband?” She questioned with a reassuring smile. 
“Is there anything that I can do for you?” 
“I’m wonderful, completely happy since I’m engulfed in your love.” He smiled. “I need nothing more than that.” 
“I will be in the house my fair one waiting for you, anytime you need me I am here for you.” She said with a final kiss that was so deeply passionate that it made his entire body shiver before she turned to enter the castle gates. “By the way, Lord Odin and the other gods are here for the party to praise you on becoming the hero you have become bringing honor to both yourself and your father by saving the world countless times. So hurry up you don’t want to be late my fair one.” 
With a deep breath he floated into the air of his perfect place over looking it as he slowly disappeared leaving it behind for the moment, as he returned to the real world. Opening his eyes slowly he sighed contently to find Bjorn smiling at him proudly. 
“I take it you were fruitful in your endeavor of building the perfect place for yourself?” He asked already knowing the answer. 
“I was.” He replied happily as he scanned his body which thankfully had returned to normal. 
“Was she there?” Interrupted the whispered voice of Sig’s husband sitting in the corner of the small room with his head in his hands as he lightly sobbed. 
Sorrowfully Kol walked over to stand in front of him. “I am sorry for what happened to you. It was not of my doing and if I could’ve speared you this pain I would have, that being said though, I also cannot change the way I feel about Sig and for that I will not make an apology. However, in the grand scheme of things my feelings don’t matter, she is your wife and if anything I will have to endure the pain of knowing that the one person I have ever loved can never be mine. Please do not hate me or Sig, the gods can be cruel and some use humans like pawns in their tests and games. Let go of your own anger and pain because it was none of our faults, what happened was fated by the Norns and the gods whom we must all abide by and as a result I will have to endure the pain of missing her for the rest of my life and I think that is torture enough for me. Besides that, let us not forget that she chose to stay with you that alone speaks volumes to not only her love for you but her character as well and you don’t have to worry about me getting in the way ever again, my companions and I are leaving this place today and I doubt that I’ll ever come back.” 
“But how can I go back to the way things were after what happened? Knowing in my heart that hers shall always be torn in some way for you.” He pleaded in wonder. 
Grabbing him by his arms Kol forced the sobbing man to his feet, with a powerful slap Kol struck him in the face to shock him back to his senses. “Get a hold of yourself you baby! Be thankful for the love she gives you, go home and treat her like the queen she is, because if I find out you do anything other than that I will come back here and make you pay.” 
“Kol!” Shouted Bjorn seizing Kol’s hands forcefully as he pulled him off of the other man. “Let him go, I will talk to him and make this right. 
Now leave!” He damned shoving him towards the door. 
Kol resisted for a moment still angry at the man for his tantrum but all at once the gravity of what must be weighing on the poor man came back to his mind robbing him of his fury, instantaneously his shoulders slumped and he walked out of the room. 
After Kol left Sig’s husband just stared at Bjorn. “Thank you stranger but I fear I am beyond anyone’s help save the gods.” He sighed. 
Closing the door Bjorn turned to stare at the man for a moment. “Then you are in luck.” He smiled changing form until he showed his true form as the god Vili, brother of Odin. “Tell me mortal what is your name?” “Hiem my lord.” He said frozen in awe and shock. 
Vili just stared as his intense green eyes swallowed everything in the room and for a twinkling moment Hiem was lost in wonderment at the sight of them, until his fear turned him away realizing the sight and size of the god. Standing at eight feet tall with the build of a model statue forged in perfection Villi towered so high his head had to slightly bend for him to stand in the room. His white beard flowed over his chest and mixed with his long white hair that lied across his shoulders, over his chest and halfway down his back. His garb was a godly armor that covered him from head to toe in a colored mixture of midnight black and gold, in the center of his chest plate was the image of a lion that was frozen in mid roar. 
“Face me son of Midgard and do not be afraid, I am Vili brother of Odin, and I shall give you the peace you so desperately long for, my grandnephew Kol was telling you the truth when he said that he was not at fault for what took place between Sig and himself. It was in fact the evil work of the goddess Lofn. She wanted to test Kol, a test meant to see what kind of person he is at his core and although it was cruel to involve you and your wife it has none the less happened and that cannot be changed, all we can do is forge ahead and in that respect I can help you. Your wife is pure of heart, Lofn had to use all of her power to force Sig to go to Kol and seduce him.” 
“But she didn’t make her fall in love with him did she my lord? That was of her own doing was it not?” He questioned still unable to look at the god. 
“It was. Although this matters not for I will erase the memory of what happened, you will not recall anything that took place between them. Things will go back to the way they were for you, but that is the extend of what I can offer you.” Villi answered firmly. 
“Will you erase her memory as well my lord?” He questioned hopefully. 
“That is for her to decide.” He stated with a grunt. “For despite what happened I will not encroach on her free will for that has happened enough already.”  
“I…understand. Please take my memory away, I cannot take the pain any longer my lord. I fear if what I know remains it will destroy me and those around me.” He sniffled choking back the last of his tears. 
“As you wish child.” Said Vili touching his forehead with his pointer finger which poured light from his finger into his head making Hiem’s eyes shine brightly for a few seconds before he stared blankly at the form of Bjorn standing in front of him. 
“What was that?” He questioned thinking that he had missed something that was said, something important but he couldn’t quite grab onto. 
“I was saying that the job is all set up for you now that I’m leaving town, Gar the blacksmith has agreed to take you in and train you as his apprentice, good luck and again thank you for helping me out when I first got to town.” He said shaking Hiem’s hand forcefully. “By the way I heard you recently got married, how are things going with your new bride?” 
Hiem’s smile quickly stretched from ear to ear at the mention of his wife. 
“Wonderful! She is the most wonderful and good hearted woman I have ever met! I’m truly blessed by the gods to have her as my wife! None can rival her beauty, inside or out!” 
“You’ve no idea.” Mumbled Bjorn under his breath. 
“What?” Questioned Hiem unsure of what he heard. 
“I said congratulations, good deal.” He replied quickly. “Well, you better get going my friend, Gar is expecting you any minute now.” 
“You’re right. I don’t want to be late on my first day, and thanks again for everything.” He said running out the door. 
Closing the door again Vili took his true form again, then, with a snap of his fingers Sig appeared in front of him with red swollen eyes and a half washed dish in her hands. Seeing Vili she jumped in surprise dropping the dish to the floor and placing her hands over her mouth instead of bowing like she normally would have. 
“Forgive me my lord for my unsightly appearance and lack of reverence but the gods have stung me recently and my faith has been shaken.” She said looking at the floor bitterly. 
“You need not apologize my child, I know what was done to you and I am here to offer you a reprieve from the horrible feelings you are experiencing. If you so desire it, I will wipe away the memory of what Lofn made you do and the problems it caused for you just as I did for your husband.” 
Brightening a bit Sig dropped to her knees. “Oh thank you great Vili, you are truly benevolent.” 
“Then you accept my gift?” He questioned. 
“Oh yes my Lord.” She said happily. “Now that you have helped my dear husband things can go back to the way they once were and everyone will once again be happy!” 
“As you wish,” He smiled reaching towards her forehead. Unexpectedly, right before he touched her she slightly cringed giving him cause to pause. “What troubles you child?” He questioned concerned. 
“It’s just, I mean, I was wondering if I would lose the feelings and memories I feel for Kol as well?” She asked shyly. “And I hesitate to ask but has Kol chosen to forget about me and everything that happened between us as well?” 
“I haven’t offered this to Kol, for I already know his answer and he would not trade the feelings he developed for you even though they are coupled with the pain of your loss. As for you, if you do chose this reprieve I’m afraid you will lose everything that transpired, after all, you cannot have one without the other.” Vili explained. 
“Then if I may, I’d like to keep my memories of everything that happened. I would rather have the pain as well as the feelings of love than have neither. I promise I will never speak of what happened again and I will not let it affect my duties as Hiem’s wife.” She swore slightly backing away. 
“I believe you would try your best child to do what you say, but eventually it would eat at you to tell him everything and once you did both of you would suffer once again. However there may be a way, I could repress the memories instead of taking them and should you ever be single again they will return, in this state you will feel the love but not know where it is coming from or who it for but you will none the less have them.” He posed as an alternative. 
“I suppose that is the best I could hope for, so again thank you my lord.” She sighed. 
Without hesitation Vili touched her forehead repressing the memories and sending her home at the same time to make her blissfully unaware of all that had taken place. Happy at the way things had worked out Vili congratulated himself until a sudden knock at the door startled him into waking from his thoughts as he retook the form of Bjorn quickly before answering the door to find Hagar looking concerned. 
“Is everything alright father? I saw Kol and he told me what happened, I was wondering if there is any way that I could help.” He questioned hopefully. 
“Everything is fine Hagar, I took care of it of course but tis good that you are actively trying to help me and Kol. But now there is nothing else to speak of on the matter, now let’s get Kol and head out, we have a long way to go if we’re going to make good time to Ktn.” 
 
Chapter 9 
 
The speed of the fox was so quick that the world became a blur of slight images that passed before Vasos’ eyes changing the journey time immensely from the days it would have taken to a few short hours as the cascade of colors flowed around them, and even though he couldn’t see the details of the landscape that they passed by there was no mistaking the fox was taking him on a route of great beauty. As such part of him wished he had more time to see everything and maybe have some wondrous adventures filled with beautifully magical places but he knew that he had to make good distance from his Spartan home, too much bad blood was there now. 
Mixed feelings bubbled to the surface with the thoughts of the seeing his city again and what that might mean, but seeing it was unlikely to happen for a very, very long time if ever. Aside from the problems he now had with the some of the gods and their children, the Spartan guards were after him for the murder of his cousin as well. Of course it was a farce and everyone knew that, the guards that accused him were his dead rivals’ loyalist dogs and although everyone knew Vasos to be innocent, it wasn’t what you knew it was what you could prove. And they had made sure to fake enough evidence to prove without a doubt that he was undeniably guilty. The worst part of it all was how badly he missed his city, he could take the accusations’, the fights and the blood but he missed the army and the training, he missed giving his all for duty and honor and even though he had gone through the hard life of a Spartan soldier in training, he wouldn’t have traded it for anything. He believed in Sparta and elatedly served the King and his wishes. He had known that it was only a matter of time before the King of Sparta and or the gods would have noticed his skill and sent him on quests that would make him famous. Instead of a wondrous life of adventure and honor though he was branded as a traitor and murderer. And right then although he didn’t know how or when Vasos was determined to clear his name and remove the preverbal bad apples from the Spartan army once and for all. 
For now though he was here speeding across the lands of Greece on one of Pan’s creatures from the wild towards the sea on a quest from Zeus himself, so maybe it wasn’t the way he had imagined getting a quest but nonetheless he had one now and that’s what mattered most. This was it, this was the start of how he would clear his name. 
Bursting into a large open field with a beautiful lake the fox swiftly slowed down as it changed from a run to a trot as it neared the edge of the water lapping on the shore for a well-deserved long drink while it panted in between massive slurps. Thinking about it for a moment Vasos slid off the fox landing near the edge of the lake himself grabbing the chance to take a drink and splash some water on his face though the moment his feet touched the ground the fox gave him a giant lick across his entire body lifting him completely off the ground and tossing him a few feet away into the shallow part of the lake soaking him completely. 
“Thanks.” He muttered wading his way back to the shore. “I suppose that’s one way to cool off.” Grudgingly Vasos smirked at the fox who grunted in reply as it watched him kneel down at the edge taking a long drink himself. 
The cool water was so refreshing and invigorating that Vasos could feel every drop slide down his throat as if it was somehow magical making the moment divine until crashing out of the forest the massive boar once again appeared with a horrifying screech as it headed full force towards them. 
With a deep threatening growl the fox stared at the boar keeping it at bay with its intense stare while it laid down for Vasos to climb on its back once again. Quickly he scrambled up the side of the fox onto its back until he gingerly leaned down to its ear. “I know how you feel but instead go my friend, this is not the time for us to do battle.” 
“You can’t escape me Vasos! No matter who helps you or what you do I will be the end of you, I will chase you to the end of the world if I have too!” Yelled Christos wildly shooting electricity in every direction. 
Ignoring the display the fox turned instantly running back towards the tattered road to Olympia while Vasos spun around on the back of the fox facing the direction of the boar, that was in full charge after them. 
“You’re dreaming Christos! You’ll never catch us and even if you did it wouldn’t matter because you will never defeat me! I will be a champion of the gods and the people! You’ll never be anything more than a lap dog of Ares! Give up cousin, you will always be second best to me, but take heart second place is still the first loser!” He laughed as the fox increasingly pulled away from the boar. 
Frustrated at Vasos words and the situation words failed Christos forcing him to answer only in a scream of ferocity as he shot several bolts of lightning out of his hand towards the fox narrowly missing both it and Vasos. 
“Your aim is as bad as your looks Christos.” Wailed Vasos in delight throwing his sword through the air at the head of the boar. 
With amazing speed it surprised Vasos as the boar dodged the sword somehow while at the same time it started to close the distance. 
“Pathetic!” Yelled Christos triumphantly. “You missed.” 
Without answering Vasos just smiled at him making Christos wonder what he was up to and putting him on guard despite the way the situation looked. Instinctually Christos looked behind him though he had no reason to that he knew of, just in time he sighted Vasos’ sword somehow incredulously flying through the air straight at him, and without a second to spare at the last second Christos fell backwards narrowly dodging the deadly blade that still grazed his shoulder spilling a little bit of blood. 
“What’s a matter Christos, nothing to say? Have I finally achieved the impossible and shut you up?” Questioned Vasos catching the sword as it flew back into his hand. 
Quickly Christos regained his bearings and took the chance to rise all the way to his feet where he just stared in anger at his wound before looking back at Vasos with his eyes full of malice. “By the gods I swear that I’ll have your head mounted on my wall!” 
“You’ll have to excuse my laughing Christos but you and I both know that you are a loser and as I said before every soul on the planet knows that you can’t defeat me!” Vasos cackled wildly. 
Turning back around, Vasos straddled the fox again grabbing onto the fur tightly. “Run Teumessian, run as fast as you can. Get us to Olympia so I can finish this, once and for all.” 
With an undeniable eruption of speed the fox abruptly bent the world around them covering distances that would normally take weeks or even months to traverse, as he struggled to not fall off Vasos turned his head to see the boar somehow still following closely behind them but slowly losing ground. 
Cursing under his breath Vasos looked ahead and breathed a sigh of relief to see the city of Olympia coming into view on the horizon. “Come on be there.” Whispered Vasos hopefully. 
Seconds later they were on the outskirts of the city with the world returning to normal so quickly that Vasos felt slightly nauseous from the ordeal. Pulling him out of the feeling instantly was the first thing he couldn’t help but notice, instead of a well prepared demigod warrior ready for battle there was a giant hammock swinging in front of the massive walls a little ways from the city with a young man leisurely eating grapes and drinking from a flask. 
Sliding to a stop in front of the young man on the fox Vasos expected him to jump with surprise or fear, but instead he lazily looked up at them unfazed by the scene. In the place of major emotion was another lazy yawn that somehow in of itself angered Vasos. With a quick mental prayer Vasos hoped this wasn’t the man he was supposed to be meeting, glancing back he could see that the boar was almost upon them. Deciding that he may have judged the young man too quickly he turned back to face him half hoping he might find someone else standing there as well but to his disappointment the only person around was still the same guy. The young man looked about five foot nine, he had dark brown hair and eyes to match. Visibly he was well built despite his appearance of being completely lazy which was augmented by his dirty clothes. His upper shirt was obviously once white but now was looking light brown in almost a colorful design from whatever he had been doing, which ironically matched his dust brown pants that looked brand new but weirdly enough didn’t match his boots which were pure black. 
“Please tell me you’re not the help I was promised.” Sighed Vasos dropping to the ground shakily like he had already been defeated. 
Looking up with a tired frown and drowsy red tinged eyes the young man replied. “You almost got dirt in my drink.” 
Looking from him to the giant boar closing ever faster in the distance and back again at him, Vasos just stared at the young man in disbelief for a moment until all his hope drained from him leaving him with humor at his luck. “Oh heaven forefend, how will you ever survive with dirt ALMOST getting in your precious drink?” Vasos questioned was a bit of anger edging into his voice. 
“You aren’t very smart are you? Don’t worry, it’s ok if you didn’t really understand what I said or why it was important even though you repeated the words. If you recall, I said that you ALMOST got dirt in it. You didn’t actually get anything in it, I can still drink it. Not that a little dirt would have stopped me anyway, after all this is some good stuff you don’t just let stuff like this go to waste. I make it myself you know.” He smiled dreamily before taking another drink. 
“That’s wonderful and I really, really hate to interrupt your rant but you and I have more pressing concerns at the moment.” Vasos said pointing at boar approaching the two of them. 
Raising an eyebrow while staring past him at the boar the young man simply shrugged his shoulders in response before going back to his grapes and flask. “I don’t know who that is on that big cat thing but I’m guessing it’s your problem not mine, I don’t remember pissing off a giant cat thing or it’s weird owner. I mean really how do you forget something like that? No I’m not saying that I couldn’t have forgotten because I mean wow, I have had some really great parties….” He trailed off for a second before shaking his head. “I’m sorry what were we talking about?” 
“Really?” Questioned Vasos trembling in anger until to make things worse the fox howled in the air before running off into the forest in the distance. 
“You seem tense pal, is it because your puppy ran away? How about a drink?” The young man offered happily. 
“First off that is a boar not a cat and that was a fox not a puppy, so gee I’d love to have a drink, but we’re about to be trampled and eaten by a giant wild boar so as you can see I kind of have a previous engagement, thanks though.” Replied Vasos sarcastically readying his sword to face the boar. 
“Maybe, but if you’re going to be devoured do you mind doing it quietly because that would interfere with drinking so be a nice fellow would you? 
I’d rather not have my drinking messed with so I’ll have to take a pass on the whole crazy boar fighting if you don’t mind.” 
“Tell that to him.” Said Vasos changing his sword into an axe as he nodded toward the boar. 
Responding to the threat the walls of the city flooded with soldiers ready to defend Olympia but unwilling to go past that as they watched the strange scene unfold. 
Seeing the soldiers rallying Christos brought the boar to a sliding stop a few dozen feet from Vasos and the young man. 
“They will not save you Vasos.” Smiled Christos pointing at the soldiers on the wall who were still waiting to see what was going to happen. 
“I don’t need them to save me Christos. If anything you need help, but if you surrender now we will allow you to live.” Vasos stated proudly hoping Christos didn’t focus too much on his so called support. 
“You must be completely deluded Vasos, did a bird strike you in the head while you were riding the fox, which by the way seems to have run off to chase some sticks or something. We both know that without the fox you are a dead man, you don’t stand a chance against the boar let alone me with it.” He cackled positive he would be victorious. 
“Listen fellas I don’t mean to be rude but I’m going to be trying to take a nap here and you’re being really loud, so if you could move your little stand-off death duel thing somewhere else I would really appreciate it.” Yawned the young man with his eyes closed still as he waved his hand to shoo them away. 
“Who the hell are you?” Questioned Christos annoyed by the man. 
“By the gods can’t a man take a nap without someone bothering him? Go away you little pimple, before I…” He paused in the middle of the sentence to yawn. “…Sander, the son of Dionysus smites you.” 
“You’re a demigod?” Questioned Christos incredulously. 
Sander however had already fallen asleep once again ignoring the two of them. 
Laughing uncontrollably Christos looked back at Vasos who was holding the bridge of his nose while shaking his head slightly. “This is your help? Really? This is who the gods sent to aid you? If this isn’t proof that the gods hate you now I don’t know what is?” 
“Yes well, ahem.” Vasos said clearing his throat. “Don’t underestimate him the way you do everyone else, he is much more powerful than he looks.” Said Vasos with half confidence. 
Raising an eyebrow at the demigod again a slow smile crept across Christos’ face as he concentrated for a moment swiftly sending a bolt of lightning at Sander from the clear blue sky that was so powerful it shocked him with such force that he flew fifteen feet backwards in the air. 
Closing his eyes with a disgusted look Vasos frowned at the attack. “Attacking a man while he’s asleep? That’s a new low even for you Christos.” 
“Just making a point Vasos, no demigod is more powerful than I am, I am the son of Zeus! Besides now you’ve got a good preview of what’s about to happen to you.” He replied evilly rubbing his hands together. 
Without warning the boar all of a sudden reared up shaking its head over and over as if it was confused at what was going on. Then in one fluid motion the boar squeaked weakly before falling over onto its side dead asleep. 
Stunned Vasos looked around expecting to see one of the gods but instead found Sander stumbling towards them. “I could’ve forgiven the fact that you woke me up, I could’ve forgiven my grapes being destroyed and I could’ve even forgiven the fact that you tried to kill me but making me lose my flask, that’s where I draw the line!” 
“You?! You did this?!” Questioned Christos hastily getting to his feet after falling off the boar during its roll scarcely able to believe what had just happened. 
“Of course I did it and now it’s your turn, so buckle up Sparky it’s going to be a bumpy ride.” Sander smiled. 
Christos raised his sword to fight him but instead of drawing a sword himself Sander focused on him with his hand outstretched. In response to his focused command and movement something stirred beneath them until erupting from the ground silently dozens of grape vines wrapped around Christos locking him in place. 
“Release me!” Yelled Christos struggling against the vines as he tried to get free. 
“Oh relax you big baby, you know what your problem is? You need to get drunk and have some fun.” Sander countered sure he knew what the problem was. 
“And a woman, and new personality, and looks, oh, oh and better body odor. If you were a totally different person it’d be great!” Added Vasos thoroughly enjoying Christos plight. 
Their answer however came in the form of the wind picking up so strongly and so quickly it nearly carried them both away, to make matters worse the gust was followed closely by lightning striking Christos over and over that not only began to fry the vines nearly releasing him in a matter of seconds but also ricocheted the extra electricity everywhere. 
Struggling against the wind Sander surprised Vasos as instead of retreating he crawled his way towards Christos who was floating a few feet above the ground glowing with power and lost in the rapture of what he was doing, now completely free of the vines.  
After what seemed to be an eternity Sander finally reached the ground just beneath and a little behind Christos, with a deep breath he once again closed his eyes concentrating as hard as he could. At first it seemed like nothing was going to happen until finally, slowly two thick vines exploded from the ground lifting him up until he was right behind Christos who was oblivious to his presence still lost in the power he had summoned. 
Determined Sander reached out grabbing Christos’ head from behind focusing his power to overcome Christos’ free will. Desperately Christos fought against the power but in the end his eyes glazed over as Sander overcame his free will forcing him to feel completely drunk and happy. 
With that as quickly as it started the storm stopped while Sander lowered them both to the ground, moments later the two of them awkwardly walked towards the city gates. Meeting Vasos along the way. 
“Impressive.” Said Vasos grudgingly walking up to Sander who had suddenly stopped and was franticly searching in the sand for his flask. 
“What’s that? Oh yeah, no problem glad to save your life and the day or whatever but if you really want to thank me though do me a favor and help me look for my flask.” He answered searching the ground even more frantically. 
With a sigh Vasos headed over to a nook in the tree Sander was near while lying on his hammock. “It’s right here, I saw it fly in here when he blasted you. But what’s so special about this thing anyway?” 
“Oh thank you.” He yelled running over and snatching the flask from his hand. “It was a gift from my father, it refills with wine automatically and it’s indestructible and since you found it I absolve you of your debt to me.” 
“Useful…wait, what?” He questioned confused. “Wait a minute what do you mean in your debt?” 
“You know, how I saved your life and all? But like I said you don’t have to worry about it, we are completely even for you recovering my flask, isn’t that wonderful? I know it’s not a fair trade because my flask is way more valuable than your life but there’s no way am I going to be in your debt.” Sander explained with a wink. 
“More valuable than my life?” Vasos said in disbelief. “How do you figure that?” 
“Did I mention that it fills with any liquor I choose from around the world?” Sander questioned happily. 
“So what?” Vasos questioned slightly annoyed. 
“Can you fill with wine or liquor?” Sander posed. 
“I suppose I could if I drank enough.” Vasos laughed thinking about it. 
“Hmmm, I suppose you’re right, although no one can drink you. Not that anyone would really want to, the thought of trying something like that is just repugnant!” Sander said drinking deeply from his flask. “Then again, if we are talking about cannibals I suppose they would love to do something like that. Although that is a very specific cliental and not really helpful because let’s face it after one night of partying that’s it, you’re empty and it’s not like you are going to fill up again so what’s the point? Plus they are restricted to having whatever it is that you drank so again that’s just unfair to any serious drinker.”   
“I guess that’s a matter of opinion really…wait a minute…how did you even draw me into this stupid conversation?” Vasos questioned truly baffled at the thought. 
“Call it a gift.” Sander said with a smile and wink. 
“So anyway, moving on. I’m Vasos, son of Aphrodite and descendant of 
Hercules. The gods told me you were meant to help me on two quests.”  
“Yeah? I do believe I remember my father coming to me and saying something like that before we both passed out. I don’t know the details though I was pretty drunk, or were we hung over?” Sander mused focusing more on the state he was in then the message he received. “Somehow that doesn’t surprise me, but don’t worry I’ll explain along the way, for now though let’s get into the city and get some supplies, because we’ve got a long journey ahead of us.” Vasos yawned just realizing how tired he was now. 
“My thanks to you Sander.” Came a new and playful voice. “You have no idea how upset I was when Ares forced one of my creatures to chase after a demigod, and I mean no offense to either of you but the children of the gods are not known for their kindness to the animals of the wild.” 
The two young men turned swiftly to find Pan the god of the wild, stroking the side of the boar as it began to wake up, and quickly both of them dropped to one knee in reverence. 
“Lord Pan, to what do we owe this honor?” Questioned Vasos reverently. 
“Please stand my young heroes, I do not need you to kneel before me. The other gods may demand such respect, I however do not. I have plenty of Satyrs that are required to do such things, I require no more than all of my disciples’ of the wild. But to tell you why I am here, that is simple. I wish to reward you for the gentle treatment of my boar.” Pan smiled. “After all you two could have hurt him instead of putting him to sleep.” “Thank you Pan.” Smiled Vasos eagerly. 
With a mighty grunt the boar got to its feet bowing to Pan for a moment before running back into the far off forest with a slight glow around it. 
“What gift are you giving us?” Questioned Sander happily. 
“I will give you aid on the way to Mantinea, tomorrow when you leave the city head south into the forest, there you will find one of my creatures of the wild that will speed you on your journey.” 
“You are too kind Lord Pan we will be in your debt.” Stated Vasos bowing again despite what Pan had said earlier. 
“Think nothing of it. But beware, Ares has not forgotten or forgiven what happened between you and his child despite Zeus’ decree, and many of the other gods Norse and Greek, have taken a great interest in both of you and the Norse demigods on the quest.” 
“Great just what we need, a bunch of all powerful beings intent on watching us, in my experience when the gods watch they also interfere.” Sighed Sander drowning himself in other swig. “Although that helps.” 
“So it is with the gods, just beware and be careful, things around you will not always be as they seem.” Pan replied dissolving into the ground. 
“Cheerful.” Smiled Sander clearly buzzed. “Well I know I’m feeling better already.” 
“Shocking, anyway what would a quest be without a few fun challenges to the death by all powerful family members?” Vasos questioned with a smile. 
“A good day.” Sander replied with a hiccup. 
“No matter what the challenges that face us, we will have as many great days ahead as we would miserable ones my friend, trust me on that. Now let’s go get those supplies and some rest, for tomorrow we are in the hands of the fates.” Smiled Vasos lackadaisically as he grabbed the flask and took a quick drink before tossing it back to Sander. 
 
Chapter 10 
 
Already the trio had been on the road for a week and Kol was seriously beginning to get bored and disappointed, they hadn’t run into any monsters or threats. No one had even tried to rob them or attack them during the journey. Instead Bjorn had filled their days with training them in all the combat arts he knew, each day they drilled everything they had learned over and over again spending at least eight hours of the day doing it, the moves were complicated and impossibly perfect pushing them to their limits in multiple ways.  
Kol had never seen some of the moves he taught them and Bjorn even taught them how to fight blindfolded. They learned how to track, hunt and how to smell their enemy coming and hear arrows or daggers flying through the air. 
Thankfully Kol took to the training like a fish to water but Hagar struggled with almost everything they attempted to learn. It took him double the time and effort to learn things that took Kol one try. As a result a rift had begun to grow between them from the praise that Kol constantly received. Bjorn never played favorites and had assured them that he had to judge them differently because Kol was a demigod and that gave him an unfair advantage, he also explained that because of his lineage it was much simpler for Kol to absorb the training and that Hagar was picking up the exercises faster than any human his age would have, but it didn’t seem to help his animosity towards Kol. 
One afternoon when training exercises had finished Kol and Hagar were walking back to their camp when Hagar just stopped in his tracks with his head down giving Kol the feeling something bad was about to happen between them. 
Pushing aside the feeling he took a deep breath. “What’s wrong?”  
“Why?” Huffed Hagar. 
“Because you stopped and you look like something’s wrong, that’s why.” He said flatly at the tone in his voice. 
“No, I mean why do you always have to show me up?” Hagar said gritting his teeth. 
“Show you up?” He asked confused at what he said. 
“Everything we train on you always have to outperform me.” He snapped balling his fists. 
“I’m not trying to outperform you. I just do what I do, that’s all. I’m not competing with you, all I want to do is learn and whenever I take something on it’s to the best I can do so I can make sure to never be a victim again. If you’re feeling inadequate that’s your problem not mine.” Kol snapped back balling his own fists without knowing it. 
“He’s my father not yours!” Hagar yelled stomping over to stand face to face with Kol. 
“So what!? I don’t want your damn father! I have one of my own, but he is my master for the moment and I won’t apologize for that, now get out of my face before I make you!” He yelled back. 
“Yeah Loki, there’s a great role model.” He retorted pushing Kol a little. 
“Loki is a god show some respect mortal! And at least I had a father to begin with, I didn’t have to beg for one like you.” Shouted Kol pushing him so hard Hagar lost his balance tripping backwards. 
Flowing with the motion Hagar’s training kicked in sending him into performing a back hand spring, a move at the end of which landed him on his feet with his sword drawn and ready to fight. 
“Put it down Hagar it’s not worth you getting beat and losing what little confidence you have.” Said Kol eyeing him and the weapon. 
“I’m not afraid of you Kol!” He screamed wildly as he trembled with anger. 
“I never said you were Hagar but we both know that you are, now put away your sword.” He replied evenly changing demeanor. 
“Draw yours.” Hagar said taking a deep breath. 
“Isn’t this a surreal little scene to happen upon?” Smiled Bjorn walking up to them but keeping a little distance. “Now why would my two apprentices be at each other’s throats?” 
“I’ll let Hagar field that one he’s the one with the problem.” Sneered Kol without taking his eyes off of him. 
Staring daggers at Kol, Hagar remained silent for a moment while Bjorn simply stared at him expectantly. 
“Well?” Demanded Bjorn. 
“I feel that Kol is purposely trying to outperform me in order to gain your affections, furthermore, I believe he is doing this because he craved a new father because he is ashamed of his own.” Growled Hagar. “And I will not have him steal this family!” 
“Hog wash! He’s just pissed off because he can’t stand the fact that he’s second best, I may not like some of the things my father has done but he is my father none the less, I claim him now and always will and I’ll tell you why. I claim him because when I become the greatest hero Asgard and Midgard has ever seen they will know that it was done by the son of Loki! I am not bound to his evil nor are my siblings and finally everyone will know to judge us individually.” Kol proclaimed proudly. 
Staring at the two of them for a moment Bjorn said nothing at first, then finally he walked up to Hagar placing his hands on his shoulders. 
“Understand Hagar, I have chosen you as my son, not Kol, and aside from that he does not desire a new father were I to even offer. To me he is an apt student and one day I hope a good friend to us both, you on the other hand will one day come to my home and I will teach you everything about myself and your new family. Understand that you have already made me proud and continue to do so every single day.” 
“What?” Questioned Hagar in disbelief. 
“Yes you heard correctly, you make me proud my son and you have a family now. One that is larger than you could ever possibly imagine and for better or worse every member of that family deserves your respect. Remember that when you meet them.” Smiled Bjorn giving him a hug. 
“Is not all of our family like you father?” Hagar wondered hugging him tightly. 
“No family is perfect my son, every family has their problem members, but no matter what, they are family and right now so is Kol.” He answered looking him in the eye. 
Awkwardly Kol fidgeted for a moment unsure how to handle being around the situation and having never had that kind of family love he felt very uncomfortable like a trespasser. 
“I’m going to head back to camp and let you two finish talking.” He said finally breaking the silence. 
“If you wouldn’t mind Kol would you take to the hunt instead? I think we are all in need of a grand meal, in the meanwhile we’ll head to the stream and spend some quality time fishing as father and son.” Said Bjorn staring at him with a look that told him it was not up for debate. 
“I’ll find us a meal fit for a king.” Smiled Kol running off into the denser part of the forest more to get away than because he was eager to hunt. 
Slowing to a trot after a few minutes Kol surveyed his surroundings looking for any signs of animals, but at first he found nothing until after a few minutes he spotted the tracks of some deer heading away from him. Getting his bow and arrow ready Kol closed his eyes reaching out with all of his senses, taking in a deep breath he sniffed the breeze picking up the faint scent of his prey not far off. 
Quietly he stalked through the heavy brush at the base of the trees scattered everywhere around him. “There’s got to be a better way to do this.” He thought looking around. 
Zeroing in on the thick tree branches high above Kol smiled for a second before he climbed up them quickly. Finally with his new vantage point he spotted the deer grazing far off in the distance, with amazing grace he bounded from branch to branch through the forest until in utter silence he landed in a tree directly above the deer. 
With perfect skill he targeted the largest buck in the herd, letting his arrow fly the arrow found its mark as it pierced the heart killing it instantly sparing it any pain. As the herd scattered in fear Kol jumped down from the high branches with glee at the meal he would enjoy later until he reached the ground to find that his kill was already gone somehow. 
Confused he slowly walked to the spot where the deer died inspecting the ground for a moment before looking around. 
“How is this possible?” He questioned aloud to himself. 
“Whom do you speak to young man?” Came a beautiful sing song voice from behind him. 
With amazing speed Kol rolled forward turning in the middle of the movement to come up facing the stranger with his bow drawn and arrow ready, but the moment he saw the young woman he lowered his weapon staring at her in awe with his jaw dropped. 
Before him stood a young beautiful woman with pale and striking skin which was milky white and perfectly fair. Her eyes were shimmering green and her hair was ash blonde which hung down to her waist on her perfect figure. But the jaw dropping thing that froze Kol in place was the fact that the only things that covered her private parts were leaves. 
“I take it from your silence that I am pleasing to your eyes?” She questioned innocently as she blushed a bit. 
“Wood spirit?” He asked returning to his senses. 
With a giggle she slightly covered her mouth. “No, but pray tell me is that all you have to say to me?” 
“Forgive me miss, my name is Kol. And yes you are very pleasing to the eye, and I was wondering then if you are not a wood spirit then are you a water spirit per chance?” 
“No, I am just a wayward soul looking for companionship, would your favor me with your company for a bit perhaps?” She questioned innocently. 
“I see.” He said suddenly on guard again. “Tell me fair lady how is it you came to be in your current….predicament?” 
“Tis a long story stranger and a sad one at that, do you have time for me to bend your ear so that you may hear it?” She said batting her eyes flirtatiously. 
“Actually…I must find my kill and return to my comrades at once, I am on a very important quest that I must complete and if I am gone too long they will come looking for me. If you so wish though you can keep me company and relay your story along the way.” Kol explained looking for any sign of the kill again. 
“If only to spend more time with you.” She smiled. “That is what I shall do, tis such a shame though because I would treat you like a king if you were to stay with me instead of making some silly quest your priority.” 
“I am sorry but that is the way that it must be, so will you then walk with me miss…?” Kol wondered getting to his feet ready to track. 
“Lathea.” She smiled sweetly. 
“Pleased to meet you Lathea now tell me your story if you will.” Kol urged. “And I was also wondering if maybe you would like my jacket while we walk?” 
“No thank you, I am quite accustom to the weather in my current…outfit. Anyway let me begin my story, I guess the beginning would be when I was still a small child…” She began as they slowly walked together. “My father and mother were wonderful parents, I want you to understand that before I go any further. No matter what you hear during this story don’t judge them harshly, please promise me that.” She said turning him to face her. 
“I promise.” He assured her halfheartedly not really caring what happened either way. 
“Thank you, I am sorry for my passion on the subject but many people over the years have misjudged my parents for the choices they made and no matter what they have done they are still my parents and I love them and will not hear anyone speak ill of them.” She explained a little more. 
“Believe me I understand better than you know.” He muttered beginning to walk again through the forest hardly looking for the deer as he focused more on her words without knowing it. 
“I’m glad, so to continue my story. My family and I lived in the most perfect place in all the world, every kind of fruit tree was there and the rivers and pools were the clearest and most refreshing you could ever let touch your lips. All the animals of the world wondered through the garden without fighting one another and no matter which one it was you could stroll right up to it and pet it without fear. It was paradise and life was utterly prefect, anyway, I was very young and one day my siblings and I went playing in a puddle in the garden, my mother had told us to not get dirty but being children we of course disregarded what she had said. As the hours past during our games mother finally found us, to her horror we were covered in mud like it was a second skin, unfortunately our grandfather was coming to visit and my mother worried he would be upset at the state we were in.” She paused to look at him. 
Looking up from the trail Kol smiled at her reassuringly. “Please continue 
I am listening.” 
“So anyway, my mother frantically took us down to the river and began to bathe us as quickly as she could. She would have succeeded but for a few of us naughty children, we ran far away playing hide and seek and before she could find us my grandfather showed up calling out for my family to meet him. Panicky my mother told those of us that were still dirty to stay hidden from him, feeling the fear of him ourselves we did as we were told. As they talked he asked her where the rest of her children were, unwisely she lied to him saying that this was all of her children. He eyed her for a bit waiting for her to tell the truth but she did not fold under his gaze, so with a deep breath he said unto her. “So be it, as you have said it, so shall it be! From this moment on let anything that has tried to hide shall hence forth remain hidden.” At that moment myself and four of my siblings disappeared from our home and were cast to different forests in the world and since that time I have endured in this place.” 
“A sad tale, my heart cries for you my lady. May I ask why you never tried to return home?” He questioned getting lost in her beautiful eyes and the story for a moment. 
“Alas, shortly after we were cursed so were the rest of my family. You must understand that the place we lived was provided by my grandfather, he said it was ours to do with as we pleased except for one rule. My parents broke the one rule and lost our home forever while at the same time cursing the rest of the family.” 
“I am so sorry to hear that, after they themselves got cursed were you reunited with your loved ones?” He asked while staring at her lips for a moment before shaking his head to clear the fog. 
“No they would not accept us, as such, I have been alone for a very long time now. It’s horrible to be so lonely, I just want someone I can love and spoil. Is that too much to ask?” She wept. 
“Not at all.” He smiled stepping a bit closer to her feeling like he should comfort her in some way but not sure what to do. 
“You are too sweet. It’s unfortunate that you must return to your friends, if you stayed with me I could make you happy, I’m sure of it. Must you really leave?” She wondered teary eyed. 
“I…?” He said just above a whispered shaking his head slightly. “No…I can stay a while, where shall we go?” He said dreamily. 
“I’d like to show you my home and when we get there I can give you a reason to stay with me...forever” She whispered in his ear rubbing her body against his slightly. 
“I…I can’t wait, please take me there.” He said happily as if nothing in the world existed except for her at that moment. 
Chapter 11 
 
Waking the dead would have probably been easier than getting Sander out of bed at the break of dawn, so far, Vasos had tried clapping near his ear, yelling in it, even hitting the swords together while screaming for help, still Sander snored there peacefully in the hay of the barn they had slept in for the night like nothing else in the world mattered. Finally he figured drastic measures were called for, so picking him up Vasos carried him back in to town where the main square was located and was adorned with a huge fountain that stood shooting out water at even this time of night. 
With a smile and a good throw he tossed Sander into the water head first. 
With speed that defied description Sander hopped up out of the water. “Curse you and the ground you walk on!” He yelled hopping around like the movement would somehow get him warm. 
Laughing so hard that his sides began to hurt Vasos tried to catch his breath at the sight of his dripping friend’s drying dance. “That was definitely worth carrying you all the way out here.” Vasos gasped between laughs. 
“Hilarious, you know you could have just gently tapped me on the shoulder I’m really a very light sleeper.” He complained shaking his arms around. 
“I tried, I tried damn near everything to wake you up, in so much that for a minute I thought that Hypnos himself had put you to sleep.” He joked. “Doubtful, I don’t sleep that deeply.” He said with a giant yawn. 
“You do when you’re drunk, now come on we’re already running behind.” He said shortly. 
“What’s the hurry it’s not like Rhodes won’t be there if we don’t leave right now.” Sander said a little irritated at the push to move as he fumbled at the lid to his flask. 
“Maybe not, but I wanna get out of here before Ares sends something or someone else after us…again.” Vasos said deflating from his anger a little. 
“Wait, what? Why would Ares be sending anything after us? I thought this quest was given to us by Zeus himself, why would he interfere?” Sander questioned in between drinks. 
“He’s a little angry at me for killing his son that’s all.” He sighed walking back towards the barn with a shrug like it was no big deal. 
“You did what?!” Questioned Sander as if he heard wrong struggling to catch up. 
“I avenged myself that’s all, his son deserved what he got!” He snapped angry at the thought of being questioned. 
“And I get to deal with the consequences?! Are you serious right now?” Sander hollered matching his tone. 
“By all means if you don’t want to deal with my little problem run along with your little flask and brave the wrath of the gods.” He stated emphatically while walking away from him. 
“I really don’t like you, just so you know.” Sighed Sander following slowly behind him while taking longer and longer drinks from his flask. 
Without turning back towards him Vasos answered with a smug look he couldn’t see. “Must you always be drunk?” 
“My father’s the god of wine what did you expect, a sober working class man or soldier? What did you do before this quest? Barkeep? Town fool maybe?” Sander questioned happily. 
“I was training to be a soldier in Sparta and what I expected of you was a fighter.” He answered flatly. 
“A fighter huh? So correct me if I’m wrong but didn’t I save your Spartan butt yesterday?” He smirked. 
Stopping to face him Vasos just stared for a moment sizing him up again. “Fair enough.” He smiled. 
“That’s right.” Smiled Sander clearly pleased with himself until he fell backward while taking a large celebratory drink. 
With a laugh Vasos began to help him to his feet. “Truly the gods have blessed me with some wonderful help.” He said sarcastically. 
“Yeah, yeah, so where are we headed to first again hero I already forgot?” Sander questioned dusting himself off. 
“We must travel to Rhodes, once there I will fight Chrysaor and complete my quest. I will need you to handle his pirates while I do this. But there are many places we will have to stop on our journey the first will be Mantinea.” 
“Our first quest is to take on the son of Medusa and Poseidon? I have to say it’ll be a little tough to take care of his pirates if I’m stone.” Sander pointed out. 
“First off relax and have another drink to calm your nerves, secondly, he doesn’t have the power to turn people to stone.” Vasos explained picking up the pace. 
“Well that’s a relief.” Said Sander trying to match his speed. 
After a moment of silence Vasos said begrudgingly. “He’s just nine feet tall and has power over the water and people say his face is so disfigured that the shock of seeing it holds you in fear. That’s all.” 
“Oh is that all?” He questioned rhetorically. 
“That’s it, besides what are you worried about? You’re not the one facing him I am, remember?” He questioned quickly to put things back into perspective before Sanders’ nerves got the best of him. 
“And when you fall to him I’ll be left trying to save your bacon again. Or did you not think of that? There is a reason that the gods send people in groups on these things you know, don’t tell me you are one of those guys that are all brawn and no brain.” 
“Please, like you’re that good, now come on let’s get our bags out of here and head to the forest.” He retorted without answering the question. 
Quickly the two of them entered the barn ready grab all of their things and leave but to their surprise they found all of their things thrown all over the place and their bags hanging from the ceiling of barn in disarray. 
Looking from their things to each other Sander simply stated. “Huh, didn’t see that coming.” 
“Welcome to the world of the weird.” Added Vasos beginning to pick up the scattered things. 
“That’s it? You’re not wondering what the heck is going on?” Sander said flopping down on the ground like a pouting child. 
“Of course I’m wondering what happened here but what else can we do? 
We have a quest to complete and I’m not about to launch a full investigation into this when we have a quest to get back to.” He reasoned as he continued picking things up. 
“Fine, is anything missing?” Asked Sander clearly annoyed at the situation. 
“Not that I can tell.” 
Vasos bent over picking up some more things when from nowhere his bag fell from the ceiling landing on his head covering his vision in darkness for a moment. Grabbing at the bag, suddenly he found himself falling forward from a hard kick to his butt. Barely keeping his balance Vasos pulled his head free from the bag and turned fiercely as he stomped towards Sander who was laughing at him uncontrollably. 
“Are you suicidal?” He yelled point blank in his face while grabbing his shirt. “Putting the bag on my head is one thing but kicking me in the rear afterwards, that’s the nail in the coffin for you buddy.” 
Putting his hands up defensively while still laughing Sander struggled to keep a straight face. “Whoa big fella, I didn’t do any of that, I swear that I don’t know what you are talking about.” 
“Yeah right, someone just magically came in and did it right?” Vasos said releasing him with a slight push. 
“How should I know? Maybe you’re just a klutz.” Sander shrugged laughing a little again. 
Without warning in the middle of the argument another bag fell from the ceiling on top of Sanders head but instead of being empty the whole thing was filled with raw eggs, covering him from head to toe in their messy goo. 
“Nice.” Laughed Vasos. “Now that is poetic justice.” 
Pulling off the bag Sander just stared at Vasos through the egg dripping down his face boiling with anger. “You have got to be joking with me.” “I don’t know how that happened but man that was classic.” Vasos smiled attempting to hold back laughter of his own. 
“You’re a jerk.” Sander huffed as he wiped the egg off of himself. 
“Maybe chicken boy but I’m a jerk without egg covering me. Now, cluck your way over to the rest of the stuff on the floor and let’s get going.” He laughed returning to picking things up. 
“What? You’re still not curious about what is going on here? Two bags fall on us and you are going to ignore it?” He questioned downing another drink. 
“Of course I am, but like I said we need to get moving, once were on the road it won’t matter what happened.” He sighed trying to avoid a fight. 
“Gods you’re so damn annoying.” Sander spat in his direction before picking up some stuff. 
“Whatever, now get going.” Vasos barked back at him beginning to lose patience. 
A few short minutes later the two of them were done gathering their things and were ready to get back on the road. 
“We’ll stop at the fountain on the way out of town so you can clean up.” Vasos snickered walking towards the door. 
Sander just snorted in response until Vasos ran face first into the door when it wouldn’t open. 
“Now that was classic.” Laughed Sander slapping him on the back. 
“Hope it’s still funny when you’re holding your broken nose.” Vasos warned. 
“Oh it’s okay to laugh at me when something happens but Mr. 
Personality here has a problem when the shoes on the other foot.” Sander frowned staring him in the eye. 
“Okay, okay, point taken let’s just get this door open and get going before anything else happens.” He groaned rubbing his head. 
“I can make some vines grow and pull the door apart I suppose.” Suggested Sander with a nod in the doors direction. 
“That could work, or I could just use my axe.” Vasos suggested. 
“Either way I don’t care which one we do, just let me know when you decide.” He yawned having already lost interest. 
“Wait what’s that sound?” Questioned Vasos placing his ear to the barn door for a moment. 
“The sound of time slipping away from us maybe?” He answered sarcastically. 
“Funny, no it almost sounds like…” Vasos trailed off. 
Without finishing his sentence Vasos turned grabbing Sander and pulling him forcefully to the back of the barn at a run until they reach a ladder leading to the loft. 
“Quickly get up the ladder!” He yelled at Sander half pushing him up. 
Climbing as quickly as he could with Vasos close behind he questioned 
“What’s wrong? What did you hear?” 
“It sounded like…” Vasos began but before he could finish the front of the barn exploded as a stampede of cattle burst through it at full speed. Hastily Vasos leapt and grabbed the bottom board of the loft just as the cows destroyed the ladder he was climbing leaving him dangling in the air hanging from the edge just above the stampeding herd. 
“Hang on!” Shouted Sander over the noise of the stampede as he reached out for him. 
Unable to grab his hand immediately vines sprouted from his arms wrapping around Vasos’ arm securing that he would not fall while at the same moment vines shot from Sander’s back wrapping around the high beams of the ceiling instantly beginning to pull them both to safety. 
Flopping on the floor of the loft as he gasped for air from the excitement 
Sander stared at Vasos. “Still not interested in what’s going on here?” 
Vasos turned his head towards Sander to answer but instead of answering he stared past him with a gaping mouth. 
“What?” Questioned Sander confused. 
Pointing to the corner Vasos remained silent staring intently with his mouth gaping open. 
Turning to look at the corner Sander followed his gaze until his mouth dropped in surprise as well when he found a creature known as a kobaloi sitting in the corner of the ceiling laughing uncontrollably, this kobaloi like most was an ugly little creatures that was a foot tall with an almond shaped head, long pointed ears, yellow eyes, jagged teeth and a beak shaped nose. Its long arms and legs had claw like hands perfect for tearing things apart and climbing pretty much everything in sight, their long tails were hard and they loved using them as a whip. The worse thing about them though was that they were the pranksters of the Greek world causing mischief to anyone and anything they met. 
“La,la,la. I wrote a song would you care to hear it?” The creature questioned in its shrill voice while rocking back and forth and holding its feet. 
“There’s your answer to what’s been going on Sander.” Sighed Vasos getting to his feet and dusting himself off. 
“Here are two little men from Olympians, who wanted to get to the forest, what a joke, the cows almost made them croak. Now they’re acting like women crying.” It sang looking down at them. 
“Let’s get out of here, just ignore the little creep.” Decided Vasos jumping down from the loft. 
Lowering himself gingerly to the ground with a few vines Sander never took his eyes off of the kobaloi which simply stayed in the corner smiling at them. 
“What about the kobaloi?” Sander questioned noting that Vasos was just acting like nothing had happened despite their near death experience. 
“Like I said, ignore it, they thrive off of people reacting to the jokes they play, it is best if we just get out of here as quickly as possible.” Vasos explained as he grabbed their trampled bags and headed out of the broken door. 
Sander took the hint and began jogging to catch up with Vasos who had already headed out but before he could get out of the barn himself the kobaloi appeared in front of him with ten others blocking the way. 
“You know we don’t like being ignored.” The head kobaloi smiled evilly walking towards Sander. 
“Hey who does? And you know what I think? I think you should go and find the guy I was with and teach him a good lesson for doing it.” Sander smiled happily shaking his finger at them for a second. “How about a little wine before you chase after him?” He questioned taking a drink himself. 
“Why play chase and go after him when we have you to play with instead right here?” The kobaloi questioned waving off the wine. 
“Because you are good little pranksters who will do what’s right?” He questioned hopefully. 
“Mmmm, I don’t think so.” It laughed nodding towards the others to advance. 
“Be still.” Came Vasos’ insistent voice like a shockwave over them all. 
Sander’s brow furrowed for a moment at the sound, and it was Vasos’ voice without a doubt but it was somehow different. There was some kind of a charge in it that filled and vibrated the air when he spoke, Sander could tell that the kobaloi were feeling it too as they turned slowly and dreamily to stare at Vasos. 
“We are all friends here aren’t we?” Vasos questioned intently. 
Nodding their heads slowly in agreement the creatures stared calmly at him, eagerly waiting for his next words, likewise without realizing it 
Sander was already nodding along with them. Shaking his head to try and clear the fog he stared blankly at Vasos who motioned for only him to join him outside of the barn. With a deep breath he slowly walked past the kobaloi until he stood by Vasos who was slowly backing out of the barn. 
“All of you are frozen in place aren’t you?” He said as his voice became even deeper and more magical. 
After a few more steps Vasos noticed that Sander wasn’t moving either, so with a sigh he leaned over whispering in his ear. 
“Snap out of it Sander, my siren call won’t hold them forever.” He said insistently in his ear. 
With a distant look in his eyes Sander just stared blankly for a moment at Vasos. “What?” 
Whispering again in his ear Vasos charged his voice. “Wake!” 
Sander instantly blinked his eyes for a moment in confusion before looking at Vasos slightly confused. “What happened? What did you do to me?” 
“I’ll tell you later we have to get out of here before they wake up on their own.” Vasos explained. 
“How long will your little trick last?” He questioned backing away again while staring at the creatures. 
“I’m not sure, it depends on the strength of their will power, let’s just make sure we’re gone before they do.” Vasos warned. 
Finally out of sight the two of them began running as fast as their feet would carry them hoping to put as much distance between themselves and the city as they could, until after a few minutes they had cleared the town and were heading across the small field to the forest thinking that they were safe when suddenly they heard the sound of little creatures shrieking in delight at the sight of them. 
Risking a glance backwards Sander could see at least forty kobaloi running full speed after them and gaining ground. 
“We’re not going to make it to the forest in time.” Sander stated frantically coming to an abrupt stop. 
“Are you insane let’s get out of here?!” Vasos yelled edging him on. 
“No, it’s time for my little trick.” He wheezed out of breath. 
The kobaloi got closer with every second as Sander and Vasos just watched making Vasos feel on completely on edge as he waited for Sander to do something. 
“Whatever you’re going to do now would be the time.” Vasos said drawing his sword and changing it into an axe. 
Without answering Sander stared keenly at the creatures, until unexpectedly the entire group of creatures came to a halt a few feet from the two men and for a moment everything was completely silent as Sander stared into their eyes and they into his. 
The quiet standoff lasted a minute longer before abruptly the kobaloi burst into dance completely ignoring Vasos and Sander as they were caught in the rapture of what they were feeling. 
“That was a nice trick.” Smiled Vasos patting him on the back. 
“Yeah well like yours it won’t last forever, let’s get moving while we still can.” Sander added running again into the night with Vasos close behind. 
 
Chapter 12 
 
Together Kol and Lathea walked back until they reached the spot where they first met, then turning towards Kol she wrapped her arms around him hugging him tightly. 
“Welcome to my home lover.” She said softly as she pulled him underground with her. 
On some level Kol knew he shouldn’t be here and although every inch of his body screamed at him to shut up and go with whatever she wanted a good part of his mind fought the feeling reminding him that he had to get back to his quest, and that this whatever it was, wasn’t right. 
“I…I can’t stay long.” He finally managed as she led him down a dank narrow corridor dimly lit by the faint glow of strange plants that jutted from the earth here and there. 
“You can stay forever lover, here you would never age, never get sick and be free of the troubles of the mortal world.” Lathea replied sweetly kissing his lips. 
“Why do you keep calling me lover? We aren’t lovers.” He questioned dreamily unsure why he even questioned what was happening. “But…you know…” He began slowly. “I can stay forever.” He repeated in a trance following her deeper into the tunnel. 
After a few minutes Kol could see a warm glow, obviously coming from a large room at the end of the tunnel they were walking. 
“Welcome to our home.” She said leading the way into the large room. 
The cave was huge with the vaulted ceiling looming over head which was made from the earth itself, but was carved with images of the garden she had spoken of. The dirt walls were covered in beautiful life like paintings that seemed to be alive and moving each telling wonderful stories. In the corner a warm and peaceful fire was roaring in the corner of the room and was the source of the light he had noticed earlier. Also, filling in the massive space was a large and comfortable looking bed with black sheets and a white comforter, a small table with two chairs and a little brown dresser near a table that had food waiting for them to prepare and enjoy as if she had been expecting him. 
Kol noted with a bit of surprise that the place was completely clean and devoid of any clutter or dirt on top of everything as he looked around. “It’s lovely.” He murmured looking from the room to her. “As are you my lady.” 
“It is nothing compared to you lover believe me.” She smiled leading him to the table. 
“Where are we going?” He questioned staring longingly at the bed. 
“I would like to show you how good a cook your new wife is, allow me to make you the best meal you shall ever have.” She commented pulling out the chair for him. 
“Wife?” He questioned with a frown gain struggling within himself. 
“Of course, we will be married once we make sweet love, bounded forever after that act, but I digress, first let me prepare your meal.” 
“No, I can’t be married I have to get to Greece and become a hero, that is my quest. The gods will reward me with a woman from them I’m sure of it.” He said furrowing his brow as he backed away. 
“No, all you need to do is eat and marry me.” She repeated caressing his face. “There is nothing else in this life for you other than me and our life together.” 
“I have to eat? But the beds right there.” He said insistently as he will for anything but her faded. 
Laughing while she batted her eyes at him she answered sweetly. “All in good time my husband, but first eat with me.” 
Watching her move with untold grace Kol marveled at how swiftly she put together the most amazing meal out of thin air. Wild boar was roasting on a spit over the fire filling his nose with pleasant smells made his mouth water in anticipation, at the same moment she chopped up potatoes, onions, peas, carrots, garlic, beans and rice mixing them together with exotic smelling spices in a large pot that also hung over the fire for the most wonderful soup in the world. Then grabbing a beautiful bottle from the shelf she placed a glass in front of him filling it to the brim. 
“Get out of here now! This isn’t you.” His mind screamed at him but it somehow seemed far off and distant. 
“Something to wet your pellet and sate your hunger a bit until dinner is ready?” She questioned handing him the glass. 
“Sure, what is it?” He responded. 
“Wine from the land of Jotunheim, a gift from the giants who took pity on me after I lost my home.” She smiled lifting it toward his mouth. 
“Jotunheim?” Kol questioned getting to his feet as the fog slightly lifted from his thoughts. “You are friends with the frost giants?” 
“I wouldn’t think that would be a problem for a son of Loki.” She smiled innocently as she grabbed his hand. 
“The frost giants are an evil people who have tried to conquer Asgard and Midgard several times. They’ve killed countless innocents and have no care for any other people but themselves.” Kol snapped pulling away even more. 
“Not all of them are bad, I’m sure that you can understand that knowing what it’s like being judged just for being born from Loki and yet here you are a wonderful and good man. You are not held to being like him and they are not all evil simply because they were born frost giants my husband.” She said musically enchanting him again. 
“I am intent on proving myself by being the best hero ever, I have yet to hear of any frost giant performing a good deed.” He answered still fighting her magic. 
“I have seen the deeds myself lover, and you can trust me. Now whereas your dinner has yet to finish cooking, why don’t you and I occupy ourselves in the bed ahead of schedule?” Lathea smiled leading him to the bed while kissing him over and over. 
Laying him down on the bed she began kissing him more insistently while at the same time she shoved her hand down his pants rubbing him until he began moaning from the pleasurable feeling. 
“Wait, stop.” He said pulling her hand out of his pants and sitting up on the bed. 
“Whatever is the matter?” Lathea pouted with her bottom lip trembling. 
“I’m sorry, you are wonderful and beautiful, and I’m sure that someday you will find the right man for you, but alas it is not me. I have things I must do, things I cannot ignore and people I have responsibilities to. If far off one day I’m lucky enough that you are still single then I swear to find you again, though to be clear I do not expect you to wait for me, but if the Norns wish it then I’m sure we will meet again.” He sighed shaking his head unable to believe the words were even coming out of his mouth as he straightened his clothes and got ready to leave. 
Lathea in turn began crying on the bed clearly hurt at the thought of Kol leaving her but for the moment unable to find the words. 
“I’m sorry Lathea I don’t want to hurt you but that is the way of things, I can’t ignore what fate draws me to do.” He said rubbing her back gently in a vain attempt to comfort her. 
“Don’t do this, marry me Kol forget the outside world for it will only bring you misery. Stay with me instead for all eternity in a blissfulness that would compare to the so called gods.” She said staring into his eyes. “I don’t care that you think have to leave out of some moral code, say the word and I would gladly follow you into hell itself if I could be with you, and I will brave any risks that came our way by your side until death claims me, please just marry me.” She vowed changing her tactic to supporting his quest and going with him. 
Looking at her from top to bottom Kol’s body cried out for him to accept her offer in so much that his body began to tremble and his loins throbbed at the thought of her becoming his wife. Thinking about it he couldn’t help but know in his heart that if they were to stay together he would grow to love her, but would it be fair to put her in such danger? Especially when all he was feeling for her right now was pure lust and desire? These questions and so many more flooded into his mind pushing down his lust for a moment and allowing him to think clearly. 
“I can see us falling madly in love and having a wonderful life together one day were we to marry, but that would have to be after my long journey, I would not feel right having you in danger on my account, especially since right now I am simply attracted to your body and not much else.” He explained getting up from the bed and heading back towards the tunnel with all of his strength dividing between edging him forward and staying behind. “I am sorry, I wish things were different but they are not, my heart belongs to another.” 
Swiftly out of nowhere the entrance to the tunnel closed over with rock sealing him in. “You’re not going anywhere Kol! No man, demigod or otherwise leaves one of the Huldra!” She screeched getting to her feet and facing him. 
“The huldra?” He gasped taken aback by the name. 
“How did I not see it? The Huldra were the children of the fabled Adam and Eve cast from the Garden of Eden. Her story fit perfectly, she practically screamed it to me who she was.” He thought as his mind swam 
with what to do next. 
As he watched her face and body twitched until it broke into a violent shake that distorted the entire scene around her and filled the air with a humming sound like a thousand bees were about to explode from her body which would add to the putrid smell that wafted from her now. Kol watched frozen in horror for a moment as her face twisted and became crinkled like an old hag, her eyes which were once beautiful and alluring unexpectedly flushed with darkness, malice and evil which turned them a deep blood red with black lines of lightning jutting through the white of her eye ball. As this happened patches of dirty gray hair sprouted from her cheeks which added to her new troll like features making her look like a totally different creature than she once was. Just when Kol thought the horrid change might be over her body again shook badly making loud cracking sounds as she was forced into a hunch with a hump that formed on the top of her back, with a pained looked she scowled at Kol like everything was his fault but before he could say anything her transformation continued starting at her face which contorted into a sneer as her entire skin changed color to become a sickly gray/green color that made him gag, her once soft dainty hands grew clawed and scaled adorned with deadly finger nails and a tail sprang forth from her lower back swinging back and forth like it had a mind of its own. 
“Like so many others I will have you here for all time, it is a shame that you didn’t just chose to be with me. I thought that finally you might be the one, had you decided to stay with me willingly I would have stayed young and beautiful for all time along with you as my husband, I would have worshiped you, took care of you, cooked and cleaned, loved and fought beside you willingly giving my life for your if necessary. Alas, like all the others that I have had the fortune to meet instead you decided to scorn my affections, selfishly putting your own desires above what we could have been and what I could have done for you. Imagine the hero you could have become being an immortal! Your name would have survive the ages like mine and my families has but instead you will be lost to the sands on time. So it has always been, though it may not always be so because my grandfather though wrathful is also loving and promised that one day I would have what I want.” She finished with a scream towards the ceiling. “Do you hear me grandfather? I will hold you to your promise and eventually I will find someone who won’t say no and then I will return to my family’s home!!!!  
“If one day you will be free by his own…divine words then why imprison those who say no?” Kol questioned with an angry sneer of his own. 
“Because for every affront to my desires, my life that was robbed I will make someone pay! So for now, I guess I’ll have to settle for my little trophies and keep taking out my anger on pathetic creatures like you!” She cackled wildly. 
Backing up against the wall Kol stared at her in revulsion. “How many have you done this too, what others are here still?” 
“Why the other suitors who turned me down are here of course keeping me company for all time.” Smiled Lathea evilly as she pointed to a wall. 
Reluctantly, Kol slowly turned his head to look at the wall where he was taken aback by the sight before his eyes. Slowly he took in every little detail as he stared in astonishment when he saw well over twenty men frozen in complete and utter fear while carefully they were woven into the walls of a large glass room that revealed itself. 
“I didn’t scorn you! I was trying to keep you from harm.” He reasoned looking back at her. “Besides my heart has already been stole by another via the gods themselves, what I feel for her is as uncontrollable the rising of the sun.” 
As a silent answer with extraordinary speed she flew across the room taking him by surprise with a strong grab to his throat, in seconds she had him off the ground looking him in the eyes before throwing him crossways into the small dresser on the other side of the cave shattering it with so much force Kol’s body indented into the wall itself. 
“I don’t care about your reasons!” She screamed destroying everything around her. “Look at me! The creator and subsequent gods know you declined, and they don’t care why! Here I am transformed again!! You could have saved me from this curse once and for all and I would have done anything for you! Anything! But you said no!!!” She screamed releasing a burst of power that electrified him. 
“Your life is not my fault, nor is your curse of my doing! Now release me from this dank disgusting little hovel you call home or I’ll be forced to make you.” He declared drawing power into his hands and making them glow again as he lost his temper. 
“In my home you have no chance of winning son of Loki, the more power you use the more you fuel me. The only way someone could survive me is by saying yes.” She squealed in delight as some of the power flew from his hands into her body. 
Shocked into silence Kol stared at his hands in disbelief as the once bright glow he once had now sputtered and dimmed as he watched. 
Smiling Lathea simply waved her hand drawing the rest of Kol’s power from his hands dissipating the rest of it completely as it jumped across the room into her chest leaving him feeling drained and barley able to stand. 
“There is nothing you can do Kol, you are mine forever. Had you developed your powers from your father completely things might have been different but as it is you are less than nothing to me.” She explained with gleeful malice in her tone. 
“NO!” Shouted Kol somehow gathering enough strength to throw two knives that appeared in his hands from nowhere. 
Taking her completely by surprise one of the knives grazed Lathea’s arm while the other found its new home through her arm. 
Kol grinned at the damage he caused but his elation was short lived as almost immediately the knife fell out of her arm and both wounds instantly healed. 
“How dare you?!” Lathea shrieked glowing with power as she stared at Kol who was still attempting to stand. “That’s a very bad dog! My creatures are much more obedient, I’ll have to teach you some manners now that you are mine.” 
Before either of them could do anything further however a voice split the air in the room with a chill of power. “Kol is not yours to have Lathea, as it is you were not supposed to trap the other men that rejected you, but taking one that the gods have taken such an interest in cannot be allowed to stand. And just so you know, if you are unable to get a man to stay with you that’s something missing in you and no one else. Stop blaming everyone else for your eternally awful choices, it was you and your siblings that disobeyed your mother and lead to your punishment. It is you who tries to force yourself on others instead of simply letting them be. You are the problem and always have been.” The new beautifully sweet voice chimed in from thin air all around them. 
Whirling around Lathea surprisingly found herself now face to face with Hypatia daughter of Zeus the Greek goddess of creativity, the sky and light.  
“This is not your business Hypatia.” Snarled Lathea backing away clearly fearful of the goddess. “And you know all too well that the creator only lets men stumble upon me that cannot staym what am I supposed to do with that part of the curse?” 
“That would be an incorrect assessment my dear, my father sent me to check on both Kol and 
Vasos’ progress since they have yet to complete a single quest. As such if I found them hindered in any way, shape or form I was to provide aid without actually interfering, which is what I intend to do.” She explained as she played with one of the life like paintings. “As for your curse, your grandfather never made it so you could not leave here. It is your selfimposed exile in this place that keeps you alone, only those who cannot stay will stumble upon you here but were you to brave the outside world you are free to find someone who is not bound to such things.” 
“Ha, you cannot directly interfere? Then if I wish I can trap Kol here and all you can do is provide the lighting, you are a weak excuse for a goddess.” Lathea laughed turning back towards Kol and ignoring the second part of what Hypatia had said. 
“Maybe I am, maybe I’m not. But what this weak goddess can do is give him the gifts that are within my sphere of power.” Hypatia added. “Then we shall see how weak you consider me or Kol.” 
Without waiting for a reply Hypatia appeared next to Kol giving him a gentle kiss on the cheek. “Be the hero I believe you to be, this is the gift from the gods and especially from me dear Kol.” 
Instantaneously a warm feeling spread throughout Kol’s entire body reinvigorating him, he felt light on his feet, happy and his power as infinite as the sky like all the weight had left him from his hard life, also thoughts rushed through his head, thoughts and ideas on how to use his powers in ways in never dreamt possible and with that a confidence he had never known. 
Walking confidently toward Lathea, Kol smiled creating a staff from thin air. “My time here is done Lathea, I meant you no malice and truly wished you safe from malevolence. I explained all this to you and gave you a chance, you should have released me when I gave you the option now all that has changed and has gone leaving only anger in its wake.” Without any movement or gesture from Kol he reached out with his powers forming ice around Lathea’s waist instantly which pulled her backwards into the wall trapping her there. “I must punish you for the wrong that you have done to these poor men. I will drain you of your power adding it to my own magic. Then I will use my powers to free the poor souls you have trapped from their prison and release them into the world once 
again, and finally I will turn you into a stone statue leaving you in the woods as a warning to all monsters of the world never to harm the people of Midgard. So rejoice Lathea, as you wished I am setting you free from your curse.” 
 
Chapter 13 
 
There was something in the air that hindered Vasos robbing him from any peace he might have had as the two of them entered the forest, somewhere in the back of his mind Vasos couldn’t shake the feeling that someone or something was close and keeping a careful watch on them. The question that remained unanswered to him for the time being was does whatever or whoever it is mean them good or ill and would he find out before it was too late?  
“Where is this gift supposed to be?” Questioned Sander looking around both full of caution and frustration. 
“Pan said that it would be right here when we entered the forest.” Replied Vasos looking around with a bit of frustration himself. 
“Maybe we’re too early.” Stated Sander calmly as he fumbled with the lid to his flask. 
“Or running too late.” Retorted Vasos raising an eyebrow as he continued to look around for any sign of life. 
All at once the two of them in unison nearly jumped out of their boots from the unexpected roar that echoed through the forest and sent vibrations through their bodies as a huge creature appeared in front of them as if from nowhere, the two of them could do little else but stare in wonderment as a the great lion (which was the size of an elephant) came bounding closer to them. Its golden fur glittered here and there as sunlight penetrated the foliage striking the lion from time to time. Its fierce eye were wide and filled with both intelligence and danger as it eyed them while licking its wickedly sharp dagger long fangs. 
Shaking off the surprise quickly Vasos answered the threat immediately by firmly grabbing Sander with one hand and effortlessly threw him high up into the trees where for the moment he would be safe, without hesitation he sailed through the air a second later in a long jump toward the lion with his sword ready to meet the new foe before him. With a thud that kicked up dirt all around, he landed a few feet in front of it as the creature skidded to a stop to stare at the demigod face to face. Despite the slight fear he felt at the size and danger of the monster Vasos stood proud and ready to fight to the death if need be. 
“Come beast and meet your death!” He yelled arrogantly as he raised his sword. 
Shocking both Vasos and Sander the great Nemean Lion answered by bowing to him instead of attacking. 
“The gift!” Shouted Sander from the tree branch. “Put down your sword you big oaf!” 
“What?” Said Vasos clearly baffled still by the monsters behavior. 
“The gift from Pan to us remember? He said…ahhh!” Stammered Sander suddenly losing his grip and falling hitting every branch on the way down as he dropped. 
Quick as light the Nemean lion hopped over Vasos in a single smooth motion landing under Sander just in time to catch him on its back saving him from any serious injury. 
“Oh yeah, the gift from the wild, I’d say that it doesn’t get too much better than the legendary Nemean Lion does it?” Smiled Vasos as he sheathed his sword while walking towards them. 
“Didn’t your great, great grandfather Hercules kill it?” Inquired Sander with a raised eyebrow. “I wonder how he feels about that.” 
“As a matter of fact he did, but of course like any monster it eventually comes back to life like all monsters do.” He answered with a shrug. “In any case I doubt he cares about happened ages ago considering he was given an order from Pan.” 
Turning toward him for the first time the great lion emitted a low deep growl in response to the comment. 
“I don’t think he likes that you’re related to Hercules or that you called him a monster.” Laughed Sander righting himself on its back. 
Confirming his comment the lion roared stepping a little closer to Vasos baring its fangs for a moment before bowing again. 
“I really don’t care what the hell he likes or doesn’t like.” Vasos muttered under his breath climbing onto the back of the lion himself. “As long as he does what Pan told him he has to do.” 
“By the way before I forget or lose the nerve, I’d like to thank you for the way you protected me like that.” Sander muttered. 
“Yeah well I’m getting kind of fond of you already, moreover I still owed you for saving me.” Vasos answered with a half-smile without looking at him. 
“Oh I see, so it was just about paying me back mainly?” Sander questioned a little more comfortable. “Or maybe, just maybe you didn’t want me to steal your thunder…again.” He finished with a smile. 
“Ah sure, that must have been it.” Frowned Vasos picking up on his discomfort before smiling fully himself. “That and because we’re family and I like you.” He said lowering his voice during the last part of his answer. 
“Isn’t that sweet, I knew you had more to you than just the armored angry soldier guy, there had to be some of your mother in your personality, at least that’s what I believed. It’s good to see that I was right as usual.” Sander said flatly. 
“Don’t mistake my kindness for weakness little cousin, yes I have a great expanse of empathy and love for those I care about and for humanity in general as a matter of fact, but never will that stop the drive I have to complete my responsibilities to the quest and to the gods. If anything, the scornful side of love fuels me to do some pretty wicked things.” Vasos warned changing his tone a little. 
Feigning fear Sander shook a little. “Scary, I’m trembling with fear, or is that because my buzz is wearing off. In any case if you could possibly clear your vision and focus on the task at hand we could get moving.” 
“Ha, ha, if you are ready why don’t you tell your buddy here to take us to Mantinea.” Vasos ordered changing his voice to sound like the army generals they’ve all heard. 
Leaning down to the lions ear Sander spoke directly into its ear. “Speed us to Mantinea my friend as quickly as you can, get us there fast and I will even share some of my wine with you.” 
Promptly with a triumphant roar the lion shot out of the forest running right through the pack of dancing kobaloi snatching one of them neatly in its jaws as it passed by swallowing it neatly in a single bite. 
“Can I share a secret with you?” Sander said leaning back towards Vasos. 
“Sure.” 
“I don’t really like lions, I really don’t even like cats, they shed everywhere and they are way too clingy.” Sander answered. 
“Well don’t worry, it’s not like we are going to have a lion with us the whole trip.” Vasos whispered back. “At least I don’t think that we will.” 
“Thank the gods.” Sander said with a sigh of relief. “Although, I could see myself getting over that to keep this guy. You know how handy he would be to have around all the time.” 
“I know, he is tough, intelligent and fierce. Perfect for battle.” Vasos agreed. 
With a frown Sander pulled his ear a little closer. “I suppose but I meant he’d be an awesome drinking buddy, I bet he could drink all night just like me!” He said excitedly. 
Turning to whisper directly into Sanders’ ear Vasos cleared his throat before suddenly yelling. “You’re an idiot!” 
Rapidly the lion traveled across the lands of Arcadia running so fast that the two young men struggled to hold on as the wind whipped at their bodies. 
“Finally we have begun the very quests that will have our names sung throughout the ages!” Shouted Vasos to Sander over the howl of the increasing wind in their ears. “Isn’t that alone an amazing feeling?” 
“Wonderful, what sort of surprises do you think the gods will have for us along the way?” He replied trying to get his flask to his mouth as the wine splashed out here and there frustrating him a bit. 
Before Vasos could answer it seemed the gods may have took the liberty when out of nowhere a loud clang interrupted the conversation they were having distracting them both. 
Looking in question back at Sander over the sound they heard Vasos wondered what his companion might have done to make it but instead of an answer to his silent question what he received instead was a confused shrug in response. Just then the sound again echoed through the air and over the land putting the lion on edge so badly that the beast roared in frustration like he knew what was coming and he didn’t like it. However when Vasos focused on the lions head he noticed it looked to the right while gaining even more speed. Following its gaze Vasos could barely see a shape somehow incredibly traveling along side of them keeping pace at a distance for the moment, (something he expected wouldn’t last for long one way or another) as he watched intently Vasos tried to discern what it is until to his horror three foot long spikes flew through the air narrowly missing his legs as they hit the side of the lion before he could react. Luckily for them and the lion its armored hide held up with the deadly spikes merely and bouncing off of it. 
“What was that?” Queried Sander straining to make out what it was that had hit them. 
“I don’t think I want to find out.” Answered Vasos as he drew his sword. 
“I don’t think whatever it is will be giving us much of a choice.” Sander responded pointing at the shadow that suddenly had a burst of speed towards them as it began to pull slightly ahead at the same time. 
Rapidly whatever it was gained more and more ground out in front of them until the blurry mystery creature turned towards them blocking their way, unable or unwilling to try and jump or dodged it the lion slowed to a trot abruptly as it growled and headed towards the creature that they could now see very clearly. 
“A manticore, you just had to ask what problems we were going to have didn’t you?” Moaned Vasos rhetorically. 
“Like this was my fault.” Huffed Sander taking a drink of his flask. “I’m going to down as much wine as I can before the fight starts I have a feeling I’m going to need it.” 
“Why am I not surprised at that and yes it is your fault, that’s what I’m going with.” He said sliding off the lions back. “Now if you are done drinking why don’t you pull out a weapon and get ready to battle?” 
“Well which is it? This flask and the liquid inside is my weapon, so do you want me to be done or do you want me to keep my weapon out?” He laughed until he noticed just how close the manticore was. “So what’s your strategy oh wise one?” Sander questioned looking at the manticore who stopped seeming content to wait for the moment while they decided. “I’m going to destroy that thing so we can keep going.” Vasos stated matter of factly as he walked towards the manticore while swinging his axe back and forth. 
“Ok, that makes sense but one question for you, after you’re dead and moving through the lower intestines of that thing do you think the gods will force me to continue with this quest thing?” Questioned Sander relaxing on the lion’s back. 
Vasos scowled but before he could respond he had to dodge a barrage of spikes that flew toward him, tensing the muscles in his legs Vasos had planned to leap high into the air but already the lion had reacted to the threat landing in front of him taking the brunt of the spikes on its side which again bounced off harmlessly. 
“Thanks.” Muttered Vasos looking up at Sander who gave him a big thumbs up. 
With a glance back at the Manticore Sander smiled giving it a sarcastic wave before he slid off the back of the lion landing next to Vasos. “It wasn’t my doing, apparently Charlie likes you a little more than we thought.” 
“Surprising.” Vasos commented looking into the eye of the lion for a moment before shaking his head and looking at Sander questioningly. “Wait Charlie?” 
“Yeah, Charlie.” Sander replied as if the name was common knowledge as he pointed at the lion. 
“You named the great Nemean lion…Charlie?” Vasos questioned again for a moment before slightly shaking his head. “You know what never mind, thanks…Charlie…I’m surprised you like me that much I didn’t think that you did.” 
“I’ll say its way surprising, but be that as it may we still have the problem of Gary to deal with, by the way I don’t know if you have noticed but he’s already walking towards us.” Nodded Sander in the direction of the manticore. 
“Gary huh? Where do you come up with this stuff? You know what don’t tell me, it’s part of your charm…or your insanity, I’m not sure which but we can address that later. As for Gary, my power won’t affect him from here, will yours?” Vasos pondered as they watched the creature advance cautiously while licking his lips. 
“At this distance not a chance.” Sighed Sander. “Quests from the gods suck, I miss my hammock.”  
“Hail little demigod treats, why don’t you come out and play with me? I promise I will finish you quickly, well actually I guess I can’t back that up totally. The one called Vasos will not be so lucky, Ares wanted me to keep him alive for weeks eating him a little bit at a time, sorry kid but that’s the breaks when you anger a god.” The Manticore howled sure of his victory. 
Really having a chance to see the creature for the first time Vasos could appreciate why it was so confident. It’s lion body and face easily rivaled that of the Nemean lion Charlie, every part of it was rippled with muscle, its massive bat wings were black as tar and spiked at the ends with a metallic sheen that obviously were razor sharp like the claws on each paw. Its massive jaw had teeth as long as a short sword and they were tinged with yellow and red like the mane around its head clearly tainted with color from eating the flesh and blood of its many victims in the past. But what worried Vasos most of all was the brownish/gold giant scorpion tail that posed just behind its head as the creature stood on its hind legs ready and waiting to strike while it dripped green poison from the tip. 
“You know Gary, all of that sounds wonderful so we’ll be out in just a second we just need a little more time to…um…to ah…to put some spices on us for taste. We’d hate for you to have to come all this way for a couple of bland demigods.” Yelled Sander finally feeling the effects of his wine once again. 
“Gary?” Questioned the Manticore looking around. “Who is this Gary you speak of? My name is Rashk!” 
“Sorry Gary…I mean Rashk the great and terrible conqueror of all, just for that we’ll add a little sauce on us as well and I promise it won’t happen again!” Sander yelled out before looking back at Vasos and lowering his voice. “I don’t like the name Rashk.” 
Without taking his eyes off the threat Charlie grunted in agreement at the statement. 
“I agree, I liked Gary better for him too Charlie but what are you going to do?” He agreed as if he had understood what the lion was trying to say. “I’ll bet that why he ended up evil and eating people because I mean really who names their kid Rashk? That’s a terrible name, imagine how he must have been teased growing up!” 
“So what? That’s your masterful proposal? To feed him so he’ll feel better about himself?” Vasos questioned smacking Sander in the back of the head. “I’ve decided that it’s not charm you have, indeed you are completely insane. Although, now that I think about it. If he eats you first the way he wants to he’ll be too drunk to fight with me.” 
“No you dolt,” Sander said smacking him back in the back of the head. “I’m just trying to buy us some time, now let’s think, we have the nearly indestructible Charles, large and in charge here. Hey that’d be a great name for a play! Charles in charge! Oh after this quest we are so doing that Charlie, but anyway that’s a little off topic.” Sander smiled patting the lion on it’s side while pulling some spices out of his bag and shaking it over his head and spreading it under his arms and in his pants. 
“A little off topic?” Vasos questioned trying not to laugh at the sight of Sander getting ready to completely baste himself. 
“Anyway…” Sander continued giving Vasos a pointed look. “We have your magic axe/sword thing, and my abilities to create vines, cause drunkenness, dance and insanity. Then there are your abilities to make people fall in love or whatever. So what can we do with all of that?” 
“I also have enhanced strength but I don’t know how much I can lift yet.” Vasos added. 
“Great, when we need a love struck arm wrestling contest won I’ll make sure your schedule is open.” Sander said rolling his eyes sarcastically. “It’s no wonder why the gods decided that you needed help.” 
“I never pictured you as a whiner Sander being the son of Dionysus, he is always in a good mood, Vasos I can see it from being Aphrodite’s son all.” Snickered the Norse god Tyr appearing next to them leisurely petting the lion that began to purr almost instantly as it shifted to take them out of the view of Rashk. 
Flabbergasted at the appearance of the god Sander promptly stumbled backwards surprised at the appearance of the strange man unlike Vasos who just sighed in annoyance while performing a slight bow. “You’re just as bad as Ares, what do you want Tyr?”  
Slowly Tyr turned to face Vasos standing over him. The ten foot tall god was adorned in his usual garb, his weathered metal clasp hung across his bare chest keeping his blood red cape resting on his shoulders and down his back. The middle of his metal belt matched the clasps in color but glowed in the middle with power as it led into each side of the belts massive animal horns that matched the width of his body and held his blood red animal skin shorts in place leaving his legs bare until his black boots that reached the middle of his calves. On his back a gleaming giant side somehow clung perfectly along with his shield that matched offsetting his helmet which was mainly the same weathered metal as his clasps save for the red strip that adorned the middle. His eyes glowed yellow and red matching his long hair and beard that intertwined where they met. 
“Watch your tone with me child I may not be your god of war but I am a god of war none the less and thus deserve your respect, or do you wish to anger a second god of war.” He said pushing Vasos into the lion which growled in annoyance at Vasos more than Tyr. 
Staring into the war gods eyes Vasos silently dared for him to touch him again though he didn’t give voice to his anger thinking better of it instead as his he became determined not to let on that the war god had gotten to him. 
Reading the look a sly smiled crossed Tyr’s face as his felt Vasos emotions pour from his body making it impossible for Vasos to fool him. “There’s some of the fire I knew you had, after all you do have some of Hercules blood in your veins, or so I’m told. Anything you wish to tell me Vasos? Now would be the time, I’m right here in front of you.” 
“Lord Tyr, please forgive Vasos he hasn’t had a single drink with me all day. Besides, I’m sure that it’s understand that he has issues with war gods given what Ares has done to him through his life. But onto more…pleasant things what is it we can do for you? A drink maybe?” Questioned Sander intervening quickly while offering Tyr the flask. 
Staring at Vasos for just a moment longer Tyr finally turned to look at Sander. “By order of the Allfather Odin, the young heroes, blah, blah, blah, will go on quests and receive help and be tested, blah, blah, blah. And so I bring another demigod to join the two of you, his name is Sevrrir demigod son of Heimdal and Digas mother of all lions.” 
“Joy, just what I need another mouth to feed.” Murmured Vasos. 
“Your time is up demigods! I will wait no longer! By now you should be sauced and ready for me to eat!” Roared Rashk bounding forward. 
“Oh I’m sauced alright.” Giggled Sander almost falling over. 
“And this is what the gods think I need.” Vasos muttered getting ready to rush out and fight until once again Charlie took charge. 
Meeting the Rashk in midair the Charlie fought as hard as he could tearing at the manticore all over with its claws causing enormous amounts of blood to stain the ground, but even with the immense damage the lion did Rashk kept going until his tail finally got a luck shot blinding the lion by poking out one its eyes while injecting it’s deadly venom into it at the same time. Slashing at the air wildly with its claws Charlie roared in pain bravely still attempting to fight as the poison swiftly spread through its body killing it slowly. 
“CHARLIE!!! NOOOO!” Yelled Sander furiously trying to push past Vasos to attack while Vasos himself watched in disbelief as the body of Charlie returned to the underworld. 
“Is that the best you can do?” Questioned the Rashk with a laugh as it hobbled towards the group. “If the great Nemean lion could not beat me what chance do you have?” 
“I’d advise you to rethink your position of fighting while I’m here creature. The chances of you surviving me are laudable.” Smiled Tyr as his giant sword disappeared from his back and reappeared in his hand. 
Noticing Tyr for the first time the manticore frowned, instantly hesitant to move forward. “I was told the gods were not allowed in interfere directly.” He growled staring daggers at the demigods. 
“Any immortal may fight if the cause is just or if they are attacked, the ancient laws do not forbid that.” He said flatly clarifying what could happen. “Besides I’ve never been one for following the rules.” 
“So what then do you purpose happens now? It would seem that we are at a standstill.” The manticore questioned with a frown at the situation. 
“Hardly, with a wave of my hand you can be destroyed so I wouldn’t call it a standstill, besides in any case I won’t have to intervene, have you actually met Sevrrir?” Questioned Tyr. “He and his mother have quite a problem with you.” 
“Sevrrir.” He repeated spitting on the floor as the hair on his back stood on end and his tail twitched back and forth nervously. “I’m not afraid of that whelp or his harlot mother, besides I don’t see him here.” 
In answer to the comment from the edge of the forest a giant lion the size of a rhino instantly reached the monster and attacked the manticore ferociously for a moment before knocking it backwards and bounding over to the group changing form again into a lithe young demigod.  
The young man that stood before them was five foot seven inches tall with golden brown hair and eyes, he had attractive features, a strong chin and jaw with a goatee that matched his hair in color and texture. As he transformed the group was thankful that magically clothes appeared on his body covering his nakedness. Strapped to his back was a massive axe nearly the same size as him, it glinted in the sun with a deadly sharp edge that radiated with power they could feel. His clothes were dust color brown and matched his boots, wrist bands and armlets which were very tight fitting but obviously allowed for free movement. 
“So these are the Greek demigods huh? Not much to look at are they?” Sevrrir said flatly looking at them while talking to Tyr. 
“Evidently you haven’t looked in the mirror lately and apparently they don’t teach manners where you are from.” Grunted Sander looking over the new demigod. 
“Say that to my face loser.” Growled Sevrrir stepping up to Sander. 
“Back off kitty.” Demanded Vasos pushing Sevrrir away with more force than he intended. “We have more important things to deal with right now, afterwards I can teach you the manners that Sander pointed out that you sorely are need of.” 
Clearly astonished at the reaction Sevrrir just stared at Vasos for a moment who was in turn already ignoring him to shoot another dirty look at Tyr for bringing this new pain in the neck to him. Without looking at Sevrrir again Vasos turned and ran towards the manticore with his axe raised above his head, then in one swift motion he jumped throwing the axe with all of his might at Rushks’ head. With a smile the large creature tried to dodge but found he was unexpectedly stuck in place. Without him noticing it Sander had wrapped thick vines around Rashks’ legs entangling him completely and thoroughly enough to keep him from moving. 
A look of fear crossed its face for a moment at the axe speeding towards it, then at the last second he moved his head just enough to dodge the weapon getting only a small cut on the side of his face instead of being split in two. “A good try demigod, but not good enough.” He said arrogantly even though he was still trapped. “And now you have thrown away your weapon and will have to come and battle face to face in range of my tail.  
Staring at him quietly Vasos just waited with his hand raised in the air which puzzled the manticore until it heard the weapon speeding through the air. Afraid to turn his head Rashk forced himself to look behind him, with a look of horror he turned just in time for the axe to split his head in half as the weapon flew back to Vasos hand. 
“Hmm not bad, not bad at all. There may be hope for you yet, and what about you?” Questioned Sevrrir looking back at Sander. “What is it you do?” 
“I drink.” He answered flatly bringing his flask to his lips and drinking deeply. 
“Useful I’m sure.” Sevrrir said rolling his eyes. 
“I have my moments, just ask muscles over there.” Sander said pointing at Vasos and angering Sevrrir more. 
“Well this was…boring and as much as I’d love to watch you kids get along or fight to the death, I have places to go and wars to encourage, now you three play nice and good luck on surviving.” Interjected Tyr before disappearing. 
“War gods, yuck.” Spat Vasos walking back up to them. 
“Show some respect, he is a god after all.” Snarled Sevrrir with his hand turning into a claw. 
“When I want your opinion I’ll give it to you Sevrrir.” Snapped Vasos pushing past him to pick up his bag unintimidated by the threat. “I know all about respecting gods that are overlooked or even made fun of, my problem is with arrogance and those who use people like trash throwing them away or killing them for fun. God or mortal it’s something I don’t stand for.” 
“We’re not done Vasos!” Sevrrir yelled turning Vasos around powerfully to face him. 
Forcefully and quicker than Sevrrir could follow Vasos grabbed him by the throat lifting him up and then slamming him into the ground head first, without hesitation he again lifted him up over his head throwing him over twenty feet away. Without giving the other demigod time to recover Vasos broke into a running jump which took him almost all the way to Sevrrir who was still stunned on the ground. Roaring as he landed a few feet away from the fallen demigod Vasos used the pull of gravity to his advantage as he slammed his fist into the ground causing it to explode in a tidal wave of Earth that flowed towards Sevrrir tossing his body high into the air. Defying belief Vasos again reached Sevrrir before he could land kicking him so forcefully that it sent him all the way back to Sander’s feet. 
“Welcome to the flip side of love buddy, I should have warned you that Vasos has a bit of a temper sometimes.” Laughed Sander pouring some wine on Sevrrir’s face to jar him up and add to his humiliation. 
Struggling the young man sat up at first before he tried to regain his footing after the severe beating he just received. Sighing he redoubled his efforts as he desperately tried to force himself to a standing position, but before he could accomplish this simple task Vasos was already on him in a second tackling him to the ground leaving a small crater in their wake.  “Understand boy that I’m in charge here, these are my quests and I won’t take you or anyone else disrespecting me!” He yelled in his face. “If you don’t like the way I do things or say things then walk away and take your chances with the gods, understood? Because in the end they would be more merciful than I!” 
“Understood.” Sevrrir replied after a moment before spitting out some blood onto the ground. 
“Good, now from this point on we are united. We have more than enough enemies’ we do not need to fight among ourselves.” Vasos decided sternly as he helped Sevrrir to his feet before looking at Sander to make sure he understood as well. 
“Great now that we’re all friends let’s get on our way this sun is killing me, it’s really bad for the skin.” Moaned Sander walking toward the city in the distance. 
Sevrrir looked at Vasos in question of how he could deal with him. 
“You’ll get used to him.” He answered to the look. 
“Doubtful.” Answered Sevrrir beginning to walk. 
“Give it time, but aside from that we have ourselves some time before we get to the city so why don’t you tell me your story and we can start another journey.” 
“Which journey would that be?” Sevrrir questioned. 
“The journey towards our friendship and becoming brothers in arms.” Vasos half smiled in answer with a wink. 
 
Chapter 14 
 
“You can’t do this!” Yelled Lathea in protest as she struggled to move. 
“I can do anything I chose enchantress and I have elected to make this example of you.” Kol said as the magic flowed from his hands over her body. 
Slowly his punishment began to take effect and as it did Kol glanced at the goddess to see if she approved or disapproved of what was happening. With a nod that told him to continue as he saw fit Kol looked back at the witch pouring more of his power and concentration into his punishment. Together they watched and listened to her screams calmly and without remorse as each one penetrated all the way to the forest above her body slowly turned into stone while at the same moment the men she had trapped returned to normal until abruptly as the last man returned to normal Latheas’ screams cut short with the last of her being transformed. 
“A fitting punishment Kol.” Smiled Hypatia grabbing Kol’s arm and transporting both of them, the Lathea statue and the now freed men to the surface whom Kol returned to normal with his magic. 
“What happened to me? Where is the witch?” Questioned one of the men frantically looking around. 
“You have been freed from Lathea’s curse by Kol the punisher, son of Loki. You’ve no need to worry any longer for he has given her that which she deserved.” She answered for Kol while pointing at the statue of Lathea. 
“A son of Loki saved us?” Another man asked incredulously. 
“Indeed.” She smiled staring at Kol proudly.  
“I’d have rather stayed imprisoned than owe my life to an evil child of Loki.” The third man spit on the ground in front of Kol who instead of looking angry simply looked hurt. 
“That and so much more can be arranged if you wish you ungrateful mortal!” Hypatia warned with deadly clam in her voice while she glowed with power. 
“No…no…” The man trembled suddenly afraid. “I beg your forgiveness my lady.” 
“It is not my forgiveness you need beg for human.” She said pointedly. 
Turning to face Kol the man (along with the others), slowly knelt down facing the direction of Kol. “Thank you my lord punisher.” 
“Please my friends get up, I am neither royalty nor am I a god. All I wish to do is protect the people, serve the gods and rid the world of evildoers. I’ve no desire or want to be worshiped, I am a man of the people like any of you. You never need to thank me for anything I do, the only thing I do ask is that you remember that I am not my father.” Kol explained helping the man nearest him to his feet.  
Stunned the man stayed silent simply nodding in understanding along with the others. 
“Well said Kol, remember this well Norsemen, now go forth and spread the news among your people.” Hypatia ordered with a wave of her hand transporting the men instantly back to the nearby town. 
“Thank you gentle goddess for everything you have done for me, you are as kind and generous as you are beautiful.” He said blushing a little bit as he bowed. 
Flushed a little herself by the comment she turned away from him before answering. “It was my pleasure to aid you young hero, even were I not sent by my father I would have done so. To be truthful I wish there was more time for me to spend with you, but alas I must check on your counterpart in Greece. Believe me though I will be seeing you again as soon as I can.” She finished with a wink. 
“Until that time my lady I will eagerly await your return.” He bowed deeply once more with a wink of his own at the end. 
As her form started to glow she decided at the last second to blow him a kiss. “Farewell Kol, be well and be safe my young hero.” 
With the memory of the beautiful goddess still fresh in his mind Kol sighed happily as he headed back towards the camp when he suddenly remembered that he was supposed to find dinner. 
Shifting back into a different frame of mind Kol reached out with his senses once again until he found the herd of deer surprisingly not far from his current position after everything that had happened. Slowly he began to stalk his prey through the forest when an epiphany hit him like a ton of bricks. Closing his eyes for a moment he concentrated with all his might, then all at once to his own surprise he shot into the air flying high over the forest locating the deer immediately. With a sly smile Kol felt prouder of himself than he ever had before, turning his attention on the deer once again Kol steadily stretched out his hand towards them. Without hesitation the largest buck in the group floated into the air instantly falling asleep before its neck snapped causing a long echoing crack through the forest as it died painlessly though the sound sent the other deer running. 
Pleased with himself Kol floated over the forest with his kill until silently he dropped down into their camp with it by his side. 
“Bjorn?” He called out noting that no one was around even though they should have been. 
Expectedly silence greeted him in return indicating that the others were still not back yet for some reason. Content at being alone for the moment Kol magically skinned the deer still unsure whether or not he should tell Bjorn and Hagar about his powers coming to full strength. Shaking his head Kol pushed the thought to the side for the time being as he magically separated the meat while starting the fire in a nearby pit so he could begin to cook. As he worked he couldn’t help but hum a song as his thoughts drifted back toward Hypatia and the wild things he just experienced, closing his eyes his mind recalled every detail perfectly. Every curve, freckle, line, dip and smell of her face and body reverberated through him. Her voice echoed in his head as he remembered how her voice calmed him instantly, lost in the moment he didn’t even notice the large man walking up to him while he finished placing the meat on the spit to cook. 
“Ah to be young again.” Said the stranger startling Kol so much he created a shield around himself without meaning to. 
“Who are you?” Kol demanded with several magic knives appearing in his hand. 
With a warm and disarming smile the tall man simply sat by the fire ignoring the question and apparently unfazed by the magical knives, the man slowly rubbed his hands together close to the fire warming them as he sniffed at the cooking food, studying everything about him Kol noted that he had short black hair and dazzling ocean blue eyes that were both kindly and wise. His narrow face was offset by his square jaw and sharp nose, he had a perfect runners build which was lean and muscular. On his head he was wearing a helmet with wings matching the armor that covered his chest but left his arms bare and his leather pants were black leading to boots that looked comfortable and strong. 
Sensing that this might be someone important Kol decided it would be better to air on the side of caution and show respect by lowering his hands though he kept the knives on the ground in front of him. “I don’t mean to be rude sir but have we met before? If so please forgive me but I don’t recall our meeting or your name. If we have met been my most sincere apologies for not remembering, if you could forgive that and tell me your name once again I promise not to forget it ever again.”  
“We have not met before today my young friend, at least not formally but I like so many others have watched you from afar for quite some time. Such respect and manners from you are greatly appreciated especially given the fact that you knew not who I am, as a token of my gratitude I will give you a gift after we have talked. I am Hermod god of messages, travel and such. Perhaps you have heard of me?” He asked happily. 
Immediately the knives disappeared as Kol dropped to one knee. “Forgive me my lord I should have recognized you.” 
“Think nothing of it, I know your mind was…preoccupied at the moment. Please rise and continue your amazing cooking.” He smiled pulling some of the meat off the spit to eat as if he knew what Kol had been thinking. 
“Allow me to make it up to you, what can I do for you my lord?” He questioned returning to his cooking. 
“Nothing what so ever. I come with a message from Odin for you and your uncle.” 
“My uncle?” He questioned looking up from the food baffled by the statement. 
Answering his question thunder split the sky abruptly as Thor appeared at the edge of the camp. “What is the meaning of this Hermod? My father ordered me here but was voiceless on the reasoning. What has befallen the world that I must come here so urgently?” 
Noticing Kol near the fire Thor couldn’t help but unwillingly scowl at him although before he could say anything Kol jumped up to his feet and ran over to Thor who immediately raised his hammer in defense. Ignoring the danger from Thor he continued running towards him until he fell at his feet with his face in the dirt. 
“Lord Thor, god of thunder, sky, fertility and benevolent protector of mankind. Dearest uncle, I beg your forgiveness for the death of your son although tis true I had no love for my cousin and he wronged me in many ways it does not excuse what happened accident or not. I was merely defending myself and as I said I am fully aware that it does not make it right, nor does it in any way excuse my crime against you. In the end, it matters not what kind of man your son was, he was my cousin and your flesh and blood, and I shouldn’t have lost my temper. For this offense I offer you my life in exchange for Ragnar’s, if you deem it right to kill me for my transgration against you so let it be, I will fully accept that.” Kol said slightly trembling with his face still in the dirt at the gods’ feet. 
Staring hard at the young demigod Thor couldn’t help but think of how different he was from Loki and how he wished his own children had half the respect Kol was now showing, softening his look a bit he grabbed Kol’s shoulder gently helping him to his feet. “Rise young demigod, it is true that I have allowed anger to fester in my heart against you for the death of my son. I too have wronged you in the regard that I had judged you unfairly because you are a child of Loki’s. True words were spoken earlier by your own father yet I allowed them to fall on deaf ears, as he has said, I too have slain many in battle defending myself and though never has it been a family member it must be acknowledged, plus one far off day during Ragnarok I will be forced to fight my nephew and slay him. That aside, I cannot simply forgive you for what took place. That being said my decision must factor in everything and be tempered with my sons transgressions against you as well as my own for judging you and allowing your mistreatment to happen at his hands. So hence forth you will follow my word to the letter as my judgment is this, as you have given your life to me you will now be a surrogate son of mine as well a son of Loki’s, you will listen to my guidance and pay me the heed you would a father, doing the things that I wanted for Ragnar in his stead.” 
“As you wish Lord Thor.” Said Kol unable to stop his smile from showing. “I mean father.” 
“Now my new son, let us see what news Hermod brings to us.” He said walking to the fire and pulling off some meat for himself. “Mmmm, excellent food Kol, all this meal is missing is some mead.” 
“I agree, but before we get too befuddled by the thought of drinking let us parley.” Hermod declared stuffing his mouth some more. “I bring good tidings, your other son Hallthor will be joining Kol on his first two quests, and as the Greek demigod Vasos has two demigods helping him 
Odin believes it’s only fair that Kol has the same advantage.” 
“This is indeed good news son, your brother Hallthor is strong and good, he is all I had hoped he would be, and together with you my new child you will be a formidable force. Pray tell though Hermod, who will be the third demigod accompanying them?” Questioned Thor raising an eyebrow as he cut off some more meat. 
“None, Kol has other help, but should the one called Bjorn and his surrogate son ever abandon his side Kol and Hallthor will receive another companion that has been already chosen.” He answered. “Most likely a Greek demigod to keep things even since the Norse demigod Sevrrir has joined Vasos.” 
Walking into the clearing Bjorn and Hagar stared for a moment at the scene in front of them for a moment before advancing. Nervously Hagar slowly pawed at the handle of his weapon waiting for his father’s word on what to do until Bjorn’s jovial tone made it clear that they were not enemies.  
“Now Kol, what have I told you about talking to strangers?” Joked Bjorn walking again until he joined the group by the fire. 
“Hail Bjorn.” Thor smiled shaking the man’s hand. “It looks to me like you had a good day fishing, how do you fair this fine evening?” 
“Very well my lord Thor, I am surprised to find you here given what happened between Kol and your son Ragnar. You wouldn’t be here to try and take some measure of vengeance would you?” He questioned resting his hand on his sword. 
“Not at all Bjorn. I was sent here by Odin to hear the message Hermod had for both Kol and myself. In regards to Kol though and the unfortunate business that happened with Ragnar, he and I have discussed what happened and things are fine between the two of us, in fact they are better than fine. In exchange for the life of my son Kol has offered himself to me. His life was mine to do with as I pleased, as such I have accepted him as my surrogate son, I will not keep him from Loki or tell him to not respect and listen to him, all I simply ask is that he follow my guidance as well as his considering me his father along with Loki.” Thor explained looking at Kol with a hint of pride in his voice already. 
“An interesting development, one that I had not seen coming.” Bjorn said rubbing his chin. 
“Does this mean that Kol is leaving our company?” Questioned Hagar hopefully. 
“Not at all child.” Answered Hermod a little annoyed at the tone in Hagar’s voice. “Kol must continue on his way, if you dislike his company it is you that will have to leave.” 
“That won’t be happening anytime soon.” Announced Bjorn firmly. “I promised to train and help Kol and so I shall.” 
Raising an eyebrow at Bjorn Thor rose to his feet and began walking back into the forest calling over his shoulder. “Bjorn, may I speak with you in private along with Hermod?” He requested without stopping as he walked deeper into the forest. 
Sharing a concerned look between them the two other gods hesitantly rose and followed Thor out of listening range from the others leaving Kol and Hagar awkwardly waiting still tense at one another. 
“What is your game here Vili? Odin has decreed no direct interference on these quests.” Asked Thor concerned. “What is of such import that you would defy our kings’ belief? Nay, what possesses you too defy thy own brothers’ wishes?”  
“I do not interfere directly, I am merely training the child. When anything concerning the quest arises I allow him his own decisions for good or ill.” He replied shortly at being questioned. 
“Odin has not disagreed with his choice thus far Thor.” Chimed in Hermod looking back at the food while licking his lips as the fish began to cook. 
As the three men were still talking Hagar walked up to the fire sitting across from Kol staring at him yet again as he cooked the fish. 
Noticing his stare Kol sighed. “I’m sorry about what happened between us earlier, I should have held my temper. I understand your feelings and point of view.” 
“Yeah? Well I’m not sorry Kol and I apologize for nothing.” He snapped making sure that only he heard his voice. “I didn’t like you before we left the city, and I hate you completely now. The only reason I followed you in the first place was because you were my ticket out of that life but now I have a father and I don’t need to pretend anymore. One day after I have learned all I can from my father I will make him proud and defeat you in a fight to the death!” 
“Well I can see this is a wonderful group I’m going to be traveling with, which one of you lucky dogs is Kol?” Questioned a young man walking up to the two of them making himself right at home as he began picking at the fully cooked meat. “Small fish, personally I would have thrown them back.” He joked happily glancing between Kol, Hagar and the three men talking. 
Kol was sure that this young man had to be Hallthor and already he knew that he’d like his new brother. Looking him over Kol wondered who his mother might be since he looked quite different from Thor, he stood at around five foot eight with dark skin, black hair and brown eyes, he had a medium build with the signs of developing muscle definition and he had a friendly smile and warm energy about him. 
“I’m Kol.” Kol said extending his hand. “And you are?” 
“Hallthor, son of Thor and your companion for the quests.” He said shaking his Kol’s hand heartily. 
“And of course like everyone else the new guy ignores me focusing on you 
Kol, this is exactly why I hate you.” Spat Hagar into the fire. “And so you know Hallthor, these were the best fish we could get so it was keep them or go hungry.” 
“Oh yeah I could see that, after all this full size dear just isn’t enough food is it? Let me guess, you went fishing while Kol went hunting? Sounds like you just a jealous little boy, tell me are you always this whinny and unpleasant?” Questioned Hallthor staring at Hagar in a silent challenge. “Because if you are I really don’t think we’re going to get along at all.” 
“You don’t know me, how dare you make any judgments on me.” Shouted Hagar shooting to his feet and walking behind Hallthor to stand over him. 
“Back off my new brother Hagar before I force you to.” Rumbled Kol forcing himself to stay sitting for the moment. 
“Brother?” Questioned Hallthor calmly without turning to face Hagar. 
“I’ll tell you later Hallthor, but in the meantime do you want me to handle this mosquito for you?” He questioned with a shrug. “Because it’s one thing for him to threaten me, that I can ignore but I cannot abide him threatening my family.” 
“I appreciate it Kol but don’t bother yourself, he doesn’t seem like much of a threat.” Hallthor said nonchalantly waving off Hagar. 
“That’s it get up!” Demanded Hagar pushing Hallthor’s back. 
“Should we intervene?” Asked Hermod watching with Thor and Vili. 
“No.” The other two replied in unison. 
“Darn, I wanted some more of that stag’s meat. This delay is making my stomach most unhappy.” Frowned Hermod ignoring everything except the food. 
“Always thinking with your stomach right Hermod?” Questioned Bjorn who did not receive answer. “Anyway,” He continued shaking his head. “I believe our time with Kol is at an end no matter how this turns out, hate grows in Hagar’s heart towards him and I cannot allow that to continue or it will corrupt his life.” Frowned Vili. “If we leave now there may yet be a chance for him to get over this petty jealously towards Kol.” 
“Why did you choose him as a son?” Asked Hermod returning to the conversation at hand. 
“I have no child of my own and he has the potential to be great one day, but first I must remove him from this situation, I had hoped that the two of them might work it out on their own but now he seems to have a problem with Hallthor as well. Comes from a hard life and little guidance from anyone.” Villi pointed out. 
“It is ill-advised for Hagar to do this.” Stated Thor pointing back at the young men. “Watch, my children are not ones to be trifled with.” 
“I said get up and face me!” Demanded Hagar balling his fists in anger. 
“I don’t think so, I try not to fight retards no matter how enticing they might make it, now why don’t you sit down instead and we can talk this out? You should have some of Kol’s kill it’s cooked to perfection.” Hallthor suggested evenly. 
“No, now if you don’t get up I’ll get you up!” Hagar yelled obviously losing all control. 
“Don’t touch me kid that would be a mistake.” Warned Hallthor without standing or turning to face him still. 
Ignoring the warning Hagar tried to grab Hallthor by his shoulders but the moment he touched him a massive shock sent him flying ten feet backwards into a tree. Shaking his head to try and clear the fog from the electrocution Hagar narrowly had time to see a war hammer slam into the tree next to his head. 
“That was a warning boy, had I wanted, you would be dead now. Things did not have to be this way, I offered to talk things out and you refused because of your short temper and foolish pride. I’d advise you to get that under control before it is the end of you.” Hallthor pronounced without turning to face him while his hammer flew back to his hand. 
Laughing under his breath Kol finished laying the rest of the now cooked food out on a nearby flat rock. “If you’re hungry and not too good to eat with us Hagar the all of the food is ready, great tasting fish by the way.” 
“I guess it’s true what they say then.” Hallthor said swallowing the bite of fish he had just taken. 
“What’s that Hallthor?” Kol said quizzically. 
“Big things come in small packages and it’s not the size of something but what magic is inside.” Hallthor answered with a smile and wink. 
“Is that how your last girlfriend made you feel better?” Laughed Kol so hard that he nearly doubled over. 
“Yeah she heard it from your girlfriend the night before!” Laughed Hallthor nearly falling over himself. “Come on Hagar join us and let’s break bread making amends.” 
“Regrettably we will have to take some of the food and leave my young friend, Hagar and I have a different path to follow than you but one day I’m sure our paths will cross again. I have faith in you and Hallthor Kol, become the heroes I know you are meant to be.” Interjected Bjorn before anything else could be said as he helped Hagar to his feet. 
“But I have not completed my training yet Master Bjorn.” Reasoned Kol. 
“There is little more I can teach you Kol, it is time for both you and Hallthor to teach each one another and learn from the world of those around you.” He replied grabbing their food and stuffing it in a leather bag. 
“I understand, good journey Bjorn and thank you for everything.” Kol nodded sadly realizing the truth of why they were parting. 
“Remember what I said Kol and as my father said, I’m sure that our paths will cross again.” Sneered Hagar turning his back and stomping off. 
Ignoring the comment Kol watched the two of them leave without another word. 
“I must leave as well, remember your promise to me Kol. I will never be far off should you need my council.” Said Thor disappearing before Kol could say anything. 
“Well I have some time to stay and enjoy some of the great food you cooked, besides it is now time for the gift I promised you.” Before Kol could answer or react Hermod touched Kol’s forehead allowing power to flow into him. “I have removed many of the blocks your mind had set in place to keep your powers at bay, you will now develop them at an amazing rate.” Raising his hand before Kol could say anything he silenced him so he could continue. There is no need to thank me, now for a real treat I will provide some mead and the three of us will feast on the food, then after you have broken camp we will leave. I will take you to the edge of Skaalholt where I promise that you will find transportation to Ktn.” Hermod decided as he sat back down with them. 
 
Chapter 15 
 
“My father left me with a good family, I never went without. My parents in Roskilde are to this day among the wealthiest there, I was given the best education, formal training in combat from all over the world and I was always top in my classes no matter the subject. I had never known defeat until now when you fought me.” Sevrrir said calmly. 
“Fighting demigods is a great deal different from fighting regular mortals, I mean take Sander there for example, looking at him and talking with him you would never believe that he could be any kind of threat, but Sander can make a person instantly drunk, dance or crazy and on top of that he can grow and control vines.” Answered Vasos as they walked. 
“I thought he was simply a drunk you felt pity for.” Laughed Sevrrir. 
“Not at all, the gods led me to him the same way they led you to us.” Vasos replied. 
“I wonder why these quests are happening at all, there has to be more to it than what we’ve been told.” Questioned Sevrrir thoughtfully. 
“I have pondered the same thing but I’m sure it will be revealed to us in time, until then all we can do is continue on our path.” Vasos agreed with a shrug. 
“I suppose you’re right, already several times I have tried to find out what is happening but my sight has been blocked again and again.” Sevrrir added slightly annoyed. 
“Speaking of which, am I correct in assuming that you have your father’s abilities to hear and see great distances along with the ability to shape shift into a lion?” Vasos questioned beginning to like Sevrrir as his kinship with him grew. 
“Indeed. My abilities have saved my life and exposed many falsehoods in my time showing me exactly who I can and can’t trust.” He smiled. “For instance your little friend up there has been complaining nonstop about me since you and I have been talking.” 
“I figured as much but believe me when I say that were you in trouble he would come to your aid selflessly, there is indeed much more to him than meets the eye.” Vasos said firmly. 
“We shall see.” Hissed Sevrrir staring at Sander up ahead. 
“Give him a chance little brother, he will prove himself to you and if not you always have me watching your back.” Vasos stated proudly nudging Sevrrir with his shoulder. 
“My gratitude I…wait, stop. Sander move now!” Yelled Sevrrir running towards him. 
Sander slowly turned towards the sound of Sevrrir’s voice but just stayed staring at him instead of running as he tried to figure out what was happening. Sure Sevrrir had a reason for what he was doing Vasos began running after the other demigod wondering what it was that spooked him when in answer the ground started rumbling giving way to a whole new problem. 
Turning into a lion Sevrrir doubled his speed toward Sander who was struggling to keep his footing. Just as the ground exploded from underneath him Sevrrir pushed Sander out of the way just in time being engulfed himself instead. Standing in his place was a Sphinx flanked by two gegenees on either side of it, the six armed giants stared at them with foam covered mouths and jagged teeth eager to be given the word to attack. In each of their hands was a sword and dutifully, obediently they stood at attention despite their lust for battle. 
“Give us back our friend Sphinx or face our wrath!” Yelled Vasos so angry his face was red. 
With a fang filled smile the beautiful face of the Sphinx ignored the question instead grinning at them silently in response. Then as if taunting Vasos she for a moment spread her massive wings blotting out the sun while her tail on her massive lion’s body swished back and forth playfully. 
“This is your last warning beast.” Vasos cautioned one last time. 
“If you want your friend back you will have to get past me little demigod.” She growled back in response to the threat. 
Staring at the creatures on either side Vasos curled his lip in a sneer as he weighed his options. “Fine what’s the riddle?” He finally decided. 
“I never said anything about a riddle now did I? No son of Aphrodite, I will not surrender this prize willingly, I have long hunted this boy. His hag of a mother has charged him to hunt down and destroy any monster that is part lion and I will not be sent back to Tartarus like the others, I will destroy him before he destroys me. Already life is slipping away from him, I can feel it.” The Sphinx enlightened. 
Charging his voice with his power again Vasos looked into her yellow eyes. “There’s no need for us to fight, Sevrrir is no threat to you he is now part of our quest.” 
Laughing wildly the Sphinx stared at Vasos and Sander. “Your powers will not work on me demigod nor will his, I am beyond your influences.” 
“I don’t have time for this!” Shouted Sander focusing his power. “No one attacks my pets without my approval!” With a reverberation that shook the Earth beyond where they stood Vasos watched in awe as the ground split, pulled apart by thousands of grape vines reveling Sevrrir’s limp body already unconscious from the lack of air, with a frustrated scream of rage the Sphinx and her minions tried vainly to grab Sevrrir but it was much too late because in seconds the massive vines wrapped around their fallen comrade and pulled him to Sanders side, instantly the two of them rose into the air on the vines high above the whole group in relative safety. 
“Right…so that happened…and is totally typical of the way things work.” Sighed Vasos holding his axe tightly sure of what was going to happen next. “Comfortable up there?” He shouted up at Sander who was sitting on Sevrrir’s stomach instead of the thick vines that supported the two of them. 
“Yes well it’s amazing how you can survive without the luxuries provided that you have the necessities of life.” He smiled back patting Sevrrir’s stomach while holding up his flask. 
“I bet.” Vasos muttered focusing on the Sphinx in front of him that was in a total uproar.  
“Shut up! Shut up! I will not be ignored! I will have my prize!” Yelled the Sphinx looking up at Sevrrir’s limp body. “Attack and bring me my prize because today is the day this cursed child dies!” 
“No you will not!” Boomed another voice interrupting the group. 
Everyone froze at the intimidating sound which they all turned to follow finding the titan of the earth Bion, at five foot nine inches tall with blond hair and blue eyes his massive build towered over the others and intimidated the creatures instantly. His green and brown leather looking clothes and boots constantly shift allowing the color to flow and rearrange as if they had a mind of their own. As Vasos watched he finally after so many years understood that it wasn’t that his clothes were made of leather and had been endowed with magic but instead was at Bion’s command and made from different elements of the earth itself giving him another weapon at his disposal no matter what he was doing or where he was at. 
“I do not fear you Titan for I know that you cannot intervene Bion it is forbidden by order of Zeus himself.” Reasoned the Sphinx. 
“Correction beast, it is forbidden for the gods to interfere, I am not a god. I am a titan and can do what I please when I please.” He snapped creating a rock giant from the Earth itself that immediately took action crashing down upon their enemies with both its fists, instantly in one single blow the giant destroyed the two six armed sidekicks into dust, then with what could only be considered a smile it turned towards the sphinx and grabbed it lifting the monster high into the air before ripping it apart as it screamed in protest until it could scream no longer. 
Lowering himself with Sevrrir slowly back to the ground now that the danger had past Sander helped the barley conscious demigod back over to Vasos and Bion. 
“Thank you Bion.” Said Vasos flatly but a little annoyed. “Although believe me when I say that I had everything well in hand.” 
“Do not distrust me because I am a titan Vasos, I was born at the beginning of the war and was raised by Prometheus and all the gods. I have no aspirations of conquest or malice towards anyone in particular, although I do enjoy the occasional beating of a monster though.” Bion answered with a smile that quickly turned into a playful chuckle. 
Relaxing a bit Vasos performed a formal stiff bow to further acknowledge what he said and that Vasos understood. “Forgive me Lord Bion if I offended you, we are grateful for your aid. I truly meant no offense, of course I have known you my whole life and would never believe for a second that you would hurt myself or any of the gods, just so you know.” 
“Please my friend, do not call me lord you know how I feel about that. We are family and although we do not know each other well and you may not remember I helped raise you for a short time, besides that I would like to be your friend and teach you all the things the gods would not have time to.” He smirked patting him on the back. “To tell you the truth I’ve been keeping a close eye on you lately just in case. In my opinion the gods have taken an unhealthy interest in these quests and not all of them are friend to you as you well know.” 
“So I’ve heard.” Muttered Vasos. More to himself than to anyone else. 
“Truthfully, I do not know the full extent of why these quests were issued, Zeus has kept it a closely guarded secret which that alone in my opinion is cause for concern. I will do all I can to find out the truth, though in the meantime I will aid you in your journey and heal your companion.” Bion decided in a tone that left little room for argument as he walked over to Sevrrir who was barely conscious, with a gentle touch Bion lit up the demigods’ forehead with brown energy that flowed through his body healing him instantly. “Now for the aid I will provide, the demigod working in the Norse lands was transported a great distance to help them along their path, so I will do the same for you. Furthermore, I have these bags for you full of supplies that will sustain your entire troop on the rest of the journey. Also, there is a small wood stick among the materials that will light any fire on command, another magic flask much like Sander’s that refills itself with water instead of wine and finally a magic arrow that will kill any animal you hunt for food on the first strike.” Bion stated happily. 
“Generous gifts.” Said Sevrrir rubbing his head like he was still looking for some kind of damage. “I will forever be in your debt great Titan, and forgive my forwardness but thank you for coming here to help us, I have always read and heard about the greatness of the mighty Titans. So despite what happened between them and the gods I have always had respect for them and really truly have wanted to meet any of them.” 
“You are too kind Norseman, your words and disposition both flatter and impress me demigod, I had not thought that the demigods or peoples of other lands were so…respectful or more to the point nonjudgmental to the Greek gods much less the Titans. Your kindness and admiration this day has given me much to think about, thank you for enlightening me and pulling me out of my own foolishness but as for my helping your group, I am nothing special I simply wish to take care of my friends the best that I can.” Smiled Bion reassuringly as he patted Sevrrir on the back a little harder then he needed which made Vasos raise an eyebrow for a second. 
“So how about you take care of us by completing one of the quests for us?” Questioned Sander jokingly already buzzed again. 
“Coward.” Mumbled Sevrrir in anger at the suggestion even coming up. 
“Don’t forget boy that this coward saved your life only minutes ago.” Sander retorted with a wink to infuriate Sevrrir. 
“That’s a really good point little brother not to mention that it’s completely true and beyond your denial since I witnessed it.” Interjected Vasos with a laugh. “Now if both of you ladies are done flirting with each other then shut up we have company, you two can cozy up and figure everything out in bed tonight.” 
Laughing Bion interrupted them. “It’s fine, don’t worry about it Vasos when I’m with you I’m just one of the guys please feel welcomed to be yourselves, speak and act freely as you would among each other uninhibited. That being said by all means if you wish to kiss and make up be my guest, or do whatever it is you two young…ladies do with each other.” He laughed winking at Vasos happily sharing in the joke. Now while you guys do that what say we head out and we can continue this at Argos?” He finished without waiting for a reply as he raised his hands forming a circle of energy that encompassed the entire group and transported them to the gates of the city of Argos in an instant. 
“Wow, now that’s the way to travel!!!” Exclaimed Sander excitedly as he eyed a nearby bar/Inn. So…what do you say we all get a drink and a good night sleep before heading out on our journey tomorrow?” Asked Sander hopefully as he sniffed the different smells of food in the air around them. 
“That sounds great to me but unfortunately I’ve got to be going.” 
Answered Bion truly sad at the thought. “Zeus is summoning me back to Olympus already I can feel it. So for now farewell my brave friends I will be watching should you need my help ever again.” 
“Lord Bion, please before you go there is something I wanted to share with you so you would not wonder about it later.” Sevrrir asked timidly. 
With a sigh and roll of his eyes that only Vasos noticed Bion nodded. “For just a moment Norseman so be quick, Zeus is not one for forgiveness’ when it comes to his demands.” 
“As you wish my lord.” Sevrrir replied eyeing the Titan for a moment picking up on the tone, but shrugging it off he turned towards Sander and slugged him full force in the chin sending him to the ground. “Now we are settle for the disagreement earlier.” He laughed happily looking to Bion whom he expected to find laughing but instead was met with a frown that almost looked tinged with anger. 
“Amusing.” Bion answered after quickly masking his look. “Now unfortunately I need to be going, remember what I said Vasos.” He said firmly before disappearing into the ground. 
“Your hit is like being pawed by a kitten Sevrrir and I’ll tell you what, I’ll concede to your little outburst if you promise to buy the first round.” Sander posed without getting up as he took a drink from his flask. 
With an approving nod at Sander’s way of handling the punch Sevrrir looked to Vasos in question. “What do you say Vasos? Or are you intent on leaving now? In either case I will follow your lead.” 
“I don’t relish the idea of braving the open sea during the night to start our journey, I say we have a good dinner…” Vasos began only to be cut off by Sander. 
“With some drinks!” Added Sander happily. “And better yet the first round is on Sevrrir.” 
“Okay…with some drinks and then a good night sleep.” He answered with a smile at the two of them. 
“Lead the way then Vasos, to food, drink and the start of our journey into the unknown.” Sevrrir said looking over at the massive city as he helped Sander to his feet. 
 
Chapter 16 
 
“That was a great meal Kol maybe you should give up this hero thing and become a cook instead.” Laughed Hallthor as the two of them walked through the small fishing village in the early morning hours. 
“I’m sure I’d make some man very happy.” He joked raising an eyebrow. 
“Wait a minute, that’s not where you were taking this is it?” 
“Sorry to disappoint you buddy but I’m all about the ladies.” Smiled Hallthor. 
“For now.” Kol said changing his voice to sound much more female. 
“Anyway so this is Holt, not much to look at is it?” 
“No it’s really not…wait what?” Hallthor questioned suddenly remembering the first part of what Kol said. “What do you mean for now?” 
Laughing uncontrollably for a minute Kol patted him on the back. “It was just a joke brother that’s all, anyway this may be a small village but it has a comfortable feel to it I think, if you look around everyone seems friendly, calm and happy.” Said Kol waving at passersby until all at once a man flew out of a nearby bar through the door into the street right in front of them. 
“You were saying?” He giggled. “But maybe I was wrong but in any case this does look like my kind of place.” His said pausing only to hear yells from inside the bar. “Yup, definitely my kind of town.” Hallthor agreed as they looked into the bar. 
“Shall we check it out?” Kol questioned listening to the sounds of fighting coming from inside the bar still himself. 
“Good deeds, peace keepers and all of that?” Hallthor wondered as they both began to walk towards the building. 
“No, not really. I wish it was something that noble but really I just wanted to beat up on some jerks.” Kol laughed. 
Thinking for a moment he looked at the bar then back at Kol. “Yeah, okay. I guess I can get on board with that.” He answered with a tinge of hesitation in his voice. 
Together the two of them walked calmly into the dimly lit bar with an air of authority that drew attention to find a young man around their age fending off several others with a trident. His black hair was hanging down slightly over his ocean blue eyes wet from sweat and quite visibly his clothes were ripped in multiple places from sword or knife cuts that penetrated to his skin and left slight crimson marks in their wake. He was about six feet tall and built like all he had done was workout his entire life. His clothes were brown but had lines of deep blue here and there matching his boots and trident perfectly. 
“You’re going to pay for breaking my cart one way or another Greek boy, your gods don’t protect you here.” Grumbled a dirt covered man clearly in charge of the others. 
“I told you it wasn’t my fault ugly.” Snapped the young man. “And if you weren’t too stupid to understand that it would have sunk in by now, by the way I don’t need anyone’s help to take you and your cronies on.” 
“Bold words boy I look forward to making you eat them along with the heel of my boot.” He answered as he spat towards the ground in front of the teenager. 
Flooding the room suddenly came ten more men armed to the teeth intent on ending the life of the young man changing everything. 
“Okay cowards, who dies first?” He questioned bravely looking around the room at all the new enemies. 
“Are you just going to sit here and watch?” Questioned Hypnos appearing at the table sitting next to Hallthor and Kol with a drink in his hand. 
Yawning uncontrollably Kol and Hallthor just stared for a moment as everyone in the bar froze as if time itself had stopped for the moment. 
“By the look of things and the feeling of overwhelming exhaustion I’m guessing you are one of the gods but I am sorry to say I don’t know which one my lord.” Yawned Kol rubbing his eyes as he desperately fought against the urge to sleep. “My most sincere apologies my lord.” 
“Not to worry Kol I am one of the Greek gods, I would not expect you to know us by sight…at least not yet.” He answered yawning himself which effected everyone in the bar making them even more sleepy than they already were. 
“Forgive us none the less my lord.” Hallthor replied half asleep with his head already laying on the table. 
“Again, although I appreciate the sentiment no apologies are necessary. Often times even the Greeks don’t know me, I am Hypnos god of sleep. The young man being attacked wonder is the demigod son of Poseidon, I transported him here but inopportunely I dropped him right on top of that farmers cart over there destroying it a bit, believe it or not the gods do make the occasional mistake themselves. In any case to make a long story short Curios there woke to some pretty angry people, and then one thing led to another there was some fighting and a bit of name calling and then low and behold we are here in this nasty situation. Oh yeah, and did I mention he’s meant to help you on your quest?” Hypnos questioned nearly falling asleep while talking. 
Waking up a bit Kol stared at Hypnos dreamily. “That’s great news, very top shelf.” 
“Yes well you can see that he could use a little help or he may be injured or die and last time I checked that really bad for mortals correct?” Said Hypnos more insistently. 
“That’s wonderful death and injury like a warm blanket, but yes it is bad but sooo good. Just think of all rest we could get if we were dead Kol.” Whispered Hallthor drifting further into sleep. 
“Every time.” He sighed looking at them each in turn. “You think after thousands of years I would remember to block my influences from those I need to speak with.” Hypnos said to himself with a giant yawn of his own making the matter even worse without meaning to, with a little wink in their direction Hypnos robbed them of sleep completely reversing the effects of sleep into insomnia instead. 
“What?” Kol staggered shooting to his feet while at the same time Hallthor jumped up, instantly Kol’s magical staff appeared in his hands and Hallthor grasped his two war hammers pulling them free of their clasps. 
“Relax boys everything is alright, everyone is still frozen in their dreamstates with the exception of you two. Now as I was saying before you both so rudely fell asleep, Curios there is in rather deep trouble and requires your help through no fault of his own, once you dissolve the situation here he will join your company and aid you in the trails ahead.” Repeated Hypnos firmly. “You can help him immediately or watch to gage his skills before he joins you the choice is yours.” With the last word Hypnos dissolved into thin air allowing everything to speed up back to normal. 
“What do you think he will choose?” Questioned Lady Sif, wife of Thor, standing next to Hypnos as the two of them stared into the window of the bar invisible to the mortals around them. 
“I believe he will help, he is nothing like Loki. If he were, I do not believe Thor would have made the choice he did.” Replied Hypnos. “Aside from that I sense no real evil in his heart despite what he has gone through.” 
“I remain unconvinced.” She snapped crossly without meaning to. “Loki’s blood still courses through his veins and that is something that is not only evil but as we have seen with him can be very tricky.”  
“Let us continue to watch and see then and if you are so certain of his inevitable treachery what say you to a small wager?” He replied coolly completely sure of the outcome. 
Raising an eyebrow clearly intrigued Sif used her powers to freeze everyone in the bar the same way Hypnos had done before turning to face him. “And what would the wager be my friend?” 
“If I am right and Kol aids Curios without hesitation then you must give him the benefit of the doubt and not only personally help him one time in these quests but as Thor’s wife you must also embrace Kol as your surrogate son.” He smiled widely showing all his perfect teeth. 
“Even if he was from Thor and a mortal I could not do that! I would not do that! Ever! It’s well known how I feel about mortals let alone a bastard demigod sired by one!” She yelled unable to believe what he purposed. 
“Then you admit that you are not sure about him and he in fact is nothing like Loki and is the stuff of heroes?” Hypnos said slightly giggly hoping to bait her. 
“I am saying nothing of the sort! I’m simply saying the stakes are too high!” She explained throwing her hands in the air in frustration. 
“Not if you are sure of the outcome as I am. Name your stakes anything you deem equal to mine and I will gladly agree.” Hypnos grinned hoping she would go for the deal. 
Silent for a moment Sif’s eye looked up to the sky in thought before a smile of her own crossed her face. “Okay my cocky friend, if you are correct I will do as you ask. However if you are wrong then you will protest and one way or another make sure to adopt not only Kol from my husband but every demigod child he has.” 
Stunned Hypnos stammered for a moment. “But…I…um…there is no way that Thor would ever allow that to happen.”  
“Maybe my husband would not allow it, however the Allfather on the other hand has expressed time and again how he is tired of Thor’s bad children hurting others. He would be all for the change because they would have to leave to live in Greece under your care and my husband will abide by his father’s decisions’. So again I must pose my terms and wonder if you are still so sure of the outcome or do you wish to call off the bet now?” She slightly said with a laugh at his discomfort now the tables had turned. 
Forcing a smile on his face Hypnos held out his hand. “As the Allfather and Father of Olympus as our witnesses I agree to the terms of our agreement, do you?” 
Speechless for a moment at Hypnos reaction and the very real possibility of her losing Sif was unsure for a split second until her Norse pride overtook her common sense and she stuck out her hand grabbing his in a formal shake. “As them and the Fates and Norns as my witnesses I too agree.” 
“Excellent! Then let us see who gets new children this day.” He smiled once again confident. “And if it’s not to bold I’d like to say congratulations mommy on your new child.” With that Hypnos waved his hand nullifying Sif’s power so once again the scene returned to normal. 
“What’s the play Kol this is your party in the end, I’ll follow your lead.” Hallthor commented watching the men circle the young demigod. “Though I will say that I do not relish the idea of a bunch of men beating up on a single person no matter who they are. Or what it is we need to learn.” 
“I think he’s proven himself already by holding his own since before we arrived on the scene and even were he not a demigod or part of this quest like you, I don’t like bullies, twelve against one is hardly fair and helping him immediately is the right thing to do.” Said Kol getting to his feet. “So what do you say that we even the odds a bit? Back away from him!” Yelled Kol getting on top of the table before jumping over the group and landing next to Curios who eyed him suspiciously. 
“You the hell are you?” Demanded one of the men in the group stepping forward ready to attack the new comer. 
Freezing the man in place from the waist down in a block of ice Kol smiled. “I am Kol son of Loki and surrogate son of Thor.” 
The whole building shook with the sound of thunder for a moment as Hallthor’s hammers whizzed through the air slamming into the floor between Kol and the mob with a flash of light. 
“And I am Hallthor son of Thor attack us and our comrade at your own peril!” Hallthor shouted proudly. “Or leave now and we will not follow.” 
Slowly and silently the mob dispersed leaving only the man whose cart was destroyed standing alone. “But this man destroyed my cart and everything I sell!” The man whined. 
“Through no fault of his own, it was the gods that transported him here and dropped him on top of your cart. If you wish complain to them and see if they are as forgiving as we have been.”  Said Hallthor joining the others. 
Anxiously waiting for his reply Hypnos began building power into his hands ready to punish the foolish mortal if he had too. 
“No, I am sorry I did not believe him before, may the gods forgive me and be praised.” He huffed heading for the door. 
“He passed your test Sif.” Said Hypnos powering down. “What do you have to say now?” 
“So he did, and though I remain unconvinced I will abide by the terms of our agreement however you did not specify when I had to fulfill them.” She laughed at thinking of the loophole. “I can wait until the end of his many quests to help him in some way and even then it could simply be advice I give him and as for adopting him as my husband did? Well I can wait until he is on his death bed if I choose and in no way would I be violating our agreement. He may have done the right thing a couple of times now but make no mistake he cannot change who his father is or the fact that he has his blood in him, many a time has Loki fooled us into believing he could be trusted, I will not make that mistake with his child.” She pointed out walking away without waiting for a response. “Give him a chance Sif, I was well aware of how you could work around my proposal but I had hoped you would show the same kind of character they just did.” He said softly in disappointment. 
Stopping and looking back at the other god anger flared in Sif’s eyes for a moment before the words spoke to her. “One chance, that’s all he gets. I will test him personally and if he passes I will immediately abide by the terms of the bet. If he fails I will make sure that he is a threat to no one.” She said vanishing without another word. 
“Stay good Kol, I and many others have faith in you.” Whispered Hypnos disappearing himself with one last look at him through the window. 
“That went well.” Hallthor said cheerfully walking up to the bar. 
“Better than I hoped, now for formal introductions. As you no doubt heard I am Kol son of Loki and Thor and this is Hallthor son of Thor.” Stated Kol shaking Curios’ hand. “I trust you have been informed of us by the gods already.” 
“I have, thank you both for your aid, you’ve no idea how difficult it was to fend them off without really hurting any of them.” He smiled shaking his hand heartily. “I am in both of your debts, and as you also no doubt know I am Curios son of Poseidon. Any aid I can give you on your journey will be yours.” 
“We will be better off for the aid my friend, especially since we have to travel by water for the next leg of our journey, hopefully having the son of an ocean god will bring us some good luck.” Prayed Hallthor. 
“I can do more than just luck, I have spent all my time mastering my power over water, storms and earthquakes, and I can cut the time at sea in half with ease. Plus any creatures from my father or his domain I can communicate with and on occasion control.” He smiled confidently. 
“With you two by my side I believe we have a real chance to complete these quests with little resistance and I don’t mind saying that for the first time in my life I don’t feel alone.” Kol said happily throwing his arms around their shoulders leading them to the bar. 
“I’m glad my friend and trust me you are not alone.” Smiled Curios taking a drink as they all sat at the bar together. “If you don’t mind me asking though how it is that you are a son of both Loki and Thor? From what we Greeks understand Loki and Thor are enemies.” 
“Yeah what’s the deal with that?” Questioned Hallthor. 
Frowning at the thought Kol turned to Hallthor. “Understand my friend that I would never wrong you if I could help it so please don’t judge me too harshly for what I am about to tell you. Everything started when I was still very young, in the city where I grew up lived a demigod named Ragnar.” 
“What!?” Yelled Hallthor shooting to his feet. “It’s you! You’re the one who killed Ragnar?!” 
Kol closed his eyes while slightly nodding his head waiting for any punishment Hallthor might dish out for the killing of his brother. 
“Who’s Ragnar?” Asked Curios surprised at Hallthor’s behavior as he stood up off of his bar stool. 
Looking past Kol to Curios, Hallthor answered. “Ragnar was my halfbrother, another demigod son of Thor from a different mother, he along with his older brother Calder and I were raised together for a few years before our father separated us. Recently he was killed by another demigod but my father wouldn’t tell me who it was and now I find out it was Kol.” 
“Yikes, well this is clearly none of my business, you boys go ahead and handle your family...issues and I’ll be right here drinking. I would like to remind you Hallthor that the gods have given Kol this quest and our mission is to aid him not kill him.” Said Curios turning towards the bar again and focusing on his drink. 
Ignoring everything Curios just said Hallthor stood next to Kol who was still sitting face the bar with his head down simply staring at his drink. “Look at me Kol.” Demanded Hallthor. “Look at me!!” 
Slowly turning towards him sorrowfully Kol looked into the other man’s eyes silently unable to bring himself to say anything.  
“Now, no games, excuses or puns, tell me truthfully Kol, were you the one that killed Ragnar?” He asked intently staring at him with an unreadable expression. 
“It’s true, but before you judge me for this crime against you hear me out, Ragnar was…” Kol began before Hallthor stunned him into silence with what he did next. 
Surprising both Kol and Curios, Hallthor strongly pulled Kol into a giant hug. “He was an evil creature from the depths of hell, thank the gods someone finally removed that blight from the face of the Earth!” He finished for him. 
“What?” Questioned Kol clearly baffled. 
“Yeah say again.” Insisted Curios turning back towards them fully having listened the whole time. 
“Ragnar and Calder used to nearly beat me to death daily when we were growing up, they constantly tortured and tormented me in every way they could think of because I had a different mother, and they would ridicule me and say that I was weak and undeserving to be a child of Thor’s. Finally my father came and trained me himself before leaving me with a good family to help raise me, for my last birthday he gave me the two war hammers as a present. They allow me to fly and come to me with a thought, as well as conjure lightning.” 
“That’s nice but…I mean…you’re not angry with me?” He asked completely baffled still. 
“Hell no, I wanted to kill them both myself but my father, sorry our father forbade me to fight them.” Hallthor explained a little teary eyed. 
“That’s such a relief, I was worried you were going to hate me.” Kol breathed with a sigh of relief. 
“So how did it happen that you killed him? I assume you didn’t go after him with the intent to kill him, I don’t get that sense from you.” Questioned Curios interested in the whole thing. 
“Well, back in Skaalholt where I’m from, Calder runs a group of warriors who force everyone to pay them money. They kill without cause and take anything they want including women and children as slaves. Ragnar was doing the same thing to all the teenagers and kids in the city learning to be like his brother so he could join him when he came of age. For the longest time I paid along with everyone else, because I didn’t have my abilities and I wasn’t good at fighting especially against someone like Ragnar. Then one day I didn’t wake up in time for his diminutive meeting and that when everything changed. Well anyway, to make a long story short he found me and starting beating me up, in fact he was intent on raping me. I fought back and in the ensuing battle he was killed accidently.” Kol explained quickly feeling more uncomfortable then anything. 
“No one would fault you for defending yourself in such a manner, but it still doesn’t explain how you became an adopted son of the god whose child you killed, in my experience the gods aren’t so forgiving. Maybe it’s different in the Norse lands than it is in the Greece ones.” Stated Curios taking a drink from a nearby glass. 
“I offered my life in exchange for the one I took, our father could have done anything he chose with it but instead Thor accepted and allowed me to live on the terms that I listen to him and treat him as a father.” He answered happily. 
“This is too great. One of those jerks is dead and gone and I get a better brother! Gods above be praised!” Hallthor yelled happily clanging a glass against Curios’. 
“I never had any family growing up, my mother died in child birth and I moved from place to place scrounging for food anywhere I could, I didn’t even find out I was a demigod until a month ago when I fell off a ship I was hiding on into the ocean and was able to breathe underwater. Being around you both though I finally have a sense of what having a family would be like.” Said Curios thoughtfully. “Maybe one day I’ll have it for real.” 
“I can’t speak for Kol but from this day forth my friend you can count me as a brother, I will hence forth protect you and fight by your side as all the gods as my witnesses as you were my blood. I am now and always shall be your family.” Smiled Hallthor slamming his fifth shot. 
Before Curios could respond Kol exclaimed. “I agree. I am your brother as well, you are my family and I yours, we have all gone without for much too long and with both of us as your brothers who knows maybe Thor will adopt you too. May the gods take stock of this and bind me too it from hence on.” 
Welling up a little bit Curios pulled them both into a massive hug. “Thank you my brothers, I too am your family and I pledge my life to you both here and now and should either of you ever need I will give my life for yours.” Curious said loudly before slamming a shot himself. 
“To our family and the success of our quests!” Shouted Kol raising his glass in a salute. 
The others excitedly joined in the toast heartily laughing and joking with one another while they talked about what they would do once the quest was over and their various hopes and dreams. Together their bond grew as they celebrated long into the night unaware that at that moment forces were already moving against them as they were being watched. 
“Enjoy your happiness for now boys because tonight I will rob you of your hope and courage once and for all.” Hissed a sinister woman. 
 
Chapter 17 
 
Vasos tried to look like he knew where he was going even though it was the first time he had laid eyes on the city but the truth was winging it and he had no idea. The massive city they were in was built into the alcove side of a mountain which led right to the water that was dotted with more ships than he had ever seen before. Around the city rested a twenty foot high wall protecting its interior from invaders, as for the inside itself though it was building after building, built so close together you could reach out one window and high five your neighbor if you wished, each building was strong and sturdily built from stone designed to last throughout the ages, but the most breath taking sight was the massive palace that sat at the top of the mountain. Shining radiantly in the afternoon sun Vasos could tell that it was at least thirty or forty feet high and easily the width of fifty feet, colors vibrantly painted splashed all over in beautiful designs which decorated the outside of the structure showing such attention to detail that you couldn’t help but look at them. 
As the trio walked further into the city Vasos noticed that a guard was following them at a distance trying to remain inconspicuous. 
“It looks like we have some company.” He whispered to the others with turning around to show them who he meant. 
“The guard?” Questioned Sevrrir without turning around. 
“Yes, and three guards just appeared in the path up ahead.” Pointed out Sander with a yawn like he didn’t really care even though he had already noticed as well. 
“What’s the plan?” Questioned Sevrrir. 
“We stick to our plan and get some food, drink and rest. After all, we’ve done nothing wrong.” Said Vasos with a shrug if they should desire a problem then we shall show them the error of their ways. 
“You’re absolutely right we’ve done nothing wrong.” Pointed Sander at himself than Sevrrir. “You on the other hand are wanted for murdering Icterus.” 
“What?” Questioned Sevrrir stopping in his tracks. “You murdered someone?” 
“It wasn’t murder, it was vengeance, that slimy coward jumped me with several others nearly killing me, when I was well enough I fought him in single combat and killed him. After he was defeated his little gang came after me who included the head of the royal guard, so I fled before they could catch me, they went back to the palace and convinced everyone that it was murder inside of telling everyone the truth. Then I was given this quest as penance and here I am, never was it murder.” Vasos explained quickly urging Sevrrir to continue walking. 
“Tell them that.” Replied Sander as the guards closed in on them. 
“I will, but if they try to take me do not interfere. I will not have you both pursued as wanted men on my account. Depending on what they do, if I fight, meet me at dawn on the dock from there we will flee together, understood?” He questioned rhetorically. 
They both reluctantly nodded their heads in agreement as the guards surrounded them. 
“Vasos demigod son of Aphrodite you will come with us right now.” Demanded the captain in charge stepping forward. 
“And if I refuse?” Inquired Vasos placing his hand on his weapon putting them all on guard. 
All ten of the soldiers quickly leveled their spears at the three of them in response. “I’ll have to insist on it.” 
“You’re pushing your luck captain.” Growled Sevrrir as his claws begin forming on his nails completely forgetting what he had agreed to a moment earlier. 
“No one asked your opinion boy.” Snapped another soldier leveling his sword towards Sevrrir in answer. 
“And if you don’t stop threatening my friends I’ll personally see to it that you all take a ride with the ferry man across the river styx tonight.” Yelled Vasos drawing his weapon and forcing them all to take a step backwards. “Enough!” Bellowed a voice over the crowd behind the soldiers. 
Quickly the soldiers parted to the side reveling the King walking towards them with his personal body guard. He was finely dressed in flowing golden robes and sitting on top of his salt and pepper hair was a small circlet of gold. Standing at just over six feet and barrel chested Vasos could tell that at one point he must have been a force to be reckoned with but now his brown eyes reveled a kind of sadness instead of the passionate fury of a warrior. 
“I am sorry for the misunderstanding young demigod, when word reached me that you were in my city I just had to meet you, my guards were meant to find you and extend to you an invitation to the palace, not threaten your life or those of your comrades. Forgive them if they got a little pushy but already word has spread of your deeds and fighting prowess, they were merely being cautious. Now if you would be so kind, please forgive my men and join me for dinner, I have a little favor to ask of you.” Smiled the king reassuringly. 
“I can understand prudence on the part of your soldiers your majesty but the way that they were acting is far beyond simple caution, their attitudes are more akin to jealousy and pettiness.” Vasos began as he described the altercation in detail. 
When he had finished the King frowned looking more ashamed than anything else at the behavior of his men. “My apologies Vasos, some of my men do not trust demigods and others are simply looking to make a name for themselves. In either case though they should have abided by my orders and as such they must be punished for their transgressions against both of us. I will see that it is done.” Explained the King somberly clearly not wanting to punish his men. 
“Your majesty if I might say something more?” Vasos questioned. 
“Yes.” Sighed the King. 
“What of my friends? May they accompany me?” Asked Vasos putting away his sword. 
“They are welcome to come as well but they must have dinner separately while we converse.” Reassured the king with his minor stipulation. 
“We accept to those terms my liege.” Agreed Vasos nodding at the others to follow his lead. 
Amid the angry stares of the soldiers that had threatened them Vasos and the others followed the King and his personal guard as they walked towards the palace turning heads as they went, people stopped their shopping and whispered into one another’s ears commenting on who the strangers were and why they were being escorted to the palace spreading all kinds of rumors like wild fire. 
Leaning over to Vasos and whispering in his ear Sander questioned the wisdom of his decision. “Are you sure this was the wisest course of action? I mean right now we should be drunk and on our way to a nice comfortable bed.” 
“I can’t believe I agree with the wino but I was wondering the same thing, maybe we should have relaxed and formulated a plan in case something goes wrong.” Added Sevrrir leaning forward himself. 
“I had a fleating thought on the same thing but had we refused things might have gone sour quickly for one, and two it would have sowed more mistrust and doubt in us on among the king and thus his people. This was and still is the only logical course of action, don’t dread though little ladies it will be ok, but just in case take in everything you see on the way to the palace and once we are there make sure to come up with escape roots based on your observations. If things go south you already know where and when to meet.” He whispered back. “They don’t seem to know that you too are demigods so we have that advantage, if attacked we will have the benefit of surprise.” 
“Is everything alright?” Questioned the captain of the guard looking back at them suspiciously. “You know we have a saying here, secrets don’t make friends.” 
“Then it is fortunate for us that we aren’t looking to make any new friends, however what we were speaking about is no secret, we merely wished to be respectful to the king and not be loud so everything is fine.” Replied Vasos evenly meeting the man’s piercing gaze with his own. “My comrades were just telling me how hungry they are and how privileged we are to be able to not only meet the king of these lands but also to have dinner with him.” 
“I see…” The captain said with a slight eye roll clearly not believing them but letting it go for the time being. 
From then on the rest of the time was spent taking in everything around them and asking questions in the guise of interested tourists. After a little while the group arrived at the palace, the inside of it was even more gorgeous than the outside, the splendor of the place took all of their breath away from its wondrous glory. The halls were painted a beautiful gold that faded into a yellow and then back again, also every ten feet or so were beautiful tapestries decorating the walls. The furniture was oak with diamonds and other precious jewels inlaid with gold weaving in intricate patterns on the sides and down the legs. Every piece of fabric was vivacious with colors and made from the finest materials of the known world. 
Noticing their stares the King beamed with pride. “Do you like it? My humble home that is.” 
“It’s amazing.” Answered Sevrrir first truly awed and humbled by the palace. “Never before have I seen such a collection of beautiful things.” 
“Thank you young man, I have worked long and hard to acquire everything I have. It warms my heart when anyone appreciates it but where are my manners? I’m sure that you are all weary from your journey, my attendants will take you all somewhere so you can bathe before dinner.” Explained the king turning somber again. 
“You are very gracious king…?” Asked Vasos politely a little embarrassed at his lack of knowledge. 
“Relious.” He answered heading down the hall without looking back at them, I will join you later for dinner my young friends but in the meantime please follow my assistant to the bathing room. 
With a shrug Vasos and the others walked down the large hall following the attendant in silence until they came to a large room with a bath the size of a swimming pool. 
Facing them the attendant showcased the large bath while speaking. “You may all bathe separately or together the bath is more than large enough to accommodate all of you at once comfortably, the choice is yours. “ She explained beginning to strip herself. 
“What are you doing?” Questioned Sander clearly surprised but not looking away. 
“Preparing to bathe you my lord, it is part of my duties at the palace to bathe people, and should you wish to take me as yours for that time you have that option as well, do you not find me attractive?” She questioned timidly as she allowed the rest of her robes to fall from her perfect body. “You are perfect and if it’s part of your duties here well then who am I to say no?” He said at nearly a whisper clearly embarrassed but eager as he began to strip. 
Smiling, the young lady walked over to help him undress when to her surprise Vasos walked between them stopping her before she could reach him. 
“As much as I would love you to bathe me and my friends, and believe me I really, really would, we do not require any…help for the time being. After I am done you can meet me in my room to help me dress.” He said picking up her clothes and handing them to her. 
Watching her the whole way as she walked out Sander couldn’t help but mope as he lowered himself into the water. 
“Did she really have to go or was it that you didn’t want to share her with us?” Questioned Sander dunking his head under the water for a second as he waited for the answer. 
“Don’t be so daft Sander, the woman had to leave so we could speak freely. Even with her gone I’m sure the walls still have ears.” Sevrrir answered for Vasos as he stripped down entering the water himself. “Isn’t that correct Vasos?” 
Completely focused Vasos stepped into the water himself before answering. “Yes that’s correct and I need you to insure that it is safe to speak and no other ears are around to listen in as you fear, reach out with your senses and find out if anyone else is watching or listening.” 
Nodding his head in agreement Sevrrir focused his senses as he looked around the room slowly, as he scanned everything his god like senses reached far beyond the doors, windows and walls of the room they were in until he was content that they were free to speak without fear of being overheard. 
“The room is secure…for now.” He confirmed relaxing more in the bath. “Good, now I don’t know what it is the king wishes of me but I don’t like this situation in the least.” Vasos began with a sigh at the thought. 
“What’s to like? I mean despite the kings kind demeanor I seriously doubt that we are little more than prisoners.” Sevrrir noted with caution. 
“I had the same feeling, unfortunately I am sure that whatever he wishes to speak to me about does not bode well for me, be ready to flee this place at a moment’s notice if need be. My plan is that after I go to see the king I will come back to discuss our plans and what it is he requests of me, nothing should hinder me from meeting you so if you have not heard from me by morning flee this place and do as we previously discussed and meet me at the dock. Under no circumstances should you fight the guard or look for me.” Vasos decided solemnly. 
“I don’t like the idea of just letting you go off and do this on your own, I mean if you die I’ll actually have to work a little to get back home. So that being said how long should we wait there at the docks before we start drinking to commemorate your memory?” Questioned Sander. 
“Till he shows up of course, we don’t leave any of our people behind, even you Sander.” Snapped Sevrrir. “And if he doesn’t show up by the end of the day despite what you want Vasos I will find out what became of you, and Sander will help me won’t you Sander?” 
“No Sander will not.” Sander protested halfheartedly as he began to fall asleep in the relaxing bath. “Sander will be drunk.” 
“No as leader of this quest I forbid you to do that, I will not risk either of you getting hurt here besides we’ve got the quests to think about. If at the end of the day I am not there to meet you, find a ship and sail to Melos without me, trust me when I say that one way or another I will survive and I will meet you there.” Vasos decided leaving no room for debate. “Now let us finish our bath and adjourn to our rooms, on the way I will make sure that the king sends someone to both of you so they may help you dress.” He smiled. 
Later that night Vasos stared at the large comfortable bed in his room happily as he watched the servant girl sleep for a moment longer before he threw on his clothes which were freshly cleaned for him by the staff. Heading out of his room Vasos couldn’t help but whistle with a little hop in his step after his fun time with the girl and the freshly washed clothes, it seemed like it had been forever since he had a great meal, good bath and pleasure of a beautiful woman in a luxurious bed. As he entered the dining hall he was just in time to see his two friends led into the room by another servant but he didn’t have a chance to talk with them because quickly the servant hustled them off into an adjacent room next to the dining hall where he was waiting for the king. Sevrrir and Sander looked up at him with slight smiles that were only hindered by the fact that they couldn’t directly speak with him, unfortunately the most he could do was share a look confirming that they were okay and somehow he sensed that their nights had been equally as fulfilling as his was which gave him a sense of relief for the moment. 
“Please sit.” Smiled King Relious entering the room shortly after the others left. “I realize that this must all seem very strange and I would like to put any of your fears to rest so is there anything I can do for you?” 
“No offense my lord but how about you cut to the chase and just tell me what you would ask of me? I have been charged with quests from the gods and already this has delayed my progress and I don’t know about you but I don’t think we should anger them.” Questioned Vasos getting to the point bluntly. 
“Indeed not, you are very direct, a trait that is often not found these days least of all in youth and especially when speaking to me, I respect that so I shall do the same. I need you to help steal a young woman for me and then make her fall in love with me using your powers.” The King stated frankly as he sat at the table to begin eating the massive breakfast laid out for them like there was nothing wrong with the strange request. 
Of all the things that the King might have requested Vasos was not prepared for that one, as such in took him completely by surprise stunning him into silence as he replayed the request in his head a few times, the kings wish seemed so incredulous that all he could do is stare at him for a moment with his mouth gapping unable to believe what the man was asking. This man, this king wanted to forget morality and desired for Vasos to do the same as he would be required to make someone’s freewill disappear subsequently making her a slave without her even knowing it. Not to mention that he would have to kidnap this individual as well. 
Sensing his hesitation the king quickly spoke again before Vasos could respond in anyway. “Before you say anything you should know that I am well aware that the children of Aphrodite can siren speak forcing people to do their will, I know this because I have caught many if not all of your siblings, regrettably each one of them was…unwilling to cooperate and forced my hand in a very unpleasant manner. Also you should know that at this very moment my men are apprehending your friends and they will have a very nice stay in my dungeon until you complete this task that I set you.” 
“That was a mistake.” Vasos smiled at the comment which instantly got him over his shock as he began eating the food himself, a reaction that baffled the king.  
“And why pray tell would you think it was a mistake? Tell me what is it you have to smile about? The fact that you are my prisoners? Or maybe it’s that I’ve killed so maybe of your siblings? As if on cue to a wellrehearsed play noise echoed through the hall from the next room giving answer to the king without Vasos having to a say anything, standing abruptly the king shot Vasos a dirty look that was mixed with a tinge of fear as he stomped over to the door flinging it open to find fifteen of his best guards running around on all fours and barking like dogs. 
“Did you really believe we wouldn’t be prepared for some sort of treachery your majesty?” Vasos questioned still sitting at the table. “I will not have any leverage held over me. Now you will let me go.” 
“Your siren speak will not work on me or any of my soldiers while you were in the bath we took a special potion that makes us immune to your powers and as you have left your weapon in the room there is nothing you can do but be our prisoner.” He laughed evilly as ten soldiers flooded into the room surrounding Vasos. 
Pushing his seat away from the table Vasos stood up clam and evenly looking at each one of the soldiers in turn. “I give to the option to leave now, if you don’t leave I will be forced to hurt you, decide quickly while you still can.” 
“Do not fear him, there is nothing he can do! Take him down but keep him alive, he will do what I want or he shall endure pain be measure!” Demanded the king. 
Waiting for another minute Vasos just stared at them as slowly they entire group closed the circle they had formed around him. “I see you are all too foolish to do the right thing, you have made your choice so do not plea for mercy after this moment for you shall receive none.” 
Swiftly he jumps into the air all the way up to where he nearly touched the ceiling thirty feet above them, as he fell back towards the floor Vasos used the pull of gravity in conjunction with his great strength placing all of his force into a single punch that hit the floor so hard it shook the palace so violently that every single one of the soldiers lost their footing and fell down hit with a wave of debris from the shattered floor where Vasos had landed with the force of a meteor striking the Earth. Using the chaos to his advantage Vasos stretched out his hand patiently waiting until with a mighty boom his axe flew through the wall into his hand. 
“Now little tin king we will discuss a new proposal.” Said Vasos standing over Relious. “And aside from what I will demand I must wonder if it is I that will be charged with avenging my siblings that have fallen at your hands or if my mother will want to take that pleasure for herself.” 
 
Chapter 18 
 
The drinking lasted far into the night, longer than Kol had planned but it was worth it. The three of them were bonded in friendship and family now with a sense of purpose when it came to not only the quest but in life itself. Kol had never been close to anyone in his life before and now that he had people in his life that he cared for it somewhat bothered him. He wouldn’t allow any harm to come to the new brothers if he could help it at all and there in laid the problem, any enemy could exploit this vulnerability and use it against him, it was a weakness that made him very anxious because he knew that he would give his life for theirs if it came to it. With that realization he knew that life was going to be much more dangerous for him from now on but even though he had worries about what would happen next he wouldn’t change it for the world. In the end there was something in his life that he didn’t even know he had wanted he finally had a real family. 
Walking into their room Kol couldn’t help but smile while looking at the other two demigods. They were sprawled out in awkward positions on the floor, clearly they had tried to make it to the beds but were unsuccessful. The funniest part was that they had ended up with their legs intertwined like the reason that they hadn’t reached the bed was because they tripped over one another. He laughed for a moment at the sight taking a mental picture before flopping down on one of the beds himself, as he laid in the soft sheet he yawned once before he was overtaken by sleep in less than a minute with his mind gratefully drifting into dreams. 
A cackling laugh shattered the silence of the room for a moment as an eerie shadow begins to emerge from the walls without waking the three heroes from their enchanted sleep. Moments later a five foot two woman stepped into the dim moonlit room, she had pure black eyes and ghostly ash white skin that gave her an overall ghostly look. Her brown hair was messy and tangled sticking out in multiple directions like she had just walked through a tornado. Like a predator she slowly took stock as she looked around the room at each of the three men for a moment. Creepily as she inspected each of them her mouth broke into a smile reveling two fangs that protruded further than the others and dripped slimy green drool down the sides of her mouth. Slowly she moved forward allowing her claw like nails that glimmered in the moonlight to hover just above them as she drew ever closer to the middle of the room to enact her fiendish plan. Reaching a spot that placed her in equal distance to each of them she looked from one two another, had anyone seen the sight from outside the room easily they would have thought that a ghost had come for the heroes, eerily her pure white shirt and shorts hung loosely on her body and rippled in the breeze from the window from time to time. 
“Which one of you will be first?” She questioned in a tone that could only be described as a hiss. “Perhaps it would be best to start with the pure hearted son of Thor. We shall see if you are as strong and moral as your father.” 
Half walking and half floating the creature approached Hallthor until standing over him she flipped him onto his back she used her powers to keep him asleep as she straddled his body. Once there she rubbed his chest for a moment while licking her lips before the hag of a woman leaned down to his face and breathed a white fog from her mouth which took on a life of its own a snaked around until it forced its way into his nose and mouth. For a moment Hallthor moved around in his sleep as if he was trying to escape but the woman held him firm breathing more fog into his mouth as she involuntary made him kiss her. 
In Hallthor’s dreams he is well respected and loved by everyone in Midgard and Asgard alike, proudly he stood in the hall of his fathers the great hall known as Bilskirnir. Thor stood off to the side beaming with pride as he and Kol walked down the aisle way with all of the people cheering vigorously, this without a doubt was the day he had been waiting for. Throughout the past years he, with the help of his adopted brother, had become the most famous demigod in all the worlds. Time and again they have defeated monsters and threats allowing them to save both Midgard and Asgard among other worlds. Now finally his day had come, today was the day that both he and Kol would be made immortal in the hall of their father, finally they would be full Asgardians and if that weren’t enough today he would also be crowned king, his father had chosen to pass on the throne and given it to him for all of his deeds. 
Standing at the back of the crowd silently staring was the woman from the room in real life, as she watched the ceremony her body shifted and changed shape until she was the perfect clone of Calder. 
“Hallthor my son, hero known through Midgard and Asgard alike, today is a special day for both you and my adopted child Kol. Step forward and hand me your hammers.” Boomed Thor silencing the room. 
“My hammers?” Questioned Hallthor hesitantly looking at Kol who shrugged unsure of what was happening himself. 
“Are you questioning what I say?” Thor queried with a bit of irritation entering his voice. 
“No father.” He answered quickly handing over his weapons. 
Grabbing the hammers Thor turned forcing them to disappear into thin air. “Good, now everything is almost as it should be. First off Kol, you have been part of my children for a great many years now fighting side by side with Hallthor. You have supported him throughout his journey and shown who you truly are.” 
Beaming from the praise Kol began to bow but before he could complete it a sword pierced his back exiting through his chest, as he died Kol couldn’t help but just stare down at the blade in horror before making one last look to Hallthor and Thor. “Why Father?” 
Hallthor turned at the question to freeze in complete shock when he saw Calder ramming the sword deeper with a laugh, anger swelled in his chest but before he could do anything Thor’s hammer flew around to the front of him ramming into his chest knocking him to the ground breathless. 
“Why father?” Hallthor questioned over the cheering of the crowd as he looked back at Thor who stood over him with an evil smile. 
“Why? That’s simple because Kol is a useless child of Loki, I never did care for him I was merely biding my time until the time was right. I used both Kol and yourself for my own ends and those of my favored children, I had originally hoped you would die on one of the quests I sent you on but alas you two had a bad habit of surviving. In the end though it was for the best, the satisfaction of watching Kol die in front of me was much more enjoyable. As for you Hallthor you have always been a disappointment to me choosing this filth over your blood while bad mouthing them, it was not Calder and Ragnar that chose to beat and torture you it was I that ordered them to, I had hoped it would toughen you to be strong like me in battle but you instead remained weak like Kol. You were a mistake something I never wanted and cursed the day you came into this world it was Odin that forced me to accept you but now he is dead and I am king, now I can invade the other realms without the old man’s interference starting with Midgard. Now that the tasks I needed have been fulfilled and you idiotic children have removed my enemies are dead I can do with you what I always wanted, guards take him.” 
In a rush the warriors three and lady Sif surround and beat Hallthor so badly that he knew even if he survived he’d never be the same but that was nothing compared to the pain in his heart at the loss of his brother and betrayal of his father. 
“Bind him.” Thor laughed as he watched. “Now Calder my favored son step forward.” 
Calder proudly walked past Hallthor spitting in his face as he did while the assembly cheered louder. “Yes father?” 
“Favored son of Asgard from this day forth you will not only become a full immortal Asgardian but also I will step aside and will you become king while I lead the armies to war, now by the power granted to me by my father and his ancestors back to the beginning I Thor son of Odin bestow upon you the gifts I have aforementioned.” Thor thundered causing lightning and thunder to strike until it several came together and struck Calder. The hall shook and filled with a brilliant light as Calder was transformed into an immortal and crowned king destroying Hallthor’s heart even further. 
“And now for you Hallthor, I proclaim that from this day forth you shall remain in prisoned and tortured as Calder’s slave until the day your mortal life ends at which time you will be sent straight to Helheim.” 
“No!” Screamed Hallthor struggling and crying as he tried vainly to move. 
Hallthor’s body shook violently in his sleep but the woman held him firm until his eyes shot open and immediately rolled back into his head as his body went limp trapped in his own mind. 
“One down and two to go.” She larked confidently as she headed over to 
Curios. “It’s your turn little Greek.” 
Sitting on his waist she again leaned down to his head performing the same actions as she did with Hallthor until she entered his mind. 
Curios had finally done it, he finally performed enough heroic deeds that his father noticed him, he wasn’t the invisible son any longer. He was welcomed to the deep ocean kingdom and crowned prince of the realm, Triton was to be king but he didn’t care about that he and his brother had instantly got along and loved each other, now all he wanted to do is be with his family, to be accepted. With the help of Kol and Hallthor he finally achieved what he had dreamed for so long. 
Though he was happy at times he missed his adopted brothers but he had too many responsibilities now that he couldn’t avoid, in his heart he was sure that he would see them again someday and when he did they would be amazed and proud of him. Unfortunately now wasn’t the time to ask about them visiting, his father had been stressed lately fighting a war with someone or another but he had been kept out of it. His father didn’t want to risk his life and although he was over joyed at his father’s concern for him he desperately wanted to help, it felt it was his responsibility to protect the ones he loved no matter what the danger. 
“Dearest son, I know you have been unhappy with my decision to let you help me in the war I have been fighting but do not fret for you too will play a part in my plans.” Poseidon assured as he entered the room.  
“I understand your reasoning father and I accept it, but if you ever need me to do anything father all you have to do is ask for I am both ready and willing.” Replied Curios giving Poseidon a warm hug. 
“I’m glad you said that son, as it so happens there is something that I need you to help me with, if you do this for me my son I will know without a doubt where your heart truly lies.” He responded pulling out of the hug and looking him in the eyes. 
“Anything father.” He smiled happily meeting his gaze. 
“Good come with me my son.” He said leading Curios through the underwater palace halls to an area he hadn’t been often. 
As he walked side by side with his father, Curios couldn’t help but let his mind wonder conjuring images and thoughts of what he could possibly be asked to do and the rewards that will follow. 
Finally after a long walk they entered into a large room filled with so many people Curios started to feel a little intimidated, among the crowd were his stepmother and half-brother Triton, the captain of the guard and all of the honor guard were there as well. Also standing among the crowd were many of the underwater kingdoms people and even some visiting gods from Olympus all of which were staring directly at him. 
“Good evening everyone, are we ready?” Questioned Poseidon sitting in his throne chair as he motioned Curios to sit next to him. “Today is the day I show you all the strength and loyalty of my family.” 
“We are ready and waiting my lord.” Replied Triton proudly before motioning to Curios. “Today my brother solidifies his place among us and shows the enemy our resolve.”  
“Good then let us begin.” With a wave of his hand an air bubble appeared in the middle of the table that stood in the mist of the people. 
Shining for a moment it suddenly came alive with the image of Thor. 
“What is the meaning of this?” Demanded Thor angrily. “You have gone too far Poseidon I thought we had an accord.”  
“And so we did but this is war and you have left me little choice so now I call for your surrender Thor, if you don’t immediately agree to this I will take something from you that will forever scar you.” Answered Poseidon coolly. 
Leaning over to Triton while his father talked with Thor, Curios voiced the growing question and worry in his heart. “I thought the Norse gods were our allies?” 
“They were but then the mortals that follow them and the mortals that follow us began to war, the gods came to their defense and the war started. There have been many losses on both sides and it’s now too late for a peaceful solution.” Replied Triton curtly. “Now be quiet and pay attention.” 
Looking back at the conversation Curios was stunned at the news he just heard. 
“Then let what happens now be on your head Thor!” Poseidon yelled slamming his fist on the table. “Curios come forward!” 
Slowly Curios came to the head of the table standing next to his father with all eyes watching him closely. 
“Bring in the prisoners!” Yelled Poseidon without skipping a beat. 
Right away another door opened reveling two men encased in chains being dragged into the room. When the prisoners looked up battered and beaten to his horror it was his surrogate brothers Kol and Hallthor. 
“Is your answer still no Thor? Are you willing to sacrifice your sons over the mortals that started this war?” Questioned Poseidon clearly amused at the situation. 
“You have gone too far, we promised to keep our children out of this because of the bound they forged on the quests and you would go back on your word?!” Yelled Thor so forcefully the bubble shook. 
“Then you still remain stubborn, if you would have withdrew from this war this would be over already but you remain foolish, so be it! Curios, prove yourself to me and kill the prisoners.” He screeched. 
Grabbing his trident in his hand Curios miserably walked up facing the two men sorrowfully. 
“We are brothers Curios…” Began Kol. 
“I know.” He replied beginning to cry. 
“Let me finish, we are brothers and both myself and Hallthor have agreed, we knew that you’d be forced to make this decision and as such we release you from any guilt or fault, do what you must my brother for your family and your life here. We both wish you only the best and love you.” Explained Kol. 
“Goodbye brother, make us proud in the future and help bring this war to an end.” Added Hallthor lowering his head. 
“These heroes have more honor than their wretched father, they have released you now do it boy or you will forever be banished from my sight!” Demanded Poseidon slamming his fist on the table as he watched the exchange. 
“I’m sorry.” Whispered Curios stabbing Kol in the chest quickly followed by Hallthor. 
“NOOOOO!” Shrieked Thor in terror watching the killing. 
“Mark my words you will pay for this Poseidon, if your son could so easily betray those that he lived with and fought beside how loyal do you think he really is? One far off day he will betray you!” He warned disappearing from view. 
“You did what I asked Curios and for that I am thankful because of the binding agreement I could not kill them myself, and I knew that the killing would hurt Thor more if it came from you. Unfortunately he is right, you easily betrayed the men whom you were close to both of whom were good men. There is something missing inside you my child and that is a risk I cannot take, from this day forth you will be transformed into a regular mortal, you will be forever removed from this life and family maybe one far off day you can prove yourself once again worthy of my love. Until such time as this war is over though you will remain in prisoned here, I will not have the enemy capture you and revel secrets of this place and I cannot take the risk of you betraying me. Take him away.” Stated Poseidon with a sigh. 
“Father please don’t do this, I would never betray you! I didn’t even want to kill them. The betrayal broke my heart and destroyed me inside, I only did it because you left me no choice.” Howled Curios as he was dragged away. 
The scene faded around Poseidon as the form changed into the hag for a moment before fading leaving only the prison trapping Curios. Returning to the real world again the woman snickered holding Curios in place as is body shook for a moment before going limp matching Hallthor’s reaction exactly. 
“Aren’t you done yet?” Stressed another voice in the room. 
Turning abruptly, the haggish lady stares in fear for a moment before bowing stiffly. “Lady Sigyn to what do I owe this honor?” 
“Spare me the formalities Juntas, have you finished trapping the demigods in their minds or not?” She growled standing over Kol’s sleeping body. 
“I have finished with Hallthor and Curios, only Kol is left.” She answered ignoring the tone. 
“Get on with it then, my husband Loki may have faith that Kol will be on our side but I have felt the good in him and I will not chance our future on this child of another union.” She said with poison in her voice.  
“As you wish my lady by the time I am done, Kol will either be trapped for all time or corrupted to the point that he is yours forever.” Juntas explained turning towards Kol. 
“I will hold you to that creature do not fail me.” She replied disappearing letting the threat hang in the air. 
Ignoring the threat she smiled at Kol. “Come Kol let us see how the darkness can be twisted inside you.” Juntas whispered straddling Kol’s body. 
 
Chapter 19 
 
Vasos had expected problems from the guards once they had recovered, but to his surprise they all just stood around. He couldn’t help but wonder what was going on as he yanked Relious to his feet with his sword edge slightly cutting into the man’s throat as he eyed the surrounding soldiers increasing in number. 
“Your move captain.” Vasos stated eyeing the man cautiously. 
“All hail Vasos son of Aphrodite protector of the people and liberator of Argos.” Replied the captain banging his fist against his chest before bending to his knee followed by the others. 
“What?” Vasos questioned baffled at their behavior. 
“I am Thadin captain of the honor guard here in Argos, ten years ago we were a happy and prosperous kingdom but then Relious came and everything changed. You see he is the child of Eris goddess of discord, when he arrived here our people began to fight amongst themselves and kingdoms that had been our allies for years began to attack. Relious then befriended our leader, King Talos, and helped bring peace again to our kingdom. After a year slowly our beloved king became more and more ill with a sickness of the mind. As he did Relious solidified his position, using the king’s authority he began to take over his responsibilities. To make a long story short our king died one night unexpectedly and Relious took power, my predecessor reasoned that the crown was not his believing foul play. As such he promptly led a rebellion against him but before they could even reach the castle they fell victim to his powers fighting among themselves until only one remained alive but wounded. Several attempts after that were made on his life but each failed and we learned quickly that we could not defeat him, since that day we have lived in fear as little more than slaves.” 
“And who says this demigod is going to be any better than the last?” Questioned a soldier pushing to the front of the crowd with sword drawn. 
“I say we attack him now while we are immune to his siren call!” 
“Don’t be stupid.” Snapped another soldier. 
“Mind your manners both of you or I’ll do it for you!” Yelled Thadin suddenly as they got ready to fight. 
“Enough!” Shouts Vasos with such force in his voice that his siren call cut through the effects of the potion they drank. “Don’t you see that Relious is affecting you already?” 
“Our apologies Vasos, but now you can see why he has remained in power for so long, I wonder why his powers do not work on you?” Questioned the captain suspiciously still feeling the effects of the discord. 
Answering the question another voice echoed through the massive hall making every one of the soldiers immune to the powers of discord. “Because love is the opposite of discord it brings harmony and therefore it is much more difficult for his powers to affect Vasos.” 
Reverently the soldiers’ parted bowing as they saw who it was. “All hail 
Lady Hypatia daughter of Hera patron of Argos.” 
“Rise brave and loyal soldiers of Argos, I bring tidings of joy. It was Hera and Zeus who sent Bion to bring Vasos and his companions here, in there infinite wisdom they knew that he would free you from the tyranny of Relious and already they have decided who will take the throne.” She smiled walking towards Vasos. 
“They have decreed that…” Suddenly she stopped mid-sentence looking at 
Relious. “You dare try to influence a goddess?” 
“No, I do.” Came the voice of Eris filling the chamber as she appeared between Hypatia and Vasos. 
Eris stood smiling at Hypatia as the soldiers collectively backed away in fear as they desperately tried to fight with the conflicting emotions churning within them. Forgetting everyone else Eris whirled around to face Vasos (who was still holding his sword to Relious’ throat). Her jet black hair whipped into her face covering her dark purple eyes for just a second looking both mysterious and ominous at the same time. Without flinching Vasos met her stare as her hair settled reveling her eyes, while they looked at one another Vasos couldn’t help but notice that she was nothing like he pictured, hanging loosely on her forehead is a gold chain with a diamond centered on her forehead, she was wearing a midnight black dress that fit her perfect form accentuating it. Her voice wasn’t beautiful per se but there was a charge of music in it that was both terrible and fierce with a sound that drew you in making you want to follow her every wish. 
“Hello sister.” She smiled without turning to face the other goddess. “Now what would you be doing with my child?” 
“I am doing nothing sister as you can clearly see I am not the one holding the sword to his throat, I am here to deliver a decree from our parents that is all.” She responded coolly enjoying the fact that Vasos still held firm against Eris presence. 
“Then you won’t stop me if I were to intervene on my child’s behalf?” She laughed turning towards Vasos. 
“I would.” Came yet another voice surprising everyone. 
The voice was beautiful but strong, musical but firm and passionate but loving all at the same time. All eyes lift to the ceiling where the voice came from to find Eros god of love and sexual desire descending slowly into the room. His short golden hair was perfect and as his golden eyes scanned the room making everyone blush despite themselves, his shirtless body was built perfectly and slung across his back between his immense pure white wings was his quiver of golden arrows, red arrows and black arrows (the arrows of love, lust and those of indifference) and in his right hand was the golden bow he always carried ever ready. 
“This is none of your concern Eros.” Growled Eris taking a step back. 
“To the contrary cousin this is very much my concern, you have decided to interfere because your son is involved and have been allowed to do so because it is not part of the quest. I have every right to intervene as well because my brother is involved and for future reference doing someone else’s dirty work really doesn’t suit you, I suggest that you tell my father Ares if he is so keen on pursuing my brother he does so in a manner befitting a god and not like a coward.” Eros explained matter of factly. 
“How dare you!” She screamed beginning to step forward until she remembered that the other goddess was behind her. 
“How dare I?” He laughed unfazed by her outburst. “How dare you! The decree has gone out from the king and queen of the gods, your son is to be replaced as king here in Argos. Hera has chosen Temenos, Son of Aristomachos to become king and so shall it be. If you wish to dispute this then you can deal with them I’m sure your mother would be leanent on you for questioning her after all she is known for her…forgiveness, in regards to your son however he still has to answer for his crimes against the people of Argos and the murder of the other demigod children of Aphrodite. If you wish to try and take him to avoid this you will have to fight me.” 
“And me.” Chimed in Vasos. “I would not stand by and watch someone attack my brother especially when he comes at the bid of the King and Queen.” 
“You will battle me as well.” Agreed Hypatia. “Do you fancy those odds sister?” 
Looking around at all of them Eris hissed. “Mark my words Vasos I will get you for this offense against my family.” 
“I’ll be waiting cousin.” He hissed back at her. 
“The next time we meet demigod, you will not have them to protect you.” She exclaimed pointing at Hypatia and Eros as she starts to turn into smoke. “Enjoy your happiness today because discord and war will follow you the rest of your days.” 
“Cheerful as always.” Smiled Eros happily turning back towards his brother. 
“Thank you brother, but what do I do now? I take it from the conversation that something more needs to be done here.” Questioned Vasos. 
“You do not need to hold Relious in check any longer brother my power robs him of his, but what must happen first and foremost is his punishment. Though that poses a problem since it has been decided that it is the new king that must decide along with you for not only has the kingdom been wronged but also our family has, Relious has killed five of our half brothers and sisters in his time here.” Replied Eros darkly. 
“I will transport Temenos to us now that we know for sure he will be safe, I thank you Eros for your timely intervention.” Said Hypatia raising her hands into the air. 
“Think nothing of it cousin, I love helping if you’ll forgive the pun.” He laughed joined by all the soldiers. 
A moment later Temenos appeared next to them. Vasos noticed right away that the man was commonly dressed in a normal Greek chiton and sandals with a simple sword strapped to his back. He was about six feet tall and had brown hair with yellowish brown eyes that were filled with wisdom and kindness but also a gentle sadness about him, he was well built with rippling muscles and a strong proud face with distinguished features. His hands were weathered and visibly hardened from a rough life of working. 
“Never in my life had I thought myself so lucky to meet one of the gods let alone two, hail Lord Eros!” He said reverently instantly dropping to one knee. 
“Rise good king.” Smiled Eros placing his hand on the man’s shoulder. “I am sorry to say that already we must ask a difficult decision of you, it is not the way I would have your reign began but it cannot wait.” 
“I agree but first let us address the people and let them know that they are free of the tyranny.” Exclaimed Hypatia. 
“Honor guard by decree of the gods this is your king protect him with your life!” Decreed Vasos happily. 
The honor guard instantly stood at attention and pounded their fists against their chests in righteousness. 
“Long live the king!” They immediately chanted in unison. 
“Thadin would you do the honors and bind Relious for the time being while we address the people?” Questioned Hypatia looking at the captain. 
“I would be honored my lady.” He said hurriedly grabbing Relious from Vasos. 
“Introductions, Temenos, this is Vasos son of Aphrodite who defeated this villain and won you your kingdom.” Eros smiled as they walk towards the balcony together. 
Suddenly surprising everyone Relious brook free from Thadin’s grip grabbing his sword and lunging towards Temenos. In a flash Vasos pushed the new king out of the way taking the sword in the stomach instead of him. Immediately the rest of the guards jumped into gear and grabbed the man restraining him again at sword point while Temenos rushed to Vasos’ side. 
“It should have been me.” He sobbed as everyone watched. “Quickly get help!” He yelled noticing that everyone was just staring. 
“Do not concern yourself with what happened good king, I am a soldier and this is what soldiers do. Just promise me that you will rule well and protect the people Temenos.” Whispered Vasos slowly losing consciousness. 
“I will but please hold on, do not die for me.” He responded cradling Vasos in his arms. 
“Do not fret good king Thanatos the god of death will not take Vasos this day, it was Ares that empowered Relious to overpower Thadin and take his sword. Having interfered in this in such a manner allows us to as well.” Assured Hypatia walking over to Vasos. 
“Come back to me dear Vasos.” She whispered lightly kissing his cheek. 
“Your work here is not yet done.” 
Slowly his eyes open again to see Hypatia kneeling over him with a reassuring smile. “You have to be the most beautiful woman I have seen in my entire life.” He said softly looking into her eyes. 
“I see that you are still delirious young hero.” She said slightly blushing as she stood again with a giggle. 
Blushing Vasos swiftly got to his feet with the help of King Temenos realizing where he was and who was around. 
“Why did you take that blade?” Questioned the king. “Not that I’m ungrateful, it’s just you don’t even know me.” 
“Regardless of whether I know you or not saving you was the right thing to do, you are king by order of the gods. Moreover I looked into your eyes when first I saw you. I could tell that you are a good man and the people of this kingdom need and deserve your leadership, what am I compared to the needs of an entire people?” He answered firmly. 
“Truly you are as great a hero as I have been led to believe.” Stated Temenos shaking his hand as tears free flowed from his eyes. “Honor guard please send the word throughout the city that I will be addressing them in half an hour, in the meantime with Lord Eros and Lady Hypatia’s permission I would like to deal with the treacherous Relious right now.” He said looking at the two immortals for approval. 
They look at each other for a moment and then nod in approval silently. 
“What is your judgment?” Questioned Eros in amusement. 
“Actually I defer to Vasos first, yes it is true that he has wronged the kingdom but more than that he has killed his family, I can think of no bigger crime committed here than that. So what do you say Vasos?” Answered the king looking to Vasos. 
Stunned Vasos looked from him to Relious who just scowled defiantly. 
“I wish to avenge my family and the people of Argos, and he is too dangerous to let live and his crimes are more than worthy of death. That being said let it be known that I will not kill a helpless man, so with your permission King Temenos I would like to fight Relious to the death in the city square so all the people may witness the punishment first hand.” He decided firmly. “Let the god of war see that I do not send others to do the fighting for me.” 
“A fitting punishment Vasos I emphatically agree, the people are now gathering and when I address them I request that you stand by my side so I may announce the punishment of Relious so we may also gauge the mood of the people concerning the decision.” 
“As you wish my lord.” Bowed Vasos showing proper respect. 
“And what of you my lord and lady? Will you stay for the punishment and afterward the celebration dinner? Questioned Relious turning to Hypatia and Eros. 
“We would love to but unfortunately we must report back to Lord Zeus.” 
Replied Eros for the both of them. “Be good brother and good luck.” 
“I look forward to seeing you again sometime Vasos, in the meantime here is a gift for you from me.” Winked Hypatia sending power into Vasos that reinvigorated him and unlocked more of his abilities before she disappeared along with Eros. 
“I think you have an admirer.” Laughs Temenos putting his arm around Vasos shoulders like they were now old friends. 
Joining in the laugh Vasos walked with the king down the hall towards the bedrooms. “I think maybe you’re right, whether it’s a good thing or bad thing I don’t know just yet but I am sure willing to find out.” 
“Either way I think life will be very interesting for you from now on.” The King laughed. 
“I’m not sure how much more interesting things I can take.” He sighed with a little of the laughter leaving his voice. 
“I’ve no doubt that whatever may come your way you will handle it just fine, you are a hero through and through Vasos.” 
“I try to be, but enough about the future let’s deal with the here and now and get ready to meet your people majesty.” 
 
Chapter 20 
 
Changing her shape into Thor, Juntas watched from behind as Kol stared at Asgard in awe. 
Flying down to the rainbow bridge “Thor” landed right in front of Kol. 
“What do you think of our fair city Kol?” 
Frowning for a moment at Thor blocking the view Kol looked into Thor’s eyes with an increasing frown before he swiftly allowed a large smile to cross his face. “It is indeed wondrous father! Never in my wildest dreams had I believed that I could be accepted here, but where pray tell are my brothers Curios and Hallthor?” Questioned Kol unexpectedly. 
“Why they are waiting for you in my realm in Thrudheim at my hall Bilskirnir where I will reward you properly for all you have done.” Explained Thor quickly nearly stuttering. 
“With all of my heart I have longed for the day when the gods of Asgard would welcome me as a hero father, I…look forward to all that will happen in your hall.” 
“Not to worry Kol all of Asgard has assembled to see you and your brothers receive your rewards.” Replied Thor happily placing a hand on Kol’s shoulder. 
“Then let us not keep them waiting father.” Kol smiled patting Thor’s hand thankfully. 
With a nod Thor scooped him up flying them both to his realm in a matter of seconds landing in front of his hall where Hallthor and Curios are waiting for them. 
“Hail brother.” Smiled Hallthor and Curious overjoyed to see Kol. 
“Hail my brothers, it is so good to see you!” He replied happily. 
“Come my young heroes all of Asgard awaits to see you receive your just deserts.” Thor interjected ushering them towards the door. 
“Father before we enter the hall may I ask what has become of Loki, may I see him?” Questioned Kol urgently. 
“You still wish to try and change him Kol? Truly you are a good soul my son, of course you can see him. What say you Hallthor and Curios? Would you care to join us?” Thor responded happily. 
“Oh yes father we wish to help our brother.” Answered Hallthor for the both of them. “Together there is nothing that we cannot accomplish.” 
“So be it.” All at once the three of them vanished with Thor reappearing at a beautiful waterfall where the three young heroes found Loki chained to the wall underneath the waterfall looking miserable. 
“Have you come to gloat at my defeat son? Is it not enough that you betrayed me for Thor?” Loki asked dejectedly. 
“I have not come to gloat nor have I ever betrayed you for anyone father, I came here because I had to, I had to know if you would ever change your ways. You are here of your own doing not mine.” Kol answered flatly. 
“All I can be is what I was made to be son, the same is true for anyone, even you. Being my son you can and should be on my side Kol, I am the god of mischief, magic and evil and you are my child whether you wish to be or not, my blood runs through your veins, the blood of the god whose children are meant to bring about Ragnarok. I give you the choice here and now to join me, and leave these charlatans that have fooled you into believing they care about you behind.” Taunted Loki. 
Unexpectedly magic flowed from nowhere encompassing the entire area for a moment encasing Thor, Hallthor and Curios in enchanted chains that pulled them to the wall while at the same time Loki was released. Summoning his staff in a second Kol turned to find the Freyja still glowing with power. 
“Put down your staff Kol, I am not your enemy nor is Loki. It was I that trained Loki in the arts of magic and that is how he became the god of magic. But that is not the reason I chose to help him, I have done this because he speaks the truth, behold.” With a wave of her hand Thor and his brothers stared at him. “Now Thor son of Odin tell Kol what you think of him and what you have planned.” 
“I have never trusted or loved you son of Loki, I sent Hallthor to you for the very same reason the Greeks sent Curios. To keep an eye on you and keep you in line, we used you for the quests but you were never more than a tool. I hate you because you are no better than your father, I don’t care how many deeds you do or how you suck up to me, it will never change the fact that you are evil. You will forever be judged by all humans and gods as the son of Loki, the only ones that will ever trust you are the twisted father, brothers and sisters you have and if I were free I would kill you myself. In fact that was our plan for the day.” He spat at him struggling against the chains. 
“Enough! Hallthor son of Thor speak the truth to Kol.” Demanded Freyja. 
“What my father has said is the truth Kol, I hated every moment I spent around you, and you have no idea how hard it was to not kill you each and every day. You killed my brother Ragnar, I had to fake that I was happy he was gone, all the while it was killing me inside to be kind to his murderer. Today I was finally going to have my revenge, I was going to be the one who was allowed to destroy you and now you have escaped my justice, at least for now. Eventually I will be free and I will destroy you like the piece of trash that you are!” He yelled so loud that it hurt Kol’s ears. 
“Please stop.” Kol says covering his mouth as his eyes began to tear up. 
“I am sorry my son but you must hear more, be strong.” Loki said placing his hand on Kol’s shoulder. 
“Curios speak!” Demanded Freyja once again. 
“No spell for the truth is needed for me witch goddess.” Jeered Curios. “I hate you Kol, I was told long before I met you that I could never trust you, the Greek gods knew that you were evil and always would be. Right away you admitted that you were a murderer, I wanted to deliver justice to you right then and there but wasn’t allowed to, all I could do is comfort Hallthor and pledge that one day together we would make you pay. The more I was around you the more I found that you are evil to the core, join your father while you can because when we are free your days are numbered!” 
“So you see my child it is only I that will accept you and love you, join me and together we will have all that we desire.” Explained Loki patting his back. 
“I do not condone Loki’s life or destiny but it is just that he hold true to his destiny, everyone has a part to play in the future including him as well as yourself. Do not fight who and what you are child.” Added Freyja. 
Covering his face completely with his hands Kol’s tears were visibly flowing through his fingers as his body shook a little. 
The face of Thor evilly smiled as Juntas watched pleased with her work, until abruptly her smile faded as Kol’s hands fell away from his face instead holding his sides. To Juntas’ horror Kol was laughing hysterically in so much that he fell backwards onto the floor. 
“Why are you laughing my child?” Questioned Loki as Juntas hoped that her work had been completed and maybe just maybe he had laughed out of not caring. 
“Because it’s just so ridiculous.” Replied Kol between breaths. 
“What do you mean?” Loki questioned perplexed. 
“Of all the things you could have chosen to do, this has to be the worst attempt to corrupt someone that has ever happened in any realm. I mean did you really think you could manipulate me this easily? I am the child of Loki, I know mischief and misdirection when I see it. And now dear “Thor” you will learn what it’s like to be on the receiving end of your little tricks.” Kol said suddenly becoming completely serious as he began to glow with green power. All at once the other people faded from view into nothingness leaving only Kol and Juntas in her true form chained to the wall struggling to get free. 
“Struggle all you want, you will not escape me Mare. I have never encountered a female Vette before, I see you are as pleasant looking as your male counter parts. So tell me Mare who is it that put you up to this? I seriously doubt that it is luck or coincidence you found me.” Kol said stretching out like he was getting ready to work out or fight. 
“It is luck and nothing more, besides I am not as helpless as you think. I have already trapped your friends in their own minds and if you do not release me they will remain that way endlessly.” She laughed believing she had the upper hand. 
Smiling at her Kol paced in front of her. “Not true monster, with my magic I will enter their minds and rescue them. You are not needed instead you will remain here with some playmates for we are no longer in my mind but instead you are trapped in your own. Without you even knowing it I transported us into your mind.” Without waiting for and answer he waved his hand making hundreds of rats appear that promptly and slowly crawled over to Juntas. One by one they begin to eat her alive, Juntas screamed in pain throughout the whole ordeal as Kol happily watched. Then minutes later it was over with the rats disappearing as her body hung there it regenerated with the whole thing starting again. 
“I think this is a fitting punishment don’t you? I always admired the creativity of it and now here is my chance to do it myself, consider it a gift from Hallthor and Curios as well. And don’t worry I’ll let them know you said you were sorry and say hello and believe me one way or another I will find out who put you up to this.” Laughed Kol disappearing. 
Kol shot up from his bed throwing Juntas’ body off of him and across the room into the wall where she melted into the wall becoming one with it. Straightaway Kol concentrated drawing more and more energy to him until his body was glowing so brightly he was pure white, until all at once he released the power that allowed him to dip into the past with his mind to see what happened while he was asleep. As he watched Juntas moved from person to person until he finally saw what he was waiting for and Sigyn appeared. Listening to everything he smiled at the fear in her voice and the affirmation that Kol was indeed good. 
“You are right dear step mother let that fear stew inside of you and I will prove it to the whole world, whatever your plans are if they threaten the world and my friends I will stop you all by myself if need be.” He stated happily before turning to his friends and walking over to Hallthor pulling his body close to Curios so he could reach them both. “Now let’s see what we can do here, hopefully I wasn’t just boasting earlier.” He frowned placing one hand on each of their foreheads. 
Focused completely Kol closed his eyes reaching out with his magic, until finally he opened his eyes to find himself standing in a beautiful field. To his left was an image of Asgard fading in and out of view, with only a prison remaining solid and consistent. Where as to his right was the ocean stretching out but submerged underwater is a cage holding Curios that also was the only thing that remained solid constantly. Both of his young friends were crying huddled in the corner of the cages. With a mighty jump Kol covered the space between himself and Hallthor’s prison. “Hallthor, come on man, get up I’m here to rescue you. We don’t have a lot of time I’m sure the Mare left safe guards, we’ve got to get Curios and get the hell out of here!” 
“Kol?” Questioned Hallthor skeptically. “Is this another cruel joke my father is playing, showing me my dead brother, a simple vision of the man I failed to save and led into a trap to torture me further?” 
“No, you ass! It was a Mare that entered your mind and tricked you, none of this is real! Come on I know that you know what a Mare is, now snap out of it!” Kol yelled trying to snap him out of it with tough love. 
Looking up at Kol with tear stained cheeks Hallthor crawled over to him reaching through the bars gingerly. Grabbing his hand firmly Kol tries to reassure him when all of a sudden Hallthor pulled him into the bars banging Kol’s head against them. 
Pulling away quickly while rubbing his head Kol shouted at him. “What the hell was that about you twit?” 
“It is you!” Exclaimed Hallthor happily. 
“Of course it’s me you fool, who else would it be?” Kol said throwing his hands in the air. 
“So none of this is real?” He mused looking around at the cell. 
“No now make your hammers appear and let’s get moving.” He snapped. 
Focusing for a moment Hallthor’s eyes suddenly snapped open. “Duck!” Reacting without hesitation Kol ducked just in time to be narrowly missed by the double hammers flying through the bars into Hallthor’s hands. 
“Sorry.” He giggled stepping out of the cell with a dub smile on his face. 
“Yeah you look it.” Kol grunted heading towards the ocean with Hallthor in tow. 
“So how did you know we were here? In fact where is here?” Questioned Hallthor jogging to catch up. 
“We are in a space created by both your and Curios’ minds, I had to merge the two worlds you were trapped in so I could get you both in one place and free you.” Kol explained quickly as he picked up his pace. 
“Why not just free us one at a time?” Hallthor questioned with a frown. 
“Because I’m sure it would have taken longer and I’m not sure that we have that kind of time, we may or may not be getting a visit from an evil goddess who set all this up to trap you guys and corrupt me.” He answered a little too calmly for Hallthor’s liking. 
“Say again?” 
“Oh yeah little detail, Sigyn was the one who sent the Mare after us and she was in our room while we were sleeping.” He answered speeding up a bit. 
“Wait, are you kidding me? What…?” He began to be cut off by a horrid roar. “What was that?” 
“The Mare’s safeguards I’m guessing, did I forget to mention that would be the monsters drawn from both your minds.” Kol answered with a shrug like it didn’t really matter until suddenly they both felt the warmth moist breath of something behind them on their necks.  
The smell of foul breath hit them like a ton of bricks, slowly they both turned to see a hydra mixed with two trolls walking towards them. The seven Hydra heads were already looming over them dripping sticky venom on their heads that thankfully wasn’t acidic meanwhile the upper bodies and arms of the two trolls were protruding from the torso of the massive creature. Each had two massive clubs that filled their hands ready to destroy the intruders, both of the nasty troll heads smiled showing their fangs as drool puddled at their feet hungry for their flesh. 
“Creative.” Kol said raising an eyebrow as his staff appeared in his hand. 
“Thanks, but who cares none of this is real anyway?” Hallthor shrugged turning back around to head towards Curios. 
“Not true, this is a prison of the mind. Meaning that if we die here we’ll be trapped in our bodies forever.” Kol explained magically forming a shield in between them and the creature buying them some time. 
“Great, now you tell me.” Hallthor yelled flying into the air over the shield with the aid of his hammers as the Hydra snapped at him. “Free Curios, I’ll keep this thing busy.” 
“Are you nuts? I’m not leaving you, we’ll defeat this thing together and then save Curios.” Kol argued running to Hallthor’s aid as he continued dodging the snapping mouths. 
Dropping the shield Kol blasted the creature in the middle of the chest with dark magic that threw it off balance as Hallthor threw one of his hammers into the middle head of the Hydra forcing it to stumble backwards for a moment as he landed next to Kol for a moment. 
“You’re not staying Kol, I lost my brother once in this hell hole it won’t happen again now save our new brother!” He demanded hooking his hammer in Kol’s shirt and sending it flying to Curios prison giving him little choice in the matter. 
As he flew towards the ocean Kol barely had time to take a deep breath before he plunged into the water towards the prison at massive speed. A moment later the hammer reached the prison blasting through the bars and dragging Kol until he ended up face to face with Curios who stared at him stunned. 
“Kol?” He questioned before wrapping him in a giant hug. “You’re alive! How is this possible, in fact I don’t care, you’re alive and that’s what matters. Can you ever forgive me?” 
Kol’s face began changing colors from the lack of air as he fought to get Curios to follow him. 
“Oh yeah air.” Curios laughed with his trident appearing in his hand. “Here you go.” With a touch of his trident gills formed on Kol’s throat allowing him to breathe freely. 
“I don’t get it though brother, you were breathing just fine when I saw you last time.” He puzzled. “Haha, yeah that’s the thing for me to focus on.” He laughed punching him in the arm. 
“This place is a hoax fashioned by a monster, you didn’t consider it was a little bizarre that we were breathing underwater without any help?” Kol frowned. 
“Nope I figured it was my father’s doing, it’s good to know that none of this is real although I have to say it’s a bit disconcerting that I was trapped and tortured. So anyway please tell me what kind of monster it is and that I still have a chance for payback?” Curios questioned gripping his trident a little tighter at the thought. 
“Just like that? No I can’t believe this or anything like that?” Kol asked a little worried that Curios wasn’t taking any of it seriously. 
“Nah, stuff like this has happened to me a bunch since I found out who and what I am. So what’s the play? How do we get out of this place?” Curios questioned leisurely. 
“Okay then, well, in a nut shell we are trapped in a world created from yours and Hallthor’s minds, there is a monster created from a combination of both your thoughts, for now there is just the one but I don’t know how long that will last so we have to hurry. All we have to do is defeat it and anything else that may come our way without dying and find the hidden door that will lead us out of this place, oh and we should really hurry Hallthor is locked in a death match as we speak with the one monster.” 
“WHAT!?” Yelled Curios shooting to the surface so fast he flew out of the water all the way to where Hallthor was trying to dodge the Hydra’s fire and snapping mouths. 
Slamming his trident into the ground Curios stared daggers at the creature. “Stay away from my brother beast!” 
The hydra/troll turned at the sound of his voice snapping and hissing at Curios but before it could reach him the ground shook violently causing an earthquake so large the ground split directly beneath it swallowing it whole. 
“Now that was impressive.” Hallthor grinned landing next to Curios who wrapped him in a big hug. 
“I’ll say, now let’s find that door and get out of this place before something else happens.” Kol smirked dropping from the sky to join them in the hug. 
 
Chapter 21 
 
“People of Argos, I have great and wonderful news, finally we are free of the tyrant Relious!” The people exploded with cheering so loud that the entire city shook from the sound until Thadin raised his hands for silence. “By order of Zeus and Hera we now have a wonderful and generous king who I have personally seen already proven his character. It is my pleasure to introduce Temenos!” Yelled Thadin igniting the cheering once again as he stepped aside with a bow to Temenos who walked to the edge of the balcony greeting the people who somehow cheered even louder with deafening sound that almost hurt the ears. 
“Wonderful people of Argos, you have long been wronged and although I can’t erase the pain you have felt in the past, what I can do is make sure that it never happens again and from this day on I promise that you will hence forth be treated fairly and with respect, I will always endeavor to do my best and make our kingdom rich where no family goes without. Together we will make our city so great that it shall be a beckon to all others as a testament to what can be achieved.” Shouted Temenos. 
Instantly in love with their new King the crowd went crazy jumping up and down as they chanted together. “Long live the king! Temenos the benevolent!” 
After a few moments of basking in their praise Temenos raised his hands for quiet, slowly the crowd quieted down enough for him to speak again as Vasos walked up to stand next to the king. “My people, I’d like you to meet the man who made this all possible, Vasos the son of Aphrodite was the one that delivered you from the evil that plagued this city. He has asked my permission and that of the gods to punish Relious in single combat to the death for all of you to see, Vasos’ siblings over the years were lured to the city and killed by Relious so I have agreed that he will avenge both his family and the citizens of this city at the same time! What say you?” 
The people merriment at the news flowed throughout the kingdom as Vasos waved to them chanting long live Vasos the avenger! 
“People of Argos are you ready for the battle?” He roared in question. 
They erupted in response demanding justice as several of them pointed to the city square or headed there to get a good place to watch. 
“Then since you have spoken with the permission of the king I will meet the traitor right now in the middle of the city at the town square!” Vasos responded turning to the king waiting for his judgment. 
“I agree! In the city square right now the match will begin! To the square my people!” He yelled enthusiastically. 
Caught up in the moment of elation from the people Vasos ran out of the castle heading to the city square with the crowd around him cheering and patting his back. After a few minutes they entered the square where Relious was already waiting in chains, already the evil man had begun affecting the people again as small skirmishes had begun to break out here and there. 
“Enough of your tricks traitor!” Feeling the power flowing from the villain Vasos pointed his sword at Relious reaching out with his own gifts nullifying Relious damage in moments he calmed the crowd countering all that Relious had already done. 
“It was a mistake facing me in single combat Vasos, I have been trained my whole life by Ares in every weapon including hand to hand combat. You haven’t got a snowballs chance in Hades of beating me!” Laughed Relious wildly grabbing a sword from a nearby soldier the second he was released. 
“Come then and show me your vaunted prowess you lackey of Ares.” Replied Vasos evenly as he drew his own sword. 
With a speed that could only come from a life time of training Relious closed the distance between them so quickly it took Vasos by surprise for a second. With a smile Relious feigned a stab at Vasos’ chest which switched in a flowing movement that slashed at his head, the move was so perfect, so gracefully fast that most of the crowd didn’t even see it happen and in that moment those that did see it knew that Vasos was most likely a dead man. 
As Vasos’ sword was buried hilt deep through Relious’ back Vasos coolly leaned forward whispering in his ear. “It’s a shame for you that Ares didn’t teach you to never underestimate your opponent the way Athena taught me. It was all too easy for me to see your move coming a mile away and while you over extended your thrust I flipped into the air over your head landing behind you before you could recover. Now you know how you lost so it will haunt you forevermore in the afterlife and as my finally act to disgrace you I will take your eyes so you will forever wander the underworld blind, I will carve my name into your chest and everyone will know the people of Argos and the children of Aphrodite were avenged by Vasos son of Aphrodite.” 
Mixed feelings bounced through the crowd at the brutality of the act as Vasos finished carving his name into Relious chest, once he finished he stood up looking them in the eyes. “People of Argos you have been avenged.” Vasos said walking back to the king halfheartedly as the crowd stared silently at Relious in awe. 
“Did I go too far?” Vasos whispered to Temenos once he reached him. 
“No my friend, you did what needed to be done. You have avenged your family and these people, never question that my friend.” King Temenos decreed. 
“What happens now?” He questioned while nodding in agreement with the King’s words. 
Raising his voice for the people to hear Temenos answered the question out loud. “Now that the people and your family have been avenged we will celebrate! Open the stores of food kept at the castle and create a feast that the gods would approve of. Guards take the body away and perform the rest of the burial rights leaving this dog to his fate in the underworld.” 
The crowd started to cheer but suddenly stopped standing quietly as the crowd parted calmly reveling Sevrrir and Sander walking towards Vasos. 
“It just wouldn’t be a party without me.” Yawned Sander with a sleepy smile. 
“Do you think you could stay awake long enough for a party?” Huffed Sevrrir shoving him a little. 
“Who could fall asleep with your annoying voice around?” Questioned Sander tripping him with a vine. 
Stumbling a bit Sevrrir turned to him abruptly with his fist cocked back to punch him in the face. 
“King Temenos allow me to introduce my two friends and colleges, Sevrrir demigod son of Heimdal and Sander demigod son of Dionysus.” Vasos interrupted loudly before the two of them could start fighting. 
“Clearly you have a story to tell us Vasos, when last we saw you there was a different king here.” Smiled Sevrrir walking up and shaking his hand vigorously. “A pleasure to meet you King Temenos we are at your service.” 
“Yes that’s all very nice but didn’t I hear someone say something about a party?” Questioned Sander insistently. 
With an enthusiastic laugh the King walked up to Sander patting him on the back vigorously. “Indeed I did, tell me young man what can you do for us? I have a feeling when it comes to a party you’re the man to talk to.” 
“Without a doubt, just sit back and watch this my king.” Sander replied rolling up his sleeves before putting his fingers to his temples in an over exaggerated movement as he concentrated. 
All of a sudden he stretched his hand forward toward the fountain in the square turning it into an instrument that made wine instead of water. Then spinning in a circle he waved his hands over the crowd reaching out with his powers, instantly joy and happiness swelled in their hearts making them want to dance and party like never before. 
“Vasos if you would be so kind?” Winked Sander. 
“What?” Asked Vasos clearly baffled at the wink. 
“What say you reach out to the crowd and use your own powers to make the people feel love for their kingdom, themselves and each other?” He explained taking a drink of his flask. 
“What do you think your majesty?” Questioned Vasos with a smile of his own amused at the thought. 
“I see no harm in making the people even happier Vasos.” He replied feeling the effects from Sander himself. 
“So it shall be.” Vasos said as a smile crept from ear to ear on him. With a wave of his hand over the crowd with ease he touched the hearts of everyone there making them all feel love in different ways unique to each individual. 
“Yes! Now that’s what I’m talking about!” Yelled Sander dancing with the crowd for a moment before noticing Sevrrir standing awkwardly to the side.  “My gods look at you Sevrrir, I’ve seen dung piles with more personality. For once in your life what say you try a little something called socializing.” 
“It’s going to be tough for you to drink that flask with a broken jaw party boy.” Snapped Sevrrir. 
“Oh come on buddy there’s no way you’ll be able to do that, you’re going to be too busy dancing the day away!” Bellowed Sander wildly as he focused on Sevrrir so hard his nose started to bleed. 
Realizing what Sander was attempting to do Sevrrir vainly endeavored to reach Sander but right before he could his body lost control over itself as it burst into dance against his will and pulled him into the crowd. 
“What about you Mr. I’ve got a mission to do and nothing else matters?” Questioned Sander walking up to Vasos and the king. 
“Oh come on Sander that’s not true, it’s more like Mr. I’ll kick your butt so hard you can’t sit if you piss me off!” He retorted. 
“What’s that?” Sander questioned sarcastically placing his hand to his ear. “Oh it’s your personality, I believe it said something about it missing you terribly, but don’t you worry I’ll go and find it for you. I’ll start looking by the fountain, don’t wait up.” He paused before wandering off in the direction of the fountain where everyone was drinking deeply. 
Before Vasos could say anything in response Sevrrir appeared for a moment in front of him still dancing out of control so he looked more like a puppet whose strings were being pulled by a drunk madman than someone who was enjoying themselves. 
“Help me!” He pleaded desperately before his out of control body shuffled him off in the other direction. 
“Would you excuse me for a moment your majesty?” Laughed Vasos as he watched Sevrrir’s pleading eyes disappear. 
“By all means my friend, but would you do me the honor of meeting me at the castle as soon as you wrangle up your comrades?” He questioned with a half-hearted laugh that belied a tone of seriousness. 
“We’ll be there shortly your majesty.” Vasos answered with a nod sensing the edge in his voice before he ran into the crowd. 
“Sander! Sander!” He shouted looking around. 
Out of nowhere Sevrrir danced towards Vasos looking beyond embarrassed as a beautiful young woman was dancing with him body to body. 
With a simple look from Vasos the woman suddenly lost interest as if Sevrrir never existed, as she walked away from his friend Sevrrir finally overcame Sanders spell on him. 
“When I get a hold of that little twerp he’s dog meat pal.” Panted Sevrrir out of breath. 
“Calm down, I could tell you were enjoying yourself.” 
Flashing red exploded all over his body as Sevrrir looked around feeling like he had all eyes on him. “You won’t tell him will you?” 
“Of course not, but for now I need your help to find him.” He smiled patting him on the back. 
“No problem, I saw him standing by the fountain statue when I was dancing uncontrollably.” He said blushing a little bit again. 
“Joy I’m sure he’ll be fine with leaving the party now that there is my alcohol in him, let’s get moving before he drowns himself in the fountain.” He huffed rushing through the crowd towards the fountain. 
“So then I told the guy if you mess with Vasos you mess with me!” Said Sander in a flirtatious type of voice to someone near him that they couldn’t yet see. 
Pushing through the last of the crowd in their way Vasos looked around confused when he couldn’t find who Sander was talking to. “Who are you talking to?” 
“Shhhh.” Sander said putting his finger to his lips confounding Vasos for a moment. “Looking a little bugged.” 
“What?” Vasos questioned again looking around. 
Turning back to the statue Sander smiled while rubbing the back of its hand slowly. “I’m sorry miss but I need to talk to my friend here for a moment, this is the guy I was telling you about that I had to save. He’s the best, not much to look at but that doesn’t change the fact that he’s the best.” Sander said slurring his words and falling into the fountain while trying to hug Vasos. “Look at this.” Sander said exasperated slapping his hands in the water. “Some idiotic guy spilled his drink everywhere.” 
Realizing who Sander was speaking to Sevrrir looked back and forth between the two of them. “You’re talking to the statue?” Exclaimed Sevrrir unable to believe it. 
“Sevrrir, I didn’t see you there. You know what? I know that we’ve had our differences but let me make amends, this is how much I love you man.” He said lowering his voice to a whisper. “I’ll introduce you to this lovely lady I’ve been talking to. She doesn’t talk a lot but man she is stacked, her stomach is flat and solid. Her breasts are beyond firm and she has beautiful gray colored eyes. So what do you say?” 
“No thanks Sander, she’s not my type.” He answered rolling his eyes. 
“But by all means have at it buddy.” 
“Hey no problem I’ll find a guy for you instead it’s cool I’m not judging.” Laughed Sander patting his back. 
“What?! No!” Sevrrir exclaimed. 
“Anyway come on Sander we’ve got plans.” Vasos said throwing Sander on his shoulder as they headed towards the castle. 
“But the party!” Sander yelled stretching his hands towards the people still partying as if somehow they would save him. 
“Sevrrir if you would.” Vasos sighed knowing what had to be done. 
“My pleasure, Sander this is going to hurt you more then it hurts me.” He said gleefully hitting Sander so hard in the head it shook Vasos’ whole body. 
“Was it really necessary to hit him that hard?” Sighed Vasos in disappointment at the force used. 
“Necessary? Of course not, it was in no way necessary but it was fun.” Sevrrir nervously laughed realizing that he kind of went too far. 
Dropping Sander’s limp body to the ground Vasos turned to stare at Sevrrir. “Listen, I understand you don’t like Sander and I even get a little kick out of you two wacky kids jabbing at one another, but I want it understood that we are a team in the end, when it comes to completing our quests all we have is each other. For better or worse we are a family, remember that when we go into battle, Sander has already proved that he will protect you and that he cares for you, do the same for him.” 
Looking ashamed, Sevrrir couldn’t meet Vasos’ eyes as he responded. “I understand Vasos and despite everything including what I just did, I want you to know that I would defend you both to the death and follow you into Hel itself, you are my captain, my leader and my brother. So is the goofball drunk but just so you know if you ever repeat that to him I’ll deny everything.” 
“Not to worry brother, your secret is safe with me.” Smiled Vasos patting him on the back. “Now let’s collect our little drunk and get moving, destiny awaits.” 
Together they lifted Sander on to Vasos’ back and headed toward the castle until at a slow pace a few minutes later the three of them were in the conference room with the king. 
“What can we do for you King Temenos?” Asked Vasos after he dropped Sander on the floor before sitting across from the King. 
“On the contrary my friend, that is my question what I can do for you, what can I do for the man that saved my life and won me my kingdom?” He answered seriously. 
“As it so happens my king we are in need of a ship to take us to Melos.” Vasos answered after a moment of contemplation. 
“Not a problem Vasos, but that seems like a small price for what you have done. But if that is what you wish then that is what you shall have, when do you plan to leave?” The King questioned. 
“As soon as possible my liege.” He answered somberly thinking about the quests again. 
“Will you not stay for the rest of the celebration?” He frowned at the thought of his new friends leaving. 
“I’m afraid not my lord, we have a long way to go yet.” Vasos sighed. 
“I hate to ask another favor of you Vasos but I must, the gods reveled to me the truth of why Relious wanted the children of your mother to help him capture the young woman named Selene. It was because she was the daughter of the original king of Argos, the captain of the guard spirited her away in the night when the king became ill in a vain attempt to keep him from solidifying his power. Relious had planned to find her and force her into marriage legitimizing his kingship encase anyone finally had the will to oppose him publicly.” 
“I can see where this is going.” Sighed Sevrrir. “I have a feeling our quests will have to wait for the time being.” 
Hanging his head a little at the comment the king continued with a lowered voice. “It’s true, if you would accept I would like you to find her and bring her back safely to the kingdom, I will not force her into anything but I believe she has the right to live here in safety and happiness it’s the least I can do for her.” 
“Where is this woman?” Questioned Vasos with such vigor that his friends knew that he had already accepted. 
“It was reported that Relious found her in Melos but I don’t know the validity of his belief nor what sources he had that led him to that conclusion.” He explained with a frown at the sound of the flimsy information he had for the quest. 
“That’s not very reliable information, for all we know it could be a trap set by those who despised that traitor.” Sevrrir pointed out with a scowl. 
“It’s good enough for us to check it out, we are heroes that take such risks we will stop there and further more we will take all the time that it is necessary to search the whole city if need be, should we find her we will send her back with the ship and reliable protection.” Vasos stated quickly quieting Sevrrir with his stern look. 
“Thank you my friend, again I am in your debt now let’s get your ship and a crew together for your journey.” The King said clearly happy at the news as he patted Vasos on the shoulder. 
 
Chapter 22 
 
“So we have three frost giants mixed with sphinxes, two dark elves mixed with drakon’s and ten dwarfs mixed with empousa.” Kol stated nodding his head as he looked around at the enemies counting them off as if the others needed a play by play but were clearly not amused by Kol’s calm demeanor. 
“So what’s the play Kol?” Curios barked over the noise of the monsters as he leveled his trident at them to keep the creatures at bay. 
“Are you kidding me? We are three of the strongest most powerful demigods in the world! Chosen by the gods for important quests to show the world our worth! What do we do you ask? We do what is befitting for amazing heroes such as we are!” He laughed wildly shooting magic into the air in an amazing display. 
“Run for it?” Questioned Hallthor swinging his hammers at the creatures as well. 
“Hell yeah we run for it, now cover your eyes!” Yelled Kol conjuring a burst of light that blinded the creatures temporarily masking their escape. 
“Masterful plan oh fearless leader.” Curios said as he ran side by side with Kol slightly laughing. “I can’t wait to see how we handle the quests.” 
“Thanks, if you think this is good you should see me under real pressure I can yell like a girl with the best of them.” He muttered taking the comment a little harder than he should have. 
“Do you have any idea where the hell we’re supposed to go?” Hallthor questioned throwing one of his hammers at the group of monsters chasing them. 
“To the magic doorway that will lead us to precious freedom!” Kol responded quickly. 
“Yeah you said that earlier already, do you think you could be a little more specific?” Snapped Curios dodging an arrow from one of the elves. “I mean I don’t want to be pushy but we kind of have a little situation going on here.” 
“Nag, nag, nag.” Kol answered blocking an arrow himself as they picked up speed. 
“Sorry Kol, the thought of impending death has always put me in a foul mood.” He replied shooting a torrent of water from his trident at the creatures which bought them some time. 
“Now, now children, play nice or I’ll have to sit you in the corner.” Hallthor giggled summoning a bolt of lightning in the middle of the creatures which electrified the water shocking them into confusion. 
“This is ridiculous that door has to be around here somewhere! It was right here I’m sure of it. I can’t believe we haven’t found it yet.” Yelled Kol wrapping them in a ball of magic energy and lifting them into the air as the creatures began to regroup and pursue them again. 
Sailing high into the sky they could see just how big the world of their mind was, stretching out further than they could see were mountains, ocean and forests. 
“This could take a bit.” Gasped Hallthor at the amazing view. “I’m sorry you had to come in here to rescue us Kol, I should have been stronger.” 
“Me too.” Frowned Curios still looking around. 
“I’m not, I made a promise to you both and we’re family. I’d walk into Hades and Helheim to save you knuckleheads.” Smiled Kol watching the monsters hiss and roar in anger as they looked up at the trio. “Besides we’ve got some time up here to look around.” 
Just then hundreds of combinations of monsters flew towards them from every corner of the world in such a great number that it blotted out most of the landscapes. 
“You were saying?” Curios sighed looking at the monsters. 
“What’s that?” Questioned Hallthor pointing to a far off mountain where a door of light was sitting on top as the only bright spot left in the world. 
“That’s the way out of here!” Exclaimed Kol with glee. 
Unexpectedly all of the monsters suddenly veered away from them swarming around the door so thickly that they could no longer see it. 
“You guys realize why this is happening right? Everytime we think of something the monsters have the information.” Curios pointed out. “How do we defeat creatures that know our thoughts?” 
“Dumb luck?” Hallthor posed. 
“Hey come on guys why the long faces? I think it’s nice!? Just look at them guys they’re giving us a welcoming committee!” Stated Kol sarcastically. 
“Awe they shouldn’t have.” Added Curios with a mischievous twinkle in his eye. 
“We don’t want to be poor hosts do we?” Questioned Hallthor gripping both of his hammers tightly. 
“You’re absolutely right brother, we don’t want them to be bored or over stay their welcome so what do you gentlemen say we give them a party to remember and then take our leave?” Replied Kol smiling at them. 
“And how exactly do you purpose we do that, they seem intent on us staying for a while.” Asked Curios thoughtfully readying his trident. 
“I have an idea but first I’ll need your weapons.” Kol winked. 
Reluctantly they handed over the hammers and the trident, which quickly Kol grabbed before adding his staff to the mix. With a little concentration he magically fused the staff to the top of the trident and then added the hammers to the sides of the trident.  
“Okay guys grab on focus everything you have and then let’s send our guests a present.” Kol said proudly. 
Together the three of them grabbed the weapon focusing all the power they had into it and together they threw it at the door swarming with creatures. With a streak of light the newly formed weapon shot off from their hands to the massive horde and when the weapon hit the crowd of beasts was blasted in an explosion the size of a nuclear bomb destroying the monsters completely and shaking the world of their mind. They quickly shouted and gave each other high fives and laughed happily but their happiness deflated quickly from each of them when quickly the monsters immediately started to reform to their dismay. 
“Time to go.” Kol said shooting towards the door with the others in tow. 
As they gained speed Kol increasingly had to dodge and weave through the reforming monsters nipping, biting and clawing at them. 
“We’re not going to make it!” Yelled Curios fending off every creature he could. 
“Oh yes we will!” Kol decided pushing even faster with his powers. 
With a final blast through the gathering monsters Kol shot them through the door, a second later the three of them woke up with a start sitting up and staring at the dark room around them. 
“We’re alive!” Shouted Hallthor jumping up. 
Before the others could jump up as well they all flew against the wall held firmly in place. 
“So you survived.” Stated Sigyn forming from the shadows. 
“Dear step-mother I hate to be a disappointment as a son by surviving, so sorry about that but you know I have a nasty habit of doing the right thing. That being said how very nice it is to see you again, might I ask why you have us stuck against the wall? It very uncomfortable, could it be because of the gift I gave you on your last birthday? For the last time I swear I didn’t know that the poisonous lindworm was going to attack you when you opened the box.” Kol said sarcastically. 
“Cute and colorful as always Kol, maybe I’ll keep you around after I decimate your mind to amuse me. Although it shouldn’t be much of a change from how you are now, I’m sure you’ll still be a drooling idiot.” She hissed walking towards him. 
“You know I’d hate to get in the middle of a family dispute so if you could just let me down I’ll be on my way my lady.” Commented Hallthor jokingly. 
“Is that right? And what about you Curios?” She questioned amused at his willingness to leave Kol behind. 
“I’m fine you don’t have to let me down I’d love to see how this whole thing plays out.” He answered happily. “Plus it is quite an honor to meet a goddess of the Norse and one that is so beautiful.” 
“Charming to the last, tis a shame. It would have been much easier and quite a bit less painful if you would have stayed locked in your minds.” She sighs pacing back and forth in front of them. “Thank you for the compliment Curios but it is not enough to save you.” 
“You’re just upset because your little trap didn’t work.” Entered a new voice filling the dark room. “Come now don’t be a sore loser.” 
Walking out of the shadows herself was Hecate Greek goddess of magic, her dark auburn hair flowed around her shoulders like wind was blowing freely in the room even though the air was still. Her dark blue eyes were piercing and fierce visibly drinking in everything she saw. Her black and silver chiton was tightly fitting and adorned with bizarre symbols that glowed and shifted along the material with a cloak that hung loosely across her shoulders and matched her boots. Her voice was electric with a charge that sent shivers up and down their spines. 
“This is not your realm Hecate.” Hissed Sigyn turning to face her clearly ready for a fight but reluctant to have one. 
“It is more my realm than it is yours Sigyn, in fact Midgard as you call it is mainly the mortals realm, but more than that those of our kind in the Norse lands like you have taken to an entirely different realm as your home.” Hecate replied squelching Sigyn’s argument. 
“Either way when we are here on Midgard the realms of the Norse are our dominion not you Greeks.” She pointed out. 
Playing with a fire ball that snaked back and forth between her hands and fingers Hecate smiled with a gleam of malice in her eyes. “According to Odin and Zeus all of the gods have free rein to watch and interact with these demigods as long as we do not directly interfere with their quests, besides Curios is a Greek demigod and aside from that little decree I may be wrong but killing these demigods would count as interference.” 
“What do I care about the orders of Odin? I am the wife of Loki the world ender.” Yelled Sigyn losing what little composer she had. 
“You should care!” Boomed Odin’s voice filling the room as he appeared in between the two goddesses startling Sigyn so bad that she nearly fell backwards. 
Odin’s presence was so all encompassing that his power was felt miles away as his body reverberated with power, his golden armor shone even without the benefit of sunlight. His white beard was neatly trimmed matching his shock white hair that hung down to his shoulders. The black eye patch he always wore was aged and frayed but somehow still looked regal and his visible blue eye was filled with rage as he stared at Sigyn. 
“Odin I…” Began Sigyn to be cut off by Odin who threw her into the wall with a flick of his hand. 
As she hit the wall Kol and the others fell from it to their feet stunned at the turn of events but unharmed. 
“You dare defy my orders and blaspheme against me?! I should cast you to Helheim till the day of Ragnarok, there you could stay in pain and misery.” He yelled. 
“Stop!” Interjected Loki appearing in front of Odin clearly afraid but unwilling to leave his wife to her well-deserved fate. 
“Father how good to see you, now it’s really a party.” Kol said sarcastically. “How nice of you to come running when Sigyn is threatened but when she’s about to kill me your nowhere to be found, thankfully my grandfather is there for me.” 
“Insolent whelp how dare you question your fathers motives.” Snapped Loki. 
“Actually it wasn’t a question, I made a statement of the facts.” Kol smiled defiantly. 
“You ungrateful whelp!” Loki shrieked trying to backhand Kol in the face. 
Grabbing his wrist Odin stopped Loki mid-swing. “You will not strike my grandchild especially for an offense you do yourself, if you want to blame someone for how he speaks look in a mirror son, for it is you that gave him this trait.” 
“Why do you attack my wife Allfather?” Loki questioned ignoring the comment and Kol for the moment. 
“Because she attacked these demigods violating my order, because of her actions their progress has been impeded in the quests and then she compounded this action by insulting and questioning my authority, anytime someone challenges me in this way I deal with it quickly and decisively you know this and so does she.” 
“She meant no offense father if anyone is to blame it is the Greek.” Loki said accusingly pointing at Hecate. “Every time they are around our people are on edge and lose their control, our alliance with them is a mistake that will one day prove the downfall of Asgard.” 
“You would know all about the downfall of Asgard wouldn’t you father? Blaming such a thing on our allies is low even for you.” Questioned Kol smartly. 
“You know son I had hoped that you would be more like me, but I can see that more often than not you lean towards being like your uncle, that’s an unhealthy habit we’ll have to break you of and believe me I will break of it one way or another.” 
“By the by father, that reminds me did you hear that in recompense for killing Ragnar I have given myself to Thor as his son? Don’t worry though, you too are still my father and I will never deny you. However, he is now my father for that is what Thor asked of me in penance and I gladly accepted.” Smiled Kol. 
“And here we are one big happy family.” Exclaimed Hallthor boldly hugging Odin and Kol close to him. “Come on uncle jump in here and make the hug complete big guy.” 
“I think not nephew, it was a well-played move by your father to adopt you Kol. I see that the games of who Kol will be have begun. I will not be outmaneuvered by him now or ever, one way or another Kol you will be the son I wanted you to be.” Laughed Loki vanishing into smoke along with Sigyn. 
“Thank you Hecate and you grandfather for your well-timed intervention.” Kol lowered his head before he and the others dropped to their knees. 
“It was lucky I happened to come and check on you when I did, I shudder to think of what Sigyn may have done to you had I not.” Hecate smiled placing her hand under Kol’s chin and raising his head to look her in the eye. 
“As for me, I have watched you often my grandchild and I am very pleased with your choices and your progress, you have dispelled any doubts of you being a good man I know that is who you are. Keep on your path and one day I promise that you will join the gods in Asgard on a seat near to me. The same holds true of you Hallthor as well, I could not have asked for better grandchildren, as for you Curios, Zeus has spoken highly of you and you are well on your way to joining the Olympians and the right hand throne of your father.” 
“Lord Odin, since it is because of a goddess that they have been so hindered would it not be just to aid them somehow on their quest?” Questioned Hecate with a wink at Kol. 
Pondering for a moment Odin finally broke into a huge grin. “I believe it is only fair to do so, if only as a way of recompense for the problem they faced. Thus I will tell you to journey south, solve this riddle along the way and you will know where to go: The lost god is in a place that faces both land and sea, if you feel the spray upon your face one direction will there be. Listen close and hear the bark of the color yellow green and at that time you will find the god that has hence remained unseen.” 
With a musical laugh Hecate grinned widely at Kol and the others before looking back at Odin. “Very clever Lord Odin, the answer is right there young ones. Hopefully you are clever enough to decipher it, I have faith that you will but in the meantime as a gift to you for your bravery I have arranged for a ship to take you to Ktn. The captain is waiting for you even now, morning has come swiftly after your trying night so must hurry and take your things to the dock. The ship is called the Vard.” 
“Thank you both truly the gods are benevolent and I vow that we will not fail any of you.” Beamed Kol before turning to his friends. “It’s time to make history, demigod style.” 
 
Chapter 23 
 
“Now that is a nice ship!” Exclaimed Vasos whistling through his teeth as he looked it over. 
“We should make good time to Melos.” Frowned Sevrrir looking a little down trotted. 
“What’s the matter?” Questioned Vasos noticing his frown. 
“Kitty cats don’t like water.” Answered Sander for him in a completely serious tone. 
“Are you calling me a coward you pathetic excuse for a child of the gods? I am Sevrrir son of Heimdal guardian of the gods I don’t know fear! All I know is duty, honor…” 
“And fear of water!” Laughed Sander for a moment before tripping over an oar and falling into the boat. 
“Are you alright?” Giggled Vasos stepping on board himself. 
“Who cares?” Muttered Sevrrir stepping onto the ship past Vasos and over Sander who looked like a turtle on its back. 
“No worries Vasos I’m fine, everything is okay I didn’t spill my drink!” He smiled. 
“That’s nice Sander.” Vasos sighed trying to ignore him as he walked up to the captain of the ship. “Captain Helios I presume.” 
“Indeed.” The captain replied shaking his hand fervently. “You must be Vasos the avenger, it is truly an honor to have you on board. 
“It is an honor to be here when do we sail?” Vasos smiled at the title he had been given. 
“In fact Vasos, if there’s nothing else you need to do or get we’ll sail right now.” He smiled. 
“Everyone and everything is present and accounted for captain, we are excited to get underway so by all means take us to sea.” Vasos replied happily patting him on the back. 
Just then Sevrrir ran past them to the rail throwing up over the side. 
“At least two of us are excited.” Vasos frowned at Sevrrir. “Now if you’ll excuse me captain I’ll introduce you to the others a little later.” 
“I’m looking forward to it.” Laughed the captain walking off and shouting orders to the crew. 
Slowly the ship pulled away from the dock until it reached the open sea, then all at once the ship lurched forward gaining amazing speed as it rocked back and forth while they sailed swiftly towards their destination. As they started to get into the voyage Sander used the time to sleep while 
Vasos learned everything he could about sailing but unfortunately for Sevrrir, he had spent the last hour heaving over the side of the ship with his face changing colors. 
Unable to bare his friend unhappy Vasos walked up rubbing his friend’s back for a moment. “Is there anything I can do to help you with your sea sickness?” 
“It’s not sea sickness.” Sevrrir replied eyeing Sander to make sure he was still napping. 
“What do you mean?” Questioned Vasos following his gaze and slightly lowering his voice. 
With a glance at Sander again (who seemed to be snoring at the moment), just encase though he lowered his voice to a whisper. “Sander was right, because of the lion’s blood in me I am deathly afraid of the water.” 
“I knew it!” Laughed Sander from right behind them startling them both. 
“Quick the only way to calm him down is to get him a saucer of milk.” 
Sevrrir turned full of fury at the comment ready to attack but Sander pointed behind him them with a deathly fearful look on his face. “Look out tidal wave!” 
“You really think I’m going to fall for that?” Questioned Sevrrir stomping towards him until a giant shadow blotted out the sun. “Oh no.” 
“All hands brace for impact!” Yelled the captain confirming Sevrrir’s fears. 
Frantic without meaning to Sevrrir immediately changed into a lion running from the wave until he reached the edge of the ship, with nowhere else to run he quickly turned and froze staring in horror at the oncoming wave until all at once the wave smashed into the ship nearly forcing it to capsize. In seconds the massive lion was washed overboard with his mighty roar being drown out as the water filled its mouth. Anxiously Vasos and Sander ran to the railing searching for their comrade who popped up for a second still in lion form thrashing violently as he tried to stay afloat. To their horror and despair in seconds the fight was over robbing them of their hope as the lion form struggled one last time before it rapidly sank below the surface leaving no trace of him save for the few bubbles that popped on the surface of the water before disappearing completely. 
“Vasos quickly!” Yelled Sander forming a vine from the wood railing and handing it to him before diving into the water. 
Holding on to the vine firmly, Vasos tried to remain hopeful but he realized that he’d been holding his breath in worry himself knowing the paralysis his friend was facing. Seconds passed by but to Vasos it felt like it had already been hours as he stared attentively at the surface of the water waiting for any small sign of his friends. With a jump at the suddenly twitch he felt from the vine tugging for a second against his grip, he sprang into action taking it as a signal that Sander had reached Sevrrir. With all his might Vasos pulled hard on the vine ready to save his friends but to his disappointment the vine flew out of the water cut in half with no signs of his friends. 
“NO!” He yelled preparing to jump into the water himself but before he could the ship shook violently again driving him to the deck with a loud thud as he hit his head on the deck. 
Dazed with blurred vision he rolled onto his stomach staring at the opposite side of the ship where the impact originated Vasos struggled to get his bearings. To his shock what met his eyes was not just the broad railing of the ship, but also a massive figure behind it that slowly rose out of the water. 
The massive and hideous wormlike body slowly rose out of the water, wrinkled like an old hag’s body multiple rings of extra skin sagged up and down the width of the creature covered in algae, grime and bones of creatures long since passed. The color was putrid and sickening to look at as a nasty mix of faded yellow, red, green and dust brown. Without hesitation finally its horrid head breached the water nearly gagging Vasos at the sight, its beady yellow and black eyes were filled with hatred and death. It had no ears or nose to speak of making it look deformed, its massive mouth was foaming and dripping with greenish/black saliva from its jagged dagger like teeth. At the same time a snake like tongue flickered back and forth at the air hungry for food but the worst thing about it was the foul breath that smelled of old fish, rotting flesh, sewage and old seaweed that had been sitting in the sun for days on end. But all that put together wasn’t what made him gag at the moment, what made him almost lose his lunch was the sight of Sander riding on top of the head of the creature known as a Cetea. Holding tightly Sander was struggling as he gripped Sevrrir’s limp body close to him. Visibly Vasos could see that the vines Sander had hastily created were already breaking from the creature thrashing about as it tried vainly to reach them. 
A surge of protective feelings instantly swelled in Vasos replacing his fear with white hot rage in a second getting him over his surprise and calling him into action. With a yell born of primal anger escaping his lips Vasos powers flowed out over the ship and out to sea past the monster frightening not only the crew but the creature as well making everyone freeze with despair. Vasos ran towards the edge of the deck and leapt over the railing with such force and might that with his axe in his hands he sailed through air hitting the creature at the neck and cutting right through the creature leaving a giant hole in his wake. Plunging into the water on the other side of the creature Vasos broke the surface of the water expecting to turn and find the monster dissolving but instead astonishingly he discovered the creature fixing its gaze on him with absolute hatred as it ignored the gaping hole in its neck as if it didn’t exist at all. 
Locking eyes with the monster to keep it from attacking his friends again Vasos noted out of the corner of his eye that Sander was reacting as he hoped throwing Sevrrir’s limp body to the deck of the ship in relative safety now that they were closer to it. As Vasos’ full attention returned to the creature time seemed to slow when so many things abruptly happened at once in the same moment. Landing on the hard deck Sevrrir woke and to his horror drank in the horrible peril his comrades were in, at the same time Sander threw himself to the front of Cetea attacking it with his bare fists using his power to its limit as he forced vines to grow out of it with every blow. Simultaneously the creature dove towards Vasos, intent on devouring him, Vasos reacted by diving under the water trying to avoid the jaws that spelled his certain doom. 
As the creature’s head dove into the water, Sander lost his grip finding himself a second later a float in the ocean for the moment as sadly all he could do was watch the jaws of the creature close in around Vasos obviously not fooled by Vasos’ attempt to avoid him. The shock and sadness hit Sander like a ton of bricks but he had no time to grieve since the creature quickly turned to finish him off as well, swimming as hard as he could Sander breached the surface of the water taking in a much needed gulp of air, but his elation is short lived when the creature exploded from underneath him wrapping it’s rancid tongue around him as it rose in triumph higher and higher out of the ocean. In his mind Sander knew he was done for but to his surprise he wasn’t swallowed or chewed immediately. Perplexed he looked around wondering why until happily he understood what had happened, directly below him Vasos was holding him firmly with one hand while his feet and back strained with all his might to keep the jaws from closing on them both. 
With the angle the creature was now at as it struggled to clamp down on its prey, Sevrrir could see it all happening but felt completely useless since he was unable to help in any way for the moment, desperately he wanted to do something, anything, but every time he saw the water his fear locked him in place paralyzing him into a state of paralysis. 
“I can’t hold it much longer!” Yelled Vasos as he silently prayed to the gods once again. 
“You can if you let me go!” Sander shouted completely ready to make the sacrifice for his friend. “Survive my brother and no matter what I said in the past know that I have always respected you and would never have let harm come to you if I could help it, let me protect you now. Let me do this one thing for you, let me go!” 
“No I won’t, just use your vines to keep the mouth open! We can do this together! I won’t lose you, we both make it or neither of us do brother.” Vasos screamed with clear strain in his voice but filled at the same time with absolute determination. 
“They’re not strong enough we’d both be killed!” Sander reasoned trying to shake himself free of Vasos grip. 
“I won’t let you fall, I won’t lose you! Trust me just use your vines!” Vasos shrieked as he began to lose his grip. 
“The choice isn’t yours anymore, I have to do this Vasos it’s the only way you’ll survive, take care of Sevrrir, goodbye my brother.” Cries Sander forcing vines to grow in between his arm and Vasos hand forcing it open while others strained to fighting the mouth from closing. 
“Gods no!” Bellowed Sevrrir from the deck as he watched Sander disappear down the creature’s throat. 
Looking back at the massive hole in the monster Sevrrir forgot all about his fear as it was replaced by a rage filled power that swelled inside of him, instinctively he changed shape back into a lion as he threw himself into the hole of the creature. Then to everyone’s surprise the lion arose from the bowels visible for just a moment as it clawed his way up the inside of the Cetea destroying everything as it traveled through it. With the crew watching in awe the creature’s somehow still ignored the damage Sevrrir was doing as it forced it’s jaws to close ever more little by little, then, just when it looked like all was lost for Vasos the massive lion body of Sevrrir exploded into the mouth grabbing Vasos in its jaws without hurting him and somehow already had Sander on his back as well. 
With one final wail of pain Cetea shock as it finally began to dissolve into dust dropping the trio into the water. Minutes later the three of them were breathless with their chests heaving but alive back on the safety of the ship, frantically the crew was rushing about to get them blankets, water and food all the while praising their names and deeds. Vowing that they would forever go down in history. 
“Thought you didn’t like me.” Wheezed Sander looking at Sevrrir with a smile. 
Flushed with embarrassment Sevrrir stood quickly running his fingers through his hair as he searched for the right words to say that wouldn’t reveal how he truly felt about his comrade. “I don’t, I just…I just didn’t want anyone taking away my pleasure of killing you myself that’s all.” 
“Of course.” Sander smiled leaving it at that for the moment. 
“So you respect me and really do care for Sevrrir huh?” Questioned Vasos, putting him on the spot. 
“That was the alcohol talking, the real reason I wanted you to drop me is so I could finally be released from this damn quest. Besides I figured you could use a boost of self-esteem before you died.” He yawned shrugging off the question as he opens his flask to end the conversation and occupy himself. 
“Sure it was.” Vasos said getting to his feet with a wink at Sander. 
“It was.” Sander insisted one last time before taking another long drink. 
“I believe you.” Vasos reassured him with a pat on the back. “In any case you both did a great job and I am proud to call both of you my brothers.” 
“Likewise.” Sevrrir nodded shivering still from the dip in the water and his corresponding terror returning. 
“I’ll drink to that.” Sander waved happily. 
Vasos beamed at both of them one last time with new appreciation before he walked over to the captain. “Could I talk to you for a minute?” He questioned pulling him to the side. 
“Sure what’s on your mind?” 
“Actually I’d like to talk to you in complete privacy if I could.” Vasos whispered looking around at the rest of the crew that scurried about haphazardly while performing their duties between inspired looks at the trio. “It’s kind of personal.” 
“Say no more let’s head to my cabin.” The captain said quickly nodding towards his quarters. 
Vasos hurriedly followed the man to his quarters with a wink at his friends to reassure them as he passed. 
Once Vasos was in the door Helios closed them quickly locked them up tightly to avoid any possible interruptions. “Before you say anything Vasos I want to tell you how impressed I was with you and your men. Not many people, heroes, demigods or otherwise would have been able to defeat that thing.” 
“Thank you and let me say I’m sorry to have disappointed you by the way.” He replied flatly playing with something’s on the captain’s desk. 
“Excuse me?” The captain answered looking surprised and nervous. 
“Don’t look so offended or surprised, because it won’t fool me. I found it very odd that the Cetea which just happens to be one of Eris’ creatures by the way, attacked us an hour after we departed but didn’t really attack the ship only the demigods aboard and what happened while we were being attacked and fighting for our lives? You and your crew did nothing to aid us, curious don’t you think?” He questioned edging closer to him. 
“Everyone was just in shock that’s all, we’re not trained soldiers.” He answered nervously clearly uncomfortable about the turn the questioning had taken while he edged towards his sword on the desk. 
“Go ahead reach for it.” Smiled Vasos sitting down and leaning back in the chair opposite the captain. “You know you want to, just think of it, we’re completely alone. No witnesses in here, you could make up any story to my friends and the crew after you took care of me and then while everyone’s guard is down you could attack my partners before they knew what was happening.” 
Lunging for the sword Helios was surprised to see that Vasos didn’t even move an inch to stop him, instead he just sat in the chair watching calmly as if completely unconcerned at the situation. 
“You should have brought a weapon in here with you.” Smiled the Captain confidently as he pointed the sword at Vasos. 
“Why is that? What could you possibly do against me mortal? What can you do against a man that is a weapon unto himself?” Questioned Vasos with a smile still completely tranquil. 
Thinking about the situation more thoroughly Helios started to shake for a moment before he suddenly burst into tears. “No one will ever love me, I was promised that if I delivered you to the monster that would change at last.” He cried dropping to his knees in front of Vasos. 
Rolling his eyes Vasos stood up slapping him in the face so hard he dropped his sword. “Pull it together man! Now tell me what was your deal and with who?” 
 
Chapter 24 
 
“I suck at riddles.” Sighed Hallthor causing Kol and Curios to roll their eyes as they walked down to the beach together. 
“Believe it or not Hallthor we heard you the first five times you said that.” Groaned Curios pinching the bridge of his nose to stave off the headache that had begun developing from the situation. 
“You don’t get it, I tried my hand at riddles, Thor gave me a riddle once so I could find magic armor but I couldn’t figure it out, I tried for a year straight and couldn’t figure it out.” I know I keep saying the same thing over and over again but I just feel bad that I won’t be any help in figuring this out. 
“Don’t worry about it Hallthor, we all have our own strengths and weaknesses. What one of us has trouble with the others make up for and you know I’d love to take a shot at helping you find that armor but right now we have a little too much going on. However should we happen to survive these quests I’ll be more than happy to help you find it.” Smiled Kol looking at Curios who nodded vehemently in agreement. 
“I appreciate the offer guys but Thor told me that this quest was easily one that is said to be one that neither I nor any other demigod would be able to survive.” He said somberly staring at the ground. “Maybe that’s why I didn’t figure it out, I hate to admit it but I was a little afraid.” 
“Why give you the riddle then if it was so dangerous?” Asked Curios with a slightly raised eyebrow. 
“Because I was obsessed with the armor and I begged him to tell me the riddle.” Hallthor moped in answer as he kicked up some dirt as they walked. 
“Fear is nothing to be ashamed of Hallthor, everyone feels it from time to time.” Smiled Curios reassuringly as he patted him on the back trying to make him feel better. 
“Out of curiosity what is the riddle?” Questioned Kol thoroughly intrigued at the sound of danger and adventure. 
Thinking for a moment Hallthor cleared his throat. “In the land where the red wind blows and stones are made to point at the sky, there is a hall with ages past flowing right by your eye. Digging down is the way to find the first king who’s dressed in rags where it will be, but you better move once you have it post haste or no more days you shall see.” 
“Cryptic.” Whispered Curious scratching his head. 
“Hmm, interesting. We’ll figure it out and deal with it together brother, one way or another that armor will be yours.” Kol said firmly as they stopped in front of a large ship. 
“Here we are.” Curios stated changing the subject as he stared at the ship with respect. 
The giant wooden ship was one of the biggest any of them had ever seen. It was twice as big as regular ships of the time, the deck curved up into a massive dragon’s upper body detailing the forearms, head and wings of the creature. On each side of the ship twenty oars jutted out of the sides and above each one were shields ready for an attack at a moment’s notice. The massive sail was white but had a stitched emblem of Thor on it signifying the patron god of the people. 
“Well let’s get moving Ktn awaits.” Kol smiled happily throwing his arms around the other’s shoulders leading them forward. 
“Hey where are the bags Kol you said you were going to carry them.” Questioned Hallthor noticing their absence for the first time. 
“Right here.” Kol answered confidently as he focused energy between his hands for a second causing the bags to appear from thin air and then disappear again. “The advantage of magic.” He said with a wink as they began to walk up the ramp to the ship. 
“I’ll say.” Curios answered clearly impressed. “What else can you do?” 
“I can fly using magic and summon a magic staff to focus blasts of power through and I’m sure that I can probably do more but I haven’t had my abilities for that long.” 
“Anything without using magic?” Asked Curios playfully. 
“What about that freezing thing you do? Hallthor reminded Kol. 
“The freezing ability comes from Loki being a child of the frost giants, and my father along with being the god of magic also controls shape changing, manipulation, fire and thievery but I haven’t been able to shape shift yet or control fire and tricking people or stealing just doesn’t feel right.” Kol sighed clearly bothered by the thought. 
“We’ll all have to practice with our abilities even the ones we’re uncomfortable with, I have a feeling we’re going to need every ounce of power we have in our journey ahead, now what about your mother what was she like?” Pushed Curios to change the subject a little. 
Hanging his head with a frown as he walked up the plank onto the ship Kol whispered the answer uncomfortably. “I never knew my mother and my father never talks about her, every time I bring it up he gets angry and changes the subject. I don’t even know her name.” 
“I’m sorry I didn’t mean to bring up a painful memory.” Curios whispered as he mentally kicked himself. 
Forcing a smile Kol shook his head jokingly like he was unfazed by the question. “Not to worry Curios, there was no way for you to know. Besides I’ve put it behind me already.” 
“Permission to come aboard?” Hollered Hallthor interrupting the others conversation. 
“Identify yourselves first!” Responded a voice that sounded both upset and scared at the same time. 
“I am Kol and with me are Hallthor and Curios, Lady Hecate sent us to you.” 
“Come aboard.” Answered a burly short round man about four feet tall coming into view finally. 
Looking him over they noted that he was a broad chested individual with a long black flowing beard that intermingled with his long black hair in a fantastic mess that was so intertwined that you couldn’t tell where one ended and the other began. Unlike most captains he was dressed like a soldier instead of a sailor, he wore a chainmail shirt and brown leather warrior pants that tucked into his large black boots. At his side hung a sword that looked too big for him to lift making it hard not to laugh as it slightly dragged along the floor from time to time. 
“Let’s get something straight you land fairing punks, I don’t like you or your kind and I guarantee that once you get to know me you won’t like me either. The only reason I’m doing this is because of his precious daddy.” He yelled in their faces while pointing at Curios. 
“What?” Curios asked stunned. 
“I was a no one thrown out of my home because of my love of the sea, my most fervent wish was to sail the seas for the rest of my life but I had no way to buy a ship of my own and because of my small stature no one wanted to take me on as a part of their crew. So I prayed and prayed to Poseidon never believing he would listen, but to my surprise he answered. That grand old sea dog of a god gave me this magic ship, I don't need a crew to run it, all I have to do is think of where I want to go and it does. I don’t need to fix it because it fixes itself but anything you get from the gods comes at a price, in exchange for the ship I had to swear allegiance to the gods of the sea for ten years.” He ranted with a spit on the deck at the end which cleaned itself immediately.  
“What a nice bed time story I’ll sleep better knowing you hate us and actually don’t want to be doing this at all.” Hallthor grunted stepping onto the ship past the man with a slight bump of his shoulder. 
“Right now let’s just get underway Captain…?” Kol said with a shrug unfazed by the attitude. 
“Floggen.” He grunted while staring at Hallthor as he headed to the wheel. 
“Floggen the terrible?” Questioned Hallthor with a laugh. 
“Some call me that.” He huffed sticking out his chest and hitting it with pride. 
“I pictured you differently, the stories say you are ten feet tall and the best swordsmen to sail the seas.” Clearly the stories were exaggerated Hallthor smirked. 
“Wait the guy taking us to Ktn is a pirate?” Asked Kol a little unsure about associating with a pirate. “How can we trust you?” 
“First off, if you think I’m not the best swordsmen on the sea feel free to test me, secondly I’m not a pirate, I prefer to call myself a treasure relocation expert. Third I don’t care if you trust me or not, the gods told me to pick you up and take you somewhere so I am, if you choose not to journey on my ship that’s on you not me kid.” Floggen said with a dismissive wave over his shoulder. 
“Best swordsmen or not you couldn’t handle any of us one on one, let alone all three at once so I’d rethink your little attitude of boasting because if we can’t trust you we’ll throw you over board and take the ship for ourselves to Ktn, after all I’m sure Curios could control the ship just fine.” Snapped Kol stomping towards Floggen with the others close behind. 
“You’d try and steal it from me? I wouldn’t expect such behavior from children of the gods, how would your parents look on that decision I wonder?” He laughed heading the ship out to sea. 
“I’m the son of Loki god of thieves and evil it wouldn’t be so out of the ordinary for me, besides according to you we’re just relocating the treasure we’ve found not stealing it.” Laughed Kol summoning his staff as a show of power. 
“Ok kid, no need to get all worked up, I will tell you something that might put your mind at ease. I can’t betray my promise to help, which means getting you there in one piece and if you still need more convincing then that I’ll let you in on a little secret, another god, Njord is planning on testing you on this voyage, he is going to send some sort of monster against you. I wasn’t supposed to tell you but what the heck? What’s a little light defiance of the gods among friends?” He smiled wickedly. “Feel better now?” 
“Wonderful.” Groaned Hallthor turning a little green the further they got out to sea. 
“Good I’m glad I can help, now with how fast this baby can travel we should be at Ktn in a few days, I mean provided you don’t die that is.” Floggen said cheerfully. 
“I’m not worried about it, we have the son of a sea god on our side.” Kol said proudly patting Curios on the back. 
“Njord is a god of the sea as well though, for all we know he could counter my powers to test us.” Frowned Curios looking at all the angles nervously. 
“Not exactly motivational is he?” Questioned Floggen slightly shaking his head with a giggle. 
“Listen I’m not saying I can’t help or won’t try, I’m just saying let’s not bet everything on the fact that I’m the son of Poseidon. If we’re going to do this and any other quest it has to be as a team. We are stronger together.” Curios explained realizing how what he said sounded. 
“I didn’t mean for it to sound like it’s all on you Curios, all I’m saying is I feel better that you are with us.” Kol amended realizing what part he had played in what Curios felt. 
“We’ll take care of anything he can send against us.” Hallthor chimed in as well. 
“Such confidence does you credit son of Thor.” Declared Hephaestus appearing next to Floggen startling them all. 
“Great. Just what I need.” Complained Floggen quickly regaining his bearings. 
“I see you still have the warming personality of a gorgon Floggen.” Hephaestus laughed heartily as he slapped him on the back so hard that Floggen nearly flew over the helm. 
“What would you expect from someone you had removed from his people?” He retorted righting himself again. 
“For the last time I had nothing to do with your being cast out from the dwarf people, you did that all on your own.” He said clearly bothered at the comment. 
“No wonder you’re so short when speaking to us.” Exclaimed Hallthor with a laugh. 
“Excuse me?” Questioned Floggen. “You got a problem with the dwarves or short people?” 
“Not at all.” Hallthor answered sarcastically to play with the captain. 
“That’s it come here you little upstart.” Floggen yelled pulling out his sword angrily. 
“While those two play you and Curios come here and speak with me Kol.” Laughed Hephaestus as he watched Floggen chase Hallthor all over the ship. 
“What can we do for you my lord Hephaestus?” Questioned Curios with a deep bow. 
“On the contrary it’s what I can do for you my young friends. My adopted son Vasos is currently on his quests, like you, he and his companions have faced and will face many trails along the way before your companies join together and with him the two of you continue on by yourselves. The more that I thought about this the more it bothered me, you two will need to work like a well-oiled machine so I would prefer it if you both at least begin to talk now so you may get to know one another. It will help you both work together much easier when you meet, to that end I give you this automaton.” He explained as he raised his arm for a large eagle to land from the sky. “With this creature you may speak any message that it will record and it will speed it to Vasos wherever he may be. He will do the same so the two of you can talk now, simply press the button on the chest.” 
“Thank you my lord but may I ask why it is that you didn’t take this to Vasos first? Surely it would have been much easier for you to take it to him.” Pondered Kol a little confused. 
“Maybe it would have been were I not being watched so closely by Zeus. He believes I am helping Vasos too much because of the complaints made by Ares.” He answered darkly. 
“Not to sound ungrateful my lord but I think I deserve to know if that’s what this is really about. If so I have no issue with it whatsoever, I just need to know where I stand in relation to the gods that aid us.” Kol stated trying to sound respectful even though he was questioning a god. 
“No offense taken my young friend, it is about helping you both I assure you.” He smiled. 
“Again we thank you then my lord.” Smiled Curios. “Is there no way that we can repay you?” 
“Maybe there is a way you can Curios, my son and his friends haven’t any powers over the sea and already they have narrowly survived an encounter with a monster, if there is any way at all you could help them I would greatly appreciate it.” Hephaestus answered hopefully.   
“I will do my best to help them my lord, you have my word.” He bowed determined to do something to aid the others. 
“Thank you, now I must go. I do not wish for certain other gods to find me here and trails of your own approach, farewell my young friends.” He said disappearing immediately. 
“Hey guys any help here would be nice.” Yelled Hallthor still running from the Captain as he climbed the mast with Floggen in hot pursuit. “Hey short stuff relax already, Hallthor didn’t mean anything by what he said.” Shouted Curios. “He was merely poking fun that’s all.” 
“Short stuff?” Questioned Floggen dropping down and stomping over towards Curios. “Say that to my face fish bait!” 
“Fine.” Laughed Kol kneeling to see the dwarf eye to eye. 
“Why you arrogant little…” Roared Floggen running at Kol and trying to tackle him only to fly through the conjured image of the demigod and sailing over board into the water. 
“How’s the water little man?” Questioned Kol staring at the dwarf. 
“Maybe the cool water will douse that hot temper of yours.” 
“Pull me out right now!” He demanded splashing wildly. 
“Only if you’ve calmed down.” Kol reasoned before lending any aid to him. 
“Fine I’m calm, now get me back on the ship so I can thrash you!” He yelled back. 
“I’m betting that’s the best we’re going to get out of him.” Curios pointed out to Kol because he started feeling bad about what the poor captain was going through. “You want to do the honors or should I?” 
“Be my guest.” Kol said leaning leisurely against the railing. 
Instantly a torrent of water in the shape of a hand lifted Floggen out of the water depositing him on the deck. 
“Now, no more trouble out of you or its back in the drink for good.” Kol warned walking back to Hallthor who was just now getting down from the mast. “You okay?” 
“Yeah. Anyway, what did Hephaestus say? I couldn’t hear over the screaming.” He chuckled looking at Floggen out of the corner of his eye. “He gave us a gift to communicate with our counterparts.” Kol answered happily pointing to the majestic device. 
Finally having his bearings again Floggen shoved his way in between them as he stared at Hallthor pointedly. “Next time you disrespect me, promise be damned I’ll end you for good boy.” 
“I didn’t want to hurt you Floggen but if you attack me again all bets are off ugly.” Hallthor sneered feeling anger at the threat. 
“We’ll see about that punk.” He said trudging towards his cabin. “I’ll be in my quarters don’t bother me unless the world is ending.” 
“You’re an Idiot.” Yelled Hallthor. 
“You’re stupid!” He yelled back slamming the door. 
“I like that guy.” Smiled Hallthor happily turning back towards Kol. 
“Right…anyway, I’m going to send a message to Vasos now, I’m eager to find out about the guy. Is there anything you guys want to say?” 
“Hmm, I’m not sure yet. What are you going to say?” Hallthor pondered. 
“That depends on Curios, have you decided what help you’re going to send?” Kol answered turning towards Curios. 
“Not yet, I’m not sure how or what I could do.” Curios answered dejectedly.  
“Well then for now I’ll wing it and you’ll hear what I decided to say.” 
Lifting his arm the eagle immediately landed on it, pressing the button Kol smiled at them excited at the chance to communicate with Vasos. “Hail Vasos, I am Kol. Surely you have been told of me the way I have been told about you, we both have many trail and tribulations ahead and when we meet for the quest we must handle alone we need to work together like a team that has fought side by side for years. The first step to that is getting to know each other so your father gave us this gift so our two groups could communicate and we could get to know each other. 
Right now myself and my two companions Hallthor, son of Thor, and Curios, son of Poseidon are heading to Ktn. For our first quest I have been charged to find the lost god Od. All we have is a riddle to go by, a riddle we have yet to solve. Also, Curios is planning on trying to help you on your journey over water as we have heard you have no powers over them, we’re not sure what he’s going to be able to do yet but anything we can do to help we will. I look forward to hearing from you, until then may the Norns bless your journey.” With that Kol pressed the button again and anxiously awaited the next step, as they watched a whirl of gears and mechanics engaged sending the bird into the air as it soared into the air shooting through the sky so fast Kol couldn’t help but wonder how long it would be before it reached Vasos. 
“What do you think he’ll say?” Questioned Hallthor. 
Curios answered gravely, staring out over the water with a focus that told them the seriousness of the situation had changed. “Who knows? But right now we have other things to worry about, I can feel a shift rolling across the ocean, something comes for us. Now is the time our tests begin.” 
 
Chapter 25 
 
“And what did Pontos promise you and why has he chosen to attack us?” Vasos asked sternly pacing back and forth in front of the captain. 
“He promised that the crew and I would have its weight in gold and forever we would be safe when sailing. As for why he has targeted you I don’t know he didn’t tell me and I didn’t ask.” 
“I will get to the bottom of why he has attacked us but as for you and your crew my treacherous friend, you will get in the life boats and leave, my friends and I will handle the voyage to Melos.” Leered Vasos. 
“You can’t do this! I won’t order my men to do it you’ll have to kill us all before we abandon our ship!” The captain yelled hoping that he could alert the crew. 
Realizing what he was trying to do Vasos laughed so hard and loud that it filled the entire cabin. “Like you’ll have a choice.” 
Changing his voice to use his siren call, Vasos stared into the man’s eyes ordering the captain to say nothing to anyone but instead just call his friends into the cabin, obeying instantly Helios headed out calling the other two demigods into the cabin. 
“What’s going on Vasos?” Questioned Sevrrir entering the room already on edge. 
“We have been betrayed by the crew and the captain.” Quickly he filled them in on the conversation he had with the captain and his plan moving forward. 
“That’s all well and good but I don’t know how to sail.” Worried Sander nursing his flask. 
“I have some experience but I’m not sure how helpful I’ll be with my fear.” Chimed in Sevrrir a little worried himself. 
“So do I and I’m sure you’ll be fine we’ll figure out how to help you with it later, but between the two of us we should be alright to sail the ship. It’s that or we stay on a ship full of people we can’t trust. I don’t see that we have much choice.” Vasos pointed out. 
“I hope we can overcome my fear but first we have to figure out how to get the crew to go into the boats willingly.” Stated Sevrrir tackling one problem at a time. 
“I’ve got an idea on that.” Hiccupped Sander. 
“What’d you have in mind?” Inquired Vasos with a mischievous smile. 
Five minutes later the captain and his crew were stumbling around the deck feeling drunk and desperately trying to get into the boats they have just fallen in love with. As the trio watched the crew emptied into the boats kissing the wood everywhere they could, so enamored with the boats that they jealously began fighting among themselves. As they watched laughing at the show Sander waved his hand one last time driving insanity into the minds of the crew. Frantically the crews’ demeanor changed, hurriedly they screeched and howled dropping the boats into the water to get away from the ship infected with the crazy thought that the ship was somehow going to eat them. 
“I’ve got to say that was actually a really good plan.” Sevrrir said begrudgingly as he looked at Sander with reluctant respect. 
“That’s right I’m not just another pretty face.” Sander winked before falling over completely drunk. 
“I’ll say.” Laughed Vasos until suddenly the giant metal eagle landed on the deck in front of him putting him on edge to fight. 
Quick as thought vines abruptly wrapped around the automaton and the axe Sverrir carried swung towards the creation only to be stopped Vasos sword at the last second. 
“Relax guys, that’s an automaton one of my father’s creations no doubt. It’s probably a gift to help us on our journey.” Vasos explained quickly calming them down. “Great reactions though, you both make me proud to be your brother, whoa to anyone who would dare challenge us.” 
Reluctantly Sander removed his vines and Sevrrir put away his axe waiting to see what would happen next. Together they stared at the eagle which simply cocked its head back and forth waiting for them to do something. 
After a minute Sander broke the silence that was driving him crazy. “Well what happens now obviously just staring at the thing isn’t accomplishing anything other than making my eyes hurt?” 
“I’m not sure.” Vasos exclaimed bending down as he slowly ran his fingers over the bird searching for anything out of the ordinary. 
As he searched the back of the bird, all of a sudden the button that was flush with the chest began beeping insistently startling them all. 
“Push it.” Vasos motioned to Sevrrir with a bump. 
“It’s your father’s whatever, you push it. How do I know that thing isn’t going to shock or attack or something if I touch it, if you’re so sure he sent it you do it.” Sevrrir reasoned nudging him back. 
“Relax Sevrrir it not like it’s made of water.” He joked pushing the button. 
Immediately after the button was pressed the message Kol recorded plays back for Vasos and the others to hear in perfect clarity. 
Once it finished playing Vasos looked at the others silently for their opinions. 
“A riddle to find a god? That sucks, at least we know where we have to go.” Pointed out Sander shaking his head. 
“For now, who knows what the future will hold, for instance our second quest is where we need to find the lost armor of Achilles. No one knows where it is.” Sighed Vasos. 
“I wonder what help this Curios can send?” Pondered Sevrrir. “Anything he could do would be nice but I don’t see how he can help from half a world away.” 
“Who knows? But like you said any help we can get would be great, we’re at a serious disadvantage here at sea and I seriously doubt that the enemies we have on this voyage are done.” Chimed in Sander. 
“I’m wondering what the hell a Norn is.” Puzzled Vasos scratching his head. 
“Norns are the fates that have control in our lands.” Answered Sevrrir quickly explaining. “What do you think we should say back?” 
“I’ll figure it out, I’m guessing that we just press the button again to send a message.” Vasos answered pressing the button. “Kol it’s good to hear from you and know that someone else can appreciate what we are going through and I agree with you and my father, it is best that we began to build trust with each other now. I stand here with Sander, demigod son of Dionysus and Sevrrir, demigod son of Heimdal. We are sailing to the island of Rhodes where our first quest is for us to defeat Chrysaor, the feared son of Poseidon and Medusa and retrieve his golden mask. For this quest we will have to travel a long way over water so anything Curios could do would be greatly appreciated. Our journey has already been fraught with problems as you may or may not know, we were attacked by a Cetea barely surviving its onslaught. Also, we discovered that it was the ancient sea god Pontos who sent the creature after us and bribed the crew to turn against us, although we have yet to find out why. Fortunately we have handled both problems and are none the worse for wear, but now we are the only ones left on the ship and have very little sailing experience. In regard to the problem of the riddle you face, if you tell us what it is we will help try and solve it, so until we hear from you my friend good luck and may the fates protect you as well.” 
At the end of his message Vasos pressed the button and watched with awe as the bird sailed into the air at amazing speed. 
“A lot of good that does.” Huffed Sevrrir. “I mean I hope that they can send help but in the end will the gods even allow them to? This quest is ours after all, if they wanted us to work together we’d all be together wouldn’t we?” 
“We’ll find out, if they are stopped from sending help or the gods keep us from solving the puzzle it’ll be pretty clear but if that was the case then I don’t think my father would have made the creation in the first place or have been able to give it to us.” Replied Vasos nonchalantly as he walked to the helm. “Now let’s see if we can figure out where the hell we are since we’ve just been letting the ship sail on its own since the crew left.” 
“What we need is help.” Sighed Sander. “No offense to either of you but I’m not sure that you can get us there, it takes a whole crew to sail a ship. Having the both of you sail by yourselves is like me getting drunk and trying to win a horse race without a horse.” 
“Do you have anything other than complaints and doubts to go with that meal of depression?” Questioned Sevrrir clearly annoyed at his reaction. 
“What about Bion? He said that anything we need he’d be willing to help.” He answered thoughtfully taking them by surprise at his seriousness. 
“It’s worth a try.” Agreed Vasos pouring over some maps while they talked. 
“I’m starting to feel sick again.” Announced Sevrrir holding his stomach. 
“Drink?” Offered Sander helpfully shoving the flask in his face making Sevrrir gag even more instead of helping him. 
“Oh gods.” He stammered holding his hand over his mouth as he ran to the side of the ship to throw up again with Sander in hot pursuit. 
With an exhale Vasos watched Sevrrir getting sick again and Sander intent on tormenting him. “Bion, it’s Vasos, I hate to ask you for help but we’re kind of lost at sea here, literally. If you are able to help we could really use it.” 
Shocking Vasos a hand appeared on his shoulder. “There’s nothing wrong with asking for help from family Vasos, I told you if there was anything I could do I would.” 
“Lord Bion.” He smiled bowing quickly but when he looked up Bion was busy watching and laughing at Sevrrir and Sander. 
Following his gaze Vasos was just in time to see Sevrrir turn into a lion and hit Sander with a clawless swipe sending him across the deck. 
Sander was laughing so uncontrollably he couldn’t stand until he saw that his flask was no longer in his pocket but instead on the floor of the deck spilling out freely. 
“Not the wine! Anything but the wine!” He yelled scrambling to get the flask. 
“They are too funny. How you get anything done at all is beyond me.” Bion chuckled looking back at Vasos. “So anyway what is it you would ask of me?” 
“Well we have a problem here, the crew betrayed us under the influence of Pontos so we had to get rid of them which we did, but now we are but three men left to sail one ship and we don’t really have all that much experience so we need help there. Also we wish to know why Pontos would have conspired against us in the first place and if you can help us against him.” 
“That is a tall request my friend, I will do my best to help you but first let’s take care of Sevrrir’s issue.” Walking over to him with a simple touch he removed his fear of water once and for all. “As a gift to you Sevrrir I remove your fear of water and should you ever wish it I will also give you wings to aid you in your lion form. Although I’m not sure that your mother would approve of such a change.” 
“Thank you Bion.” He bowed happily at feeling better. “I would indeed like to have the wings but first I must speak with my mother my Lord.” 
“As for why Pontos has attacked and worked against you is obvious, he has made a deal with Ares and Eris, this is a lesson and sign of things to come, you must beware for they have many allies and this is just the beginning. Unfortunately, I cannot attack him directly to aid you, Zeus forbids a war among the gods.” He said rolling his eyes at the thought of the decree. “Furthermore I regret to inform you that he is already sending another creature to attack you, but take heart for Curios will be sending help to you. Now when it comes to the ship I am not a titan of the sea, I am the titan of the earth that’s about as far away as you can get so even though I cannot force the ship to magically go where needed, I can however bestow upon you the ability to feel the land of this place you are sailing to which will help guide your way. Never will you be lost at sea again because you will be drawn to the land of your choosing.” He smiled at his witty way around the problem. 
“Thank you Bion.” Smiled Vasos as well. “Once again we are in your debt.” 
“Anytime my young friend, it is my pleasure to help you anyway I can.” Smiled Bion a little too evilly for Vasos liking before he disappeared without another word. 
“What was that look about?” Questioned Sevrrir walking up to Vasos having noticed it as well. “I’m grateful and all for what he did for me but that look really crept me the hell out.” 
“I agree, something is definitely amiss with him, I’m just not sure what.” Vasos agreed. 
“Who cares? At least we have some hope of surviving now.” Observed Sander staring out over the ocean. “Let’s just get the ship to Melos as soon as possible.” 
“I agree…for now, but before we get there we’re going to have to deal with whatever Pontos sent against us now.” Vasos complained. 
“We’ll defeat it I’m sure.” Smiled Sevrrir now twice as confident with no longer feeling sick. 
Right on cue abruptly the boat shook rocking back and forth as Karkinos the giant crab crawled onto the deck of the ship forcing the boat to slant so much that it nearly capsized. 
“This is what he sent? Not a problem.” Sevrrir observed cockily as he turned into a lion. 
Tensing to leap forward Sevrrir got ready to attack but before he could a giant wave hit the ship forcing him back as a giant sea hydra emerged from the ocean on the other side of the boat. 
Worried at first Sander turned abruptly to Sevrrir who was alright but had a priceless look on his lion face, he was completely soaked and his fur was dripping down and his mouth was gapping at the creature. “Open mouth and insert foot ay kitty.” 
 
Chapter 26 
 
“First things first. Floggen do you have any weapons on board?” Questioned Kol. 
“Why? I’m contracted to sail the ship not fight that’s your problem.” He answered looking at the sky beginning to turn dark. 
“I didn’t ask you to fight did I? I asked if you had weapons on board.” Kol snapped clearly annoyed. 
“You’re as lazy as you are short.” Rumbled Hallthor. 
“Thanks. And you are as ugly as you are dumb.” He snapped back curling his lip into a sneer. 
“So really handsome then.” Hallthor retorted.  
“Ladies please, we have other things to worry about right now you can continue the flirting later.” Exclaimed Kol standing between them. 
“Here it comes! Listen!” Shouted Curios to get their attention. 
Just then a massive screech erupted rolling across the water as a huge man emerged from the water covered in seaweed. The intimidating figure towered over them at fifty feet tall, his clothes were ripped and hanging off of his massive body which faded into smoke for a second and then swiftly reformed again. His eyes were a dull and dinge yellow that matched his horrid teeth and from the knees down he was composed of half a row boat that was covered in mold, seaweed and plankton. His weathered old hands were tightly gripping a giant oar that he was using to slowly row towards them. 
“A draugen!” Yelled Hallthor throwing one of his hammers at it in the hopes of catching it off guard. 
Their hopes were dashed though when the hammer sailed right through the draugen without doing any damage at all before it returned to his hand. 
“What the hell is a draugen?” Questioned Curios staring in awe. 
“He’s the ghost of a man that died at sea, he’s fond of sinking ships and drowning fishermen and sailors.” Answered Kol firing a bolt of magic at the creature. 
Expecting it to go right through like the last attack, Kol and the others were surprised when his shot knocked the creature back a little taking it by surprise as much as it took them by surprise. 
His two friends and Floggen looked over at him for a second with gapping mouths and new respect. 
Shrugging Kol simply stated. “Who knew?” 
“I don’t mean to be pushy but that thing is in the way of where we have to go.” Yawned Floggen. 
“Really? What are the odds? Who would have ever thought that an evil force would appear to attack and be right in the path we have to travel? 
Damn the luck! Why cruel world? Why?!” Bellowed Hallthor sarcastically. “Ha, ha, ha. You know, I really kind of hope you die in the next few minutes.” Replied Floggen serenely. “I’d say nothing personally but let’s be honest I just don’t like you.” 
“I’ll handle the creature, you guys sail around it and when I’m done I’ll catch up.” Demanded Kol lifting into the air. 
“And how do you hope to defeat that thing?” Questioned Curios grabbing onto Kol’s feet before he was out of range so he lifted up with him dangling in the air. 
“Seriously? This is your plan to keep me on the ship holding on to my feet?” Kol frowned at him. 
“Better than my plan, I was going to hit you in the head with my hammer.” Exclaimed Hallthor spinning it his hand. 
Dropping to the deck Kol couldn’t help but smile at their protectiveness. “Listen guys, I know you want to help but this thing is a ghost, your powers won’t even hurt it. I’m the only one who even stands a chance against it, I have to do this alone. We can’t wait for it to get near the ship so just get to safety, you nearly died once already because of me. I won’t risk your safety again you guys mean to much to me, now get out of here.” 
The others wanted to argue but in the end they knew Kol was probably right, so together they sorrowfully watched as the Draugen drew closer fixated on Kol as he walked up to Floggen. 
“Do me a favor Floggen and get them to safety as quick as you can and no matter what happens keep going, do not let them come back for me. I know you don’t like Hallthor but that guy is my brother, please don’t let anything happen to him or Curios.” 
“A little secret for you Kol, I like the guy he’s got guts. Not many people tell me the truth or have the guts to keep jabbing at me, I’ll watch out for your brothers I give you my word.” He said socking Kol in the arm. 
“Good luck kid, I hope you survive.” 
Without another word Kol shot into the air firing bolt after bolt of magic at the ghost as he tried to keep it at bay while the ship sailed widely around it. For the first few minutes it seemed like Kol might actually pull it off, he was flying at such a great speed that the ghost was unable to grab or hit him. Each blast he fired sent a shock through the creature driving it back into the sea but then out of nowhere water crept up behind Kol wrapping him tightly and dragging him into the hand of the Draugen. Frantically Kol struggled to get free as Curios and Hallthor ran to the edge watching the fight in revulsion. 
“We’ve got to help him.” Roared Hallthor. 
“No you’ve got to continue on, Kol risked himself to save you both, honor him by living to fight another day.” Disagreed Floggen shortly at the situation. 
“I’ll honor him alright by saving his life.” Decided Curios diving into the water. 
“I’m right behind you Curios.” Shouted Hallthor getting ready to fly into the air. 
But before he could Floggen tackled him to the deck pinning him to it firmly as he swiftly wrapped a rope around him. 
“You crazy little freak what the hell are you doing? Let me go!” Demanded Hallthor. 
“Not a chance kid, I said I’d protect you two and I’m going to damn it!” Howled Floggen quickly tethering his hands together and then to the nearby mast with the rope. 
“What about Curios? He already got away, you already failed so just let me go! I’ll tell you what, if you let me go I’ll head out and bring him back quick as a flash.” Struggled Hallthor against the rope furiously. 
“I don’t think so pal.” Floggen said heading back towards the helm. 
“But I’ve got to help them!” Hallthor struggled amazed at the strength of the rope. 
“Relax you bone head, I may regret this but I’m heading back to help. After all no one lives forever right?” He laughed wildly as he turned the ship around. 
“I admire your courage but how do you really think you can help? It’s a ghost remember?” Hallthor pointed out. 
“And this is a magic ship, if magic can hurt it then when I ram into the thing it should do some major damage. Or it’ll fail completely we’ll sail right through it and he’ll destroy us in devastating manner.” Replied Floggen matter-of-factly before letting out a sinister laugh. 
As they sped towards the creature the two of them could see Curios cutting through the water and about to reach the Draugen, then right before reaching it Curios dove under the water disappearing from sight for a moment. 
“Hurry Floggen.” Urged Hallthor with a pit in his stomach. 
Suddenly Curios exploded riding a spout of water straight up to the fist holding Kol, with just a touch water flowed in between the creatures fingers prying the hand open dropping Kol onto the spout of water that sped away in an instant carrying the two of them back to the ship and safety for the time being. 
Gently the water deposited the two of them on the deck near Hallthor. 
“Glad to see that you were able to keep at least one of them here.” Muttered Kol turning back toward the creature ready to go and fight again. 
“Kol hold on we can do this together and we have some help on the way.” Said Curios grabbing his arm. 
“Plus since the ship is magic Floggen thinks it might be able to harm the creature if we ram it.” Chimed in Hallthor still struggling against the rope. “By the way I could use a little help here.” 
Walking up to the others Floggen slapped Hallthor on the shoulder as he passed. “You’re fine relax thunderbolt. Now whatever you’re going to do you better do it quickly that thing is heading straight for us.” 
“Okay what’s the help you have on the way?” Questioned Kol forcing himself to wait as he looked at Curios intently. 
“A kraken.” He answered with a huge smile from ear to ear. 
“Nice. Very nice.” Kol nodded happily. 
“What are you thinking Kol?” 
“Watch this.” Replied Kol throwing his hands in the air with power sizzling from them. 
As they watched fog rolled across the water immersing the entire ship and Draugen in a cover so thick they couldn’t see ten feet in front of them. 
“How are we supposed to attack the creature if we can’t see him?” Questioned Floggen with a scowl at Kol. 
“Wait for it.” Kol grinned mischievously without turning to face him or the others. 
Sensing that Kol was finished explaining for the time being they watched in silence as the fog slowly pulled together in five different places creating duplicate looking ships which were complete with exact clones of them on it. 
“That’ll buy us a little time, now for the next part of the plan.” He smiled enjoying the amazed look on the others faces. “It won’t be long before the creature goes through the fake ships so we can’t be forced to wait for the kraken, we must go on the offensive and attack using the ship while we can, I will have one or two of my ships made out of illusion head towards the creature drawing his attention. When he turns to face them we will attack from behind and then hopefully the kraken will be here and able to finish it off.” 
“It should, whatever else this thing may be it is still a creature of the sea. If my powers can hurt it so should the kraken.” Reasoned Curios as his powers flared agitating the water around the ship. 
“Then it’s show time.” Floggen decided happily. 
“Are you guys seriously going to leave me tied to the mast?” Questioned Hallthor sitting against the mast dejectedly. 
“Of course not Hallthor.” Laughed Kol. “Floggen, would you please do the honors?” 
“Nope.” Floggen said walking past Hallthor with a laugh. “I’m needed at the helm.” 
“You foul little troll!” Hallthor screeched. 
“Hey! That’s hitting below the belt!” Snapped Floggen. 
“You’d know all about hitting below the belt wouldn’t you shorty?” He taunted further. 
“Tough talk, say that to my face. Oh wait you can’t because you are tied to the mast.” He laughed wildly. 
“I’m sitting down right here, all you have to do is come here and I will.” Replied Hallthor as Curios worked to cut him free from the magic ropes. 
“Guys, big picture here come on.” Howled Kol to get their attention as he pointed back at the monster. “The illusion ship is almost to him.” 
“Right, let’s do this!” Yelled Floggen urging the ship towards the creature at an amazing speed. 
Right off the plan worked perfectly, the ship hit the monster with an eerie creek as it shattered the boat and destroyed some of the monsters legs at the same time. As the ship plowed through the Draugen it fell backwards landing on the surface of the water wailing in anger. His screams were cut short by the kraken’s sudden appearance, as the four of them watched the giant octopus like creature wrapped the entire Draugen in its tentacles pulling it apart in one swift movement. 
“Masterfully done demigods, you have proved to me that you are brave and true to each other, likewise you are resourceful enough to use your abilities wisely. I, like many others, had to make sure of the heroes you proclaim to be, unfortunately the gods will each want to make their own judgment but believe me, I will do my best to convince the others that no more such tests are needed and as a courtesy to my fellow sea gods son I will send strong winds and good torrents to aid you.” A strong deep voice said from off to the ship near the water that lapped against the ship. 
The four of them quickly looked directly off the railing to see Njord, Norse god of the sea halfway materialized in the water. His green sea weed colored hair was surrounding his face framing it perfectly as it hung down a little past his shoulders. His blue eyes off set the green mustache and beard that hung from his face down over his chest, the hair slightly covered his gold colored armor which was made from the bones of a shark and was covered with the designs of fish scales. His bare arms were rippling and muscular ending in strong weathered hands. His brown pants were held in place by a giant belt with a circular buckle that looked like an eye staring at everything and his feet were completely bare under the water and notably webbed. 
“Great Lord Njord, thank you for your help.” Bowed Curios immediately. 
“It was my pleasure and the least I could do after putting you all through my little test.” Answered Njord sounding regretful. “I apologize, you must be tired of these tests by now.” 
“In truth Lord Njord, I fear that it will always be this way for me and anyone who calls themselves my friend or family.” Answered Kol woefully. “It will not always be such Kol, the importance of this quest goes beyond the testing of you for being a child of Loki, but as demigods you will always be part of two worlds a part of both but at odds with them at the same time. The gods, mortals and monsters will always be interested in what you do and who you are, sometimes you will be praised, other times will you be rewarded and then there are the dark times you will be punished or attacked. This is the life of the children of the gods and although it may seem unfair...” He answered with a thoughtful pause before continuing. “…But how much of everything happens is up to you and the choices you make.” 
“Then we will be praised and rewarded often.” Smiled Hallthor placing a hand on Kol and Curios shoulders. 
“I believe you will. Now speed along your way demigods.” Smiled Njord flipping backwards into the water and disappearing. 
“Ah to be young and the gods punching bag.” Laughed Floggen turning the ship around to head back towards Ktn. 
“Who said that?” Questioned Hallthor whipping around and looking all around the ship for a minute before focusing on the helm. “Oh Floggen it was you, I didn’t see you there over the helm.” 
“Maybe it’s not that I’m short but instead your head is so far up your…” He began only to be cut off by Kol. 
“Look.” Interrupted Kol pointing to the sky. 
They all look up to see the eagle circling for a landing, as they watched the bird landed at Kol’s feet with a bow. After it landed Kol enthusiastically pressed the button eager to hear the message. Together the four of them quietly listened to the message realizing the gravity of their new comrades’ plight instantly. 
“Sounds like they could really use that help.” Frowned Kol. “We were being tested but it sounds to me like the god after them is playing for keeps.” 
“I’m surprised that my father has allowed it to go so far, Pontos shouldn’t be interfering so much, he doesn’t have any authority anymore.” Scowled Curios. 
“I say we send the kraken to help them and stay with them until they get to Melos.” Commented Hallthor in between making faces at Floggen. 
“What if we need it again though?” Questioned Floggen after returning a face to Hallthor. 
“We’ll make due, they don’t have the advantage we do with Curios and they have to sail a non-magic ship by themselves.” Answered Kol. “Better they have the extra help and protection with them.” 
“I agree, I will pray to my father and let him know what Pontos is doing and I will send the kraken to help them now.” Agreed Curios going to rail and jumping over. 
Before he can hit the water a large man appears from nowhere grabbing Curios and throwing him back on the deck. Evilly the man smiled staring at the demigods in silence for a second until Curios growled at the man. 
“Ares, what do you think you’re doing?” Curios demanded getting to his feet. 
Swift as light Ares had the point of his sword at Curios throat but before he could gloat both of Hallthor’s hammers hit him, one in the chest and one in the head sending him flying into the water. Curios tried to rise but immediately Hallthor flew into him having been thrown by Eris who appeared behind them. Swiftly she turned her fury towards Kol, gleefully she shot a giant blast of chaos energy to cripple him. Beyond happy she watched until it unexpectedly sailed right through Kol as he disappeared. 
Before she could figure out what happened a blast of magic twice as big as her attack hit her in the back sending her into the water next to Ares who had just returned to the surface boiling with wrath. 
“I don’t know who you are but no one attacks one of my family.” Kol said glowing with power of his own that lifted his friends to their feet. 
Without answering the two gods shot out of the water floating above the ship with power glowing and swirling around them. 
“I am Ares, Greek god of war! And this is my sister Eris, Greek goddess of discord!” Shouted Ares nearly out of his mind with fury. “Prepare to die!” 
Kol stood between them and his friends ready for the attack when suddenly Floggen yelled at the duo surprising everyone. 
“Ares you dunderheaded fool! Look what you’re doing to my ship! I always knew you were thick but can’t you see they were just protecting their friend? These are Norse demigods how the hell were they supposed to know who you are you twit?” 
“Hold your tongue Floggen before you too feel my wrath!” Ares said completely surprised at Floggen being there, like he hadn’t noticed him before that moment. 
“I’m all shook up, now did you have a reason to be here or are you just defying Zeus’ orders for fun, if so a quick prayer and I’m sure he’ll be here.” Replied Floggen coolly. 
With a glance at Eris who looked to the sky fearfully he floated down to the deck with her calmly. 
“Did you truly not know who I was?” Ares questioned eyeing them suspiciously. 
“We did not.” Answered Hallthor for Kol who was still staring daggers at Ares. 
“I did lord Ares but before I could explain it to the others you had attacked me.” Curios replied flatly. 
“Be thankful I didn’t kill you.” He snapped looking at Curios. “The reason I came here was to speak with Kol.” 
“I’m listening.” Kol growled. 
“I have a proposition for you and your companions, I ask that you send the kraken to Vasos but instead of it helping him have it destroy the ship. In return for this favor I will tell you the answer to the riddle and transport you directly to the location of the second quest once you have completed the first. Just think of it you could cut the danger your friends face in half, what do you say?” 
Kol’s hard look softened a bit as he thought of how nice it would be to know for sure that his brothers would be in much less danger. Until after a minute Kol got an evil smile. “You are generous Lord Ares and you know how to bargain. I must admit that the thought of my brothers being in less danger is appealing, perhaps you, I and Lady Eris should speak further in private.” 
“You’re not actually considering this, are you Kol?” Questioned Hallthor unable to believe what he was hearing. 
“Think of it Hallthor we’d be done with the quests quickly and get the admiration of the gods for it, plus you and Curios would be in much less danger. How could I not consider that?” 
“What about Vasos and the other demigods?” Questioned Curios equally amazed. 
“What about them? We don’t even know them and think about it, in the first message we offer to send them help and what do they offer in return? To help solve a riddle that’s all, now wait here and relax while I talk with lord Ares.” He answered sharply. 
Without waiting for a response Kol turned walking into the captain’s cabin followed by Eris and Ares who smirked at Curios and Hallthor like he had won already. 
“I can’t believe this is happening.” Stated Curios after a moment breaking the silence. 
“Me either.” Agreed Kol standing beside him. “How many terrible things can happen to us?” 
“Kol? I thought you…what’s going on here?” Hallthor said beginning to raise his voice. 
“Shhh!” Kol said looking at the captains’ quarters. “Trick of the light my friends Ares and Eris are talking with an illusion that is agreeing with them, I would never actually betray Vasos and his friends, even though we have never met them we are all bound together and they are family to me. So I figured that while they are busy we will send the kraken to help the others that way they can’t interfere and it gives you time to contact your father as well. In the meantime Hallthor, you and I have to figure out what we’re going to do about the two all-powerful beings that are going to want us dead when they find out I tricked them. Quickly let’s send our message to Vasos and the others so they don’t attack the kraken.” 
 
Chapter 27 
 
“No, swipe at the eyes! The eyes!” Yelled Sander riding on the back of the crab as it wildly shook trying to get him off. 
With a roar Sevrrir protested Sander’s yelling as he clawed and dodged the pincers of the crab. 
“This isn’t working!” Shouted Vasos from the other side of the deck rolling to dodge another bite from one of the heads of the hydra. “Make it fall in love with you.” Sander suggested across the deck while growing vines around the crabs’ eyes. 
“I actually tried but that just made things worse!” He answered jumping backwards. “Why don’t you make that thing drunk so you can get over here and help me?” 
“I tried but that made things worse too!” Answered Sander drinking from his flask. 
“This may be the end.” Shouted Sevrrir returning to human form and drawing his axe. 
Suddenly a new roar conjured from the depths of the ocean exploded from the water as the kraken appeared a little ways off. 
“You’ve got to be kidding me.” Vasos exclaimed. “This is a little more than overkill to deal with isn’t it?” 
Surprising the three demigods the Kraken grabbed the hydra from behind ripping it apart and eating it in a matter of seconds. Realizing that it was probably next the crab scrambled to the edge of the ship dropping over the railing as quickly as it could only to find the kraken had moved to that side with its jaws open waiting for the crab that was now free falling towards it. With a huge snap the crab abruptly met its doom as the demigods watched in shock and awe. 
“I hope that thing is on our side.” Sevrrir said staring at the massive creature that watched them for a second before heading to the back of the ship. 
“Maybe it’s leaving.” Stated Sander hopefully. 
Answering his comment the ship suddenly lurched forward at a speed so fast that the wind blew back their hair. 
“Do we attack it?” Asked Sevrirr unsure what to do next. 
Before Vasos could answer the eagle landed in front of them out of nowhere, without waiting a second he pressed the button to hear the message. 
“Vasos I’m sorry that I have no time for formalities but we have a situation here, Ares and Eris have shown up and we fought them before we knew who they were. Once we found out who and what they were Ares asked us to send the kraken to destroy your ship and help finish you off in exchange he’d help us finish our quests. I created an illusion of myself and lured him into a cabin so we could send the kraken to help you instead. The kraken will push your ship to Melos and help fight any monsters that get in the way, hopefully you will reach your destination before Ares and Eris can give you any more problems, we will keep them here as long as possible. Also, Curios has contacted his father and informed him of the interference Pontos has done, needless to say he wasn’t happy. Good luck Vasos, I better get going before Ares…look out!” Suddenly explosions and fighting could be heard over the recording making Vasos and the others instantly worried. “You dare to make a fool out of the god of war? You and your friends are dead Kol...Screw you Ares! I would never betray Vasos and his friends you want to get at them you’ll have to go through us!” Again the sound is over come with the blasts of power and the crackling of thunder as the demigods bravely fought Ares and Eris before Kol can be heard yelling. “Get to Melos as quick as you can Vasos, we’ll keep Ares here as long as possible!...Kol watch out! Nooooo!” With a beep the message cut off and for the first time Vasos noticed that the bird was burnt and scorched in different places. 
“We owe them a debt that was brave of them to take on Ares for us.” Sevrrir said gravely as he silently hoped they were still alive. 
“They don’t even know us really, for them to have done that was truly…” Sander began. 
“Stupid!” Roared Vasos finishing the thought for Sander. 
“What?” Questioned Sevrrir shocked at Vasos. 
“You both heard me, what an idiotic thing to do, taking on two of the Olympians. They should have just said whatever Ares wanted to hear.” He snapped. 
“Oh really is that what you would have done? Taken the coward’s way out?” Questioned Sevrrir with a yell. 
“Yes.” Replied Vasos stomping towards the cabin with the others close behind. 
“Right because that’s totally your style, that’s why this trip has been so smooth.” Chimed in Sander. 
“Shut up drunk.” Spit Vasos knowing that they were right. 
“That’s Mr. Drunk to you.” 
“Listen Vasos I know why you’re really mad, Sander and I see right through you.” Sighed Sevrrir stepping in front of him. 
“Is that right?” He questioned balling his fists. 
“That’s right, we both know the real reason you’re mad is because you don’t like the fact that others are risking their lives on our account and there’s not a damn thing you can do about it.” Answered Sevrrir staring him in the eye and unwilling to move. 
“Plus it makes it even worse for you that it’s Ares that they are going up against, the god that swore to attack and kill you is instead attacking and killing them.” Sander added cheerfully. 
Slumping his shoulders Vasos walked back towards the railing. “They shouldn’t be in danger because of me.” 
“They made the choice to help us for good or ill and for one I’m thankful they made the choice they did, they were given an impossible decision and made the choice they felt was best. It shows who they are and I have to say that already to me they are like my brothers. Were we given the choice we would have made the same decision I’m sure.” Consoled Sevrrir. “Thanks Sevrrir, but that is cold comfort when I’m still unable to help them.” Vasos said lowering his gaze to the deck. 
“You’ll get your chance buddy.” Interrupted Sander giving him a drink of his flask. “You know that’s if we survive that thing in the water.” He said nonchalantly pointing at a man rising slowly out of the water directly in front of them. 
“What or who is that?” Questioned Sevrrir staring at the man. 
“Someone who is been a thorn in my side for a long time.” Answered Poseidon forming from water at the front of the ship in between them and the man. 
Poseidon’s white and blue hair flowed down his back and slightly covered his proud face, determined he looked young and strong with a ripped body. He was bare chested but wore blue pants that were tight against his legs. In his right hand is a sliver trident was humming with power and his blue/green eyes were glowing with anger. 
“Lord Poseidon.”  The three said while bowing. 
“Needless to say my son informed me of Pontos treachery, he has interfered on your quest and defied me and Olympus for the last time, but I have no time for pleasantries, I must engage him in battle. I will lend speed to the kraken so when I attack him you will be away safely, farewell.” Poseidon explained quickly before turning towards Pontos. 
“Lord Poseidon wait, you need to know that it was Ares that put him up to this and is most likely still fighting your son and his companions as we speak.” Shouted Vasos as the god sped away. 
Stopping in his tracks Poseidon turned back to the ship. “WHAT?! HE WILL PAY!!” He yelled shooting a bolt of power to the heavens. 
Emerging from the sky two bolts of light shot off into the distance as the three demigods watched and wondered what or who it was. 
When they looked back at Pontos they could see the two gods ferociously attacking one another before they were engulfed in a storm. As they watched the ship was hit with wave after wave of power combined with wind, water and rain. Until with a boom the ship tripled in speed sailing past the fight in seconds, struggling to hold on to the railing the three of them got dizzy as the world flew by in a blur. The ship groaned and creaked under the stress falling apart a little at a time until with a boom the ship exploded into splinters throwing the three of them onto the shore of Melos. 
“We made it!” Roared Vasos kissing the ground. 
“And look!” Shouted Sevrrir. “Sander didn’t spill his wine!” 
“Hey that’s my line.” Frowned Sander not sure what to say. 
“Come on Sander I’m just having fun after all, we’re alive!” Sevrrir exclaimed. 
Sander turned towards him to say something but instead pointed in fear. “Tidal wave!” 
Sevrrir instantly changed into a lion picking up Vasos and Sander as he ran by but as fast as he could go the wave was faster. In a massive splash the wave crushed down on them sweeping them further inland until they were finally deposited into a huge lake miles from the sea. Slowly Vasos and the others crawled onto the shore panting heavily. 
“Were alive again! And I still didn’t spill my wine!” Sander shouted jumping in the air triumphantly. 
“No boy, you’re dead. Nobody trespasses on the island of the Arimaspi.” Came a voice followed by several dozen spears pointed at them. 
Vasos turned to see the one eyed nine foot men of the Arimaspi, each one of them was wearing only enough cloth to cover their privates. The only difference between them was they were covered with different tattoos and the man that spoke was wearing a necklace composed of bones. 
“Come with us trespassers the queen would decide your fate.” The main Arimaspi declared firmly. 
“We didn’t mean to trespass the gods are fighting in the ocean, their battle destroyed our ship and the tidal wave marooned us here.” Reasoned Vasos. “Surely you saw the wave for yourselves.” 
“We did but that does not mean that you were not the cause of it, Queen 
Selene will decide if what you say is true. She see all and she knows all.” He answered poking Vasos in the back with his spear the moment he was on his feet. 
 
Chapter 28 
 
Everything was going great for a moment Ares and Eris were busy talking to the fake Kol, Curios had contacted his father and sent the kraken on its way. Kol had even nearly finished recording the message for Vasos when everything went wrong. Somehow Ares had figured out he was talking to a fake Kol proving he wasn’t as stupid as he thought and now if they survived he would have to pay Hallthor some money for losing the bet. Instantly the three of them had to move from the attacks the two gods were firing at them, they seemed to be everywhere and nowhere all at once. Hallthor summoned lightning attacking the best he could while Curios fired energy from his trident and summoned waves of water to continually try and blind them, while Kol shot energy from his staff and made duplicate illusions of them all to try and fool them while he tried to get back to the eagle. Finally he had made it to the recorder and began to finish the message he had to let them know that the kraken wasn’t their enemy but just as Kol was about to press the button he heard Hallthor yell to watch out. Before he could react to the warning Kol was shot by a blast of fire that threw him into the eagle and then over the side of the ship, he struggled to stay conscious but darkness somehow slowly over 
took him. The last thing he saw was a beautiful light forming into a person and catching him before he hit the water. 
Dark red hair flowed backwards as the wind flew through it and her blue eyes were determined and full of confidence. Her immense white wings flapped furiously as she shot past the ship high into the air. Her chiton was pearl white and flowing around her was a blue sash, her feet were bare and her body was perfectly hour glass shaped. In her right hand was a sword luminous in the sun with a silver blade and golden handle. 
“Do not worry young demigod I will not let anything further happen to you.” Smiled Nike the goddess of victory as she looked into his eyes. 
“But the others.” He managed trying to look at the ship still worried about the others. 
“They’ll be fine I assure you, Ares is about to have much bigger problems and I’ll handle Eris as soon as I can place you safely on the ship.” Nike answered in admiration at the concern he placed on the others over himself. 
Just then a ball of light shot past Nike and Kol heading to the ship like a meteor, when it reached the deck the whole ship was encased in power and light for a moment that blinded them all. When the glow faded there was a large man standing in its place. He had black hair that was short and neatly trimmed, he had the muscular body of a weightlifter but it was perfectly proportionate being not too big and not too small. Like many of the other Olympian males he had a beard but it was much smaller and trimmed close to his face, also he was wearing a red Greek chiton and black sandals. In his right hand was a five foot bronze club studded at the end and wrapped at the handle with red cloth and his appearance stopped the fighting all together while everyone waited to hear what he had to say. 
“Still picking on demigod half-brothers Ares?” Questioned the man. “Other than this pathetic son of Poseidon I have no relation to these creatures and this is none of your business Hercules.” Ares said full of venom while still keeping her distance. 
“On the contraire brother I was ordered here by Zeus himself when he found out that you were again defying his orders. Hera won’t be able to protect you this time brother and now I finally get to lose my anger upon you. For too long you helped Hera torment me when I was mortal, now is my repayment for your deeds. What I do now is for me and all the other demigods you attacked throughout the years.” Hercules answered with a pointed look at Ares. 
“You will have to deal with us both brother!” Sneered Eris standing next to Ares defiantly. 
“Will I?” Laughed Hercules as Nike landed next to him with Kol in her arms now completely healed. 
“Don’t worry about Hercules for this day you will answer to me Eris.” Nike stated while handing Kol off to Hallthor and Curios. 
“Delighted to.” She smiled creating a ball of chaos energy. 
“You can’t defeat us Hercules, you never could.” Laughed Ares walking up and standing face to face with the other god. 
Hercules answered his smug remark by hitting Ares with his club so hard that the other god shot into the sky like a comet leaving the earth and heading into space. 
Eris tried to attack Hercules but she didn’t have the time to before Nike was on her, with a flashing blade she slashed and cut Eris in several places ending in a kick that sent Eris flying off the ship. As Eris flipped over and over through the air Nike didn’t hesitate or give her a chance to recover, grabbing onto her ankles she spun around in a circle throwing the other goddess back towards Hercules who was waiting with his bat raised like a baseball player. With perfect timing he whacked her with the bat so hard she flew into the sky running into Ares who was just returning knocking them both into the ocean far away. 
“You need to leave.” Hercules said looking at Hallthor. “Ares will keep trying to attack you even with us here, he’s not bright enough to leave.” 
“The ship has brought you very far and Ktn is close, with the speed of this enchanted ship you should be there within the hour.” Nike continued readying her sword as the two gods sped towards them again. 
Before Kol and his friends could answer Ares was on Hercules fighting sword to club, in a flash the two fought each other until they were swiftly disarmed. Without missing a beat the two of them continuing to fight hand to hand with Ares slowly getting the upper hand. Meanwhile Nike was holding her own against Eris but for the time being neither of them could gain the advantage, Eris was using discord to make Nike’s attacks chaotic while Nike used her power to rob victory from Eris keeping them at a stalemate. The three demigods wanted to help but so much power and speed was happening that they couldn’t get a clear shot on their enemies. Then abruptly Hercules was hit so hard he flew backwards and rolled off of the ship into the water. Taking the opportunity of a clear shot Kol fired a bolt of energy at Ares but to his dismay the god retrieves his sword and batted the attack back at him sending Kol right through the wall of the ship into the cabin. At the sight of his enemies thrown back Ares laughed wildly consumed with the bloodlust of battle as he turned towards Nike who was still busy fighting Eris. Grabbing his attention to keep him from attacking the goddess Hallthor hit him with a bolt of lightning as hard as he could. Standing by his side at the same moment Curios summoned a hand made from water out of the ocean grabbing Ares but with a roar he destroyed it freeing himself in seconds. 
“We need to check on Kol.” Curios urged. 
“I know but right now we have problems of our own.” Hallthor said raising his hammers to defend against Ares. 
“THAT IS ENOUGH!!!” Boomed Zeus’ voice as he walked out of the damaged cabin carrying Kol’s unconscious body in his arms. “YOU HAVE DEFYED ME FOR THE LAST TIME!!!!” 
Power flows around his body visibly sparking freely from his skin in all directions as he yelled, instantly Eris yelped disappearing into thin air leaving Ares to face the wrath by himself. 
“I have the right to justice! These demigods…” 
“Are on a quest for both Olympus and Asgard!” He finished for him. “This will be your last warning Ares, should you directly interfere again you will face Odin and myself and when we are done you can join the titans in their sentence!” 
“This isn’t over Kol!” Screamed Ares turning to flame and shooting into the sky disappearing from sight before anything else could happen. 
“Forgive us father, Nike and I did our best to stop them!” Hercules said climbing back onto the ship disappointed with himself. 
“No forgiveness is necessary Lord Hercules.” Zeus replied with a wink as his shape shifted until Kol was standing there in his place and the other Kol turned to light and disappeared. 
Stunned for a moment Hercules just stared before breaking into a huge laugh that echoed through the air. “Well played young demigod!” 
“Clearly there is more to you Kol than meets the eye, Ares’ multiple attacks on you would have killed most demigods.” Nike pointed out while eyeing him curiously. 
“Just lucky I guess.” He smiled wearily feeling dizzy from the exhaustion. 
“Nonsense!” Bellowed Hercules patting him on the back. “You three held your own against two full blooded gods, I am very proud of all of you and as a former demigod myself I am proud to consider you all my brothers.” “You interest me Kol, I can’t put my finger on it but I will keep my eyes on you.” Smiled Nike winking at him. 
Elbowing Kol in the side playfully Hercules whispers in his ear. “You dog, first Hypatia and now Nike? Not bad at all, you remind me of me when I was still a demigod.” 
“Hercules, that’s not what I meant.” She said in a near whispered voice as she blushing. 
“Sure it’s not.” He laughed. “Just as you were not interested in me that way when I was a demigod still, but whatever you meant we should go and tell Zeus what happened before Ares finds out about the trick Kol played.” 
“Make us proud gentlemen.” Nike smiled proudly pounding her sword against her chest in salute before flying into the sky. 
“Thank you all for the help you have given my great, great grandson and his friends I appreciate it. Now I must join Nike, good journey my friends.” He said disappearing from sight. 
“Well done Kol.” Said Floggen begrudgingly while crawling out of a hidden compartment where he was hiding. 
“Heart of a lion huh?” Asked Hallthor rhetorically. 
“Don’t judge, I would have fought by your side but I didn’t want Ares to sense what I stole from him.” He explained happily holding up two small metal disks. 
“What are those?” Questioned Curios. 
“The Dethian trackers I can find you wherever you are so when you finish on Ktn I can pick you up.” He smiled with a wink. 
“I thought you were only taking us because you were being forced to take us to Ktn.” Questioned Hallthor with a mischievous smile. 
“I was, but I’m getting kind of used to having you guys around that’s all.” He answered focusing on the device in his hands. 
“So how do they work?” Questioned Kol thoroughly interested. 
Glad for the subject change Floggen looked at Kol. “Simple, you press and hold the middle of the device and say show me the way. Watch.” 
Slowly he pressed and held the middle of the device repeating the words and instantly a yellow arrow appeared on the disk shooting to the edge and then and few feet in the air to Curios who was still holding the other disk. 
“That’ll come in handy.” Smiled Kol grabbing the disk and running his fingers over it. “Thank you Floggen for getting it and for agreeing to help us along our journey.” 
“You are most welcome.” He grinned heading back towards the helm. “You’re not!” He said shoving Hallthor along the way. 
“Keep walking tough guy.” Hallthor snapped. 
“Everything considered things could have been and could still be a lot worse.” Stated Curios staring at the damage done to the ship. 
“It could have been.” Agreed Hallthor staring at Kol who was looking to the horizon. “What troubles you Kol?” 
“I worry, yes we survived Ares and Eris but the fact that they’re gone means they are free to torment Vasos. I just hope they’re doing ok.” 
“I’m sure they are Kol, when the eagle gets back you’ll hear that I’m right. Now let’s get some rest we’ll be at Ktn in an hour and we still have to figure out the riddle.” Said Curios patting him on the shoulder. 
 
Chapter 29 
 
“Maybe this is a good thing.” Mused Sander swinging back and forth as he hung from the pole they were going to cook him on. 
“Oh definitely, just look on the bright side we’ve been invited to dinner and as a bonus they don’t even have to marinade you with the amount of alcohol you’ve drank.” Sevrrir agreed sarcastically. “Now hang on to your death stick and shut up.” 
“I swear every time we get in a situation where we are facing impending death you get grouchy.” Sander replied shaking his head in disappointment. “Well that’s just not living a full life.” 
“Shut up, shut up, shut up! Drink your wine or something!” Yelled Sevrrir like he was going mad which after what they had gone through who could blame him. 
“I would if I could but they took my flask, my precious life giving flask! 
Of all the tortures on heaven or earth why? WHY THE FLASK?! Come to me flask! Come to me!” Sobbed Sander. 
“I was thinking the same thing, why am I being tortured by having to listen to you two quibble like an old married couple, now both of you shut up so I can go back to sleep this rocking back and forth is great.” Snapped Vasos. 
“Silence you godless dogs!” Yelled the captain of the guards leveling his spear at Vasos. 
“Hey! You know how hard it is to sleep with someone’s spear in your face? And watch it with the name calling pal, there’s no need for foul language.” Retorted Sevrrir. 
“Yeah he’s a pussy cat, calling him a dog is like calling me…sober.” 
Sander chimed in. “That’s just hitting below the belt.” 
“I said silence!” He yelled again hitting Vasos in the face with the butt of his spear. 
“First off, why am I getting hit every time they speak? And secondly if you touch me again I’ll kill you!” Growled Vasos losing his temper for the moment. 
“Are you sure about this plan to let them capture us Vasos? They don’t seem to be in the spirit of things.” Inquired Sevrrir staring at the guard and then his bonds as he tried to get the focus on him instead of Vasos and his anger. 
“I’m sure my friend, this is the best way to handle things, I’m not looking to get in a fight here if we don’t have to, no matter how tempting they make it.” He replied calmly. 
“If you say so.” Sevrrir muttered. “Tying us to spits makes me think that they aren’t the listening type.” 
“If we ever need to escape we know we can and that’s what matters.” Vasos said with a low rumble in his voice. 
As the group entered the small village they were amazed at how well built and organized it was. Each house was well built from wood and brick with a main road that lead up to a small castle that was stone and metal gleaming with a power all its own. Painted on every wall were designs of people and places that Vasos didn’t recognize, they were familiar but he couldn’t quite place them. Around the city was a giant wall ten feet high and three feet wide, walking back and forth across the top of the wall were men dressed in white robes and carrying staffs. 
“Magicians.” Noted Sander nodding to the others. 
“Hecate followers?” Mused Vasos with a guess of his own. 
“Who knows? They could be following any number of gods or goddesses.” Added Sevrrir. 
“Guess we’ll find out soon enough.” Considered Vasos as they placed them up right and facing the front of the castle doors. 
A man standing nearby spoke to the captain in a strange language for a moment after looking at them and then immediately headed to a gong he hit as hard as he could. The sound reverberated through the village for a moment signaling the importance of the event, as they watched everyone dropped to their knees in reverence. 
Finally the double doors swung open reveling a young beautiful woman sitting on a lectus chair carried by four large men. Her pure black eyes looked mildly amused at the sight of the three men tied to the poles but it was tinged with a malice or sadness although Vasos couldn’t tell which one it was. Her lips were ruby red and inviting as she smiled slightly at them, her vibrant blonde hair was braded perfectly interwoven with silver strands that were both so long it reached her ankles. Her clothes were strange to Vasos and somehow out of place in this land, she was wearing a pure white skirt and a matching top that left her arms exposed but was tight against her breasts outlining her figure. As they watched she adorned an overlaying top that had a large gold chest piece marked by a bird and snake designs on it. Adorning her arms were matching gold armlets that were beautiful and offsetting to her pale skin. 
“Who are these men Adofo?” She questioned the captain in a soft sweet voice that captivated them. 
“These three men were found in the lake after the great wave we saw from the village, they claim to not be responsible for it.” He answered flatly. 
“Hmm…speak strangers and explain how you came to be in our lake.” She calmly demanded. 
“Great queen, we are traveling to Rhodes by order of the gods. During our journey two sea gods began to fight, their powers caused the sea to rise up, destroy our ship, and deposit us in your lake.” Answered Vasos firmly. 
After he finished Selene closed her eyes for a long time as if listening to the wind or pouring over the information she had received in a judgment of its truth. 
Finally after what seemed like forever she opened her eyes focusing on Vasos. “The goddess tells me that there is more to your story then you have let on, I will give you one more chance to tell me everything but if you dare hold anything back again my men will feast upon you tonight.” 
Staring at her for a moment Vasos decided to take the chance instead of fighting. “I am Vasos son of Aphrodite, to my left is Sevrrir son of Heimdal and to the right is Sander son of Dionysus. As I said we have been sent on two quests the first of which takes us to Rhodes. We had planned to stop here in any case to resupply and search for you great queen, along our travels we stopped in Argos and overthrew the evil Relious and by order of the gods Temenos took the throne. King Temenos asked us to find you when we stopped here and if we did ask you to return to the kingdom to rule by his side if you choose but the choice must be yours.” 
Again Selene closed her eyes for a bit before answering. “A strange development, I do not know why the goddess has kept this from me until now but it is not for me to question. Adofo, take a hunting party into the forest and kill what you find. Tonight we will honor our guests as is our custom when a guest of honor arrives, now cut them loose.” 
The captain obeyed without hesitation eyeing the three of them as he handed them back their things like the last hour had never happened and they were old friends whom he had just rescued. 
“Now if you would follow me gentlemen there is much we have to discuss.” Demanded the queen as she headed back into the castle. 
Silently the three of them followed her into the lavishly decorated place, all manner of comforts were provided and the moment they entered they could feel the power of the place. 
Without a doubt Vasos knew there was a great power invisibly watching them all. “May I ask which goddess it is you serve?” 
Turning around she answered quickly. “She has forbidden you to know until the time is right.” 
“Any idea when that might be?” Asked Sevrrir clearly annoyed at being sober for so long. 
“She will decide to revel it to Vasos when the time right.” She stated happily. 
“Wonderful.” Said Sander after taking a long, long drink from his flask. 
“How was that wonderful?” Questioned Sevrrir. 
“Not the answer, my wine!” He answered taking another long drink of his flask. 
“You are awfully quiet Vasos have you nothing to ask me?” Selene questioned with a raised eyebrow. 
“I will ask you questions when the time is right Queen Selene.” He answered nearly mirroring her answer and making her smile. 
After another minute the group entered a large chamber filled with giant pillow chairs that surrounded a large marble table. 
As she gingerly stepped out of her lectus she sat herself at the head of the table. “Please join me, dinner will be along shortly.” 
Reluctantly the three of them sat at the table in silence unsure of what to say next. 
“Now Vasos what is it that you would have of me?” She asked somberly. 
“I would ask that you aid us in the next leg of our journey by providing a ship if you have one and if not allow us to fashion one from materials you have here on the island. Also I would ask if you have decided to stay here or return to Argos.” He answered with a slight bow. 
“It is the will of the goddess I must follow, when first I was sent from my home our ship was attacked. I prayed to the gods but they did not smite my enemies and as the ship sank death was close so I prayed one final time, only one goddess answered and from that day on I pledged my life to her.” She answered firmly. 
“And what does the goddess tell you now?” Questioned Sevrrir tired of not knowing which deity it was. 
“She has told me that I will help you build a fine ship for the journey and supply it, also I will return to Argos and marry Temenos if he will have me. She told me that I must return to Hera and Zeus’ sight and let them know what she has done for me.” 
“That’s great!” Slurred Sander. “I love a sappy ending!” 
“Don’t you mean happy?” Sevrrir questioned with an irritated look. 
“Nope.” Sander winked at him without further explanation. 
“There is a catch.” She grinned while slightly shaking her head. 
“There always is.” Sighed Vasos. “Let’s hear it.” 
“The goddess has said that all this will be done if you grant her a favor in return to be used and called upon whenever she chooses.” She answered happily. 
“That’s not good.” Chimed in Sevrrir. “Owing a favor to an unknown goddess is a dangerous thing.” 
“I’m wondering what happens if we refuse to give the favor.” Vasos stated with an eyebrow raised. 
“If you refuse I will stay here and you will receive no help from us what so ever, you will not be allowed to use anything here or take any food or water of ours. You will not be held prisoner but you may not stay here either you will be given one day to leave and never return.” She responded flatly. 
“I see and when will she demand this favor be fulfilled?” Questioned Vasos. 
“She has said you will not be called upon until after you have completed the two quests that you’re on unless something major happens.” She answered firmly. 
“Then you must give me time to decide and confer with my comrades.” Answered Vasos. 
“We’ll agree won’t we Sevrrir?” Sander answered not seeing another option. 
“It isn’t us that Vasos wishes to confer with Sander.” He replied. “It will be called upon after these two quests are finished, remember that after these two quests are finished it will be he and Kol on quests by themselves.” 
“My friend speaks the truth, if it were just up to me I would agree but Kol has already been placed in danger on my account. If I am to approve, it will only be with him agreeing no matter what the situation.” 
“What makes you think you would be in danger?” She questioned innocently. 
“Anytime one of the gods wants a favor it doesn’t bode well for the person involved in my experience, often times it is something of great danger that they can or will not face on their own.” He answered. 
“And how do you plan to contact this Kol?” She questioned. 
“There was a golden bird with us on our ship it must be on your island somewhere, if you would allow us to find it I will get his answer quickly.” He smiled. 
“My men have already found the bird and brought it back to the castle, I will have it brought here immediately.” With a wave of her hand a servant ran off and minutes later returned carrying the banged up automaton. “Thank you your majesty.” He answered quickly taking the bird and sitting it on the table in front of him. 
“Would you like me to leave?” She questioned kindly. 
“That is not necessary your majesty.” He responded happily pressing the button. “Kol, I hope this message finds you alive and well, we are worried that you may have been injured or killed with the last thing we heard on the message you sent. I’m counting on you being as tough as I think you are though. If you are okay I need you to respond to this message as soon as possible, with the help you sent we survived another attack and informed Poseidon of Ares’ treachery. We made it to Melos but lost our ship and supplies in the process, once here we found Queen Selene whom we were asked to look for along our way, however it turned out that she was and is beholden to an unknown goddess that has yet to revel herself. In exchange for providing us with a new ship and supplies, as well as the queen returning to Argos to marry the king who sent us, she has been told that I must owe a favor to her goddess to be called upon whenever and wherever she pleases. As I said, she will not say which goddess she is tied to but she has assured us that the favor will not be called upon until we finish the first two quests. That being the case it will be just the two of us but I don’t want you to be put in anymore danger on my part so if you don’t want me to say yes I won’t. If we choose to say no they will give us one day to leave their island, whatever you choose I will honor that decision and we will make do.” He finished pressing the button again. 
As they watch the bird creaked and suddenly headed out of the nearest window and then shot into the sky. 
“While we wait you will be our honored guests please enjoy the food and take your fill of rest.” Smiled Selene. “I have a feeling that no matter what happens you will need it.” 
 
Chapter 30 
 
“Will you come ashore with us Floggen?” Questioned Curios. “I’d love to drink you under the table.” 
“How would you know the difference Curios? When he walks up he’ll already be under the table.” Snickered Hallthor. 
“Bite me.” Snapped Floggen. 
“Not on your best day.” He said with a curse under his breath before jumping over the side of the ship onto the ground and heading towards the small village. 
“I’d love to come and have a drink a little later Curios, but now that the ship has repaired itself I want to get some sleep before anything else could happen.” Floggen answered. 
“Yeah sleep sounds good, I still feel a little strange from the fight. Before I do anything else I need to crash for a bit.” Agreed Kol yawning. 
“You look pale Kol you should get some food in you before you crash.” Curios pointed out with concern. 
“I say you forget about the feeling strange thing Kol, the problem is that you’ve had little to no food or sleep in who knows how long. You can’t keep running yourself ragged like this.” Floggen said sternly. “In fact Curios, why don’t you head out and catch up with Hallthor I have a drink that will make Kol feel right as rain in no time.” 
With a frown Curios took one last look at Kol. “Alright I’ll see you guys in just a bit.” 
Floggen watched Curios run off into the streets before turning back to Kol, with some effort he lifted Kol to his feet and led him to his cabin. After looking around in all of his drawers and cabinets Floggen finally pulled out a giant vial of green liquid with gold flakes floating in it. 
Weakly Kol took the vial downing the whole thing in one swallow. 
A slight glow surrounded Kol for a second returning the color to his face and making him feel better than he ever has in his life. “What was that stuff?” 
“Hair of the dog that bit ya.” Laughed Floggen patting him on the back hard. 
“What?” 
“Truthfully kid I don’t know exactly, it was given to me by a goddess. She told me that when it was needed the most I should use it, after the beating you took from the gods and your lack of food, water and sleep I figured now was the time.” He smiled with a shrug. 
“Floggen you should have saved that for when you needed it the most not me.” Chided Kol. 
“You heroes always so ready to die for others but not to worry Kol, I’ll be fine without it. Now why don’t you meet the others they were pretty worried about you it will do them good to see you well, I however will be along in an hour or two after I get some rest myself?” He smiled wearily as he walked him to the door ushering him out. 
“Get some rest Floggen you’ll need it to try and drink with us.” Smiled Kol before running to the edge of the ship and flipping off to the ground below. 
With a sigh Floggen closed the door behind him as his smile quickly faded. 
“How did it go Floggen? Does he or the others suspect anything?” A voice whispered from the shadows. 
“I’m sure he is beginning to wonder but he doesn’t know anything yet.” Floggen answered flatly like the secret he was keeping weighed on him. “Good, we have to keep him from learning the truth otherwise the entire alliance between the Norse and the Greek gods could be destroyed.” The voice whispered again. 
“I will stay by him and keep both him and the other gods from learning the truth for as long as I can.” He bowed. “But when he does learn the truth I believe it will be what’s best.” 
“You do your people great credit Floggen it is a shame that they did not wish to be our allies after the war ended.” The voice answered softly. 
“They may yet come around with the impending danger that rises.” He answered with a shrug trying to pretend that the thought didn’t bother him. 
“We can only hope my friend, until next time fair thee well.” 
With that the presence of the visitor disappeared from the room leaving Floggen alone, flopping down on his bed Floggen held the bridge of his nose exhaling a giant breath. “So much rides on Kol and Vasos, if this gambit doesn’t work I fear that more than just the an alliance will be in jeopardy, if they can’t overcome the obstacles ahead then all the demigods of the prophecy will fail to save the world.”  
Curios had already had three beers and wasn’t planning on stopping anytime soon, as a matter of pride Hallthor was keeping up with him but Kol really didn’t feel like drinking so he just sat enjoying his friends company as he nursed his first drink still. 
“So what’s the plan from here Kol?” Questioned Hallthor with a slight burp. 
“We keep heading south. I guess our next stop will be Dyvlin, after we’ve searched Ktn of course. Hopefully we can figure out that riddle soon, I’d hate to sail on and on searching every place we come across.” He answered with frown at the problem of the riddle still looming over them. 
“Don’t worry we’ll figure it out.” Answered Curios happily. “Not with my help of course because I don’t know any of these lands.” 
“I know where we have to go.” Slurred Hallthor out of nowhere before downing his tenth beer. 
“Is that right?” Questioned Kol humoring him. 
“Yeah it’s simple, we’ve got to go to Noi.” He laughed falling out of his chair so hard he made the others laugh. 
“Why’s that?” 
“Think about it the riddle says head to a land that faces the land and the sea, half of Noi faces land the other half the sea.” He hiccupped. 
“A lot of places face water and land not just Noi, but good try Hallthor.” Kol laughed helping back into his seat. 
“Shhh.” He garbled putting his finger on Kol’s lips. “I’m not done, then the riddle says if you feel the water on you face one direction will there be, one whole side of Noi is facing water.” 
Suddenly interested Kol eyed him carefully as he worked it out in his mind, taking into consideration the shape of Noi itself. “And the last part?” 
“What?” 
“The riddle Hallthor the last part of the riddle.” He said insistently. 
“Listen close and hear the bark of the color yellow/green, Noi faces the Bay of Biscay, Bay is another word for bark and Biscay green is a yellow green color.” He laughed passing out on the table. 
Kol couldn’t help but just stare at Hallthor’s snoring body in disbelief. “It fits, I can’t believe it, but it fits completely.” 
“Really? I thought that was all drunk talk.” Slurred Curios nearly passing out himself. 
“So did I at first but Noi does make sense as the destination, it’s the only one that fits everything.” Kol explained trying to keep his attention. 
“That’s great we’ll capture the little boy and be on our way to the second feast in no time, we just have to say hi to the pig and bury the tub.” Curios smiled before passing out himself. 
“Was I sleeping that long?” Questioned Floggen laughing as he walked up to the table. 
“No, last time we drank they were able to handle it a lot better. I think the lack of sleep played a big part, good news though Hallthor figured out the riddle and we now have a destination.” 
Looking surprised Floggen looked over at Hallthor’s snoring face. “I don’t believe it.” 
“Neither did I at first, Hallthor said he was terrible at riddles, he was given another one that he hadn’t figured out for years or something.” Kol explained knowing the feeling. 
“What riddle?” 
“It goes, in the land where the red wind blows and stones are made to point at the sky, there is a hall with ages past flowing right by your eye. Digging down is the way to find the first king who’s dressed in rags where it will be, but you better move once you have it post haste or no more days you shall see.” Kol said proudly repeating the riddle. 
Floggen’s eye got so wide that Kol felt like he was going to fall into them. 
“Forget that riddle and everything to do with it.” 
“You know where the armor is hidden don’t you?” Kol suddenly realized. 
“No, I just think that you have more important things to worry about right now.” Floggen answered composing himself quickly. 
“I don’t believe you Floggen, why won’t you say? Where is this place and what’s the danger?” Kol questioned anxiously unwilling to let the topic go. 
“I…don’t know.” He answered dismissively as he got lost in his drink. 
Just then the golden eagle flew into the bar landing on their table and drawing everyone’s attention. 
“Hey what the hell is that thing?” Questioned another patron walking up to the table poking the bird in the head clearly drunk himself. 
“Go away.” Kol answered slapping his hand away from the bird. 
“Or what?” He asked pushing Kol from behind as five other men stood up to back up the first drunk. 
“Or you’ll deal with me.” Floggen answered for him standing on the table. 
In response to his bravado everyone began laughing at the ludicrous thought of him being a threat. 
“Real scary, short stuff.” He said going to push Floggen off the table. 
Floggen smiled grabbing the man’s arm and breaking it in one move before kicking him in the face so hard he flew back into the table where the other men were. Quickly he jumped off the table covering the distance to land on the man’s chest breaking several of his ribs and ensuring that he was out of the fight for good. 
“So who’s next?” He grinned, waiting for the next attack. “Kol get the guys and the bird and get out of here I’ll be done in a minute.” 
“But…” 
“Get lost! I don’t want to be worrying ‘bout you while I’m having my fun.” Floggen demanded so loudly it made everyone in the place jump including Kol. 
“Fine.” Sighed Kol using his magic to lift his two friends and the eagle as they headed up to their room. 
Settling the other two in their beds, Kol set the bird down on a dresser and settled in to hear the message. 
After listening to the message Kol sighed pacing back and forth in the room. 
“What will you choose?” Came Floggens voice startling him. 
Kol turned abruptly feeling intruded upon for a moment when he saw Floggen sitting on the edge of a bed painting Hallthor’s face, pushing the feeling back he sighed loudly. “I haven’t decided, what would you do?” 
“I wouldn’t be on these quests in the first place.” He replied flatly continuing to draw on Hallthor. “If I were though I would have to weigh how much I trust Vasos and take into consideration the fact that you have no idea which goddess it is.” 
“Does it matter which one?” 
“I think it does, what if it’s Eris?” 
“Good point but I can’t let Vasos and his friends go through more trails simply because I was afraid.” Sighed Kol. “I am sure that Vasos would do the same for us, in fact he is willing to face a major hardship for him and his company if I feel uncomfortable agreeing to this. That speaks to whether or not I can trust him I’d say.” 
“Then I guess we’ll just have to wait and see what happens after you say yes.” Floggen answered with a shrug. 
Pressing the button Kol cleared his throat. “Vasos, I support you and your friends no matter what, I would not have your quest made more difficult because of the unknown, when this favor is called we will handle together whatever it may be. As such, I hereby pledge to this goddess that if you agree to her terms I have an equal share in the favor that’s owed. We’re brothers in arms Vasos and I will not have you face things alone. Also, I’m glad that our help found you in time and was of some use. Our thanks to you as well for notifying Poseidon about Ares, he sent Hercules and Nike to our aid. We arrived safely at Ktn and have figured out the riddle and finally have a course heading, in the morning we will leave again on our journey to Noi and our first quest. If there’s anything else we can do for you just let us know, I’ll wait for your reply on what happened after we agree to the terms, good luck and god speed my friend.” 
“You’re a brave man Kol.” Floggen noted watching him intently. 
“Thanks Floggen.” 
“That or really stupid, guess we’ll find out which.” 
“I guess we will.” Laughed Kol heading over to his bed. “Sorry Floggen but I’m not up for drinking tonight, I’m going to relax and think about some things before we head back out tomorrow if you don’t mind. My apologies for inviting you out and then bailing on you at the last minute.” 
“Not a problem at all Kol, I’m actually going to head back to the ship and sail out to do some fishing before getting some more sleep, I’ll see you guys in the morning.” He said cheerfully as he headed out of the room. 
Floggen entered the cabin of his ship slamming the door behind him as all happiness left his face. “Damn it!” He shouted closing his eyes to pray for a moment. “We need to talk.” 
Again a voice whispered from the shadows. “What has you so agitated Floggen?” 
“Someone has given one of Kol’s allies a riddle that if solved would lead them to the place he was raised for a short time, if that happens before the time is right it could be disastrous. I encouraged him to forget it but that only sparked his curiosity even more.” 
“He had to find out sooner or later and was it not you that said it would be for the best, maybe the fates agreed with you.” The person answered hopefully. 
“But if he finds out now so will the gods and if that happens it will be the beginning of the end, they are too fearful and not ready to see it for what it is, it would be for the best if only he knew, not the gods themselves.” 
“We do not know that for sure, I have faith that Kol will be a force for good and salvation in this world unlike his father and many of the gods are starting to see the same thing.” 
“Your feelings concerning the boy are bias.” Floggen grunted. 
“Of course they are.” Laughed the voice. “But none the less he has proven thus far that I have been right concerning him.” 
“Don’t think that I do not have faith in him that is not what I meant at all. I have great faith in the boy and his companions, every day I spend with them they prove how good they are.” Floggen retorted quickly. 
“Ahhh I see now, you are starting to care for them.” 
“Don’t be ridiculous my concern is for my people and the rest of the world. That is the only reason I have any interest in this at all.” He snapped slightly offended at being so transparent. 
“Then you wouldn’t mind if I make things a little more interesting for them during the next leg of their journey?” Asked the voice with a tone of mischievousness. 
“Well actually…since they will be on my ship I’d prefer if you didn’t.” He said looking away in a vain attempt to hide his face. 
“I see. So be it, but I’m not the one you or they have to worry about.” 
“I know and I can only block the vision of the others for so long, I can feel them searching for Kol and Vasos as we speak and if she finds them you and the other gods will not be able to help them.” Grimaced Floggen at the thought. 
“I know. We must make sure that doesn’t happen for as long as we can.” 
“What would you have me do?” Floggen asked firmly as if the challenge had reinvigorated him. 
 
 
Chapter 31 
 
Vasos hadn’t slept that well in a long time, as he put his clothes on he couldn’t help but wonder if the bed was just that comfortable or if there was some magic in the place that made him sleep so well. 
“I trust you slept well my lord?” Questioned a young lady entering the room with a tray of delicious looking food. 
“I did thank you very much.” 
“I am glad, is there anything else I could do for you or to you my lord?” She questioned beginning to pull off her shirt as she sat next to him on the bed. “Helsa told me you have quite the appetite in all ways.” 
“I do.” He smiled beginning to kiss her on the neck until the eagle flew into his window landing on the edge of the bed grabbing his attention and stopping him mid kiss. 
“Is there a problem my lord?” Questioned the girl pulling off her shirt completely. 
“Unfortunately business must be before my pleasure.” He answered getting up while putting his clothes back on. 
“Sometimes you can have both.” She smiled before suddenly lunging at him with a knife she had concealed. “This is a goodbye from Eris you demigod slime.” 
With a sigh Vasos calmly grabbed her arm flipping her into the floor and kicking the knife forcing it to skid into the door. “Pathetic, slow and weak, clearly Eris trained you herself.” He said dragging her out of the room towards the dining hall. “It’s a shame you chose the wrong side, things between us could have been so much…nicer.” 
Kicking open the door of the main banquet hall Vasos found Sevrrir and Sander were already there with the queen patiently waiting for him as they finished their food. 
Shooting to her feet the Queen called for the guards at the sight of Vasos dragging in the servant girl. “What’s the meaning of this? I welcome you into my home and this is how you repay me by attacking my servant?” 
Sander sat leisurely watching the show while Sevrrir pulled out his axe ready to fight at a moment’s notice. 
“Your goddess sent this girl to my room to kill me or was it you majesty? Either way, you can tell Eris that it will take more than a pretty face to end me.” He answered dropping the girl on the floor and pulling his weapon. 
“I do not serve Eris nor do any that follow my rule!” She yelled pulling her sword as the guards surrounded them. 
A magical and forceful voice filled the room stopping everyone in their tracks as her voice was beautiful but had a clear tingle of anger to it. “Vasos has spoken the truth, this harlot has indeed pledged herself to Eris. She has given what secrets she knew to the goddess, and our plans are now in danger, have you made your choice Vasos?” 
The guards immediately turned their attention taking the servant away to be punished while Vasos walked to the middle of the room. 
“I was about to listen to the message my comrade sent before I was attacked, if you would allow me my lady I will retrieve it and make the decision now.” He answered. 
“Your device was here.” Replied the goddess as the eagle appeared on the table. 
Without another word Vasos walked up pressing the button, a sudden hush fell over everyone as they listened to the message intently. 
“As you no doubt heard my lady Kol and myself agree to your terms, now may I know whom it is we are indebted to?” He questioned feeling he deserved the answer. 
“Now is not the time young hero. Eris has sent monsters to attack you here and I must prepare to destroy them, you will find a ship is ready and fully supplied. The ship will sail itself all you need do is stand at the helm and speak your destination, as soon as I have dealt with the intruders I will send Selene on a ship to Argos as we agreed.” 
Before Vasos could reply he and his friends found themselves on the deck of a ship standing at the helm with the eagle next to them. Far off on the horizon speeding towards the island were dozens of creatures. 
“Let’s go, ship take us to Thera as fast as you can.” Vasos urged 
Suddenly the ship lunged forward so fast it tossed all three of them backwards into the railing making the speed they traveled at before look like they had been standing still. Sander countered the force of the speed on them by growing vines around each of them that pulled them back to the helm. As they watched a tunnel opened up swallowing the entire ship in a magnificent array of light, as they looked around they couldn’t believe their eyes. Above them was a splendid swirling storm of red and black clouds and below them the ship rode on a river of green and blue water that was so clear they could see to the bottom. Monsters and creatures they had never seen before appeared on the land stretching out either way but just as quickly as they appeared they disappeared as if never there making them wonder if it was a trick of the mind and eyes. Then in a matter of only seconds as quickly as the journey began it ended with the ship being shot out of the strange tunnel onto the surface of the ocean. 
“What in Hades was that?” Questioned Vasos still amazed at what they had seen. 
“I’ve never seen anything like that in the Norse lands.” Said Sevrrir just as baffled as Vasos. 
“I’ve never seen anything like this before in the Greek lands either.” Chimed in Sander. “It’s a good thing you said something though, I thought I was seeing things because I was drunk.” 
“Who knows if you saw the same thing we did, besides I’m simply amazed that you were awake to see it happen at all.” Muttered Sevrrir. 
“Look!” Exclaimed Vasos. 
Before them was a small island coming into view giving them some hope. “That can’t be Thera can it?” Questioned Sevrrir. 
“I don’t know, but look there’s another ship not far off let’s ask them. Take us to the other ship.” He ordered the ship. 
Quickly the ship changed course and sailed to side of the other one gliding softly until it stopped. 
“Hello there.” Vasos yelled to a man fishing restfully. “We got caught in a storm and lost our bearings could you tell us what island that is?” 
“Sure.” The man yelled back kindly. “You are at the island of Thera, we have a good deal of shops if you are in need of supplies and don’t worry any number of people can point you in the direction of the way you want to go.” 
“I can’t believe it, the thing brought us to Thera in a matter of seconds!” Exclaimed Sander. “Whoever that goddess was she really wants you to finish these quests.” 
“That’s not necessarily a good thing, if anything it promises big trouble for you later if you ask me.” Interjected Sevrrir solemnly. 
“Maybe it will be, but that’s a problem for future Vasos to deal with.” Vasos replied. “In the meantime let’s send a message to Kol letting him know what has happened to us.” 
Walking over to the eagle and pressing the button Vasos sits in front of the machine to record his message. 
“I’m glad to hear that you figured out the riddle and have a destination finally, as for what happened to us at Selene’s castle that is an interesting story. Well with your yes, you and I are now indebted to a secret goddess, yay for us! Hopefully it doesn’t come back to bite us later but even if it does thank you for backing me up on it. Also, thanks to our agreement my men and I have an enchanted ship now that is able to travel great distances in seconds by taking us through some weird tunnel none of us have seen or heard about before, but in any case we will be able to get to Rhodes in no time flat. So it seems that our first quest is finally here, near the same time that you will be, be safe and good luck be careful Kol. Watch yourself because nobody’s allowed to kick your butt except me.” Vasos finished pressing the button with a smile. 
“Inspiring.” Sander said toasting the air. “I always love your little speeches they remind me of a simpler time back when I was watching you fight that other demigod.” 
“I thought so.” Smiled Vasos pushing him over as he took another drink. 
“One last order to the ship and the real danger begins.” Sevrrir said solemnly bringing them back to the mission at hand. 
“Then we should get going everything feels like it’s beginning to get stagnant.” Sander says sarcastically. 
“I agree.” Smiled Vasos walking to the helm more excited by the adventure then scared of it. 
“I was being sarcastic.” Sevrrir glowered looking at Vasos. 
“So was I.” He laughed. 
“Am I the only one who’s taking this seriously?” Questioned Sevrrir crossing his arms like a pouty child. 
Sander and Vasos looked at each thoughtfully before turning to face Vasos with wide smiles answering in unison. “Yeah.” 
“Just making sure.” He muttered sitting on the deck pouting even more. 
“Ok ship, take us to Rhodes.” Smiled Vasos. 
Again the strange tunnel appeared engulfing the ship and showing them another glimpse of everything they saw before. This time Vasos took a mental picture of everything as it passed by before the tunnel opened up to the ocean again depositing them with the island of Rhodes directly in front of them in the far distance. 
“Here we are.” Sevrrir said solemnly standing again next to the others. 
Sander on the other hand yawned pointing in the direction of a ship that was heading straight at them with alarming speed. “And here they come.” 
 
 
Chapter 32 
 
The smell of the sea air was just what Kol needed to wake him up and make him fill invigorated again, Hallthor and Curios weren’t feeling the same though. Every ten feet the two of them would stop to throw up a little bit wherever they could even though they had nothing left to throw up. Finally after ten minutes they reached the dock but there was no sign of the ship anywhere. 
“Are you sure this is the right spot?” Questioned Kol baffled. 
Curios cleared his throat while trying desperately not to barf again as he pulled out the disk again just to be sure. “Show me the way.” 
The yellow arrow formed suddenly shooting to the dock right in front of them. 
“It’s saying the same thing as before, it should be right in front of us.” Replied Curios heaving a little. 
“I don’t get it, maybe he’s just really distant and we just can’t see the ship.” Wondered Hallthor posing a new possibility but clearly tinged with a tone of concern entering his voice. 
“Wait something is appearing on the sea I can feel it.” Exclaimed Curios looking back out over the ocean intently. 
The others followed his gaze to see the same tunnel Vasos and his crew saw appear depositing the ship and then disappear just as quickly. 
“I wonder.” Mused Kol after the phenomenon passed from view. 
“What?” 
“I wonder if that was the tunnel Vasos was talking about in his message, if it is this goddess seems intent on helping our two groups finish these quests quickly, the question however remains who is she?” Answered Kol watching the ship pull into the dock and lower the plank for them to board. 
“Maybe Floggen will have the answer.” Stated Curios hopefully as they headed up the plank. 
“We’ll find out.” Said Hallthor firmly as he stomped up the plank clearly bugged at the situation. 
As they jumped on the deck of the ship Floggen walked up to them with a huge smile. “Good morning my friends, how is everyone feeling this morning?” He said eyeing Curios and Hallthor suspiciously. 
“And where the hell were you exactly?” Demanded Hallthor. 
“What? Why? Were you worried about me?” Smiled Floggen deviously. 
“Not at all.” Huffed Hallthor turning his back on him to hide his face. 
“We all were worried Floggen.” Corrected Kol with a laugh at Hallthor’s discomfort. “And we’re glad you are ok, that being though said I was wondering what that tunnel thing was about that we saw the ship come out of.” 
“The most amazing thing happened when I got back here last night, a strange voice spoke to me from the shadows. It told me that she has watched over you since you were young and that your and Vasos’ quests are very important and you must get to your destinations as quickly as possible, I was told that all I had to do from now on is stand at the helm and tell the ship where I want to go and in seconds it will take us there. I tried it and this strange tunnel appeared taking me all the way to Argos in seconds, I was so happy I went to a bar to celebrate. I fell asleep and woke up just a few minutes ago, so I rushed back to the ship and came here as quickly as possible.” He exclaimed still super excited. 
“So it is the same tunnel Vasos told me of, but if this goddess watched over me when I was growing up then she must be an Asgardian right? All we have to do is figure out which one it was.” 
“That’s all very well and good but we still need a destination.” Sighed Hallthor dejectedly. 
Everyone just stared at him for a second before laughing hysterically. 
“What? What’s so funny?” Hallthor questioned clearly bothered by the inside joke. 
“The fact that you figured it out last night Hallthor.” Laughed Kol slapping him on the back. 
“I what? I couldn’t have.” Hallthor said clearly baffled and unsure if they were teasing him. 
“Apparently one of the powers you didn’t know of is that alcohol deceptively increases your intelligence and allows you to figure things out, now all we have to do is get you drunk and ask you if you like men or women and then we can help you find your soul mate at last!” Floggen laughed so hard he fell on the floor rolling around. 
“I don’t need to do that Floggen because you are my soul mate!” He yelled running towards him for a hug. 
“Dum, dum, dum. The plot thickens.” Curios said squinting his eyes and looking from side to side. 
“I agree this was really dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb...DUMB!” Giggled Kol kept Hallthor and Floggen from strangling each other with his powers. “Come on you two let’s get moving stop flirting with each other, Floggen if you would be so kind? Curios when we enter this tunnel thing do me a favor and try to control the water there if there is any so we can maybe get a sample, Hallthor get your hammers ready just in case. Anything comes close and I want you to take it out. I’ll stand in the crow’s nest and use my magic to protect us as well, now if everyone is ready let’s get to the adventure.” 
Everyone headed to their positions eager to see what the tunnel looked, like all except Floggen that is who was frowning for a moment before he noticed Kol looking at him. Quickly he changed his look showing a giant grin instead. 
“You okay?” Questioned Kol eyeing him. 
“I’m fine, I think I had a little too much to drink that’s all.” He said staring at the ocean as he pulled away from the dock and headed out to the open sea. “Take us to Noi.” 
The tunnel appeared suddenly sucking them into the vortex, the same scenes passed before their eyes for a moment as they watched but during the trip Kol noticed a pair of green eyes following them and keeping up at a perfect pace. Deliberately Kol turned towards the eyes raising his staff in a challenge to them daring for an attack but they did nothing except watch as if unfazed by the threat he posed, then abruptly, the journey ended shooting them onto the top of the ocean water with land in sight. 
“That was one hell of a ride.” Curios hollered breaking the silence. 
“Were you able to control the water?” Questioned Kol intently ignoring the beauty of the place he had just seen. 
Curios frowned. “No, I tried hard but it wouldn’t respond to my powers.” 
“Nothing tried to attack during the trip either that I saw.” Hallthor added. 
“A pair of eyes were following us the whole trip though.” Kol said gravely dropping their smiles at the news. 
“What?” Questioned Floggen quickly. “What did they look like?” 
Thinking about it for a second Kol answered as best he could. “Huge, green and intense would be the best way to describe them.” 
“Hmm, that didn’t transpire the last time I went through.” Pondered Floggen. 
“Are you sure, maybe you just hadn’t noticed them?” Reflected Curios on the journey and all the places your vision could be drawn. 
“Maybe your right, but who would be interested in following our trip through the tunnel?” Floggen questioned. 
“Maybe it was just a supernatural hitchhiker.” Hallthor said sarcastically. 
“Yeah…Or maybe it was whatever goddess that watched me and I owe a favor to now, that would be the most likely answer but either way whomever it was they didn’t attack us...for now.” Answered Kol firmly. 
“We should send a message to Vasos and warn him to keep a look out for those eyes just in case though.” Proposed Hallthor. 
“Good idea.” Agreed Kol walking over to the eagle and pressing the button while everything was fresh in his mind. “Vasos something strange happened to us, the ship and tunnel you spoke of is amazing, that’s right we my brother we have seen it. The story of how it came to be is a little strange and has put me on edge truthfully, it was incredibly strange, last night a voice came to the captain of our ship and told him that our ship was being enchanted to travel faster and aid us in reaching our quests. It turned out this was only accomplished by our ship heading through the same tunnel you described, inside the tunnel were red and black storm clouds and the water was blue and green, we saw strange creatures and people but none of them attacked us. However there was a strange pair of intense large green eyes that followed us the whole trip, did something like that happen to you during your journey at all? As for where we are now, we are at Noi about to start the first quest, good luck to you as well on your quest my friend, oh and before I forget you’re dreaming if you think you could take me down buddy and while you’re out there don’t let them beat up on you too much. I don’t want you to have any excuses when I take you down sweet pea.” Laughed Kol hitting the button. 
“We’ll be close enough for you to use the row boats in about two minutes.” Announced Floggen as he navigated the ship close to the dock. 
“Good, well gentlemen let’s go find us a god.” 
 
 
Chapter 33 
 
The ship hadn’t reached them yet but already Vasos and the others could see that the crew was a hodgepodge of downright trouble. From what they could tell there were five Cyclopes, a dozen telekhines (the dog faced seal men) and three harpies. 
“Well gentlemen this is where I get off.” Said Vasos clapping his hands together as he headed to the side of the ship. 
“What?” Questioned Sevrrir boggled at the statement. 
“Oh yeah, did I forget to mention that the plan was for us to keep Chrysaor’s pirates busy while he fought the man himself? I could have sworn that I told you, maybe it wasn’t you, and you know it might have been my pillow that would explain why you were quiet for once while I talked. Hey do you think you could mimic that pillow every once in a while?” Explained Sander pulling out his flask with a smile. 
“I’ll shut up alright and maybe I’ll replace words with speaking physically. Now how do we know that those are his men?” Questioned Sevrrir focusing on the task at hand. 
“You’re right, I’m sure he just let’s roving bands of monsters sail around the waters he calls home, we better wait to attack or get ready until we ask for conformation that would be a nice talk, I mean what could go wrong?” Said Sander patting his back. “Good job there figuring it out genius, nothing gets by you.” 
“Kiss my butt.” Sevrrir growled. 
“Why don’t you go do something while us grownups talk, I’ve got it, go clean yourself like a good kitty, you’re starting to smell.” Snapped Sander pushing him backwards. 
“You kids enjoy yourselves and remember, kill them before you kill each other.” Giggled Vasos jumping over the side of the ship. 
“Do not allow that coward to escape!” Yelled one of the telekhines pointing at Vasos when he resurfaced for a moment. “The rest of you push forward and take the ship before the fools have a chance to turn and flee!” 
Yelling with pleasure the crew grabbed the oars speeding up the ship and closing the distance between them quickly. 
“You think they have any idea who they’re about to attack?” Questioned Sander watching the monsters. 
“Not a chance in hell.” Laughed Sevrrir playing with his axe. 
“This is going to be fun.” Smiled Sander cracking his knuckles. “You up for this?” 
“More than you are.” Sevrrir grinned. 
“Is that right? I’ll bet you that I can get rid of more monsters than you can.” 
“You must still be drunk from last night or early this morning.” 
“That’s beside the point.” Sander smirked taking a quick swig before putting the flask in his pocket readying for the battle. 
“Fine, what are the stakes?” Questioned Sevrrir happily. 
“The loser has to call the winner great king of the world for two days straight without complaint.” Answered Sander happily. 
“You got it, this is going to be so easy it’s almost not fair, I haven’t had anything to eat all day and when I’m in lion form my appetite is much grander.” 
“It won’t make one iota of difference my friend, you’re going to lose, oh and look here comes my punching bags now.” He beamed as he walked over to stand beside Sevrrir at the railing. 
As the ships lined up side to side the telekhine that was clearly in charge yelled pointing his sword at them. “Drop that weapon and surrender now! There’s nowhere for you to run.” 
Smiling at them Sevrrir threw his axe behind him in a mock gesture of surrender. “Trust us running never crossed our minds.” 
Vasos was making good time to the shore until the two telekhines grabbed him by the legs and dragged him unwater in the hope that they would end him quickly. 
“You will die slowly and painfully human unless you stop fighting and allow us to drag you to the shore.” Laughed one of them happily as it watched Vasos struggle to get back to the surface without any luck. “Do you agree?” 
Vasos nodded his head emphatically in agreement as he allowed them to take his weapon dropping it to the sea floor confident that it would now forever be out of his reach. 
“You won’t be needing that.” They laughed as they cut through the water to the shore using their amazing speed, in seconds the telekhines pulled Vasos onto the beach throwing him on the sand gasping for air and to their eyes completely defeated. 
“Congratulations now instead of killing you slowly and then eating you we will kill you quickly and then eat you.” Smirked one of the telekhines. 
Vasos took one last deep breath before he stood definitely. “I don’t think so.” 
“What are you going to do? Fight us both without a weapon?” 
“Not that I need one but no that was not the plan at all.” Suddenly his weapon flew out of the water cutting one of the telekhines in half and crumbling it to dust and sending it back to the depths of Hades realm. 
“What sorcery is this? Who are you?” The creature questioned nervously. “I am Vasos.” He answered proudly pounding his fist on his chest. 
“The avenger?” The creature stammered clearly pale. 
“Word travels fast does it not?” He smiled dropping his axe in the dirt next to him. 
“I am not afraid of you Vasos.” The telekhine said forcing a smile with his dog face before barking so loud the sound echoed across the land. 
“Really? That’s your play calling for reinforcements?” Vasos laughed. 
“You have no idea, make peace with the gods now.” 
“You first.” Vasos sneered kicking his axe up out of the sand and changing it into a sword as it lifted so it was level with his head, in one fluid move he snatched it out of the air and threw it at the telekhine stabbing it in the heart before the creature could react. 
A moment later the ground rumbled causing Vasos to catch his balance, turning around slowly he found four chimeras and ten Ipotane, the older ancestors of the centaurs who were each carrying bows and arrows along with a short sword. Also two of the Ipotane were holding the giant chains that led to colliers that leashed the multiple heads of the chimera. 
“You have started a fight on the wrong island.” Yelled the head Ipotane named Talis. 
“Not true, I am Vasos son of Aphrodite. I have come to this place by order of the gods. Chrysaor has plagued the seas and its people for too long. I have come to teach him a lesson in humility that is long overdue.” 
“You’ll have to get past us first brave demigod, I am Talis beholden to the pirate Chrysaor, I must admit that I admire your courage and will face you one on one but be warned that no matter the outcome of our battle these others will show you no quarter. They are fiercely loyal to Chrysaor.” Talis warned with a disgusted look on his face. 
“But not you?” Vasos questioned picking up on the tone and look. 
“I am an unwilling servant, I was once a traveler across the world. I decided to become a legendary hero that would match Chiron as I trained and learned everything I could, to make a long story short my travels eventually brought me here to Rhodes where I decided that I would put an end to Chrysaor and his pirates once and for all. I fought my way through his men until I reached his home, I grandly challenged him to fight me one on one. Unfortunately…I…I am ashamed to say that I lost, badly, and as I laid there broken and bleeding he offered me a choice, years of torture followed by death or immortality and servitude for as long as he lives. Obviously my shame did not end with my defeat for I took the cowards’ way out and chose the latter. So here I am, an unwilling slave as long as he lives, I will do my utter most to defeat you but in a strange way I hope you can release me from this torment with a swing of your sword.” He explained honestly with a tinge of sadness in his voice. 
“I am sorry to hear of your misfortune but delight that today is the day your servitude ends because after I defeat you and your friends I will defeat him and that swing of the sword will set you free from him.” Answered Vasos determinedly. 
“You’re crazy.” Sevrrir yelled throwing his hands in the air like he couldn’t believe what he was hearing. 
“Count them or did you not learn how to count in the jungle?” Sander snapped back. 
“They’re not even dead Sander! Look at them they’re just running around high fiving each other, that doesn’t count.” 
“They’re not attacking us and they can’t do anything against us, ergo they have been defeated.” Sander smiled drinking from his flask. 
“I disagree, as long as they can wake up from your little trance again then they are not fully defeated.” He reasoned. 
“Fine.” Sander sighed looking at the creatures. With a twitch that shook their bodies all of the creatures stopped high fiving and instead attacked each other until only one of the harpies was left alive but badly damaged. With one final look at her the harpy squawked for a second before flying over the side of the ship and drowning herself in the water. 
“And with that one the score stands at eleven to nine, if you weren’t so busy eating the enemies you might have been able to win but instead I am now your great king of the world.” He laughed wildly running around like he was affected by his own powers. 
“The games not over yet check it out.” Pointed Sevrrir at the beach where Vasos was fighting the Ipotane. 
Running to the helm Sander smiled. “That dog, ship, quickly take us to the shore.” 
“You are well trained Vasos, a very worthy opponent.” Panted Talis slightly out of breath. 
“As are you. We will do well as friends and allies.” Vasos winked sure about the outcome. 
“If the fates would be so kind.” He said attacking Vasos with his double swords in a flurry of intricate attacks. 
Vasos smiled blocking and dodging them with ease causing Talis to realize something. Backing away for a moment Talis eyed him carefully. “I find it strange that you have yet to use any kind of powers against me.” 
“It would be unfair of me to use my powers against you, those skills would give me an unfair advantage, that’s not what I want. If I am to win it will be using my skill with a blade alone.” Vasos clarified. 
“Truly you are an honorable man!” Exclaimed Talis hitting his fist against his chest in reverence. 
“Enough talking Talis, if you do not finish off this man quickly the rest of us will.” Barks one of the other Ipotane. 
“Mind your tongue or you will feel my wrath next.” Snapped Talis quieting the other Ipotane. 
“What we need is these other distractions removed so you may battle me unencumbered, luckily I have a way to take care of that.” Vasos said glaring at the others around them. 
“How do you purpose to get such a feat accomplished?” Talis said lowering his voice as the creatures around them getting twitchy at the conversation turn. 
Answering the question for him was Sevrrir who leapt over Vasos turning into a lion and attacked one of the chimera and taking the enemies by surprise. Vasos just smiled as Sander ran past him into the fray brandishing a spear he got from somewhere on the ship apparently. 
“Now noble Talis show me the true extent of your prowess.” Vasos beamed. 
 
 
Chapter 34 
 
“Have I mentioned lately how much I love your powers over the water?” Smiled Hallthor looking at the beach rapidly moving towards them. 
“They come in handy.” Replied Curios. 
“Let’s hope all of our powers will be enough to get this god out of whatever trouble he’s in.” Kol said somberly unable to join in their happiness for the time being. 
“Aren’t you Mr. cheerful?” Grumbled Hallthor. 
“Sorry, it’s just wouldn’t a god have returned if he could? The fact that he hasn’t more likely means that somehow, something or someone has captured him and if this thing is powerful enough to capture and hold a god prisoner then what chance do we have?” Kol stated. 
“If I haven’t said it before, let me say it now Kol. You sure know how to liven a party.” Joked Hallthor trying to lighten his mood. 
“I try.” 
“No, no, you say that proudly Kol.” Sighed Curios at his depressive attitude. 
As the three of them disembarked from the row boat the smell of different foods enticed them reminding them each that they hadn’t eaten yet that day. 
“Who knows how long we’ll be here so why don’t we get a little something to eat, you know to keep up our strength.” Suggested Hallthor innocently. 
“Agreed, what say you Curios?” Kol nodded. 
“I could use some food.” 
“Yeah you could, your breath smells like fish.” Jested Hallthor walking toward the nearest tavern. 
“Is that a son of Poseidon joke?” He questioned chasing after him. 
Watching them chase each other around Kol remembered for a moment that they were all still young in age and heart. At that moment he couldn’t help but wonder if it was really fair for them to be spending their youth on dangerous quests to help him. Pushing the thought aside happily he joined in chasing them down and tackling them both covering them with snow he created with a little magic even though it wasn’t the right season. 
“Take that suckers! Bow to the champion!” He yelled running away. 
Thinking he had got away all of a sudden he felt an electric sting on his butt that made him jump in the air, with a turn he found that Curios has turned the snow back into water making several whips out of it that Hallthor was gleefully charging with electricity as they used them to spank him. 
“You were saying?” Chuckled Curios. 
“Low blow Curios.” He said rubbing his butt. “A really low blow.” 
“I’ll aim higher then.” He said mischievously. 
“Don’t do me any favors.” Frowned Kol turning back around to run away again. 
Immediately the water wrapped around him pulling Kol towards his friends until they were standing face to face with him. 
“What should we do with him Hallthor?” 
“I think he looks a little tired, I think he needs some energy.” He answered gleefully charging his hands. 
“Again before you get too high and mighty I’d just like to take this opportunity to call you both suckers.” Smiled Kol’s fake imagine they’ve captured before it disappeared. 
“Crud.” Sighed Curios refusing to even look around since he knew what was going to happen next. 
A moment later magical energy formed behind them whipping them in the butt over and over causing them to run toward the city. 
Nearing the city the two of them could see Kol standing at the entrance to an inn leisurely drinking from a large mug. “Hey guys, glad you could finally show up.” He said fading the magical whips. “I really shouldn’t have to resort to such measures for you to drink with me.” 
“Cold blooded.” Frowned Hallthor rubbing his backside. 
“Of course he’s cold blooded he’s part frost giant.” Laughed Curios following the others into the tavern. 
Together the three of them sat back and relaxed at a table in the corner away from the other people who were already giving them dirty looks. 
“Friendly place Kol, what happened? You couldn’t find a table in Jotunheim?” Questioned Hallthor. 
“We’d find a warmer welcome in hell.” Stated Curios staring at the crowd. 
“I get it! A warmer welcome in hell! That’s great!” Laughed Kol slapping the table and drawing even more attention to them. 
“What’ll it be?” Questioned an attendant walking up clearly unhappy at having to serve them. 
“Any kind of food you have and two more mugs for my friends here please.” Answered Kol kindly as he ignored his tone. 
“Question for you sir, is there some reason that everyone is staring at us like we just pleasured their sister?” Asked Hallthor while making funny faces at different people that were gawking. 
“First off I wouldn’t recommend making faces at people around here boy they don’t like smart-alecky punks.” The attendant spat to the side. 
“Let me guess it’s the smart part that they mainly have a problem with.” Growled Curios feeling protective over Hallthor. 
“What’d you say?” The man grunted turning toward Curios clearly ready to fight. 
“What’s the matter caveman did I not speak slowly enough for you to understand, perhaps I should draw little stick figures on a wall so you could understand.” He snapped standing up to the man. 
“I have a nice spot out back to bury you when I’m done.” The man answered balling his fists. 
Timing it perfectly Curios called some spilled water to him turning it to ice on the floor under the man’s feet as he tried to punch him. As the large man slipped forward Curios grabbed his shirt yanking him downward until his head connected with the table top sending him flying backwards unto the floor where Curios changed the water back and lifted the man up sending him flying out of the tavern door into the street. 
Several men immediately stood up ready to rush the table until Hallthor leisurely tossed his hammer into the air in a display of power. As the people watched the hammer flew out of the bar and an instant later everyone heard it connect with the man’s head with a thud knocking him out before it flew back to Hallthor’s hand. 
“Does anyone else have a problem with my brother’s faces?” Questioned Curios eyeing everyone. 
“Is that what demigods do today?” Questioned a man walking into the place. 
“You mean defend ourselves? Absolutely.” Answered Hallthor. 
“That wasn’t self-defense in my opinion.” He said evenly staring at them from the door. 
“No one asked your opinion did they?” Curios retorted weary of the stranger already. 
“You’re real tough when picking on normal humans aren’t you? Well you’re not the only demigods around.” 
“Teach them a lesson Jor!” Yelled one of the patrons in the bar. 
“Shhh, this is grown up time children keep your comments to yourselves or I’ll be forced to send you to the corner for time out.” Chided Curios staring at the man. 
“Try and make me do anything child if you dare! I’m Jor the great, son of Sol goddess of the sun. Now die!” He yelled creating a ball of fire the size of their table and then throwing it at them. 
Instantly Curios jumped in front of Hallthor and Kol drawing every bit of water in the place to make a shield around them. As the two collided the water steamed and boiled against the fury of the attack barely holding up to it. 
When the steam cleared Hallthor lobbed one of his hammers at Jor’s head but to his dismay the man just batted it aside like he had simply shooed a fly. 
“Is that the best you can do?” He laughed enjoying their surprise. 
Realizing the seriousness of the situation Curios and Hallthor backed up to the other side of the table summoning their weapons to the ready while Kol sat quietly with his back to the man still as if the whole thing hadn’t even happened. 
“Kol you might want to get up about now.” Stated Curios worried about him. 
“I’m going to say this once Jor so listen close, we did not start the problems with the man outside nor were we picking on anyone, from the moment we entered this place their intent was clear and given the fact that you backed them right away I’d say you condone how they treat visitors. You are a demigod and that makes us family one way or another so I’m going to hold my anger at you attacking my brothers a little longer and give you the choice of apologizing and walking out of here of your own free will.” Kol said out loud taking Jor by surprise. 
“What? You think I care about our little family connection? Well I don’t, and further more I don’t care whose son you are for I fear no one!” He yelled throwing another giant ball but this time directly at Kol. 
Before the others could do anything to help him the entire ball of fire stopped dissipating into nothing right before reaching Kol who still sat with his back to the man as he shook his head in disappointment. 
“I gave you the choice to leave peacefully Jor, now for the rest of your life you will have to live with what happens to you next knowing you could have escaped unscathed.” Kol said as he slowly rose from his seat. 
 
 
Chapter 35 
 
Sword masters would have wept at the sheer beauty and perfection of the moves that Vasos and Talis performed, poets would have sold their souls to have witnessed the mastery so they could have written about it later. As the fight around them came to a close Sevrrir and Sander silently stood off to the side watching the battle with great respect. 
“Look at those moves, amazing isn’t it?” Asked Sevrrir as he watched intently. 
“Yeah, are you getting bored too?” Sander asked with a yawn. 
“Extremely, do you think we should help him?” 
Thinking about it while he took a swig of his flask Sander stared hard at the battle. “Nah, if Vasos wanted to he could end this fight real quick using his powers. Obviously he’s on one of his Spartan honor things or something.” 
“That’s nice, so what was your final count?” 
“Fourteen, you?” He questioned anxiously just remembering their bet. 
With a frown Sevrrir counted on his fingers for a second. “Damn it, fourteen as well.” 
“There’s got to be more bad guys on this island somewhere.” Sander said looking around hopefully. 
“I don’t see any more enemies but here comes the golden messenger.” Sevrrir said pointing at the eagle just coming into view. 
“I’m not doing the message, you can take care of it.” Sighed Sander. “I’m not a good public speaker anytime strangers are around I freeze up completely.” 
Sevrrir looked around for a moment somewhat dumbfounded. “What public?” 
“Hello! Vasos and the guy he’s fighting with.” Sander said pointing them out as if Sevrrir had forgotten they were there. 
Smacking himself on the forehead with the palm of his head Sevrrir exhaled deeply. “Maybe it is better that I do the message, Kol might not be fluent in drunk talk.” 
“Or we could wait until Vasos is done.” Recommended Sander as he nodded in agreement at the drunk talk comment. 
“What if it’s important? I don’t want something to happen to the others on account of us waiting, besides at the rate this thing is going we could be waiting all night.” Sevrrir pointed out walking up to the bird and pressing the button. 
After listening to the message Sevrrir scowled and furrowed his brow. “I don’t remember seeing any eyes following us do you?” 
“Nope, but it defiantly sounds like the same tunnel. Everything else matches perfectly.” 
“Oh well, maybe it’s something new or it was just a fluke of some kind. In any case I’m liking Kol more and more, I can’t wait to hear what Vasos says when we tell him Kol’s reply to his joke about taking him down.” Sevrrir smirked bumping Sander’s shoulder with his own. 
“It should be interesting when those two meet.” Sander agreed. 
“I can’t wait.” Tittered Sevrrir. “I better send the message back and let him know how we’re doing though before anything else happens, I’m not sure how much more damage this guy can take.” He said pressing the button as he looked over the visible damage on the eagle. “Hey Kol, this is Sevrrir, Vasos would have sent the message to you but he’s busy in some sort of a death match I think, so far he has refused to use his powers, Sander and I believe it’s part of some sort of Spartan honor thing but who knows for sure? He can be pretty pig headed when it comes to that stuff, anyway, we are on the island of Rhodes now and have destroyed twenty eight of Chrysaor’s monsters, as soon as Vasos is done playing around we’ll find the monster himself and complete the quest quickly. Then we’ll be on our way to the second quest. I hope you guys can keep up, we’d hate to make you look bad. Tell Hallthor and Curios that if they need to don’t be afraid to admit that we are the better support team by the way, oh and by the way, neither I nor Sander remember seeing any weird eyes following us. So I guess that’s it, stay safe guys.” 
“Wait.” Sander said pushing him out of the way before he could push the button. “Okay fellas this is Sander the cool one of the group, when this whole business of quests is over we need to have a party that shakes the heavens! I’ll provide the wine and Sevrrir well he can do…something…but…” 
Finally regaining his footing Sevrrir pushed Sander to the side forcefully. “Shut up you wine drinking twit. Like I said good luck fellas see you when we’re done.” He said pushing the button. 
Right away the eagle soared into the air heading back to Kol as the two of them settled in to watch the battle that was slowing down as it took a physical toll on the two warriors. 
“Tired Talis?” 
“Not at all Vasos how about you?” 
“I could go all day but I fear we do not have that kind of time. I’m sure other forces loyal to Chrysaor will be arriving shortly.” Replied Vasos. 
“You’re probably right but unfortunately I am beholden to Chrysaor and until I am defeated I will fight for his cause.” He sighed. 
“So if I were to beat you then you would have to help me instead of him?” Questioned Vasos with a sly smile. 
“I see where you are going with this Vasos.” He smiled. “Yes, if you were to take me prisoner then I would have to help you do whatever it is you ask, unfortunately that is where my aid would end, I could not fight on your behalf because of the enchantment I’m under. But that is only if you could beat me and I will not willingly lose, to do such a thing is not in my nature even if it wasn’t part of the magic spell I’m under.” 
“That’s not a problem at all.” Smiled Vasos focusing his power on Talis. 
“What are you doing to me?” He asked beginning to drop his sword. 
“Nothing I was just thinking that you don’t really want to fight.” Vasos stated with a charge in his voice. 
“I don’t really want to fight.” He repeated dreamily. 
“You just want to put down your swords and have a nice long nap.” Smiled Vasos focusing harder. 
“I’m so sleepy, I think I’ll lay down for a little bit if you don’t mind.” Talis yawned dropping both of his swords and lying down at once. 
Putting his sword away Vasos walked up to Talis grabbing the swords and throwing them over to his friends before leveling his sword to Talis’ throat. “Talis wake!” He yelled startling the warrior. 
Instantly his eyes shot open looking around unsure of what just happened until finally he noticed Vasos’ sword edge leveled at his neck. “It would appear that I have been defeated.” 
“So you have.” Smiled Vasos allowing him to get to his feet. 
“I am your prisoner what would you have of me?” Questioned Talis with a little bow. 
“You must take us to Chrysaor’s base of operations.” 
“As you wish.” He smiled leading the way. 
“Good fight Vasos and to you stranger.” Sevrrir said walking up. 
“Thank you young demigod, I was impressed by your skills as well and those of your friend.” He replied respectfully. 
“Hey fellas are you finished playing with each other.” Sander said stumbling towards them. “Great news Vasos, I started planning the after quest party with Kol and his men.” 
“What?” Vasos questioned furrowing his brow. 
“Oh and Kol says not to let monsters beat you up too bad so you don’t have an excuse when he kicks your butt or something like that.” Sander kept talking ignoring the question. 
“What are you babbling about?” Demanded Vasos frustrated. 
Sighing Sevrrir walked up to Sander placing a finger on his forehead pushing him slightly so he just fell backwards into the sand completely passed out. 
“What my inebriated friend was trying to say was the golden bird returned while you were busy. The message from Kol said that they were visited by some strange voice and it enchanted their ship so it could travel the way ours does. The way they described the things they saw sounded exactly like what we saw with the exception of them seeing a weird pair of green eyes following them during the trip inside the tunnel. I told him we didn’t remember seeing anything like that, also he said that they are at Noi on their first quest. I told him that we are on ours as well and have already made great progress. The last thing he said was his retort to your jab saying he could beat you more or less. Then the genius here pushed me aside and tried to say we need to have a party after the quests.” Sevrrir explained quickly. 
“I see. It’ll be fun when Kol and I can play a little bit.” Smiled Vasos rubbing his hands together eagerly. “As for the eyes I don’t remember seeing any following us either, I’m guessing it’s whatever goddess we owe a favor to.” 
“A good guess.” Sighed Sevrrir. “But does it bode for good or ill that they saw the eyes and we did not? Or vice versa?” 
“I know that it’s none of my business but I don’t believe it wise to owe a favor to any deity.” Said Talis gravely. 
“That’s what I said when the idea was first purposed.” Agreed Sevrrir. “But no one listened, when the package is this pretty no one cares what’s on the inside.” 
“It was the best choice at the time given our options.” Vasos pointed out. “Which one is it that you owe a favor to?” Questioned Talis. 
“That’s the worse part, we don’t know.” Sevrrir answered for him clearly still bothered at the thought. 
“Hmmm, that is troubling. Have you no clue at all?” He questioned further as if he were already part of their quest. 
“None.” Vasos answered sorely. “But right now all I can do is worry about the quests I’m on, speaking of which how far must we travel?” 
“Half a day’s walk.” He answered after thinking about it for a moment. 
“Then for now we will return to the ship and sail to another place for the night and continue the journey in the morning.” Stated Vasos lifting Sander and throwing him over his shoulder. “Man I do this way too often with this guy.” 
“Yeah you do.” Laughed Sevrrir. 
“What about me?” Asked Talis. 
“You’ll come with us, that way I can learn everything there is to know about Chrysaor, his defenses, monsters, everything.” Vasos decided. 
 
 
Chapter 36 
 
Jor franticly conjured another ball of fire hoping to defend himself against Kol who was calmly walking towards him, but just as quick as they formed they dissipated from sight. 
“I warned you.” Kol said finally before blasting him so hard that he flew right through the wall of the tavern into the street. 
“Who are you?” He questioned trying to stand. 
“I am Kol son of Loki and adopted son of Thor.” He answered stepping through the hole in the wall at a leisurely pace still. 
“Kol the punisher?” He asked trembling in fear. 
“Kol is fine.” He answered magically picking him up in the air and slamming him back into the ground. 
“Please I didn’t know it was you.” 
“So that makes it better? If it hadn’t been us then you would have beat up on some other demigods simply because you wanted to look tough and not find out the whole story? No, I imagine things have been this way here for a very long time, how many innocent men have you beaten to a pulp for no good reason? Consider this a punishment for your crimes against all those you have wronged.” Kol retorted with such force in his voice that everyone cowered. 
“Please no!” Yelled Jor getting to his knees with his fingers interlocked as he pleaded desperately. 
“Never show yourself to me again and if I find out you have been attacking demigods for no reason I’ll come back and finish what I started here today fool.” Kol snarled before turning and walking back towards the bar. 
“No you won’t.” Whispered Jor pulling out a dagger to throw at Kol. 
Sensing something was amiss Kol turned around to see the dagger dropping from his hand as he screamed in pain with Floggen standing next him. 
“Now boy I’m going to teach you a lesson you’ve needed for a long time!” Floggen yelled in his ear while pulling him to his feet by it. 
Punching him in the stomach so hard that he lurched over, Floggen didn’t hesitate at all as he grabbed onto him bending him over his knee and to everyone’s surprise began spanking him vigorously for everyone to witness. 
“You don’t attack people from behind! That was a very, very naughty thing to do, it’s a no, no. You don’t bully others! That too is a no, no! 
You better be a good boy or I’ll come back here and really punish you! Understand?” He questioned as he pushed him over onto the floor. 
Jor just continued to cry feeling totally humiliated as he rolled around on the floor. 
Grabbing him up and spanking him again harder than before Floggen demanded a response. “I said do you understand me?!” 
“I understand.” He shrieked through his tears. 
“Good, now get out of here before I change my mind!” Snapped Floggen lifting him up and kicking him in the butt to send him on his way. 
“I had it under control.” Kol said flatly as he walked up to Floggen. 
“I saw that, but things had already got pretty serious and when he pulled the dagger it would have forced you to kill him to survive, you don’t need that on your conscious Kol.” Floggen reasoned unapologetic. 
“The day will come Floggen when evil men or demigods that serve an enemy will force me to kill them, no matter how you look at it one day I will have to cross that bridge.” Kol said somberly as he led him back toward the bar. 
“Hopefully you will always find another way, and if that bridge is one you will cross it won’t be crossed today.” He smiled patting him on the back. 
“Thank you Floggen, I guess I’m more like Loki than I thought.” Kol sad dejectedly. 
“Not in the least, your father would not have stopped, nor would he have given his enemy a chance to flee. In the end with your decisions today you prove once again that you are nothing like him given how everything just played out.” Reassured Floggen. 
“Thanks again Floggen.” 
“Well look at what we have here, the conquering hero returns.” Smiled Curios. “Nice job there killer that was some major power going on there, it looks like you’ve been holding out on us.” 
“And who’s your little friend?” Asked Hallthor. “Orphan from the streets? No, that can’t be it, I mean it doesn’t look like he’s been missing any meals now does it?” 
“What did he say? I don’t speak stupid.” Floggen asked turning to Curios. 
“And you think that I do? Screw you Floggen.” He answered turning his back on him playfully. “That’s it tonight you’re sleeping on the couch.” “Fine, the couch gives me more love then you do anyway!” 
“Speaking of getting some lovin’ when was the last time you got a little action Kol? From what I saw in that fight you have some serious pent up aggression.” Laughed Hallthor. 
Thinking for a second Kol smiled slyly. “I don’t know Hallthor, we’ll have to check with your sister she was the last girl I was with.” 
“Low blow.” 
“That’s my specialty.” Kol smirked grabbing the mead he just got. 
“I bet it is!” Yelled Curios slapping the table. 
Together they all started laughing taking a big drink together as the room full of patrons nervously tried to go back to what they were doing before the action hoping that they would continue to ignore the fact that they started the initial problem. 
“So where do we start?” Questioned Kol getting back to business. 
“I say we start by finding the bottom of our mugs then the very next thing that should happen is you ducking Kol.” Said Curios baffling Kol. 
“What?” 
Just then the golden bird flew right through the window slamming into Kol’s head full force. 
“Low bridge.” Pronounced Curios with a grin as Kol rubbed his head and set the eagle on the table. 
“Funny, now let’s hear what Vasos had to say.” He muttered pressing the button. 
After listening to the message they all shared a little drunken giggle. 
“I like that Sander, he sounds like a hoot and I’m all for having a huge party after the quests are over.” Cheered Curios to the air in front of him spilling a little of his drink. 
“I think we can beat them.” Hallthor smiled ready for the challenge and enjoying the light levity it brought to the situation. “I’m not going to let Sevrrir get bragging rights on us.” 
“The eyes didn’t follow them.” Noted Kol darkly focusing on that part. 
“What’s that about?” 
“I wouldn’t worry about it Kol, that’s a weird place and I’ll bet you that things aren’t always the same for everyone.” Floggen declared nonchalantly. 
“I suppose but it still bothers me.” 
“Water under the bridge.” Curios exclaimed with a shrug. 
“You’re right, it’s Curios under the bridge. Anyway, I think I’m going to wait on sending a message back to Vasos until we actually have a little more to report.” Kol decided placing the eagle in the middle of the table. 
“I agree. Otherwise what are you going to say? We’re lounging in a bar and have no real idea where the hell to start our search.” Hallthor stated with a chuckle. 
“Man you guys are thick.” Floggen laughed. “He a god of summer and the outdoors where do you think you should start looking.” 
“Calm down Mr. Hide in a hole when danger comes.” Hallthor snapped. 
“No problem Mr. I need to be drunk to be smart. I was just trying to help.” Floggen huffed before downing an entire beer. 
“Anyway I say screw it, let’s get out of here and find that god.” Curios suggested slightly buzzed. 
“I agree let’s do it, we’ll get out of here and head to the forest to the south that’s as good a place as any to start.” Agreed Kol standing up and marching out of the tavern paying as he left. 
The others stumbled out of the place in a hurry meeting up with him in the middle of the street a moment later. 
“Are you going to join us on our little adventure Floggen?” Beamed Kol in excitement. 
“Did you forget what happened when the other gods showed up? No, it’s best if I’m not around the gods too much, mainly because I’m a coward at heart.” Floggen admitted looking at the ground. 
“Don’t sell yourself short, so to speak.” Laughed Curios. 
“Ha ha. Well I’ll be heading back to the ship, you know how to find me when you need me.” He said waving the guiding disk as he headed back towards the docks. 
Hallthor watched him for a second and then turned to the others. “Hey guys I’ll be right back I forgot to tell Floggen something.” 
Catching up to him Hallthor turned him around forcefully. “What’s your game Floggen?” 
“Why whatever do you mean?” He asked innocently. 
“I mean I know you’re no coward that was a weak excuse, what’s the real reason you don’t want to go with us?” Hallthor pressed intently. 
Lowering his head Floggen spoke in a near whisper. “Listen Hallthor I don’t have a great relationship with the gods.” 
“Given the way you talk to people I’m not surprised.” 
“It’s more than that, to tell you the truth Hallthor my real name isn’t even Floggen it was mainly luck that Ares didn’t recognize me, if some of the gods found out I’m here it’d just cause more problems for everyone. 
Please just trust me and keep this to yourself, I think I’ve proved that I’m on your side so for the time being just trust me.” Pleaded Floggen. 
“Why are some of the gods angry at you?” 
“Because I’m trying to protect and help Kol.” He informed him quietly. 
“If that’s true and you’re on our side then just tell Kol and Curios, they’ll understand I’m sure of it.” Reasoned Hallthor. 
“It’s not the right time.” 
“What is it with everyone saying that? There’s never a right time for bad news!” Exclaimed Hallthor throwing his hands up in the air. 
“There is a time and a place for everything Hallthor, so please just don’t tell Kol or Curios anything ok?” 
After deliberating silently for a moment Hallthor agreed before turning and walking back to the others who were still waiting in the same spot. 
“What was that about?” Questioned Kol. 
“Floggen is an imposter that’s not his real name and apparently the gods wouldn’t be too happy if they find out who he really is and what he’s been doing.” Hallthor stated simply as they began to head towards the forest. 
“Yeah I figured as much.” Kol responded coolly. 
“You did?” Curios looked at him raising an eyebrow. 
“I pieced it together a while back but I wasn’t completely sure until just now, I don’t know exactly who he really is but he’s proven no threat to us. We’ll deal with the problem of who he really is later that is of course if it even becomes a problem.” 
“I trust him.” Hallthor said flatly surprising them both. “I just want that known.” 
“We all do.” Guaranteed Curios with a reassuring smile. “Whoever he may be, he is our friend first and foremost I say.” 
“I concur, at least I do for the time being, but right now let’s take to the air and end this quest.” Kol stated firmly. 
 
 
Chapter 37 
 
Vasos thought the best course of action would be to have them use the ship’s new ability to travel to Argos in minutes, once there they happened to catch the tail end of the wedding ceremony of Temenos to Selene. And for the first time since he had met her Selene actually looked happy and Temenos was absolutely beaming, Vasos knew without a doubt that those two would have a love that could last through the ages and through them and their children the kingdom would be in great hands for ages to come. After the ceremony finished they announced themselves and joined in the reception fun, even Talis was welcomed and treated like royalty though they had just met him. As the night went on Vasos took the extra time getting to know Talis and the more he heard the more Vasos made it a personal mission to free him completely. The quest was no longer about just doing something the gods asked, now it was about freeing a good man first. For hours during the rest of the day and deep into the night Vasos learned and relearned everything he could about the enemy he was to face. He spent so much time going over everything in his mind that Vasos was sure that he knew the island better than most people that lived there for years. Now that the morning had come though it was time to work, the plan was simple, they would take the tunnel back to Rhodes, once there, Sevrrir and Sander would stay and protect the ship while Talis and Vasos headed to Chrysaor’s strong hold. When they reached the stronghold Vasos would call him out in a challenge of honor and although he was sure the scoundrel had none he would none the less take the challenge to keep from looking weak or afraid in the eyes of his men. As soon as he accepted the combat would begin, Vasos would defeat him, grab the mask and be on their way with Talis able to help now that he would be free. 
Going over everything in his head again all of it sounded simple but Vasos knew it would be anything but that, as they headed out to the shore in the long boat Vasos couldn’t help but wonder why he hadn’t heard anything back from Kol yet, it was unusual for it to have taken this long. He fought back the worry he was feeling knowing that it would only serve as a distract him and with a final thought hoped and decided that he and his team were okay. Again forcing his mind on the task ahead he slipped almost immediately when again he went over what his new brothers were facing, after all it was one thing to fight a monster like Chrysaor, they were demigods, they fought monsters all the time it was a silent understanding that it was their lot in life to do so. On the other hand, finding a lost god that was different. If he was lost maybe there was a reason, it could be any number of things. Maybe he left and didn’t want to be found, if that was the case then it was rather doubtful that he’d go back to Asgard without a fight. If he was taken by something or someone then that was a being that was powerful enough to kidnap and hold captive a god that being the case they were going up against something that would most likely be their death. If somehow he lost his memory, he may not want to go back or even have no control of his powers. No matter what the situation turned out to be it wasn’t going to be a good one and he couldn’t help but worry about it. 
“I hope you’re ready Vasos because here comes the welcoming committee and remember I am unable to help you.” Frowned Talis. “At least I can’t attack you though.” 
Pushing aside his worries again Vasos focused on the shore where he could see twenty different creatures running towards their boat eager for a kill. 
“Nice, I’ll get a workout before the main event.” 
“That’s all the rest of his men except for the two personal body guards I told you about.” Talis growled. 
“Not a problem. I can handle it.” Vasos answered full of confidence. 
“Which part? Them, the guards, or the monster himself?” Talis questioned looking for some clarification.  
“All of the above.” Grinned Vasos widely as he jumped out of the boat and walked at a slow pace towards the group running at him. 
When the creatures were about twenty feet away Vasos jumped into the air sailing towards them like a meteor from the heavens, happily the group of monsters yelled under the delusion that Vasos was an easy target that played right into their hands. Roar and grunts cried out as he descended toward the middle of the crowd. Unfortunately with a mighty boom Vasos slammed through the crowd all the way to the ground where with both of his fists hit hard enough to cause a tidal wave of land that knocked all of the creatures over. Before they could recover Vasos was like a force of nature that destroyed them one by one, he stabbed, slashed and threw his blade freely changing the weapon back and forth between a sword and axe as he massacred them until they were all laid to waste. A few minutes later nothing remained in the area except the swirling ash of the monsters returning to the underworld and Hades embrace. 
“Once again you impress me Vasos.” Talis admired walking up to Vasos. 
“That was simple, hopefully the rest of the battles will be as stress-free.” Vasos exclaimed while wiping some of the ash off his clothes. 
“I would not count on it my friend, remember that Chrysaor has power over the water as well as an unmatched skill with the trident and not that I am comparing myself to you but he bested me.” Talis reminded him. 
“I understand completely my friend, but believe me I will put his boasting to the test, trust me.” He smiled playing with his sword swinging it back and forth. “Now what do you say I get moving and set you free?” 
“This bites I finally have a chance to beat you in the little bet we have and what happens Vasos has all the fun.” Sevrrir growled as he slammed his hand on the railing in anger. 
“There’s got to be someone else around here.” Sander shouted like he was hoping to draw some monsters to them. 
“Yell all you want Sander we’re out of luck, there’s not a monster in sight.” Sevrrir pouted. 
Interrupting them mid conversation was a sudden barrage of arrows the size of spears that narrowly missed them as they sailed over their heads. 
Turning towards the direction the arrows came from Sander and Sevrrir’s eyes brightened when they saw another ship twice as large as theirs sailing towards them with eleven full grown twenty foot tall Cyclopes’ coming towards them. 
“Trespassers in the seas of Rhodes, prepare to be boarded! Stand in the middle of the deck and throw down your weapons or we will destroy you and your ship! Make your choice!” One of them yelled. 
“This is great!” Sevrrir shouted happily. 
“And you didn’t want me to yell.” Sander remarked rolling his eyes. 
“Yes, yes you’re very smart for a pea brain.” Retorted Sevrrir eagerly staring at the invaders. 
“Ouch, you hit me where it hurts, my smarts.” He replied sarcastically. 
“Same plan as before? We wait for them to come aboard and then utterly destroy them?” 
“I don’t think that our ship could hold that much weight, as it is I’m surprised that it can carry your ego.” Laughed Sander. 
“Now, that’s no way to talk to your king of the world.” Sevrrir chided. “You’re not king of the world yet my slow witted little friend, let’s just make sure when they get close enough we board them before they board us.” Sander sighed taking a long drink. 
“When they get close enough use your vines and pull us on board the ship before they know what’s going on.” Sevrrir suggested. 
“Not a problem. Let’s do this!” 
Standing on the top of a hill that overlooked a make shift arena in front of the entrance to Chrysaor’s lair Vasos took stock of the place recalling everything he had learned. The strong hold was little more than a bunch of caves carved out of the side of a mountain, as Vasos looked it over he couldn’t help but stifle a little laugh. 
“This is it? This is the great fortress I’ve heard so much about?” 
“It’s not the fortress itself that is the problem, it’s the creature inside that calls himself a man.” Answered Talis gravely as he started to worry that Vasos was underestimating his opponent. 
“I will handle that problem, stay here my friend out of sight lest the monster demand that you come to his aid in some sly way, at present he has probably assumed you have fallen.” Vasos asked making a good point. 
“I don’t like the idea of you facing the three of them alone.” Talis remarked hoping that Vasos might change his mind. 
“Have faith my friend, I will survive this battle.” Smiled Vasos one last time before he jumped to the floor far below making a loud thud that announced his presence. 
A raspy voice laughed echoing through the entire place bouncing off the rock walls and sent shivers up and down Vasos’ spine. “So the rumors my men have circulated as of late are true. Had I known that I may have let the man live who reported it to me.” 
“Scared to meet me down here face to face Chrysaor?” Yelled Vasos echoing off the walls himself as he looked at Chrysaor high on the ledge above. 
Hideous laughter filled the air for a moment again before he spoke. “You want to meet me face to face? Do you not know who my mother is?” 
“Everyone knows who your mother is, the traitor to Athena that took pleasure in the torture and turning of men to stone until Perseus ended her miserable life giving birth to you and your brother Pegasus. Speaking of which has she escaped from Tartarus yet?” Vasos questioned poking jabs at him. 
A low deep growl emanated from the caves for a moment replacing the cocky laugh he had heard before. “Don’t you dare say a word against my mother, she has escaped from the underworld and is on her way here as we speak. After you are defeated I will torture you but keep you alive until she arrives to finish you off.” 
“I haven’t said anything that isn’t factual and if you plan on defeating me, here I stand.” Vasos pointed out spreading his arms in a challenge. 
“To reach me you will have to first survive my aunts.” Chrysaor said not being drawn in to the fight prematurely as he stepped out of the cave high above the ground looking down at Vasos. 
Covering his face was the trade mark golden Spartan type mask, the only difference was the empty spaces had been filled in leaving only the eye sockets open. His massive chest plate was gold as well and designed with medusa on one side and Poseidon on the other matching the gauntlets he was wearing on each hand. His pure black pants were perfect without a single sign of damage or even dust on them. The boots he was wearing were long and black leading all the way up to the middle of his shins and in his right hand was a giant golden trident. 
“Behold the instruments of your destruction.” He announced. 
The scraping sounds of scales against the ground drew Vasos’ attention to the caves directly in front of him. Slowly the two gorgon sisters Stheno and Euryale slithered out of the caves with murderous looks on their twisted faces. Stheno the middle sister of the three was a ten foot blood red raddle snake and from the waist to the neck she was perfect bodied, she had a small amount of red cloth covering her breasts and her arms were bare. From the head up was a different story, her eyes were blood red matching the dozens of snakes on her head that slithered back and forth snapping at the air while dripping deadly venom, her wickedly green colored teeth were pointed and her lips were black as night. Euryale was much the same as Stheno except the colors of her eyes, snake trunk and snakes in her hair were yellow instead of red and she was twice as heavy set as her sister. 
“Let me guess, you lovely ladies are the sisters of Medusa and unless I miss my mark, you my dear are Stheno.” He said pointing at the red gorgon. “And that would make you Euryale, I hear you have a wonderful voice.” 
“My voice has been known to cause death mortal, so say your prayers!” She yelled getting ready to bellow. 
As soon as she opens her mouth to scream Vasos’ sword found a new home in her mouth nearly cleaving her head in two pieces and sending her to the underworld. 
“I’m sorry that story was done right?” Questioned Vasos. 
Answering his comment was Stheno’s tail moving so fast he didn’t have time to dodge it before it tripped him sending him to the floor flat on his back. In a flash Stheno was on him trying to claw his face off, the only thing that saved him was his years of training and demigod reflexes. With his enhanced strength he held her at bay but wasn’t able to throw her off. 
“You only delay the inevitable mortal, I will feast on your flesh this day.” She hissed inches from his face. 
“Finish him off Stheno!” Yelled Chrysaor wildly. 
“You were a fool to throw away your weapon.” She laughed sure of her victory. 
Without answering Vasos forced his hand up to her face pushing her head backwards. 
“Do you really think you pushing would do anything to stop me?” She laughed overly confident. 
“I never considered stopping you with the head push, I was merely calling my weapon back to my hands.” Vasos said with a wild laugh of his own. 
“What madness do you speak?” 
Just then Vasos’ sword went right through Stheno’s head leaving her body twitching as he rolled her body off of him. 
“It looks like I made it past your aunts, care to play with me now?” Questioned Vasos looking up at Chrysaor as he dusted himself off. 
Sevrrir clawed his way through the vines that were trying wrap around his body as his anger steadily grew, changing back into human form he flipped high into the air coming down with his axe and narrowly missing Sander. 
“I knew it’d come down to this Sevrrir.” Sander sneered pointing his sword at Sevrrir. 
“So did I, it was only a matter of time. I have to admit I didn’t believe you could give me this much of a challenge.” Sevrrir admitted. 
“I’m full of surprises.” He said attacking so strong that Sevrrir was driven back. 
“I’d say you are full of something.” Sevrrir growled attacking back so furiously that Sander was taken off guard forcing him to trip and fall backwards. 
Following through in the fight Sevrrir brought his axe over his head for the final strike. “And now it ends.” He yelled bringing his axe down for the kill. 
“Nooooo!” Yelled Sander as the axe fell for the final stroke. 
The chop was perfect, swift and strong it severed the head completely. 
“It’s finished, at last I’ve silenced that mouth of yours.” Smiled Sevrrir happily. 
“You got lucky, that kill would have been mine if you wouldn’t have blindsided me with a paw when I was about to finish him off.” Sander frowned getting back to his feet as the Cyclopes next to him dissolved into ash disappearing into the underworld. 
“Whatever the case may have been, you lost and now you have to call me oh great king of the world starting tomorrow.” He laughed heading back to their ship as the one they were on exploded here and there in flame. 
“This sucks!” Sander said kicking a hand that had yet to fade into the underworld.   
“Not for me and I’m sure Vasos will love it when he gets back.” Sevrrir jested. 
“If he gets back, he’s been gone a really long time.” Sander suddenly said darkly remembering how long it had been. 
Vasos had been warned about Chrysaor’s water powers but he still wasn’t prepared for what had happened. As Chrysaor dropped to the floor to meet him in combat he summoned water from underground forcing it directly underneath Vasos throwing him so high in the air for a moment he could spot their ship in the distance. As he plunged back to Earth another spout of water filled with rocks flew up towards him ready to pound the life out of him. Twisting in the air Vasos forced his body to line up like a diver, then pulling out his axe he spun like a top cutting his way right through the stream of water until he reached the ground dripping wet but unscathed for the most part. 
As the water and rocks fell all around them Chrysaor and Vasos just stared at one another defiantly. 
Suddenly breaking the stand-off Chrysaor brought the tip of his trident up placing it under his chin ready to impale himself as tears visibly dripped from the bottom of his mask taking Vasos by surprise. Talis watched in silence completely surprised as he waited for what could happen next when finally two small torrents of water shoot out of the ground with one hitting Chrysaor in the face and the other knocking the trident away from his chin. 
Smiling Vasos continues staring at Chrysaor now that he was back in control of his emotions. “Two can play the powers game Chrysaor.” 
“How dare you even think to challenge me much less think you can win, I am the son of Poseidon and Medusa the most powerful demigod ever!” 
Smiling Vasos thought to himself. “So being arrogant is your weakness and I bet that you are over-compensating for being outshined by your brother so let’s nurture those feelings shall we?” 
Focusing his powers to inspire feelings of jealousy in Chrysaor he began. “So what, everyone only knows you as a thug, a nothing. Everyone loves your brother though, had you set yourself to the task you could have been something like him, instead you are a pathetic pirate that people despise completely. In fact most people don’t even know who your parents are.” 
“He’s nothing compared to me, I’m the one that matters, ME!!!!” He yelled turning in a circle with his arms stretched out as if challenging Poseidon to prove otherwise. 
As he turned away from him Vasos changed his axe to a sword and dropped it in the muddy water behind him letting it disappear from sight. When Chrysaor faced him again Vasos blatantly ran at him counting on his opponent’s arrogance. Just as he hoped Chrysaor stepped to the side hitting Vasos on the back with the butt of his trident sending Vasos to the floor face first. 
“This is who you send against me, this waste of a life?” Chrysaor yelled at the sky in defiant challenge. 
Suddenly Vasos’ weapon flew with deadly purpose from underneath the mud where it was hidden towards Chrysaor’s back but in less than a second he whirled around blocking it with a laugh. “Did you really think I’d fall for the same trick my aunt did?” 
Turning back around Chrysaor’s eyes went wide when he sees a rock the size of his entire body flying at him so fast that he had no time to block, it hit him with such force that the armor on his chest crushed in and his mask flew off. Unable to get out from behind the force and speed propelling him Chrysaor ended up crushed into the rock wall behind him leaving pinned with only his head exposed. Surprising Vasos was the face of Chrysaor he was obviously handsome, something he would have never imagined before the fight as he looked at the dark black hair and sea blue eyes of the so called monster facing him. 
“No, I knew you wouldn’t fall for the same trick. In fact I counted on it, well that along with your arrogance.” Vasos grinned getting on top of the rock. “And now monster you can die the same way your mother did.” 
“You can kill me Vasos but know that I have heard the whispers from the gods, you and Kol will never make it to your last quests. They will abandon you and leave you to darkness and death the way they do with all those they use.” 
“We’ll see about that.” Vasos growled cutting off his head. 
Walking back to the mask and picking it up off the floor Vasos looked to the heavens. “I am Vasos, son of Aphrodite and descendant of Hercules and with this mask I have completed my first quest from the gods.” He said holding it up in the air. 
A beautiful light surrounded the mask drawing it into the sky for a second before disappearing. “I am Zeus father of Olympus, king of the Greek gods. You have done well Vasos, continue on with the blessings of the gods.” 
With that the sky went dark as Vasos looked to Talis who stared in awe silently. “Celebrate Talis for today you again can breathe the free air!” 
 
 
Chapter 38 
 
High above the forest Kol and the others looked at everything as it passed by them slowly, the forest was beautifully thick blocking a lot of the view of the underbrush but when it did the view was breathtaking. Without meaning to Kol’s mind went strategic thinking of how there was any number of spots a person could be without anyone seeing them. 
Stopping the bubble so it just floated high above everything Kol turned to the others with a frown. “This isn’t working.” 
“I know so far all I’ve seen are leafs and birds, I can’t even catch a glimpse of the ground.” Hallthor said staring at the foliage. 
“I think we should keep flying, we’ll look at everything from up here until we reach the ocean, then we land, spread out and walk back through the forest until we get to the village covering every inch of the forest.” Suggested Curios. 
“That’s better than what I had in mind.” Conceded Kol with a weird look on his face. 
“Why? What plan did you have?” Hallthor asked raising an eyebrow. “None.” He laughed forcing his magic bubble to fly again towards the water. 
Heading off at amazing speed they all joked some more for a minute before a hushed silence fell over them as the last of the forest slowly cruised by below them. Slowly the ocean reached out towards them as the view of the water stretched out before their eyes. Each of them drink in the sight of the sunlight bouncing off the water which instantly made them calm and almost entranced until a voice startled them so much that Kol almost dropped them out of the sky. 
“What are we looking for?” A man said appearing next to the others peering at the forest. 
“A lost friend.” Kol said eyeing the man calmly like his presence was no big deal. “My Lord…?” 
Hearing the courteous manner of speaking from Kol the man smiled, a genuine friendly smile that drew Curios and Hallthor in immediately, the second he spoke and smiled was the second that they trusted this man completely. Kol could see it in their eyes, he could feel that there was a change in them and more than anything he knew it happened because he could feel the power trying to change him as well. Taking stock of the man Kol noted that he was about six feet tall with salt and pepper hair, his eyes were sea blue and he had a very skinny build making him look like he hadn’t eaten much in a long time. He was clean shaven and had almost unnaturally white teeth that beamed at him from between purplish looking lips. 
“Pish posh, let us dispense with the pleasantries shall we? There’s no need for you to call me Lord, I’d rather you think of me as a…friend.” 
With the last word Kol could feel the magic double in force desperately trying to invade his mind and heart, the weird thing was that Kol wasn’t trying to stop the power, at least not consciously, but for some reason it couldn’t get through to him. It was like a strong wind trying to get through a window, you could see and hear its effects through the window but it couldn’t get to you. 
“Are you in fact the one we’ve been looking for?” Questioned Kol. 
“That depends on who it is you have been looking for little demigod.” He answered a little less friendly. 
“Kol don’t be rude to our new friend, it doesn’t matter who he is!” Chided Hallthor somewhat pushing Kol to the side. 
“Yeah Kol what’s with the third degree?” Said Curios pushing Kol a little bit as well. 
“Now, now boys, don’t be too hard on Kol he didn’t mean any kind of disrespect.” He smiled melting them into his fold even more. 
“Yes sir.” They said in unison stiffening like soldiers. “Sorry Kol.” 
“You are powerful Kol there are not many demigods that could resist me, you are interesting to me.” The man smiled gleefully. 
“Are we not interesting?” Frowned Hallthor on the verge of tears. 
“Of course you are.” The man reassured him patting him on the back. “Now why don’t you two go and play for a little bit while I speak to Kol, don’t worry boys you’ll get to see me again and play with Kol, I promise.” 
Abruptly the two of them disappeared leaving Kol alone with the man. 
“You know what pal, I don’t care who you are if you don’t bring my friends back right now and put them right you are going to be in a world of hurt.” Snarled Kol. 
“Calm down Kol and listen to what I have to say, I’m betting you and your little friends were sent here by Odin acting on the behest of Freyja and that being the case I would be careful with your threats. By now I’m sure that you have figured out that I am Od god of summer. I was not lost, nor was I stolen. I left, no longer do I care to be part of the Asgardians and no longer do I feel the love I once did for Freyja. So tell me son of Loki, how do you think that you are going to make me come back to a place I don’t wish to go?” He questioned with clear animosity in his voice. 
“You wouldn’t be the first god I’ve fought.” Kol said simply. “So believe me when I say that one way or another I will be completing this quest with you willingly helping or not.” 
“Impudent pup! You would dare challenge a god?!” Yelled Od blasting Kol backwards so hard it sent him falling to the forest. 
Quickly Kol righted himself floating slowly back up towards Od who had now taken on his true form. Od had pure black hair and glowing orange eyes and his beard was full and wild. He was about ten feet tall and had a stocky build, his clothes were simple and made of cloth, his shirt was the color of teakwood bark and his pants were reddish pink with the vein of leaves through them and his feet were bare as well as his hands. 
“I have watched you since you arrived Kol and I have found that you have a weakness. You care about your friends too much, you have allowed them to become your family and they have done the same. Together you have become a force to be reckoned with, but how would you fair without that advantage, how would you survive?” 
“I am not without gifts of my own or power to defend myself.” Replied Kol nervously at the turn the conversation had taken. 
“Oh I know, you have no choice, it’s not your fault, you were put in the situation and for the gods you would fight and even die if need be. I bet you would even kill, at least that’s what it looked like when you fought Jor, but how would you fair when you couldn’t just pound on someone? How would you do if you the option to kill to even hurt wasn’t there? I don’t believe that you would survive.” 
“There’s always another way.” He answered through gritted teeth. 
“Maybe there is, I have a proposal though my young friend and if you win I will go back with you willingly.” He smiled evilly. 
“What’s the proposal?” Kol asked skeptically. 
“If you can make it from the ocean to the village before the sunsets on foot only, then I will go back with you, if not, you must serve me for the rest of your life do my bidding no matter what it is I ask, do you agree?” Od stated completely sure that Kol would refuse. 
“What’s the catch?” Questioned Kol. 
“You act like you have a choice, I was merely being polite. Do not forget I have your friends, either you will play my game or they will, what will it be?” 
“I accept but you are playing with fire Od and eventually you will be burned.” Kol hissed. 
“Your loyalty will be your downfall.” Od laughed. “As for the catch that’s simple turn around.” 
Kol turned to find one of Hallthor’s hammers flying at his head, quickly he dropped dodging the weapon just in time. As he watched it flew back down to the far off beach into his brothers hand. Standing next to him was Curios who was calling the ocean to encase him completely. 
“You will drop down to the beach in front of them, don’t worry they will not attack right away. Once you are there I will give you a one minute head start before they chase you, though you should understand that once they follow you they will be playing for keeps. They’re one goal right now is to catch you and kill you, but feel free to defend yourself anyway you choose. Also, I will be sending in a few of the dark elves to keep things interesting and all of you busy. And before you think about just avoiding everything know that the elves will be intent on killing your beloved brothers as well. So now we will see if there is indeed another way Kol.” He laughed disappearing. 
Kol looked to the horizon where like his heart the sun was dropping rapidly, his mind raced trying to think of someway to break the hold Od had on his friends but in his heart he doubted that his power was any match for this god. Before he knew it he was standing on the beach with his two friend’s only feet away. 
“Hallthor, Curios snap out of it.” Kol’s voice urgently pleaded hoping that he somehow could reach them. “It’s me your brother Kol.” 
“You now have one minute left to run traitor, one minute to live before we avenge Kol’s death!” Growled Hallthor. 
“I look forward to tearing you apart for what you did to him.” Roared Curios. 
“What are you talking about, it’s me you fruit cakes.” Kol said trying to place his hand on Hallthor’s shoulder only to receive a hammer to the face. 
Before he can even hit the ground a rush of water shot him into the forest till he hit a tree so hard the trunk cracked. 
“So much for the diplomatic approach.” He muttered getting to his feet. 
“Time to improvise.” 
Kol concentrated and instantly over twenty of him appeared in the forest spreading out and running along with him towards the city. “This should make it a little more difficult for them to find me and a little easier for me to make it.” 
To his dismay dozens of water spouts popped out of the ground under several of the fake Kol’s turning them back into light, while at the same moment Hallthor’s hammers flew through the forest taking out trees and fake Kol after Kol until he had to put up a shield to protect himself. 
“Did you really think that you could hide from us in such a cowardly manner?” Asked Curios sounding more insane than anything. 
“Our brother had used that trick several times before, we know how to handle that.” Laughed Hallthor. “Try all you want, it makes no difference today is the day you die!” He finished calling down a bolt of lightning that Kol was barely able to hold up against. 
Before he can recover from the attack two giant fists made of water begin pommeling him so hard that he could feel the impacts through his shield. 
Kol natural instinct was to attack but he was worried about hurting his friends, the decision however was taken out of his hands when arrows flew with deadly purpose sailed through the forest towards all of them. Instantly Kol’s protective nature over the others won over his intelligence proving that Od may have had a point, lowering his shield he turned his back on the others while he attacked the dark elves with his blasts of magic energy. The moment he finished he simply closed his eyes and braced for the attack he knew was coming. 
As the hammers flew into his back Kol couldn’t help but wonder if this was how he was going to die, a complete failure. Maybe the gods never really trusted him, maybe this was all a set up to get him here so the people he trusted could finish him off without him putting up a real fight. 
“Being the center of the universe is so difficult isn’t it?” A voice whispered in his head. “Yes the gods both Greek and Norse put aside everything else on their plate so they could trick you into a fake quest all so they could have two demigods gain your trust and then betray you so you could be killed or permanently changed to Loki’s side against them. How arrogant are you?” 
With a sigh Kol got to his feet dodging a barrage of arrows, water and hammers after him as he ran again towards the village. “What a nice way to kick me while I’m down, listen I get what you’re saying and all and I don’t want to be rude. But I don’t know who you are and frankly it’s a little hard to stay alive with someone else talking in my head, I have enough tormenting thoughts of my own thanks though.” 
“I am here to help you Kol, I have watched you and protected you since you were born. You are not who you think you are, do not let Loki trick and corrupt you, you are so much more than just the powers you have discovered and the same holds true for Vasos. You are greater than you know and more important than you have been told as is Vasos. Do not fault Floggen for his deception it was necessary and protected you more than you know. Now how can I help you child?” 
“I have an idea.” He says out loud before making one of the trees come alive to attack and capture his two friends for a moment. Quickly he whispered to the voice what he would have done before turning his attention back to the elves. 
“Are you sure that is all you desire from me? I could defeat and wipe out all the elves if you wish.” The voice asked. 
“No, I must defeat and win this quest on my own. What I do want to know is who are you? Was I correct in assuming that you are the goddess Vasos and I owe a favor to?” Kol half smiled figuring he was right. 
“WHAT!?” The voice yelled in his head. “Where and how did this happen?” 
“I really don’t have the time to explain fully, so real quick version, queen beholden to goddess in Melos, caught Vasos wanted favor in exchange for help needed and we agreed.” He answered quickly running through the forest freezing and knocking out elves left and right. 
“I see, that was ill advised…Kol but what’s done is done, I will endeavor to find out who it is and how I can help but for now I will do as you wish.” The voice said fading from his head. 
Hallthor and Curios were hot on his trail attacking with everything they could, determined to extinguish his life. Kol tried to think of what magic he could use against them to capture and not wound or kill but nothing came to mind at the moment, using his abilities to create ice would only fuel Curios weapons against him. 
“If only I had more abilities.” He wished. 
A fearful yelp quickly drew his attention turning him around to look at his brothers, surprising him was a door of light that sucked Hallthor into it, Curios was ten feet away trying to use his powers to keep Hallthor in place but in the end he disappeared into the door which abruptly changed forming a crossroad of light that began spinning quickly until it stopped with the roads ending at a tree each. Hallthor suddenly appeared in the middle of the roads running at top speed until he hit a tree full force knocking him to the floor in a daze. Enraged at the sight Curios screamed running to Hallthor’s side checking to make sure he was fine. 
“You did this!” He shrieked running at Kol with his trident. “You will not take another one of my brother’s from me!” 
As he watched his brother run at him Kol raised a shield but unexpectedly Curios shots water filled with ice daggers to the left side of Kol. Then following it he performed a whole fight as if some invisible force was attacking him, while Kol just watched confused at the sight. Finally after a sweep with the trident he buries it in the ground with glee like he just stabbed a monster. 
“And so my brother Kol is finally avenged!” Curios shouted to the heavens before running back to Hallthor to help him up. 
Kol just watched them for a second before running off towards the city at top speed still completely baffled by what had just happened, finally after ten minutes he reached the edge of the woods just in time. Od meanwhile was lazily laying underneath a tree eating some grapes and drinking some wine. 
“You don’t disappoint Kol, you’re everything I expected you to be. Even being ignorant to so many things about yourself you found another way, in the end though it really doesn’t matter, that was the easy part for you, because if you think I’m actually going to go back without a fight you’re delusional and no matter how powerful you are there’s no way you could defeat me.” 
“Lord Od, I never dreamt that you would come with me willingly. I know you left for a reason and would fight to keep the life and freedom you have made here.” 
“Then you accept that you will and failed this quest, I will leave this place and find another to dwell upon. Even if you didn’t give up you would be searching forever.” He laughed. 
“Not true my lord. My quest was to find you, not to bring you back or fight you and I have done so.” Smiled Kol happily. 
“And how would you prove that you have found me?” Od said happily. 
“I will let Freyja know you are here.” Kol shrugged matter-of-factly. 
“Not while I’m blocking any prayers from leaving this place.” He snapped summoning another bottle of wine. 
“That’s not a problem after all with a little help from a friend I already got the message out.” Laughed Kol pointing behind Od. 
With a look of absolute fear Od slowly turned to see Freyja standing behind him, with a simple look Od instantly fell in love with her all over again. “I forgot just how beautiful you were, I was a fool to ever leave our life together! Please forgive me my lady and let me love you for the rest of our days!” 
“So long I have wept and wished and searched for you my love, all I have wanted was to hear you say you wanted to be with me forever but now that I see you, I know that you are always going to be quick to change your mind being the capricious god you are. That doesn’t change the fact that I love you, so I will make this decision and decree here and now. From now on you will only have me to love you because anytime you try to talk to any other women you will hence forth change into a swamfisk, with your decaying skin and pungent smell no woman will be able to talk to you or even want you. I am all you will have for the rest of time.” She smiled evilly casting the enchantment over him. 
Od shot to his feet in protest but it’s too late the deed was done, dejectedly he looked at Kol for a moment. “Help me Kol, please convince Loki to help me and remove this enchantment and I will tell you the truth that has been hidden your entire life.” 
Freyja’s eyes flared for a moment but she held her anger for the moment remaining silent as she stared at Kol awaiting his decision on this newest test. 
Looking from her to Od with a smile Kol answered. “I’ve waited this long and done much without that knowledge Od, I think I can wait a little longer. Enjoy your life with the beautiful Lady Freyja my Lord Od.” 
“Thank you Kol for your help and your noble choice, yet another of your deeds will echo through the halls of Asgard.” Smiled Freyja disappearing along with Od. 
Kol’s heart was heavy for a moment until he became overjoyed as he saw Hallthor and Curios stumble out of the forest looking lost. 
“Kol, can you ever forgive us?” Questioned Curios looking at the ground. 
“It wasn’t your fault Curios, you were under the influence of a rouge god.” 
“It was terrible Kol, I was trapped in my own mind on a beautiful summer island with my only company being a giant vision of what was happening to you.” Sniffed Hallthor sadly. 
“Don’t worry Hallthor, it’s over now. We have won and we will be the stronger for it. But first watch this.” Looking to the sky Kol raised his hands yelling. “I am Kol son of Loki and Thor as Lady Freyja as my witness I have completed my first quest!” 
The sky opens with a massive boom of Odin’s voice. “I am Odin the all father, kings of the gods! The gods of Asgard are proud of you Kol and delight in your progress and decisions, continue on this path and go with our blessings!” 
Just as quick as it opened the sky closed with a rumble leaving everything seeming silent and a little hollow. 
“Now my brothers, let us find Floggen and return triumphant to send the message to Vasos about what we’ve done and where we are heading to next.” 
 
 
Chapter 39 
 
The trip back to the ship was a pleasant one, Talis was overjoyed at being free at last and asked if could follow Vasos on his journey to the second quest eager to repay his debt. “If any and all of my skills are at your disposal my friend.” Declared Talis. 
“We’d be lucky to have you with us my friend.” Smiled Vasos, looking out over the water to the ship. 
Staring at the ship Vasos could see the remains of another larger vessel not too far away from theirs, he hoped that his friends destroyed the ship and any danger from it but the way their luck usually ran probably not. “That’s not good.” He said staring at the wreckage. 
“Certainly not, that is one of Chrysaor’s ships although I don’t know who he would have got to man it.” Talis explained readying his weapons. 
Quickly the two of them got into the long boat and rowed as fast as they could to get to the ship and if necessary help their comrades defend or retake it, Vasos knew the other two demigods could protect themselves but still he couldn’t help but worry a little because though powerful they 
could be defeated, besides he was eager to tell others what had happened in his fight and also find out if there was any news from Kol yet. 
Heroically Vasos and Talis stormed onto the deck of the ship ready for a fight only to find Sander and Sevrrir completely hammered drunk and attempting to sing songs with their arms around one another. 
“Wow that was a lot of noise, what’s all of the racket about Vasos?” Questioned Sevrrir trying to get to his feet but he fell back down before he was even near to achieving it. 
“What’s with the ship?” Vasos asked pointing at the massive vessel pieces floating aimlessly next to theirs. 
“That was the tie breaker ship, the great king of the world here won.” Sander answered slugging Sevrrir in the arm. 
“What nonsense are you talking about?” Vasos frowned kicking Sander’s foot. 
“We had a bet, whoever defeated and destroyed the most enemies would be the victor. The loser had to call the winner great king of the world for two days. I lost and was supposed to start calling Sevrrir that tomorrow but what the hell. I love this guy.” Sander explained in-between hiccups. 
“That’s right! I am the great king of the world!” Slurred Sevrrir spilling his drink all over Talis. 
“That’s wonderful but you aren’t the winner, I am. I defeated the most enemies out of the three of us, so starting tomorrow you can call me the great king of the world.” Laughed Vasos. 
“Hey nobody said that you were part of the bet.” Whined Sevrrir crossing his arms like a child throwing a tantrum. “Isn’t that right Sander?” 
He said with a look at Sander, but he was staring wide eyed at Talis slowly looking all the way up from his hoofs to his head over and over. “Hey buddy, I hate to tell you this, but you are in really bad shape, did you know that someone changed your legs into a horse?” 
“Oh my god, what ever shall I do?” Talis joked. 
“Don’t worry buddy we’ll get you right, it could be worse you could look like him.” Sander giggled pointing at Sevrrir. 
“Yeah.” He agreed for a second before looking confused. “Wait what?” 
“Anyway focus and as fun as this has been I need to know if Kol has sent a message.” Sighed Vasos kicking Sander in the leg. 
“Kol’s great we can’t wait to party with him, but no we haven’t heard anything from him yet.” Sander replied before passing out after answering. 
“I was afraid of that.” Vasos grimaced looking at Sevrrir whom he found snoring as well. “Great, well Talis it looks like it’s just you and me.” 
“No offense Vasos but I haven’t been able to drink in a very, very long time, Chrysaor wouldn’t allow it, so I’m planning on joining these two in drunk land in a bit.” He said with a laugh. 
“I suppose we could all use a bit of rest and libation given the events of the last couple of days.” Vasos conceded thinking over everything that had happened. “I’ll have the ship take us back to Argos so we can relax there in peace and safety while I can talk to some people about the next quest.”  
“What is the quest anyway?” Queried Talis picking up Sander’s flask and taking a huge drink. 
Vasos was about to answer when the golden bird descended from the sky and landed on the deck in front of him. 
“I’m sorry Talis but I need to hear this message, I’ve been worried about some friends on a different quest.” Vasos apologized quickly turning to press the button. 
“Think nothing of it Vasos I have Sander’s magic flask to keep me occupied for the moment, would you like to be alone?” He questioned before taking another huge drink. 
“Not at all, feel free to listen my friend.” Vasos said over his shoulder as he pressed the button enthusiastically waiting to hear the message. “Hail Vasos, I’m sure that this message finds you alive and well with a quest completed because we are all just that good. At least that’s what I’m hoping, I know that you can’t see me but I have my fingers crossed. We just got back to the ship, the first quest was difficult, we found the lost god Od. Regrettably Od had not wanted to be found and left of his own freewill, he took control of Hallthor and Curios sending them to kill me. At the same time he flooded the forest I was forced to run through with some dark elves, nasty little beasts to deal with but it didn’t take me much of course. To make a long story short I survived the forest and our new brothers.” He laughed for a second making Vasos smile. “Although I couldn’t tell you exactly how I achieved any of this, I felt weird for a moment and then powers happened that I’m not even sure came from me but somehow am sure that they did if that makes sense, I don’t know but I will find out and let you know. Has anything like that happened to you? The reason I ask will become clear in a second, the voice I told you about spoke directly to me offering aid during the fight, in so much that whoever it was offered to destroy all the enemies for me. I refused for any help other than for whoever it was to take a message to Freyja for me since the god Od was blocking prayers. Od said that there was more to me than I have been told and the voice indicated that the same held true for us both and to make things more confusing the voice told me it was not the goddess we owe the favor to. So let me know if new powers have developed or if current powers have evolved for you as well and maybe together we can figure out what has been hidden from us. In regard to the quests though, currently we are going to try and get to Asgard (after some rest of course) where our second quest is positioned in front of us, wish us luck because I’m sure we’re going to need it. I have to steal the hair my father Loki cut off of Lady Sif and somehow I doubt he’ll be willing to give it or forgive me for taking it. Anyway let me know how you guys are doing, I’m a little bit worried about you, don’t ask me why I just am. I guess I just want to make sure everyone’s okay, stay safe my brother.” 
The message ended leaving Vasos with a warm feeling knowing that the others were okay, unfortunately at the same time he felt worried about the hidden information Kol spoke of but all he could do for now is keep a look out for any indications. Despite the fact that he’s never met them he felt the same way Kol did, one way or another they were all family now. 
“Thank the gods they’re alright.” He voiced with a relaxed breath while pressing the button. “Hail Kol, there is no need to worry little brother we were indeed successful in our venture and none of us are the worse for wear. I’m overjoyed to hear that you were successful on your quest and everyone is alright I was getting a little worried about you guys since it took longer to hear from you this time, I’m glad that it was unfounded. I hope that the others aren’t beating themselves up too badly for being forced to attack you, it wasn’t their fault. As for our quest, I fought Chrysaor in front of his stronghold right after I defeated his aunts the two gorgons known as Stheno and Euryale, that’s right count it brother major monsters taken down. I know what you mean about feeling peculiar though, at the end of the fight I felt different and then was able to lift more weight than I ever have, I just figured that it was adrenaline or something but now who knows? Although I can assure you that no bizarre voice spoke with me. So I’m not sure what’s happening to us or why but I agree something defiantly is, I will pray to my mother for an answer but who knows if she’ll tell me? Currently, the others are passed out or passing out from drinking, which reminds me we have a new addition to our little group. During the last quest we rescued an Ipotane named Talis who is now traveling with us. I’m taking the ship back to Argos for the night so we will be safe while they drink. Once there I’m going to ask around and hopefully find some information or rumors about where the armor of Achilles is framed to be located, that is my next quest. Good luck on your next task Kol and be careful.” 
As the bird glided off into the distance Vasos took to the helm ordering the ship to take them to Argos. 
“Talis we’re here, are you going to stay on the ship or head out into the city with me to see the king and queen?” He questioned grabbing Sevrrir and picking him up with a strong throw over his shoulder. 
“I believe I will stay on the ship, I know without a doubt that I will not be able to walk back here when I’m done drinking. Also before you go please forgive my intrusion but during your message I couldn’t help but over hear that you have been tasked with finding and obtaining the armor of Achilles, you’re in luck because I happen to know where it is. I have been alive for over three hundred years and in that time I have tried many quests and one of them was to obtain the armor for myself. It was over a hundred years ago but it may still be there, I must warn you however that to get there is a perilous journey few can survive. In fact I never made it to the island it was located on, for the danger was too great.” Talis described gravely as he plucked Sander off the deck. 
“Where exactly is the armor located?” Vasos questioned leading him to the sailor quarters to lay the others down. 
“The island of the sirens.” 
 
 
Chapter 40 
 
After sending the message Kol and the others found Floggen drinking in the tavern still and making friends the only way he knows how. When they walked in he was standing on the table daring anybody to come close and try to take him on as he swung a stool back and forth to keep them at bay. As they entered Kol figured it was best to calm down the situation before Floggen got into full scolding mode again. 
“We better stop him before he gets all worked up.” Kol stated with a sigh as he headed towards the captain of their ship. 
“I like when the little guy gets all worked up, besides he could use a little sense knocked into that thick skull of his.” Hallthor grunted sitting at another table close by. 
“I’ll take care of it Kol, I think you’ve done enough for one day fending off our idiocy and defeating a god in the most stylish of ways.” Sighed Curios still upset about what happened. 
Kol almost called out to him and explain that it wasn’t his fault for the third time but he thought better of it instead as he sat at the table with Hallthor who was just staring into his drink lost in thought. 
“Hey, are you okay big guy?” Kol tried to joke in the hopes of lightening the situation. 
“No I’m really not. We were supposed to help you on these quests not hinder you by going crazy, worse than that we are brothers, family, but there we were too weak to stop what we did.” Hallthor exploded nearly knocking over his beer. 
“It wasn’t your fault, nobody could have resisted his power.” Kol reassured hopefully. 
“You did.” 
“We don’t know that. For all we know Od allowed me to not be affected so he could toy with me.” Kol pointed out. 
“So you survived.” Floggen exclaimed happily interrupting the talk as he sat at the table with them. “That’s great.” 
“You owe us some answers Floggen, the voice you spoke of came to me and said not to be hard on you for lying to us. I was told it was necessary in order for you to help us and keep me safe. That being said I want you to know that all of us decided that we trust you completely and whatever else you may be you are our friend first and foremost.” Scowled Kol a bit at first before his look softened at the end of what he was saying. 
“Kol, I never wanted to lie to any of you, and as much as it pains me I cannot tell you who I truly am yet or what my reasons are for still keeping secrets from you. Just know that I am here to help you and Vasos if I can, I will protect you all to the best of my abilities.” He answered somberly. 
“Thank you all for trusting me and most of all for your friendship.” 
“I just have to say something, I failed out there today Kol. I failed you and Hallthor and I failed myself. That will never happen again, I promise.” Declared Curios taking the pause in the conversation to finally say what was on his mind. 
“The same goes for me.” Hallthor agreed slamming his mug on the table. 
Kol couldn’t help it, he just simply smiled at both of them. “You are both too hard on yourselves, but I understand what you are feeling, I have been there myself before and I pledge the same to you because even in this task, I failed you both as well. I should have been strong enough to defeat his hold on you both.” 
They all cheered together knowing nothing else needed to be said before they looked at Floggen expecting him to pledge as well. 
“Don’t look at me I didn’t fail anybody.” He laughed smacking his own thigh. 
“Sure you did, you didn’t meet the height requirement to be on a grown up quest.” Hallthor hooted smacking him on the back. 
Floggen’s smile faded quickly as he glared at Hallthor for a moment before allowing their laughing to infect him. 
“What do you say squirt gun? Do I make the cut or am I too short like Hallthor says?” Questioned Floggen to Curios playfully. 
“You are the perfect height Floggen, just tall enough for me to set my mug on your head so I don’t have to lean over and pick it up, but just short enough to hit Hallthor in the groin.” Answered Curios with a wink at him. 
“And you Kol?” Floggen asked happily looking to Kol. 
“What about me? I’m tall enough to journey on all of the rides.” Laughed Kol lightheartedly. 
“I’m sure you are.” A familiar sensual voice chimed in from behind them. 
Kol turned to see Hypatia walk up to the table drawing everyone’s attention in the bar. 
“It’s been quite a spell has it not brave demigod?” She asked sweetly sitting down next to him. 
“A lifetime too long.” He winked standing up and performing a long bow. 
“Gentlemen please allow me to introduce Hypatia, daughter of Zeus and 
Hera, goddess of light, the sky and creativity.” 
Each of them swiftly followed Kol’s example standing and bowing formally. 
“What caused you to grace us with your presence my lady?” Hallthor inquired as his voice cracked and he clearly blushed. 
“Marry me, I’m yours.” Curios blurted without thinking before she could answer instantly matching Hallthor’s color and regretting his lack of control as he slunk down in his chair a little. 
“How extremely cute.” Laughed Hypatia musically. “I came to visit with Kol of course the two of us are...quite close, aren’t we Kol?” She continued making him blush the same as the others. “Anyway, I was just curious about how he and the rest of you were doing so far.” 
“I’m doing much better now that I’ve been graced with your presence my lady.” Kol said dreamily.  
“I am glad to hear that, I hope you can assure me of something if you would be so kind?” She questioned looking a little embarrassed herself. 
“Anything I can do for you I will my lady.” Kol assured. 
“Excellent, I have heard that your next quest will take you to Asgard. 
You’re not planning on replacing me while you are there are you?” 
“I could never replace you.” He answered happily at the implication. 
“Lucky me.” She smiled widely before changing the subject realizing that the others were staring with gaping maws. “Have you decided how you shall get to Asgard?” She questioned looking at them all one by one to snap them out of it. 
“The ship will take us there.” Floggen blurted out for them. “I mean…I assume that it will.” He corrected quickly feeling silly for assuming. 
“Normally the ship might good captain, but right now the rainbow bridge has been closed. Odin and Zeus have both closed the demigod routes into and out of our homes, it has caused quite a stir since no one is sure why exactly. As such, the ship will take you to the entrance to the realm of Asgard but you will have to convince Heimdal that you are worthy to enter and not a danger to the realm on your own to enter.” She explained a little irritated at the situation. 
“Just what we need, the guard of the gods wanting us to prove ourselves, haven’t we done enough yet? Shouldn’t we simply be allowed to enter? After all it was the gods that set these quests…I mean…never mind.” Complained Hallthor for a moment before catching himself. 
“No one would question has questioned any of your deeds or bravery young demigods, but I’m sure you could understand that anyone who is meant to protect the gods being a little suspicious of everyone no matter what the circumstances.” Hypatia reasoned trying to make him feel better. 
“I guess.” Muttered Hallthor. “Sorry for complaining my lady.” 
“We will do whatever may be necessary to gain entrance to Asgard and complete our quest my lady.” Kol assured. “I have no issue proving ourselves to the great Heimdal.” 
“I’m sure you will Kol, you don’t disappoint. You are all amazing in my eyes, but unfortunately farewell for now my brave demigods.” She said standing up and kissing Kol on the cheek before disappearing leaving them all stunned. 
“It would never workout kid.” Floggen grunted waking Kol from his day dream. 
“Why?” Kol demanded hurt at the thought. 
“She’s Greek and you’re Norse, it has been forbidden by the gods for you to be together.” He stated matter-of-factly. 
“Man that’s a really tough break buddy.” Curios said polishing off his drink. 
“I’m not great at following the rules when my heart is concerned.” Kol muttered thinking about the law. “But when it comes to orders from the gods I have never flinched.” 
“How about when your butt was on the line?” Floggen snapped eyeing him. “Because that is exactly what would be at stake here if you pursue that woman.” 
“We’ll see.” He snapped back suddenly feeling defiant. 
Interfering the continuation of the now heated conversation was the appearance of the golden bird flying into the bar and landing on the table in front of Kol. 
“Saved by the bird.” Kol eyed Floggen as he pressed the button. “Let’s see what Vasos had to say.” 
Pressing the button they all listen hoping to hear good news, thankfully they weren’t disappointed and the longer they listened the happier they became hearing that their friends were alive and well and on the way to the second quest. 
“So the same thing happened to Vasos that happened to me, but the voice didn’t speak to him, that’s interesting. I wonder what has been hidden from the two of us.” Kol pondered. 
“Maybe you’re both just finally coming in to your powers completely?” Curios asked hopefully wishing that all it would be. 
“Perhaps.” Kol reluctantly agreed. 
“What are you going to send back?” Questioned Floggen changing the subject. 
“I’ll tell him what we’ve learned.” He answered with a shrug. 
“You could tell him that the armor he seeks is on the island of the sirens and unfortunately for him that particular island is where all the monsters appear when they return from Tartarus.” Floggen suggested shaking his head gloomily. 
Pressing the button with a frown at the news Kol took a deep breath. “Hey there Vasos, so it was good to hear that all of you are doing well, and let me say great job on defeating that monster and rescuing Talis. Which reminds me, we’d all like to say welcome to our little family Talis. As for us, at present were sitting in a tavern discussing what we’re going to do to get into Asgard. Apparently before we can even get there Heimdal is going to test us in some way to allow us entrance into Asgard, we don’t know what the test will be but I’m sure we’ll pass it so tell Sevrrir that he better hurry or we’ll end up finishing the quests before you. On that note let me say a couple of things, one, my apologies to Sander for us drinking without him and two, in the spirit of our little competition, I say that the losers have to buy the winners drinks for a week! Also, I have some good news and some bad news, the good news is that we know where you can find the armor you are seeking. It is located on the island of the sirens which is bad, but not the bad news I was talking about, the bad news is that siren island is where all the monsters appear when they escape from Tartarus. I wish we were there to fight by your side my friend, I’m sure you guys are amazing and strong but do us all a favor and be extra careful, and let us know that you are okay as soon as you can.” He finished. 
“We need to get our quest done so we could help them if they need it.” Curios suggested feeling his own worry creeping up on him. 
“I agree, we’ll get it done as quickly as possible and take a detour to aid them. Do you agree Kol?” Hallthor asked in more of a statement than a question. 
“So let’s head out now.” Kol suggested. 
“Yes, why don’t we head to the gates of Asgard and get some kind of challenge from one of the toughest gods there has ever been after we’ve all been drinking.”  Floggen said in a mockingly sarcastic voice. 
“Ok, we drink tonight and head out first thing in the morning.” Kol sighed conceding the point. 
“Yes, better that we fight with a hangover instead.” Laughed Curios. 
“To the quest!” Hallthor cheered with all of them joining in. 
 
 
Chapter 41 
 
The island looked so peaceful from the distance it right away made Vasos suspicious, the ship had came out of the tunnel at a pretty good distance like it somehow knew to keep them away from the sirens which Vasos was glad for. He still wasn’t sure how they were going to get the armor from the sirens or even how they would get to the island without crashing into the rocks from hearing their song. Feasibly the ship could sail them their on its own but if the ship somehow had a mind of its own maybe it could be affected by their magic as well and that was a gamble he wasn’t willing to take. With that risk they were robbed of following Odysseus’ example and stuff their ears with wax. Maybe they could use the wax and then take the long journey to the island manually, if they could reach the shore that way then he and his brothers could take out the sirens giving them plenty of time to search for the armor but unfortunately that changed when the golden bird showed up. After listening to Kol’s message Vasos couldn’t help but slump his shoulders in defeat a little bit with no idea what to do. 
“So that’s it, we’re facing an island full of monsters.” Noted Vasos. “Even if we stuffed wax in our ears and took the row boat who knows what sea monsters have appeared, on the water we would be…for lack of a better saying…sitting ducks.” 
“I just can’t believe how terrible this is.” Sander said dejectedly. 
“I know, the appearance of the monsters their puts us in a real bind.” Sevrrir agreed. 
“What?” Sander said baffled at the comment for some reason for a second before he smacked Sevrrir in the back of his head. “Not that you dolt! I can’t believe that they drank without me! How could they do that? It hurts my heart!” 
“Sander I say this with love, but you are a moron!” Vasos exclaimed patting him on the back. 
“Although I love the idea of the drinking bet so I guess I can forgive them.” Sander stated having ignored everything Vasos had said and did. 
“The next time you send them a message Vasos please thank them for accepting me into your family.” Talis said shyly. “And thank all of you, 
I’ve never had a family before.” 
“So then what’s the plan?” Sander questioned continuing like no one had spoken yet except him. “I know we can sit here and drink are troubles away like Kol suggested!” He recommended optimistically. 
“I wish, but instead we must deal with one thing at a time, first we put the wax in our ears and take care of the sirens then we’ll deal with the monsters.” Vasos said firmly staring at the island. 
“What about the danger of sea monsters?” Sevrrir reminded him. 
“We take the ship, Sevrrir you stay on the ship and order it to appear right near the shore and then tell it to leave back to this spot and wait one full day before returning to pick us up or until you see us ready. Either way though Sander, Talis and I should have defeated the sirens and found the armor.” He explained. 
With nods of agreement the group grabbed some wax and stuffed their ears the best they could before Vasos headed out to the helm ordering the ship to follow the plan. Speedily the ship entered the tunnel emerging near the shore just long enough to drop them off before disappearing again. At first everything seemed to be going great until both Sander and Talis jumped over the side of the ship like it was about to explode, franticly the two of them swam with all their might towards the three haggish women that sang loudly on the shore eagerly awaiting their arrival. Vasos put up his hands signaling Sevrrir to stay on the ship at a safe distance, then, with the biggest jump he could muster he sailed off of the boat landing in the surf just in front of his friends were still swimming happily towards their deaths. 
The blood red eyes of the women bore into him out from under their green colored ratty hair, sharp brown fangs were dripping yellow saliva to the ground as they licked their lips at the feast to come. Other than that, their bodies were perfect and scantly covered enticing any travelers that happened to see them before the singing could ensnare them. For a moment Vasos couldn’t help but wonder what their song sounded like and little by little he gave into the temptation without thinking about it as he pulled the wax from his ears. 
To his surprise the song sounded absolutely horrid to him, it didn’t draw him in or make him yearn to come any closer to the monsters in front of them. He didn’t have time to think about it for long though before his two friends came running out of the water straight towards the sirens with their arms spread. 
“Stop!” He demanded pouring every bit of power he had into his own siren call. 
Thankfully the both of them abruptly came to a halt turning towards him looking confused. 
“Ignore him and come to us, we are the ones you have been waiting for your entire lives.” The sirens spoke in unison hoping to exert their power again. 
After a moment again they started to walk towards the creatures but once again Vasos countered their power keeping everything at a stalemate. 
“Don’t not listen to them, you WILL NOT listen to them. Not now, not ever! Now get back to the ship!” With one quick move Talis shook his head to clear the fog before swiftly he picked up Sander putting him on his back and running at an unnaturally fast speed to the shore where the boat had washed up on its own. 
“You’ve only delayed their deaths demigod and ensured your own.” Sneered one of the sirens. 
“Quiet!” Vasos demanded still infuriated at them manipulating his friends. 
To his surprise instantly they stop the singing and just stared blankly at him. “You are mine to control.” He tried experimentally as he visibly could tell that they were fighting to remain in control and keep their free will. “Say it! Pledge yourself to me completely! I command you!” He demanded with vigor. 
Finally the walls of their minds broke down and they give in. “We are yours to command my lord.” 
“Good, tell me where the armor of Achilles is and what guards it?” “He wears it.” They answered in unison. 
“Who?” Vasos said fearing that he wasn’t going to like the answer. 
“The lord of this island, Argus Panoptes, the hundred eyed giant that is feared by all.” They answered again in unison. 
“How many monsters are on the island?” He questioned unfazed by who had the armor. 
“Dozens of all kinds, shapes and sizes.” 
“Then I command you to go forth and kill as many of them as you can. You will not stop or give any quarter to any of the monsters you face and you will fight until they are all eliminated or all of you are dead.” Vasos commanded with an evil smile. 
Hesitantly they bowed before they headed into the interior of the island determined to complete the orders, once out of sight Vasos turned and jumped into the water swimming back to the ship. 
“Hey there lover boys are you feeling better now?” He huffed while sitting on the deck to rest for a moment. 
“What?” They questioned in unison because of the wax in their ears. 
Miming for them to take the wax out of their ears Vasos waited patiently until the ears were clear once again. “I said are you lover boys feeling better?” 
“How did you resist the song?” Talis asked with some respect ignoring Vasos question. 
“I’m not sure, it just didn’t affect me for some reason but that’s not even the amazing part, the truly marvelous thing is I was able to bring them under my control and sent them to kill as many monsters as they could.” He gleefully pronounced. 
“That deserves a celebratory drink!” Exclaimed Sander drinking deeply clearly done with the rest of the conversation for the time being. 
“Alright, that’s one problem solved but we still need to find the armor, steal it and get back to the ship and I doubt it will be a cake walk even with their aid.” Sevrrir pointed out to make certain no one got overly confident. 
“The sirens said that Argus Panoptes is wearing it but I don’t know how that is even possible, he got to be about ten times the size of Achilles.” 
“The armor is magical my friend, it changes to fit the wearer.” Answered Talis like it was common knowledge. “This does not bode well for us, the armor is said to be indestructible and that would leave you with very little places to attack.” 
“How will you even get close to him? He’ll see you coming a mile away.” Sander mused taking a small break to comment before drinking again. 
“I have an idea about what could do, first Sevrrir in lion form and Talis will wonder into his camp, anyone there will assume that both of you have just returned from Tartarus to join them. In fact he’ll probably demand that you join, he’s not the type to let others do what they want. Once that happens Sander and I will appear and challenge him to a fight, once he has accepted and all attention is on us you can both attack taking his troops off guard, Sander will join in the fight with you both and I will handle Argus.” 
“Suicidal, I like it.” Sander grinned taking a huge drink once again. 
“I will enjoy this.” Talis smiled. “Many of the monsters no doubt are old enemies of mine, so, shall we Sevrrir?” 
“We will give you guys a few hours to find them and ingratiate yourselves with them, in the meantime Sander and I will send the message to Kol.” Vasos decided patting them both on their backs. 
“See you soon.” Sevrrir nodded as he popped his neck before jumping onto Talis’ back with his permission. “It’s playtime, now don’t disappoint us by being late you drunken fool.” 
“Don’t worry kitty cat I’ll come save you like usual, I wouldn’t miss saving your bacon for anything.” Sander assured him with a friendly punch to his arm. 
“What about your flask?” Talis posed. 
“Bite your tongue heathen, you know very well I’d give Sevrrir a drink after saving him.” Sander responded completely missing the point of the question.  
“We’ll be ready Vasos.” Sevrrir said encouragingly as he ignored Sander. 
“I don’t think I heard you correctly Sevrrir, what did you say?” Vasos joked with a huge smile until what he was expecting dawned on Sevrrir and Talis who laughed. 
Realizing what Vasos was hinting at Sevrrir rolled eyes with a sigh. “We’ll be ready…oh great king of the world.” He mumbled. 
“That’s more like it.” Laughed Vasos with Talis. 
“You know at times you are truly a pain in the butt.” Sevrrir said trying not to smile himself before they jumped over the ship railing and headed to the shore in the boat. 
“I miss him already.” Sniffed Sander tearing up a little. 
“Well what can I say? The heart wants what the heart wants and I’m sure that one day you two will sail off into the sunset happily ever after.” Vasos smiled pressing the button on the eagle. 
“Okay Kol here is the plan that we have, we’re sending Sevrrir and Talis in undercover. Wait did I even tell you about Talis? Yeah, that’s right I did because you said to tell Talis welcome to our family, he said thank you and was truly appreciative of our acceptance. What I didn’t tell you was that we discovered that the feared hundred eyed monster Argus has dawned the armor of Achilles, also I was able to take control of the sirens and send them to destroy every monster they could. So, anyhow Sevrrir and Talis will ingratiate themselves with the hundred eyed giant, then we’ll go in and I will challenge him to a single combat match. While I’m fighting him the others will take his followers by surprise and together we will accomplish the quest. Wish us luck buddy we’re really going to need it on this one. If we finish quickly we will speed to your aid because with any luck Sevrrir could help with his father, good luck my friend.” 
“Oh and don’t think that I will be forgetting that you guys drank without me!” Sander interrupted before Vasos could push the button. “However I will forgive you if you drink with me for two days straight and when you buy us drinks for a week no cheap stuff is allowed!” He added pushing the button himself and allowing his smile to fade. “Honestly Vasos, all bravado aside, do you really think we can do this?” Sander questioned with a tone of uneasiness. 
“Honestly Sander? No, or I don’t know, with that many monsters we don’t have much of a chance. No doubt our powers won’t work on all of them and that’s why I hope you will understand what I’m about to do.” He answered gravely. 
Before Sander could react Vasos had him by the throat and with the most powerful hit he could muster knocked him out. “I’m sorry little brother but on this one I have to do things alone, don’t worry, I have a plan to make that the others will be safe and survive.” 
Glumly Vasos tied Sander to the mast with mixed feelings of loathing and happiness filling him, then walking back to the railing he stared back at the island. “So this is what it has comes down to and it is not even the final quest. Mother if you can hear me I need your guidance.” 
“I am always listening for your voice my son, and forgive me for saying this for it is probably just the mother in me but it has taken a little too long for you to ask for my help.” Aphrodite smiled hugging him close. 
“You aren’t allowed to help me during this quest mother, I called to you because I wanted to hug you and tell you I love you before I embark on it. Also, I have to ask you something, do you know what the secret is that has been hidden from Kol and myself?” He questioned unable to meet her eyes. 
“Son listen to me, you and Kol must forget what you have heard, it is not safe for you to be speaking of such things or looking for the truth of this matter, now let us speak of your plan. there is no need for you to sacrifice yourself. Your friends are here for you, to help you, something both you and Kol must learn is that you cannot just take the responsibility of everything alone. Imagine the guilt they would feel if something happened to you and they weren’t allowed to do anything.” She scolded slightly irritated. 
“We bear the burden of the quests on our shoulders alone mother and they are now family we have come to love. We are attached to them and I think that I can speak for Kol when I say that it would be better for them to alive, sad and angry than dead.” Vasos explained quietly. 
“Maybe, but still that does not mean you are alone in this journey. Allow your friends to help you my son, family sticks together and help each other no matter what, remember what I have said, you get that stubbornness from your father. Now let’s hope that you can beat the odds the way he could.” She said with a sigh before hugging him one last time before separating into a bunch of doves that flew off in different directions. 
“Who’s my father?!” He yelled, but it was too late she was already gone. 
 
 
Chapter 42 
 
“He’s insane.” Curios frowned as the message ended. “There’s no way that this plan of his will work, who knows how many monsters are there? Even with their powers I don’t see how they could survive.” 
“It’ll never get that far.” Frowned Kol. 
“What do you mean?” Questioned Hallthor. 
“If I were Vasos I would make sure that none of you would endanger yourselves, I don’t know what he’s planning but I can guarantee he won’t let the others help him.” Answered Kol shaking his head in frustration. 
“You demigods are so damn stubborn.” Floggen mumbled angry at the thought himself having already begun to care about Vasos and his team without even knowing it. 
“We need to get there to help him.” Kol decided. 
“What about the quest?” Hallthor asked thoughtfully though he hated himself instantly for even bringing it up. 
“What about it? There’s no time line is there?” He snapped annoyed at Hallthor’s hesitation to go to the others. 
Suddenly their ship lurched forward rising out of the water and sailing towards the stars completely out of their control, holding on for dear life the four of them watched as a multi colored bridge formed under the ship transporting them to Asgard in an instant. The breath taking beauty of Asgard stunned each of them into silence as they each took it all in. Buildings higher than they have ever seen before loomed ahead leading up to what was obviously Odin’s palace. The buildings were pure white stone, gold and some type of metal that none of them had ever seen before, the intricate designs of the roof and walls were beautiful beyond description and was offset by the clear water, exotic plants and dozens of rainbows all over the place. Massive lakes and rivers flowed throughout the city and surrounded it reflecting the beautiful buildings and people that were adorned in magnificent clothes. As they got closer slowly the ship lowered into the perfectly clear water surrounding the main land of Asgard, with a flash of light Heimdal appeared on the deck of the ship. 
“I have watched you for a long time Kol and I have heard your plans, you cannot be allowed to go to Vasos’ aid unless you finish yours quest first. These quests are meant to test you both, I understand you want to help Vasos but you must complete the quests you are on before you go to meet that is the will of the gods. Your loyalty and friendship to one another has moved me though, no other test of your character is needed for me to let you pass. You may enter Asgard.” 
“Thank you Lord Heimdal for allowing us to pass.” Kol bowed clearly frustrated. 
“Do not thank me yet young one, Loki knows that you are here and why you have come, he will not part with his prize easily and the road you must take will be fraught with danger.” Heimdal said solemnly. 
Gritting his teeth unconsciously for a moment Kol tried to ignore the anger that festered in his heart. “Then where are my manners? I shouldn’t keep my father waiting.” Kol answered forcing an evilly smile. 
“Fair thee well Kol, may Hermod lend you speed and Odin bless your way so all of you can aid the others.” Heimdal stated with a forced smile of his own that was clearly meant to belie his own worries. Slowly the smile faded as he looked at Floggen for a long time. “Be warned that I will be watching all of you and if your actions threaten to hurt any of the gods, Asgard or its people, even Loki I will stop you. That being said you are not expected or forbidden from defending yourself should the need arise.” “Understood.” Everyone agreed in unison. 
With a final nod Heimdal disappeared resuming his post overseeing the rest of the gods from his loft high above the city, leaving the others to their quest and the worries in their hearts for their friends. 
“Loki will have some surprises waiting for us.” Curios said stating the obvious. 
“I’m sure my father will, when we reach his palace don’t believe anything that you see or feel and when it comes down to the final deed, no matter what do not interfere, I must face him alone.” Kol demanded stepping off the boat onto the bridge. 
“He’s just as stubborn as Vasos.” Spat Hallthor quietly to the others. 
“Of course he is, but complaining about it isn’t going to help anything so let’s get going.” Floggen chided annoyed as well as he jumped all the way from the ship deck to the bridge in one leap that surprised everyone. 
“I thought you didn’t want to get involved with any of the gods?” Questioned Curios rising on some water that lifted him up to the bridge easily. 
“Yeah short stuff, what happened? Did you finally put on your big boy pants?” Snickered Hallthor trying to lighten the tone of the group. 
“It took a while to find them after I left them at your moms.” Floggen snapped as Hallthor flew up next to him. 
“Well, you’re never short on humor at least.” Hallthor laughed at his own joke. 
“That enough, now come on girls we’ve got some hair to find.” Kol giggled flying into the air with Curios and Floggen in his magic bubble. 
The determination they once felt was nearly lost in the beauty of Asgard as they passed through the city on the way to Loki’s palace, new areas and buildings that were obscured from their view before now reflected in their wide eyes as they passed so close to them it would be simple to reach out and touch them. The towers that were now around them were silver and pearl with wonderful windows that reflected their images back at them. The amazing water was flowing up the side of several buildings in the center of the city until they reached the apex and then shot out all over coming down in a constant rain on several different beautiful gardens. From the gardens small ponds formed with streams that weaved their way through the city for everyone to enjoy. The multicolored clouds hung low grazing the top of the towers altering their natural colors and transforming them into colors from pink to orange. Lastly at the edge of the city almost lonely looking and feeling unwanted they spotted Loki’s citadel, unlike the rest of Asgard Loki’s palace was black with massive twin towers and windows made of ice that was both beautiful and terrible all at the same time matching the perimeter gates and fence which were giant gray metal with skulls both placed and carved into the door themselves making you wonder which were which. 
As they landed to their surprise the gates opened for them without anyone being around. 
“Well that’s just not good.” Hallthor said with a shiver unable to stave off the fear that was slowly gripping his heart. 
Yeah that was undeniably ominous.” Curios squeaked in agreement nervously as he began to sweat even though the temperature around them had dropped. 
“Welcome home Kol and make no mistake, this is your home no matter what insolence you have displayed of late. Although that being said, when a child disobeys the father it cannot go unpunished.” Came Loki’s voice threateningly as he appeared in front of the group who line up shoulder to shoulder to face him. “It’s a shame that you have come here as my enemy, you should reconsider and embrace your father the way he deserves.” 
“We are not your enemies’ father, I came because I have been ordered to by the gods to be here and I have a quest to fulfill.” Kol answered solemnly having more conflicted feelings about why he was there than he had anticipated. 
“Still playing their game as the good little errand boy are we?” He laughed more amused than happy as he summoned power into his hands preparing for an attack that put them all on guard. 
Power glowed from each Kol’s brothers as they aimed their weapons at Loki prepared to attack on a moment’s notice. 
With a discontented sigh Kol’s power flared in his hands creating magical daggers but instead of attacking he turned in a complete one hundred eighty degree angle from Loki throwing several magical daggers behind them at seeming nothing until Loki appeared from nowhere blocking them just in time. “Did you really think your ruse would fool me father?” He questioned as the fake image of Loki from before faded. 
Loki floated into the air watching him with new found respect for a second before answering the question. “Clearly I underestimated you Kol, but I wonder if I have misjudged your friends as well?” 
All of a sudden everyone except Floggen disappeared from sight making terror grip Kol’s heart. 
“What have you done with my friend’s father?” Kol rumbled with a deep low growl. 
“Friends? Please, these are friends of yours? Correct me if I am wrong but didn’t they attack and try to kill you?” 
“They were under Od’s control at the time.” Kol answered trying to avoid the question. 
“So that would be a yes, you’re absolutely right, sounds like true friends to me.” Laughed Loki. 
Surprising everyone by jumping at Loki, Floggen took the advantage of the distraction nearly grabbing Loki out of the air but just in time the god of mischief vanished reappearing on the ground near Kol. 
“You are pushing the limits of your boundaries you ugly little creep.” Loki muttered angrily. 
“Come down and say that to my face!” Yelled Floggen defiantly smacking his chest with his fist. 
Before Loki could answer however, Kol whipped around hitting him with his staff so hard Loki flew thirty feet away into the wall of his castle. 
“Now father I will give you one last chance to give me back my friends.” Kol cautioned allowing power to spark on the end of his staff. 
“You want them so badly son? Find them yourself.” Loki grinned as he wiped a little blood from his nose before evilly casting a spell over the whole area. 
Instantly the world went topsy-turvy ripping reality apart until Kol found himself in a maze with a ceiling so he couldn’t fly to escape the deadly game he was now in. To make matters worse Loki’s voice echoed through the labyrinth confirming Kol’s fears. “Welcome to my prison son, if you want your friends to live I’d find them quickly for there are some pretty nasty creatures down there.” 
“You’ll pay for this father!” Kol screamed firing power all around him in vain. 
“Ah of course, Kol the punisher, that has become your moniker, has it not? Tell me, are you going to punish me son? Do you really think that you would be the one to succeed in that endeavor when everyone even the Allfather has failed?” Questioned Loki laughing excitedly while clapping his hands together. 
“You’ll find out soon enough Lord Loki.” Kol yelled as he began to run down the corridors taking twists and turns randomly in a frantic rush as he yelled his friend’s names. 
From the beginning Hallthor knew they were in trouble, only Kol hadn’t fallen for Loki’s trick. If he hadn’t been there it would have been all too easy for the god of mischief to kill them. Unfortunately there was only so much that Kol could do and Loki got the drop on them with a wave of his hand caging him and probably the others in this labyrinth, the moment Hallthor appeared he tried his best to escape the maze but no matter what he did a vexed feeling was his only reward, nothing else came close to working, even his magical hammers couldn’t make a dent in the thick stone walls. It was a long shot but of course the place would have been designed to stifle the same abilities his father had. Finally he had to accept the situation for what it was leaving him with only one choice, he had to face the long dark road ahead and try to solve the maze, one way or another he had to get back to his brothers and make sure they were okay. As he walked the seemingly endless corridors he was sure that vaguely he heard the sound of Kol calling his name distantly. 
“Kol?!” He yelled cautiously picking up his pace. 
“Hallthor! We need to get out of here! Where’s Curios?” Kol yelled more insistently as he followed the sound of Hallthor’s voice to guide him in the directions he chose to take. 
The two of them hollered and yelled more frequently until they ran full force head first into each other so hard that they were both nearly knocked out. Scrambling backwards both of them nearly attacked for a moment until they realized it was each other making them feel so much relief that almost instantly they hugged till the two of them fell over laughing hysterically until a giant axe made of ice came swinging down at them assured of the kill and their destruction. Kol instinctively reacted to the danger with amazing speed as he lunged on top of Hallthor in a vain attempt to try and protect him from the danger but at the last second it was rendered unnecessary as the axe turned into water soaking them both from head to toe. Rolling off of Hallthor and onto his back Kol and him sat up gasping for air side by side as they watched the frustrated Frost giant who attacked them roar above them creating another ice axe to attack until unexpectedly the tips of a trident exited his chest dissolving the frost creature into shards of ice and puddles of water. 
“Hey guys did you miss me?” Smiled Curios as he was reveled behind where the creature once stood. 
“You know we did.” Kol exclaimed happily getting to his feet and pulling Hallthor to his. 
Startling them Loki’s voice unexpectedly filled the chamber. “Don’t worry Curios, I won’t miss.” He said appearing behind the demigod with a sword that sliced through Curios body nearly cleaving it in half. 
“NOOOO!” Kol yelled running to Curios aid, but it was far too late. Loki was gone leaving Kol holding the dead body of the man he had come to know as a brother. 
“LOKI!!!!! I’M GOING TO FIND YOU AND TEAR YOU APART A 
LITTLE AT A TIME!!!! YOU WILL KNOW MORE PAIN THAN ANY OTHER CREATURE IN THE UNIVERSE EVER HAS!!!” Hallthor yelled. 
Silence was the only response their cries received, the only noise that was audible at all in the maze was their overwhelming sobs as they watched the dark wings of Thanatos appear and wrap around Curios’ body pulling him to the underworld. 
“Let’s find Loki and make sure he gets what’s coming to him, Heimdal can do what he likes to me but one way or another Loki will pay for this atrocity.” Kol screamed at the ceiling. “Do you hear me Loki?!” 
Nodding in agreement Hallthor and Kol got up and ran through the corridors intent on finding Loki and completing the quest, as the two of them scurried off Loki reappeared watching them run with a sorrowful look on his face. 
“I hear you my son and believe me I take no pleasure in what is being done here and what has to happen but unfortunately for you before this day is through you will be all alone with no one to turn to but me.” Loki said sadly. 
After five frost giants, three giant serpents, four Cerberus and six dark elves Hallthor and Kol stopped for a quick breather. 
“This place is endless.” Hallthor pointed out. “I fear that he will evade us no matter what we do. We cannot allow that to happen, I know I asked what about this quest before when we were deciding whether or not to help Vasos and the others but trust me brother, I too would have chosen to help them first, I simply wanted us all on the same page before making the decision. I just wanted you to know that Kol, you know…just in case I…” 
“Don’t say it Hallthor, I’m not losing you too, besides there is nothing to explain brother, I know where your heart was at and I know that I snapped but trust me, that does not belie what I knew to be true already about you.” 
“Thank you brother.” Hallthor said thoughtfully. “Maybe we should just find the hair I mean do you think Loki would even stick around after what he did?” He finished changing the subject. 
“No we aren’t leaving yet, he has to be here somewhere he’s too arrogant not to be here.” 
“You’re right son.” Loki laughed as his face twisted the wall to appear in front of them. 
Both of the demigods instantly attacked with all the power at their disposal but it was clearly all for not, without noticing it Loki had slowly started to separate the two of them with a clear wall that was rising a little at a time. All at once one of Hallthor’s hammers bounced off their target hitting the clear wall with a thud bringing it to their attention but it was far too late. Hallthor was the first to react but as he turned to try and break the clear wall his raised hand it another wall behind him. 
Frantically he spun around checking the area around himself only to find that he was completely trapped in a cube with no way out. Kol shot power out in every direction to gauge his own plight but was less than surprised to find that he was still free. With his face twisting into a snarl Kol knew that Hallthor was the next on Loki’s hit list. Running to his aid Kol hit the walls with force that would have destroyed a full grown frost giant over and over, his hope was dashed as easily they resisted his attack until to his horror the inside of the makeshift prison began to fill with water slowly. With Kol watching completely still Hallthor looked from him to the water that was somehow already lapping against Hallthor’s lower mouth he struggled and gasped for air until after a couple of minutes he stopped moving as Kol kept pounding on the wall with tears in his eyes. 
“FATHER!!!!” Kol roared dropping to his knees unable to say anything else. 
“Do you see now son? Nobody beats me, nobody. Your surrogate family is gone, I am what you have. My children and I are meant to end the world and the gods, we will always win so your choices are to join me or die, what do you decide? I make this offer to be at my side only once.” Loki spouted with a laugh enjoying his own son’s pain. 
“Are you really so evil that you delight in your own son’s pain?” Kol questioned as he fell to his knees in defeat. 
“I am a god of evil my boy, accept that and make it your own for you are of my flesh and blood, do not resent me embrace me and make me proud Kol, just think. If you were to join me you would delight in the pain of others the way I do forgetting all about your own.” Loki answered appearing a few feet away from Kol.  
Looking up dejectedly from his knees Kol stared into Loki’s eyes. “I will make you proud father, but not the way you think because right now I am delighting in the knowledge that for once you have lost at your own game, that’s right father. You have been fooled, none of us were ever here and in fact I have already taken back Lady Sif’s hair while you were running around, goodbye father enjoy your defeat doled out by your own flesh and blood .” Laughed Kol disappearing from sight. 
Together the three demigods were heading as quickly as they could back to the city of Asgard, but obviously Loki’s magic had begun working against them. The air was thick like sludge forcing them to the ground so they can’t use flight anymore. Without skipping a beat they landed and the three of them ran as fast as they could towards the city. 
“Hold on.” Kol said stopping for a moment, quickly he raised the hair into the air. “I am Kol son of Loki and Thor, I have completed the second quest.” 
Light engulfed Kol for a moment as Odin stepped out into the air above them with Lady Sif and Lord Thor. “Welcome to Asgard Kol, you have done well.” Instantly the hair floated out of his hand and merged with the rest of lady Sif’s hair giving it a beauty beyond what it already had. As they watched Loki ran up only to turn away quickly and fly back to his castle in the distance afraid to anger Odin. 
“The second quest has been completed, go now and meet with Vasos. Once he has completed his second quest the two of you must begin the two quests that are for you both. Your friends may travel with you until the start of the quest when the gods will transport you to the beginning of your first challenge, take that time for all of you to celebrate together. Now go with the gods’ blessings.” 
“We did it.” Celebrated Hallthor jumping up and down with glee. 
“Yes we did.” Smiled Kol dreamily. “I couldn’t have done it without you guys though, thank you both.” 
“Hey we’re family remember?” Curios asked happily as the three of them flew towards the ship carried by Kol. 
Minutes later they were on the deck of the ship sailing slowly towards the exit from Asgard back to Midgard and their new friends. Unlike the others (who were running around partying) Kol was contented to just sit back and watch his brothers for the time being happy that they were all alive and well. The one thing that troubled him was not knowing if Vasos and the others were okay or not, laying back he began to daydream about all the things that could be going wrong with them, in so much that he forgot about the world around him. 
“Look out!” Yelled Curios as he shoved Kol to the floor of the deck. 
Turning around Kol’s heart dropped at the sight of Loki holding a dagger to Curios throat. 
“Well played son, you indeed had me totally fooled. There may be hope for you yet the only thing you need is a hole in your heart that will fester into the evil you should be, so behold the beginning of the darkness that will grow inside you!” He yelled slashing the knife across his brothers’ neck killing Curios before Kol’s eyes and then disappearing. 
The yells, screams and cries shattered the air carrying the pain of Hallthor and Kol all the way to Asgard where the gods not only heard but felt their pain. Seconds later Thor and Sif were there staring gravely at Kol and Hallthor who cradled Curios’ limp body close to them. 
Shooting a bolt of lightning into the air in anger Thor walked over to them. “My sons, it is a hard thing to lose a brother. Trust me I know, my own brother Balder was lost to Loki’s evil but do not let the hate take root in you for that is exactly what he wants.” 
“Can you not bring him back father?” Questioned Hallthor desperately. 
With tears forming in his eyes at the pain his children were feeling Thor slowly shook his head. “No my son, the Norns have cut the string and even now the underworld clams him.” 
“Do not fear young demigods, Curios has earned a place in Elysium.” Thanatos’ voice echoed over the deck as his wings wrapped around Curios making his body disappear from their grip. 
“What happened? What’s Elysium?” Questioned Kol anxiously forgetting his manners required by the gods. 
“It is the place the heroes go for the Greeks, it is a never ending paradise.” Sif explained hugging Kol and Hallthor close taking them both by surprise. “I am sorry I doubted you Kol, you are a good man and I am proud that you are my surrogate son.” 
“Thank you…mother.” Sniffed Kol trying to get his tears under control. 
“I wish you had time to grieve my sons but you must go, Loki will try to hurt you both as long as you are here but he won’t interfere with the quests. Make haste to Vasos on the island of the sirens and begin your next quests and you must hurry or I fear another demigod may die this day, now go with our blessings.” 
Thor and Sif sailed into the air leaving them with their pain. 
“What now?” Floggen asked quietly trying to hide his own tears. 
Kol stared off into the distance crying a little longer before he straightened his face. “Now we go and help Vasos, I will not lose anymore brothers.” 
 
Chapter 43 
 
Vasos had gone back and forth on what to do, every instinct that he had told him to not risk the others, this was his quest and after everything they had been through he couldn’t bear the thought of losing his new family. He had already come up with a plan that he was pretty sure would work but now doubts had invaded his mind. He figured that he would leave Sander on the ship tied to the mast where it was safe. Then he would go to the island and brazenly challenge Argus in front of whatever monsters were left, then, using his siren call he could speak an order that would force all of the monsters including his friends to just watch. That would make sure Talis and Sevrrir stayed safe whether or not he won and give them a chance to escape if he did win somehow. 
Vasos had even dove into the water to start the plan but then almost instantly he climbed back on board the ship and agonized over the decision again. Maybe his mother was right, how much of his Spartan training was still ingrained in him influencing his decision? Could it be that he was still just fixated on the soldier code he had learned? He wasn’t sure anymore, yes he was trained to protect others and embrace the glow of death on his own but just as much he was trained to fight in a until and work as a team. Because of the frustration of the thoughts for the first time in many years he wondered who his father was and what had happened to him. Was he the type of man to work with his family knowing the dangers or would he sacrifice everything to keep them safe? 
Staring at the fading sun Vasos knew he had to make a choice soon, Sander wouldn’t stay knocked out forever. On cue as if Sander could hear his thoughts all at once his eyes shot open staring at Vasos with an angry look. “Are you kidding me?” 
“Before you over react let me explain.” 
Sander looked down at the ropes tying him to the mast. “Oh yeah, I won’t over react. I’ll just sit here tied down by my brother who knocked me out. So go ahead please explain and let me just say that it better be good.” 
“I did this for you.” 
“Ah you shouldn’t have.” Sander says sarcastically. “And I really mean that…brother.” He added. 
“I mean that I wanted to keep you safe so the plan was to knock you out and then force the others with my siren call to stay out of the fight, that way all of you would be safe and alive no matter what happened.” Vasos explained quickly feeling a little selfish and ridiculous now that he had said it out loud. 
“That’s so kind and caring of you Vasos, charging in nobly to meet your death against impossible odds. Tell me Vasos, was it during that fight with Chrysaor that you got your over inflated ego? Or did you always have so little faith in our abilities? Wait! Maybe it’s you forgot that we are family and it would destroy us if you died and we were powerless to help! Or maybe it’s just a combination of them you big muscle bound idiotic bonehead!” 
“I was just trying to keep you safe jerk.” Vasos countered half-heartedly knowing that he was wrong. 
“By forcing us to lose a man we have come to think of as our brother? I’d rather charge in by your side and possibly die than be stuck here to the mast and know you died while I couldn’t do anything to stop it.” Sander restated to drive the point home. “Oh wait I already said that! It must be that you are thick headed and truly dumb.” 
Vasos was completely choked up for a moment until literally he was choking as he stared at Sander. Without noticing it thick vines had grown out of the ship and wrapped around Vasos like a snake constricting tighter and tighter around him choking off his air. At the same moment the vines flew to Sander’s aid and pulled apart the ropes holding Sander to the mast setting him free. 
“By all rights I should knock you out, tie you up and leave you here while we do the quest without you. I’m sure the others would agree with me that if you are going to be so reckless we should keep you out of the fight completely.” Sander reasoned smugly walking up to Vasos while drinking from his flask for a moment before continuing. “Or maybe I make you so drunk you pass out and leave you here, in any case I can make sure you aren’t going anywhere.” 
In response to the threat Vasos broke free from the vines grabbing Sander and throwing him into the wall of the cabin. “I’d like to see you try.” 
“Listen. I understand you want to protect us but did you ever think of how we would have felt? Did you even consider it? We’re a family Vasos! You said it yourself and families don’t quit on each other especially when they’re needed the most, did you mean that or were they just words to you because they weren’t to us.” Sander said with resolve walking up to Vasos and standing toe to toe with him. 
“You…You’re right, I just don’t think I’m strong enough to keep all of you safe.” Vasos conceded dropping his shoulders. 
“No you’re not.” Sander agreed softening a little as he placed a hand on 
Vasos shoulder. “But believe me when I say that WE are.” 
Vasos’ look softened as well matching Sander’s tone and look. “Thank you.” 
“Now let’s get a good night’s sleep and get this done in the morning, with us waiting longer it will give the others more time to get in good with the enemy and strengthen the plan. So let us retire for the night…after some drinking of course.” Sander winked gulping down some wine. 
“I think you’ve rested enough on my account Sander and it’s a good thing because we’re going to head out tonight and take them by surprise instead.” 
“You’ve got another plan in mind I hope?” Sander questioned hopefully. 
“A doozy, but we’ll have to move quickly and I’ll need your help to pull it off.” He smiled mischievously. 
The swim to the land was easy for Vasos since he was able to jump nearly the whole distance to the shore, but it was a little scary to Sander that Vasos’ powers were growing at such as fast rate, when he had met him there was no way that Vasos could have done that. To save time Sander had created a super long vine that he tied one end to Vasos’ and one to his waist, once on the shore Sander jumped at the same moment Vasos yanked the rope pulling him almost the entire distance. As he sailed through the air he wondered how much more his own powers would grow or if they even would, he thought about asking Vasos if he did something special to make his grow but then thought better of it when he saw him wrestling with a hell hound.  
“Maybe I should wait until he’s finished.” Sander shrugged fumbling to get his flask while he stepped up onto the shore. 
“A little help?” Vasos questioned struggling to hold back the snapping jaws of the creature. 
“Sure, no problem.” Sander smiled. 
Instantly vines sprouted from the ground wrapping around the creature until it was stuck in place. 
“That was easier than I thought, now all we have to do is find as many of the creatures as we can and do the same thing.” Vasos said cheerfully as he used his powers to force the hellhound to join his side and attack any other monsters. 
All night they had worked to find every creature on the island that they could and all though they had found at least twenty monsters Vasos knew that couldn’t be all of them. Slowly the sun crept into the sky lighting the island little by little as Vasos and Sander crept into a cave to rest for a moment. 
“What now?” Questioned Sander with a huge yawn. 
“Now I fight Argus.” Vasos answered yawning himself. 
“I was hoping that we could rest a little bit, I’m so tired I’m not sure I could be any real use in a fight.” Sander admitted. 
“Drink some more wine and you’ll feel fine I’m sure.” Vasos yawned again. “Let’s go.” 
“My god you are a genius.” Sander exclaimed pulling out his flask and whispering to it before he took a long drink which made his eyes shoot open. 
Handing the flask over, Vasos grabbed it a little unsure before taking a long drink himself. The taste of whatever was in the flask didn’t taste like any wine he had ever had before but it did the trick making his eyes spring open. Instantly energized Vasos and Sander got to their feet ready to fight and win. 
After running around for fifteen minutes Vasos began to wonder if they would be able to find the strong hold but that fear was quickly alleviated when they heard the screams and grunts emanating from the center of the island signaling either a party or a massive fight. 
“Are you ready to do this Vasos?” Questioned Sander five minutes later as they looked over the massive crowd of monsters running around fighting and tearing apart a large unidentifiable animal they were feasting on. 
“I have to be, just remember your part to play in this little skit.” Vasos said with new determination. “There’s what? Only fifty or sixty of them?” 
“I’ll be ready.” 
“Good, then it’s time for my big entrance.” Vasos said jumping high into the air and landing in the middle of the encampment surprising and scattering the monsters. “ARGUS PANOPTES!! COME AND FACE ME!!!” 
“Why have you risked death coming to my home and who are you?” Roared a loud deep voice from the shadows. 
“I am Vasos, son of Aphrodite and you have something I must obtain on my quest from the gods.” Answered Vasos. 
“So it is not me you have come for but my armor instead and you thought what? That I would just hand it over to you?” 
“This quest was from both Hera and Zeus.” He answered. “And it is not your armor.” 
“And what do I care of Hera or Zeus? I served Hera faithfully for years even risking my life to keep that nymph from Zeus and what did she do? When Zeus sent Hermes to kill me she didn’t warn me and after I was killed she let me rot in Tartarus with the other monsters never bringing me back. As for Zeus what more do I need to say? He ordered me killed.” Argus said stepping into the light from his home in a giant cave in front of Vasos which was decorated by bones of those that came before him. 
Argus was easily thirteen feet tall with a bald head and body that was covered in yellow eyes hungry to see everything. The hundred eyes stared at him trembling with anger, they were everywhere quite literally, because what didn’t fit on his head was squeezed in on his neck and torso. The rest of his body was clear of eyes but that didn’t make it any less impressive, his rippling muscles were bulging and intimidating but the thing that made it truly awe inspiring was that on his arms, chest and legs the gold armor of Achilles melded into his skin becoming one with everything it touched. 
“Whether you honor the gods or not, you will give me that armor.” Vasos demanded confidently. “And if you weren’t so blinded by your own pain you would have known that Hera tried to rescue you from Tartarus but was foiled by Zeus.” 
“You lie! And in any case it doesn’t matter, look around demigod, how exactly do you think you will accomplish taking the armor? My army is legion and every hour it grows.” 
“Like this.” Vasos said confidently holding up his hands. 
In one giant move twenty of the strongest monsters to ever be created walked in unison to stand behind Vasos. “Attack!” 
In a colossal rush of roaring anger Vasos’ forces attacked, as the chaos whirled around him Vasos stared at Argus extending his hand motioning him to face him. 
Quickly stifling his grimace Argus walked forward with murder in all of his eyes which made Vasos laugh for a moment until he saw a giant lion hop in front of Argus swiping at him with an enormous claw. To Sevrrir’s disappointment the claw just bounces off the armor without doing any damage at all, with a forceful backhand Argus knocked Sevrrir so hard he flew into the jungle disappearing from sight. 
“I don’t need my sword to defeat you Vasos.” He stated sheathing his sword. “Hera made me with strength that could rival even Hercules at the time when he was a demigod, I’m going to rip you apart with my bare hands, but if you wish to use your weapon feel free it will gain you nothing against my armor.” 
Looking from Sevrrir back at Argus Vasos tossed his axe to the side focusing on him with complete hate. “Come then Argus, claim your prize and add my bones to your door if you can.” 
Argus moved deceptively fast for his size nearly catching him off guard as he attacked Vasos with a flurry of punches that battered his arms with enormous pain as he blocked them. Dodging a fist at the last second, Vasos ducked under the attack landing an uppercut that threw Argus back a few feet but to his surprise didn’t knock him down. 
“Not bad Vasos you are much stronger than you look.” Smiled Argus rubbing his chin. 
“I’m just getting warmed up.” Vasos boasted out loud, but inside he prayed that it was noticeable how tired he was feeling already. 
“We shall see.” Argus leered attacking harder than he did the first time. 
The moves he used this time were vastly different and more intricate than before penetrating Vasos’ defenses little by little as it landed more hits that drove him backwards. 
Before he knew it, Argus had him in the air above his head getting ready to break his back on his knee but then to his surprise he suddenly found himself on the floor looking up at Argus defending himself from a flurry of sword attacks from Talis. Most of the attacks simply bounced off of the enchanted armor but a few hit skin drawing crimson lines of blood that drove home the fragility of the monster and at the same time shattered the illusion of his invincibility. For a moment Vasos thought that Talis might be able to pull it off but his optimism was robbed of that hope when suddenly Argus’ sword exploded from Talis back, to Vasos’ horror Argus lifted his new friend up over his head and threw him into the side of the mountain. 
“Look around Vasos you are alone.” Laughed Argus sheathing his sword again. 
With dread gripping at him Vasos forced himself to look around where he found the last thing he wanted to see. Off to his right, Sevrrir was badly wounded and barely on his feet bravely defending Sander’s unconscious body from a chimera and Hydra. Visibly Vasos heart sank even further when he saw that Sander was bleeding from several wounds including a nasty gash on his head, to make matters worse he was deathly still not moving at all. There were only a few creatures of Argus’ left but they had already finished off the last of Vasos’ group and were already rallying together to finish them off. 
“Make your choice Vasos, will you run to the aid off your fallen comrades and turn your back on me, or will you attack me and doom your friend’s to the underworld?” Questioned Argus. 
Before he could make the choice the golden bird landed in between the two combatants confusing Argus and his monsters. 
“What is this?” Argus demanded stepping back from it. 
“It’s our messenger bird.” Answered Kol’s voice from above them. 
Argus looked up to be blinded by several bolts of lightning flashing from the clear blue sky destroying the creatures that were ready to attack, leaving Argus alone. At the same moment Sevrrir and Sander rose into air in the safety of Kol’s magic bubble. 
“This changes nothing!” Screamed Argus pulling out his sword again. 
“Finish him brother!” Yelled Kol pouring power into Vasos from his hands that reinvigorated him completely. 
“Yes Vasos finish me.” Taunted Argus for a second before he jumped to the side sensing he had to dodge. 
With a clank Vasos’ axe hit the back of Argus’ armor getting lodged just out of his reach. “Not fast enough Argus.” 
“Little good it does Vasos, it still couldn’t get through my armor.” Stated Argus righting himself. 
“It just needs a little help that’s all.” Vasos smiled. 
Vasos moved faster than he ever had before, he was such a blur of motion that only Kol was able to follow the movements. Quick as light he was behind Argus glowing with power and lifting him off the floor by the axe buried in the armor, then with all his might he slammed him down into the floor penetrating the armor and cleaving him in half returning him to the underworld. As Argus’ essence returned to Tartarus the armor emptied rolling around on the floor in front of Vasos. 
All Vasos wanted to do was check on his friends but he knew that he had to finish this quest first. 
Walking up to the armor he gathered it up holding it all above his head as he unenthusiastically said. “I am Vasos son of Aphrodite and I have completed the second quest.” He repeated the same way he had before although he was unable to take his eyes off Talis’ body. 
The sky opened up once again with light shining over Vasos. “I am Zeus father of Olympus. You have completed the quest and earned your name to be entered in the halls of Mount Olympus forevermore. We are proud of you Vasos, now after a day of rest and celebration with your comrades you and Kol shall begin the final quests. Go with our blessings.” 
As the light faded Vasos dropped the armor as he ran to Talis’ body, to his surprise he found Talis still alive but only just. 
“We did it Vasos didn’t we, tell me that you won, and tell me that I’m not dying for nothing.” He whispered coughing up a little blood. 
Kol and the others lowered to the ground near him but kept their distance as their hearts broke while they tended to the wounds of the others. 
“I beat him Talis, but hold on we’ll get you help.” Vasos pleaded. 
“It’s too late for me my friend, thank you for freeing me and now I can proudly enter the underworld having died by my own choices and no one else’s. I have never had a family before now, thank you and the others for that, watch over them all and take care Vasos, finish the quests and become a hero of legend. In that way you can honor my choice here today.” And with that final request Talis faded into ash returning to the underworld himself. 
Looking up at Kol with tears in his eyes Vasos silently questioned about the others. 
Kneeling next to him with a hand on his shoulder Kol visibly shared in his pain. “They will survive.” 
Looking around for himself because something felt amiss he questioned. 
“What happened? Someone is missing from your team.” 
“Curios is dead, killed by Loki.” Kol answered quietly with tears in his eyes. 
“I’m so sorry Kol.” He said trying to comfort him with a hug. 
“We should leave.” Floggen insisted. “More monsters may be returning from the underworld as we speak.” 
“It’s time to pay your favor to me, for your individual quests are done.” Eruptted a female voice from nowhere as Vasos and Kol were engulfed in a maelstrom of energy. 
“No!” Shrieked Floggen and Hallthor running to their aid. 
Time slowed for everyone as they watched Vasos and Kol fade becoming one with the energy around them disappearing completely as it faded away. 
“Where do you think the goddess took them?” Questioned Sevrrir nearly panicking as he limped over to them. 
“If Kol was right then somewhere in Asgard I’m sure.” Answered Hallthor. 
Abruptly the small clearing fills with light as Thor and Hercules appeared looking angry and on guard prepared to fight. 
“Where are Vasos and Kol?” Demanded Hercules stomping towards them. 
Quickly they explained everything that happened with the goddess and what happened in the clearing. After they were done the two gods talked off to the side for a while clearly stunned and baffled themselves. 
“Where’s Floggen?” Questioned Hallthor. 
“Who?” Asked Sander rubbing his head. 
“The little guy that was with us.” 
“He disappeared right before the gods showed up.” Sighed Sevrrir staring intently at the gods. 
Joining his stare Hallthor couldn’t take it any longer, with a defiant walk up to the two gods who appeared to be arguing Hallthor interrupted. “So all we need to do is find out who the Norse goddess is right?” 
Both of them stopped mid conversation and stared at him completely taken by surprise. 
“Whoever it was that took them has hid them well son.” Sighed Thor. “Both myself and Hercules have contacted the other gods but no one not even Odin or Zeus could find them, they have been removed from our sight. Unfortunately for us all and especially for them, Kol and Vasos are gone.” 
