
Immortal

Chronicles of the Eternal Guardian
Book I


By
T. Nisbet


Published by T. Nisbet at Smashwords.com
Copyright 2013 T. Nisbet

Acknowledgements

As with any undertaking that requires a great deal of passion, personal time and energy, there are a great deal of people that actively or passively helped breath life into this book. This book was completed in spite of some, but with the understanding and love of many others.

To my amazing daughter Lauren, who was with me on this from chapter one:  I couldn’t have done this without you.

To James Gordon Mitchell, my editor, who gifted me with his experience, and counsel: You are missed.
Contents

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40
Chapter 41
Chapter 42
Chapter 43
Chapter 44
Chapter 45
Chapter 46
Chapter 47
Chapter 48
Chapter 49
Chapter 50
More Books from T. Nisbet
About the Author


Chapter 1


The football floated lazily down through the driving rain, over the defender’s outstretched fingers, and into Damone Johnson’s safe embrace.  I saw this from my back of course, with a two hundred and thirty pound defensive end pressing me several inches into the muddy turf. Through the side of my helmet where the cold mud wasn’t sloshing through the ear hole, I could hear the roar of the crowd as they erupted into celebration. 
Giving me a final shove further into the muck, number ninety-three rolled off of me cursing. Toby Daniels, my center and best friend, lifted me out of the mud by my shoulders pads with his huge ham fists.
“Nice throw, Jake!” he shouted in my face over the pandemonium. Breath slowly came back into my crushed lungs as he held me there in the middle of the field.
I shook my head trying to clear it and was rewarded by a small river of freezing ooze that gurgled out of my helmet, down the back of my neck and under my shoulder pads.
“Thanks Tob.” 
Michael Sheer, whose job it had been to block the monster that slammed me into the mire at the forty-yard line, ran over and silently helped Toby support me, not that Toby needed any help. Together they assisted me off the field, while Damone did his touchdown dance, and most of the team sprinted over to join him in the end zone. 
Through my hazy vision, I absently noticed that our bleachers were emptying and randomly wondered if my parents would join the rest of the crowd pouring onto the field. The game was over and we had accomplished the impossible, but that did nothing to stop my whole body from hurting as they carried me to the sidelines and our team doctor. 
Beating the previously undefeated, playoff-bound Spartans of St. Michaels High School by four points on a game winning touchdown pass wasn’t the highlight of my evening, though I didn’t know it at the time.

I vaguely remember the crowd of people that surrounded me as I sat on the bench. Our team doctor broke something putrid under my nose, hands patted my shoulders, and people watched me, wondering if I was okay. They all seemed to be part of a dream I was having. My senses fluttered in and out while I tried to shake the fogginess from my head.
After what seemed like years, Doctor Tambien helped to get me to my feet, braced on the other side by Toby. Together, we slowly made our way through the throng rejoicing on the field to the locker room. 


The warm water of the shower brought me fully to my senses. Toby stood next to me, water pouring off of his huge frame, a worried look on his face. 
“I’m alright Tob,” I smiled much to his obvious relief. “Michael trying to kill me or what?”
My gigantic friend snickered. 
“Forget Michael, he’s off to Istanbul for his Mormon mission. After that, he can let the BYU quarterback take wicked hits. Carla has it downloaded on Youtube already by the way.”
“Has what downloaded? The touchdown?” 
“No, that hit you took,” he replied still smiling at me.
“Oh brother.” 
I winced and tried without success to let the warm water wash those thoughts away with the mud at my feet.
Carla was our school’s techno geek and had been Toby’s girlfriend for the last year and change. The two were the most unlikely couple you could possibly imagine. She was petite, maybe 5’1”, a senior, and ninety-five pounds soaking wet, including her ever-present Apple laptop. 
While Toby, well Toby was 6’8” and claimed to be two-hundred and seventy pounds, but he was easily over three hundred and a sophomore like me. Coach had wanted him to be an offensive tackle because of his size, but his father had been a center for the Minnesota Vikings for nine years, and under his tutelage, Toby had become such a good center that moving him would have been ridiculous.
“She sent it to my iphone. She said she thought you were dead.”
I joined him laughing, “Couple more hits like that and I would be.”
“I’ll show you when you get all that mud out of your ears.”
“Pass,” I sighed. 
Speaking of hits, I wondering how many hit’s she’d get on this one.

As we got dressed Doctor Tambien and Mike, our trainer, came into the dressing room to check on me. I had to promise not to drive for twenty-four hours and to go easy on any celebratory drinking, but they seemed confident I would be fine. Toby and I watched them leave the locker room in silence.
“Guess they don’t know what a teetotaler you are, Jake-O,” Toby said breaking the silence. “And you gotta wonder where old Doc got his medical degree if he thinks you are mentally competent.”
“Ha ha, very funny,” I snickered, threatening to snap him with a towel. 
We finished packing our gear and were getting ready to leave when Coach McNally’s leathery old face poked out from his office door down the hallway to our left.
“You two! Gunn, Daniels… I need a word!” he barked, disappearing into his office.
Toby cursed under his breath. I had to agree. Sighing in unison, we turned and headed towards coach’s office.
“What do you think this is about, Tob?” I asked shouldering my gear bag. 
I didn’t think Toby had a clue either, but I had to say something to help vent my nerves. Toby just looked at me and shrugged.

Coach McNally was the meanest man I’d ever met. His punishing, punitive style of coaching made him easily the most hated man on our campus. He was a sadistic legend. Students went out of their way to avoid him in the halls, and everyone at Fairview High School considered his geography class a death sentence. Rumors had it that he’d killed a student ten years earlier, but had gotten off on a technicality; lack of evidence, or threatening the district attorney’s family or something. It had to be untrue, but his ill, abusive manner kept the rumor alive.
Our practices under McNally were slightly short of the Bataan Death March. We had ten minutes from the end of classes to be on the field, dressed and ready to go. Fortunately for me, my Language Arts teacher, Ms. Stewart, let me, Toby and a couple of seniors who couldn’t pass sophomore English, out a few minutes early so we wouldn’t have to do twenty stairs for every minute we were late. 
If he thought you weren’t giving one hundred percent, you got stairs. If you were talking when he thought you should be listening, stairs. If a play wasn’t executed perfectly, stairs. Sometimes he even gave me stairs if I threw a pass that didn’t have a tight enough spiral on it. We started out with eighty players. Before the last game there were only forty-five of us left. 
Needless to say, there was nothing even slightly inspiring about the man; we did everything out of pure fear of stairs. His pre-game lectures were more threat than encouragement. It was only my feeling of responsibility to Toby and the other guys on the team that kept me from quitting with the others during summer ball, and later when the season started. My loyalty, and of course, my father’s insistence that it was important to finish what you start.
Coach McNally was just shy of evil, or so I thought at the time. How can I explain it? I didn’t know what evil was then, but there was something more twisted about him than your average head coach. He enjoyed other people’s pain a little more than he should, okay, a lot more. Most people put it down to his Marine background, but I wasn’t so sure.

“Have a seat!” Coach ordered as we knocked, then entered his office. The stale air of the office smelled strongly of Ben Gay, industrial disinfectant and cheap cigars. It was a mess like always. Three metal army desks even older than the coach’s own desk, were scattered somewhere under a clutter of film canisters, playbooks, jersey’s and various clipboards. Several dusty trophies stood on a bookshelf behind Coach McNally’s desk next to a faded black and white picture autographed by Vince Lombardi. 
The walls around the room held the filthy, somber pictures of players McNally had tortured/coached over the past thirty years, the lack of smiles in their portraits evidence of McNally’s eternal brutality.

Coach McNally closed the blinds as we entered and sat down at his desk glowering at us. As I nervously walked to a chair, I noticed two men wearing sport coats and slacks leaning against one of the clutter filled desks. Coach waved a dismissive hand at the men.
“Coaches Manning and Geller wanted to meet you,” Coach McNally barked, his gaze even angrier than normal.
Both men stepped forward and offered Toby and me their hands. Coach Manning was the older of the two, maybe in his mid to late forties. He shook my hand confidently. He was a commander; it was obvious from his presence. 
Coach Geller smiled and shook my hand as well, patting me comfortably on the shoulder, his eyes assessing. After introducing themselves, Coach Manning indicated that we should have a seat. I sat, glancing at Toby who saw and shrugged at me.
“Hell of a game,” Coach Manning said, smiling at the both of us as we sat down. “Beating an undefeated team on its way to the playoffs… really something!”
“Thanks,” Toby breathed, I just nodded.
“I’m the offensive coordinator for UCLA, and Jay here is my quarterback coach.”
My heart suddenly started hammering in my chest. The normally tension-filled room became even more claustrophobic if possible. Division I college scouts! Mom and Dad were going to have a fit. I concentrated on my breathing, willing away the panic attack building inside of me. 
“We’ve been watching you both mature this year. Two standouts as sophomores, on a team with several college bound players. Not an easy thing to achieve. Coach McNally says you’re best friends as well.”
We nodded in unison.
“Back in my day, colleges didn’t recruit players until their senior year, but competition is tough these days. Some schools are recruiting middle-school kids if you can believe that. We’re not allowed to offer you scholarships yet, officially that is. What I’m permitted by the NCAA to say is that if you were to offer us a verbal commitment, that over ninety percent of those who verbally commit to our school eventually end up getting scholarships,” said Coach Manning smiling benignly.
“Cool”, Toby squeaked, his voice jumping as if he was starting puberty.
Coach Geller laughed, but cut it off at a look from Manning.
“I know you boys are eager to join the crowd celebrating outside, but give me just another minute of your time,” he continued.
“Jake,” he said eying me. “I don’t know if you are aware of how many young men your age have thrown for 3400 yards and 27 touchdowns against only 6 interceptions as a sophomore in just 10 games. It’s a very, very short list. And all of that naturally, without an expensive quarterback coach like Coach Gellar here.” 
Then his gazed darted over to Toby. 
“Toby, that nose guard you pushed around all night is going to USC next year and will probably start as a freshman,” he laughed, “and that from a sophomore center. It would please me to no end to see that rematch a couple of years from now after you graduate.” 
“You boys are going to get a lot of offers, and it’s going to get into your heads. Hell, I recognized half a dozen scouts from the Pac-12 alone out there tonight. My advice to you is to remember who you are right now. Remember your friendship. Keep each other in check so that the hype doesn’t become a curse. Trust me, its not going to be easy, but it does become a little more manageable if you make your decisions on college early. It also allows universities like UCLA to make certain that you gain access to football camps, and that your high school, your football program, and coaching staff get the backing of our booster’s formidable assets.” 
Saying this last bit Coach Manning dug a couple of cards out of his jacket pocket and handed one to both Toby and I.
“Have your parents call us. We aren’t allowed to call them, or you for that matter. If they call, then we can arrange for a tour of the campus. The verbal commitment is easy, “ he smiled, “Just give me a call with your parents on the line and say you are committed to going to UCLA. We put out a press release saying you boys have verbally committed and the wheels go into motion.”
Coach Gellar smiled at me. “Coach Jensen and I are putting on a camp for quarterbacks and receivers in February. It would be great to have you there, Jake.”
“That’s it boys!” Coach McNally said crossly, standing up from behind his cluttered desk. “Now get out and don’t forget to hand in your jerseys and pads tomorrow morning at o-six-hundred. Fifty stairs for anyone late.”
Coach Manning stepped back and Toby and I stood up.
“Thanks Coach,” Toby stammered and nodded. I was about to add my thanks when McNally grunted loudly.
“What part of get out don’t you idiots understand?”
Toby and I made no delay in getting out of his office. I shut the door and we hurried down the hallway towards freedom.

My mind was awhirl as we opened the locker room doors and entered a cheering throng of people. Faces of friends and acquaintances blurred together as we were hugged and applauded. Girls squealed and posed for pictures with our teammates and us. I wondered at the spectacle of it all. For a team that finished the year 7-3, a game out of the playoffs, it seemed excessive and made me extraordinarily uncomfortable. After a few minutes, Toby pulled me away from a couple of senior girls who wanted me to go to a party with them. Breathing a sigh of relief, I followed him away from the gathering to his truck where we found Carla waiting.
“It lives!” she laughed punching me playfully in the arm. “Your Mom and Dad said to tell you to be home by 1:00.”
“They did?” asked Toby in amazement. My parents were famous for their early curfews.
“Like I’d lie about that you great big oaf!” said Carla looking over the top of her nerdy glasses at Toby. “I was nearby when Doctor Tambien told his parents that Jake’s pupil response was normal and that he’d be fine. His dad told his mom to stop worrying, yada, yada.”
“Nice!” said Toby ignoring Carla’s ‘oaf’ jab. “What do you guys want to do?”
“Well, there’s a photo club meeting tonight…”
“Get real Carls, this is a night to celebrate!” said Toby cutting her off. “ UCLA coaches basically offered us scholarships in McNally’s office after the game.”
“No way! They have a great computer science program!” Carla yelled jumping into Toby’s arms her feet dangling off the ground.
“Way! Let’s go to one of the senior parties, do some dancing, let loose a bit!”
Toby didn’t drink and neither did Carla, but Toby did like to go to parties and dance. Carla usually protested, but I think she secretly enjoyed that he got her away from the gang of nerds she normally hung out with.
I considered my friend and shrugged, biting the bullet. “I got invited to a party at Brianna Kline’s by those two senior girls you saved me from,” I offered, dreading the consequences of opening my mouth. 
Toby was my best friend and did a lot for me. It was little enough to do for him, though secretly I wanted to go home, find my way into bed and sleep for a year.

We got in Toby’s shiny, hot rod red, 55 Ford truck and left the parking lot. Carla gave driving instructions while leaning into Toby’s massive shoulder. He more or less ignored her instructions, but we found our way to the street anyhow, everyone knew where Bri’s place was.



Chp. 2

Cars fills with rowdy High School students were all trying to find parking spaces on the street in front of a huge, lit-up Victorian style Mansion. It was totally chaotic. The whole school had apparently been invited.
Bri’s house had some official name and was a local historical landmark being one of the oldest buildings in the city. The Klines were one of the richest families in America. Somewhere way back in time, a great, great, great grandfather had financed J. Paul Getty and his crazy oil scheme. Now they owned several banks back east. They were old school money, and the house was evidence of that fact. Three stories high, the colossal Victorian took up most of the block. It looked like it belonged in England, not in a suburb of Pasadena.
We drove slowly past the front and I could see excited teenage girls and boys standing in groups on the immense, manicured front lawn as other’s lined up to get inside. Everyone seemed to be laughing and having a great time, as uniformed servants saw to their refreshments. Toby found a spot a block away and somehow managed to fit his truck into it. I sighed and got out of the truck holding the door open for Carla.
As we walked towards the entrance to the lavish estate, I steeled myself for what was to come, thankful it wasn’t raining anymore. 

People dream of being the center of attention, of having everyone know him or her, of fame. Our television shows rarely focus on the outsider or the groupies. They center on the star and everything revolves around him or her. It’s a part of our prevalent culture to be the VIP, to be popular, and everyone wants it. They think that if only they could be popular, that everything would be okay. What they don’t get is the awful anxiety it causes to have people act as if they know you, when you have no idea who they are. Everyone believes they are your friend and they all want your time. It makes you want to stay away from people altogether to avoid the embarrassment of not knowing their names. 
I guess that’s one of the many reasons why Toby and I are such good friends. He knows how much I hate the fame part of being a successful quarterback. He’d been there during enough of my anxiety attacks to be aware of the fear, panic and claustrophobia that crowded places produced in me. Rather than letting me become a recluse and avoid crowded situations, he pushed me through my anxiety and fear by introducing people or saying their names aloud so I wouldn’t look like some self-absorbed ass that couldn’t be bothered with remembering who someone was. Even so, I braced myself to endure the crowd as we made our way to the front gate.
Carla and I shared a look as we approached the house, and she smiled winking.
“It’s not a funeral, Jake. We could always go to the photo club…”
“Nonsense woman, you speak nonsense!” huffed Toby, picking Carla up over his broad shoulder. “Dancing we will do!” he continued in his best Yoda voice, which I have to admit, is very good.
 “Jake!” yelled a familiar female voice from across the lawn.
I turned as we walked towards the front door to see Ivy hurrying across the grass, red cup in hand. I stopped and waited.	
Toby paused for a moment as well, saw Ivy, and disregarding Carla’s protests, told me he would meet me inside.
“Hey Ivy!” I shouted back.
Ivy was the weirdest girl in school. Everyone understood that she owned the title. Ivy didn’t march to any tune, for that matter, I didn’t know if she had any rhythm at all. Her long, blondish brown hair was always streaked with a different color and out of place. Over the years she’d cut it into so many bizarre styles I’d lost count. It was always a surprise, and I mean daily! 
Ivy’s outfits were a mixture of clashing, overly baggy, bohemian styles that hid whatever figure she possessed. I didn’t know if she was plump or thin beneath the multiple layers of incompatible clothing, she was just Ivy. I didn’t look at her that way. Ivy’s ever-present smile made everyone around her grin, despite her braces with the black rubber bands.
I watched her hurrying over and forgot the building panic the crowded party made me feel. Being around her almost always relaxed me.
“Didn’t think I’d see you here,” she smiled. I stared for a second, realizing something was different about her. She noticed my look, and smiled again.
“Got them off today. What do you think?”
I didn’t know what to say. Her smile was absolutely beautiful! It changed her face completely.
“Wow!” was all I could muster. Ivy was gorgeous! Damn!
“Thanks Jake!” she smiled again, and threw her arms around me.
“You’re welcome Ivy,” I managed.
She leaned back, her arms still around my neck, and looked me in the eyes. “You okay? That big guy hit you so hard, I thought you’d be carried off the field on a stretcher.”
I shrugged, suddenly aware of her perfume, the unexpected, promising curves beneath the baggy clothing and how comfortable she felt in my arms.
“You are such a man!” she laughed, releasing me and grabbing my hand instead. “Gotta be tough!”
“Yeah right!” I groaned, as if her remark pained me, trying to hide my utter surprise at how transformed Ivy appeared without her braces.
“So you ready to run naked in the moonlight with me on the next full moon?” she teased. “That’s tomorrow if you were wondering.”
“As if!” I laughed, but suddenly I doubted that might not be such a bad idea. I was sure the thought made me blush, and I coughed to try and hide it.

I met Ivy in fourth grade when her parents relocated to Fairview from White Sands, New Mexico. Fairview is a suburb of Pasadena, which is a suburb of Los Angeles I guess you could say, since it’s all one big city now all the way out to Palm Springs on one side, and Santa Monica and the ocean on the other. Her dad worked at JPL, like my father did, only in a different division.
Her first day at school she promptly walked up to me, sat down next to me during lunch, and said we were friends. Just like that! I remember stammering an acceptance of some sort, to which she smiled and started talking with everyone else at the table like they were all old friends, too. It wasn’t more than a week later that she told me her mother was a Wicca and that her mother had seen the two of us becoming friends. I had asked how her mother could possibly know me since we’d never met, but Ivy had just smiled.
In fact, Ivy didn’t hide the fact that her mother was a Wicca from anyone, and that had promptly invited everyone to call her ‘witch girl’ and every other occult name imaginable, though the one that had stuck for several years was ‘Insane Ivy’. 
The funny thing was that she didn’t mind the name calling at all. It didn’t seem to faze her in the slightest. I learned from her that being called a name is someone’s attempt to incite your passions against you, and that if you ignored their comments or name calling, the person got no satisfaction at all. Without accomplishing their goal, they quickly stopped calling you names and moved on to easier prey. 
Because of Ivy’s amazing attitude, and the fact that she was nice to everyone, even the people who called her the names, she was accepted, quirks and all. After a couple of years, she was just plain old Ivy again.
She had been right, we had become friends, in fact, she was probably my best friend outside of Toby. They got along well together, and knew me better than anyone else did. The two of them watched over me, like parents at times, passing me off from one to the other whenever all three of us weren’t doing something together. Toby would ask me to go do something, then hand me off to Ivy when we were finished. I’ll admit it was kind of strange, and it had bothered me at first, but I’d gotten over it. When Toby started dating Carla, her and Ivy had become close friends as well. The four of us did quite a bit together.
I met Ivy’s mother a few months into seventh grade. She was an incredibly gorgeous woman who had the same seemingly senseless fashion intellect as Ivy. Mrs. Hlava had hugged me as soon as the door had opened, then sat me down and thanked me for everything I did for her daughter. I didn’t know that I’d done much, but I endured it at the time, completely smitten by her.

“Got a moment before we go inside Jake?” Ivy asked, pulling me off the walkway, away from the crowds pressing to get inside, out onto the lawn.
“Sure,” I answered glad for the distraction. To be honest, my head hadn’t cleared from the realization that Ivy had become astonishingly attractive, and though she’d held my hands hundreds of times before, it never felt like it did at that moment.
She smiled back at me in that teasing, impish way that she had, and led me across the lawn, past several groups of people, towards some trees.
“You’re not going to believe this!” she said, pulling me into the darkness of the trees.
We took another fifty steps or so and walked into a clearing. Moonlight split the clouds and the cypress trees to sparkle off of the millions of rain droplets that clung tenaciously to the grass in the clearing. As my eyes became more accustomed to the light from the almost full moon, I saw a stone bench in the center of the grass.
“Isn’t it amazing!” breathed Ivy standing beside me.
I didn’t get it.
“Yeah Ivy, that stone bench is a really something!” I chuckled knowing I’d provoke her to a more complete explanation. 
She stomped her foot in the wet grass and pointed.
“It’s a fairy ring!” she almost yelled, elbowing me in a recently bruise rib. “Look at the mushrooms!”
I tried not to flinch too much at the pain her elbow caused, and looked closer. Sure enough, we were standing just outside a circle of mushrooms, a huge circle. I’d seen small mushroom circles, and partial circles a few times, but nothing like this.
“Weird.” 
The stone bench was at the very center of the ring.
“It’s not weird Jake, its beautiful, and really, really old,” breathed Ivy, obviously entranced by the clearing. “Fairy circles are temporary things, normally.”
“What do you mean?”
“Mushrooms are a fungi. They eat dead material and produce minerals the soil needs to become healthy again. The ring expands outward because the mushrooms spread from the center looking for more food.”
“Hmm,” I grunted. Ivy would know about this. “How can it be really, really old then? Wouldn’t it spread out into the trees and keep getting bigger and bigger until it found no more food to eat?”
 “Not if it’s being used regularly silly.” 
“Used by… fairies?” I asked rolling my eyes, trying to keep my tone neutral. I failed and got another jab in the rib.
“Of course!” she laughed.
“But don’t see Billy anywhere,” I joked through the pain. Billy was an openly gay boy at our high school. He was a flamer and the favorite shopping pal of most of the popular girls in school. He was really cool, and I never teased him about it, live and let live.
Ivy giggled and elbowed me again. This time I winced aloud and tried to cover it behind a cough.
“Oh Jake!” she said, putting her arm around me gently and leaning in closer. “I’m sorry, I forgot about how sore you must be.”
“No worries Ivy,” I said, trying to man up through the pain. The smell of her perfume scattered the throbbing after a minute or so.
“It’s a very old ring, maybe a hundred years or more,” she continued, still holding me close. “Someone has to be feeding it to maintain the ring. It’s absolutely beautiful!”
“Why would they be doing that?”
“Mother would know better than me, but I would say someone is taking a lot of trips to the other side.”
“Okay, now I’m confused Ivy, trips where?” I said, no longer trying to hide my disbelief.
Ivy let go of me gently and crouched down near the edge of the ring, setting down her plastic cup as she did.
“Another world that exists alongside our own, a world of myth. A place where the creatures of legend retreated to during the dawn of mankind, when man became too populous, and we discovered iron. A world almost the same as ours only filled with magic.”
It was all so crazy, and honestly, a bit frightening. I was getting the creeps, so I did the only thing I could think of to break the mood; I jumped into the circle.

Nothing. Relief flooded through me however silly it was. Ivy stood up quickly and shouted, holding out her hand. “Jake Jenner Gunn, get back here this instant!” she commanded, sounding kind of like my mother did when I was in trouble.
“Sorry Ivy,” I shrugged, stepping back carefully over the mushrooms and out of the circle.
Ivy grabbed my hand and pulled me away from the ring a few feet.
“It’s a very, very powerful place, Jake. You shouldn’t mess with it like that!” she huffed, angry with me.
“Come on Ivy, nothing happened,” I said, relieved to be away from the circle and a bit sorry that I had upset her. It wasn’t the tension breaker for her it had been for me.
“Something always happens with you Dear Heart! Getting pounded into the field by a big tight end is the least of it.” Ivy said, pulling me even further away from the ring.
“Defensive end Ivy, and it’s not always my fault.” 
She’d called me ‘Dear Heart’ occasionally for years. I had always dismissed it as a random term of affection. Did I just not get it all these years, or was my newfound realization of her beauty making me read more into it? I shrugged it off, and followed her out of the trees and back to the party.
She squeezed my hand and gave me that coy smile.
“Looked kind of tight to me,” she giggled.



Chp. 3

Making our way back to the front door of the mansion was difficult once people began to recognize me. They swarmed around Ivy and me cheering, offering us beer and other beverages, radically slowing our progress towards the entrance. I started to panic a little; the entire high school seemed to be in our way, but Ivy was masterful at deflecting their attempts to stop us completely. Somehow without being rude, she managed to pull me through the crowd, passed friends, acquaintances, and people I didn’t even recognize, only slowing when we made our way into the line of people waiting to get inside the mansion. Toby would have been proud. 

The inside of the enormous Queen Ann style manse was truly amazing. Built in England and brought stone by stone to America before the civil war began, it was elegant beyond telling and was rumored to have over seventy rooms. Huge, twin marble staircases wide enough for Toby to drive his vintage truck up, elevated from either side of the large foyer to a second floor landing where a string quartet stood playing something that I couldn’t hear over the noise of the crowd inside.  An incredibly big, glittering, crystal chandelier hung from the domed ceiling above a huge, beautifully carved marble statue of a satyr playing a flute.
We pushed our way through the amazing foyer, past groups of teenagers talking and laughing, avoided servants buzzing around like bees as they offered sandwiches and hors d’oeuvres to Brianna’s guests, and finally made our way into a colossal room lined with red streaked stone columns. 
Throngs of excited teen-agers were gathering around a gear filled stage at one end of the room. Others stood in large and small groups on the shining marble floor in anticipation. 
From a door behind the makeshift stage a DJ emerged only moments after we entered the room and shouted out to the crowd gathered inside.
“Ready to get this party started?” 
A raucous cheer went up echoing through the cavernous room.
Across the frescoed ceiling small chandeliers identical to the one in the foyer suddenly dimmed and laser beams started swirling through the room in time to thumping rap music. 
Ivy continued to pull me through the cheering crowd to its center, where we found my enormous friend swirling around with a grace uncharacteristic of his massive bulk. Carla had stored her nerd glasses and was rocking out with him.
“We’re going to find someplace quieter!” Ivy shouted up at Toby, not letting go of my hand. She had to repeat herself several times before he nodded, then spun a few times and did a leg kick ala Michael Jackson.  Despite the pressing, jostling crowd around me I couldn’t help but laugh as Toby hammed it up.
Ivy pulled me through the crowd again, searching for an exit. After a few claustrophobic minutes she found a pair of tall, paneled doors and turning the handle pulled me inside.
“I hate that music,” Ivy said, locking the door then rubbing her ears. She was obviously relieved that the thick door and walls muted the driving bass.
 “I don’t know,” I grinned, relieved to be out of the crowd. “JZ isn’t that bad.”
The room we fled into was an ornate study of some kind. It was much, much smaller than the room we exited, but still mind bogglingly large. The walls on either side of the rectangular room were lined with bookshelves that reached all the way up to the ceiling, twenty feet or more above the floor. I was shocked by the amazing wealth displayed before us. Thousand upon thousands of old leather bound tomes packed the rich, cherry bookshelves. 
“Wow!” Ivy gasped. She loved books. The room must have been like heaven on earth to her.
“You can say that again!” I breathed taking it all in.
At the far end of the room, a large fire blazed in a massive stone hearth lighting the study in flickering gold. Two medieval suits of armor stood poised on either side of the door we’d just entered, the polished metal reflecting the light and heat of the fire.
“I had hoped this would be my refuge tonight,” came a tired, ancient male voice from one of four high-backed, leather chairs facing the fire. It was then that I noticed the smell of chocolate-laced pipe smoke.
“Sorry to intrude…” I winced by way of apology. 
“We were just trying to escape the crowd,” Ivy added as we shot each other a resigned look and turned to brave the pounding music and crowd once more.
“With good reason, Ivy,” the old voice chortled. “Come sit with me, Jake.”
Chills shot down my spine, and my throat suddenly felt dry. Ivy grabbed my hand in a death grip as we turned back towards the voice. She leaned nearer to me and breathed. 
“He knows us?”
“Brianna’s father?”
“I don’t think so,” Ivy whispered grabbing my arm tighter.
“Come children, you’ve nothing to fear. Humor an old man,” the raspy voice continued.
I stepped in front of Ivy and steeling my nerves, began walking towards the chairs. For her part, Ivy stayed close to my back, peering around my shoulder. 
“No time like the present,” the ancient voice giggled.

With each step towards the fireplace I felt my anxiety build. My heart started racing faster and it became harder and harder to breathe. I tried to calm myself, going through my ritual to fight panic attacks and told myself I was being silly. So what if an old man knew my name, Ivy’s name. There was probably some simple explanation.
 I drew in a deep breath as we stepped between the chairs to face the owner of the voice. 
Smiling up at me was the oldest man I’d ever seen. Wispy, sparse white hair flowed down around a pale winkled face unto the front of his food stained, blue robe. Piercing blue eyes, rheumy and wet with age regarded me with an intelligence that was at odds with his childlike smile. 
“Finally,” he snickered. 
His toothy grin widened and with an effort, he raised his arm and held out his right hand out to me. 
 I tentatively stepped forward and reached out to shake his trembling hand. I could hear Ivy suck in her breath, still pressed against my back as I put my hand in his soft, frail grasp.
 The panic attack I’d barely been holding in check suddenly slammed through me like a tidal wave. Disoriented, I did my best to continue the shake, and tried to take a breath, but my lungs wouldn’t respond. The desire get away shook me to the core of my being and I let go of the old man’s hand, staggering back. The world spun around me as my heart hammered loudly, faster and faster.
“You’d better get him to a seat, young lady,” the old man sniggered. “I believe he’s going to faint.”
I heard his words as if from the far end of a tunnel. I needed to run, to escape, but my feet had turned leaden. I couldn’t move. I couldn’t breathe. Black spots swam before my vision.
 Somehow Ivy got me into one of the other chairs.
“What did you do to him?” she cried out. 
“Just gave him his birthright, dear Ivy,” the old man said, controlling his giggling long enough to answer her. Then everything went from gray to black. 

I woke up covered in sweat. The heat from the fire in front of me had made my clothing uncomfortably hot. Bringing a trembling hand to my face I wiped the sweat from my forehead and leaned forward in the chair. Taking a deep breath, I rocked forward out of the chair and got to my feet completely and utterly embarrassed.
“Jake!” 
My ribs protested in agony as she suddenly pressed against me tightly, but it helped to clear my mind. I hadn’t passed out from an anxiety attack in over a year. The after effects of all that adrenaline made me feel weak and wobbly.
“Sorry, Ivy,” I whispered, returning her embrace.
“You’re sorry?” she asked, as if perplexed by my apology.
“Yeah, I had a bad attack and…”
“No Jake, “ she breathed, “it wasn’t a panic attack, he did something to you!”
“What? No, Ivy,” I shook my head, “Just a wicked panic attack...”
“Your birthright,” the old man interrupted pulling my attention back to him. 
“Excuse me?”
Ivy saw me staring and stepped back.
“This is Sir James Nisbet. He’s an…”
“Immortal,” supplied the old man with a grin, “or rather, I was until a few minutes ago.”
I shook my head in confusion. It was one of the craziest things I’d ever heard, and it wasn’t the greatest thing to experience after having an anxiety attack.
“Ivy… what gives?” 
“I can’t explain it Jake…” Ivy said looking into my eyes.
  Whatever was going on I could tell Ivy believed it, which while not totally out of character, was still hard to understand.
“I can… youngster,” wheezed the ancient man, his breath ragged and much weaker than it had been before I passed out.
Ivy pulled me over to his chair and knelt beside him. This was too weird for me, but seeing as how I’d just made a complete fool of myself, I reluctantly went along with it and knelt beside her.
His blue eyes regarded me warmly. 
“I’ve waited such a long, long time… to give you this birthright, Jake.” He breathed with difficulty and took a long drag from his ornate pipe. “You might say… I’ve only been holding it for you.”
The fire behind me popped loudly, startling my already frayed nerves. 
“What birthright?”
“Why your immortality of course! Aren’t you listening?” said the old man, his eyes dancing merrily.
I stared at him dumbfounded. 
“My immortality?”
“That’s what I said, child. You... young people don’t listen well at all,” he laughed, then coughed deeply. His breathing stopped for a moment, but then continued laboriously. “I don’t have much time, so listen more closely, if possible.” 
“You think… I’m immortal? As in I can’t die?” I smiled rocking back on my heels. 
“Quiet Jake!” Ivy hushed.
“Oh you can die my boy, in fact, if you live out the year... it will be a miracle,” he said and took a deep pull on his pipe. “We are all immortal beings, Jake, we don’t fade into nothingness when we die, but that’s a long lecture I have no time for. Your immortality is different however; you won’t get any older, if you don’t want to that is, you will never get sick, and you will most likely heal from anything that doesn’t kill you outright.”
“Ok then…” I said, getting back to my feet. “You don’t look so well, Mr. Nisbet. Is there someone we can call to…” 
“Silence boy!” the old man growled, coughing. “If you don’t hear what I have to say, you won’t stand a chance.”
I took a deep breath and just nodded, too shaken from my anxiety attack to argue. It wouldn’t hurt me any to pacify the crazy old man; he obviously wasn’t fully sane.
“Your immortality comes… with gifts,” he spoke haltingly, each word an effort, “What they will be for each new immortal is uncertain. I can’t tell you what yours will be Jake. You will discover some of the gifts over time, and choose others. You must choose carefully; any you deny will be lost to you forever. Above all you must leave behind your disbelief, it will get you killed, or pulled unwittingly into evil.”
I did my best not to sigh out loud as I listened. Being asked to believe in something utterly unbelievable was ridiculous enough without the death threat.
“There are ten immortals at all times, at least… on our side there are,” he continued. “If one is killed, another is born. The other side can make theirs, so their numbers are nearly limitless, but enough about them. Ivy’s mother can tell you about...”
“My mother?” Ivy Interrupted. “What does my mother have to do with it?” 
The old man drew a reluctant, ragged breath and rolled his eyes, “Well, perhaps you should ask her young magi. Where was I…” he paused for another pull of his pipe. “Yes, yes… you are one of the ten now. ‘The Ten’ battle the forces of evil and balance creation. Watch your back, Jake, because evil will come for you now that your birthright is upon you. It will be drawn to you like a moth to flame. Not all will be as it seems. Be wary and constantly vigilant. Trust completely only those worthy of your trust.”
I nodded down to him, wondering if we should call him an ambulance. He had obviously lost it.
“I’m so… tired,” he said, struggling to get another breath into his failing lungs. Giving up the effort, he smiled up at me. “Good luck, Immortal.”
I started to respond, but he had stopped breathing. I stared down in shock as the spark of life left his eyes.
Neither of us moved for several minutes. I’d never seen anyone die before in real life and didn’t know what to do. I thought about trying to revive him but something told me it wouldn’t work. Not knowing what else to do, I tentatively reached forward to close his eyes. My trembling hand was halfway there when I noticed that he seemed to be glowing despite the bright light from the fire behind me. I pulled my hand back and involuntarily gasped as the old man’s body shimmered brighter and brighter blue.
“Ivy!” I shouted, pulling her to her feet and away from his chair. With a brilliant blue flash the old man’s body collapsed in on itself in a puff of white sparks. The pipe dropped onto the leather chair. Of the old man, nothing remained.

Ivy and I just stood gawking at the empty chair. I was in utter shock. Had that really just happened? 
I was looking around trying to figure out where he’d gone when Ivy stepped forward and picked the pipe up off of the chair.
“Don’t…” I groaned.
Ivy turned and offered me the pipe, her slender hands shaking slightly. 
“Take it.”
“No way!”
“It’s yours now.”

I can’t say why I took it from her. Maybe I wanted proof that what I’d seen really had happened. All I know is that one minute I was holding the old man’s pipe and the next I was coursing with adrenaline again and running in panic, fleeing from the insanity of the room. 
I don’t remember much about leaving the party and I can’t say how long I’d been running when I started coming to my senses. I was numb, concentrating on my breathing and the steady pounding of my feet.  A part of my mind wondered at how quickly the soreness from the football game faded from my muscles, but I reasoned it as a side effect of the endorphin high that running gave me. 
I felt my cell phone buzzing in my pocket occasionally, but I ignored it. The cool night air felt good on my face. I jogged down unfamiliar streets until one of them joined up with a street I knew. I corrected my course and ran for home.


Unlocking the front door and closing it behind me, I made my way through the darkened house to the kitchen, and turned on a light. Looking at my watch, I was heartened to find it was only 12:50. I took out my phone and turned it off without looking at the messages, pulled a Gatorade out of the refrigerator, and downed the entire thing. I noticed a message from my mother on our dry erase board near the refrigerator, and moved closer to read it.

“Dear Jake, your father and I are so proud of you! What a game! If you’re hungry, there’s some pot roast in the Tupperware on the second shelf. You should sleep in tomorrow; I know you’re going to be sore. Your Father and I are going to Aunt Trisha’s at 7:00am, we should be back for dinner, if not we’ll call. There is twenty dollars on the counter if you want to go out with your friends for lunch. 
Love, Mom”

I sighed. I hadn’t been looking forward to going to Aunt Trisha’s. Cleaning my great Aunt’s rain gutters wasn’t my idea of a fun Saturday. I got out the pot roast and ate it cold, willing myself to forget about the party and the old man, but thoughts of Ivy’s smile wouldn’t let me. I stood at the kitchen counter eating the roast and wondered if that was the only thing real that had happened that night. I laughed to myself. Immortality. Living forever. Who on earth would want to live forever? Seeing your friends and family all grow old and die while you remained young. I shook my head, and concentrated on Ivy.
How could I have missed her becoming so beautiful? It was true that she did absolutely nothing to accentuate it, but she had been so pretty tonight. Could removing someone’s braces really change them so dramatically? A better explanation was that I was suffering from a concussion. It would explain a lot.
I yawned, and put the remains of the roast back in the refrigerator. I turned out the light and headed down the hall to my room. I closed my bedroom door behind me, and fell into bed utterly exhausted.



Chp. 4

I woke up from a restless night of sleeping to see Toby clicking through his iPhone. He noticed me looking at him and smiled.
“Don’t thank me for turning in all your crap, ” he said, “McNutty was pissed! I told him I would do half of your stairs. He said we could both do fifty.”
I rolled out of bed, still in my clothes from last night and went into my bathroom. I glanced in the mirror after relieving myself. I looked like hell.
“Thanks Tob, didn’t think to set my alarm when I got in,” I said.
“No prob,” he replied. “What happened last night anyway? Ivy called me and said I needed to get you over to her house ASAP. You guys have a fight or something?”
I shook my head and put on a clean shirt.
“Na.”
He laughed. 
“Thought you guys were finally going to hook up.” 
I sat down on the bed and looked at Toby. He stopped messaging someone and stared back at me.
“Last night was the weirdest night of my life I swear! Think I might have had a concussion,” I began, and told him about all of it. He listened quietly nodding as I spoke. It felt even more ridiculous and absurd as I said it aloud. When I finished, he shook his head.
“I would tell you to lay off the mushrooms growing around that bench, but I think that story goes beyond a mushroom high. No wonder Ivy wants us to get over to her place as soon as possible. Mind if we pick up Carla first?” he said.
I shook my head hardly believing my own story.” Why not, “ I growled, “might as well let more people in on the joke.”
“If this is a practical joke, you’re dealing with a master jokester my friend,” he grinned.
“Some joke,” I said standing up and feeling something jab me in the groin.
I reached into my pocket to move whatever it was that was poking me and paused. A shot of adrenaline coursed through me as my hand closed around a pipe. The reality of it staggered me for a moment. There had to be an explanation for what happened. As embarrassing as it probably was going to be I realized that being open about it with my friends was probably the quickest way to discover what had really happened.

We left my house and picked up Carla a few minutes later. She asked what was going on too; apparently Ivy had called her several times as well. They both grilled me about why I hadn’t answered my phone when I left the party, which made me feel a bit guilty, but it was too late to do anything about it. Toby gave her a recap of what I’d told him and she hit him telling him to stop joking around. He swore it was true and looked at me.
“It’s kinda true. Well, at least part of it,” I grunted, pulling the pipe out of my pocket.
Carla laughed aloud. “You guys messing with me? Not a very good joke!”
“It isn’t.” I shrugged replacing the pipe and looking out the window.
“Immortal eh? Jump out of the truck and prove it!” she barked snidely, “Make sure to aim for a telephone pole so there won’t be any doubt. Hey wait, …let me get my camera!”
“Very funny,” I grunted as we turned down Ivy’s street. 
“By the way, your video has over eight thousand hits already! It’s going to go viral I bet,” she said quite pleased with herself.
“Great,” I muttered as we pulled up in front of Ivy’s house.

Walking up to Ivy’s door I felt both dread and excitement. Dread at the thought of her confirming that last night really happened, and excitement to see if she really was as beautiful as I remembered or if it was the concussion messing with my mind. It was probably all some kind of dream induced by the wicked hit I’d taken at the end of the game. Perhaps we didn’t even win the game. Maybe I’d found the pipe. I wasn’t so lucky.
Toby reached out to ring the doorbell, but the door opened first. Ivy stood there dressed in a baggy tie-dyed tee shirt, and stripped flannel pajama bottoms. Her blue streaked hair was mostly tied back and she didn’t look like she had slept at all. Our eyes met and she smiled at me; it hadn’t been a dream, she was gorgeous.
“Come in guys, Mom’s making breakfast,” she said.
We walked into the house and followed Ivy into the living room. The smell of incense never left Ivy’s house and today was no exception, except that it mixed with the smell of bacon and toast.
Ivy’s house mimicked her and her mother’s bohemian style sense. It always amazed me that someone would think all the stuff in there was suppose to be together in the same room. 
Wildly different colored pillows in a variety of patterns, shapes and textures littered the floor surrounding an old brass Hookah pipe in the center of the room. The couch I sat down on was an extremely large beanbag covered with a brightly colored slip with a picture of Bob Marley in the center. A moon chair laced and woven with thin streamers of green and yellow silk, mixed with strands of multi-colored Mardi Gra beads, hung suspended from the ceiling by a thick, tarnished brass chain.
Carla hoped into the basket-like chair, which creaked as it swung lightly back and forth. It was the closest Carla would ever come to looking like Our Lady of Guadalupe. 
The gaudy, hanging chair hung to the right of a hand painted brick fireplace. Each glossy brick had either a picture, writing, or a combination of both fired onto it in wildly different colored glazes. Some of the words were written in English, but the vast majority were written in a language I couldn’t read and hadn’t seen before. I had asked Ivy what some of them meant during past visits and had been informed they were symbols and glyphs from her mother’s Wicca studies. Ivy knew what some meant and had shared their meaning with me.
Above the fireplace on a worn wooden mantle sat several aged glass jars, an old ragged, stuffed teddy bear, and a 1940’s radio. Her father had gutted the radio’s old components, and replaced them with a Bose stereo. The music coming out of it now was some sort of peaceful, modern, new age sound that involved a lot of water noises.
 Toby sat down on the floor leaning against a large, vibrantly painted Aztec sundial that was propped against the wall beneath a large, black and white poster tacked unceremoniously into the wall, of the famous Bohemian writer Franz Kafka. To Toby’s right, sat a small, circular, wooden table with a stone chessboard on top, its onyx and ivory pieces arrayed as if a game were being played.
The room contained a variety of large and small houseplants including a light green ivy vine that had spread up onto the wall and part of the ceiling from an etched glass pot in one corner of the room. 
It was a bizarre mix, but somehow I always felt relaxed here. The room radiated a serenity and peace that were inexplicable.

Ivy sat down next to me on the couch and put her hand on mine. I felt my heart skip a beat.
“I was so worried about you Jake!” she said. “You should have answered your phone.”
“He forgot it again,” intoned Toby, shaking his head.
“That’s a first!” said Carla, sarcastically. She and Toby shared a look laughing.
“Its not funny!” said Ivy. “I tried to follow you and couldn’t find you. If Johnny Blakely hadn’t told me you left, I’d still be in that huge place looking for you.”
“Sorry Ivy,” I mumbled avoiding her eyes. I felt bad for leaving her, it had haunted my dreams once I’d slept. In my dreams, I had left her behind, and when I went back, I couldn’t find her. I searched everywhere and asked everyone, but no one knew where she was.
“I’m just glad you’re okay,” she said, leaning into me, kissing my cheek. 
I felt my face flush in embarrassment as my eyes met Toby’s. Both he and Carla were grinning from ear to ear.
“Finally!” whispered Carla loud enough for everyone in the room to hear.
I didn’t have time to be embarrassed as Ivy’s mother entered the room with four plates balanced easily on her arms. She didn’t give Ivy and me a second glance as she passed around the food. 
“My days as a waitress come in handy every once in a while,” she said.
I sat up and accepted my plate.
“Thank you Mrs. Hlava,” I said.
Having distributed the plates, she sat down on the pillows near the Hookah pipe. As I said before, Ivy’s mother was amazingly beautiful. She had the same blondish brown hair as Ivy, and the same light greenish-yellow eyes ringed with burnt umber. Like her daughter, her eyes jumped out at you behind long dark lashes. Her skin was olive and lightly tanned. She wore a green, loosely hanging blouse with a deep cut neckline. As I looked at her, and she regarded me, I had to fight to not glance down at her ample cleavage.
Carla had called her ‘a Milf’s Milf’ after meeting her. Toby had agreed. I couldn’t help but agree myself; to do otherwise was to not admit you were a fully functioning, breathing male. I’d had a crush on her for several years in middle school after all. I hid it from everyone but Toby. The guys at school teased Ivy regularly about getting a date with her mother. Like the name-calling, Ivy ignored it.
“Ivy and I have been up most of the night talking about your gift Jake,” she started. 
I groaned.
“First of all, the name ‘Sir James Nisbet’ is not entirely unknown to me. He was said to be a ‘warrior of God’, a knight Templar, and a formidable one.”
“Are you saying that was real?” I stammered. 
“As real as the pipe in your pocket Jake,” she smiled. “He was a holy paladin of some standing.”
“The Knights Templar protected the holy grail right?” asked Toby as I wondered how she knew I had the old man’s pipe in my pocket.
“That and more,” she continued. “They protect many powerful artifacts, just as they protect the cup. They even…”
“You mean protected… past tense don’t you?” Carla asked interrupting. 
“No dear, I do not. They are still very much involved in the affairs of this world. When the order of the Knights Templar was scourged by the King of France in the thirteen hundreds, only a few hundred knights out of the several thousand Knights Templar were ever captured. History would have us believe they just vanished or dissolved into the French countryside renouncing their loyalty to the Knights Templar out of fear of the king and his bloody inquisition. Interestingly enough, around the same time as the Knights Templar were said to have been defeated, a group of villages in what is now Switzerland, overwhelmed an army attacking their valley from Prussia, even though the attacking army outnumbered the villagers nine to one.”
Mrs. Hlava smiled at each one of us, then settled her gaze on Carla. “Do you know what the templar coat of arms was?”
“In the movies they always have a red cross over a white field on their shields and draped over their armor,” Toby volunteered.
“Holy crap!” Carla said, her eyes flying wide. “The Swiss flag inverted!”
“Exactly,” Mrs. Hlava smiled benignly.
“Wait!” I said as it all began to make sense. “The Swiss guard protect the pope.”
“They never stopped serving the Catholic church…  they just changed names.” Carla said aghast.
“It was a little more complicated than that, but you’re basically correct my dear.”
“What about the treasures?” Toby asked leaning forward. He was obviously, loving this.
Mrs. Hlava smiled. “Maybe Carla can fill that part in. Where would you put a treasure to keep it safe dear?”
“The Swiss banks!” Carla stammered, “In world history Mr. Rathbone said that the Knights Templar invented modern banking. He said that they secretly loaned money to countries and empires, basically financing the crusades. So, if they relocated from France to Switzerland, then they could be responsible for the Swiss banks!”
“Wow Carls,” Toby said, winking at his girlfriend.
“Right again,” Mrs Hlava said smiling. “History may record the invention of banking by the Knights Templar as being self serving, but it was only self-serving in that it provided them the means and locations to more adequately protect the objects given into their care. Protection of those objects means more to Knights Templar than life itself. Even though the captured knights and their leader were brutally tortured by the King of France, none of them gave away any secrets, and the Templar treasures were never discovered.”
“So you’re saying they still have the Holy Grail and other religious treasures?” Carla asked skeptically.
“Yes, I am.” Mrs. Hlava laughed. “Given what you’ve learned so far today, do you find that such a leap of faith?”
“I’m sorry,” Carla shrugged, still swinging lightly in the moon chair. “I’ve read the bible, more than once, and while it does talk about a cup used during the last supper, it doesn’t say anything about immortals.”Ivy’s mother laughed benignly. “Not all of history, or of God, is written in the holy book, Carla. The Holy Church of Rome holds many more books and writings than were put in the original bible. The founders of Christianity picked the texts that were verifiable and could be readily understood by its followers who at the time were mostly uneducated. The bible was put together to be a road map of sorts, not a tool to limit God. 
Christians maintain that God’s son came down to show humanity a better way, and allow God’s forgiveness of our sins. It is not the complete blueprint of God’s word, as many fundamentalists would have you believe. The word of God is alive and his creations much grander than most humans are capable of seeing. I see God’s divine grace and word in nature. Serving it, I serve him who created it.”
“That’s Wicca then?” Toby asked. Ivy had tried to explain it to me, but I never really understood.
“Hmm, well, it’s true Wicca. The Wiccan has unfortunately become a cult that has been twisted and perverted with satanic ritual. They worship a three horned God, or a God and Goddess these days depending on which sect ones follows. A true Wicca is a servant of creation, and therefore the creator. They serve good, not evil.”
“Wow, never knew that Mrs. Hlava,” said Toby.
“Not many do,” she smiled. “Getting back to the matter at hand.”
“The old knight?” Carla offered.
“Yes, Sir James,” Ivy’s mom sighed, continuing. “Only a few of the Ten Immortals are actually known by name, and have a history that is traceable. Until last night, Sir James was one of them. I called a friend of mine who keeps a record about such things. He said he believes Sir James was originally an apprentice to druids in what is now England, though that is just a theory of his. What he knows for sure about Sir James starts in Greece in five hundred BC. Apparently, he was a colleague to Pythagoras of Samos.”
“Pythagoras?” Carla interrupted. “The Pythagoras? The Pythagorean theorem?”
Mrs. Hlava smiled at Carla and nodded. “One in the same.”
“Holy moly!” Carla whistled.
“After that he traces Sir Nisbet’s whereabouts back to England and ‘The Battle of Mound Badon’ in five-hundred-twelve AD where he served as a knight and priest confessor to King Arthur Pendragon.”
“He was a knight of the round table?” Toby asked. 
“I don’t know about a round table, but my friend says that is where Sir James was knighted. After that he was a member of the first Crusade that captured Jerusalem in 1099. A hundred years after that Sir Nisbet and Godfrey De Saint-Omer along with Hugues de Payens of France started the Knights Templar.”
The Knights Templar still being around I could believe, but immortals… 
“No way!” I choked, swallowing a bit of bacon down the wrong tube. Ivy patted my back, attempting to calm me down. I didn’t believe it. Why would this amazing guy who had apparently done so much for the world and played such a large part in human history give his life up for me. What the hell for?
Mrs. Hlava looked at me and I could see the compassion in her eyes. “I’m afraid it’s all true Jake. He had probably been alive for several thousand years or more. He was not the oldest of the ten either.”
“Wow!” Carla said. “You’re serious?”
“There is a great evil rising children and all of creation protests its coming. It is an abomination against the creator and all who would serve him. If allowed to gain a foothold, it will consume everything.”
I shook my head.
“Lets say just for a moment, that I believe you. Why me?” I protested, “I’m not special. I go to church and believe in God, but that doesn’t make me a saint or anything! Not like this knight guy we’re talking about. Why would somebody who supposedly had done so much, give up his life for me?”
“Mom knew about you before we moved here Jake, remember?” Ivy interjected. 
“This going to be a bit hard to hear Jake,” said Mrs. Hlava, “but your coming has been foretold in several prophecies, just as it has been foretold that the other nine immortals shall fail if they attempt to take your place. In the end, the battle with the Demon and its minion will hinge upon you.” 
“A Demon? Are you kidding me?” I stammered, unable to believe my ears. This was absolutely nuts! 
“I wish I were Jake,” Mrs. Hlava said sighing. 
I looked up at the ceiling and took a deep breath. People didn’t just vanish, but, pipe or no pipe, this was insane.
“No offense, Mrs. Hlava, but I’m having a difficult time believing any of this, to be honest with you. None of this makes any sense, but… let’s just say I believe you, what can I do about any of it?” I asked. 
“We!” said Toby. “Your not going off on an adventure without me. Someone has to watch your back, remind you of people’s name etc.”
I looked at Toby incredulously. 
“You don’t believe any of this, Tob. Come on, get real!” I said searching his face for some sign that he was joking.
“I’m not going to let Toby go stumbling off on some dangerous mission or whatever, without me,” Carla chimed in.
“I’m not staying behind either,” said Ivy leaning against me again. “Besides Jake, you’re going to need my help before it’s over.”
I looked down at Ivy and sighed in frustration. Had all my friends gone nuts?
Mrs. Hlava looked around the room and smiled warmly.
“All is as it was written then,” she said winking at her daughter proudly. 
“Like it or not Jake,” Mrs. Hlava continued, looking me in the eye, “you must decide if you are going to ignore what you have become, what you have seen with your own eyes, or accept it and move forward.”
Everyone looked at me and I felt that stifling oppression that signals a panic attack descending on me. I did my best to breath through it and felt the lump in my pocket, shaking my head. What choice did I have? I couldn’t ignore what was happening. I had to find out what was going on. Pretending nothing had happened wasn’t really an option.
“I’m sorry, but I don’t believe anyone’s destiny is written in stone, or in a prophecy, Mrs. Hlava,” I said looking away from her intense gaze. “Like I said, I’m not sure I believe any of this… but I can’t deny that something weird happened last night. I need to find out more about what it was and why it happened.” 
Ivy squeezed my arm and Mrs. Hlava smiled warmly.
“Destiny doesn’t require belief or faith. It just is. It is far more important that you have the desire to see this through, than that you believe or accept your destiny,” Ivy’s mother said as if she knew something I didn’t. 
I hated when people did that.
“As for your role, the prophecies allude to a stone that the ‘Light Wielder’ will use to defeat the Demon. You are the ‘Light Wielder’, Jake, and I think the prophecies refer to a powerful stone called ‘The Cardinal Ruby’.”
“Defeat the Demon?” I swallowed. “I’m supposed to fight the Demon now?”
“I’m going to start calling you Buffy,” Toby quipped.
“So we have to find this ‘Cardinal Ruby’ then. Where do we look? Carla asked.
“At the Kline Estate,” Mrs. Hlava said.

We ate for a while in silence as Mrs. Hlava set about putting together a daypack for Ivy. 
This was all way too crazy. It was as if my reality had been suspended and had been replaced with another one entirely. Demons and ancient, legendary knights bequeathing Immortality? It was the realm of fantasy, not reality. And now we were going to go break into a twenty-thousand-square-foot mansion, find and then steal a stone of power we’d never seen before? I dreaded the thought of going back to that place. It was all just a little too much.  On top of it all, I was supposed to slay a demon and its minion whatever that was? Good luck! 
I shook my head again, as I finished my plate and voiced my concerns to my friends while Mrs. Hlava was out of earshot.
“Am I the only one who thinks this is absolutely ludicrous? Are you guys on crack? Where is the reason behind any of what is suppose to be going on? Why would I be chosen to do this; because I can throw a football in a tight spiral? Why should I, we, believe any of it?”
“You saw him vanish,” Ivy said twirling a finger in my hair. “You have his pipe in your pocket. Like you said before, we can’t leave it at that. We need to find out what is happening. Like it or not this has fallen on you Jake, on us. Mother says it is our destiny to do great things. Each of us.”
“You know I don’t believe in destiny, or fate,” I said softly, as the weight of this adventure started to settle on my shoulders.
“We’re gonna  need a plan if we’re gonna steal this thing,” Toby said. 
“Why steal it? Let’s just go ask Brianna if she has it,” said Carla. “Can’t hurt.”
“Where’s the fun in that?” Toby sighed dramatically.
“I hate to tell you this boyfriend, but you’re not the right body type to play James Bond,” Carla laughed.
“If they can cast a blonde dude as James, then why not someone 6’8” with guns like these?” Toby said flexing his arms.
“Oh brother,” Carla moaned, rolling her eyes. “You wouldn’t even fit in an Aston Martin.”
I had to agree with Carla.

Mrs. Hlava gave us all hugs and little leather pouches with draw strings as we left. She kissed her daughter and put an intricate crystal necklace over her head.
“Take care of them Sweetpea,” she said.
“I will momma,” Ivy said returning her mother’s embrace.


We crowded like sardines into the front seat of the Toby’s tricked-out, old truck and drove away. Just as the silence became unbearable, Toby pressed a button on the dashboard. A touch screen unfolded showing a list of artists. He tapped on Hank Williams Jr., and in seconds, the clear twanging sound of country music filled the inside of the cab. Toby sang aloud, off key like usual, as we drove through town on our way back to Bri’s mansion. I rolled down the window and put my arm out trying to give us more room. Ivy was pressed against me tightly, and I found myself acutely aware of her body and perfume.
I was baffled that Toby and especially Carla were going along with this. Well, Toby I could kind of understand, but Carla? She was the conservative voice in our group, the doubting Thomas. I just couldn’t understand why she was so accepting of this whole thing.

When were we less than a block away, Ivy leaned forward and turned off a Carrie Underwood song by tapping on the touch screen surface.
“There is something you guys should know before we get any closer… the Klines are vampires.” Ivy said, as if she were saying the dark clouds meant it was likely to rain. “The pouches mom gave us have silver dust in them, but she doesn’t think we’ll need it.”
“Vampires?” said Toby stammered.
I shook my head.
“What, you can believe all the garbage about me supposedly being immortal, but you draw the line at vampires?” I sniffed, sure now that this was a dream and knowing my weekend was going from bad to worse.
“Yes, vampires,” said Ivy firmly.
“Gosh, and I forgot my all of my sharpened stakes at home,” Carla said sarcastically.
“Me too, “ Toby laughed nervously. “I usually don’t get all ‘Van Helsing’ until Wednesdays.”
“What about the nighttime thing? Aren’t we safe until then?” asked Carla rolling her eyes at Toby.
“Mom says it doesn’t matter if it’s stormy, but she said not to worry either way.”
“Great,” was all I could manage, and started to worry.


Chp. 5

If possible, Kline mansion was even more impressive in the daylight.  As we walked up the flagstone path to the mansion’s enormous carved doors, fighting to hear over the yard crew’s mowers, blowers and other machinery, I couldn’t help but feel awe. The vastness of the Kline Estate took my breath away. It was hard to imagine anyone moving something this size piece by piece, all the way here from England.
Sighing, I took the lead and walked up to the tall oaken doors. The dark wood in front of me was carved in relief, depicted into a scene out of the book of Revelation. Angels and demons battled, forever frozen in mid combat by a master woodcarver.
 I reached forward and tentatively knocked using the large wrought-iron knocker.  We stood there amidst the landscaper’s racket, waiting for someone to answer. After a couple of minutes went by, I lifted the knocker only to have it pulled from my hand, when the door slowly opened, revealing a small man in an elegant servant’s outfit.
He bowed formally.
“Good afternoon young ladies, gentlemen. I’m afraid you’ve missed the party entirely,” he said in a thick British accent looking down his nose at us.
“We’re here to see Brianna,” I said trying not to fidget.
“In that case, please do come in,” he said, turning aside and gesturing for us to walk past him into the foyer.
We walked inside and he closed the thick door behind us. The foyer was much like I remembered it from last night, minus the celebrating teenagers. To my surprise, there was no sign that a party had been held there at all. Everything was clean and in absolutely perfect order. The butler pointed at some chairs lining the foyer wall next to the doorway.
“Please find a seat to your liking while I inform Lady Brianna that she has visitors. Will you take refreshment while you wait?”
“I’ll have a garlic soda, I mean a soda if it’s handy.” Toby quipped. 
“I’ll have a Martini, shaken not stirred,” said Carla grinning at Toby.
I rolled my eyes at both of them. “Nothing for me, thank you.”
“Me either,” said Ivy, “Thank you so much for your kindness.”
The little man produced a bell from his pocket as he walked away from us and rang it. A woman also dressed in servant attire appeared, and he whispered something to her I couldn’t quite hear, then left down a hallway to the right. The woman disappeared down a hallway in the opposite direction.
“Dinner’s served,” laughed Toby nervously, playing with his pouch of silver dust as we sat down.
“And we’re dinner,” Carla added.
“Have some faith!” said Ivy, patting her pouch.
We sat alone, in silence for less than five minutes before the female servant returned bearing two drinks on a filigreed golden platter. She offered what looked like a Coke to Toby who reached out and took the proffered drink.
“I’m afraid we don’t keep much garlic in the house, will Coca Cola be suitable sir?” she asked, the barest hint of amusement in her eyes.
“Yes… that’s fine, thank you,” Toby smiled, turning red.
“Vodka Martini, shaken, not stirred,” she said offering a martini glass to Carla, whose jaw dropped.
“Thank you,” she managed.
“Will there be anything else?” the woman asked smiling politely.
“No thank you,” I said trying to hide a smile at Carla’s reaction. It was often anyone got the best of Carla.
The female servant curtsied, and left the room.
Toby started laughing under his breath. “Serves you right Carls. And I could so fit into an Aston Martin!”
“Picked a bad day to give up barbiturates,” she said grinning and downed the whole glass, minus the olives.
It was my turn to be shocked. Carla drank it down like it was water, which a moment later, I realized, she had thought it was. She sputtered and coughed.
“Real… martini,” she gagged.
The three of us laughed despite our nervousness. Toby clapped her on the back a few times and gave her some of his coke to wash down the alcohol. Moments after she stopped coughing, the butler returned.
“Lady Brianna will attend you in the atrium. Follow me please.”
Carla set down her glass on a table nearby; we stood and followed the servant down a long corridor to the left of the sweeping marble stairs. A variety of renaissance paintings from the Dutch school hung along the hallway, some of which I even recognized. Sculptures of translucent marble dotted the spaces in between the rich paintings. At the end of the hall, the butler opened a large door and motioned that we should enter.
I was completely blown away. It was literally like walking into the Amazon jungle. Richly colored birds swooped through the air calling to one another above the massive ferns and between the trees that tickled the glass ceiling more than eighty feet above our heads. 
Mist began to fall from the hidden pipes somewhere high above, accompanied by the sound of a thunderstorm. Incredibly beautiful orchids twined amongst the trees branches, fighting for space with bromeliads of every shape, size and color.
“Amazing!” said Ivy for all of us.
The butler led us take in the beauty of the room for a moment before ushering us along a stone path between the jungle growth. We followed, aghast at the enormity of the atrium. After ten minutes of walking we emerged into a clearing of sorts. A white sand beach surrounded a turquoise colored pool in the midst of the jungle-filled atrium. Brianna waved from a beach chair on the sand to the side.
Brianna wasn’t only the richest and most popular girl in our school; she was one of the prettiest as well. She was tall, maybe 5’10, had dark brown hair that hung down to the middle of her back, smoky eyes, and a great figure. Guys at school joked she was a mixture of Kim Kardashian and Jenifer Anisten. It wasn’t too far from the truth, except that maybe she was richer and prettier than either.
I hardly knew her other than to see her in the hallways at school occasionally. She usually said hi to Toby, but I’d never thought much of that, everyone liked Toby.
The butler bowed and left, returning along the path we had taken. 
“Wow Brianna, this place is unreal!” Toby said, leading us over to Brianna. 
She stood up and hugged him tightly as he came near. She looked amazing in her bikini. I could see Carla’s eyebrows fix into a frown as Brianna held her boyfriend, maybe a second too long.
“Daddy has to have the best of everything,” she apologized. “Carla!” she exclaimed, and gave Carla a hug as well, though not nearly as long as the one she’d laid on Toby. 
“Ivy Hlava and Jake Gunn, I guess you two had an interesting night last night,” she said with a knowing smile and sat back down on her beach lounge. 
I was briefly disappointed that I didn’t get a hug and almost didn’t hear her admission that she knew what had happened.
“Is that old knight why you’re here?” she asked innocently.
“Are you a vampire Bri?” Carla interrupted, drastically changing subjects. Just like Carla to be completely, embarrassingly blunt.
Brianna looked at Carla in shock, then laughed loudly taking a sip of a red drink on a small table beside her lounge. Toby sat down beside her on the lounge, possibly trying to deflect Carla’s rudeness.
“Heavens no, I’m not eighteen, or in good enough shape yet,” she smiled.
“What?” asked Carla incredulously, giving Toby a dirty look.
“When I’m turned, I’ll stay that way forever, I have some work to do before I’ll be ready, and a plastic surgeon to see about giving me bigger…”
“Seriously!” I sputtered interrupting her, “You are planning on becoming a Vampire and eating people?”
Brianna looked over her sunglasses at me. “We don’t eat people Jake. Yuck! Besides, father forbids it!”
Toby laughed nervously, “Well, what do you plan on eating then? McDonald’s happy meals?”
Brianna joined in his laughter and patted his arm affectionately. “You ARE the funniest boy in school Toby.”
Toby shrugged as if in agreement.
“Oh, he’s a barrel of laugh’s Bri,’ Carla said, walking over beside Toby and putting her hand possessively on his huge shoulder. “Seriously though, what do vampires eat if not humans?” she pressed.
“We can eat just about anything high in iron. It’s not nearly as bad as you think Carla… I could talk to my Dad if you like, maybe he’ll…”
“Not a chance.”
“As you wish,” she laughed at Carla’s discomfort. “Seriously, being a vampire is a perfectly good way to spend eternity. As long as you don’t drink the blood of a human, you remain mostly human, but never die. You can go out in the sunlight and get a tan, go into a church, even eat a bite of garlic or wear a cross if it suits you. Birth control is built into the gig, so what’s not to like about it?”
At this last statement she winked at Toby who shrugged it off. Carla bristled.
“What happens if you drink human blood?” I asked. 
Brianna shuddered. “You are basically no longer part of the covenant and can‘t go out into the sunlight ever again. You’re pulled into evil, and can only live off of the blood of humaniods.”
“Enough about that,” I said impatiently. “Tell me about Sir Nisbet Bri.” I said.
“You were there Jake, you and Ivy. Daddy showed me the tape this morning before the sun came up. Kind of a beautiful way to go, if you have to go, that is. Glowing blue, and then a little fireworks show. Not bad if you ask me.” 
“What can you tell me about him?”
“I really don’t know anything, Jake. Daddy had a deal with him or something, you’ll have to ask him once it gets a bit darker out.” 
“He can’t go out in the light? Then, your father drinks human blood!” Carla spat.
“Well, he’s over two thousand years old, he’s pre-covenant.”
“What’s this covenant you keep referring to Bri?” Toby asked. Brianna beamed at him.
“Once the Son of God was born, Vampires living at the time were given a moment of clarity and in that moment, they could choose to go without human blood to sustain them. Some chose to forgo their taste for it and the power it gave them. Others didn’t make the covenant, and could be injured or killed by holy water and crosses from then on. My father made the covenant. He’s not as free as I will be, because he’d already killed before making the covenant. Direct sunlight will burn him and eventually kill him if he doesn’t get out of it quickly, as a punishment, and a reminder of the sins he committed, the lives he ended.”
“Interesting.” Carla nodded.
“If there is a built in birth control thing, then how is it that he had you? Are you adopted?” Toby asked.
“Kind of a funny story,” Brianna laughed. “A vampire who accepts the covenant can have a child if the partner is holy. My mother was a Nun from St. Marien zu Helfta in Helfta, Germany. So yes, he’s my father.”
“So if you want to have kids…” led Toby.
“I’d have to do a priest,” she laughed and Toby joined in loudly.
I could hardly believe we were sitting there having this insane conversation. At this time yesterday, I was getting ready for a game against a tough, undefeated football team. Less than twenty-four hours later, I’m sitting around with my friends talking about Vampires as if we should be okay with it.
 “Can’t you remember anything more about Sir James, Brianna?” I asked, my frustration must have been evident.
She regarded me seriously. “As I said Jake, my Dad had some kind of agreement with him. I don’t know what it was. It’s not like they asked me into the study to listen to their conversations,” Bri said sarcastically.  “The only reason I know they had a deal was I heard my father tell Sir James that he had completed his side of their business arrangement a couple of weeks ago as I passed them in a hallway near the library.”
Bri took another sip of her drink and adjusted her sunglasses. 
“He’s visited father occasionally ever since I was a little girl. My father and him spent a lot of time together lately though. He’s been here like every night for the last four or five months at least, studying in one of Daddy’s libraries.”
“Great,” I shook my head. “You’re a lot of help.”
Brianna’s voice took on an angry tone. “Listen, I didn’t know him more than to say hi, Jake! What do you want from me? I don’t know anything!”
“Forgive him Brianna, he’s under a great deal of stress, more than you can imagine,” Ivy offered, speaking for the first time since we’d entered the sandy oasis. “A huge weight has been placed on his shoulders, and we need your help.”
Brianna’s voice softened. “My help?”
“Yes Bri, your help. It’s really important.” Ivy said.
“How? What can I do?” Bri said taking off her sunglasses and giving her full attention to Ivy.
“Well, you could tell us about the ‘Cardinal Ruby,’ Ivy said 
“Yeah,” agreed Toby, “We need to find the ruby so we can click our heels together three times and get out of this mess.”
Brianna took a deep breath. “I can’t really…”
“It’s not her place to speak of the Cardinal Ruby,” a deep, commanding voice said from behind me. I hadn’t heard anyone approach.
I spun around to see who had spoken and was met with a stiff backhanded blow across the jaw that sent me staggering to the sand on my hands and knees. I heard Toby roar through the sudden buzzing in my ears.
“Toby no!” Brianna cried out.
“Stand down giant!” the man ordered. I looked up through the stars spinning around my head, and saw that Toby had placed himself between a pallid, middle-aged man and me. The man emanated a powerful authority; it was the only thing that could have stopped Toby from ripping him apart, or at least trying. Here was a man that moved mountains with a confidence that made any decision he made happen. 
He stood slightly shorter than six feet. He wasn’t powerfully built, or at all physically imposing. He wore an expensive suit and blood red tie with an ease that suggested he was quite used to it. His face was clean-shaven, and extraordinarily handsome despite his pallor and advanced years. Handsome like he could have starred in a movie handsome, yet there was a barely masked rage smoldering in his dark eyes that destroyed his attractiveness.
He looked down at me with a scowl. “That is for depriving me of a very old friend,” he said.
“Father don’t…” began Brianna.
“Silence Brianna!” he ordered. “I won’t hurt any of them. I remain true to the covenant. I knew James for just over two-thousand years. Why he gave himself for this boy...”
I got to my feet stiffly, anger rushing to the surface like a tidal wave. I shook the cobwebs out and pushed past Toby.
“Do you think I like what’s happening?” I growled through my throbbing jaw. “I didn’t know him. I certainly didn’t ask for this ‘birthright’ as he called it. I don’t want to live forever and watch my friend’s grow old and die! Or fight some demon and its minion, whatever the hell that is. I didn’t ask for any of it!”
The vampire before me paled if that was possible. “The Demon’s minion?”
“Jakes got to stop it.” Ivy said.
“What of the other immortals?” Mr. Kline said looking shaken.
“Mother says they will fail.”
“Dear God!” Brianna’s father said and walked around us to sit down on one of the beach chairs. “Your mother saw this?” he asked, running his hands through his silve streaked hair.
“She did,” Ivy said quietly.
“What does she want from me little magi?” he asked.
“The Cardinal Ruby,” she breathed.
Mr. Kline let out a deep breath he’d been holding and stood back up. He looked at me as if making a momentous decision and nodded.
“Follow me please.”


Chp. 6
 
We followed Mr. Kline through a maze of lavish rooms and opulent hallways, past stairwells and immaculately dressed servants hurrying about their various tasks. I rubbed my jaw, which still stung from the backhanded blow I’d received from Brianna’s billionaire father. Toby walked at my side, his demeanor grim, his hands clenching and unclenching with barely controlled rage. I’d only seen him this angry a few times since we’d known each other. I could still hardly believe the power of Kline’s voice had been able to stop Toby from attacking him. Hell, even I wanted to fight him. It was a good thing that the martial art I had learned was purely defensive. If Aikido had kicks or punches, I might have tried them out on him.
 Mr. Kline stopped before a door and took a key out of his pocket. Unlocking the door, he strode inside the room, placing the bronze key back inside his suit pocket. The five of us followed him inside of a room that was much the same as the room I’d met Sir James in last night, in fact, it could have been the room’s exact twin except there was a large, deep brown desk at its far end by the ornate fireplace, instead of chairs. The books lining the shelves were bound in slightly richer looking leather, than the tomes in the room I’d received my ‘birthright’ in last night. Memories of the old knight vanishing replayed in my head. I still didn’t get it or believe.
Mr. Kline strode over to the large, antic mahogany desk, sat down, and moved a thick stack of files out of the way. We all walked over and stood before the desk quietly, expectantly. Mr. Kline clasped his hands together and stared at the surface of his desk.
“You have no chance against it son,” said the ancient Vampire looking up at me. “No chance at all I’m afraid. We are all, even us immortals, in very mortal danger.”
“Why Daddy?” asked Brianna.
“The combined strength of the entire allied forces under Montgomery, select Fae, the mage council, and the ten immortals barely defeated the last Demon’s seed or minion, my daughter. Going after the Demon itself? Sheer folly.”
“Allied forces under Montgomery... you mean World War II?” asked Carla incredulously.
“Precisely,” he answered somberly. “Hitler was the last Demon’s seed.”
His matter of fact statement thudded into my chest like a two-hundred-and-thirty pound linebacker. Suddenly, the room shrunk about me. I closed my eyes trying to ignore what I just heard and concentrated on breathing. I could feel the panic closing in on me and willed it away.
“Holy crap!” said Toby.
Was he suggesting there had been other demon seeds besides Hitler? This was just insane. 
“Last seed?” I asked, frustrated by the scope of events.
“Throughout humanity’s tenure as the dominant species on this world there have been at least five Demonic seeds, each minion nearly brought evil’s reign to this world. With each epic conflict the Demon has grown stronger, for it feeds on the suffering of the world, more people, more suffering. Wars, pain and death are its nefarious tools.”
“If it’s destroyed, how does it return?” asked Carla.
“The powers of good have always destroyed the Demon’s minions, but never the Demon behind it,” answered Ivy.
I looked at Ivy incredulously wondering what else she knew about this whole thing.
“Correct young Magi,” Mr. Kline agreed. “The link between them is nothing more than a powerful possession. Killing the being possessed only kills the being, not the demon.”
“Great!” I swore, still concentrating on my breathing, “So even if I somehow manage to beat this Demon’s seed, I’m only holding off evil until the next time?”
“Mother said it’s time to go after the Demon, Jake, not its seed.”
“Oh that’s even better! Who is this demon anyhow, Satan?”
“No,” Kline said. “It’s not Satan. Beelzebub can only act directly if a force of similar power acts on the side of good. Say either the Archangel Michael or Gabriel for example. No, it’s not the dark Master, but it IS one of the fallen.”
“Hell in a hand basket!” Toby swore. “We have to go up against one of the angels that fell when Lucifer was cast out of heaven?” 
Kline inclined his head. “If you are going after the demon, then that is correct young man.”
“That’s why we need the Cardinal Ruby, Jake,” said Ivy, touching my shoulder.
“It’s an absurd, ancient prophecy you’re thinking of young magi, nothing more,” said Mr. Kline, taping his fingers on the desk as if it were a piano. “It won’t work.”  
“Mother says the Cardinal Ruby binds evil and that it can bind the Demon. The stone will hold the Demon captive until it can be destroyed,” said Ivy. “If it isn’t done, she believes the Demon will eventually gain enough power to enter this world in a fully physical form, rather than through its seed.”
Mr. Kline shook his head.
“Demon’s can’t be destroyed, contained perhaps, but not killed. You’ll have to do more than give me the ‘because my mother says so’ speech, young lady, for me to give you the Cardinal Ruby regardless of who your mother is. It is all that has held the vampire council from forcing me to bow to their rule. I would do anything not to be subject to them again. Without the ruby, my family and I will be at their mercy… and they have none.”
“What do you mean?” asked Ivy.
Mr. Kline looked around and sighed, leaning back in his black leather chair as we stood watching, waiting. “The Cardinal Ruby has the power to force judgment,” he said after considering for too long in my opinion. “Those that spurned the covenant can be judged by the stone through the person wielding it. If they have fed on human blood or have taken a human life since the covenant was made, it takes theirs, interning them within its facets, until the day of final judgment. Fear of it keeps the vampire council from bothering me, or my family,” he said, looking at his daughter and smiling.
“Holy crap! That’s quite a trump card,” admitted Toby.
“It is indeed, young man. Not something easily lost to a fool’s venture.”
“What will happen to you and your family if the Demon’s seed wins, or if the demon itself is loosed into the world?” I asked, still finding all of this nonsense a bit hard to swallow. A part of me was fascinated, but the other part was busy fighting off an anxiety attack, wanting to get the hell out of the mansion and forget I’d ever seen or heard anything about any of this.
Ivy took a small step forward towards the vampire and his desk and answered my question before the vampire had a chance. “The same thing that will happen if Mr. Kline is forced to become a part of the council again, only his master would be a soul devouring Demon who would corrupt the covenant and use the vampires as a tool to wipe out humanity.”
“God wouldn’t let that happen!” Toby said.
Mr. Kline nodded in agreement.
“No, he wouldn’t, giant. He would loose the angels, which would open the world to more demons and force Armageddon,” Mr. Kline said. “That is the crux of the decision, isn’t it, young magi? Allow a weak, fledging immortal, with no idea what his powers are yet, to try and use the ruby to capture the fallen angel, thus averting global enslavement and Armageddon, or… hold on to the ruby and the sanctuary it provides me from the council, and hope that the ten immortals and whoever joins their cause, can defeat the seed without it, as they have since before even I was turned.”
“The other nine shall fail,” assured Ivy. “Besides, you’ve already decided.”
“As you say, young one, I have decided. But here is something else to consider… what if in trying to trap the demon within the cardinal ruby, the demon’s power overwhelms the stone, destroying it, and releases all the evil it has trapped for several Millennia? What if that is the true meaning of the cryptic prophesies your mother is relying on? That this boy is the one that will free evil into this world and start Armageddon?”
Ivy turned slightly red, “I don’t know about the stone shattering, Metaphiso, but what my mother said is the truth. You know she’s not just an interpreter of ancient prophecies; she’s a sage. What she sees always comes to pass.” She threw an embarrassed glance at me and turned quickly back to the vampire.
Kline shook his head again.
“Your mother may be the greatest sage on this realm or any other for that matter, and she may know my true name, young one, but no one is perfect. Other sages in different realms might disagree with her interpretations,” Kline said.
I could hardly stand still. It was all too much for me to comprehend; sages, realms, vampires, immortals, and stone’s that trapped evil, and Armageddon? My heart was racing faster and faster, and it was becoming tougher to breath. I fought the fear, and failed.
I’d had enough. 
“This is all such bullshit!” I growled, and turned away from Mr. Kline’s desk, walking for the door. I needed to get out.
“Hold a moment immortal,” Mr. Kline commanded, his voice resonating through me.
I stopped reluctantly, fighting to breathe. When I turned around, he was standing in front of me, staring at me, his brow furrowed.
“You don’t have a choice in this, and it seems, neither do I.” He shrugged, “In honor of my good friend who sacrificed himself for you, I’ll make you a deal young immortal. First contingency; I will loan you the ruby, but it must be returned to me if you succeed in trapping the demon, and the stone stays intact. Second contingency: you travel to a teacher I have in mind, to learn of your powers. Do you agree?”
As crazy as it all was, I nodded.


Mr. Kline turned from me and walked around his desk to a globe of the world I hadn’t noticed, and pressed a hidden button near the continent of Africa. With an audible click, the ceramic sphere opened up slowly, splitting in half. Kline reached inside and reverently lifted out a box. He gazed at it for a moment, then, with a flick of his wrist and a deep snarl, tossed it to me. I caught it easily and examined it. Releasing the latch, I opened the box up and dumped an egg-sized ruby into my palm. My friends came over and looked at it with me. It seemed to be a perfect gemstone, for all I knew about precious stones. It sat comfortably, if not slightly warm in my hand. The light from the room reflected off hundreds of facets, showering the five of us in small red rays of shimmering light.
“Bet that’s expensive!” said Toby.
“Tobs, sometimes...” Carla winced.
“What! He’s holding a fleet of Porsches, or maybe a yacht with its own helipad,” Toby said, squeezing Carla.
“Oh brother,” sighed Carla halfheartedly trying to get away.
“Its worth is immeasurable of course,” said Mr. Kline turning away from us and leaning against the carved mantel. “I paid the equivalent of half of my fortune for it, though it has been worth much more for the peace it has brought my daughter and I. When it leaves this house, the council will start its assault on me. Bri, you won’t be safe here.”
“They will know?” she asked.
“As soon as the Immortal touched it, all who could be imprisoned by the stone knew I no longer controlled it,” he said. “They know an Immortal has it now.”
He took out a cell phone and pressed a couple of buttons. Almost immediately, the door to the room opened and the butler came in followed by a man dressed in an old-fashion styled robe with the hood pulled low hiding his face.
“It has begun Geeves. Set our resources into motion and prepare the house,” Mr. Kline ordered staring into the ashes in the fireplace.
“It will be done,” the butler replied, bowing low and hurrying from the room.
“Robert.” 
“Yes master,” said the hooded man. 
His voice sounded familiar to me.
“You will escort my daughter and these young people through the gate to Lord Memron’s estate. I’ll give you a letter for him, make sure he receives it and agrees, then return here. Do this and I will finish your making.”
The man drew back his hood.
“Coach McNally!” I almost shouted, stepping away from my High School Football coach. I heard Toby, Carla and Ivy groan.
“It shall be as you command Master,” he said grinning wickedly at Toby and me. 
I thought it couldn’t get any worse? I was wrong.

Mr.Kline told Brianna to take us to the kitchen to get something to eat and made arrangements with her to meet us in the observatory at four o’clock. Just like that, we were dismissed. Mr. Kline and Coach McNally stayed behind to talk over something as we left the room.
I walked through hallways and rooms in shock. I had been so relieved to be free of Coach McNally, and, just like that, he was back in my life. It didn’t seem fair.
Somehow we ended up in an enormous kitchen filled with staff scurrying around preparing a meal. The smells were overwhelming. I found myself ravenously hungry. We made our way through the congested kitchen to a thick, ten-foot long, wooden cutting board that doubled as a table for the staff. 
I sat down and handed the stone to Ivy.
“Why…” she began.
“You know more about any of this stuff than the rest of us Ivy. I’ll probably just throw it at the wrong thing or lose it,” I interrupted.
“No time for an interception or fumble dude,” Toby said. “I have a feeling that would be bad.”
“Wow Toby,” said Carla said straight-faced. “Astonishing call!” 
Toby just smiled, ignoring her. “Hey Ivy, why did he keep calling you ‘magi’? Can you do magic or something?”
“No, at least not yet.” She was about to say something, but thought better of it. Toby let it slide.
“What the hell is Coach doing here?” he continued, as servants started setting food out on the table.
“That evil bastard!” grunted Carla, reaching for a plate of scalloped potatoes.
 “He’s in thrall,” offered Brianna non-pulsed.
“He’s what?” I asked. Seeing coach there had almost caused me to lose control of my bladder. What was that sadistic bastard up to?
“He’s been partially turned,” Brianna answered. “A full vampire is made in steps. Most are never turned fully, because they regain their own allegiances. While they remain a thrall, they must do the bidding of their maker. After years of service, and observation, a master vampire may grant the final kiss to one worthy to be set free.”
“How many years of service?” Toby asked.
“Well, like I said, most are never fully made. The longer they are under thrall without receiving the kiss, the less likely they will ever be turned.”
“How long has McNutty been a thrall?” Toby asked.
“More than fifty years, I think.” Brianna shrugged. “He’s going to get the kiss now though, I guess.”
“Holy crap!” Toby groaned.
“Wait!” said Carla, “How is a vampire turned without breaking this covenant you talked about?”
“If a person willingly submits to being fed upon, the covenant doesn’t apply as long as they aren’t completely drained,” shrugged Brianna.
“Damn!” I said putting my head in my hands. 
Coach McNally an immortal vampire? I couldn’t even begin to imagine how bad that would probably be. I realized at that moment that my football playing days were over. I hadn’t even been able to tell mom and dad about the offer from UCLA. I shook my head; it would have been fun to play division one football. Oh well.
“So much for playing football for Fairview High,” Toby said, helping himself to several slices of prime rib, obviously following the same train of thought.
“Yeah,” I agreed.


Chp. 7

After eating, we made our way through the huge mansion to Brianna’s room, well, suite of rooms to be more accurate. She asked Toby and I to hang out in a large, garishly decorated sitting room that held three of the largest LCD televisions I’d ever seen. Two doors led from the big pink room to other areas of her lavish suite. The light crimson washed walls of the room were adorned with autographed posters of various half dressed teenage actors and singers.  
Toby and I sat down in a couple of comfortable, purple dyed, leather recliners as Brianna disappeared through a doorway with Carla and Ivy. 
Toby pointed at a poster of James Dean. “How’d he get in here?” he asked.
I shook my head. “No clue. Doesn’t really fit though, does it?”
“Let’s see if there is any football on.” 
Toby grabbed a high tech pad that sat on a lacquered, plum colored table and started pressing the touch screen.
“I wouldn’t mind having one of these in my house, let alone my room,” Toby said.
“Must be nice.” I offered.
“Yeah,” he agreed.

Toby managed to get the screens working, and in no time there were three different games going on all three mammoth TVs. We sat there watching, but I couldn’t concentrate on college football, even if USC was playing Notre Dame. McNally was going to escort us to the estate of a guy named Memron. We’d been dismissed before I could ask anything about this Memron guy, or where the hell his ‘estate’ was. It had to be far away though. Why would Mr. Kline offer Coach his freedom, and make him a full vampire for a task, if it were just around the corner? I felt revulsion at the thought of traveling with ‘McNutty’. The best part of the ending the football season, a win over an undefeated team or not, was knowing I wouldn’t have to be around Coach until spring ball started, and here I was, apparently about to travel with the son of a bitch.
I cursed remembering something, and motioned for Toby to mute the TV’s. It suddenly occurred to me that I probably wouldn’t be home when my parents arrived. As I said earlier, they didn’t allow me to stay out late. 10:30 was my curfew as a rule.
“I’m so frickin screwed, Toby!”
“It’ll be okay Dude, I’ll be there. Nothing is going to happen to you,” he said.
“Not this whole… thing, Tob, my parents! How long are we going to be gone? What am I going to tell them?”
“Crap! Didn’t think about that at all,” he groaned. “We are screwed!”
“We need to find out how long this is going to take and where we’re going. We have to tell them something!” 
My mind was immediately awhirl with ideas that were discarded almost as quickly as they were formed. If I told them I was spending the night, or weekend at Toby’s, they would call his parent’s and thank them for their hospitality, if they allowed it at all. That was the only lie that made any kind of sense, and there was no way it was going to work. Not a chance.
“I’m drawing a blank Jake,” Toby groaned, pressing the pad and turning off the TV’s.
“Me too.”

We had been sitting in silence for quite awhile, both of us trying to think of an excuse that would possibly work, when the girls returned. Brianna came in first, dropping a stuffed Louis Vinton duffle bag on the floor. Carla and Ivy followed her. Carla and Ivy had both changed clothing. I did a double take, embarrassed, but unable not to gawk. Worries about my parents vanished.
Ivy was wearing a pair of designer blue jeans and a snug, light blue tee shirt that Brianna had obviously lent her. Gone were the crazy, bag-like bohemian clothes she had been wearing, that she always wore. Her new jeans and tee shirt unveiled an incredible figure that was beautiful and amazingly shapely. Her legs were long and muscular, her waist was thin, and her chest, well, it was during this part of the examination that I managed to avert my eyes, and blushed furiously. I stared at my shoes trying, to calm my suddenly racing pulse.
Brianna giggled and sat on the floor between Toby and I. I heard Carla laugh, and Toby fake a groan as she landed in his lap on the recliner next to me. I kept staring at my shoes trying to compose myself.
“We have about ten minutes to get to the observatory,” giggled Brianna.
I went through my panic attack breathing routine, trying to calm myself, and pretend none of the girls had noticed me staring at Ivy. As I breathed, I felt the flush fading from my face. I never had panic attacks on the field, no matter how stressful the situation became. I never had them during any sports. Off the field had been another matter. 
Over a year ago my parents had taken me to the doctor to find out what was going on with my occasionally elevated heart rate and claustrophobia. He had done all sorts of tests and found nothing wrong, so they took me to a psychologist, who ran more tests. When all the tests results came in she explained to my parents and I, that what I was experiencing were anxiety attacks, sometimes referred to as panic attacks. She called it a “fight or flight” response, affecting the parasympathetic nervous system. Apparently, most people get them because of a physical problem or an irrational fear of death. I was perfectly healthy, and I never felt like I was going to die. I didn’t really fear death, no more than anybody else does. 
There were ‘triggers’ she called them, that set off the “fight or flight” response in a person’s body. It could be an irregular heartbeat, like the occasional skipped beat that everyone gets now and then, but most people don’t notice, or any one of a million other things. 
 I worked with a therapist for a few weeks and learned that my “triggers” revolved around intimate situations. Because I didn’t like being the center of attention, fear of that attention could start an attack. She taught me to be aware of how I was feeling, the warning signs that preceded an attack, and to how to control them through breathing exercises. Clammy hands, shallow breathing, rapid heartbeat and flushed face were my warning signs.  Unfortunately for me, those were the same feelings most guys felt around a girl they liked, great huh? I solved the problem by avoiding girls. I wanted to date; I just didn’t want to suffer an attack.

 “Thanks again for letting us borrow the clothes,” Carla said.
“They look good on you. On both of you! Who would have known Ivy had such an unbelievable body!” giggled Brianna, elbowing me in the calf from where she sat.
Great! They had noticed. I could feel the flushing starting all over again and worked my breathing. 
“We may have a problem...” Toby said. “Where are we going? We have to say something to our folks. We can’t just disappear for however long without giving them a heads up. They’ll call the police if we just go missing.”
“Mother told me she would take care of it if we’re gone too long,” Ivy said, sitting down on the arm of my chair. She put her hand on my knee and squeezed. “Don’t worry.”
I looked up, and my eyes found hers. In that look, I could tell that she forgave me for staring at her, that our friendship would survive it, but it also hinted of something more. 
“We should get there on time. Father doesn’t like it when people are late.” Brianna stood up, and picked up her bag grunting with the effort.
“I’ll get that for you,” Toby offered.
Carla got off of his lap and rolled her eyes, but didn’t say anything.
“Would you?” Brianna gushed.

Mr. Kline and Coach McNally were standing in the observatory when we arrived. The observatory was a fifty-foot circular room with several doorways and a glass-domed ceiling. Far above the incredibly high glass roof, murderously dark clouds roiled, threatening rain. I had expected a large telescope or something, but there were none, just a couple of sectional couches. 
Coach pointed at a couple of large backpacks. “Put those on boys,” he smirked. 
“Mr. McNally here is in charge. Is that clear?” said Mr. Kline.
“Coach in charge, got it,” Toby grumbled, giving me a glance that said he wasn’t at all happy about it.
“We better get you going then, it is quite a ways to the first safe house, and it would be best if you got there before dark.” Saying this last, Mr. Kline started for a doorway to the right. Toby and I picked up the backpacks. They were very, very heavy, and I’m not your prototypical high school quarterback type either. 
I’m 6’2” and still filling out, but I can already squat four hundred pounds and bench three-hundred-and-fifteen pounds. I get my strength from both of my parents. Dad had been an alternate on the Olympic squad in Barcelona as a decathlete and Mom had been an alternate for sprints. They had met at the twenty-fifth Olympics in Spain, and had fallen in love. 
Toby helped me secure my pack, and I helped him with his, then we hurried after the others who were already leaving the room. We walked briefly through a couple of lavish rooms and exited the mansion through a set of etched French doors that opened out on a worn flagstone patio.
We walked past statues and topiary cut to resemble all sorts of creatures, past ponds and waterfalls, over stone bridges, along pathways of marble, granite and finally onto wet grass. The blustery late afternoon wind swirled about us as we made our way into a grove of trees. It was then that I recognized where we were heading.
The fairy circle was much like I remembered it. Mr. Kline stopped before the ring and held up his hands. The darkened trees moaned as they whipped back and forth ominously around us. Large drops of rain began to fall.
“When I call your name, enter the circle and go sit on the bench,” the ancient vampire yelled above the noise of the wind.  “Do not hesitate, time is different on the other side. Minutes here are hours there. Make sure you wait for everyone to arrive on the other side before setting out for the estate.” 
He hugged Brianna closely and said something in her ear, then released her looking at his watch.
“McNally!” he shouted.
Coach slapped Toby on the shoulder with a lopsided, evil grin and stepped over the mushrooms into the ring. He walked over to the stone bench in the middle of the fairy circle and sat down. Suddenly, he was no longer there. I blinked, but it didn’t help, he had vanished!
“Woah!” I heard Toby whisper.
“Brianna,” he said.
Brianna took a deep breath and stepped into the ring, then walked over and tentatively sat on the bench. A moment later, she was no longer there either.
“Magi,” he said. 
My heart hammered into my throat. I wanted to go with her, or stop her from going. She reached out and squeezed my arm, then stepped away from me into the ring and walked over to the bench. She looked back at me as she sat, then she was gone!
“Jake,” he said, “then Toby.”
Heart still pounding furiously, I leapt over the mushrooms and ran to the bench as fast as I could under the extreme weight of the backpack. With an effort of will, I sat down.


Chp. 8

If you’ve been to the beach and been hit by a wave and tumbled mercilessly through the pounding surf, you have an inkling of what it felt like. We called it “getting the May-Tag” when we went bodysurfing at Huntington Beach. You just had to close your eyes, hold your breath, and ride it out, hoping you would eventually come to the surface. That’s what I did.
Currents pulled and whipped me around like a rag-doll. The backpack strapped on my shoulders and waist twisted and jerked, but it didn’t come off. I pulled my arms into my body, my stomach queasy. I risked opening my eyes and saw the long narrow light filled tube I was falling through. The shining, throbbing cylinder twisted left and right, up and down like some bizarre, otherworldly water slide. Suddenly, there was unbelievably bright flash of light, and I was deposited out of the tube, onto a rough stone slab.
I took a deep breath as Coach McNally helped me off the flat stone and onto my feet. I had difficulty seeing and blinked furiously, my eyes watering as I fought to make out images.
“Going to puke kid?” he laughed, standing away from me.
Out of shear will to defy the bastard, I held back the contents of my stomach. Ivy ran up and gave me a warm hug. I held onto her tightly, catching my breath, willing my sight back. Was I imagining it, or was her skin glowing lightly? Maybe it was just an afterimage caused by the blinding flash. As my eyes adjusted, and I could see clearly again, I realized it was no afterimage. Ivy was glowing a soft shade of purple.
“Held your breath eh?” laughed McNutty, walking away from us, down a little hill to an enormous tree trunk, where Brianna sat with her head between her knees.
“You okay, Jake?” whispered Ivy not letting go of me either.
“Okay as I can be after…whatever that was.”
Slowly, we separated, but Ivy held onto my hand. As I looked down at her, she smiled up at me with that impish grin of hers which recently had taken on a whole new meaning to me. Why was she glowing!
“You’re, you’re glowing!” I stammered, the words pouring out before I could think of a better way to say them.
 “So are you,” she said, smiling even more brightly. God what a smile! What? I was glowing?
I looked down at my right hand. I was glowing! My whole arm had a light blue aura to it. I looked down at where our hands joined, a visible white light leaked out between our fingers.
“Holy crap!” I breathed. What the hell was going on?
“Mom said it would be like this.”
“What? She told you I’d freak out?” This was just too weird.
“No silly! That we’d be able to see the magic here.”
“What magic? I just seeing us glowing, and where our hands are... where we’re holding...” I spluttered.
“It’s white right?” Ivy interjected.
“Yeah, it’s white…  soft white! Why?” I asked.
Ivy smiled mischievously, and promptly ignored my question, leading me down the hill away from the large slab of granite, towards where McNally crouched beside Brianna. Brianna looked up, saw us coming, and tried to smile. McNally wiped her brow. She looked miserable. 
I looked around in disbelief as we walked towards them. We were in a glade surrounded by impossibly huge trees of a type I’d never seen before. It was as if I’d been reduced to the size of an ant. I’d been to Sequoia National Park and seen the world’s tallest trees, they were saplings compared to the trees towering up into the sky around me now. The trunk of the tree that Brianna huddled against was easily seventy-five feet across, and from what I could tell; it was one of the smaller trees edging the clearing. The bark of the tree was a rich, dappled brown and so smooth it would have been impossible to climb. I could smell the richness of the tree’s bark, feel its strength as we drew nearer.
It was then, that I noticed that I felt lighter. Somehow the pack wasn’t nearly as heavy. How could the pack have become so light? Did this place, wherever it was, have less gravity? It was all too weird.
We stopped in front of Brianna and McNally, and Ivy let go of my hand kneeling down beside Brianna and putting an arm around her. I stood there staring. Ivy’s beauty out-shown even one of the best looking girls in school, true, she was glowing, and Brianna was obviously sick from the trip through the wormhole, or whatever it was… still. How could I have been so blind?
McNally stood up, leaving Brianna to Ivy’s care and stepped over to me. “He’s sending people every hour or so by my reckoning.”
I looked at my watch. 
Coach laughed, “Your watch don’t work here, Gunn. Technology is useless in this world.”
“How’s that possible? It’s mechanical, how does that stop working? Do levers and pulleys not work here either?”
“Only simple mechanics. The more complex they get, the more the magic of this realm repels them from each other,” he grunted. 
“Really...” I breathed. 
What he suggested wasn’t possible? Magic cancelled out the laws of mechanical physics? It was absurd, but so was his reference to time being different. 
We hadn’t sat on the bench more than fifteen seconds apart, yet an hour had gone by here? I tried to wrap my brain around it the best I could. Obviously something had happened on the way here, wherever here was. 
“Where are we coach?” I asked. “I’ve never seen trees like these before.” 
McNally laughed, the sound was like a combination of gargling and an asthmatic wheezing. “This is the other side of the looking glass, Alice! This place has got a lot of names. Call it whatever you want, it doesn’t matter.”
I shook my head, ignoring his ‘Alice’ remark, trying to keep my sanity intact.
“Put your game face on, Gunn, and toughen up! It’s not going to be easy getting to the estate, and I’m not going to pamper your sorry ass the whole way!”
God I hated him challenging me. He always made remarks implying that everyone around him was a loser. I’d had enough of his bullshit!
“Worry about yourself!” I growled. “I’m not the one trying to becoming a vampire.”
Coach’s eyebrows went up at my words. I’d never really talked back to him before. No one talked back to Coach. 
“No, you’re the supposedly immortal, teen douche bag that’s been sent here to fight a demon.”
He saw me wince, and looked me up and down once. 
“Maybe when the others arrive I can arrange a pity party for you, Gunn. You best stop feeling sorry for yourself and get your shit straight,” he said, then turned his back on me, and marched back up the hill to the granite table.
God I hated him, it bore repeating.

I was sitting with Ivy and Brianna when I heard Coach’s insane cackling on top of the hill. A moment later, he came down leading Carla, who was pale and a bit dazed. She sat next to us on the loamy soil and leaned against the soft, smooth bark of the massive tree.  
“That sucked!” was all she could say.
“I puked all over!” offered Brianna by way of consolation.
Ivy pulled something out of her daypack, and told Carla to chew it. She must have done the same with Brianna when I was talking to coach, because Brianna was chewing something as well, and looked much better.
When Carla had recovered a bit she looked at Ivy more closely.
“Ivy, you’re… you’re glowing!” she breathed, “Why are you glowing purple?”
Then she looked at me. “Frickin A, Jake, you’re glowing too! Kind of blue.”
I shrugged, and then listened as Ivy gave Carla the same brief explanation she’d given me. I looked down at my hands. Somewhere behind the colossal trees on the other side of the clearing, the sun was going down. The soft blue radiance attached to my skin seemed even more apparent as it got darker. I turned my hands over, reminded of the blue aura that had enveloped the knight before he vanished. Was I going to glow when I returned too? My parents were going to have a fit! Forget about ever going to see a movie again. Why didn’t Carla, Brianna or Coach glow? I had too many questions. I picked one that would change the subject of auras and glowing magic.
“Ivy what is this place really called? You called that fairy ring a gateway to the other side last night, and Coach hinted that it was called other things. What is it really? Is it earth?”
Ivy looked up from beside Carla and shrugged. “It is earth, and not earth. It’s hard to explain. I don’t really understand it all either. Mother says there are a number of other realms that are connected and coexist with ours, but Coach McNally is right, this realm is called a lot of different things. Mother calls it Athenas,” she said with a far away look on her face. “What I do know is that this is the land the Fae escaped to when mankind grew too strong on earth.”
“What are the Fae? You mean fairies like in the Scottish and Irish legends? The Sidhe?” Carla asked her head still between her knees.
“The Fae is just a term meaning creatures of magic Carla,” said Ivy. “Using the Scottish or Irish word for it really isn’t correct. Sorry.”
“So we aren’t going to find leprechauns guarding pots of gold at the end of rainbows?” Carla snickered.
I couldn’t help but laugh. Leave it to Carla or Toby to find a reason to laugh.
“I really doubt it, though most legends from around the world have some truth to them,” said Ivy joining in our laughter. “I don’t think we’ll be finding pots of gold, or leprechauns.” 

Toby arrived after a bit, and trudged down the hill with Coach. I was relieved that he was here, wherever here was.
“I’m hungry,” he announced as Carla got slowly to her feet and greeted him with a kiss on the cheek.
“Figures!” snorted Carla snuggling up against him.
“Damn!” Coach cursed stomping his booted foot. “It’s going to be dark soon, and we have a long ways to go. Get a sweater or jacket on and lets get moving!”
Brianna took her duffle bag from Toby. How he managed to hold onto it through that maelstrom I had no clue. She pulled three hooded sweatshirts out of it. Toby and I looked at one another and shrugged, we didn’t have sweaters or jackets. Even though it had been cold and wet, both of us had gone to Ivy’s house wearing only tee shirts and jeans.
Coach grumbled something under his breath, and rummaged through the pack on Toby’s back. He pulled out a couple of grey woolen sweaters and handed them to us. From a side pocket on the pack, he retrieved a small crystal, then held it out to Ivy, who had slipped a cardinal red USC sweatshirt over her head.
“Do your thing mage,” he ordered as Toby and I took off our packs and donned the itchy wool.
I watched as Ivy tentatively reached out and touched the crystal. A tiny dot of white light appeared in the center of the crystal and grew brighter. I stared, slack jawed in amazement, sweater half way on, as her touch called forth the light. After a moment, Ivy drew back her hand. Coach grunted in satisfaction and tied the crystal to a long walking stick leaning nearby against the tree trunk. Ordering us to follow, he started off into the trees, the light from the crystal shining out around us like a lantern. Shaking my head, as if that would wake me up from this bizarre dream, I hurriedly finished pulling on the sweater and shouldered my pack once more.

Toby and I fell in behind the girls, with Coach McNally leading the way. We marched along a lightly worn animal path, as night settled in around us. After the quiet of the clearing, I was shocked by the sounds of the woods. Birds called to one another high above us in the branches, unseen creatures scurried for cover just out of the range of the light. Toby and I exchanged several nervous looks as we walked, but didn’t speak. No one spoke. The sound of our passage through the dark woods seemed extraordinarily loud, as it was. Leaves and small branches crackled and snapped under our feet. 
Large drops of dew fell from the darkness far above, moistening the loamy forest floor. Soil and leaves clung tenaciously to my high top Addidas as we continued along the barely discernable path. Beyond the circle of light given off by the crystal, shadows danced around the massive trunks of the trees we passed. The trail dodged about and under fallen branches so large they would have taken a crane to move, and around huge boulders, covered in phosphorescent red and gold lichen. After hiking for what felt like several hours through the wondrous forest, Coach halted at a clearing near a small, gurgling brook.
“Stow your packs boys, find the canteens, then fill them in that creek,” he ordered gruffly, pointing at depression that ran through the far side of the clearing. 
I squirmed out of the backpack and set it on the rich, leaf covered loam of the forest floor against a small, lichen-covered boulder. The girls sat down ungracefully, clearly tired and thankful for a rest. I opened my pack and found two canteens on top of several canvas wrapped bundles. Toby had recovered another from his pack. Leaving our backpacks with the group, we walked over to the babbling rivulet just inside our circle of light, and began filling the canteens in the icy cold water.
“Jake,” Toby whispered. “I hate to tell you this dude, but you’re glowing. Is your pregnancy causing any weird cravings yet, bud? Ivy is glowing too. You want to tell me anything?”
I looked over at my huge friend who was grinning broadly, his cheeks flushed from the hike. Leave it to Toby to imply something sexual even under circumstances such as these. Bastard. 
I rolled my eyes and chuckled. “Of course not!” I whispered back, too irritated to blush. I scooped up a handful of water and sipped it. It was clean and totally refreshing. I didn’t realize I was so thirsty. I drank some more then splashed some on my face and neck.
“Well, its kind of strange that you two are the only ones,” he continued undaunted. “I wonder if Carla and I would glow if we…”
“Can it you two!” interrupted Coach, “Voices carry in these woods, and we don’t want to draw any more attention than we already have!”
I swallowed. Was Coach implying that we were being watched? Great! Just great!
Toby and I looked around as we finished filling the canteens. I couldn’t see anything past ten yards or so beyond the light. We hurried back to the girls and coach.
“Everyone drink, but not too much,” Coach McNally commanded roughly, taking one of the canteens I held and handing it to Brianna. “We may have to run at some point people, and I don’t want anyone unable to keep up because of a side ache.”
“You can run, Coach?” snickered Toby.
“It may be too late to run.” Ivy said standing up and looking around.
I followed her gaze out to the fringes of the light given off by the crystal on coach’s walking stick. A dozen or more lightly glowing, hooded figures stood between the trees in a circle around us. I cursed lightly, and moved to stand nearer to Ivy and the other girls.


Chp. 9

As if acting upon some silent cue, the lithe figures stepped fully into the light of the crystal.
Brianna dropped the canteen I had filled and let out a muted scream. McNally grunted loudly, and drew a rusty, old, marine Kbar knife from somewhere inside his jacket.
“Toby, I don’t think were in Kansas anymore!” Carla whispered, standing up as well. 

They appeared to be men at first glance. They were the size of men, though the tallest was shorter than me by several inches. Upon closer inspection, I noticed the pointed ears and angular features on one whose hood had fallen back. Aside from his dark, curly hair, he looked like an elf straight out of the ‘Lord of the Rings’ movie Toby had dragged me to see. I would have been fascinated, if it weren’t so surreal and frightening. He wore an embroidered, forest green tunic and matching cloak as did the others. Several held bows at the ready, arrows notched and pointing at us. Those not holding bows had their hands upon the hilts of swords hanging on their belts.
Two of armed individuals nearest Ivy and I stepped apart, and a taller more regal elf-like creature stepped through the ring surrounding us, accompanied by a female. They both glowed amber as well, but more brightly than the others. Their clothing was similar to the rest of their group, but more richly embroidered with silver and gold thread that reflected back the light from the crystal. They pulled back their hoods as they stopped in front of us. 
The female had her dark hair pulled back and a white bow secured across her back. She regarded us gravely with her golden, piercing eyes. She was shorter than the others and quite beautiful in an exotic way.
The male was as handsome as the female was beautiful. His long light brown hair flowed over his broad shoulders. Crystal blue eyes considered each of us as he tapped nervously on the jeweled pommel of the sword at his waist. He had the air of someone used to command. He was obviously the group’s leader.
“Draeni du thistlor al benari?” he said, nodding slightly at Ivy, his liquid voice filling the air.
When we didn’t respond, the female spoke, her voice higher and more musical. “Why do you bring these death drinkers into our wood mage?”
“We’re just travelers elf! Leave us be, we’ve a long journey ahead of us,” spat Coach stepping to my side.
What the hell was he doing? Didn’t he see their swords and arrows? The idiot was going to get us all killed, or worse.
The female elf scowled at Coach as she relayed his words to their leader. The leader listened to her interpretation and frowned darkly. 
He pointed at Coach, sneering. “Niznail dar Grellac benari! Darthain pr suol parthkalis!”
The female didn’t bother hiding her venom as she interpreted his words.
“Dark blood, death drinker, you will show respect to your betters or die where you stand.”
Coach growled deeply like some feral beast, waving his dagger menacingly.
“Do all travelers get this kind of welcome, elf? Bows bent, hands awaiting a signal to slaughter?” he complained, his eyes bulging.
The leader blanched even before Coach’s words were repeated in his tongue, and growled out his own words to the female.
“Death drinkers are never welcomed in our lands, dark blood. It is death for you to come here. We would have killed you already had you not been in the company of mages,” she said, and then listened to the leader again. “We will not speak to you further.”
She turned to Ivy and bowed lightly. “Know this magi, it is against our laws for them to enter our wood,” she said.
Ivy returned her bow, “As repulsive as he may be, he is our guide, and the other is a friend. We only wish safe passage through your lands. Forgive us if we’ve offered offense. Time flies against us.”
I listened to Ivy speak, amazed at her put down of Coach, of her composure, more sure with each second that she was way out of my league. The elven woman relayed the message to the leader who stepped forward and bowed as well, then spoke softly for a moment with the female.
“Prince Halifor says that Death Drinkers have offered great offense to our people, thus the bane against them entering our woodland realm, even if it is just through this northern most arm of it. Please speak of this need pressing upon you, that you would allow yourself to be guided by one so lowly as him.”
“She’s not leading this mission elf, I am!” Coach McNally shouted vehemently, taking a step forward.
The leader’s gesture was insignificant, but I saw it, and I saw the bowmen behind him release his arrow. I stepped to my left and reached out in reflex catching the speeding shaft, its deadly, razor sharp crystal arrowhead less than an inch away from Coach’s unprotected chest.
“Holy shit!” Toby bellowed.
Astonished, muted gasps erupted around the clearing, at what had just happened, registered on the elves, and on my friends.
I looked at the reddish-brown arrow in my brightly glowing hand in amazement. How did I do that? I could catch arrows? What the hell? I dropped the arrow at my feet as wave of panic rushed over me. I could hardly breathe. 
The Prince held up his hands immediately, eyes wide and staring. No more arrows were loosed. He whispered something to the female who bowed towards me.
“My prince begs your forgiveness, Immortal, he did not know who you were.”
I managed a nod at the woman and another to the Prince. “Either do I,” I whispered, my voice cracking in the cool night air. 
Ivy’s hand gently reached out and pulled me closer. I let myself be pulled, still in shock at what I’d done, trying to control my breathing. Her arm circled my waist. It was all too much. I knew there were martial artist who caught arrows, but in seven years of doing Aikido with my father’s club, I’d never been taught to catch one.
 The leader listened to the female, his eyes growing even wider at my admission. He brought a hand up and rubbed his chin in thought.
“Stay tough, Gunn, don’t loose it now! You can’t trust elves. This ain’t over,” growled Coach backing away towards Brianna.
 But it was.
After considering for a moment, the elven prince made another gesture, and the elves around us lowered their bows, removed arrows from strings, and hands from the hilts of swords. Without a word, and without making a sound, they melted back into the darkness of the woods. Alone with his interpreter, the prince strode confidently across the distance separating us and smiled, then reached out slowly and placed a hand lightly on the my shoulder.
“Dauth nae prerothna mon dui clausthima,” he said with a crooked smile. “Shura waynok toj Mathonos.”
“My prince says that you are a light brought into a troubled, darkened world, Immortal, that is who you are. He says you are free to travel through our realm or even stay here if you wish,” said the female elf respectfully.
I managed a short bow, and his smile widened.
“Thank you for your kindness,” Ivy said, “But our need is great and we can not stay.”
“Then we will guide you to the edge of our realm if that is your wish, it is but two leagues away. There we will say our goodbyes. But know this, we will not allow the Death Drinkers passage back through our woods. Ever.”

Toby helped me shoulder my pack, and we followed Prince Halifor through their incredible forest. Ivy and the female elf, who said her name was Andorthil, spoke quietly as we walked. I couldn’t hear what they said, but they glanced back furtively at me several times. I didn’t really care; I was too stunned by everything that was happening. I’d been on a cosmic inner tube ride, caught an arrow, and was being guided through an amazing, but bizarre forest in a strange land by elves. That, and, oh yeah, I glowed. I was in shock. 
I felt as if I were in a living dream during the six or so mile hike out of the wood. It was as if our being in the great wood was accepted now that we were accompanied by Elves. The forest around us exploded into life. Strange humming birds-like flying creatures, reflecting bright red and orange, swirled in large and small groups around the massive trucks of trees. Beautiful, phosphorescent, butterflies glided and dipped on unseen currents of air above our heads. Fireflies flashed lights in a whole rainbow of colors trying to signal a mate. Small animals paused to watch us, allowing the light of the crystal to touch them. It was all a part of a magical, fantastic dream, a dream I looked forward to waking up from, preferably in my own bed.
 We were trooping along under the gigantic trees one minute, and then suddenly, we weren’t. Rolling, grass covered hills stretched out in front of us under a nearly full harvest moon. The elves that had surrounded us earlier, stood waiting along the edge of the forest, their eyes locked on Coach McNally as he approached. He quickly walked passed them and out into the moonlit grassland without saying a word. I hadn’t even heard them protecting our passage, but they obviously had. 
Ivy thanked the Prince Halifor and Andorthil for their help and promised to return someday, if it were possible. Andorthil hugged her closely, took a necklace out from beneath her tunic, unclasped it, and placed it around Ivy’s neck. Ivy gave the elven woman her crystal necklace in the same manner.
Just like that, we left the elves behind and hurried to catch up with our grumbling, cursing guide.


Chp. 10

We walked over the rolling hills under a crisp, clear, star filled sky. The moon was so bright that coach had covered the radiant crystal that had lit our path through the woods. I gazed up at the stars as we walked and was surprised to find several constellations that I knew. It added to the mystery of where we were. They would have been different if we were on another planet. Ivy had said we were on earth, and yet not on earth. I don’t know why I was so happy to see the familiar stars, but it helped me relax.
 Just like on our journey through the forest, the girls followed behind Coach, while Toby and I brought up the rear. After we’d gotten some distance away from the forest, Toby and I paused to look back. 
We stared at the awesome spectacle of the moonlit woods behind us. Tiny lights danced high in the forest branches like fireworks and the treetops shimmered like heat waves rolling up off of a highway. The smallest of the great trees had to be over five hundred feet tall and spread out to more than two hundred feet near the top, while the larger trees must have been a thousand feet or more. These monsters of the forest unfurled enormous canopies that reminded me of great shining mushrooms as they reflected the moonlight. We had passed several tree trunks inside the woods that had been three hundred feet wide at least. They must have belonged to these massive trees.
After a moment or two, we turned away to rejoin our party.
“So…” Toby began, “you catch arrows now, eh?”
“I… guess so.”
“That was just crazy, bud! What made you think to do that anyhow? Not that I wanted to see Coach McNally skewered, but he should have died back there or at least had a serious case of heartburn.”
I shook my head. 
“I just did it. It was a reflex.”
“Some reflex, Jake-O,” he laughed. “And here I thought it was my job to protect the quarterback.”
“Guess you’ll have to learn to throw a ball then,” I snickered. Toby couldn’t throw a ball to save his life. He could snap back a perfect spiral to the punter, or to me in shotgun formations, but throw a ball over hand… not so much.
“Yeah, right! Can you imagine me at quarterback?” he laughed. “You ever catch an arrow in your father’s Aikido class?”
“Never, you’d know that if you’d gone to more than a couple of classes,” I countered.
I’d talked Toby into coming a couple of times. It was hard for him to use finesse when holding onto someone that he could just pick up off the ground, and heave through the air. During his first visit, nearly the entire class had tried to see if they could lock up one of his joints, it was impossible, he was just too big, and too strong to be manipulated.
“The Gi was too small. It restricted my most massive guns, that… and my belly kept popping out!” he laughed.
“Too bad Carla wasn’t there for a Youtube exclusive.” 
We joked back and forth as we hiked, and caught up to the group pretty quickly. It was so good to have Toby here, like the stars above, he was a constant, and my world needed constants right then.
We stopped several times to rest. At each stop Coach snarled some order to Toby and I. The hills had become more flat as we descended, and the grass higher. We were still heading slightly downhill when we saw the first planted fields and farmhouses in the distance. Coach picked a path to avoid the well-maintained farms. Even though the moon shone with a radiance that lit the fields, I couldn’t tell what any of the crops were. At one point I could have sworn I smelled carrots, but I couldn’t be sure looking at the neat rows of the field we were walking past. The foliage didn’t look like the carrots my Grandmother grew.
 We had passed an exceptionally large field that smelled like broccoli when Coach cackled loudly and headed for a low stone building in the middle of a different field to our right. We soon found ourselves on a wagon-grooved dirt road leading up to the small stone building. A dog started barking loudly as we drew closer, and light appeared suddenly in the building’s windows. 
Coach urged us forward with grumbling curses, ignoring the threat a fiercely barking dog usually represents. We kept moving until we stood before the building’s heavy oak door. A large, brindle colored hound was tied to a post near the door, barking and growling as if the devil himself had arrived. 
The oaken door in front of us opened and a short pudgy woman stepped into the doorway.
“What are you about so late. Be gone or I’ll let loose the dog,” she piped.
“Our master wouldn’t be happy if his daughter were to be bitten by your scruffy old dog woman,” spat Coach McNally, his humor not much improved since nearly being punctured by an elven arrow.
“He’s not my Master, you crusty old duffer!” the woman said frowning.
“Be quiet you old crone!” Coach barked at the woman. “I don’t have time for this.”
“Well then, get in here, husband, and quit your griping you flatulent old goat!” she scolded disappearing inside.
Toby and I stared at each other in disbelief and shared a silent laugh. Coach had a wife? Here? It was hard to believe anyone would even consider marrying him, much less go through with it.
Coach steered well away from the large hound as we walked up the stairs on onto the porch. The dog wanted nothing more than to get its teeth into him. Carla walked right up to the snarling dog and knelt down in front of it. The brindle-colored hound cocked his head at her, then forgot all about Coach and began licking her face.
Toby rolled his eyes at me as we walked past Carla and entered the farmhouse.
The building contained one large flagstone floored room with a sunken fire pit in the middle. Low flames licked the bottom of a large clay pot hanging in the center of the pit. Smoke rose lazily up to a hole in the roof where it was pulled out into the night. The sparse room smelled of many things, but mostly ashes, mold, and pea soup. A dirty, white hen sat on a straw stuffed bed built into an uneven stone frame in one corner. Close to the bed, a few wooden chairs surrounded a poorly made, thick, wooden table. The table was empty save for a couple of thick old books, their leather covers faded with age. 
A kitchen of sorts was built into the wall opposite the fire pit. Atop the kitchen counter sat several poorly glazed bowls filled to overflowing with a variety of herbs. Above what looked like a sink, several wooden shelves had been set into the rock wall. The shelves were packed tightly with a huge assortment of glass jars filled with a varied collection of colored liquids and powders. 
On the other side of the room, four canvas cots with folded blankets on top sat in a neat row. 
“I got your message you mangy old coot,” said the women rummaging around in the kitchen. “The soup is done, and I’ll have some smoked sausages and bread ready in good order.”
Mrs. McNally’s hair was gray, and she wore a thick, blue canvas apron tied in the back with rough twine. She bustled back and forth preparing the meal.
“Pick out a cot and take a load off.” Coach McNally ordered gruffly, shuffling over to the straw bed, kicking off his dirty army boots, and flopping face down next to the hen. He was snoring before his head hit the burlap pillow. 
His wife shook her head. “Doddering old fossil.”
Ivy and Carla asked Mrs. McNally if they could help in any way, and she declined with a pleasant smile.
There were only four cots and five of us. Toby and I took off our packs as the girls went over to the cots to decide the sleeping arrangements. We leaned the packs up against the wall, near the door and went over to where the girls now sat in quiet conversation. We were informed that Toby and Carla were to share a cot, though I didn’t know how they would manage it, the cot wasn’t big enough for Toby by himself. Brianna, Ivy and I would get our own cots.
“Don’t get many visitors… and only see that snoring, old windbag a couple of times a year, if then. Never had a need for more than three chairs,” she called from the kitchen area. “You young folk mind sitting where you’re at to eat?”
“Not at all,” Brianna said cheerfully.
Mrs. McNally brought us steaming bowls of pea soup, a plate of sausages and a couple of loaves of bread. I didn’t realize how hungry I was, and dug in with a vengeance. To my delight, the soup was delicious, the smoked sausages amazing and the bread was better than a master baker could have managed. As we ate, the cherub-faced Goodwife brought over clay mugs filled with foamy, homemade beer.  
I honestly can’t say I’ve had a better meal in my life. I’m not a drinker at all, but I didn’t say no when Mrs. McNally refilled my mug several times during the meal. The beer tasted absolutely wonderful and was marvelously thirst quenching. I had three bowls of the soup before all was said and done. 
The long hike and the events of the day had me totally worn out. I eyed my cot lovingly.
“Jake and I will see to the dishes!” insisted Ivy giggling at me. I swallowed a groan and followed her sleepily into the kitchen.

Mrs. McNally refused to let us do all of the cleaning and labored with us to wash the bowls and plates in a large copper washbasin. It wasn’t long before everything was clean. Under McNally’s plump little wife’s direction, I carried the incredibly heavy, water filled brass basin outside, dumped it out, and wiped it down. When I brought the basin back in, Ivy and the old women were talking like best friends at the thick wooden table, ignoring Coach’s nearby snores.
Looking up at me, Mrs. McNally nodded in appreciation. “I normally have to make five trips with two buckets to do that young man. Must be nice to be so young and strong.”
 I shrugged off the compliment, too tired to be embarrassed, set the washbasin down in its place and headed for the cots on the far side of the room. Everyone was fast asleep. I pulled my dirty Addidas off trying not to make too much of a mess, and collapsed onto my cot. As much as I hated mimicking Coach, I was sure I’d be asleep before my head came to rest. I wasn’t wrong.

A gentle, but firm hand shook me softly awake. I grudgingly opened my eyes and looked up. I was greeted by Mrs. McNally’s warm smile.
“If it’s not too much of a bother young man, would you mind chopping some wood so I can make breakfast?”
I nodded, rolled off of the cot, muscles complaining, put my shoes on and headed for the door. I walked out into the chill morning air, shutting the door quietly behind me. I looked around in the pre-dawn light and saw an axe sticking out of a stump near where I had dumped the water the night before. I walked over to it and saw the piled sections of wood nearby. 
I’d never chopped wood before, but I’d seen it done on TV and in the movies. I picked a piece of wood, set it on its end on the stump and grabbed the axe. After a few horribly ineffective swings, I got the hang of splitting the wood. It felt good to exercise. After only a few minutes, I had worked the stiffness out of my muscles. I cut enough for the day, and then cut enough so Mrs. McNally wouldn’t have to worry about chopping any more for a while.
I returned with a huge armful of wood as the others were beginning to wake up. I set the wood down by the fire pit. Mrs. McNally nodded, pleased at the size of the wood, and set out some other chores for me to do.
I watered and fed the plow horses in a small barn, took the dog for a short walk, and gathered eggs from a chicken coup. When I returned, Ivy smiled brightly at me from the kitchen and then walked over to me.
“Good morning Dear Heart,” she grinned. “You better wash up, you don’t want to start out the day smelling like that, do you?”
I sighed and went back outside to the well, took off the itchy sweater, my shirt, pulled out a bucket of water, and washed myself the best I could with the cold water. The sun had just started to peer over the horizon, when I was joined by Toby, who had also been ordered to wash before breakfast.
“You would think that hiking like this, we’d get a break from having to be clean,” he said, then he lifted a bucket up and poured it over his head, soaking his tee shirt. He sputtered and shook his huge frame. “Always wanted to do that.” 
I laughed at him. 
“Meet your expectations?”
“On the contrary, I feel no need to ever do it again,” he said shivering.

Coach was in a positively surly mood when we returned for breakfast. He downed a tankard or two of beer, popped a raw egg into his mouth and bit down, then spat out the pieces of the shell. After eating a couple of eggs this way, he stormed out of the building.
“Old relic never was a morning person.” Mrs. McNally grinned.
“That egg thing is so disgusting!” Brianna said.
“Just gross,” Carla agreed.
“Won’t that make you sick?” Toby asked.
Mrs. McNally shrugged, “He’s been doing that for forty years, so I guess not. You know children, it still turns my stomach, even after all this time.”

After we’d eaten an amazing breakfast and cleaned up, Coach returned. He gave Toby and I a dirtier scowl than normal.
“Gather the packs, put them in the wagon out front,” he grumbled, “then get your pansy ass’ back in here on the double!”
We did as he asked, wedging the packs in back of an old buckboard filled with large barrels. I recognized the old horses attached to wagon as ones I’d fed earlier. 
“What’s in the barrels?” Toby wondered aloud.
I shrugged, and we headed back inside. The girls were each wearing a drab, brown leather tunic and pants along with tan, hooded capes. Toby and I looked at them as Coach’s wife helped them adjust the clothing properly. I missed Ivy’s last outfit. It had been part of her transformation.
 Coach called us over to a corner of the room and handed us similar clothing to what the girls were wearing. Crouching down, he removed a flagstone from the floor revealing a secret compartment. He reached down into the hole and with a grunt of effort lifted out what appeared to be an enormous, shortened, metal sledgehammer and with an effort, pushed it over the floor to Toby. 
It was by far the biggest, scariest hammer I’d ever seen. Runes written in some bizarre script were etched into the huge head. It looked like something Thor might wield in battle. Its haft was perhaps two feet long and made of some kind of smooth white wood wrapped with braided leather near the grip. A loop of leather hung off the end of the handle. 
Coach reached into the compartment once more and pulled out a long bundle and tossed it at my feet.
“If you lose these, it will be on your heads!” he snapped, pulling the flagstone back into place. “Now get dressed slackers, we leave in five.” 

Toby picked up the gargantuan hammer at his feet with ease. “All I need now is a Viking helmet,” he joked spinning the war hammer in his hand. “What did Santa give you?”
I snickered and reached down picking up the bundle. It was light. I set the clothes I’d been handed on a cot nearby, and unwrapped the leather bundle, revealing a sword sheathed in a well-worn, leather scabbard, attached to a simple leather belt. The hilt of the three-and-a-half-foot sword was remarkably crafted. The cross-guard shone like stainless steel and was skillfully designed to resemble twin birds, the grip was inset with what looked like mother of pearl, and a light blue stone glowed from the pommel. It looked like something that belonged in a museum, or rich person’s collection, not in a plain, unadorned scabbard.
“Its beautiful,” I gasped.
“Let’s get dressed D’Artagnan,” Toby laughed. “Wonder if Coach got us the right sizes. I’m thinking, no way.”
I smiled and shook my head setting the sword on the cot next to the clothes. What I was going to do with a sword I had absolutely no clue.
“I guess that makes you Porthos,” I shot back.
“I’ll stick with Conan or Thor, thank you very much.”

Mrs. McNally shooed the girls outside, and Toby and I got dressed. How Coach had picked out clothing that fit us was beyond me. The outfit felt strange, and when I strapped on the sword, I couldn’t help but feel like I was ready to go to a costume party. Once we were dressed, Toby picked up Brianna’s expensive duffle bag, and we went outside.

“I will not ride while the others walk, McNally!” Brianna argued.
“You’ll do as your told!” snapped Coach, glowering at her.
We had emerged from the stone building and into a heated argument. Toby threw the duffle bag next to the packs in the back of the wagon, by the large wooden casks.
“Don’t count on it!” Bri responded. “I’ll take my turn walking, and that is final.”
Coach growled loudly. He was always growling it seemed. He growled in the weight room, he growled in the locker room, growled on the field, growled in the forest, even growled at his wife.
He grimaced, nodding, “Fine, lady Brianna. But you will ride next to me when we enter the city, and THAT is final!”
Brianna smiled contently. “Okay.”
Coach rolled his eyes, then looked around at us all. “When we get near the city, pull your hoods over your heads. The idea here is to blend in people.”
“I’m glad there is a Foot Locker there, because I was worried my Nike’s might drawn attention,” Carla said dryly, looking at her running shoes.
Coach growled again. His wife laughed lightly.
Toby hid a giggle with his hand and tapped his Nike’s against hers in a camaraderie salute.
I looked down at my Addidas. The dirty white leather stuck out like a sore thumb.


Chp.11

Coach’s wife gave each of us a hug and made us promise to visit her again, then went back inside with tears in her eyes. I was oddly touched by her goodbye. It was unbelievable that someone so nice could be married to someone so disgusting. My heart went out to her.
 Carla offered to take the first turn sitting on the wagon seat next to Coach McNally. She was a genius at more than just technology, she was absolutely brilliant at pissing people off. She obviously thought Coach hadn’t had enough yet, and she was undoubtedly prepared to give him some more. I had experienced her dry, sometimes cutting wit many times. Even so, I couldn’t feel sorry for Coach McNally, he was deserving of whatever she might give and more. I heard her ask Coach absently about visiting a payless shoe store as Toby helped her up. McNally started the wagon forward before I could hear his response. Brianna, Ivy, Toby and I laughed quietly as we followed behind the wagon on foot. 
Pursuing a wagon, even one pulled by old plow horses is tiring since the pace is somewhere between a walk and a very slow jog. I didn’t realize how fast it was going to move, and found myself stretching out my stride to keep up. After a few minutes we all got used to it enough to talk normally without getting out of breath. 

The sun rose quickly, lighting the fields, and the variety of homes in the distance. It began to warm up as we walked slightly downhill into a wide valley. The road we were on, if it could be called that, joined up with one larger and obviously more traveled. The sporadic farmhouses of the grasslands gave way to fields packed tightly against one another. Acres of fruit and nut orchards stood between fields of cabbage, lettuce, carrots and onions. The smells varied from field to field. Lazy smoke drifted up from mostly stone farmhouses, both large and small.
Sometime before noon, we stopped for a rest and a bite to eat in the shade of a walnut orchard that flanked the road on either side. Toby and I passed around the canteens filled with water we’d taken from the brook in the forest. Coach tossed a large hunk of cheese to Toby who caught it and began to pass it around. Carla jumped down, and walked painfully back to the wagon’s tailgate, a satisfied look on her face.
“Somewhere there’s a tweety bird missing,” Toby said winking at his petite girlfriend.
“He deserved it, his wife was lovely,” Carla said.
“She certainly was,” Brianna agreed grinning.
“Did you harass him the entire time?” I asked, shaking my head and chuckling.
Carla raised her eyebrow at me as if I should know better. “Who’s next?”
“Bri,” Ivy said quickly.
Brianna rolled her eyes. “He’s going to make me ride with him when we get to a town. You go Ivy, I’ll get a...”
“Brianna! We’ll be entering Lockewood within the hour. You’re with me.” Coach shouted, rummaged through the packs Toby and I had been carrying.
After a few minutes searching he jumped down from the back of the wagon and walked over to where we sat along the side of the road and handed us two pieces of canvas and two long leather cords each.
“Wrap those around your sneakers and tie them up,” he said. “We’ll hit the main road into Lockewood in a few minutes. There is sure to be traffic on it. When someone approaches, move to the opposite side of the wagon from him or her and don’t speak, understand? The disguise may work for a casual inspection, but your accents will give us away for sure. We’ll stop outside of the city. I’ll go in alone and get you all traveling boots at a cobblers.”
“We’re from California. We don’t have accents mate.” Toby argued with an Australian accent.
Coach glowered at him. “You do here dipshit!

We did our best to wrap the strips of canvas around our sneakers and to bind them securely with the cords. When we were all finished, Coach inspected our work and grunted his satisfaction. He pointed at the wagon to Brianna. She shrugged at Ivy, and went around the wagon to the front, accepting Coach’s hand up onto the wooden seat. 

Toby and I stowed the canteens in our packs, and we set off once more down the road. Just past an almond orchard, the road we were traveling on met the main road into Lockewood. Coach turned the wagon to the left onto the stone paved road. We hadn’t been on the wide road more than ten minutes when, a pair of riders appeared in the distance on the road in front of us. Toby, Carla, Ivy and I made our way to the side of the wagon nearest an onion field. As they approached I noticed they wore uniforms. 
“Pull your hoods over your heads, and don’t look at them if they stop!” ordered Coach McNally.
We all pulled the baggy tan hoods over our faces as the riders drew nearer, their horses at the trot. 
As they approached they guided their mounts to a walk. I could see from beneath my baggy hood that they were human. Each man wore a black uniform with a Coat of arms on the chest, a topaz blue cape edged in fur, and held a slim lance couched in a cup attached to their stirrup of their saddle. Pinions of black and blue dressed the shiny metal tips of their lances. Each had a sword at his belt and a shield bearing a similar crest was attached to the back of their saddles.
I looked down hiding my face as they stopped in front of us. McNally pulled back on the reins and set the wagon brake as they stopped.
“What do you want?” Coach spat, “I’ve got to get this beer to The Pregnant Wench before supper!”
I groaned, and glanced out from under my hood. Coach was going to cause yet another scene.
“Whoa you old codger. Where are your manners?” asked one of the men as they moved their horses forward alongside the wagon. He looked at Brianna and smiled. “Not even an introduction?” 
“I’m McNallus,” Coach growled in response.
The guard frowned, his eye roaming over us, and then saw the large casks.
“The brewmeister McNallus?”
“The same,” Coach sighed impatiently.
“We should have a sample to make sure he is who he says he is Falch,” said the other guard.
“We would be remiss indeed if we didn’t,” agreed the man closest to Coach, smiling.
Coach grumbled and stood up. Lifting aside a flap in front of his tunic, he began to pee towards the guard. The guard cursed and sidestepped his mount into his companion’s mount, trying to get away from the stream of urine.
“That’s mostly beer, and it’s all you will get for free.” Coach McNally cackled.
I was stunned. Was he trying to bring trouble?
“Curses on you, you filthy old goat,” the guard said laying a hand upon the hilt of his sword.
“Right back at you shit for brains, thinking I’d tap a barrel of my beer so that the two of you could drink while on duty, knowing full well I can’t sell the tapped barrel afterwards.”
The guard controlled his anger and took his hand off of the hilt of his sword. He sat there regarding Coach McNally with an appraising eye. Then nodded briefly. 
“It’s true then. You are as crotchety as they say,” was all he said, before spurring his mount and continuing down the road, his companion followed, glaring at Coach.
I breathed a sigh of relief, as did my friends.
Brianna let him have it. 
“You bastard! You would jeopardize everything for the price of two glasses of beer? Are you absolutely insane? When my father hears about how you’ve handled leading us he will never make you.”
“Had I appeared weak Lady Brianna, they would have taken advantage of my hospitality, then ridden back to the barracks in town and told all their friends about the free beer. Before we made it another mile there would have twenty or thirty city guards and their friends, all drinking and snooping around. Eventually, one of them would have noticed your clumsily wrapped shoes.”
Brianna stifled any retort she had been planning, but she didn’t apologize either.

“They were human,” Carla said, “Just plain old spineless males as far as I could tell.”
“Watch out, she’s going into feminist mode,” laughed Toby. “It’s so hot!”
She punched him in the arm as we continued down the road.
Toby cried out as if in pain, dangling his supposedly wounded appendage. The three of us laughed as he hammed it up.
“I disagree Carla. It must have taken a great deal of self control not to put one of those lances through McNally’s shriveled old heart,” I said.
“If he has one,” Toby laughed. “I wonder if we’ll see more elves.”
“Mother thinks there are as many humans as Fae in this world. That a balance is maintained more or less,” offered Ivy.
“Hey look!” Carla said, pointing.
In the distance, the towers and spires of a huge city could be seen above the orchards and fields. 
“Maybe the wizard can give him a heart, Dorothy,” Toby laughed.
“And you a brain.” Carla shot back.
I smiled at them, hoping I might find some courage.

We passed many groups of travelers, but none stopped us or took special notice. All were human. Coach nodded to them all as they neared and then cast his grim visage back onto the road. 
We traveled this way for more than an hour, the city growing in size as we moved closer. My nerves were fried by the time we reached the outskirts of the immense walled city. I don’t know what I had been expecting, but the city was absolutely gigantic. It extended from one side of the valley to the other. The walls were made of stone and at least three-stories high. Despite the height of the walls I could see a vast number of towering buildings and rooftops within. 
There were many wooden buildings outside the walls as if the city had grown passed its confines. Coach pulled the wagon to a halt outside a livery and set the brake once more, climbing down.
“Guard the beer! I’ll be right back,” he ordered gruffly.
“Don’t worry Coach, we’ll piss on anyone that gets near,” Toby offered. 
Coach shook his head and set off on foot down the road towards the city.
Brianna climbed down, rubbing her butt, and joined us. “That’s a pretty big city!”
“Yeah, and look at those walls. Wonder what they are trying to keep out,” Toby added. “Maybe we should be keeping an eye out for a fifty-foot gorilla.”
“Well, Coach McNally assured me there was no indoors mall, and forget about finding a McDonalds or Burger King,” Carla snickered.
“You didn’t!” Brianna giggled.
Carla grinned. “I did.”
“Guess we can rule out they are trying to protect a Starbucks,” Toby laughed.
We all joined in.

It was more than two hours before Coach returned bearing several fawn skin sacks in one hand.
“Gucci?” drooled Carla sarcastically. She was relentless.
Coach ignored her and threw a couple of the sacks at our feet, handing Brianna another. “Put those on, be quick about it,” he growled. “Brianna, back in the wagon.”

We sorted out the soft leather boots inside the bags and put them on. I was surprised at how similar they were to Uggs. The fluffy wool insides molded to my foot. I put my weight on them and was astounded by how perfectly they seemed to fit my feet. I could have sworn that when I’d first put them on, as I leaned against the back of the wagon, that they had been too big. Toby gathered our shoes and packed them into the top of his backpack in the wagon.
A man walked by and Carla pointed. He had his pants tucked into the tops of his boots. We followed his example.
“Remember to keep your mouths shut!” Coach yelled back at us, and the wagon started forward once more.


Chp. 12

We joined the crowd waiting to enter the city. It was well after noon when Coach grumblingly paid the guards the required tax on goods entering Lockewood, and we finally penetrated the open gates of the city.
The street was wide and reminded me of pictures I’d seen of Florence Italy. Ancient stone buildings with flowered balconies rose up four stories or more on either side of us. A crowd of adults and children rushed about talking loudly, buying and selling goods from stalls and wagons. Bright canopies in a rainbow of different colors extended far down the dark stone street. The smell of a variety of foods and flowers assaulted my nose. 
I glance to my left and right as we walked looking at the vendor’s goods. Most contained neatly piled stacks of fruits and vegetables. I wondered if this was normal, or if this was some kind of market day. We had market night in Fairview on Thursdays when the weather permitted. The city closed down Main Street in the evening and the vendors set up their tables. One section of the street held all the produce and the other had been reserved for people trying to hawk sunglasses, God, sobriety, baseball cards, girl scout cookies, a variety of cheap crafts, and other useless crap.
 Horses and carriages moved past us headed in the opposite direction. Painted wooden signs hung from various shops behind the carts and tables lining the street. As we moved further into the city the traffic became more congested and the noise louder. When we came to our first cross street, I looked down it both ways. It wasn’t much wider than our wagon, but that didn’t stop it from being filled with people heading towards the market. They emerged from the narrow street and hurried to vendors. Nearly all of these people wore tunics or dresses of much finer material than our own, but they didn’t pause or give us a second glance.
We moved slowly, deeper into the city through the throng of people. Just like back home, the produce gave way to vendors that were hawking goods. Tables and carts held a variety of clothes, jewelry, weapons, flowers, trinkets and foods. The crowd was even more thickly gathered here. 
We stayed near the back of the wagon as it crawled forward through the congestion. As we passed a merchant barking to the crowds about his fine assortment of swords, he looked at me and noticed the hilt of my sword.
“Holy mother!” he cried out and stepped forward. “That’s a Quail blade!”
He tore his eyes from the hilt and stepped in front of me. “Surely that was handed down to you. You couldn’t be… hey, you’re glowing!”
Toby put a huge hand on the man’s chest and gently motivated him to get out of my way. He glared up at Toby, but held his hands up and nervously stepped back, letting me pass. I looked at my hands, they didn’t glow in the sunlight, but did when I pulled them into my sleeves. Toby watched me experiment. I held my breath and pulled back my hood. 
Toby smiled widely, “No glow Mr. Wizard.”
I sighed in relief. Ivy walking next to me, followed my lead.
I covered the hilt of my sword with my cloak and we moved on, not looking back. 

Barkers called out their wares to the crowds, people of every shape and size jostled each other, but we continued our slow trek forward. Coach turned the wagon slowly through the crowd down the next cross street we came to, and, just like that, we were out of the spectacle of the market. The dark cobbled street was wide enough to accommodate two wagons. There were no vendor carts or wagons, no barkers hawking goods. Wooden signs hung from the storefronts and taverns we passed. People walked about minding their own business, entering or leaving the tall buildings. 
We continued down the street for quite awhile until coach stopped the wagon in front of a tavern and set the brake. The sign in front declared it as “The Pregnant Wench.” A large window in the front had a beautiful woman lying seductively on her side holding her bulging stomach with one hand and a stein in the other etched into the glass.
Coach hopped down, came around to the back of the wagon, and lowered the creaking tailgate. 
“Don’t go anywhere! I’ll be right back,” he said and entered the swinging double doors of the tavern.
“Guess we are about to make a delivery,” Toby said eyeing the huge barrels. “Bet those are going to be heavy.”
I followed his logic. Clearly, he and I would be told to move them. I stretched a bit in preparation.
Coach exited the building a few minutes later followed by four burly men. One held a long thick plank. Coach shooed us out of the way as the men set the plank against the tailgate and jumped into the back of the wagon. They turned the barrels on their sides and rolled them one by one down the plank into the street and then through the doors and into the building. When they had rolled that last of the ten barrels down the makeshift ramp, one of the men grabbed the board and carried it with him into the Tavern. Coach McNally followed. As he approached the doors he looked back at us.
“Don’t stand there gawking, this isn’t Disneyland for God’s sake! Bring the packs and Brianna’s bag,” he said and disappeared inside.
Toby and I exchanged looks and gathering our stuff, followed Coach McNutty into “The Pregnant Wench”. 

As we entered the dusky tavern’s great room, I looked down at my hands, relieved to find I wasn’t glowing. Hanging oil filled lamps bathed the great room of the tavern with in a soft ocher light. Rich, multi-colored silk banners displaying variety of coats of arms hung down from thick oaken beams above our heads. An ornately carved wooden bar ran the length of the room to the right. A few patrons sat on barstools watching, as the same four men from outside, strained and grunted trying to lift one of the massive barrels into an empty rack behind the bar. McNally and a fat man in an apron waited patiently. When the men had the barrel in position, Coach hammered a silver tap into it.
The portly man in the apron held a pewter tankard under the shining tap and poured himself a beer. He smelled it, then tasted the ale carefully. A smile spread over his features and he laughing delightedly, then handed Coach McNally a small pouch. Coach poured the shining contents into his hand and counted.
Brianna led us over to a large table near a great stone fireplace against the wall opposite the bar. Toby and I put the packs and Brianna’s bag under the table and we all sat down. Sitting with a sword hanging at your belt is not the easiest thing to do as I discovered, but I managed. Coach joined us after a minute or two and pulled up a chair.
“So far so good, or lucky in our case,” he said. “We have rooms upstairs for the night. Gregor seemed to believe I was going to start selling my beer to “The Dancing Trollop” and comp’d us the rooms, a meal, and our drinks for the night.”
“We don’t get to go to Chili’s or Applebee’s?” Carla whined.
Coach closed his eyes exacerbated, and shook his head. “I need a drink.” He got up and threw two room keys down on the table.
“Don’t bother me until morning,” he said and walked away.

We were busy laughing at Carla’s taunting, when a buxom serving woman in her late twenties, wearing a low cut white blouse arrived. She smiled pleasantly.
“Pardon my words, and I mean no offense to anyone, but how a horses’ ass o that extent makes Ale that good, no one knows,” said the waitress putting a tankard of beer in front of each of us. Her accent sounded Scandinavian. 
“He doesn’t,” Carla smirked. “His wife does.”
The waitress smiled brightly and winked at Carla. “Figures. Where are you from, I don’t recognize your accent?” 
A chill went down my spine, though I tried to remain calm. 
“We spent some time at the border of the great wood to the south, trading with the fair folk. Their speech wears off on you,” offered Ivy. I groaned inwardly.
“That is it then,” the waitress smiled and left us to our beers.
We all breathed a sigh of relief and congratulated Ivy on her quick thinking. Heart still pounding in my ears I took a big swig of beer and found that it helped quite a bit.

As we sat there drinking our beer, I tuned out of the conversation and thought about home. I wondered what my parents were thinking right now. What had Ivy’s mother told them? Then I remembered the time difference. It was roughly fifteen seconds between our sitting on the stone in the fairy ring, yet we had arrived and hour later. Was the difference in the trip itself? Or was it the difference to how time moved while we were here.
I interrupted Brianna and apologized, explaining what I had been thinking about.
“Einstein would be able to explain it,” Toby said when I had finished.
“I don’t think the difference was in the trip, Jake. It makes more sense that it is an actual difference between home and here,” offered Carla. She got out her I-phone. 
“Dead.”
“I bet you wouldn’t have that problem with Verizon,” Toby chuckled, “They probably get coverage here. Can you hear me now?”
“Very funny,” Carla said smacking him in the arm. “I was going to use the calculator function. If I had a piece of paper and a pen, I could calculate the conversions real quick.”
“It converts to roughly… four hours per minute, six minutes per day, three hours per month, and thirty six hours per year,” said Brianna.
We all stared at her.
“What?” she laughed, “I’m good with numbers, so sue me.”
“I’ll say you are,” Carla admitted.
“So that means we could be here seven or eight months and make it back for classes on Monday!” I smiled.
“Monday’s a holiday, Jake-O,” Toby said.
“Two years, four months give or take a week or so, before the bell rings for first period on Tuesday morning,” Bri supplied.
“Holy crap!” Was all I could say. If this mission or whatever we were calling it, took a couple of weeks, I could still be home before my parents got back from Aunt Trisha’s.

The tavern began to fill up as we sat there drinking and talking. The waitress kept our mugs topped off which made it difficult to tell how much beer we’d had. We tried to keep our voices hushed so nobody at the other tables would overhear us, but we couldn’t stop laughing. Carla and Toby were on a roll.
“Carla, I do believe you’re drunk,” stated Toby laughing at himself.
Carla had told us a very lurid story about the girl’s locker room and a peephole that she and a friend had made to look into the boy’s showers. She said it was how she had selected Toby as a boyfriend.
The pure sound of a flute broke through our laughter, and the crowd noise of the tavern, suspending conversations, demanding attention. The solemn note held for a moment and then flowed downwards lazily.
I looked up and saw a minstrel standing upon a small stage, holding the silver flute, eyes closed as he played.
“Wow!” sighed Carla.
“That is the most beautiful man I’ve ever seen,” Brianna whispered.
“I’ll say!” Carla agreed.
“I’m hurt… so very hurt,” Toby chuckled. 
Carla punched him in the arm. “Shhhhh!”
I would have laughed at their reaction, but the girls weren’t telling a lie. The handsome flutist could have graced the cover of any magazine. Shiny, pitch-black hair hung down in lazy curls around a familiarly angular face. He had to be an elf with features like that. Unlike the elves we’d met in the forest however, his skin wasn’t tanned, it was so pale as to be verging on true white. Maybe he wasn’t an elf. I couldn’t see his ears to be certain, because of the black leather hat he wore, pulled rakishly to the side. His tunic was also black, and a black and red cape was clasped around his neck with a silver clasp.
The notes that rose up into the rafters of the tavern were so pure they demanded our attention as they flowed effortlessly from of his instrument. From behind us near the back of the tavern, a horn sounded, joining, and wrapping around the notes of the flute. I turned my head and saw yet another black clad musician. He wasn’t nearly as handsome as the performer on stage, but arguably just as skilled at his craft. The two played an instrumental that reminded me of a fight between two friends over a woman that they both loved. They played against one another challenging, giving, soaring and swooping neither gaining the upper hand.
Suddenly the sweet sound of a violin rose up between the two. I saw a female sitting on a barstool roughly half way between the other two playing, her golden hair flowed over her black outfit.
The three musicians’ played out the remainder of the song to a spell bound audience. The sounds of the violin faded first, then the horn, leaving the solitary flute to end the composition in apparent despair. When the last lonely note rang out and ended, an extraordinary stillness filled the tavern as the crowded room held its collective breath. Then a mad cheering rose. Looking around, I saw tears rolling down Brianna and Carla’s cheeks. Ivy’s head was down and her eyes closed, as she rocked silently back and forth.
I joined the cheer. I’d never heard anything more beautiful in my life. I gently lay a hand on Ivy’s shoulder, and she smiled up at me her eyes glistening.
“That was amazing!” I whispered, she nodded, smiling back at me. My heart lurched as we stared into each other’s eyes for a moment. I felt the need to protect her, care for her...
I tore my gaze away and drained my tankard. Ivy moved her chair closer to mine and laid her head against my shoulder.
The musicians played many more songs to the overflowing tavern. At one point the waitress paused breathlessly while refilling our mugs and commented on how rare it was for blood elves to play for humans.
My mind felt fuzzy, and I realized my bladder was about to explode. “Where’s the bathroom?”
“I can draw a bath for you, but it will be awhile before I get off work.” She winked seductively and shrugged, gesturing at the crowd around us. “We’re kind of busy as you can see!”
“No, no, no..” I stammered feeling a flush coming into my cheeks, “not a bath, but a place to… to relieve myself.”
She smiled and laughed. 
“You mean the water closet da?”
“Da.” I said standing up. The room tilted slightly, but I kept my balance. 
The waitress giggled and stepped close, whispering directions in my ear, her breath warm on my neck, then left to fill tankards.


Chp. 13

I followed the directions the best I could, and wound my way through the crowd to the hallway. I found what I thought was the correct door and opened it stepping in, or in this case out. The cold evening air sobered me up ever so slightly, but not a lot. I had obviously made a wrong turn, I was standing in a darkening alleyway. I spun around to go back inside, only to find four men stepping out through the door I had just come through. I backed up to let them pass.
“That’s em all right,” said two of the men at the same time. They looked kind of familiar. I squinted my eyes, trying my best to focus on them. The twins blurred together becoming just one man. It was the sword merchant from earlier. Standing beside him was a powerfully built man with an oddly embroidered patch over one eye. Seeing him gave me an idea and I closed one of my eyes. There were only two men and I could see each man much more clearly than with both eyes open.
“You be sure?” said the one eyed man closing the door behind him. 
“Of course I’m sure. Look at the sword, and he’s glowing just like I said!”
I looked down at my hands, sure as shootin, I was lit up like a Christmas tree.
“Give me the sword boy, and I’ll let you live,” growled the man slowly drawing his own sword and pointing it toward my chest.
“Hey, I don’t wann any trouble guys,” I said staggering back into the stone wall of the building next to the tavern, opposite the doorway.
Realization of my situation struggled through pleasant fogginess covering my mind. Toby probably wasn’t going to burst through the door and save me any time soon. I was on my own, in an alley, standing in front of a man with a sword. Great, just great! 
A distant voice in my head urged me to draw my sword. It sounded like good advice, so I put my hand on the hilt, and freed the beautiful sword from its plain sheath.
My hand suddenly stung like it was on fire, and a rush of images and blinding memories I couldn’t remotely grasp flashed through my mind, as adrenaline flooded my system. I reeled to my left under the fiery assault of the images and crashed over a garbage can, falling to the smooth cobblestones.
“The sword boy, now!” said the one-eyed man advancing, his own sword held ready before him.
Somehow, I hadn’t dropped the sword during my fall, and I staggered to my feet using the wall for balance as the images started to fade.
The one eyed man moved forward and swung, his sword all but a blur trying to knock the ornate sword from my grasp. I unconsciously countered his slash. My return slice opened up a bloody rent in the pants across his thigh.
“Damn he’s fast Pierre,” said the merchant, backing away towards the door.
The one-eyed man stepped back favoring his bloody leg and cursed in a language I couldn’t recognize. He moved painfully into a swordsman’s crouch, I stumbled away from the wall, holding my sword low.
“Don’t be fooled, he’s using Guldan’s defense!” said the merchant, now standing with one hand on the door jam.
“I know, you idiot. Be quiet. He’s drunk.”
The brigand moved forward in a series of lightning quick feints and slashes. Somehow, I countered them easily and punched the tip of my sword deeply into the space between his shoulder and chest, severing a tendon. His sword clattered to the paving stones in the alley. Blood flowed freely from the cut, down his arm, and onto the dark cobbles. His one eye widened, as he stood swaying in the moonlight. He grunted painful and backed away slowly, trying to stanch the bleeding with his other hand.
“I just wanna pee,” I slurred, one eye still closed so I could see.
He backed away another step, leaving his sword on the ground.
“And I… just want to live to see another sunrise light the horizon young master,” he conceded, bowing at the waist, good hand still pressing hard against his bloody shoulder. 
“Help me stop this bleeding Mormont!” he yelled, but the merchant was gone.
He was losing an awful lot of blood. I sheathed my sword after wiping it on the edge of my cloak. I couldn’t let him bleed to death in an alley. 
“I’ll help you,” I said and weaved forward. 
He nodded.
“A kindness I will someday repay,” he groaned.
I put an arm around his waist, and helped him back into the tavern. As I closed the door, Toby appeared and helped me support him. The people in the hallway stepped aside for us.
“What the hell happened Jake?” Toby asked over the brigand who sagged into unconsciousness.
“He got lucky,” said Coach walking up, relieving me of the man’s weight.

They carried the man away through the crowd. I just stood there staring, drunk and more than a little dazed by what had just happened. How they heck did I know how to use a sword? It had seemed like second nature. The thoughts flew from my head as the pressure in my abdomen became unbearable. I couldn’t for the life of me remember the waitress’s instructions on how to get to the bathroom. I knew I’d explode if I didn’t relieve myself any second. I turned, and was about to go back out into the alley, when a soft hand grabbed mine and pulled me down the hall. The waitress stopped at a door and opened it for me.
“The second door on your left, not the first door on your right,” she said giggling.
“Oh,” I managed.
“Do you need me to… help you further?” she offered seductively, her eyes looking me up and down.
I became very aware of her low cut blouse and what it barely held in check.
“I think… I can handle it.” I stammered.
“A bath then, afterwards?” she winked.
My heart was suddenly pounding in my ears and I felt the flush rising over me like a tidal wave. I staggered forward into the water closet, and shut the door behind me, locking it. I could hear the waitress’s giggling fade as she returned down the hallway to her work. 
I searched in vain for my zipper, and then remembered that the brown leather pants didn’t have one. I unfastened the leather strings as fast as I could and barely made it to the large chamber pot in time.

I didn’t know it was possible to urinate for that long. I certainly never had before. When I finally finished, my heart had quit racing, and the flush had faded. I poured water from a bucket into a deep marble washbasin, and washed my hands and face. The cool water pushed back the fog from my thoughts a bit more.
“What the hell happened?” I said aloud, grabbing one of the towels piled up beside the grey and white washbasin.
“You’re not ready for it,” said an old voice as clear as day.
Startled, I looked around the room, but I was alone.
“Crap!” I said throwing the towel to the floor. “I’ve really lost it.”
“Like I said, you’re not ready,” the voice chuckled softly.
“Not ready for what?” I shouted.
“Not ready to hear that you just received the accumulated knowledge of several thousand years of weapons experience, of course,” said the voice calmly. “Not ready to face the fact that you just bested a fairly decent swordsman while drunk, having never held a sword in your hand before. Shall I go on, or shall we wait until tomorrow?”
I sat down on the tiled floor awkwardly because of the sword and put my head in my hands. I had lost it. I was hearing voices. So this was what it was like to go insane. None of what had happened had been real. Ivy would never go out with me. She probably wasn’t even pretty like I’d believed. Immortality, vampires, elves, one thousand foot trees, her beauty… it was all a part of a progressive break with reality.
“Oh, she’s beautiful all right,” the elderly voice said. “You’re not insane either, just confused, drunk, hormonal, and perhaps a little too skeptical of what your senses confirm is the truth.”
“Why are you talking to me?” I groaned.
“Why? Because you released me,” soothed the voice, “You touched Gwensorloth and were chosen.”
“Touched who? Chosen?” I asked, and suddenly it came to me through my befuddled, swirling thoughts. The sword, when I had first touched the sword in alley, the pain, all those images that had utterly overwhelmed me, causing my fall. It was the sword!
“I’d give you a prize, but I just gave you more than you will realize for a long, long time in your case,” sniggered the voice.
I looked down at the sword. The sword was talking inside my head?
“Gwensorloth is just the tool, a magnificently crafted tool to be sure, but a sword is in the end, just a sword. You listened to me when it was important Jake, so I chose you.”
“You told me to grab the sword?”
“Yes, I did.”
“Why not just let me die?” I groaned.
“I made a promise to Gwensorloth’s last owner,” said the voice.
“Who was that?” I asked.
“Tomorrow Jake, tomorrow,” said the voice fading from my head.

I tottered to my feet and composed myself the best I could. I hadn’t gotten any of Pierre’s blood on my tunic, but I did have a piece of lettuce from the trashcan I’d fallen over, clinging tenaciously to my sleeve. I plucked it off and smoothed down my rumpled, plain brown leather tunic. Taking a deep breath, I opened the door and walked out into the hallway. Somehow I managed to find my way back to the table. 

“Jake Gunn!” whispered Carla furiously as I sat down, “What were you thinking!”
I reached out for my tankard. My throat was so dry.
She moved it away.
“Answer me!” she continued. “Coach is furious. We saw Toby and him drag a bleeding man out of here a few minutes ago, and you’re… ”
“He just kicked some guy’s butt Carla, chill,” said Toby sitting down beside her. His tunic had a dark stain on the side. “McNutty and I got him to a physician in time, he’ll survive. He’s lucky there was one open across the street.”
“Chill?” she said staring at Toby. “I’ll show you chill!”
Bri leaned forward and took the tankard from Carla. She frowned as she passed it to me.
“You owe us an explanation Jake. Your trouble is trouble for us all,” she said.
I shrugged still not sure of what happened myself. Insane or not, I wasn’t crazy enough to tell everyone that I was in the midst of a break with reality, that none of this was real.
“A guy tried to steal my sword on my way to the restroom,” I said, and reached forward for the tankard.
“We’re foreigners in a strange place, that makes us targets. Maybe we should stick together more,” Brianna suggested.
“Guess we’ll have to go to the bathroom together Jake, start powdering our noses and what not. Hey! Can I borrow some powder?” Toby asked looking around at the girls.
Carla punched him in the arm, hard this time. Toby winced, but pulled her chair closer to his and kissed her on the cheek.
“Are you okay Jake?” asked Ivy looking up at me. I could see her eyes were welling up with tears.
I nodded and took a sip from the tankard. The cold beer soothed my throat. She smiled and wiped her eyes. The musicians returned to the little stage and began playing again. It wasn’t long before we were all wrapped up again by the entrancing music.

I woke up feeling refreshed, and just slightly sore. I swung my legs off of the bed and looked across the room. Steam rose languidly from two huge brass tubs I could have sworn weren’t there last night when we’d finally gone to bed. Toby’s huge feet hung out of one. His head rested on a pillow at the other end, and a white towel was draped over his face. I walked over and sampled the water in the other bathtub. It was warm and inviting, so I stepped out of my boxer-briefs and got in. The soothing warmth took away what little soreness I had almost immediately. 
Wasn’t I supposed to be hung over? We sat there listening to the musicians and drinking ale for a long time. I didn’t really remember very much about going up the stairs and getting in bed.
“Lucy, you have some splaining to do,” Toby said from the bath next to me.
I held my breath and let my head sink below the water. I came up after less than a minute wiping the water from my eyes.
“Lucy?” Toby said.
I groaned. “Guy tried to take my sword.” 
“So you went all D’Artanon on him, I know, but how did you accomplish that Jack-O? I know enough from the couple of classes I went to, that Aikido isn’t about swords. Was it something like the catching arrows thing?” Toby asked.
I sighed deeply and explained the whole thing to him, at least as well as I could, I didn’t remember everything. For his part Toby sat there quietly listening.
“Several thousand years worth of combat experience and knowledge, just from drawing that sword? If I didn’t know you better, I’d ask you to share some of that crack your smoking, so we could be on the same page.”
“This has been the most bizarre, un-real couple of days. Honestly Toby, I wish I was smoking crack, rather than cracking. I don’t know how much more of this bullshit I can take.”
“Your not crazy Jake,” he laughed, “I have seen most of it too. At first I denied what I saw, or made excuses, but this is all real bud. It’s kinda like we’re living out a Tolkien book in real life.”
“You’re the biggest hobbit ever Tob.”
“You’re the one with the hairy toes my precious!” he shot back. 
“Carla got you dreaming about rings again Smeagol?”
“Very funny!”


Chp. 14

When I finally got out of the bath, I found my tunic shirt and pants folded at the foot of the bed with a note attached.

Hope you enjoyed your bath without me.
 J.

I grinned, and set aside the note. My tunic had been cleaned. It felt softer than it did before. I put on the pants and the top, and hooked on my sword belt properly, so the hilt was closer to my hand. I discovered that my boots had been cleaned and brushed as well.
“Smells better too.” I said aloud sniffing my sleeve.
“Sure does, and the bloodstain is gone,” Toby said.

After we finished dressing, we grabbed our packs and made our way to the common room where we found Coach brooding at a table.
“Morning Coach,” Toby said.
“Boys,” he responded staring into a cup of what smelled like coffee. “We’ve got a problem.”
“What’s the problem?” I asked worried that it had to do with my fight.
“There maybe a group of Vampires after us,” he said simply. 
“From the vampire council?” Toby asked.
“No, the local vampire girl scouts!” Coach growled, shooting Toby a dark look.
Toby sat back nodding in approval, “Good one Coach.”
“They were watching your table, trying to be subtle and probably didn’t clue in I was with you.”
“When, last night? Who?” I asked.
“The minstrels, who else? Can’t you tell a vampire when you see one?”
Toby and I looked at each other and shared a silent shrug. The musician playing the flute had been extremely pale.
“Why didn’t they just kill us in our sleep?” Toby asked. “Isn’t that what they do?”
Coach explained that the Council couldn’t conduct murder inside the city without risking banishment, and possibly war. Lockewood, belonged to a kingdom called Cenaria. Cenaria was like the Switzerland of the world we’d entered. A council of powerful mages, who stayed apart from the petty politics and wars that plagued the other kingdoms, ruled it, officially, anyhow.
Several millennia ago the mages had imbued a dozen magical gems and placed them at the heart of the major cities within their kingdom. Coach called them ‘Treaty Stones.’ The treaty stones basically made the major cities within Cenaria neutral ground. All people and creatures, magical and non-magical were welcome, but break the treaty by committing a crime, and the stone would banish the individual or group, if they belonged to one, from Cenaria.
If the Vampire Council attacked us within the city of Lockewood, all the vampires within Cenaria would find themselves suddenly outside the borders of the kingdom, with no ability to return unless the mage council lifted the banishment. Coach thought such a move by the Vampire Council could very possibly start a war with Cenaria, and no one, kingdom or group, wanted that.
I listened carefully to Coach talk. It was more than I had heard him say at one time since I had met him. When he was finished, I started to raise my hand, then ran it through my hair hoping Toby hadn’t noticed.
“Why wasn’t I banished last night then?” I asked.
Coach glowered at me. 
“Still trying to figure that out. Maybe the Treaty Stone allows one on one mutual combat. Hell, I don’t know. The brigand that tried to take your sword didn’t just come up from behind and slit your throat. He challenged you. Maybe that has something to do with it.”
“The stones can transport people? Just like that?” I asked, hoping to turn Coach from discussing my fight any further.
“Yes they can, and I have reason to believe it’s more than a bit painful,” he responded.

The girls joined us, effectively ending the conversation, because as soon as they arrived Coach stood.
“The wagon should be ready. Stow the gear boys, Brianna you’re with me.”
Coach mumbled a gruff thank you to the owner of the tavern and we left ‘The Pregnant Wench’, but not before the buxom waitress from the night before, pulled me aside on my way out the door, and kissed me soundly on the mouth. She promised to keep an eye out for my return, with her breath hot against my lips. My head swirled in confusion. I didn’t know a kiss could be so intimate and filled with promises.
Toby wrapped an arm around my shoulders and pulled me outside before I could say anything embarrassing. 
Toby whistled as we walked behind the wagon, winding our way through the city of Lockewood. Carla frowned at me several times as if I had something to do with the kiss, Ivy didn’t say a word and ignored me completely.
Like I had anything to do with it. I didn’t ask her to kiss me.
“No, but you didn’t stop it either,” said the voice, returning to my thoughts. 
I almost stumbled. Not now!
“You’re basically blind to the wiles of women. It’s kind of funny.”
I tried to ignore it and looked around at the buildings of the city as we walked.
“You don’t have to speak aloud, just say the words in your head and no one will be the wiser.”
“What was I suppose to do, push her away? Besides she’s a lot older than me. I don’t understand why Carla or Ivy would even care,” I said angrily inside my head.
“Of course you do,” answered the voice. “If a twenty-seven year old man kissed Ivy, would you not have cause to be upset! Both of the girls have a sound rationale for being disappointed in you.” 
“Great.”
“The question becomes what can you do about it?” the voice asked.
I had no idea.
“Something will come to you.”
“Yeah, because I’m thinking so clearly.” I said to myself.
“You aren’t crazy, my son.”
“Says the voice inside my head.” I laughed inwardly.
“You needn’t worry over it. As the strength of the spell’s binding increases, like it did between Sir Nisbet and I, and near countless others before him, you’ll only imagine my voice. It will be as if your intuition has increased.”
Holy crap! This was that old knight’s sword.
“It was indeed, and by the way, he wasn’t old until he returned to your world and made the decision to gift you with his blessing, or as he called it, ‘your birthright’,” the elderly voice stated calmly.
“He was young?” I asked the voice in my head.
“For several millennia he seemed a man in his early twenties.”
“You must have known him pretty well then,” I thought to myself. “That’s a long time!”
“That I did, but he didn’t receive the sword until the King of Andorland died and bequeathed it to him seventy-five years ago. When I pass to a new protector, I learn of their entire life at the same time as the knowledge I have is passed to them.”
“Oh,” I said aloud.
“What’s up?” Toby asked.
I looked over at him as we walked down the street still following the wagon through the city.
“Tell him you have gas,” the voice snickered.
I disregarded the voice. 
“This city is really big,” I said lamely.
“Yup.” Toby agreed.
I looked away and stared at the tailgate of the wagon.
“So you’re bound to the sword and pass knowledge of fighting on to whoever owns the sword?” I asked in my mind.
“No, I’m bound to you until your death. The sword can pass to a hundred different owners and it will only be a marvelous sword. If you die, I’m returned to the sword until the next owner worthy of the responsibility wields it, and is chosen.”
“So when Sir Nisbet died…”
“My essence returned to the sword. Where it had been placed according to his instructions, to be given to you when you came to this world,” the voice finished for me.
“Is that the training Brianna’s father was talking about?”
“Yes, it was,” the voice answered. “Quite a bit of planning went into it.”
“How did you get stuck with this job anyhow?” I asked.
“I made a mistake, and the council bound my essence to this task until I have atoned for it,” the voice said.
“Must have been some mistake.”
“You could say that,” the voice chuckled ruefully. “Wizards live a long time, yet I have outlived them all and I was no spring chicken when my essence was shriven from my body. I’ve been a part of history in my own way and don’t begrudge them their penance for my crime.”
“How will you know when you’ve paid for your crime?”
“When the demon I arrogantly brought into this universe is no longer a threat.”

The wagon stopped and I almost walked into it. A dozen black clad guards dressed like those we’d seen on the road yesterday stood in front of it barring our way forward. Their leader, a middle-aged man with graying hair and a bearing of command, moved over to Coach McNally’s side of the wagon. His uniform was more formal than the other guards. Decorations for valor of one type or another littered the front of his tunic beside the coat of arms over his heart.
“A moment of your time,” he said politely.
“I don’t have a moment,” Coach answered. “I have to pick up my next load and be on the road before the eastern gate closes.”
“Fear not, in all likelihood you will be, unless of course, you try to relieve yourself on me,” the man said pausing for effect. “There is one among you who fought a brigand last night. I would have a word with him.” He bowed towards the girls. “Ladies.”
My heart started speeding up, and I could feel the rush beginning.
“Steady,” said the voice in my head. “Acknowledge it.”
I took a deep breath and walked around the back of the wagon.
“I did,” I said trying to keep my voice from cracking.
“Well done!” the voice said.
The captain regarded me.
“Even so,” he said turning to face me. He had known it was me all along.
“Of course he did,” said the voice.
“It was a test?”
“Indeed,” the ancient voice said softly. 
“I’ve been asked to accompany you to the Mage’s Citadel. The council would like a word with you,” he said politely. “You may keep your sword.”
“Listen here!” barked Coach. “He’s my guardsman. I will have need of him once we leave the city!” 
“A guard will escort you until we can return him to you,” said the Captain looking back at Coach as though he were of no consequence.
“I don’t need a hostage, I need his blade,” Coach griped.
“Two guards then.”
 He nodded at a couple of the men standing before the wagon and they stepped forward. “That should more than make up for his prowess with a blade.”
“He wishes!” said the voice.
The captain turned once more towards me. “Shall we then?”
I nodded and moved to his side.
“Thank you good merchant,” he said bowing to Coach McNally.
Coach grumbled something I couldn’t make out, but I was pretty sure it was a curse.


Chp. 15

I walked next to the captain, his men fanned out around us. People turned and watched us as we passed, murmuring to one another. I concentrated on my breathing, fighting the fear that was pressing down on me like a lead weight.  At the first cross street, we turned left. The street was narrow, hardly big enough for a wagon to travel on. The people on the street had to press themselves against the wall to let us pass. After a short distance, past increasingly larger stone buildings, some of which must have been more than six stories high, we came to a vast, grass-covered square. 
In the middle of the huge square a fountain sprayed water hundreds of feet up into the air. The mist that fell back into the statue laden marble pool caught the early morning sun, forming a shimmering rainbow. Thousands of families, couples and individuals sat on the grass around the fountain enjoying the beginning of a beautiful day. 
On the far side of the amazing fountain an enormous, sprawling, circus-like tent had been erected. It reminded me of the Ringling Brothers, Barnum, and Bailey Circus I’d gone to with my parents when I was little. I wondered briefly what kind of show was being performed inside. 
Tall marble buildings rose up to the sky surrounding the plaza. Bright silk banners in a multitude of colors hung down from a majority of the flower-laden balconies overlooking the grass-covered square. Taverns and restaurants occupied the bottom floors of the incredible buildings, their covered patios extending onto the street that ringed the outside of the grass square. People sat at tables in the patios beneath talking and laughing while they ate their breakfast. The smell of sausage and spices made my mouth water despite my nearly stifling fear.
We turned right and followed the street around the plaza. More people stopped what they were doing to watch us pass.
“I apologize for any embarrassment this may be causing you,” the captain said from beside me as we walked. “There was another way available to us, but I could not break the law and use it. I was shown what happened by the way.” 
How on earth could anyone have seen what happened? It was a fairly dark alley! Did they have video cameras or something?
“The crystal shows the council any transgressions made under the treaty,” said the voice in my head quite a bit more faintly. “They view the transgression and decide whether banishment is suitable.”
“How do you know that?” I said to myself.
“I used to lead the council,” said the voice, barely recognizable now.
The Captain mistook my silence. “You have nothing to fear. It was obvious you were provoked,” he said.
“Then why am I being taken before the council?” I asked, embarrassed by how frightened my voice sounded.
“You are the master of a quail blade. It is my guess they are wondering when you will return to service.”

To say I was in shock as we walked around the square to a grand marble building that absently reminded me of the U.S. Capitol building would be an understatement. I registered that the dome above the building was made of copper, tarnished green with age, but found my normal curiosity about architecture had left me. As we ascended wide marble stairs leading up to doors made of the same material as the dome, and just as tarnished, I tried to get a grip on what was happening.
I had been preparing to get banished by the council, and now I was supposed to enter into some kind of service to them? The captain, walking up the stairs beside me, said it was because of the sword in the sheath at my side. Did it even matter who held it?
Several guards opened the twenty-foot high doors as we approached. I followed the captain through the doorway and into a magnificent darkened hall leaving our escort behind. 
Carved alabaster pillars rose up from the floor to the ceiling. Colossal statues that would have made Michelangelo proud stood between the huge pillars. The floor was tiled in smooth marble, streaked with red obsidian. At the far end of the hall, some four-hundred yards away, sat a long table beneath a massive glowing fresco depicting the galaxy.
The captain’s boots echoed as we walked down the grand hall towards the table. As we drew closer I could see figures were seated behind the table, glowing in a variety of colors. They stared at me as we approached.
“Agree to nothing!” came the barest whisper of a voice in my head. 

We stopped in front of the Council of mages, for the city of Lockewood and an old man seated in the center of the table made a dismissive gesture. The captain of the guard bowed low and withdrew.
“Welcome protector,” he said, inclining his ancient head towards me. A light grey nimbus surrounded him, blending in with his long hair and beard. 
I bowed the best I could, noticing as I did that I was glowing too.
“We watched your fight, protector. Your penchant for mercy is most admirable.”
“Thank you my lord,” I said, knowing somehow that it was the right term to use.
“If you’ll pardon me a moment, I must call the others,” he said and raised his hands. I could actually feel the magic gather around him, and heard him release it. 
Eight forms coalesced above the table. Floating there like ghosts as their images sharpened and took form.
“That’s better.”
“Well done Lord Flinthor,” said one of the images bowing to the old man.
“Yes, you have our thanks,” said another descending to the floor to stand behind the old man. 
He was older still, and glowed blue just like I did. He put his hands on Flinthor’s shoulders as he regarded me.
“Let us begin then,” he said. The mages at the table, as well as the images floating in the air, bowed to him.
“I am Quinas, high mage of the council of Cenaria,” he said, his ancient voice whistling as he spoke. He held out his hand towards me invitingly.
“I’m Jake Gunn your excellence,” I said and bowed again. Even though the ancient being was only a holographic-like image, he radiated power.
“We’ve seen your coming Jake. Does that frighten you?” he said smiling.
“Yes, I don’t understand… any of this,” I said, and hurriedly added, “Your Excellency.”
The image laughed, as did many of the mages at the table.
“Understandably young master. A heavy burden has been placed on you. Becoming an immortal, and receiving Thallium’s gift in two short days. I should say even my old head would be ready to implode.”
“Begging your pardon Excellency, but what is Thallium’s gift Sir?” I asked.
The ancient mage smiled at me. “Why, it’s the knowledge you received when you wielded Gwensorloth for the first time, of course. Thallium was my master’s master’s master. It was he who called forth the demon who must be imprisoned. The demon whose seeds have wrecked so much havoc on your world and ours.”
I swallowed nervously. This whole thing was too surreal. 
“Time draws short, so I will come to the point young immortal. Would you serve us and ensnare this demon?” he asked.
My heart began to race even faster. The crushing weight of claustrophobia hit me like a ton of bricks. My palms began to sweat, and I had trouble drawing a breath into my lungs. God no! Not now. Breath, just breath, don’t pass out! 
I focused my sight on Quinas, as wave after wave of panic flooded through my body. I had to answer. I knew I shouldn’t agree to anything, so I thought of the next best thing to accepting. My thoughts fluttered inside me as I tried to think of the best way to express myself. I forced a deep breath into my lungs.
“If it is a service to you… that I should try and imprison this demon, then I am glad for it,” I said, praying my voice wouldn’t fail me, “because I have already bound myself on a quest for that very purpose, your Excellency. Any help you could offer me would be greatly appreciated.”
I don’t know how I had managed to say what I had. The words had just come to me when I needed them. I hoped beyond hope that they had come out right. To my soul-felt relief, Quinas smiled and nodded his approval; though I could see many of the mages on the council before me didn’t seem pleased.
“Well spoken Jake Gunn,” said the ancient image. “We shall call the other immortals to you, that they may assist you in this quest. Many other weighty matters demand our attention at the moment. I am afraid we can do little more to aid you than this.”
“Thank you, your Excellency,” I stammered.
“Oh, and Jake,” said the glowing blue image, floating through the mage he had been standing behind, the table in front of me, and stopping an arm length away. “If you speak with Thallium again, please tell him hello for me.”
“Yes sir,” I choked out, bowing the best I could.

When I finished the bow, Quinas and the other summoned images started to waver, becoming less distinct. When the forms faded completely the old mage who had called them, inclined his head to me and gestured to the side. I heard a door open and the captain’s boots echoing on the tile.
“You are dismissed then protector. Fare you well in your quest. Return to the council when it is finished, that you might ‘choose’ to aid us in other important affairs,” he grimaced.
“Yes, my lord,” I said trying not to wet myself. 
The captain appeared once more at my side. We bowed before the council, turned around towards the doorway at the end of the massive hall, and walked away from the council of mages. I had never wanted to run more in my life.

I took a shuttering breath as the ornate copper doors clanged shut behind me. The early morning sun warmed my skin.
“That was abrupt,” the captain commented.
“Didn’t feel like it to me,” I said, my nerves slowly calming.
The captain motioned the guards to form around us again, grinning at me. “Intimidating place no?”
“You could say that.”
We started back down the marble stairs towards the enormous city square. 
“It was built to be the most daunting structure possible. The mages that founded this town thought it would give them an advantage in dealing with the Woodland realm to the west, and the elves that rule it.” He laughed, “Apparently, they had not seen Lor Lorenith, the elves ‘Floating City’ yet. Is it true that you came through their woods?”
An alarm sounded somewhere in the back of my mind. I had told no one. Ivy had alluded to the waitress, that our accents came from spending time trading with the Elves to the south. Maybe Coach McNally had said something, or maybe the mages had used their powers to find out. Why did the Captain of the guard want to know if we traveled through the Elvin woods? I couldn’t think of an answer, so I decided to go with a partial truth.
“We traveled through a small portion of their woods. The trees are amazing!”
“The floating city is suspended between and inside, four of the greatest of those trees. I was fortunate enough to see it as a young man, when I was assigned to a mage that had business there. Nothing we could hope to build could come close to being as awe inspiring as that city,” the Captain said.
An entire city built over a thousand feet up in the trees, sounded amazing. I wondered if I’d ever get to see it.
We stepped onto the cobble-stoned street and turned right toward the huge red and gold pavilion erected on the grass near the corner of the square. Flags, banners, and pinions in a variety of shapes, colors and designs hung from poles and standards around the huge pavilion. A sea of people packed closely together, surrounding the circus-like tents. I wondered again what was going on inside that it was had drawn such a large crowd. Would a circus in this world have lions and tigers, or trapeze acts, tightrope walkers? God forbid… clowns?
The captain of the guard noticed my curiosity and nodded towards the tents. “It is the last day of the Spring Fair. It won’t be long before this entire square will be filled with people here to watch the tournament. Those people are gathered to see who is entering, trying to handicap their wagers.”
I nodded. I had gone to a renaissance fair with Toby’s family last year. My favorite part had been the jousting. How the knights managed to ride a horse, hold I lance, and aim it without falling off their horses was beyond me. Looking at the huge pavilion, I wondered if jousting was a part of the tournament. 
As we neared the pavilion the guards had to push through the throng that had spilled out onto the street. People pressed against one another trying to move out of our way, muttering oaths, and staring at me. I wasn’t glowing, thank God. What attracted their attention was the fact that guards surrounded me. I was embarrassed by their stares, but did my best to ignore them.
A guard opened a door to an unassuming building across the street from the pavilion. A formal looking sign above the door informed me it was a guard station. I felt uneasy as I was led through the double doors and into a large, white washed reception area containing only a couple of chairs sitting before a desk on the opposite side of the room. The guardsman seated at the desk stood as we entered and saluted the captain briskly. Behind him a stairwell led down, lit by glowing sconces built into the walls.
 At a gesture, guards fanned out against the walls leaving the captain and I standing in the center of the large room. 
“Get corporal Gillian,” said the Captain.
I concentrated on my breathing attempting with little success to stanch the fear building inside me.
“Can I go back to my friends now?”
The guardsman behind the desk bowed before the captain and disappeared down the stairwell behind him. The captain regarded me intently.
“Friends? I thought the rude, old man was your employer?”
I couldn’t think of what to say and shrugged. The Captain nodded looking me over again.
“I would ascertain your ability with a blade. I know what I saw, but I would be sure,” he said regarding me appraisingly. 
My frayed nerves revolted, but I held back the shaking and did my best to breath as we stood there waiting. I was about to get into a swordfight. I wondered briefly if my success last night had been a fluke, when the guardsman who had been sitting behind the desk returned followed by another guard who bowed before the captain.
 “Corporal Gillian here is representing the guard in the tourney,” the captain said, moving aside and motioning the guardsman forward. He nodded to Gillian. “Test his skill please,” he said moving back towards the wall.
Corporal Gillian faced me and bowed, drawing his sword. He was dressed in black like the other guards, with long blonde hair tied back neatly into a ponytail. A nasty scar traveled down across his face from just below his right eye over his nose to the corner of his mouth. But for the scar he would have been considered handsome. He was slightly shorter than me and moved with a quiet athleticism. 
Not knowing what else to do, I drew Gwensorloth, from its scabbard, and returned the bow. Gillian grinned, the horrible scar pulling his lip back into a sneer. 
“Touch swords,” ordered the captain.
Gillian held out his sword toward me. Swallowing, I did the same. He stepped back after our swords touched ringing out through the chamber.
“Begin!” the captain barked.
Gillian moved forward his blade flashing towards me. I blocked his blade, and he attacked in earnest, searching for a way through my defense. I parried the attack easily, my body knowing exactly what to do. Fear and worry flooded out of me as it always did during a physical contest. It was as if I’d held a blade my whole life. It was more than just second nature, it was part of me like the heartbeat within my chest. I was centered, strong, my muscles responding to my slightest whim. I had always been athletic; it helped having two Olympic athletes as parents.
I countered, pressing him a little, then fell back smiling. I could see weaknesses in his defense. I instinctively knew I could take advantage of them. A part of my mind found joy in the contest, in knowing I could beat him so easily, but something urged me not to make him look bad in front of his friends.
He attacked again, more determined, his blade a blur before me, but I easily defended myself. Elation replaced the last of my fear as our blades sang before us in a blur, the sound of steel on steel ringing out through the room. I let him press me back a few steps, then countered and pressed him until we were once more in the center of the room. Suddenly, he stepping back disengaging.
“He toys with me Captain Marchon. I am no match for him,” frowned the guard, perspiration beading on his forehead.
“So he does,” said the captain regarding me curiously. “Forgive me the test Gillian. I had to be sure.”
“My lord captain,” Gillian bowed, stepping back.
“The men about you are the very best of our Elite Guard,” the captain said, looking back at me and gesturing to the men standing around the room. “Each has been bloodied serving as bodyguard to a mage of the council, protecting them from physical attack. They are part of an elite force that hasn’t lost a battle in over five-hundred years.”
Captain Marchon grimaced. 
“But I’m afraid our once formidable reputation has been savaged by time, and by an extended peace. There was once over one hundred applicants for every one available position in the Guard. Now we scramble to recruit, lowering the bar that was once so high.”
 He walked over and placed a hand on Gillian’s shoulder.  “It has been over thirty years since a guardsman won the tournament.” Gillian nodded to some unspoken question and bowed again to his captain. The Captain smiled at him and patted his shoulder, turning back to me.
“I know that you didn’t accept service to the council Jake Gunn. The high mage of this city named you ‘Protector’ nonetheless, you are therefore one of us. I would have you enter the tournament as a member of the Guard and help us reclaim our glory. Word of a Guardsman taking the tournament would make our enemies think twice before physically attacking a Cenarian mage under our protection, and I would have them quake in their boots at more than the fear of magic. The people of our city and realm need reminding that the Guard is strong, that we are more than just city policemen or useless bodyguards to mages that don’t require any help.”
Captain Marchon paused, regarding me closely. “What say you?” 
“Accept,” came the barest whisper from inside my head. I thought I’d imagined it, and was going to ignore it, but I couldn’t escape the strong feeling that I needed to accept his offer. 
“Sure,” I heard myself answer. The guards ringing the room cheered and stepped forward patting me on the back and introducing themselves.


Chp. 16

Captain Marchon waited until the excitement had died down before ordering a uniform be issued to me. Corporal Gillian escorted me down the stairs behind the desk to a room where I was given a guardsmen’s uniform.
“Who did you study under?” he asked as I got dressed.
How did I answer that? Tell him I was an immortal, who was chosen by the imprisoned essence of an ancient mage to receive thousands of years of knowledge and experience in armed combat? I decided to give a partial truth, hoping it sated his curiosity and didn’t provoke any questions I couldn’t answer.
“A knight named Nisbet,” I said buckling my sword belt over the top of the black tunic.
“Sir Nisbet? Whoa… that explains it,” he said smiling in relief. “I wondered why you carried a Quail blade. Is it his?”
I nodded.
“Incredible.”

Once I’d finished putting on the uniform, Gillian led me back to the reception room. Captain Marchon and the guardsman on duty behind the desk were the only two men left in the room. The captain of the guard looked me over, nodding his approval.
“Drape the cloak over your sword to hide it,” he smiled. “Come, let us sign the scrolls, Guardsman Gunn.”
We left the Guard station and immediately entered a boisterous crowd. It had grown considerably during the time we had been inside. Captain Marchon and corporal Gillian walked in front of me, opening a small hole leading towards the brightly colored pavilion. We emerged through the crowd and found a line of men stretched to the right against the canvas, separated from the crowd by a vivid red silk barrier. They stood quietly waiting patiently to enter the tent, enduring the inspection of the crowd pressing against the barrier. The line stopped just short of the entrance to the grand pavilion, where two black clad guardsmen stood watch. We walked past the line to the guardsmen, who bowed as Captain Marchon approached. They stepped aside, and we passed into the tent. 
Another line formed just inside the doorway leading up to a large wooden table. We settled into the back of the line as I anxiously looked around the room. A plain white canvas hung down behind the table separating the room we were in from the rest of the huge tent. A muscular, dark haired man in his mid twenties stood before a panel of five middle-aged men seated behind the table. They spoke with him for a time, then he bowed, and was replaced by the next person in line. I watched as a young boy directed the dark-haired man through a tent flap near the table as we stepped forward.
The line moved forward slowly, filling in behind us as we progressed. I wished Toby were here, as well as Carla and Ivy. I wondered what they would say about me entering into a tournament, to fight with a sword. I was guessing they wouldn’t be too happy about it. I wondered if there was some way to let them know I would be there after this was over.
“Captain Marchon, is there anyway to inform my… employer what is going on? They are probably worried that I ….”
The captain of the guard smiled, interrupting me. 
“Already sent a rider out to explain. Don’t worry about them, they are well protected I assure you. You will need your full concentration on the tournament if you are to win.”
I was shocked at his presumption of my concern but glad that he had anticipated it so my friends wouldn’t be worrying. They would be apprehensive about me being in a tournament, of course, but not fearful that I was in a dungeon somewhere or banished from the kingdom. I guess it was that best I could expect under the circumstances.
When we finally stood before the table, one the men behind it stood and shook hands with Captain Marchon smiling. He was an older man with short-cropped gray hair and the eyes of a hawk. The others at the table all followed his lead.
“Are you really going to let Gillian fight in your stead Volare? I would give much to see you enter,” the man said. He was clearly a friend of the Captain’s. He looked at Gillian and bowed slightly. “No offense intended good corporeal.”
“None taken,” Gillian said returning the bow. “We all would like to see him enter again.”
“I’m afraid my blade is nearly as slow as your wits, Master Dorchus.” The captain laughed addressing his friend.
“I should be so quick-witted,” responded the man. “I sent a runner to inform you that we registered Corporal Gillian. Had I known you were waiting in the line, I would have told you immediately my friend. There is no need to test him, his skill is known well enough that he has already been set into the bracket. We just need to enchant his sword and…”
“Corporal Gillian is withdrawing,” Captain Marchon interrupted. “His replacement stands beside me.”
“Well, well… gamesmanship and intrigue! Kind of young isn’t he?” said Master Dorchus appraising me. The other men also looked me over trying to assess what skill I might have. “Your name?”
I was about to speak, but the captain beat me to it.
“Master Gunn,” he said smiling. 
“Master?” asked another one of the men behind the table. “Surely you jest good captain. Is he not too young to be given such a title?”
“Even so,” Captain Marchon grinned.
The men behind the table sat slowly back down into their chairs and eyed me suspiciously, obviously doubting what they’d heard. 
Master Dorchus grinned at Captain Marchon. “Truly my old friend?”
“Indeed,” said Captain Marchon, obviously enjoying this too much.
My heart raced, but I held back the panic ready to sweep me away by using the breathing techniques I’d learned with my therapist.
“Well then, ‘Master’ Gunn. Place your blade on the table, and sign the roll,” said the Captain’s friend exaggerating the word Master.
I started to unbuckle my belt.
“The blade itself will do.” Master Dorchus smiled.
I nodded and drew Gwensorloth out of its scabbard, placing it on the table before the men.
“A Quail blade!” stammered the man behind me in line. The men at the table gasped, their eyes wide in surprise. 
“Even so.” Captain Marchon said grinning wickedly.
Master Dorchus leaned forward, inspecting the beautiful blade without touching it. The other men behind the table leaned forward to examine it as well. 
“If someone had told me that I would live to see two such blades in one day, I would have thought them daft,” he whispered loud enough for those nearby to hear.
“Two?” Captain Marchon asked, taking his turn at being surprised.
His friend reluctantly looked up from the blade and nodded.
“Even so old friend.”
“Who is this sword master, one of the High Elves?” asked Captain Marchon incredulously.
“Indeed… a masked elf from Morgoz,” Master Dorchus confirmed.
“Morgoz?” Captain Marchon sputtered “A High Elf?”
Master Dorchus shrugged, nodding.

I signed near the bottom of a long list of names as instructed. One of the men behind the table, clothed in flowing yellow robes with silver embroidery, held his hands over Gwensorloth. A light green mist swirled around his hands, and he gingerly touched the point of the sword, then he nodded to Master Dorchus. 
Master Dorchus gestured to the beautifully crafted Quail Blade eying me. “Master Gunn, please forgive my sarcasm, it is extraordinarily rare to meet a fellow blade master. I have never in my life met one of your age. I should know by now that nothing is ever as it seems.”
“I would doubt me too.” I shrugged, retrieving Gwensorloth and placing it back in its scabbard.
He turned back to Captain Marchon. “He’ll have to be tested, and ranked in the bracket, since no one has seen him fight.”
“I have,” Corporal Gillian interrupted. “He took my best easily, I had no chance.”
“I have no reason to doubt you Corporal, but since none of the judges have any knowledge of his abilities, he will still need to test,” Master Dorchus said. 
“Who is on testing duty?” Captain Machon asked.
Master Dorchus smiled. “I believe your little brother, Lord Palfry Marchon is currently doing the testing Volare.”
A smile spread over both of their faces.

A young man in bright livery came through the tent flap behind the table, and asked us to follow him. Captain Marchon shook Master Dorchus’ hand, nodded to the other men on the panel, and we accompanied the page out of the room. 
Banners hung on the canvas walls of the sizeable room we followed the page into. Another panel of men sat behind a large black table running down one side of the large room. Before the table a circle had been painted on the low cut grass in the center of the room. 
A richly dressed Lord rose from a stool to the other side of the circle as we entered. He looked a lot like Captain Machon only quite a bit younger. He walked towards us across the low grass ring with a haughty confidence. 
“Brother!” he said stopping in front us. “Tell me you haven’t entered the tourney.”
Captain Marchon’s brow furrowed for only a moment, then he smiled and gave his brother an almost imperceptible bow.
“No, Palfry. I have not,” he replied.
The captain’s younger brother grinned, feigning relief  “I would have hated to show the panel how far your skills have fallen, Volare. I’m glad you will not be bringing more embarrassment upon our family’s name. Shouldn’t you be out busily guarding things, perhaps helping the elderly bring their goods home from market?” 
The obnoxious lord laughed before Captain Marchon could answer. “I wish I’d the time to visit brother, but they have need of my sword.”
“I’ve no desire to visit either Palfry. I’m just accompanying the Guard’s representative in for his test.” Captain Marchon smiled.
Marchon’s arrogant brother looked Gillian over and shrugged. “I guess starting out in a bottom position on the bracket is preferable to walking the wall on guard duty eh Corporal?”
Corporal Gillian exaggerated a bow to the pompous lord, a grin splitting his scarred face. 
“I enjoy guard duty milord, but I think I may enjoy this more.”
Lord Palfry smirked at him, shaking his head. “I’m afraid you will have little to enjoy once our swords cross guardsman.”
“It’s not me you have to worry about milord,” Corporal Gillian snickered, his awful scar turning his smile into something more nefarious.
Lord Palfry seemed to notice me for the first time and began to laugh. He turned still laughing and staggered back across the room back to his stool, overcome with overly indulged mirth. I felt my anger rising inside. This guy was such a douche bag! He was all attitude, like the undefeated team that played us in the last game, only worse. I wanted more than anything to take him down a few pegs.
“Destroy him Gunn!” Corporal Gillian whispered in my ear.
The page raised his voice over the lord’s laughter. “Master Gunn of the guard is here to prove his worth. Will you have him?”
“We will,” intoned the eight men sitting behind the ebony table.
“Is his opponent ready?” continued the page.
“Give me a moment,” said the obnoxious lord still trying to contain his laughter.
Captain Marchon patted me on the shoulder as I waited for the jerk to stop laughing. “Your blade is enchanted to prevent injury while in the city. Your strikes will bring the pain they would have dealt, but no death. The only evidence of a strike will be a black stain that will go away after ten minutes or so.” 
“Gentlemen please have a seat,” the page whispered to Captain Marchon and Corporal Gilian indicating a row of chairs to the side. 
“Please,” said the Captain loudly, smiling at me. “Feel free to enjoy yourself.”
Lord Palfry stood, still chuckling and walked to the edge of the circle. “I’m sure I will, brother.”
The page indicated that I stand on the opposite side of the ring. I walked over and stood, testing the traction of the low grass. It was shorter than a green on a golf course and offered great footing.
“Is his opponent ready?” asked the page again.
“He is,” answered the overconfident lord.
I looked up from the grass.
“Face the panel,” the page ordered.
I turned and faced the panel.
“Unsheathe your blades.”
I pulled Gwensorloth out of its scabbard.
“Salute.”
I brought the hilt of my sword to my heart, knowing somehow that this was how I was supposed to salute. 
“Face your opponent.”
I turned and faced the Captain’s loathsome brother. He was standing casually looking at me as though I was less than human. I stared back.
“Salute.”
The lord before me only nodded as I held my blade up before my eyes, hilt resting on my chest.
“Begin!” said the members of the panel as one.
I brought my blade down slowly until the tip of Gwensorloth touched the grass. Lord Palfry Marchon stepped indifferently into the circle, “It starts when you enter, boy,” he snickered.
I looked into his eyes and took a step forward, blade still low.
“Guldan’s defense… how boring,” he said sword held before him casually.
“Whatever,” I said aloud, my mind suddenly crystal clear.
Lord Palfry didn’t like my tone and licked out with his blade, I stepped to the side lightly, my counter leaving his elbow black. He roared in pain, stepping back, his eyes suddenly intense. Our blades met again. He was quick and well balanced, but I could see holes in his defense as we danced around the inside of the circle. Intuition told me which ones were accidental and which were traps.
I pressed an attack, Gwensorloth a blur of shining steel before me, forcing him into a mistake. I took advantage of the split second lapse and scored three times, once to the ribs, once to the hip and once to the thigh, before spinning easily away from his counter. He hissed in pain and nearly dropped to his knee, his fury betrayed by his astonishment. I stepped back rather than taking off his head.
I could see in his eyes then, that he knew I would beat him. He lurched back to his feet, settling into a defensive stance. He moved like he was wounded. I wondered briefly if the enchantment carried not only the pain of being stuck, but its effect as well.
“Do you require a minute my lord?” I asked stepping back as well, my blade out to the side.
“Impertinent wretch!” Lord Palfry growled. “I’ll piss on your bloated corpse.” A knife appeared in his hand and he threw it at me. I effortlessly knocked the dark blade off its path towards my face with a flick of my wrist.
“Doubtful,” I said and attacked.

I sheathed Gwensorloth and stepped to the side as Lord Palfry Marchon staggered forward dropping to his knees crying out in pain, a large dark stain spreading over the front of his rich blue and white doublet, his sword falling uselessly to the grass. He sat back on his boot heels gasping for breath as low moans escaped his lips. 
“The test is complete,” the page called out. “Stand before the panel.”
I left the circle, turning my back on the gasping lord. Captain Marchon appeared at my side and offered me the dagger his brother had thrown at me, his smile said it all. The blade was nine inches long and made out of some kind of dark blue-gray metal. The hilt was serpent-like with rubies where the eyes should have been.
 “It appears my brother no longer has need of this,” he said chuckling and handing it to me. I accepted the blade and put it under my belt.
The judges gathered behind the lacquered, ebony table discussing the fight, then returned to their seats. A balding, older man stood and nodded to me.
“Master Gunn, you are deemed fit to enter the tournament. Furthermore, it has been decided that you shall be bracketed in the semi-finals. Return at the fifth bell ready to do combat,” he said and bowed to me. The other members of the panel rose and bowed as well.

I left the pavilion with Captain Marchon and Corporal Gillian and we made our way through the gathering crowds to a café bordering the square. The owner appeared immediately and escorted us to a table on the patio next to the street. 
“Captain Marchon, it is always a pleasure. What will it be today? I have an amazing Pesce alla Griglia special. Featuring a grilled Tagla bass marinated in herbs and a port reduction, served over a bed of lupine rice, with wild barberrys, and steamed Lozno squash. The chef is also serving a spiced venison steak sautéed in a bath of fresh butter, garlic and peppercorns with Lozno potatoes and spiced apples.”
“The venison steak sounds great Bouillion,” Captain Marchon said.
“I can assure you that you will not regret that choice my captain,” Bouillion said bowing. “And you good sirs?”
Corporal Gillian shrugged. “Sounds good to me.”
“I don’t need anything,” I said quickly. I was absolutely starving, but I didn’t have any money. 
“Nonsense! I won’t have it!” Bouillion said putting his hands on his hips. 
I shrugged. A wave of panic started to rise inside of me. “I’m afraid I don’t have anything to pay you with.”
Bouillion smiled and reached down to pat my shoulder. “You are new to the guard I see. The elite guard have an account with all the restaurateurs in Lockewood my young friend. The city picks up the bill for all of their food and drink.”
“Great benefit if you ask me,” Gillian smiled winking.
Relief flooded through me, “Then I’d like to try the fish please.”
“Good choice!” Bouillion said clapping me on the back again.
“And to drink? A bottle of wine perhaps? I have a port from Kris’co that is divine,” he said to Captain Marchon.
“We must pass on the wine, just food and water for now.”
“I will personally bring it out when it is ready,” Bouillion said and left us.


Chp. 17

Captain Marchon and Corporal Gillian talked about affairs of the city while we waited for the food to arrive. I was grateful the conversation didn’t center on me, I didn’t want to have to answer a lot of questions. I let myself relax and watched the crowd gathering for the tournament.
Brightly dressed vendors mingled with the throng, selling everything from food and wine, to flags, handcrafted goods, and betting books. The sound of their voices barking out their wares and services joined the excited laughter of children, the singing of troubadours, and the horns, flutes, guitars, and drums of wandering musicians, adding to the growing cacophony of noise. 
As I looked out over the square, the water suddenly stopped spraying from the fountain in the center of the square and a loud cheering erupted. Workers began to erect raised platforms in a circle around the fountain’s base. Before our food arrived, at least twelve large wooden platforms stood above the growing crowd. 
A troupe of acrobats started performing in the street in front of our café making it more difficult to watch the construction. After only a few minutes a crowd swelled around their show completely blocking our view of the square.
“Gypsies from the plain,” Corporal Gillian said shaking his head at the acrobats. “Watch the crowd around them carefully. The performance is just a ruse to distract the people, while their children steal purses.” 
I saw a boy standing near a richly dressed couple. He bumped into them in an effort to see the performers. Unable to see, he moved near someone else and bumped against them repeating his effort to see.
“That boy!” I said pointing, “How did you know?”
“We warned them yesterday,” Corporal Gillian said.
“Unfortunately, they appear to have ignored the warning,” Captain Marchon said.
I looked from Captain Marchon to Corporal Gillian waiting for them to get up and doing something about the robbery taking place, but neither of them lifted more than an eyebrow. 
The boy I had been watching suddenly screamed and fell to his knees as the acrobats cried out in pain and tumbled to the ground writhing in agony. A shimmering light slowly enveloped the gypsies and the boy, and then they just vanished. The crowd that had surrounded them cried out, astonished. I saw several people in the crowd reach down to pick up pouches and purses at their feet.
“Banished?” I asked hardly believing what I saw.
“Even so,” Captain Marchon nodded.
I was shocked. Coach had been right.
“Where to?”
“To the southwestern border of Cenaria, at the base of the Karnon Mountains. They are King Windhammer’s problem now,” Captain Marchon said shaking his head.
A deep bell rang out above the noise of the crowd in the square, and another cheer erupted.
“Ahh… the tournament begins,” Bouillion said setting steaming hot plates of food on the table in front of us. “Will there be anything else?”

The meal was delicious. As I ate, I watched men mount the platforms and duel in front of a referee. The contests were too far away to see any of the action clearly. All I could see was the occasional flash of steel in the afternoon sun. The jubilant crowd cheered and groaned as their favorites won or lost.
“Perhaps you would allow Corporal Gillian to warm you up before your match Master Gunn,” Captain Marchon said pushing his plate away from him.
“It would be my honor!” Gillian said smiling.
“That would be great. I could use some practice.” 
“The matches seem to be moving quickly, but the fifth bell is a long ways off. Corporal, why don’t you show our champion around Lockewood. Be sure and arrive back at the Guard station by the forth bell,” the captain said pushing back his chair and standing. “I have some pressing concerns to take care of, but I will meet you there before the fifth bell.”
Corporal Gillian stood and bowed as Captain Marchon left our table disappearing into the crowd.
“If you’re finished, I’ll show you around.”
I nodded and followed Gillian out of the café after thanking Bouillion for my meal. The gregarious restaurant owner laughed and patted my back affectionately, before returning to his other customers. 
Gill and I wound our way through the boisterous crowd and entered a side street exiting the crowded square. Most of the storefronts we passed had signs in the windows announcing that they were closed due to the tournament. I tried to put the tournament out of my mind and looked around as we walked down the street. People rushed down the avenue past the closed shops towards the city square excitement etched onto their features. There was an air of anticipation; palpable and urgent like the delivery rooms in a hospital. 
I hadn’t noticed until then how clean the streets were. There wasn’t a hint of trash to be found. The streets gleamed as though they had just been cleaned. With all the foot traffic there should have been some trash, but there wasn’t. It was hard to believe. Even in an upscale city like Fairview you could find cigarette butts and other small bits of trash in the gutters and gum stains on the sidewalks.
As we walked down the amazingly clean street my thoughts turned to my friends, and I wondered where they were. I knew Toby was probably beside himself, even if word had reached them already from Captain Marchon. I trusted my friend completely, but couldn’t help despairing at what I might be putting Ivy through. I knew Toby and Carla would be there for her, but I still felt like I had abandoned her. I searched my thoughts hoping to get some type of reassurance from the voice. But I heard nothing. The voice had said that I would hear him as intuition, so I tried to search that aspect of my thoughts, and found little comfort.
Gillian stopped before a building with a darkened sign. The white letters ‘ATO’ barely discernable on its blackened surface. 
“Here we are!” he said exuberantly.
The small storefront’s windows were as dark as its sign. I couldn’t tell anything about what it may be. So I shrugged. Gillian saw my gesture and smiled.
“Most of the serious wagers in Lockewood go through this betting house. I grew up with the owners son,” Gillian said opening the front door.
Some very serious looking men with swords at their waists stepped in front of us as we opened the door. Gillian smiled at them.
“Tell Salinas that Gill is here. I have some information that he will want to know.”
One of the men nodded at the other. He acknowledged the unspoken command and left giving Gillian an angry look as he did.
“Why they hire imbeciles to guard their door, I’ll never know,” Gillian said completely ignoring the dirty look he got from the remaining bouncer.
After a few minutes the other bruiser returned.
“Salinas said to bring you back. Follow me.”
We followed the bouncer through a series of dreary halls and up a stairwell to a beautifully crafted wooden door. A relief had been carved into the solid wood of an angel protecting a child, its wings folding around the babe. The intricacy of detail in the wings was truly amazing. The artist who had carved the relief into the door had been a master craftsman.  
The bouncer knocked reverently against the amazing door. After a moment the door opened. A man in his mid-twenties, dressed in a rich looking, embroidered purple tunic opened the door. 
“Gillian!” he said smiling and stepped out to embrace the guardsman, “How are you my old friend? Why did you pull out? You were forty to one to pull it off, pretty good odds actually.”
Gillian laughed, “That is what I’ve come to tell you about my friend. I hope you’re not too busy.”
“It’s the busiest day of the year Gill, as you well know, but I always have time for you,” Salinas laughed. “Don’t just stand there you two, come on in, father is fixing the odds bracket as we speak.”
“Any upsets so far?”
“None that weren’t anticipated. It’s shaping up to be a good day.”
We followed him into a huge room with a large chalkboard against one wall. Pages were hustling about the room, updating the board and delivering wagers to a huge table filled with male and female scribes writing furiously in ledger books.
“So why did you pull out Gillian?” said Salinas gesturing towards a large desk and a couple of chairs that sat in front of it.
Gillian laughed aloud. “You know why.”
Salinas grinned at his friend and nodded. “The guard with the Quail blade.” He looked at me and smiled, “I see you have brought him.”
Gillian nodded and walked to one of the chairs in front of the desk. He smiled at his friend and sat down, putting his feet up on the immaculate desk. “That I have dear Salinas.”
“Ahh.” Salinas said, “Please sit Master Gunn.”
I sat in the preferred chair as Gillian’s friend went around to the other side of the desk and sat down, ignoring Gillian’s feet on his expensive desk. “How can I help you?”
“I would place a wager.”
“I thought as much, but seeing as how your Quail blade wielding guardsmen friend here was put in the semifinals, I doubt you will get very favorable odds,” he said and then leaned in, his demeanor becoming intense. “Unless that is you are here to place a bet against?”
 Gill laughed loudly. “As, if Sal!”
Salinas smiled and leaned back in his chair once more. “Just checking. You could increase your fortune substantially you know if…”
“Put the thought from your mind my friend. It’s not happening.”
“I’m afraid 7-2 is the best you’re going to get then.”
 “Never-the-less I want to bet my whole account on his winning.”
Salinas’s eyebrows reacted in surprise though his face betrayed little. “All of it, my friend?”
“Yeah, he beat me so easily it was scary, Sal.”
“Really?” Salinas asked his eyebrows reacting even more if possible. He drummed his fingers before him on the desk.
“I’ve never faced his like.”
“Captain Marchon?”
“Not even him on his best day.”
Gillian’s friend sat back obviously impressed. 
“There are two Quail Blades entered, his and the masked Blood Elf’s. Smart money is on the elf.”
“Just put the whole lot on him Sal, and if you have any sense, hedge your bets towards Master Gunn here. He is nigh unbeatable.”
“Hmmm,” Salinas murmured considering his friend’s request. He looked me over and nodded. “Think you will win the tourney?”
I shrugged, what else could I do. I had no idea what would happen. Part of me was dreading the bell signaling my duel, another part of me couldn’t wait to test my newfound abilities. 
“Seriously Sal, hedge them. I only came here so you wouldn’t be ruined betting against him because of his age,” Gillian smiled, his scar making the grin somehow seem more ominous. 
“Father already split the wagering evenly relying on the house cut, against my argument to the contrary. I advised hedging towards the elf,” he said smiling, then looked at me apologetically. “No offense to you Master Gunn.”
“None taken,” I replied.
“At least your father has some sense,” Gillian laughed. 
“I can’t imagine the Blood Elf losing,” Salinas said leaning forward and appraising me more thoroughly. “He beat Kalifor in two passes.”
Gillian laughed, “Honestly, that isn’t saying as much as it once would have. Kalifor has lost a step. I almost beat him last year and I was sick.”
“No doubt it would have been a closer match,” Salinas smiled.
Gillian grimaced at his friend. 
“Do what you will, but don’t say I didn’t warn you.” 
Salinas spread his hands in a gesture of apology. 
“Gill, I meant no offense. I only meant to offer a comparison. Surely you will agree that Kalifor and Lord Palfry are on two different levels. Your friend here, embarrassed Sir Palfry badly, so I’m told, but it’s not much of a comparison I’m afraid.” 
“So be it, you were warned Sal. Place my bet. I’ll be here to collect my wager tomorrow.”
“Done my friend, at 7-3.”
“7-2. Just have my gold ready tomorrow,” Gill said taking his feet off of Salinas’s desk and standing.  

Corporal Gillian started for the door. I stood up and followed. The thug escorted us out of the building back into the street. 
“I’m sorry if he offered you insult Master Gunn, my friend has always been brutally honest.”
“I have a friend that is just like him and I’d prefer just plain old Jake, if you don’t mind,” I said thinking of Carla as we walked down the street against the flow of traffic moving towards the square.
Corporal Gillian nodded, “My friends call me Gill.”
As we walked through the city Gill pointed out some shops all of which were closed while we talked. I found myself relaxing in his company. His personality was warm and inviting despite the nasty scar across his face, which on first glance would lead you to believe otherwise. Many people acknowledged him as we walked. Their greetings were warm and respectful. Obviously, he was well liked and admired.
We made our way through the bustling crowds to the far side of the city, to a stone battlement that stood high above the massive city wall. We entered the tower and climbed the stairs leading to the top. When we emerged from the stairwell, I found myself on a wide platform surrounded by a low parapet with deep crenels cut into its sides. From the top of the tower battlement I looked out over the city and valley that it sat in. It was an absolutely beautiful, majestic view. The city truly was enormous. I looked over the tiled roofs towards the taller buildings that circled the great city square and shook my head at the grandeur of it.
After letting me look out over his city for a few minutes, Gill led me over to one side of the platform where we looked out over the enormous wall fifty feet below. I hadn’t understood how wide the wall was when I’d entered the city. A car could be driven down its center with room to spare on either side. The first thought to enter my head was an image of ‘The Great Wall’ of China’.
 “Your first time to Lockewood I take it?” Gill asked with a smile.
 I nodded hoping he wouldn’t ask me where I was from. To my relief he looked out over the wall and pointed.
“The wall extends around the entire city,” Gill said proudly. “ It was built by the Dwarfs of Thunderhome several millennia ago as payment to Cenaria for aiding them in ‘The Battle of Deep Glade.’ They built a wall around the capitol city of Notheis as well, which is much larger than this.”
“Several millennia… you mean three thousand years ago?” I asked in awe. The scope and craftsmanship of the wall was beyond anything I had ever seen. And dwarves of all things had built it? It was crazy to even consider, but with everything that had gone over the last two days I wasn’t too shocked.
“The city has fallen a few times since it was built, but the wall has ever stood.” 
“Must have been some battle for them to build such a thing,” I said trying to imagine how long it must have taken to build a wall this size around such a large city. 
“You haven’t heard of the Battle of Deep Glade before?”
When was I going to learn to shut up. 
“Sorry, I never cared much for history,” I said trying to sound non-chalant. “It was important?”
Gill laughed. 
“You have a gift for understatement, my friend. The Battle of Deep Glade lasted nigh on a year. The legends say that High Lord Thallium and other powerful members of the imperial council were visiting Thunderhome at the request of King Hammervil, the dwarf king, when a massive earthquake all but destroyed the Dwarves’ port city of Antral. 
As the dwarves were responding to the disaster, an underworld horde led by the goblin king Guthtrak swarmed out of fissures created by the quake, and fell upon them. Only a handful of dwarves escaped slaughter as the city was overrun. The survivors fled to Deep Glade, the southern entrance to Thunderhome, just ahead of the underworld army. 
It is said that Thallium and the other members of the council held back the ravaging horde long enough for King Hammervil to raise his army. Without their help, the dwarven nation would not exist. They would have been overrun completely and wiped from the face of Athnas.”
“Wow,” was all I could manage to say. 
“Class dismissed,” Gill laughed clapping me good-naturedly on the back. “We had better start back, the third bell should sound any minute and it may take awhile to get through the crowds,” 
No sooner had he spoken than a large bell peeled three times from the center of the city.

Gill was right, it took us quite awhile to push our way through the crowds and make our way back to the guard station. The people entering the square were more tightly packed than a Los Angeles freeway during rush hour. The massive square itself was filled with a sea of people all cheering combatants on the platforms. As we finally pushed our way into the guard station the fourth bell sounded.


Chp. 18

There were only two guardsmen in the reception area, besides the guard on duty behind the desk. They both greeted Gill as we entered the room. Gill explained to them that he was going to warm me up for the tournament and they moved the two chairs aside giving us more room.
“Your blade is still enchanted Jake, so don’t worry about hurting me,” Gill said drawing his blade.
I drew Gwensorloth and saluted him. Sure, it wouldn’t cause lasting damage, but it obviously hurt like hell. There was no way I was going to do that to him. I felt bad about hurting Captain Marchon’s brother, and I hadn’t liked him. I determined not to let my blade touch him as we crossed blades and started dueling. 
It’s hard to describe the calm joy that comes over me when a competition finally starts. Any anxiety I have just fades away. My breathing relaxes and my thoughts become clearer somehow. It’s the only time I feel truly free in body and mind.  All the preparation and practice gives purpose to my focused thoughts, and my body becomes a tool to that purpose. I hadn’t personally gone through any preparation or practice for sword fighting, and yet it was a part of me as Gill and I danced back and forth, our swords flashing before us. Thallium’s gift had seen to the knowledge and experience, and it was all a part of me now, even as the blade I held was an extension of my arm.
I followed him through his different defenses and parried or countered his attacks. I knew from my sparring sessions in Aikido, that there was an intimacy involved in testing your physical skill against another person, but fighting with a deadly sword in your hand took that to a whole new level. 
I’d always enjoyed watching duels in movies, usually rooting for the good guy, though I have to admit, I was rooting for the horned Sith guy in Star Wars and wished he’d stayed around a bit longer. I knew as I danced back and forth with Gill, that the movies didn’t begin to show the subtleties and nuances of sword fighting. How could they? An actor had maybe a month to learn the choreography for a fight scene, and they had to do it in a safe way. You never heard of an actor being skewered or losing a limb on accident during filming.
Gill backed off, breathing hard and smiled. I smiled back and saluted him again.
“If I could spar with you for ten years, I still wouldn’t be remotely close to your ability Jake. How did you move from the Petri attack into Guldan’s defense so easily?”
I shrugged. What could I say? It had all just become a part of me. It was effortless, natural like breathing.
“ You don’t give yourself enough credit Gill. You are an amazing swordsman,” I said.
He frowned and sheathed his blade. “I hope Captain Marchon agrees to my request, but I did put the horse before the cart a bit. I should have asked you first, forgive me.”
“Forgive you what?” I asked, starting to get worried.
He offered me his hand.
“I’ve asked Captain Marchon for a leave of absence. It is obvious that you are more than a mercenary guarding a wagon for a merchant, and I would be a part of whatever it is you intend. Will you allow me to go with you on your mission, Jake? I cannot stand apart for this. I know Cenaria like the back of my hand, where it is clear, my friend, that you do not. Allow me join your quest.”
I stood there in a shock for a moment not knowing what to do. As I looked down at his hand relief began to well up from within me, as if part of the purpose for my staying to fight in this tournament had been achieved. I knew immediately it was Thallium and reached out taking Gill’s hand.
“If your captain releases you, I’d be honored,” I said smiling back at my new friend.


I was talking with Gill and the other guardsmen when Captain Marchon came in and announced that it was time. Gill and I followed him out of the station after the guardsmen had wished me luck, and we pressed our way through the jam-packed crowd to the brightly colored pavilion. We entered the same way we had earlier in the day, only the tents interior had changed dramatically. The canvas walls inside had been rolled up to the ceiling, opening the entire tent as one large room.  
Cots filled with men recovering from their duels filled the open space in neat rows. As we walked through the space I noticed the black stains on their clothing. Men and women in various colored robes were attending many of the former combatants. As I looked around a thought occurred to me.
“Why are they still wounded? I thought the wounds faded after ten minutes,” I asked looking around.
“That was for the testing,” Captain Marchon said picking his way through the cots. “If someone is wounded in a duel, but wins and has to fight again, they stay wounded, just as they would in a battle.”
“For how long?”
“They keep their wounds until the tournament is complete,” Captain Marchon answered. 
It didn’t seem very humane. Quite a few of the earlier contestants appeared to be suffering horribly despite the ministrations of the robed attendants.
We exited the opposite side of the large circus tent and I found myself in a small staging area behind the main platform. Someone up on the platform was speaking to the crowd. Fifty-thousand people or more roared in response to whatever it was he was saying. The sound was deafening. 
“We must make our leave now Master Gunn,” Captain Marchon shouted above the crowd noise. “This area is for the contestants alone. Whatever happens, the Guard will be proud of you!”
He clapped me on the back. Gill winked, and followed his captain around the platform out into the crowd.
I watched them go and turned around wondering if there was a place I could sit down to wait until it was my turn to duel. An elegantly dressed elf stood before me. He bowed low, his long blond hair falling forward around his handsome face. I returned the bow awkwardly.
“We shall have the honor of crossing blades,” he said smiling brightly.
He was slightly shorter than me and weighed quite a bit less, but he looked extraordinarily athletic. His face was angular, with high cheekbones and flawless, lightly tanned skin. His eyes were merry and as blue as a Caribbean sea. It was hard to believe creatures so incredible truly existed.
“I am Lathris, of Lor Lorenith,” he smiled, putting his hand over his heart.
“Jake,” I said, and extended my hand, not knowing what else to do. 
“Jake then,” he laughed taking my hand. His laughter was so contagious I found myself smiling. “Perhaps it shall be a more formal salutation after you finish your quest.”
I tried not to let my smile become a frown. How did everyone seem to know about my quest? I decided to play dumb.
“What quest?”
The smile disappeared from his handsome face as the stately elf regarded me. 
“Shall we speak of these matters after our match? I think it best that we don’t let the death drinker in on our conversation just yet,” he said nodding over to where a figure draped in dark clothing sat, a mask covering his features. As I regarded him, he reached up and pulled off the mask. 
I looked at the figure in black and recognized him immediately. It was one of the musicians from The Pregnant Wench, the flute player that Brianna had been so enthralled with. Feeling my gaze, the blood elf looked up at me and smiled, then tapped his ear to let me know he could hear what we were saying. 
“Okay…” I said, pulling my gaze from the musician, back to Lathris.
A loud bell rang out over the noise of the crowd.
“It’s time, Jake,” the regal elf said smiling once more and gesturing towards the stairs leading to the platform. 

I followed him as he lightly ran up the stairs and onto the platform. The sea of people surrounding the raised stage erupted into deafening cheers as we made our way over to a circle painted onto the top of the platform. A robed figure stood facing away from us towards the throng. I let my gaze wander over the immense square. It was filled to overflowing.
He let the crowd go on for a few minutes, then held his hands up for quiet. His voiced soared over the enormous crowd like an announcer at a boxing match. I looked around but didn’t see any PA system or speakers. Some sort of magic must have amplified his voice. 
“The second semi-final match pits Master Gunn of our very own Guard against Prince Lathris Goldenfern of Lor Lorenith. The winner shall advance to the finals,” he said pausing as a page ran up onto the stage and handed him a piece of paper. Reading the note, he held up his hands for quiet. “Where he will meet… the legendary swordsman, Guldan,” he shouted and turned towards us.
The crowd noise swelled up and crashed over the wooden platform as he looked at us both and shrugged as if in apology for who the winner would have to face in the finals.
“Take your places on the edge of the circle,” he said, his voice magnified over the crowd noise.
The elf standing before me was a prince? I moved to the edge of the painted circle and faced the high elf from Lor Lorenith.
“Salute,” said the robed announcer.
I drew Gwensorloth out of its scabbard and saluted. Lathris did the same with his elegant shining blade.
“Begin.”
The roar of the crowd faded into the background as I stepped forward and touched blades with the elven swordsman. His opening attack was tentative and I responded easily, my body and mind at one with my sword. He was far better than anyone I’d faced yet, his blade faster, his movements more sure and his technique perfect. 
I saw openings as we moved back and forth across the platform, but they were fleeting and quickly covered. I felt joy singing through my veins as we danced, our swords a blur of death. 
I decided to press him and see just how good he was. I went through a series of attacking feints and slashes I instinctively knew were called ‘The Quails Run,’ and Lathris fell back before me a joyous smile on his lips. I could feel myself mirroring his grin as he defended himself using a variant of Guldan’s defense. I relented in my attack and let him take the offensive. His blade was lightning and flashed in the late afternoon sun as he pressed me backwards. I countered, and parried, met his every slash and lunge. He relented not able to get past my guard, his grin giving way to laughter. Somewhere in the back of my mind I realized the crowd had gone silent.
I found myself laughing as well as we traded attacks and defenses. I didn’t take advantage of the few openings I revealed in his guard, I was too busy reveling in the joy of the dance. It was so much fun I forgot about everything but the fight. 
I decided to turn it up a notch knowing somehow that I had higher skill levels I hadn’t explored yet. I attacked and he fell back before me across the stage, then suddenly jumped back and held up his hand. I stepped back from my attack. My regal opponent took a knee and placed his sword before him at the edge of the circle.
“I yield,” he said still laughing. “You are my better Light-Bearer.”
I became aware of the sudden tumultuous cheering of the crowd. I sheathed Gwensorloth and stood panting from the exertion.
“Prince Lathris of Lor Lorenith yields,” shouted the announcer over the cheering crowd. “Master Gunn of the city guard advances!”
The regal elf picked up his sword and sheathed it. He smiled and started walking towards me when he suddenly stopped, looking towards the stairs a dark look of hatred coming over his beautiful face. I turned and saw the blood elf step onto the platform. The crowd stopped their cheering as the pale elf crossed over to stand in front of me. 
“Our blades cannot cross young Immortal. So I too yield,” he said taking a knee and pulling out his blade. It was a quail blade. The cross guard on the ornate hilt was much like my own, though subtly different. I took a deep breath as he laid the sword at my feet.
“Lord Guldan yields!” shouted the announcer. “Master Gunn is champion of the tournament!”
The crowd went wild. Roses and gold coins showered onto platform as the blood elf retrieved his blade and stood.
I was utterly shocked. Was this the same Guldan that invented the defensive technique? 
“Perhaps you and my brother from Lor Lorenith will speak to me of this quest to which I’ve been called,” he said standing confidently before me as people rushed onto the stage to congratulate me. I was hoisted onto shoulders. “After the celebration of course,” he smiled darkly.


Somehow they carried me down the stairs and out into the sea of revelers. I hated every minute of it but smiled back knowing that I was representing Marchon’s city guard. I concentrated on my breathing and waved, as I was carried around like a trophy above the crowd. I hardly noticed the faces of the people swarming around me. I did see a couple of extraordinarily beautiful women my handlers stopped before, so they could place garlands over my head. All they did was remind me of Ivy. At least it was over now, and I’d be able to get back to my friends.
I don’t know how long I was carried around, but it felt like hours. Just when I thought I would lose the battle with my growing anxiety, guardsmen surrounded us and I was gently lowered back to the ground. Captain Marchon clapped me on the back proudly. “We’ll done Master Gunn, well done!” he shouted. 
Gill handed me a pouch that rustled when I accepted it. “From the stage,” he yelled into my ear as the guardsmen started gently pushing through the crowd. We were showered with flower petals, coins and even a guarder belt or two on our way back to the guard station as the crowds around us began singing what I assumed was the national song of Ceneria. 
When we had finally made our way inside, a couple of guardsmen bolted the thick wooden door behind us. For a moment there was silence, then the guards cheered and took turns congratulating me. I gave Gill back the pouch and asked him to share it amongst the guard. It didn’t feel right keeping it. Gill smiled at me and nodded, then began passing out the coins. Captain Marchon called for quiet when the last of the coin had been doled out.
“There will be a celebration tonight the like of which hasn’t been seen in many a year. Your presence among the people of the city is needed,” he said, a stern look coming over his features. “Tonight the ban against drinking while on duty is lifted, but embarrass your uniforms and you’ll wish you hadn’t been born. Do I make myself clear?”
“Yes Captain!” the guardsmen said in one voice.
“Good.” Captain smiled. “Dismissed.”
The guards gathered in the room cheered and began filing down the stairs.

After a giving the guard a chance to leave the room, Captain Marchon and Gill led me down the stairs as well. I followed them down a hallway, past the room where Gill had given me the guard’s uniform, and up a flight of stairs to a dining hall. Dark stained banners and pendants, hung down the paneled walls on either side of the long room. A variety of weapons were suspended from hooks below them, trophies from battles long ended. A long, worn table, big enough to serve fifty people, ran down the center of the room. At the far end of the table Lord Lathris of Lor Lorenith stared angrily across the eating surface at Lord Guldan, the blood elf.  The blood elf had a bored expression on his face.
As we drew near I heard Lathris growl if such a sound could come from such a fair voice.
“If you must go death drinker, then so shall I!”
The dark clothed blood elf waved his hand dismissively. “Do as you will, little brother.”
Both turned as we approached. Lord Lathris stood up and bowed deeply. The blood elf only nodded.
“Please have a seat,” Captain Marchon said gesturing to the benches on either side of the table as he sat in a chair at its head. Corporal Gillian and I sat down by Prince Lathris leaving the blood elf alone on the other side. “What is this business about joining Master Gunn’s quest?”
“The death drinker here says he is called to the ‘Light Bearer’s’ quest,” the high elf nearly spat. 
“Brother,… I am one of the ten,” the blood elf sighed, rolling his dark eyes.
“I ceased being your brother when you became a death drinker and joined our enemies, Guldan,” Lathris said, clenching and unclenching his fists before him on the table. “You’ve disgraced our people. You are my sworn enemy now, not my brother.”
“I am of the covenant, and I remain one of the ten despite your hatred, little brother,” Guldan said shrugging.
“One of the ten immortals?” I said, hardly believing what I was hearing. 
Guldan nodded at me and spread his hands. “I felt your presence even before I felt the council’s call to you.”
Captain Marchon held up his hands for quiet. 
“Master Gunn, perhaps it is best if you tell your tale from the beginning, so we can best discern what council to give you, that is, if you wish our council at all,” Captain Marchon said looking at me.
I felt small and swallowed, as everyone stared at me, waiting. Thallium had warned me not to divulge too much. To be careful of whom I confided in. I had been following Thallium’s advice and hadn’t really had time to process whether I should be or not. By his own admission he had caused the problem I was suppose to fix. Millions of people had suffered and died because of his mistake. The current leader of the council of mages seemed to trust him, but they had also shriven his essence from his body as punishment for his crime. 
As I sat there wondering how much I should say. I realized the mage council had given Thallium a chance at redemption. Could I do any less?
 I took a deep breath and decided to follow my intuition which Thallium seemed to be guiding. I told them about Sir Nisbet, Brianna’s father, Coach McNally, the portal, basically everything but how I’d gained my weapon’s knowledge from the sword. Several times during my story one or another of the four listening would ask me to clarify something. The dark elf seemed particularly interested in Brianna and her father, frowning deeply as I explained in more detail.
When I was finished, the room was filled with an uncomfortable silence. I could hear my heart beating loudly in my ears, as the familiar rush of anxiety started to well up inside me. I concentrated on my breathing hoping they couldn’t hear my racing pulse.
After what seemed like an hour, but in reality were only a few minutes, Captain Marchon spoke. “There is much more I would know before offering any council, but that you could use some help in this quest I have no doubt. It is your mission Master Gunn. It is up to you to decide who accompanies you, and who does not. It is no easy thing you must accomplish.”
Prince Lathris sighed loudly. “I must respectfully disagree with you good captain. This undertaking is fraught with many dangers and may hinge upon who is selected for the task. Forgive me Light-Bearer, but it sounds to me as if you know little of how to accomplish your quest, and I fear, little about how to choose companions to insure its success.”
“Be that as it may Prince Lathris, it is his quest, and his choice,” Captain Marchon reiterated.
The blood elf chuckled lazily drawing everyone’s attention. 
“I know where the Demon can be found for what that is worth. Maybe it should fall on me to decide who goes and who stays.”
“You will decide nothing, Guldan,” Prince Lathis said in an even tone. “I know of your lies and disloyalty. I will not allow you to be a part of this.”
Guldan’s eyes grew hard as he stared across the table.
“Do you think I gave up my family, my people and turned into the monster I am on a whim, dear brother? No, I will join the quest whether or not I am invited by this fledgling immortal,” Lord Guldan said leaning back in his chair.
Captain Marchon nodded towards the doorway we had entered in moments it filled with guards. They didn’t enter, but waited for another signal.
Prince Lathris’ musical laughter rang through the room.
The dark elf glanced towards the guards in the doorway, then at his fair-haired brother and smiled grimly.
Captain Marchon shrugged. 
“If Master Gunn decides against you I will hold you here until he is far away and beyond your interference.” Then he looked at me. “What say you?”

I felt a sudden, overwhelming desire to accept the dark elf’s help. I knew it was the Thallium’s voice, because until that moment there was no way I was going to allow anyone but Gill to come along. As incredulous as it seemed, if I was going to allow Thallium his chance at redemption I knew I had to accept.
“The more the merrier,” I said shaking my head. I hoped that decision wouldn’t come back to bite me. Literally.
 “With your permission I will assign Corporal Gillian here to this quest as well,” Captain Marchon said somberly. “I would know that our best is at your back.”
Gillian nodded at his captain, but otherwise appeared unfazed by his compliment.
Lathris placed a slender hand on my arm.
“I think it the highest of follies to allow a traitor to accompany you Light Bearer, but as Captain Marchon has pointed out, it is your choice to make. Please allow me to accompany you as a representative of the people of Lor Lorenith.”
I nodded and immediately felt a satisfying relief flood through me that was at odds with the thoughts fluttering through my head. Somehow I knew that nearly everything was as it should be. Almost all the pieces were in place. Having three of the best swordsmen in the kingdom helping me trap a demon couldn’t hurt.
“I guess you can put the children away,” the dark elf said casually nodding towards the guardsmen gathered in the doorway.
Captain Marchon nodded, and at his gesture the guards left us in privacy.
“We do have a slight a problem,” Guldan continued with an exaggerated stretch.
“Here it comes,” sighed Lathris folding his arms in front of him.
 “My ‘companions’ saw me yield. They will hasten back to Grimhome and tell the king of my betrayal. Zildian won’t be to pleased to hear that I won’t be returning with the championship.”
“What matter is this to our affairs, Guldan!” Lord Lathris asked, staring across the table at his brother. “Who cares if you find disgrace in yet another realm?”
“Why brother, you are getting used to saying my name again. How… refreshing,” Guldan laughed, though the sound carried no mirth.  
I thought Prince Lathris might leap across the table and attack seeing the look that he gave Lord Guldan.
“I only say this because it is in Grimhome that we will find the Demon,” Guldan snickered. “It might be easier if every Blood Elf in the kingdom weren’t out to kill us.”
“You mean, your kingdom, traitor, and they will be out to kill you, Death Drinker, not us,” Prince Lathris shot back. “This is another reason you shouldn’t come on this quest, not an argument for it.”
“Our dark cousins prepare for war, brother mine, they will not allow humans passage into their kingdom, and certainly not a Prince of their hated enemy…”
“War?” Captain Marchon interrupted. “Who are they planning to attack?” 
Guldan smiled innocently, “Why Ceneria of course.”

I was still trying to wrap my head around Guldan being “One of the Ten” as the handsome flutist explained to Captain Marchon what he knew of the Blood Elves plans. Zildian, the Blood Elf King, had sent him to the tournament in hopes of demoralizing the Cenerian guard. Twenty days after the contest, the blood elves would attack through the southern pass hoping to draw the guard and council of mages into battle far from the major cities. Once Cenerian forces had engaged the armies of the Blood Elves, the demon would raise his underworld minions behind the Cenarian lines, and strike at the defenseless cities. 
When the pale elf finished speaking, Captain Marchon called for a guard. A guardsman hurried into the dining hall and went to his captain immediately. The captain spoke quietly to the guardsman, who paled visibly, and ran out of the dining hall.
“It seems I have much to prepare for. Let us discuss how to proceed on Master Gunn’s quest in haste.”


Chp. 19

I did my best to listen carefully as Captain Marchon, Guldan and Prince Lathris discussed how best to proceed. The debate was heated, but in the end it was decided that the best way to infiltrate the kingdom of the blood elves was to continue our ruse as merchants. 
Led by Guldan, apparently a lord of some standing among the blood elves, we would travel south from the Cenerian city of Brighton, and into Mozgul, the kingdom of the Blood Elves. After making our way to Grimhome, we would find a way to trap the Demon within the Cardinal Ruby before it could unleash the underworld horde upon Cenaria.
Before that could happen though, Guldan’s blood elf companions had to be stopped at all costs. They had to be intercepted before they could bring word back to King Zildian of Guldan’s defection. The entire plan hinged upon it.

Captain Marchon signaled for a guard.
“Close the southern gate immediately. Instruct the guards that they are not to let any Blood Elves leave the city without my leave. They are to use lethal force if necessary.” 
“It will be done,” the guard said saluting crisply, then he sprinted out of the room.
“Unfortunately, we must assume they have left already,” the dark elf sighed. “My brother and I should be able to catch them though. After it is done we will await the party’s arrival in Brighton.” 
Lathris looked visibly sickened by the prospect of spending time with his brother, but nodded his agreement. 
“You best be about it then my lords,” Captain Marchon said standing up. “Corporal Gillian.”
“Sir,” Gill said, standing up.
“Gather horses enough for everyone in the party, and enough provision for the journey to Brighton.” 
Captain Marchon gave me a quick smile, then walked briskly out of the room. 
Lord Lathris smiled as well and offered me is hand. “Until we meet again in Brighton.”
I took his hand and nodded gratefully.
Guldan stood and stretched. “Let us be about this grim business then, brother. We have two excellent musicians to kill.” 
As the two of them exited the room Gill shook his head. “And then there were two. We have some errands to attend to Jake. If we hurry we should be able to get to your friends well before midnight,” Gill said. “Follow me.”

I followed the guardsman through a series of hallways to a long barracks bay lined with orderly bunks. There were several hundred guards inside the crowded, orderly room. Some were lying on their racks asleep, others were standing informally talking excitedly about the tournament.
I kept my head down as I followed Gillian through the barracks, but the guardsmen recognized me anyway and crowded around cheering, despite their sleeping comrades. I did my best to smile and acknowledge them until Gill ordered the guard to stand down and let us pass. The cheering died down, and they cleared a path through the bunk beds. 
At the far end of the common barracks there were a series of small rooms. Stopping before one Gillian opened the door revealing a ten by ten cell. As we entered the room, light poured out of two sconces set into the back wall near the ceiling illuminating the immaculately clean room. A single bed stood against the wall on one side of the room and a small desk against the opposite side. Hanging from the walls was a small armory of weapons, including several bows and filled quivers, as well as a variety of well-oiled swords. Gillian quickly went to a footlocker near the end of the bed and began rummaging through it.
“Grab a couple of those bows and a quiver for each of us while I dress, if you don’t mind.”
I inspected the bows and grabbed the two that would best serve our need, then retrieved two quivers of arrows. It was more than a little strange knowing which ones to choose. I’d never shot an arrow in my life. Apparently the knowledge Thallium’s essence had given me included archery. I shook my head and wondered how good I’d be at it.
When I turned from the wall, Gill was dressing into non-descript gray traveling clothes. I took a moment to inspect the collection of swords hanging on the walls. A wicked looking blade with a serrated edge caught my attention. Upon closer inspection I noticed the blade was etched with small, blackened runes. There was nothing at all elegant about the wick swords design, it was meant to savage an opponent. Unbidden chills ran up my spine, and I turned away from the gross blade.  
Gill had finished dressing and was stuffing a small pack with an extra pair of pants and a tunic top when a knock sounded at the open doorway.
“Come!” Gill ordered not pausing in his packing.
“Master Gunn’s clothes, as ordered Corporal Gillian,” said a guardsman stepping into the room. He handed me my tunic, pants and cloak, bowed, then left the room.
I put the bows and sheaves of arrows on Gill’s bed and hurried out of my borrowed guardsman’s uniform. The tunic, pants and boots were still soft and fresh from the bar maiden’s cleaning. I put them on remembering the kiss she’d planted on me. I also remembered that Carla and Ivy weren’t happy with me. I was willing to bet that nothing had changed with my absence. Who knew, they might be even more upset with me for leaving them. I donned the cloak and sword belt, wondering what I would say to them.
“Perfect,” Gill said, looking me over. “No one will give us a second thought but for our blades. Pick a bow and quiver and lets get down to the mess hall.”
I grabbed the more inferior of the two bows, wrapped it in a soft leather bundle attached to the quiver and put it over my head and one shoulder. I slung the quiver over my opposite shoulder and secured it with length of braided leather Gill handed me. Gill picked up the other bow and followed suit.
We left his room and headed through another series of hallways, up a flight of stairs and into a large kitchen. I was surprised by the size of the guard station. It hadn’t looked remotely this big from the outside. 
A red-faced cook nodded at Corporal Gillian and handed him another small pack.
“A months worth, as ordered,” he said, handing the pack to Gill.
Gill took the proffered pack, and we left the kitchen behind. I hadn’t heard him issue any orders to anyone. As we made our way down another hallway, I had to ask.
“How did they know to bring my clothes and prepare a pack with food?”
“Captain Marchon isn’t the leader of the guard for nothing, Jake,” he laughed as we hurried down a flight of steps and emerged into a busy, darkening courtyard. “Salinas will have our horses here shortly. His family’s stable isn’t far.”
“The bookie we visited earlier?” I asked.
“What is a bookie?”
I shrugged. 
“He’s a guy people place bets with.”
“Ahh… yes, my bookie,” Gill laughed.
“Why is he bringing us horses?” I asked as we stood waiting in the courtyard. Opposite us was a large stable. “Doesn’t the guard have horses of its own?”
“Of course we do, but they aren’t of the quality of Salinas’s horses. I bought six of his best with part of my winnings from today,” he smiled.
I shook my head. “When did you have a chance to do that?”
He smiled at me and patted my shoulder. “I am not a corporal of the guard because of my endearing smile.”

 While we waited for the horses to arrive I asked Gillian about the size of the guard station.  Gill explained that Lockewood had been built around a group of twelve guard stations, all interconnected and housing several thousand guardsmen. It was possible to enter a station on one side of the city and journey to the other side without having to travel through the city proper. It allowed the guard free movement to any area of the city they were needed in. Long thoroughfares ran beneath the city from a central staging area to the four main gates. We were going to take one of those under city roads to the gate my friend’s had exited Lockewood by when the horses arrived. Gill explained that the station we were in housed the elite guard, those that had the skill, training and resolve to bodyguard the mages. They were the best of the best and took their jobs very seriously.

A rider entered the gate to the courtyard leading a line of beautiful brown horses. They looked like Arabians only heavier, though I didn’t know much about horses. Men moving about the large courtyard paused momentarily and looked at the animals in appreciation. Gill greeted Salinas as he pulled up before us.
“Father won’t be pleased with this Gillian. Not a bit,” he said dismounting and handing the rein of the horse he had been riding to Gill. “You know my father. He loves his horses more than his gold, and he loves gold.”
Gill inspected the horses, a wide grin splitting his face. “Sal, they are marvelous!”
“Indeed.” Salinas said, then noticed me and bowed. “I’m glad my friend Gill here begged me to bet with you Master Gunn. Congratulations on your victory. I really didn’t think it was possible.”
“Thank you,” I said, nodding back.
Salinas laughed. “No need to thank me, I made father a fortune betting on you. It will make the giving of these horses pale a bit when he sees how full his coffers are.”
“Giving?” Gill asked warily. “They are extraordinary Sal, how can you do this?”
Salinas shook his head and laughed. “I made father a lot today, I mean a lot! Plus I couldn’t leave you broke and begging for alms outside the city gates. Especially after what you did for me today.”
Gill joined him laughing. 
“You must have made a killing indeed!”
The bookie smiled brightly. 
“You have no idea.”
Gill stood back and offered Salinas his hand. 
“Forgive me my friend, but we have pressing business and need to be away. Thank you.”
“Fare you well Gillian,” Salinas said, and nodding to me, turned and walked out of the courtyard.

“Pick a horse and mount up Jake. I’ll lead the others.”
I walked over to the first horse in the lead line and put a booted foot tentatively in the stirrup.
“The other side, Jake.” Gill smiled. “I see your skill with a sword doesn’t extend to riding horses.”
Face flushed with embarrassment, I walked around the front of the massive animal to the other side. 
“I’ve never ridden a horse before,” I sighed putting my foot into the stirrup and slinging myself onto the horses back like I’d seen in the movies. The bow strapped across my back got in the way, but I somehow managed to get into the saddle. I knew I wasn’t very high up, but it sure felt like it from my view on top of the horse.
“Indeed? Well, I will teach you all I can my friend, don’t worry,” he said untying the horse from the line and handing me the reins. He manipulated the stirrups so they fit me and pulled the cinch tighter around my horse’s waist.
Satisfied, Gill returned to the lead horse, mounted expertly, and nodded to me. “When you want to go forward press into its sides gently with your knees or heels and loosen the reins a bit, like this. To stop, pull the reins back lightly towards your hips and sit back in the saddle. If I know one thing, these horses have been expertly trained, so it won’t take much, your body language alone should be enough. Just remember, you’re in charge, not the horse. It follows your will, not the other way around.”
He turned his horse and started forward towards a tunnel to our left leading the other four horses.
I patted my horse’s neck as it stamped a hoof against the cobbled street impatiently. Whispering a prayer, I lightly touched its sides with my heels. The horse snorted and fell in behind the other horses. What the hell was I doing? It was another surreal moment in a series of such moments.
Even though it was only walking I could feel the barely restrained power of the horse beneath me. I suddenly understood the term horsepower, and how inappropriately it was used for cars. My father’s Prius was supposed to be ninety-eight horsepower. It was almost laughable. Dad’s Prius would be lucky if it had a quarter of my horse’s muscle. 
The tunnel was lit with sconces similar to those in Gill’s room only larger. The passageway was wide enough for several horses to ride abreast and tall enough so I didn’t need to worry about hitting my head from where I sat atop the horse. 
We followed the tunnel downwards in a lazy circle and exited into a huge stone chamber bustling with activity. Oxen, horses, mules and donkeys of a variety of colors, were tethered around several massive columns that stretched up from the floor to the ceiling. Guardsmen ran about loading wagons and preparing crates of varying sizes and shapes. The sounds of hammer hitting nail, orders being given and acknowledged, mixed with the grunts of men hard at work. The sound of our horse’s metal shod hooves echoed loudly joining the cacophony of sound in the great chamber. 
Riders spurred their mounts into and out of the massive room through huge tunnels leading off in four different directions. Gill guided us across the smooth stone floor past the flurry of activity to one of the main tunnels leading south. Once we entered the tunnel Gill gestured for me to join him. I pressed the horse’s sides lightly and it trotted around the other horses jarring me horrendously. When I reached Gill’s side I pulled back gently on the reins towards my hips and sat back in the saddle as instructed. The horse responded immediately and fell in beside Gill.
“It’s true, you glow just like the mages,” Gill said looking at me slightly surprised to find what I told him was true.
“Like I said.”
“It will make being stealthy at night difficult if we should have the need. It’s something we’ve had to deal with at times, as bodyguards to mages, so don’t worry. We’ll cross that bridge when we come to it I guess,” Gill said giving me a friendly grin. 
“Anyhow, the trot is the hardest thing to get used to Jake, you’ll get it,” he laughed, winking at me. “Feel the rhythm of the horse’s movement and don’t fight it. Roll your hips with it, and trust your balance.”
“I’ll try,” I said wishing I were walking on my own already.
“This tunnel leads to the southern gate. We need to pick up the pace a bit. I’ll talk you through trotting as we go. Ready?”
I nodded, and we urged the horses into a trot. I bounced and smashed against the saddle and took hold of the saddle horn with one hand. Gill scolded me gently for doing this, and I reluctantly let go. My butt was taking a beating. Gill’s horse fell into the same rhythm as mine, and I watched him closely as he instructed me. It was difficult because my vision was being jarred from my impact with the seat. 
After what must have been thirty minutes the hammering that had reduced my tailbone to dust, relented to a softer pounding. My vision cleared quite a bit and I could see what Gill was doing much more clearly. I forced myself to relax and roll my hips more; the pounding ceased altogether.
“You’re a faster learner,” he said, grinning over at me. “Ready for a Canter?”
Despite my success, my butt was on fire. I nodded anyway. Gill leaned forward a bit and his horse took off. I pressed my heels in and leaned forward slightly. My horse lurched forward and caught up to Gill’s then matched its speed. 
I can’t begin to express how relieved I felt. Cantering was so much easier on the body than trotting. I felt my muscles relax and the ride became enjoyable. 
“A horse can go the farthest distance walking.” Gill yelled as the walls blurred past us. “Trotting next, then cantering, then galloping. With horses such as these we could canter all day and not tire them out too much. Trotting is only used occasionally, like in a city or to allow the horse to get warmed up for a long ride. This is much easier eh? Time your breathing to every other breath the horse takes. Breath in after the horse lifts up, and out when the horse lifts again. It will keep you from tiring as quickly.”
I nodded, listening to the steady breathing of my horse, and Gill’s. Neither seemed to be laboring at all. 
“At this pace we will cover five leagues in an hour. The gate is only ten minutes away give or take a minute or two.”

A rider flew past us on the left just before we started up a slight incline and exited the cold tunnel. Gill slowed his horse to a walk and my horse followed suit without any urging from me at all. The torches that lit the closed gate before us pushed the dark night back. We joined the crowded main road and headed for the gate. Revelers sang and cheered as they moved about the street making way before us.
I watched them knowing what they didn’t. A horde of underworld creatures and Blood Elves would be attacking them within the month. I sighed hoping that they would still be alive afterwards.
As we approached the gate, the guards stationed there saluted Corporal Gillian smartly, and opened the massive wooden doors to allow us through. As the heavy doors closed shut behind us with a loud crash, we pushed our mounts into a canter once more. There were no wooden buildings along the dark road leading from this side of Lockewood. I wondered why. 
My mind filled with images of my friends as we rode. I knew Toby would be happy with my return, and I couldn’t wait to see him. What I was worried about was Ivy. How was I going to explain the kiss? It was true that I didn’t initiate it, but like Thallium’s voice suggested, I hadn’t protested either. Sure, I’d been surprised, and the kiss hadn’t lasted very long, but I hadn’t pushed her away. Truth be told, it was amazing. 
I was popular at school and there were plenty of girls who wanted to go out with me. I wanted to blame my panic attacks for my lack of dating, but the truth was that the attacks were only partially to blame for my never having a real girlfriend. I’d gone on a couple of dates, which were near disasters and I was scared. I didn’t know how to kiss or anything else. I was afraid I would kiss a girl and she would spread word of how horrible I was at it through the whole school. 
The barmaid’s lips had been so soft and promised such passion. I had no idea that a kiss could say so much. No wonder Ivy and Carla were upset with me. I wondered briefly if Ivy’s lips would be as soft, and if I’d ever get a chance to find out.

“They left the city just after the second bell. Can’t be more than three, maybe four leagues from the gates. We should catch up to them in less than an hour,” Gill said as we headed down the wide dirt road.
We rode on in silence through the moonlit rolling hillside. Off to either side, some distance from the road, light poured from the windows of widely spaced stone farmhouses. I could make out the fields surrounding them as darker patches in the surrounding darkness.
“Why are the farms so far from the road?” I asked as we rode.
“The killing field extends far from the city wall on this side of town. Since the city’s founding, it has always been in this direction that Lockewood has been attacked. The ground has been well seeded with salt over the years to prevent plants or crops from growing in the killing zone. The soil is good for nothing closer to the walls, and here nothing but poor table grapes grow. How they manage to eek out a living I don’t know. The farmers that live here, do so at their own peril.”
We continued encountering more and more farms, their borders coming closer to the road the further we got from the city. Gill explained that the salt traveled further south with every rain, though it was less and less a factor in being able to grow crops. 
“There is no place for them to camp here. They will have to had to wait for the Jasperlink Woods. It’s about thirty minutes up the road,” Gill shouted over to me as we rode.

My butt was completely numb by the time we left the farms behind and entered the woods. We slowed our mounts to a walk. The trees grew so closely together on either side of the road, that there wasn’t enough room for a horse to pass through them, and certainly not a wagon. The trees closest to the roadway resembled Birch, their white trunks gleaming ghostly in moonlight. 
We scanned the woods on both sides of the road, looking for any sign of a path large enough for a wagon. We had been walking the horses for maybe half an hour when Gill slowed to a stop.
“There,” he pointed.
An owl cried out loudly nearby.
Off to the left, through the trees, a lane had been cut into the woods. It led over a small hill and disappeared.
“That’s where I’d camp for the night. What remains to be seen is if they found it first.”
Gill dismounted lightly and I followed, nearly falling down as pain lanced up my quivering, weak legs.
“Holy crap!” I cursed steadying myself against the lightly sweating horse.
Gill laughed, patting my shoulder. “You’re pressing too hard with your legs, my friend. You need to trust your balance more and not rely on your legs to keep you in the saddle. Stay here with the horses; I’ll be back in a few minutes,” he said handing me the lead line.
I nodded and watched as he moved stealthily down the leave-covered lane disappeared over the small tree covered knoll. As I waited, I stretched lightly trying to get feeling back in my thighs and butt.  I had no idea riding a horse was so painful. I felt chaffed in places a person should never be rubbed raw in.
After ten minutes or so, I saw a figure running lightly down the path towards me. Gill was breathing lightly from his exertion as he stopped and grabbed his horse’s lead line from me.
“It’s them, they haven’t been here very long.”
“Cool!” I said, putting my foot reluctantly back in the stirrup, and mounting.
“Cool?” Gill asked mounting his horse.
“It means... good,” I said, as we started walking the horses down the path.
“Strange term for something good,” he said. I could see him grinning.
“Yeah, it is.”

As we topped the little hill I could see the campfire blazing from down in a gully. Figures sat on logs around the fire. They heard our horses and stood up. 
“Jake-O!” yelled Toby clapping his hands together. “Bout time!”
“Quit your yelling!” shouted Coach McNally. “You’ll have brigands investigating the sound you huge idiot.”
 “There are no brigands this close to Lockewood,” said Gill, as we drew to a halt before the fire.
“Says you!” Coach McNally grumbled.
Two guards stepped lightly out of the woods and saluted Corporal Gillian. I hadn’t even seen them hiding.
“He does go on about such things,” said one of the guards sarcastically.
“A true delight to travel with,” said the other.
Gillian laughed and dismounted, greeting the two guardsmen by name. I swung down from the saddle and was rewarded with a ferocious hug from Toby that nearly knocked the breath out of me.
Letting go of me, he smiled and nodded towards Coach’s retreating back. “He’s been in rare form. How did you do in the tournament?”
“He won,” Gill interjected and extended his hand. “I’m Corporal Gillian, but please, call me Gill.”
Toby accepted his hand. “Toby.”
A soft form melted into me from the side. I hugged Ivy back and forgot about everything but the smell of her hair and the softness of her embrace.
“I was worried,” she whispered softly against my neck.
“I’m sorry,” I whispered back. “I didn’t choose any of it.”
She pulled back and looked up into my eyes. “I know Dear Heart, just don’t let it happen again.”
And just like that, I’d been forgiven for everything. Somewhere deep inside I imagined Thallium’s giggling.
Toby introduced Gill to Carla, Brianna and Coach. Coach grunted dismissively.
Carla punched me in the shoulder, then caught sight of the horses.
“Oh my god!” she gasped. “What kind of horses are they? Not Arabians or Andalusains, but close I’d say.”
She petted my horse appreciatively. I had forgotten she rode. 
Gill laughed. “I know not of Arabians or Andalusains, Lady Carla. These are Cenursians, and the finest example you’ll will ever see by my reckoning.”
“They are gorgeous!” Carla crooned.
“That they are,” he agreed.
“I think I’ve been replaced,” Toby teased and led me over to the fire.
Carla insisted on helping to tether the horses with Gill and the two guardsmen. I sat down gingerly on a log before the fire and warmed my hands. Ivy sat next to me and leaned against me resting her head on my shoulder.
“So, you won a sword tournament eh? Start from the beginning buddy. I want to hear every detail,” Toby said sitting on a large log next to Brianna, across the fire from Ivy and I.
I didn’t know where to begin without explaining everything about the sword. Toby knew of course, but Coach and Ivy didn’t. I wasn’t planning on keeping it from Ivy, but I didn’t feel right about telling McNally.  I was trying to figure out a way to explain when Carla, Gill and the two guardsmen came to the fire and sat down.
“Jake was just about to tell us about the tournament,” Toby informed them. I watched as he realized that he might be opening up questions about my secret. The look he gave me begged forgiveness.
“I thought you were in the tourney? Did he really beat you?” one of the guards asked Gill, eyeing me with disbelief. “I have a hard time believing he could best you with a blade. No offense meant.”
“None taken,” I said.
“I’ve never seen his like Korst. I’m nothing by comparison.”
The guard’s eyebrows lifted in surprise. “Seriously?”
“Hogwash and Bull’s pizzle!” Coach growled, gathering up his bedroll, he moved away from the fire and lay down, his back to us.
“Charming,” Gill said, laughing quietly. He smiled at the guard who had spoken to him. “Master Gunn here took my place representing the guard, and won.”
Gill told them about what happened over the course of the day, sparing me the embarrassment of having to do it myself, and revealing anything about the sword. After he finished, the two guards congratulated me and begged their leave. Gill granted it, dismissing them. They gathered their horses from where they were tethered to the wagon and headed back towards Lockewood. 
Ivy smiled at me warmly. I blushed, but felt a surging of pride.
After they left, we discussed what had taken place in the dining hall. Brianna interrupted several times to ask about Guldan. She was still obviously taken with him. Gill answered her patiently and told them of the plans that we had made.

We ate some rations from Gill’s pack, and I felt exhaustion taking me again. Was everyday going to end with my eyes closing against my will? Ivy noticed me nodding sleepily and helped me spread out a bedroll. I lay down on it and listened for a second to Toby describing what football was to Gill, and how vital the position of center was. Ivy ran her fingers lightly through my curly hair urging me towards a contented sleep. The next thing I knew, I was waking up to the smell of bacon.
I sat up feeling refreshed and not the least bit sore. I’d seen enough movies to know that being saddle sore didn’t go away overnight. Something was wrong, but I didn’t argue with it, I was profoundly grateful. I stood up and stretched. Gill sat by the low, crackling fire roasting a slab of bacon. The smell made my stomach growl loudly. I walked over and sat on a log before the fire. The fire’s warmth took the chill out of the morning air.
“Morning Jake,” he smiled. “Sleep well?”
I smiled back. “I don’t remember any of it, so yeah.”
“Sore?”
“No, I feel pretty good all things considered.”
“Your coach stormed off into the woods a few minutes ago. He probably woke you up with his yelling. I don’t think he likes our plan,” he chuckled. “He is a strange old bastard.”
“You told him? Wow!” I said relieved I wouldn’t have to do it. “He doesn’t like anything very much.”
“I gathered that.”

Toby and Carla woke up and joined us by the fire.
Carla groaned as she sat down on the log. “I’d give my first born for a cup of Starbuck’s coffee.”
“I’d give your first born for one too,” Toby teased. “If we could get that much for him. A Twinkie or Ho Ho would be more realistic. Hey, maybe one of those scones!”
“Her!” Carla argued. “And I wouldn’t settle for less than a Venti.”
Gill looked at them curiously but didn’t say anything.


Chp. 20

I was totally surprised that Biscuits could be cooked on a rock surrounded by coals, but I watched as the dough Gill expertly mixed together slowly rose and turned golden brown. The smell was overwhelming. I was ravenous by the time that Ivy and Brianna joined us for the campfire breakfast. 
The bacon and biscuits hit the spot. Ivy sat beside me and leaned into me as we ate. How she could smell so wonderful was amazing to me, maybe that was her magic. Since we’d been in this mirror of our world, everyone differed to her, calling her Magi or mage. I was going to ask her about that, wasn’t I? It had been in the back of my head to ask. I looked at her and just as suddenly as the thought had come to me it crept away leaving me wondering what I had been thinking about.
After we finished our meal, we broke camp, packing our bedrolls away in the wagon. Brianna shared her brush with Carla and Ivy as we waited for Coach to return. I thought about asking for it, but ran a hand through my hair instead. My curly hair usually sprang back into place regardless of what I did to it, so I wasn’t worried. It wasn’t long before Coach stormed back into the camp.
“You all better get this straight!” he yelled, his face turning red as he glared at us all in turn. “I’m still in charge. That means we do what I say! We follow my Master’s plan, not some crazy plan cooked up by an enemy. Lord Memron’s estate is a day’s travel beyond Brighton in Mozgul, the kingdom of the Blood Elves. We will stay in Brighton for one night only, then, move on to his Estate. I won’t be accepting any compromises either, understand?”
“And you should understand,” said Gill standing up, “that we will follow your Master’s plan only so long as it suits the purpose of our quest. Nothing else matters old man. The lives of hundreds of thousands of men, women and children depend upon our trapping the demon before it unleashes an underworld horde upon Cenaria.”
I thought Coach’s head would explode.
“He’s going to stroke out,” Carla said aloud. “Oh, for my camera.”
Toby snickered.
Coach ignored her focusing on Gill, “Who gave you a say in anything guard?”
 “I did,” I said, standing up. “We need to follow this plan Coach McNally, things have moved beyond just getting Brianna to Memron’s estate.”
“Don’t cross me Gunn!” he growled, clinching his fists.
This needed to be settled now. I felt my face flushing, but I breathed and looked Coach McNally right in the eye.
“This isn’t about you! You’re not my coach any longer and can’t tell me what I will or won’t do. This stupid quest comes first, and since accomplishing it requires us to go to the Kingdom of the Blood Elves, that’s where we will go. I promised Bri’s father two things: return the ruby to him when we are done, and come here for training, which I’ve received. My promise didn’t include going to this Lord Memron’s estate. That is your deal.”
“For your information Gunn, Lord Memron’s estate is on the way to Grimhome. The training Master Kline informed you about is supposed to happen at Lord Memron’s estate. You haven’t received shit yet!” he said shaking with anger. 
I glared back at the man who had made my life such a hell since I joined his football team. The somber faces of all the players on the wall in his office flashed before my eyes.
“Gill, would you mind letting him borrow your sword? I think I need to show him,” I said
Gill looked at me and nodded, unsheathing his sword.
“Weapon of my choosing if you don’t mind,” Coach growled, pulling the rusty K-Bar knife from his belt.
“Jake no!” Ivy said. “You’ll prove nothing. Don’t do this!”
I ignored her with difficulty and pulled the dull black serpent knife I’d received from Lord Palfry, Captain Marchon’s brother from my boot. Coach looked at the knife and blanched, nearly dropping his K-Bar.
“Where did you get that!” he stammered, stepping back.
“Jake, don’t do this!” Ivy ordered, putting her hands on her hips.
“Come on Jake,” Carla said. “He’s an old man, what will it prove? Can’t the two of you just have a pissing contest?”
I felt the anger leaving me at my friend’s insistence. I watched as Coach put himself between Brianna and me. His actions didn’t make any sense, I wasn’t going to hurt Bri.
“Get that thing away from us Gunn, you have no idea what it is!” McNally said, his gravelly voice having lost all of its anger.
“Hmmm, and what is it?” asked Gill, sheathing his sword.
I looked down at the knife and noticed the ruby eyes were glowing. How crazy was that?
“It is a Zil-kris! Its lightest touch will slay the undead,” Coach barked.
“How handy.” Gill smiled. “Strange that you would be afraid of it old man.”
“Well technically he and I are in thrall to my father, awaiting the final kiss. So, we are kinda undead in a matter of speaking,” Brianna shrugged.
I quickly put the knife back in the built in sheath inside my boot. There was no way I was going to let the thing get close to Brianna. 
So I had a knife that could slay the undead. I shook my head; this just kept getting stranger and stranger.
“Regardless, we need to trap the demon or everything else won’t matter.” I sighed wishing that this whole Immortal burden had fallen to someone else rather than me. No, it wasn’t the first time I made that wish, nor would it be the last.

In the end, Coach did compromise and agreed to wait for two days in Brighton, provided I didn’t take the knife out for any reason at all. I agreed. Ivy squeezed my arm and winked at me while Coach McNally hitched his plow horses to the wagon. My friend’s picked out horses. Gill adjusted everyone’s saddle but Carla’s. She knew how to adjust the cinch and the stirrup length for herself. He watched anyway and nodded when she did everything to his satisfaction. She was so happy with her horse, she didn’t even make a sarcastic comment about Toby dwarfing his poor mount.
We set off from the campsite in the gully and made our way back onto the road, walking our horses behind the wagon. I rode next to Ivy and Toby near the rear of our growing party. Carla and Brianna rode in front of us, deep in conversation with Gill.
“You planning on entering more tournaments anytime soon?” Toby grinned.
“No, but I hear they are going to be having a pie eating contest in Brighton. Maybe you should enter,” I joked.
“You know I don’t like pie. Now if it was cake! Well…” Toby quipped.
“I can eat more cake than you,” Ivy interjected to my surprise.
“Oh… well, we shall have to see about that!” laughed Toby.
It was good to be back with my friends. I don’t know why I felt so grounded around them despite the crazy circumstances that were pulling me along like a leaf caught in the current of a river, but I did.

We rode along for a couple of hours before coach pulled to the side of the road. We drank water out of canteens and ate some dried steak Gill pulled out of one of the packs. Coach stayed with the wagon and didn’t join us as we ate. The hills had grown steeper around the valley, which had narrowed considerably over the past hour. I could see the end of the forest not too far ahead.
“Feels like I jumped off of a four-story building onto a bicycle,” Toby grunted chewing vigorously.
“Just imagine how your poor horse feels,” Carla laughed.
He shot her a look.
I knew how he felt, but the ride so far had been much easier than my ride last night, I could hardly complain.
“So Gill, how long have you been a guard?” Brianna asked.
“For just over ten years,” he said passing Toby some more dried beef.
“You can’t be over twenty-five years old, you must have started awfully young,” she said.
Gill laughed, “I was only sixteen when I passed the tests. At the time, I was the youngest to ever pass, though I heard that a couple of cities have opened the testing to fifteen year olds because recruitment has fallen off so much.” 
He shook his head. 
“I’m afraid the guard will not be ready for the war that’s coming.”
“Have the Blood Elves attacked Cenaria in the past?” I asked.
“Many times, Jake. Cenaria lies between their Kingdom and the realm of the High Elves. To get to their hated enemy, they must come through us, actually, through this very valley. It is the reason Lockewood has the defenses it does.”
“Do the good elves help you against the bad ones?” Carla asked.
“They have in ancient times, but not since the council of mages became as powerful as they are now. There exists an uneasy truce between us, but it is far from the alliance it once was.”
“Why are they enemies at all?” asked Brianna.
 “There are quite a few legends concerning that, Lady Brianna,” Gill answered. “The one that makes the most sense to me is the one my father told me when I was little.”
Gill got up and secured the packs to his saddle. “You see,” he called out over his shoulder,  “back before recorded time, and the coming of man to this world, the elves were a single nation. Two brothers in-line for the throne fought a battle to see who would rule. One of the brothers followed the traditions of the elven people and used the magic of light, or good magic if you will. The other brother and his followers used dark arts involving bloody sacrifices to demons and the like. They perverted the magic of the earth for their own gain and power.
The two sides fought a great battle. The elves using the dark arts were defeated and cast from the elven woods with fairy help. They are called dark elves or Blood elves because of their evil sacrifices.”
“Were there vampires back then?” Carla asked.
Gill shrugged. 
“Some legends say that the first blood elves were also the first vampires. Other say that vampires came along much later and took advantage of the split that already existed between elves that used pure magic and those that used dark arts. I tend to believe that they were opportunists, seeking to increase their power.”
Gill came back over and sat down. “However it happened, Vampires somehow infused the Blood Elves with an ability to procreate faster, and to share a closer link with the demons they worship. Contrary to popular belief in the cities, elves aren’t immortal. Their life spans are measured in millennia not years, but they do grow old and die. The Blood Elves who have embraced vampirism however, are truly immortal.”
“Only some of the Blood Elves are Vampires?” Brianna asked.
“So we believe. Keeps the power of their King and the royalty intact.”
“Get on your blasted horses!” Coach McNally yelled, his whip cracking over the plow horses. The wagon lurched forward, leaving us sitting in the grass next to the road.

We left the forest and traveled upward through the narrowing valley dotted with small stands of pine trees. The hills on either side slowly grew into pine-covered mountains, and the valley became a gorge as the day drew on towards night. We stopped a couple of times to rest throughout the day. Ivy sat near me at each stop, but I didn't get a chance to talk with her privately, so I couldn't tell her about the sword and the voice. It was bothering me that she didn't know. She was as much a part of this as I was, maybe more so. I didn't want to keep her in the dark. Even though we weren't alone at any of the stops, I enjoyed her company.
The road was well traveled, and we'd just passed a very slow wagon train when Gill motioned us to gather our horses around his.
"Up ahead is one of the most incredible Inns in Cenaria. When you start to hear the roar of the falls you'll know we're near," he grinned. "We will stay there tonight regardless of what your Coach McNally says. Thanks to Jake, it’s on me. Besides, it’s pretty obvious you folks haven't lived off the back of a horse before. It will be good to have one last night of comfort before we start into the next three days."
"Let me guess, no Inns?" Brianna groaned.
"None." Gill smirked at her. "But I can fluff your pillow if needed."
"And I'll put a mint on it," Toby joined in.
"You're the one in need of a Tic-Tac or two, handsome," snipped Carla.

We urged our horses into a trot and caught up to the wagon quickly enough. I handled the trot better than I had last night. Being more relaxed sure helped. The girls didn't seem to have much trouble, especially Carla, who was obviously enjoying herself immensely. Toby on the other hand, looked miserable. He grimaced with his horse's every step as we slowed to a walk behind the wagon. I pulled in beside him.
"Looks like you're not doing so hot buddy," I smiled, whispering so no one would hear.
Toby gave me a look that said it all, "I hate horses."
His horse snorted loudly, and it took a great deal of effort not to laugh along with his horse.
"But, you're a natural," I lied, barely holding it together.
"I will beat you down so far you'll have to carry around an umbrella so the ants won't piss on you... just laugh, once and see if I'm not telling the truth," he said, between clenched teeth.
I nodded as though I was appropriately intimidated. Then I smiled and reached out clapping him on the shoulder. "I was just horsing around Tob."
Toby growled and took a half-hearted swipe at me, which shifted his balance too much, and he immediately grabbed the saddle horn to keep from falling.
I gave him the lesson Gill had given me as we rode along behind the others. In front of us, Gill told the girls stories that made them laugh. The road narrowed further as we wound our way upward into the mountains, until it was barely wide enough for two wagons to pass each other. The gorge we were traveling through grew steeper and steeper until there was only a wall of granite to our right and a sheer drop off to our left. 
The drop to our left reminded me of a trip I had taken with my parents when I was young to Bryce Canyon in Utah. We had nearly been run off of the road by a semi tractor-trailer filled with logs. If it hadn't been for the guardrail we would have sailed off of a cliff. Dad hadn't even complained about the damage to the car. He just held Mom and me at the next turn out. It had happened so quickly, but the experience had been essential in forming my hatred of heights. 
I tried to stay relaxed, hoping my horse didn't have a death wish. Why couldn't the road have guardrails or a fence of some kind? I was breathing and fighting off anxiety when I heard, far in the distance, a rumbling that sounded like thunder.
"Thank God!" said Toby, hearing it too. "Can't get there soon enough."
I had to agree. 

The roaring grew grown louder and louder as the miles passed, then we rounded a corner and saw it; a magnificent horseshoe shaped waterfall. Millions of gallons of water cascaded down a shear, white granite cliff face from a thousand feet or more above the road, crashing an equal distance below against boulders at the bottom of the gorge. The sound of the water’s impact was deafening. 
Gill hadn't been kidding about the Inn. The late afternoon sun caught the perpetual mist that rose up from the gorge, casting a shimmering rainbow just beneath a castle-like inn that stood on a promontory between two sections of the thunderous waterfall. The 'Gilded Horn Inn's' many white stone balconies and terraces looked over the booming falls just above the sparkling mist. I looked on in amazement hardly breathing. It was so utterly fantastic a view it was hardly believable.
At first glance it looked as if there was no way to get to the magnificent inn. The road we were on disappeared behind the wall of water a thousand hundred yards ahead of us. As we got closer, I could see that the road had been cut into the granite wall behind the colossal waterfall. The sheer volume of water thundering over the road was awe-inspiring. I wondered how on earth anyone could have carved out a road behind the massive falls. 
The ominous grey passageway opened in front of us daring us to enter its deadly mouth. I felt my heart rate rising considerably as we drew nearer, despite the suffocating roar that pounded against my chest. I took a deep breath and concentrated on my breathing as we entered the otherworldly tunnel under a solid wall of foaming water that roared out over the roadway, disappearing far below. The fact that a thick stone railing protected the side of the road facing the falls didn't lighten my fear what so ever. I felt the first wave of panic rise up through my vibrating body and bit my lip to stop myself from crying out. “Breathe, just breathe,” I told myself, concentrating on the light at the end of the tunnel.
We moved our mounts closer to the cliff face, away from the wall of water, but that didn't help the horses that were understandably nervous as we made our way through the slick, deafening tunnel. Images of my horse slipping on the damp stone road and tumbling out over the railing flashed through my mind unbidden, adding to my panic. I pulled my feet out of the stirrups so I could jump off if there was a problem and prayed.
After ten heart-pounding minutes, we emerged from the surreal tunnel. Gill rode forward to where Coach McNally sat on the wagon. The two had a heated discussion I couldn't hear because of the thunderous roar of the falls, then coach turned the wagon off of the main road and out onto a thick wooden draw bridge that led to the promontory and 'The Gilded Horn'.
I didn't let myself look over the side of the bridge as we traveled across it, and kept my eyes focused on the magnificent Inn on the other side. It looked like a small castle, complete with a large granite wall and thick front gates. Two large towers rose on either side of the gate offering archers complete access to the thick wooden bridge and the road beyond.
I breathed a sigh of relief when my horse's hooves met the solid ground of the promontory. Ivy turned around in her saddle and offered me a dazzling smile. I tried to smile back as we entered the gates and grooms ran out to take our horses, but I was still pretty shaken by the trip under the falls and over the bridge. I’m pretty sure I failed miserably.
 
I stood in the saddle a moment to get blood back into my legs before swinging down from my horse. It didn't help much. My legs were shaky, but I didn't mind, it felt so good to be on solid ground.
Toby got off his horse and promptly collapsed onto his backside, cursing. I helped him slowly get up.
“This riding horses bit is for the birds,” he shouted, his face beet red. The groom holding his horse’s bit pretended to notice something in the other direction worthy of his attention.
I nodded, holding him up until Carla took my place.
“I got it Jake,” she laughed, Toby grumbled.
Ivy nearly skipped over to me. It just wasn't fair.
"Isn't this amazing!" she shouted over the roar of the falls.
I nodded again as she grabbed my arm, pretty sure my voice would betray the anxiety attack I’d just had. Her enthusiasm almost swept my panic induced fatigue away, almost. God she was radiant! 
Under different circumstances I would have found the castle’s beauty more amazing, I’m sure. Trunks as thick as small trees secured vines that covered the front of the amazing Inn with petite, light green-and-rust colored ivy leaves. As much as I loved architecture I was only able to take in the total beauty of the structure and not study the various elements that went into making such an incredible building.


Chp. 21

I walked absently with Ivy as we followed Gill and Coach to the other side of the well-tended, courtyard and up the wide granite stairs leading to the front doors of the magnificent inn. Two teenage, uniformed, doormen opened the abnormally thick doors before us. We walked into the lobby/main room of the inn, and the youths shut the heavy doors behind us.
The incredible beauty of the room impressed me, but I was shocked at how quite it was inside. The amazing silence was like a bucket of cool water thrown onto my fragile nerves. My thoughts were once more clear.
It had been almost deafening outside, the air literally vibrated with the power of the falls, but the inside of the inn was almost silent. I was awestruck. I took a deep breath and felt the tension within me release.
The interior of the inn would have been welcomed by the richest of the rich back home. The floor was a magnificently tiled mosaic depicting a wild mountain hunt. Elegant wooden columns carved intricately with delicate vines of ivy rose from the amazing floor high above to a beaten copper ceiling. Vibrant silken tapestries hung from the walls on either side of the beautiful lobby. The tapestries depicted hunting scenes expertly woven into their shimmering fabric. 
Beneath the tapestries, well-stuffed red leather chairs sat around small dark brown tables. Several large, etched and polished granite pots were strategically placed around the room. The striking vessels had been planted with flowers of brightest gold and deepest purple.
The front desk was crafted from what looked like the same type of rich, dark wood as the amazing columns. On its front, in gleaming gold leaf rested a large horn. It was surrounded with carved vines of ivy much like the columns. 
Behind the desk, a massive glass window served as the back wall, allowing an impressive view of the incredible falls on either side of the promontory. Several uniformed porters stood to the side awaiting instructions. Behind the desk two men stood smiling at us.
"Hail to thee and welcome," said one of the men smiling brightly. "How many rooms do you require?"
Gill spoke before Coach had a chance. 
"Four should do it, methinks, no, make that five."
 "Certainly guardsman..." he paused.
"Corporal Gillian of the Lockewood," said Gillian with a half bow. "Is it that obvious?"
"Ahhh... well, not to a casual observer, Corporal," said the man bowing slightly at the waist. "I spent twelve years in the guard during my youth, long ago I’m afraid. I have learned to spot a guardsmen, and one of the Elite Guard if I’m not mistaken, please don't take offense."
"I wouldn't dream of it." Gill smiled and returned the bow. "This isn't official business good keep, though I'd prepare for that within the month were I you."
The man's features became drawn and his eyebrows raised. "Indeed?"
"I'm afraid so. There will be a contingent of guardsmen arriving in three days at the latest to prepare a reception for uninvited guests to Ceneria," Gill said sadly.
The innkeeper swallowed nervously and nodded, taking in the information he had just heard. "All will be made ready, you can be assured."
"I have no doubt," Gillian smiled. "This stay is unofficial, so feel free to charge us your going rate good sir. We would have the best rooms available that aren't reserved for royalty. It might be awhile before we can enjoy the luxuries of your establishment or any other again."
The inn keep looked at each of us, then shook his head furiously. 
"I'll do no such thing Corporal Gilliam. Your name is not unknown to me, and we are acutely aware that the Inn runs at the mercy of the guard." 
"Pablum, Keiffer!" he said in a military voice. Two porters quickly came forward. "Show our guest to suites on the west wing. See that all of their needs are met immediately."
Gill bowed deeply to the inn keep and gathered his leather pouch. The man waved his hand dismissively and saluted Gill smartly.
"Michelangelo, my son and heir serves under Captain Marchon as a messenger. So I'll not be accepting your gold, Corporal Gillian. I want no favors for him either mind you. He must rise or fall on his own merits until his enlistment is complete. Every Falbo has served a term in the guard since the contract between my family and the guard was made fourteen generations past."
"My thanks Sir," Gill smiled. "If you could prepare me a quill and parchment though, I would leave a note reassigning him here for the battle to come. It will be important for him to be close to family,” he said, holding his hand to stop the Innkeepers protest. “It is not a favor but prudent use of his knowledge of these mountains and the Inn defenses."
The inn keep nodded. 
"That bad eh?"
"I'm afraid so."
The inn keep frowned deeply and bowed again.
"My thanks, Corporal. Please, I would consider it a kindness if you and your companions would join my wife and I for supper later,” he said, then growled at the two young porters. "Pablum, Keiffer! What is taking you so long? Be about your duties!" he commanded.
"Yes sir!"
"Right away sir!"

Our rooms were on a bluff that jutted out from the promontory just above the mist. Coach, Gill and I each had our own rooms, Toby and Carla shared a room, as did Brianna and Ivy.
My room was beyond amazing. Two of the four walls were glass from the stone floor to the carved wooden ceiling. The other two walls were constructed of multi-colored stones, set so seamlessly that I couldn’t a fracture or crack in the flat surface. A fluffy looking king-size bed with a deep red comforter and a pair of night stands sat against one of the rock walls near a wooden dresser. A couch and loveseat sat uncomfortably close the immense windows looking over a view that was beyond spectacular.
I walked over and tentatively sat on the edge of the bed for a moment taking in the room. This was a room fit for a king’s honeymoon if ever there was one. 
A fireplace was set into one wall near an open doorway that I hadn’t noticed before. Getting up off of the bed I walked over and peered inside.
The bathroom was as immaculate as the rest of the suite, but what immediately caught my attention was how modern it appeared. A hammered brass sink and matching faucet with sculpted handles on either side stood against one wall beneath a brass plate that had been polished to a mirror-like surface. Near a large sunken brass bath on the opposite side of the room stood a toilet.
As I was inspecting the toilet I noticed what looked like shower nozzles protruding from rock wall above the bath.  I cautiously lifted a handle below them on the wall and water sprayed out of the shower fittings into the bath. I put a hand out into the stream expecting ice-cold water and found to my relief that it was warm, almost hot. Smiling at my good fortune I stripped out of my clothes then and there, and jumped in. Normally I don’t take very long showers, but the water felt so good, I just stood there and soaked.
After awhile, sconces on the walls started glowing, lighting the bathroom, waking me from my peaceful, relaxed thoughts of home. I reluctantly turned off the water and grabbed a burgundy towel from a towel rack near the shower, dried off and tied the towel around my waist.
Walking back into the bedroom. I looked out over the enormous falls not venturing too close to the glass wall. The setting sun had turned the mist purple and orange just below my quiet room. Hundreds of glimmering swallows darted over the mist, daringly close to the dark, thundering waterfall.
Someone knocked on the door, startling me out of my reverie, and I went over to answer it. Toby pushed open the door and entered the room followed by Carla, Brianna and Ivy. 
“We’re going to met Gill down at the dining room in a few…” he said and paused as he saw I wasn’t dressed. “What are you doing? Get dressed.”
“I took a shower,” I said, feeling a flush of embarrassment rush through me as they looked around the room. 
“You needed it,” Carla said. “Hey, when did you get so buff?”
“Nice bod!” Brianna commented.
I shook my head and quickly exited back into the bathroom, shutting the door behind me. Heart racing, I leaned against the door and concentrated on my breathing. I thought about throwing a football, focusing on the perfect throwing motion and willed my heart to slow down. Once I felt my nerves relax a bit, I got dressed as quickly as possible and taking a deep breath, opened the door and rejoined my friends.
“Carl is right bud. Looks like you gained some weight,” Toby said as I walked into the room.
I shrugged it off. 
“Maybe, I thought I’d lost weight.”
“Back off the roids dude, they are going to make your balls disappear,” Toby laughed.
“That explains it!” Carla said grinning evilly, “I always wondered why your…”
“Ha ha ha,” Toby interrupted, lifting her from the floor. “Let’s go eat.”

Toby and Carla traded barbs mercilessly as we wandered through the immaculate inn looking for the dining room. We eventually found it and joined Gill at a table with the Inn keep and his wife.
“I hear congratulations are in order young man!” the inn keep said, standing up and taking my hand. “Captain Marchon must have been beside himself. You know, he was the last guardsmen to win the tournament.”
I returned his handshake, hoping the conversation would change subjects.
“Sit, please sit!” he said, gesturing to the seats surrounding the table.
Ivy sat next to me on one side and Brianna on the other. Gill smiled brightly at Brianna and poured her a glass of wine before passing the decanter to Toby.
“The chef has prepared duck tonight. I hope that meets with your approval. It’s a specialty of his. I think you’re in for quite a treat.”
“Thank you,” Ivy said, smiling. “It sounds wonderful.”
“One of my favorites!” Brianna agreed.
I had endured duck a couple of times. Once, at a Chinese restaurant and again at a fancy French place my parents had taken me to in celebration of my mother’s Master’s degree. I say endure, because it wasn’t my favorite. It was too gamey and oily for my taste.
Inn keep Falbo was a talker, but not in an obnoxious way. He was just one of those people who is reminded of stories and anecdotes by just about everything. I found myself liking him by the time dinner was served. He was quick to laugh and made everyone at the table feel welcome. Coach’s absence made the company even better.
I have to admit, the duck was pretty good. In all honesty though, the chef’s special gravy would have made eggplant taste delicious, and I despise eggplant. The boiled red potatoes were amazing as were the snow peas. The serving dishes were bountiful and refilled before they were half emptied.
After several helpings of the potatoes, I sat back unable to eat another bite. Ivy poked me in the ribs expectantly. I looked around the table to find everyone looking at me. I hadn’t been listening.
“Good keep Falbo asked if he could see your blade Jake,” Ivy said, saving me further embarrassment.
“Of course!” I responded, sure that my face was as red as the potatoes. “Forgive me, but that meal was so wonderful, I guess my mind must have wandered.”
“Nonsense young man, there is no need to ask for forgiveness,” said the Inn keep’s wife. “My husband forgets you’ve traveled all day and are wary.”
I scooted back my chair and stood, unsheathing Gwensorloth. It gleamed as I offered it hilt first to Inn keep Falbo. He carefully accepted the blade turning it over in his hands.
“Magnificent!”  he breathed. “Now this, this is the blade of a hero.” 
“It has been in the past and will be again in the near future,” said the barest whisper of a voice in my head.
I swallowed trying not to look shaken. Great! The voice was back. 
“I thought you weren’t able to speak in my head anymore!” I thought to myself accepting the blade back from Falbo.
“When you are especially relaxed or tired, and sometimes when you’re drunk, the wall between us is weakened and you will be able to hear me.”
I sheathed the blade and sat back down, pulling my chair in. 
“Why didn’t you tell me that before? I thought angrily. 
“I wanted to surprise you,” laughed Thallium’s voice.
I heard the laughter and didn’t appreciate it very much, though I was thankful in a certain way, I had a lot of questions that needed answers. “Did you hear about the plan or do I need to tell you?” I thought to myself.
“I see and experience all that you do, my son, even if we can’t converse about it. I helped you set that plan in motion remember?”
“Thank you Master Gunn. I have never seen your blade’s like,” Inn keep Falbo said.
“Your welcome, thank you for letting us join you for dinner. We are honored.” I said, surprising myself.
“It is we who are honored,” the Inn keep’s wife said, nodding at me.
 “I help out as I can,” the voice laughed.
“That was you?” I asked in my head. “You’re helping me with my etiquette now?”
“Not much, your parents did a good job teaching you how to be respectful. I just augment it a little here and there.”
“Corporal Gillian, now that our repast is complete, could you enlighten me as to what is happening so I can begin making preparations?”
“Dear can’t it wait until after our desert, dear? We don’t want to appear rude,” Falbo’s wife interjected, smiling at her husband and patting his arm affectionately. He looked at her abashed and nodded.
“I apologize, I fear my manners are losing out to my anxiousness to learn more about what is happening. I will have a lot to prepare if we are to greet unwanted guests properly. Please forgive me,” he said to Gillian inclining his head.
“Not at all sir. With the lady’s permission?” Gill smiled.
Falbo’s wife returned Gill’s smile and nodded her assent.
“We have credible intelligence that the Blood Elves will be attacking Ceneria within the fortnight.”
“I give it less than two weeks actually. There have been developments,” Thallium’s old voice spoke softly. “Not very much time to accomplish your goal, my son.”
“What developments?” I asked the voice.
“Your enemies moved up their time table when you touched the Cardinal Ruby, well actually when you gave it to Ivy. Guldan left the Blood Elves lands before it happened and is unaware that things have progressed.” 
 “My… God!” Falbo stammered. “Can it really be so?”
“I’m afraid it is,” Gill continued. “One of the Ten brought word of this personally.”
“They really know I have it?” I asked Thallium’s essense.
“Actually, you don’t have it, Jake. Like I said, your girlfriend does,” said the voice. “I can only wonder how wild their speculations have become. An immortal takes possession of the stone, then an unknown human mage takes possession from him.”
“The Ten are involved?” Falbo said leaning forward his face mirroring his shock. “The situation must indeed be dire. How many?”
“Just one so far,” Gill responded, “but the mage council has summoned them to help Ceneria, so who knows.”
Gill started explaining in more detail what had happened leaving our quest out of his explanation. 
My thoughts fluttered around me like butterflies on the wind. Something kept eluding me and it was totally frustrating. They knew I had it, but only briefly before I gave it to Ivy to hold. Cenaria is run by mages, so they attack Ceneria? Something was escaping me, what did mages have to do with Ivy? 
“Oh, she’s good, really good. Don’t worry about it, I could fix it for you, but its best if you let your girlfriend do it.”
 “Best if you let her do what?” I demanded. “And she’s not my girlfriend!”
“Sure she isn’t,” the voice laughed.
 I turned my thoughts away from Ivy. The entire strategy relied on me being able to trap the demon within the stone.
“Will it work? Will the Cardinal Ruby trap the demon?” I asked in my head trying to keep track of the two conversations at once.
“I have reason to believe it will, getting it out of this world back to yours in time will be the problem my boy.”
I hadn’t thought about what to do if we were actually successful.
“Why?” 
“Because the magic of this world is slowly eroding the ruby’s power. It was created in a vastly different realm, Jake, you might say it is inverse to this one. 
“What realm?” I asked confused. “You mean another world?”
“Of course! There are a great deal more worlds or realms than just the world you came from and this one, but we can save that discourse for another time.
 Think of the worlds as either: positive, negative or neutral from a magical perspective. The world you come from is more or less neutral, this one is positive, and the one in which the ruby was created, negative. The vast positive charge of this world seeks to draw everything in it to a balance. That means that the longer something is in this world the more positively charged it becomes, until it is equal to the charge of this world and achieves a balance with everything else here. Since the Gem is negatively charged, the positive charge is working to correct the imbalance, weakening the gem’s power.”
I took in the information and tried to make some sense of it. 
“So that means the stone will continue to get weaker even when we bring it back to my world, since my world is neutral?”
“Exactly!” said the voice proudly. “Just at a vastly slower rate than here.”
“How long do we have to get it out of this world?” I asked.
“I’d say you have ten days, give or take a couple of days either way before the gem weakens to the point that the demon will be able to destroy it and escape the prison.”
“What happens if we don’t make it back to my world in time, and the demon breaks free from the gem?”
“Hard to say for sure. I would guess that its already considerable power would be magnified by the evil already trapped inside the stone. There would most likely be a massive release of energy.” 
“That would be bad right?” I swallowed.
“Think nuclear bomb.”

When we finished dessert a grim Falbo excused himself and his wife. He promised to have a proper breakfast waiting for us in the morning and they left. I stood up and grabbed Ivy’s hand.
“Care for a walk?” I asked feeling my face start to flush.
She smiled up at me and nodded. To my vast relief Toby and Carla kept their mouths shut, so I didn’t have to endure any comments. As we left the table and walked down a hallway away from the dining room, I concentrated on my breathing.
She laughed bumping into me purposefully.
“It’s okay, you know.” 
I tried to laugh, but I found myself even more embarrassed. My heart was racing and I had that familiar desire to run, but I fought it.
“Jake,” she said as we neared the end of the hallway, skipping lightly in front of me and putting her arms around my neck. “It’s okay, it’s me. I’m not going to bite.”
I looked down into her beautiful face smiling up at me and felt anything but okay.
“I have to tell you something,” I stammered, looking away.
“What is it?” she said, her voice suddenly sounding nervous. 
I looked around to make sure no one could hear what I was about to say.
“The sword. It had an… essence bound to it. This is going to be hard to believe, but when I drew the sword out of its sheath, the essence poured thousands of years of weapons knowledge into me. That’s how I won the tournament,” I whispered hanging my head. Now she would know I was a fake.
“Oh Jake,” she said, hugging me tightly. For a moment I just stood there shocked she wasn’t angry, then I put my arms around her waist and returned the hug.
“I thought you’d be mad,” I whispered awkwardly, holding her tightly.
“Of course not Dear Heart,” she whispered back.
How long we stood there I don’t really know. It felt at once like forever and only a few seconds. 
“Girlfriend!” a barely audible voice giggled in my head.
“Go away!”
“As you wish,” said the voice fading from my head.
“There’s something I want to show you,” Ivy said releasing her grip around my neck. “Carla, Bri and I found it earlier.”
I let go of her waist and she grabbed my hand, pulling me down the forest green carpet into a hallway to our right. She led me through a few more twists and turns then towed me into a glass observation room. The floor, ceiling and walls were all thick glass. I quickly stepped back onto the carpet. My balance threatened to leave me as I fought vertigo, putting my hand on the wall. Ivy let go of my hand and walked out into the room.
 “Ivy… don’t!” I stammered. 
“It’s safe Jake, I promise,” Ivy said leaning up against the far glass wall and turning to face me. “Trust me?”
My heart was hammering in my chest as a full on anxiety attack took me. “Please Ivy… come here. Please.”
“Do you trust me Dear Heart?” she said, reaching out towards me.
“You know I hate heights Ivy! Please come back over here.”
“I have a secret I’ll share with you if you walk over here and take my hand, Jake. You told me your secret, and I want to tell you mine, but you have to get past your fear of heights. If you don’t, mother said this quest will fail.”
“Ivy…” I stammered, trying to breathe, my vision going fuzzy. I couldn’t pass out, not now.
“Breathe, Jake. You can do this,” Ivy pleaded.
I closed my eyes and concentrated on my breathing. All those people in the town square cheering my victory in the tournament were all in danger if the demon wasn’t trapped. If our quest failed, the underworld minions of the demon would swarm into the cities and slaughter everyone like they had the dwarves in the port city Gill told me about. So many lives were on the line. 
I opened my eyes and swore as I stepped out onto the glass floor. I was thankful it was dark and I couldn’t see much of the drop below me, but I knew it was at least a thousand feet or more, and my legs faltered. I cursed again and raised my eyes towards Ivy. Through shear will I forced my legs to work properly.
“Come on baby,” Ivy whispered her hand outstretched.
I paused for a second and forced myself to look around. I had to beat this. It wasn’t enough to just get it over with; I had to get past it. I took a deep breath and considered the fear. It was irrational. So what if the glass broke, I wasn’t going to live forever. 
I laughed ruefully.
I guess that wasn’t true. If something didn’t kill me, I would live forever if any of what had happened was actually real. I realized then, with conviction that I didn’t want to live forever. I didn’t want to stay young while my friends died. What if Ivy did become my girlfriend? What if we got married, and had kids. I would out live my children? Why be afraid of something like heights? Immortality wasn’t a birthright it was a curse.
“I don’t want to live forever, Ivy,” I said taking a deep breath.
I walked over and took a hold of her hand. She laughed and jumped into my arms all soft and warm and lumpy. Relief and some other emotions flooded through me as I held her tightly. 
“I knew you could do it,” she whispered over and over.
I felt her tears on my neck and realized she was crying. 
After a few minutes she pulled back with her arms still around my neck. I looked down into her amazingly deep, greenish-yellow eyes and felt my heart skip a beat. She was stunningly beautiful. 
A worried expression came over her angelic face. “I’ve done a horrible thing, Jake, and I can’t keep it from you any longer,” she said. It hurt me seeing her like that.
“Keeping what?” 
Ivy continued to look into my eyes as hers filled with more tears.
“I’m a mage, Jake. And I’ve done something really bad.”
I shrugged, of course she was, everyone called her ‘magi’.  Suddenly, I realized how it connected with the Blood Elves moving up their timetable for attack. Their King and other royals knew a mage now had the power to judge them, so they thought the council of mages ruling Ceneria had the stone. Why hadn’t I thought of that before? What kind of magic did she do? Why hadn’t I asked her it about it?
“You don’t understand Jake,” Ivy said, as tears slowly rolled down her cheeks, “ because I’ve been keeping it from you and everyone else. I have always been able to suggest things to people, and sometimes to hear pieces of their thoughts if I concentrated hard enough. Mostly though, I could just manipulate how people saw me. Mother said it was a gift and to use it wisely, but since we came here, its been magnified beyond anything I could imagine. It’s so offensive, so immoral now.”
“Now?” I gasped.
Was that why I had never seen her as beautiful? She had been manipulating how I saw her? I was staggered as the impact of what she’d done crashed down on me. I felt completely betrayed. She must have seen the anger cross my face because she started crying in earnest.
Holy shit! She could hear what I was thinking too? All of the thoughts I’d been thinking about her. 
“You stopped me from seeing how beautiful…” I stammered and stepped back from her. “You can hear my thoughts? All of them?” I breathed furiously, suddenly, frighteningly embarrassed. Adrenaline surged through me, choking off my vocal chords and sending my heart on a wild ride.
“I swear I haven’t been reading your mind Jake, I swear it! I’ve never even tried! I never will! That’s why I made the wish. I didn’t want you or the others to be scared I was invading your privacy or making you do something you didn’t want to do. ”
“Wish?” I asked hardly able to breath.
“When we were growing up I wanted you to see me as me. Not as someone pretty. So I made a wish not to be seen as attractive, and it worked,” she cried. “I love that you like me for who I am, and not because I am beautiful. 
“When we arrived here, everyone started calling me mage, and it made me really uncomfortable. I didn’t want you or the others to start treating me differently or to start thinking of me as a mage instead of who I am. I didn’t really understand what I was doing, or even that I had really done it, Jake, I swear. I just wished it, and it happened. The wish put a shield up around me that stopped people from thinking about me that way, just like it did back home to stop people from thinking I was attractive. 
“I noticed afterwards that none of you asked me anything about my magic, and it started me thinking, and wondering if I had done something to you guys. It became clear yesterday when we were traveling; neither one of the guards said anything about me glowing when it got dark.”
I took an unsteady step away from her. 
She sobbed burying her face in her hands, her shoulders shaking as she cried.
“I wondered why at first, but mainly I just felt relieved.” 
I didn’t like being treated differently either. I had never liked it, but all I could feel was betrayal and hurt. She looked up, her eyes pleading for forgiveness.
“I figured out how to turn the shields off. I just had to wish, just like I wished you would really see me after I got my braces off. There’s more…”
I looked down at my feet, through the glass flooring and into the darkness.
“I told you I could sometimes hear pieces of what someone was thinking if I tried. Well, last night when we settled down into our camp I heard one of the guard’s thoughts as clearly as I hear you speaking now. I’m scared, Jake. It’s disgusting, and abhorrent, but as much as I hate it, I can’t help but think it might be useful as well.”
“Useful?” I nearly shouted, though I knew she was just as scared about her powers and being able to contribute as I was.
“Jake!” she pleaded.
“What am I thinking right now?” I nearly spat as the sudden hole inside of me started filling with anger. “Are you going to practice on me or one of the others?
“No!” she cried out, aghast.
I didn’t believe her, she always seemed to know what I was thinking. She was more perceptive than anyone I’d ever met. Now I knew why. I felt the hot tears pour down my cheeks and forced myself to turn away.
“Goodnight,” I growled and left the glass room.
“Jake please!” I heard her cry from behind me.


My world had dropped out from beneath me. The vertigo I felt as I walked down the hall was far greater than any I had felt in the glass room. Panic rushed me towards the edge of a cliff, but my anger kept me from falling.
She had been manipulating me for years. I stormed through the Inn in a dark mood and eventually found my room. I slammed the door shut and bolted it behind me. I took off my sword belt and threw it on the bed with impotent rage. I just wanted to go home. Let this world crumble, who cared anyway. Why should I care? It wasn’t my world or my problem. I was going to head back first thing in the morning.
I sank down on the bed next to my sword, unable to think coherently, my mind rushing from one horrible conclusion, to another. I don’t remember falling asleep, but I do know I fought nightmares the entire night.
I woke up feeling physically refreshed, but in a foul, black mood. I looked out the window at the amazing falls. They were still dark in the pre-dawn light. The barest hint of gold glinted on the horizon down the gorge promising a new day, a day I found myself dreading.


Chp. 22

I took off my clothes and stepped into the shower hoping to collect my thoughts. The warm water did nothing for my mood, but I was able to decide on a course of action. I realized as I stood there that my personal problems, regardless of how bad they were, didn’t matter in the larger scheme of things. I wasn’t going to abandon the people of this realm if I had a chance of saving them. Like it or not, I had a quest that needed to be accomplished. I would do it or die trying.
As far as Ivy was concerned, it was better this way. She was way too pretty to be stuck with me; besides, I was going to outlive everyone anyway, better to do it alone. I would be polite, and keep my feelings buried. I could only hope that eventually they would go away. They had to.  Once the mission was over and I gave Brianna’s father the ruby, I could go back to my life and submerge myself in schoolwork. Maybe Mom and Dad would even let me transfer schools so I could play ball.


I had just finished dressing when someone knocked at the door. I strapped on my sword belt and threw back the bolt before opening the door.
Toby shuffled in alone, his face etched with concern.
“What happened between you and Ivy bud?”
I sighed. 
“I’m sorry Tob, but I don’t want to talk about it.”
He nodded. 
“You all right?”
“I just want to get hell out of here.”
“Sounds good to me,” he said, laying a big paw on my shoulder. “I’m so hungry I could eat a horse. I could use a little equine revenge right now.”

I felt bad for Toby,  as we slowly walked back to the dining room and sat down, he was obviously sore from riding all day yesterday. We were alone for only a minute or two before Coach came in and sat down with us.
“You boys are up early, good. Let’s get some food in us and see to the horses and the wagon. I want to get an early start. Let the guardsmen get the girls moving,” he chortled.

We ate breakfast in silence, then followed Coach to the stables. I was thankful to be working, it helped take my mind off of my problems if only for a little while. We brushed the horses down while they ate some oats, even though the grooms complained we were doing their job. When we had finished brushing them all down, we saddled the horses. Toby didn’t say a word the entire time. He was my true friend and always had been. He knew when to push and when not to. He obviously recognized that this was one of those ‘not to’ times.
After helping Coach harness the plow horses to the wagon, we led the riding horses outside into the noisy courtyard and tethered them to a hitching post. The sheer power of the waterfall around the Inn thrummed inside me like an overload of energy. The sky had grown considerably brighter as the sun started to edge up over the horizon. Colorful swallows darted around the courtyard capturing insects. Grooms and porters hustled about preparing the inn for the coming day.

Toby and I helped Coach secure the provisions in the wagon that Falbo’s people brought out. While we were loading it up, Gill came outside with the girls. I ignored the dirty looks I received from Carla and Brianna and I didn’t look at Ivy at all.
When Toby and I had lashed in the last package, I jumped out of the wagon and walked over to my horse. I untied him from the post and tightened the cinch the way I’d seen Gill do it. Grabbing the horse’s reins I managed to mounted him without mishap, moved my bow into an easier position to ride with and started out of the courtyard. I had just crossed the wooden drawbridge when Gill caught up with me.
“I told them we’d scout ahead,” he shouted over the roar of the falls. “Horses have a bit too much energy this morning; let’s run it out of them.”
I nodded, and we took off.


It felt good to run the horses. We headed opposite the way we’d come from through another long tunnel created by the horseshoe shaped waterfall and up the narrow road at a gallop. I thought the canter was cool, but galloping was insane. 
It was close to the feeling you get riding a motorcycle from a speed standpoint, but on a motorcycle you don’t get the feeling of an animal’s muscles straining and pushing beneath you or hear their forceful breath as their lungs struggle to meet the demands of exerting that kind of energy. You don’t feel like your sharing an experience with another living creature on a motorcycle. 
Gill and I ran the horses until the roar of the falls had disappeared in the distance. We were laughing aloud before the end of our race. Eventually we slowed down and started walking the lathered up horses.
“Normally you don’t run horses up an incline without warming them up first, but its okay once in a great while or if need presses you,” said Gill, breathing heavily.
I was catching my breath too. I didn’t know riding was an aerobic activity, but it certainly was.
“We’ll wait for the others at the top of the pass. String your bow, just in case we run into any Blood Elf scouts, though it should be too early for that.”
I cursed myself as I suddenly remembered what Thallium’s essence had told me yesterday. I should have told Gill about it before we left so he could have sent a messenger warning Captain Marchon that the Blood Elves had moved up their timetable.
“Gill, I blew it!” I said shaking my head.
Gill looked at me curiously, not understanding. “What did you blow, a horn of some kind? I heard nothing!”
“No, it’s an expression for screwing up.”
“You two will work it out...”
“No, not that! I learned last night that the Blood Elves have moved up their attack. It’s not coming in thirty days, but in less than two weeks. I can’t believe I forgot to tell you before we left. I’m sorry,” I said, looking down at the saddle horn. “I was angry and not thinking clearly.”
“Fourteen days?” Gill said stopping his horse. “How…”
 “I’m sorry, but I can’t tell you how I found out about it, I just did. You have to trust me on this,” I pleaded.
Gill looked perplexed, but nodded, turning his horse. 
“I’ll ride back to the inn and make sure a messenger is sent to Captain Marchon. This changes things a quite a bit Jake; the dark elves will almost certainly have scouts in the pass or close to it, possibly even a war party. This is the only pass leading into Cenaria big enough for an army to move through with any speed. The dark elves will want it secured. 
“You’ll need to scout ahead to the top of the pass. There is a post maintained by the inn there, but I wouldn’t rely on them. Blood elves could have passed by without their knowledge, or even overrun the post without word reaching the Inn.
“Dark elves have exceptional sight and hearing, so be careful, Jake. Shoot first; ask questions later. We have to get through this pass before it becomes closed to us.”
“I’m confused Gill, I thought Brighton was part of Cenaria. If these mountains are the border then…”
“Brighton is a part of Ceneria,” Gill interrupted talking quickly. “These mountains are part of a massive, nearly impassable mountain range that protects Ceneria’s interior, but they are not the border. Brighton sits on Ceneria’s southern border three days ride from the Inn across the plains.”
“If there are blood elves in the pass, then have they attacked Brighton already?”
“Brighton is technically a Cenerian city, but in truth it is considered a part of the kingdoms of: Thunderhome, Kris’Stin, Alissia, the Blood Elf kingdom of Mozgul, as well as Ceneria. They will go around it if they don’t wish to start a war with the other kingdoms as well.”
“Will the other kingdoms come to Ceneria’s aid?”
“They haven’t in the past, but if Brighton was attacked they would. Pray that the dark elves are so foolish,” he sighed his expression grim. “Wait for us at the guard post if possible.”
I nodded, and he turned his mount and took off. 


I cursed myself for not telling him sooner and tried to string my bow. I couldn’t bend it enough to secure the bowstring sitting on top of the horse, so I dismounted. Leaning my weight into it, I bent the five-foot war bow and fit the bowstring in place, then pulled an arrow from my quiver. Holding the blackened shaft of the arrow in my left hand with the bow, I mounted back up. I squeezed my knees together ever so slightly and my horse started forward once more. 
The switchback continued up the granite face. There was little cover that could hide me, or an enemy, but that didn’t stop me from scanning ahead as though my life was at stake. It was.
I slowed to a stop as I neared the summit of the granite cliff, frightened by what might be over the crest. I would probably be totally exposed when I rode over it, so I dismounted, looking around for somewhere I could tether the horse. Unable to find anything I patted the horse’s head and whispering for it to stay, then hesitantly let go of the leather reins. The horse pawed at the road with a hoof impatiently, but didn’t move, so I turned and ran forward to the summit in a crouch. Pressing myself low against the road, I crawled forward to a boulder near the summit and peered around it. 
A moraine like shelf littered with small granite boulders and devoid of any trees or bushes extended one hundred yards from the summit up into the pass before it met a thick forest of evergreen trees. There was no cover what so ever. It was the perfect place for an ambush. If there were archers hidden in the trees, it would be next to impossible to make it to the cover over the open ground.
 I was wondering how to manage it, scanning the forest for any sign of movement when a family of deer stepped out from cover of the trees near the road, grazing on the grass at the forests edge. Relieved, I ran back down the road to my horse. I said a quick prayer of thanks that it hadn’t moved and mounted the chestnut gelding. Fitting the black-shafted arrow to the bowstring, I pressed my heels into the horse’s sides hard. It took off like a shot over the summit and across the open area towards the tree line. The deer at the forest edge fled when they saw the horse barreling over the road towards them. I crouched low in the saddle trying to make myself the smallest target possible as the horse hurtled over the road. 
No arrows flew toward me as I closed the distance to the trees. After another moment that seemed an eternity, I entered the shadows of their protective branches and sat back in the saddle, pulling the reins hard towards my hips with my free hand. The horse literally slid to a stop. Trusting my intuition, I dismounted quickly and tethered the horse to a pine tree on the side of the road. Gill and the others would find it easily enough. I didn’t have any way to leave a message for them, but I figured Gill would understand what I was doing. Grabbing a canteen from my saddlebag, I set off along the tree line so I could make certain there was no ambush awaiting my friends. 
I ran as lightly as I could through the woods. My soft leather boots made very little sound as I moved from cover to cover, scanning the forest ahead as I went. The evergreen forest was beautiful and filled with life. Birds called out to one another and sang from the cover of the tall pines. Flowers that looked like Larkspur, Indian paintbrush, Lupine and Bluebell grew in irregular patches next to trees or around granite boulders, along side Holly, Laurel and wild Azalea bushes. A wide variety of butterflies and bees glided or buzzed through the air above the flowers searching for pollen. 
Some of the tall pine trees I passed smelled like vanilla, while others had a slight cinnamon fragrance. They were similar to pine trees I’d seen on camping trips, though some were quite a bit different. One type resembled a Sugar Pine, with bark that had purple resin veins running through it.
 The small creeks and brooks I crossed were filled with run-off from the snow-covered peaks on either side of the valley leading into the pass. Pausing in the cover of a bush with tiny red berries that sat on the bank of one of the creeks, I dipped my hand into the ice-cold water and took a sip. It was clean, crisp and refreshing so I filled my canteen. 
While I filled it I wondered if the stream fed the rivers that poured over the falls around the Inn. 
I know this is going to sound weird, but I enjoyed scouting the forest. It was thrilling, gave me a purpose, and helped to take my mind off of Ivy’s betrayal. It reminded me of a trip my family took to Idaho a couple of summers ago. Toby had come along which was usual. I went with his family and he with mine for pretty much every trip we had ever taken since first grade. We had camped near the Clark Fork River, a few miles from a town by the same name. Dad, Toby and I had taken numerous hikes away from our campsite to go fly-fishing. Fly-fishing had been responsible for Toby’s first, and second ear piercings.

The sun was directly above my head when I came upon a thick, twelve-foot high stonewall. I followed it to an outpost straddling the road. The forest had been narrowing for some time between two enormous, snow-covered granite mountains, funneling me towards the outpost and wall. I heard the twang of bowstrings echoing down into the forest before I actually saw the outpost. From the cover of a pitted granite boulder to the left of the road, I watched as several men practiced with bows on a target dummy. They were enjoying a contest of some sort and their rowdy voices carried out, echoing between the massive mountains of the pass. They were oblivious to the danger they were in.
I slipped the arrow back in my quiver and passed the bow over my shoulder. Putting my hands out in front of me, I stepped from my hiding place and walked towards them. I had only gone some ten feet or so when one of the men saw me.
“Hail traveler!” he called out. His friends turned and regarded me for a moment and then went back to their sport.
I lowered my hands and walked up the grade to where they stood near the wall. They didn’t seem the least bit concerned at my approach. I quickly deduced that trouble didn’t come very often from this side of the wall. Still, they seemed a little lackadaisical for guards. They certainly weren’t city guards.
“Hunting?” asked the skinny man who had greeted me.
“No, just scouting the forest for my friends,” I offered.
He looked at me as if I was crazy. “Scouting? Why in the child’s name would you be scouting at all, much less on this side of the wall?”
I thought about whether or not I should tell him what was going to be happening. I decided that since their lives were on the line, they had a right to know.
 “An army of dark elves is going to come through this pass in the next two weeks. There could be war parties in the pass soon, if they’re not already here,” I said, trying to keep my voice as calm as possible.
The guard’s reaction wasn’t what I expected. Not by a long shot. He started laughing and called his friends over to him. He repeated what I’d just told him to the other four. They all hooted and laughed.
“Who sent yas eh?” asked a bearded man well into his thirties, obviously the senior of the bunch. The others were little older than me. They were all looking at me as though I out of my mind.
The anger I was repressing started boiling over. Here I was going on what probably equated to a suicidal mission to save their friends, family and country, and they were grinning at me as if I was part of a practical joke.
“Captain Marchon of Lockewood you idiot!” I snapped.
“Yer a bit of rude now,” the man said, suddenly serious, handing his bow to one of the other men. “Joke or not, I’ll be takin yer down fer talkin at me like that.”
He balled his fists and stepped forward. I didn’t have time to do much more than react. All the years I’d spent in my father’s Aikido class as well as a vast stream of other knowledge I’d gained two days ago made the fight ridiculously easy. I stepped inside his looping right hand and casually caught his wrist turning in a circle as I twisted using his momentum to throw him to the sharp, crushed granite.
He landed hard, crying out in pain. I let go of his locked arm and looked down at him.
“This isn’t a joke!” I shouted. 
Two of the others started forward to help their leader and in a quick motion I drew Gwensorloth and held its tip at the nearest guard’s throat. He froze and looked down at the shining blade, his eyes growing wide. He swallowed deeply and held his hands up.
“Back off!” I growled at him. He nodded and stepped back.
I sheathed my sword in a quick motion and pulled their groaning leader to his feet. “Still think this is a joke?”
He rubbed his shoulder and shook his head. “Nay, my apologies.”
“Good!” I growled, “Because your lives are in danger. Is anyone watching the wall?”
“Finnigan and Groth,” he said stepping away from me towards his friends. 
“Does this have to do with the riders?” asked an overweight, baby-faced man-boy stepping around his leader.
“What riders?” I asked.
“Night before last two dark robed men on horseback galloped through the gate followed closely by two others. It happened so fast we didn’t get a good look.”  
“You keep the gate open?” I shook my head in disbelief.
“Ceneria ain’t been attacked in five-hundred yers,” the leader said still rubbing his shoulder. “We only keep a watch here cause o the treaty fer the inn.”
I started to feel bad about hurting him as I realized how preposterous it must have sounded that his kingdom was going to be at war soon. Captain Marchon had said that the people of Ceneria relied on the mages too much. He was obviously right. Because of the banishment, anyone could come to Ceneria and had been able to for hundreds of years. If they broke the laws in a city, they were banished. Up until now there was no point in keeping the gate shut. Evidently four other kingdoms used this pass to enter Ceneria.
“Right, well, things are about to get ugly. Corporal Gillian will be here soon. He’ll tell you more about it. Let’s get the gate closed and make things ready for when he gets here. Until he says differently, don’t allow any blood elves through,” I said hoping that my offer of help would in some way pardon my actions.
The leader turned to the others. “You heard the man. Get moving!” he shouted.
They stood frozen for a second, then ran down the wall towards the outpost straddling the road. Their bearded leader and I followed. 

I quickly learned that there were twelve guards altogether.  Four stood watch, two on the walls and two in the gatehouse. They were on watch duty for eight hours and were relieved by the next group of four. The entire group of twelve was do to be rotated out from the outpost in only four days.
I followed Johan their leader around as he doubled the watch on the walls. I suggested the men walking the wall were all easy targets for bowmen with any skill, and they quickly found spots where they could see their sections of the wall and beyond it into the heavily wooded pass from cover. Johan and I looked out over the wall into the forest. 
Over the years the trees had been allowed to grow all the way up to the wall. Unlike the wall in Lockewood, there was no kill zone. I mentioned this to Johan and he nodded in agreement. As soon as we left the wall he ordered four of the guards to gather axes and start clearing the trees to close to the wall. That left five of us to work on the gate.
 The heavy iron gate hadn’t been closed in so long that it had rusted open. After a great deal of oiling, and manpower, we were able to close and open the heavy gates with relative ease. 
After the gates were made ready, Johan grabbed two more axes. He tossed me one and we went out to help the others clearing the trees. I was nervous as hell as I started chopping a fairly large pine tree. I could see the archers covering us from the wall, but I felt overly exposed as I stood there swinging. Also, I had never cut down a tree before, if it fell into the wall, it would allow an enemy an easy ramp up to the top.
I notched a big groove out of one side, then made a smaller notch on the other side. I returned to the side away from the wall and widened the groove. Once I felt I had started it correctly, I started swinging at the tree with all of my strength and was rewarded each swing by a shower of chipped wood. It wasn’t very long before I heard a popping sound and the tree started to lean away from the wall. I moved quickly out of the way and yelled “Timber!” The tree gathered momentum as it fell stripping branches from the nearby trees, then crashed to the forest floor with a thunderous boom. 


Chp. 23

I had cut down eight more trees of varying sizes and had started on another when I heard Toby laughing behind me.
“So now you’re a lumberjack eh?” he said coming over to where I stood sweating profusely. 
“Bout time you showed up,” I laughed.
“What? Getting tired? How hard can it be anyway?” he teased offering me a canteen.
I dropped the axe and grabbed the canteen. “Go for it Tob. It’s all you man,” indicating the axe at my feet.
“Na, been wanting to hit something with this since I got it.” Toby said holding up his huge rune covered sledge.
“That’s not going to work, it doesn’t have an edge.”
“Just stand back,” he laughed.
I walked over to the trunk of a tree I had just felled and sat down on it, sipping water from the canteen as Toby got into position. This promised to be funny. Hitting the thick tree trunk with his huge, rune-covered mallet was going to jar his whole body.  I held my breath in anticipation as Toby pulled back his arm and gathering his strength, swung at the notched tree with all of his might.
There was a deafening, thunderous explosion as a section of the three-foot tree trunk shattered into a million shards of wood spraying out in a huge cloud that knocked me head over heals off the trunk I had been sitting on. I opened my eyes in time to see Toby diving over the trunk I’d been sitting on.
We watched from the forest floor as the tree crashed down into the woods. 
“Holy crap!” I swore, pulling huge splinters of wood out of my clothing. “That hammer is wicked!”
“No shit!” Toby stammered rising to his hands and knees. “I didn’t think that would happen.” 
One side of his face was riddled with splinters of wood. He looked like a porcupine. I couldn’t help but laugh.
“Where is Carla with her video camera when I need it,” I snickered, standing up and offering Toby a hand. “Lucky it fell the right way.” 
He grinned, bloody face and all, and let me help him up. The guards began arriving one by one, drawn to the sound of the explosion. I held my hands up in a calming gesture.
 “Don’t hit the next one so hard,” I suggested, still laughing.
Toby started pulling shards of wood from the side of his face, but he was grinning from ear to ear. I helped him pull out the smaller pieces before he walked over to the next tree.
“Let’s try this again,” he said. He stood to the side more this time and didn’t hit it with all his strength. The concussion still echoed out through the pass, but there was no explosion or flying debris. The tree trunk however, was smashed halfway through. He walked over to the other side and tapped it lightly. The tree started to topple easily away from the wall.
“Damn,” I whispered. “Guess I’m done with that axe.”
“Me too!” said one of the guards clearly amazed.
Toby laughed loudly and started crushing trees. 

The some of the guards stayed around to watch Toby pound trees into sawdust, others left after awhile to make other preparations. It wasn’t very long before there was a thirty-foot kill zone in front of the three-hundred-and-fifty-foot wall. Gill, Johan and Coach McNally smeared tar over the fallen trees in the wake of Toby’s demolition.  Toby was breathing hard and soaked with sweat by the time he had crushed the last tree.
I accompanied him back through the gate to a well in the small compound and retrieved a bucket of water for him. He poured it over his head without complaint and handed me the bucket. I got him another and he poured it over his head as well.
“That is far better than waking up to a bucket of cold water,” he laughed.
I drew another bucket out of the well and splashed it over my face and neck.
“Wuss,” he said grinning.
“You say that now, but in another hour when the sun goes down and you’re sitting in wet clothes, while I am warm and dry…”
Toby grabbed the bucket in one hand and the back of my leather tunic in the other and poured the bucket over my head. “You’ll be just a miserable as me,” he finished for me laughing.
The cold water shocked me. I stood there shivering in disbelief. Toby had always had impulse control where water was concerned. He knew I would have to get him back now. It was on!
“Such maturity,” Carla said, walking towards us accompanied by Brianna and Ivy. “Too bad that bucket wasn’t filled with mud.”
“Why? Were you thinking of wrestling Brianna or Ivy?” Toby laughed.
“Men!” Brianna and Carla said at the same time, then started laughing.
I looked up at Ivy as she walked towards me. She glanced at me then looked down. I felt anger rising up inside and felt trapped. There wasn’t anywhere for me to run.
“Did you tell them what you’ve been doing?” I asked lowering the bucket back down into the well.
“She did in fact!” Brianna answered for her. “You need to get over it.”
I ignored her comment and started pulling on the rope.
“Good, then everyone knows,” I said, continuing to haul up the water filled bucket.
Toby grabbed Carla around the waist and lifted her off the ground. “Toby Vincent Daniels, if you get me wet it will be months before I allow you to do it again!” she screamed, squirming away from him and holding a finger threateningly in his face.
Toby stepped back feigning fear. His overacting always made me laugh, but I was too tense and angry to indulge myself. I pulled the water filled bucket up and set it on the ground near the well. 
As I stood up, I felt a hand on my arm and turned to see Ivy looking up at me. My heart lurched in my chest as I looked down into her gorgeous face.
“Jake, please forgive me,” she whispered, her beautiful eyes filling with tears again. “I didn’t ask for any of this either. I made you a promise, and I will keep it Dear Heart”
I felt myself falling into her eyes and looked away. “I just need time to figure it out. Can I have that at least?” I snapped and walked away.

I stood on the wall by myself as Gill ran through the forest with a torch setting the tar soaked logs on fire. I knew it was irrational to blame Ivy. But I couldn’t help feeling betrayed. I didn’t understand why I felt that way, or why treating her the way I was made me feel so ashamed.
Toby joined me on the wall as the flames rose up into the darkening sky.
“I brought you some food bud,” he said, sitting down next to me and putting a bowl on the stone near my feet.
I grabbed the gray bowl and started eating the stew inside. It was pretty good.
“I wanted you to know that I think I understand your anger at Ivy,” he began, and I started to object, but he put up a hand. “Just hear me out buddy. She’s been in love with you since fourth grade man, and she’s just about the nicest person I’ve ever met. As your best friend, I should have been jealous of the time you spent with her instead of me when we were growing up, but I never was. She’s just that cool. I always knew you were okay if you were with her.  I knew she was looking out for you if I couldn’t.”
“You make me sound pathetic, as though I need help just to tie my shoes,” I growled angrily.
“Not at all, you’re the most gifted athlete I’ve ever seen, by far, dude. Even my dad agrees. You know Jake, I understand how crippling your anxiety issues are, we’ve talked about it before, and I get it. Maybe you’ve never considered your anxiety the way I have, but it’s similar to the way I think of Ivy. Your anxiety keeps you grounded, and so does Ivy,” Toby said, as if I should understand everything now.
He looked at me waiting for the dawn of recognition to slam into me, and frowned as I just sat there slurping from the bowl.
“Come on Jake!” he sighed. “Imagine how big your head would be if you enjoyed crowds and popularity. Imagine how different you’d act if you hadn’t had Ivy pulling you off to do all that bizarre stuff. She’s kept you grounded, and so has your anxiety.”
“She lied to me Toby!” I cursed throwing the bowl over the wall in anger.
“How, because she stopped people from ogling her? Because she wanted people to like her for who she was inside, and not for her beauty? How is that any different than you disliking that people know and liked you only because you are the best quarterback to ever play at Fairview High? Let me ask you this Jake. If you could have cast a spell, made a wish or whatever, to stop people from liking you or thinking that they are your friend just because of your athletic ability, would you have?”
I looked at Toby. He had that smirk he got when he knew he was right about something.
“You’re an ass Tob,” I said quietly, staring back out over the gathering flames.
“Yeah, I know,” he said smugly, grinning with satisfaction.
We sat there for a long time, watching as the felled trees above the stone outpost blazed, lighting up the pass.


We set out the next morning in the quiet before the world wakes up with the dawning of the sun. Johan and another guardsmen closed and bolted the gate behind us as we started into the pass. Lazy smoke rose from smoldering trees on both sides of the road, draping the forest ahead in an un-natural fog. Not many of the pine trees that hadn’t been tarred had caught fire. I wondered if it wasn’t because of the altitude, but it might have been the humidity.
Gill rode ahead to scout the path before us. The day passed slowly as we rode through the forest. Like before, I kept my bow strung and an arrow at the ready as we rode.
At midday we found Gill sitting atop his horse waiting for us. We dismounted and ate some cold meat and bread. We were on the downward slope of the pass, just inside the edge of the forest. The view from this side of the pass was spectacular. I could see where the road wound down the mountain and beyond to a great plain that extended all the way to the horizon. 
“It’s open country from here on until we reach Brighton,” Gill said, nodding down the mountainside. I hope you are all getting accustomed to the saddle, because we need to get to the base of the mountain before nightfall and off of this road.”
“We’ll be lucky if we get down the damn mountain now. That idiotic fire was probably seen all the way across the stupid plain,” Coach McNally grumbled.
“I say again, it was necessary. That outpost is the first line of defense. It will be there that Captain Marchon will engage the enemy,” Gill sighed, as if explaining something to a child for the twentieth time.
“That is where this ridiculous plan fails, Corporal,” Coach spat. “How do you plan on returning once this mission is over, when an enemy army is crowded into the only pass back into Ceneria?”
Gill smiled as though he were still speaking to a child. “It isn’t the only pass old man, just the only one big enough for an army and all of the wagons it takes to support an army, to pass through these mountains. There are other ways back. Other passes.”
“None big enough for my wagon,” Coach cursed.
“Who said you will be able to take your wagon?” laughed Gill, enjoying the dark look that crossed Coach’s face.

We ate quickly, urged into action by Coach’s sour curses and vile grumbling. We had to stop several times on our descent down the mountain to let convoys of merchant wagons filled with trade goods from the kingdoms of Alissia and Kri’Stin pass. Each wagon train had stopped momentarily and given us warning regarding rumors of army movement at the southern end of the plain near the lands of the Blood Elves. We thanked them and hurried as quickly down the slope of the mountain as the wagon could safely travel.
We reached the bottom of the pass and turned off the road into the tall grass as dusk settled in over the plain around us. I’d never seen grasses so tall. They grew past the horse’s withers, some strands reaching as high as the pommel of my saddle. Gill stopped us twenty yards into the tall grass and went back on foot to straighten the trampled rushes behind us. I dismounted and helped him the best I could. It didn’t look perfect, but I doubted anyone would notice when it became fully dark. Once we’d done the best we could to conceal our path off of the road, we mounted back up. 
“Try to keep your horses in the path made by the wagon wheels just in case. It might help to hide our numbers if someone tries to track us,” Gill said, and then moved in front of the wagon. “Follow me.”
Coach grumbled something but followed the guardsman further away from the road out into the plain. Toby and Carla fell in line behind one of the wagon wheels, while Brianna, Ivy and I fell in behind the other.

Darkness fell over the plain. Total darkness of a kind I’d rarely experienced in my life. Again I was reminded of the camping trip to Idaho with Toby and my family. There had been a new moon, and the lack of moonlight had made it impossible to see your hand in front of your face. It was the first time I’d ever really seen the Milky Way. Toby and I took a couple of folding chairs to a clearing and stared up at our galaxy, but I hadn’t glowed then. 
Ivy and I were glowing so brightly that even the hoods of our cloaks did little to hide the brightness. Gill stopped and had us dismount and walk until we got further away from the road. We mounted again a couple of hours later, after the moon came out from behind the mountains, casting a somber light over the plain. 
We rode through the night crossing deep into the seemingly endless plain. I didn’t know it was possible to sleep in the saddle like they sometimes did in the movies, but I must have dozed, because one minute my eyes felt heavy and I was fighting to keep them open, the next I found myself waking up as the sun slowly rose over the horizon.
We ate breakfast in the saddle, passing around bread and smoked sausages, while the horse’s grabbed mouthfuls of grass as they walked. I looked around chewing on some dried beef. Did the damned plain go on forever? There seemed no end in sight. The mountains behind us were little more than a long purple line in the distance.
“How far is it to Brighton?” I asked Gill when he rode back to offer us more food.
“Another day-and-a-half if we could keep this pace and avoid any plainsmen, but we can’t continue without damaging the plow horses. They are already showing signs of fatigue. We’ll have to stop before midday to give them some rest.”
“Indians?” Toby said. “We have to avoid Indians?”
“I know not of what you speak. What are these… Indians?” asked Gill, confused.
“You said we have to avoid plainsmen. Where we come from they are called Indians,” said Toby.
“Boy, you really were asleep during our anthropology class,” Carla laughed. 
“It was boring. What can I say?” Toby shrugged.
Even though Toby was a sophomore and Carla a senior, she had somehow managed to get in the class with him.
“’Plainsmen’ could mean any nomadic group or people who chose a simpler way of life, you big oaf,” Carla laughed. “But you go right to Indians.”
Gill nodded at Carla. “The plainsmen are nomads, gypsies, refugees and criminals from nearly every known kingdom. Somehow they find their way here, adding to the numbers of the plains tribesmen. They consider these plains to be their own and don’t recognize Cenerian rule. A treaty exists that basically says the road is Cenerian land, and gives them control of the plains, aside from a four-league boundary around Brighton. Officially they are part of Ceneria though, and fall under Cenerian rule for what it’s worth.”
“So we are trespassing on their lands?” Brianna asked
Gill nodded to her, bowing slightly in the saddle, “In a manner of speaking, Lady Brianna. yes.”
“Does that mean we’re in danger?” she continued.
“Let’s just hope we don’t find out,” Gill said.

At midday we stopped in an especially high stand of grass, near a brook. Coach took the harnesses off the plow horses and tethered them on a long line so they could reach the water, and eat their full. The rest of us dismounted and Gill hobbled our horse’s front legs so they couldn’t do more than walk and then set them free to graze.
“Set a watch. We’ll get moving at sundown,” Coach growled getting in the back of his wagon and laying out his bedroll.
Gill shook his head. 
“I’ll stand watch.” 
Sleeping in the saddle didn’t count as refreshing, but it was probably more than anybody else had. 
“I’ll take the first watch Gill. I dozed off last night, so I’m not very tired.”
Gill argued with me for a few minutes but ended up relenting, though only if I woke him after an hour or two.
Everyone settled down in the tall grass as I went to the wagon and climbed up into the seat so I could see the plains around us better. A light breeze rippled the grasses like waves on an ocean. It was serene and beautiful. The vastness of the plain surrounding me made me feel small and somehow, insignificant. It was a refreshing perspective given all the focus that had been put on the quest and me.
Some strange species of black bird with an iridescent, deep blue throat, occasionally flew up out of the grasses surrounding us, then darted back down to disappear again. I watched this strange behavior repeated hundreds of times all across the plain. Other than that, there was no sign of life.

I woke Gill as the sun started setting. He wasn’t very happy with me, but was thankful for the extra rest. We woke up the others and ate a meal consisting of dried fruits and bread. Gathering the horses, we set off as dusk settled over the vast grass-covered plain. We spent the entire night on horseback without a rest. 
As dawn approached, Coach stopped the wagon near several, tall mounds of grass. Gill turned his horse around and came back to the wagon.
“What are you about old man. This is a burial site. We can’t stop here!” Gill yelled.
Coach ignored him and got off of the wagon.
“I’m sure I’m not the only one that needs to relieve themselves, guard,” he growled, stalking off into the tall grass between two of the mounds.
“Great,” I muttered shaking my head. “Piss off the ghosts of plainsmen.”
“Good pun,” Toby laughed.
“What a donkey’s ass,” Gill grumbled riding around the wagon to where we sat on our mounts. “Does he just not get it, or doesn’t he care about anyone but himself?”
“Both,” Toby answered. 
“I totally don’t understand why father keeps him around,” said Brianna, shrugging at the guard. 
“Good thing nobody is around to see,” Carla said.
“Oh, they are around,” Gill said, “Nothing happens on their lands without their notice.”
“Seriously?” I said in disbelief. “I haven’t seen a sign of anyone.”
“Either have I, Jake, but that doesn’t mean they aren’t watching us. I wouldn’t be surprised if your Coach doesn’t find an arrow or two in his back for defiling their sacred ground.”
“That would be a tragedy,” Toby said sarcastically.

Coach returned through the grass and hauled himself up into the wagon.
“What! No one else need to go? Suit yourselves!” 
Gill rolled his eyes and rode out around the wagon to take the lead again. I didn’t know about the others, but I had to go pretty badly. I wasn’t about to relieve myself on someone’s grave though.
 As we started out again I grimaced. I saw Toby looking pained as well. When we had gone several hundred yards past the burial site I pulled up and dismounted unable to take it any longer.
“I’ll catch up,” I told the others. The girl’s giggled.
“Me too,” Toby agreed, hoping painfully down from his horse. 
“The power of suggestion,” Carla giggled. “Do you need some powder for your noses?”
We walked into the grass a little apart and relieved ourselves. We both sighed aloud at the same time, then started laughing.
“Having to pee and riding a damn horse, don’t go together at all,” Toby laughed. I had to agree. The rocking motion put a great deal of pressure on the bladder.
“How the girl’s manage it, I have no idea,” I said, walking back to my horse.
“Girls,” Toby sighed painfully, mounting his horse beside me.

We caught back up easily and fell into line behind the girls.
“That waterfall back at the inn was amazing,” Toby said loudly. “All that water, pouring down off the mountain, splashing down in the gorge.”
I saw immediately where he was going with that and joined in.
“I think it was bigger than Niagara Falls. Wonder how much water discharges off that cliff per day, splattering against the boulders down in the ravine?”
“Millions of gallons I’d say, shooting down… it was like an ocean of water…”
“Or a lake!” I interjected.
“Yeah, like a lake of water just poured out off the mountain, falling down, so far down…”
 I noticed Brianna squirm a bit in her saddle, then Ivy.
“Assholes!” Carla said, stopping her horse.
Brianna and Ivy stopped their mounts too. Then they all dismounted and ran off into the shoulder high grass. Toby and I stayed nearby to guard them, laughing hysterically while we waited.
Ivy was the first to return, followed shortly afterwards by Carla.
“Really funny Tob!” said Carla, smacking him the arm after she mounted. Toby was laughing so hard I thought his red cheeks might explode.
Ivy mounted and we sat on our horses waiting for Brianna.

“To arms!” came Gill’s shout from far off in the grass. “To me!”
“Oh shit!” Toby said, pulling his huge war hammer off of his belt.
“Go Jake!” Ivy implored. “We’ll find Brianna.”
I looked quickly at Toby as I pulled my strung bow from over my shoulder.
“I got them, Jake.”
“Ride to the wagon as quickly as you can!” I said kicking my horse hard in his sides. 
The chestnut gelding took off like a gunshot down the track left by the wagon. Riding with no hands, I managed to pull an arrow out of my quiver and notch it to string before the wagon came into view. My heart dropped out of my chest as I saw the bodies swarming over the back of the wagon. I let an arrow fly, pulled another and let it fly before I was close enough to draw Gwensorloth out of the scabbard, discarding my bow.
An arrow buzzed by my cheek, its feathers slicing my ear just before my horse careened into the group of wildly tattooed men clad in green and gray, fatigue stained tunics that were clambering up into the back of the wagon. I slashed down twice, scattering the attackers, then swung to my left around the wagon towards where Gill stood engaged with four men, his sword a defensive blur. I rode two of his attackers down and leapt from the saddle landing on a third spear-wielding tribesman. My sword cleaved through his neck sending a fountain of crimson up into the air. I rolled backwards away from the grisly spray, coming to my feet beside Gill. More fatigue clad figures erupted from the grass before us. I didn’t have time to reason or think about it, I cut three of them down as Gill downed two more. Behind us several tribesmen had climbed up on the wagon.
“I’ll get the wagon!” Gill panted, turning to climb into the seat. “Keep them off of me.”
“Where’s Coach?” I yelled as more warriors leaped through the tall reeds.
This wasn’t anything like sparring. It wasn’t a dance. There was no grace in it at all. There wasn’t room to move, or to test a defense. My strikes had to be quick, offensive and decisive. 
Gwensorloth stained the grass with their blood as three more men fell screaming before me. I backed towards the wagon parrying a wooden club, slicing through an elbow, then slashing down quickly through the attackers thigh, he shrieked and fell, dropping his weapon. I heard the fight in the wagon behind me.
“He’s gone!” Gill yelled.
I took out two more attackers and climbed into the seat. With a flick of my wrist, I knocked two arrows away from Gill’s back then moved into the wagon bed beside him. Together we drove the tribesmen out of the back of the wagon. Staining the sideboards crimson.
 “We are easy targets here. Get out!” yelled Gill, as several arrows sizzled through the air over our heads. 
We jumped. 
I heard the whistling sound of arrows cutting through the air above the wagon where we had just been. I knocked an arrow away from me with my sword while I was in the air, narrowly avoiding being skewered.  
I landed near my bow, sheathed my sword and picked it up, sending arrow after arrow into the grass along the same path the enemies darts had come towards us. I heard a voice cry out in pain and then there was silence.
“I’m hit,” Gill said from the other side of the wagon.
There was no sign of any new attackers, just their dead and wounded lying on the ground around the wagon. I dropped down and crawled under the wagon’s belly coming out on the other side. Gill leaned against a wagon wheel, a tan shaft with brown feathers protruding from his shoulder. I pulled him under the wagon.
“The girls!” I panted, trying to catch my breath.
“I’ll be okay!” He grimaced. “Go, go!”
I handed him my bow and pulled the quiver from around my neck. “Can you draw it?” I asked.
“I‘ll figure it out! Go!” he winced.
I nodded and scrambled out from beneath the wagon, Gwensorloth once more in my hand.
Gill’s horse was the closest, so I took a few steps and leapt, pulling myself into the saddle. Digging in my heels, I took off back down our trail in the tall grasses toward where I’d come from only minutes ago.
I arrived in seconds and dove from my horse before it was stopped, rolling to my feet in a crouch before Ivy. Toby stood on the other side in front of Carla. Before him several deformed shapes littered the ground.
“Is everyone okay?” I asked, scanning the grass.
“Toby has an arrow sticking out of his leg, Jake!” Carla cried.
“He’ll be okay,” Ivy said with her eyes closed, her hands extended towards the grass. “They’re leaving, one of them is pleased. He thinks they have done what was asked of them. Another is complaining about a blonde devil who killed his friends. He wants revenge. Others are coming, they need to leave quickly.”
“Others? What others? Who is coming?” I asked, standing a little straighter, sword still out before me just in case.
“I don’t know… wait, the tribe is coming. They are afraid of the tribe. They have to set the fire before the tribe arrives.”
“Holy crap!” Toby cursed. “That wagon won’t be able to outrun a fire.”
“Not a chance,” Carla groaned.
“Not with two dead plow horses it won’t. Where is Brianna?” I asked pulling Ivy to her feet.
“She went willingly, Jake.” Ivy whispered. “It was with someone she knew.”
“Coach!” I growled, incensed.
“Coach?”
“Yeah Tob, the bastard left Gill to fight all by himself when they were attacked. Gill’s wounded. We need to get back to him, now! Gather the horses.”
I helped Ivy mount Gill’s horse and grabbed Brianna’s. Toby snatched his horse’s reins then snapped off the arrow sticking out of his leg with an angry grunt, so he could mount. Carla mounted as well, tears streaming down her face as she looked at Toby. We rode as quickly as we could back to the wagon. We found Gill sitting on the wagon’s tailgate trying to pull the shaft from his shoulder.
“Where’s Lady Brianna?” Gill asked, a stricken look crossing his pale features.
“Gone,” I said, hopping out of the saddle.
“Gone? She’s.. dead?”
 “Don’t do that Corporal Gillian!” Ivy ordered, dismounting beside me.
Ivy hurried over to Gill and examined his wound. 
“Hold his arm, Jake,” she ordered.
“Coach took her Gill,” I said, and did as asked. 
Gill grimaced in pain, the scar across his face more pronounced.
“I assure you young lady, that the arrow will not kill me. Let me pull it out and we can get out of here.”
“It’s barbed corporal. It will do more damage if you pull it out, than if you push it through,” she whispered gently.
“Easy for you to say!” Gill said, attempting a laugh. “Just get the thing done.”
Ivy ripped Gill’s already torn tunic wider and placed a hand on the bloody skin surrounding the shaft. I felt a surge of magic and watched in amazement as Ivy’s hand began to glow brighter and brighter purple despite the midday sun. The glow transferred slowly from her hand to Gill’s skin and relief crossed his pale, scarred face. Bit by bit she pushed the shaft of the arrow through with her other hand. It slid easily through, as if his body was made of butter, the barbed arrowhead coming out of his upper back.
“Pull that slowly, Jake,” she said.
I grabbed just behind the wickedly barbed arrowhead and continued pulling the blood slick shaft at the same speed that Ivy had been pushing it. 
“Okay stop,” she ordered. “Come cut this side off. These feathers shouldn’t pass through, they’re disgusting.”
I pulled the Zil’Kris blade from my boot and cut the through shaft before the greasy brown feathers.
“Okay, pull it through,” Ivy said her eyes closed in concentration.
I swallowed deeply, and reached around drawing the arrow the rest of the way through Gill’s shoulder. 
“What the hell?” Carla whispered.
I watching in shocked amazement as the hole in Gill’s bloody shoulder slowly closed.
“Wow,… did that really just happen?” Toby said, limping over to get a better view.
Gill sighed, stretching his arm. 
“I’ve seen a healer work before, but it was nothing like that. It feels… like new.”
“It’s not, Gill,” Ivy smiled. “You’ll need to take it easy to let your body fully heal itself, there was only so much I could do.”
“I’m next,” Toby said, pulling himself up on the tailgate.
Ivy eyes grew wide. “No time! They’ll be here in minutes.”
“Who will be here?” Gill asked.
“The tribe,” I answered. “We need to get out of here!”
“Too late for that!” Carla shouted pointing.
I followed her arm down the wagon’s tracks through the grass and saw them. A large group of men on small horses rode towards us cautiously through the already trampled grasses. The first rank of riders held short horn bows drawn back, ready to shoot. I stepped in front of our group and drew Gwensorloth slowly. I didn’t think I could knock so many arrows out of the air, but it looked like I wasn’t going to have any choice but to try.
“No Jake!” Ivy said. “They aren’t going to attack unless provoked. They’re wondering how we managed to kill so many of the rebels. They’re anxious.”
“Rebels,” Gill growled. “I figured as much.”
As they approached, one of the tribesmen in front of their group shot an arrow through the back of a wounded attacker’s head, killing him instantly.
They stopped less than ten feet away, fanning out in a circle around the wagon. I slowly lowered the blade of my sword. There was virtually no way to tell them apart from the men who had attacked us, aside from a band of iridescent, deep blue feathers attached to their right bicep over the top of their camouflaged tunics. Their skin was intricately tattooed in rich earth tones where it showed on their hands and faces.
The man who shot the wounded foe gestured to three men who dismounted their ponies and started searching our attackers lying around the wagon, slicing open their throats. The wounded and the dead were treated no differently. When they had finished their grisly task, the leader spoke.
“I am Durmack of the Plains People. These were not our warriors, not of the People. They are mercenaries, clan-less rebels,” he said nodding at a body before him in the grass. “You did us honor by slaying them.”
Gill moved forward slowly holding his hands before him, palms upward.
“I am Gillian of the guard in Lockewood, and these are my friends. We apologize for leaving the road and trespassing on your lands. Our need was great, and we had little time to seek your permission,” he said bowing slightly at the waist.
“Does your need have to do with the army of dark elves massing at our border?” their leader asked.
“It does Durmack,” Gill replied.
Their leader placed his bow over his shoulder and the rest of the war party released the tension on their bows, but kept their arrows notched.
“My father has need of the magi. You will come with us,” he said.
Ivy stepped forward keeping her eyes down. “May I speak Durmack?” she asked submissively.
I could see Carla bristling at Ivy’s actions, but she had the sense not to say anything feminist.
Durmack regarded Ivy as one might a prized pig. “If you must,” he grimaced.
Ivy spoke softly not taking her eyes from the ground.
“The rebels plan on setting fire to the grass.” 
I felt a lance of anger that she felt she had to act this way to him. My protective instincts rose up, and I suddenly felt weakened, helpless. I hated the feeling worse because of how I felt about her despite what she’d done to me.
“They wouldn’t consider such a thing, woman! Even the rebels know what fire means to our lands,” Durmack spat as though it was beneath him to listen to her.
“She speaks the truth,” I said, trying to contain my anger. 
Durmack regarded me and laughed. “Even a mage can’t see into the heart of a man and know what he is planning. It is certainly beyond a mere woman.”
“She can,” I argued. “Perhaps if she read your mind you would be convinced of her words?”
The men around us muttered darkly, and a cloud passed over the leader’s eyes as he looked angrily at me. Gill sighed deeply and shook his head. 
“Do you suggest that your woman has power over me?” Durmack growled, his hand going to the handle of a saber at his waist.
Too late I realized what I’d done. I’d challenged him in such a way as to put his leadership on the line. I didn’t know how to extricate myself from the situation and tried to open myself to the intuition. Maybe thallium could help. A thought popped into my mind and I went with it.
“I didn’t mean to offend you, or challenge your authority in any way, and I certainly have no wish to slay you Durmack, you will be needed in the battle to come. But I know this woman. She is a very powerful mage and can, in fact, read a person’s thoughts. Maybe the truth of what she has told you can be divined by letting her read the thoughts of one of your trusted warriors.”
Durmack dismounted from his small horse and drew his saber. “I would not offend one of my warriors in such a way, and there is no need for you to worry about having my death on your hands, for I cannot be killed by one such as you.”
He started forward towards me, then stopped dead in his tracks, raising his head and sniffing the air. Other men in his war party inhaled the air too, obviously upset. Suddenly, I could smell it too.
“Fire!” Durmack growled furiously, sheathing his saber. “She speaks the truth. Quickly, bind their eyes and put them on their horses. Leave them their weapons for now. We must get back to camp ahead of the fire!”


Chp. 24


One of the Plainsmen held my reins and we took off on a nightmarish scramble over the plains away from the fire.  Somehow I was able to stay in the saddle blindfolded, as my horse cantered across the plain. I admit though, that I held onto the saddle horn the entire way. Fortunately, they let me get my own horse before they put the blindfold on, so the stirrups were the right length and helped carry some of my weight. It gave me the extra balance I needed to stay atop my horse. 
Subjected to near total darkness my other senses clicked into overdrive. The acrid smell of pungent smoke grew stronger, burning my throat and lungs, making me cough violently. The sound of men coughing and crying out to urge their mounts to greater speed mixed in with the loud crashing of horses and ponies plowing through the high grasses. My horse kicked into a gallop. Suddenly I heard loud popping and crackling noises, close by on my right. An unbearably intense heat assaulted me from the side. It was all I could do not to rip the blindfold away, but I had no doubt that had I done so, Durmack’s men would have killed me before I had a chance to defend myself.
Just when I thought I couldn’t take the heat a moment longer without actually catching fire, it started to fade.  I heard a pony scream over the top of all the noise behind me. It was followed closely by the howl of a man in mortal agony. I heard the twang of a bowstring, and the cries of suffering ended. Panic ripped through me.
“Gill! Toby!” I shouted praying it hadn’t been one of them.
“Here, Jake,” came Toby’s strained voice somewhere ahead of me. A leather-riding crop stung my cheek bringing tears to my eyes beneath the blindfold.
I heard another crack and Toby’s curse a moment later.
“Guess it’s my turn,” Gill shouted, from somewhere off to my right.
Another loud snap of leather against skin sounded. 
 
After what seemed like an hour, my horse slowed from the gallop back into a rapid canter. How long we stayed in the canter I have no idea. It is somehow next to impossible to tell how much time has gone by when you’re surrounded by darkness. It seemed like hours. I tried to rely on how tired my legs were, and how sore my butt was to determine time, but I guessed that was worthless as well.

My horse slowed to a stop so abruptly I almost lost my grip on the saddle horn and flew over my horse’s head. I could hear orders being given, then I was pulled out of the saddle, and one of Durmack’s men tore the cloth blindfold off of my head. My legs were slightly unsteady, but he helped me stay upright.
It was dusk and we were on the edge of a huge encampment. Hundreds, if not thousands of multicolored tents spread out before us. Men, veiled women with slender belts covered in bells, and children ran through the spaces between the tents in an orderly panic. Toby, Carla, Ivy and Gill were herded next to me. They seemed to be okay, but as disoriented as I was.
“Everyone okay?” Gill asked.
“A little singed, but okay,” Toby answered, putting a protective arm around Carla, who tried her best to take some of the weight off of Toby’s wounded leg. The broken shaft of the arrow still protruded out from his massive thigh.
“Here Carla, let me do that,” I said, gently moving her out of Toby’s embrace. “Gill take his other side.”
“To my father’s tent, quickly!” Durmack shouted. 
The war party spread out around us and we started off between the round canvas tents. The people that moved quickly out of our way were as brightly dressed as the tents. They stared at us momentarily as we moved through the noisy, bustling encampment. The smell of spices and food cooking all around us was overwhelming. My stomach growled. The smells reminded me of a Mid-Eastern restaurant my parents took me to in Santa Monica occasionally. I always had the spiced lamb.
I couldn’t believe how hungry I was. This whole thing was so crazy, so surreal. I was walking through a nomadic encampment on a different world, surrounded by hostile nomads, helping my best friend walk, who had an arrow sticking out of his leg, and I was thinking about food.
I had killed today. I had done it without mercy, without thought other than survival. The weight of it suddenly pressed down on me more heavily than I could bear. My legs suddenly felt weak, and I struggled to keep Toby upright.
“You okay, Jake?” Toby asked, trying to bear more of his weight on my side, grimacing with the effort.
I forced my legs to find the strength to support my friend.
“I killed people today, Tob,” I stammered, unwanted tears filling my eyes.
“You didn’t have any choice. We didn’t have a choice,” he said, quietly hanging his head.
“Still… we killed them and just left their bodies out there to rot in the sun,” I said my tears spilling down over my cheeks.
“They probably burned,” Toby choked. 
“The fact you both understand and care sets you apart my friends,” Gill said solemnly. “The true measure of a man is not whether he can kill, or how well he kills, but in how having to kill effects him.”

We stopped before a large, bright orange tent. Four warriors stood in front of it, scimitars crossed before their broad chests. They bowed briefly to Durmack and stepped aside.
As we entered the tent I was shocked. The interior of the tent was palatial… opulent. It reminded me of how an Arabian Sheik’s tent might look. Diaphanous rich brown and purple silks hung from a ceiling painted with shining golden stars. Luxurious pillows, large enough for two adults to sleep on littered the richly woven rugs covering the floor.
Durmack conducted us through the lavish tent past veiled, scantily clad serving women to a room separated from the main room by a thick wall of opaque glass beads. He parted the beads and led us over to what had to be the biggest bed I’d ever seen. 
A man lay amongst the rich velvet blankets and furs being cared for by two physicians dressed in white robes with iridescent blue sashes. They were binding the man’s forehead with white silk.
“Has he woken?” Durmack asked.
“No my lord, your father has not stirred,” said the older of the two physicians.
Durmack growled, shaking his fists at them. “Move aside imbeciles, I’ve brought a real healer.” Durmack said contemptuously, waving them away.
The white clad men scurried off the bed and stood to the side, their eyes cast downwards in deference to Durmack. 
“Heal him, women, and be quick about it. The winds will bring the fires here before nightfall, and there is much to prepare.” 
“I don’t think so Durmack, son of Windcaller,” Ivy said, lifting her chin and placing her hands on her hips. “Neither will I be a part of your harem.”
What the hell was she talking about, being a part of his harem? Then I realized she was reading his thoughts. Anger started welling up inside of me. That familiar sense of betrayal sent my heart racing. I made myself breathe.
Durmack looked at Ivy furiously. 
“You will do both, to disobey is to die!”
“I will do nothing for your father unless you concede to my wishes, and I will never be one of your wives,” Ivy responded factually, then glanced at me. “I belong to another.” 
Durmack turned red and looked at me, his hand once more going to the hilt of his saber. 
“Then I shall kill him, and you will be freed of that obligation.”
“You can’t kill him Durmack. He is an Immortal and wields a quail blade. To challenge him will mean your ruin,” Ivy spoke confidently. “You will never be allowed to lead the People of the Plains if you fall before an outsider.”
“Immortal?” Durmack said looking at me in shock, freeing his saber from its sheath. “He is one of the legends? This I doubt.”
“Make it quick, Jake,” Gill said, moving back to give us more room. “Don’t kill him if possible.”
“Aim low,” Carla whispered, loud enough for everyone to hear. “Free his wives of one of their responsibilities.”
“Carla!” Toby hissed warning.
I drew Gwensorloth shaking my head. 
“I’ve no wish to kill him,” I said to Gill, stepping forward.
Durmack gestured to his guards who cleared a space before the bed.
“Your next choice mighty Durmack is the most important one of your life.” Ivy said stepping back beside Gill. “If you cross swords with the Immortal, you will fall, and I will not help your father. Your people will be scattered in the war to come without a leader to guide them.”
Durmack growled, his saber shaking with his fury. He stood there, looking at me with more hatred than I’d thought was possible. I held Gwensorloth low, and waited.
Finally, he slammed his saber back into its sheath. 
“I only do this for my father and for my people,” he said spitting on the floor before me. “One day I will kill you, and take all that is yours, boy.”
I shrugged and replaced Gwensorloth in its sheath, profoundly relieved.
“Heal my father woman!” he shouted at Ivy.
“You will agree to escort us to Brighton and do what you can to slow the dark elves as they cross the plain into the pass,” she said looking him in the eye. “Swear it!”
“We will need every warrior we have to move our camp, before the fire arrives, I cannot spare even one man to escort you, much less do battle against the dark army,” Durmack fumed, vivid at Ivy’s demands.
“I will do what I can for your father, Durmack, then I will turn the fire,” Ivy said. “Do you agree?”
A slow smile spread over Durmack’s face. 
“Done woman. If you fail in either case you will become one of my wives willingly. Now see to my father!”
Ivy nodded and walked over to the bed. I watched helplessly as she crawled up on it and put her hands on the chieftain’s head. She closed her eyes grimacing in concentration. A light purple glow enveloped her hands and spread over the older man’s bearded face. A collective gasp went up from the room. His eyes fluttered open and his breathing eased. Ivy removed her hands.
“He’s thirsty, give him water, but not too much,” she said. It had only taken minutes, but she looked drained.
The white clothed physicians hurried forward and helped to prop their leader up so he could drink. Ivy pushed aside the pitcher held by the older of the two men and backed away off of the bed.
“Not from that pitcher!” Ivy said to the older of the two healers. “It’s poison. You’re poisoning him!”
The white robed man growled and threw the pitcher of water at Ivy. Drawing a dagger from his belt, he lifted the slender blade up over the prostrated chief. I was too far away to do anything but watch as the knife descended towards the leader’s bared chest. The other healer’s eyes went wide in disbelief, and he threw himself over his chieftain. The assassin’s blade sank deeply into the young physician’s back, all the way to the hilt.
Before the assassin could pull his blade out of the young man’s back, Durmack was atop of him wrestling him off the bed to the ground. The guards went into action joining Durmack as he subdued the cursing assassin.
The young mortally wounded doctor lifted himself off of the chief and collapsed next to him on the bed.
“Hurry, Jake!” Ivy shouted, jumping over the tangle of men on the floor. “Help me!”
I jumped onto the bed and scrambled over to where the young physician lay silent, the dagger sticking out of his back at an odd angle.
Ivy crawled around the chieftain and felt the young man’s neck for a pulse.
“He’s alive, barely,” she whispered. “Rip open his clothing around the wound, I have to touch his skin.”
I grabbed the cloth where the dagger had cut through and tore it open, wrenching his shirt in two. Ivy immediately placed her hands around the bloody wound, against the hilt. They started to glow purple.
“When I say so, pull out the knife,” she whispered, her beautiful face furrowed in concentration.
I nodded.
Her face grew more strained.
“Now, slowly!”
I gently pulled the knife free and tossed it to the side. I could hear a gurgling noise as the physician struggled to draw breath. 
“His lung is punctured, Ivy.” 
“I know Dear Heart,” she whispered, her voice barely audible.
The purple glow spread out from Ivy’s hands and into his skin, surrounding the sucking wound that was spewing frothing blood with every beat of the physician’s heart. The blood on his skin started to boil, then turned into steam and vanished. The hole abruptly closed, leaving a small white scar. Immediately, his breathing eased and he groaned.
Ivy continued pressing her hands against his back for a couple more minutes, then sat back clearly exhausted.
“He’ll live,” she whispered, the barest hint of a smile on her sweet lips.
“Amazing… Ivy, “ I stammered, trying to get a grip on what she’d just done. “You saved his life!”
“And mine as well child. Twice,” the chieftain said from beside us, pulling himself upright. “Perhaps you would like to be my wife?” 
I sighed, rolling my eyes.
He laid a hand on my arm smiling. “A joke, Immortal. I could use that water now.”
“Bring me fresh water, hurry!” Durmack shouted, coming to the chieftain’s side and embracing him. “You live father!”
“Thanks to her, my son.”
“I know father. I know.”
“That’s a mozgul dagger,” Gill said pointing at the blade I’d pulled from the young physicians back.
“So it is,” the chieftain said. “Take the traitor away.” 


We were moved to another tent quite a bit less opulent than the chieftain’s, but pretty big as tents go, and filled with huge comfortable pillows. Several barrel chested men stood guard before the tent flap, huge scimitars crossed before their chests. 
Ivy had crashed hard the moment we entered the room. Carla sat beside her running her fingers through Ivy’s curly blondish brown hair. Toby, Gill and I stood in the middle of the room.
“I’ve never seen or even heard of anyone so powerful in the healing arts. She is a prize beyond imagining to these plains barbarians and their country healers. They may not let her go,” Gill said.
“Let em try!” Toby said lifting his hammer from his belt.
“Easy there my gigantic friend, we are not to that point yet,” Gill laughed, reaching up and patting Toby’s shoulder affectionately.
“Then where are we?” I asked. “We should have a plan of some kind.”
Gill nodded. 
“There aren’t many options, to be honest, Jake. Escape will be nearly impossible without our horses. I tried to watch where the plainsmen took them, but I didn’t have much success, just a general direction. If we can somehow get them, we have a chance. If it comes to a fight, well… the timing will be crucial.”
“The fire!” Toby said.
“Exactly.” Gill agreed. “The confusion of the approaching fire could give us an opening. We’ll have to be ready to seize the opportunity when it comes.”
“I could challenge Durmack to a duel. Provide a distraction so you guys can get away,” I said
“Good one, Jake,” Toby said shaking his head. “This whole ball of wax is on you dude. What good will it do for us to get away without you? Besides, I’m not sure I can run very fast with this arrow in my thigh.”
I shrugged. 
“Every moment we stay here, the farther away McNally gets with Brianna. We’ve got to do something quickly. I don’t trust him.”
“We know where he’s taking Brianna. We’ll get her back, Jake,” Gill said. “If we get out of this, and get our horses back, we can reach Memron’s estate before them easily, even stopping in Brighton.”
“If they made it out of that fire that is,” Toby said.


Chp. 25

Durmack let himself in as we stood there discussing our options, and strode forward, joining the three of us in the center of the tent.
“My father suggests I apologize to you, Immortal,” he said his tone betraying his disgust. “He would know why you would have us attempt to delay the dark army, and take you to Brighton.” 
Gill nodded to me. How much should I tell him? I had no clue. My intuition suggested I say as little as possible. I know it sounds strange, but I wished I was tired enough to hear Thallium’s voice. I needed some help.
“We are on our way to the kingdom of the Blood Elves to capture a demon before it can release creatures of the underworld upon the Ceneria,” I said trying to sound confident. “Delaying their army will give the cities in Ceneria time to prepare for the attack, and maybe cause enough confusion so we can get past them. We need to meet up with two more of our party in Brighton before we continue on into the Blood Elves’s kingdom.”
Durmack grunted in acknowledgement. 
“Sounds like a suicide mission.”
“Perhaps,” Gill agreed.
“Can your woman really turn the fire?”
I shrugged. I had no idea. 
“To be honest with you Durmack, I had no idea she could heal until today. If she says she can do something, then my guess is she can.”
He nodded. 
“Let us hope it is so. I will have food brought to you. After you have eaten, we set out for the fire and see if she can do as she says.”

The food was spicy, but delicious. The scantily clad serving girls didn’t make it taste any worse. They sat down next to each of us with a large platter of steaming meats, salted nuts and fresh fruits.
I felt uncomfortable. The woman beside me might as well have been naked. The see-through silk top showed all that God had given her, and he’d been generous. She picked up food from the plate with her fingers and placed it in my mouth, smiling seductively behind her translucent veil. 
Carla and Ivy were offered the platters, but were forced to get the food for themselves. Carla rolled her eyes at Toby who was enjoying this as much as I was, though quite a bit more overtly.
“Don’t get used to it you big oaf,” she said to him between bites.
He grinned back at her.
 “What? I would never suggest that you serve me, Carls.”
“Better not,” she quipped back shooting him a disapproving frown.
“But we have to get you one of these outfits,” he laughed.
“That I could do,” she smiled back at him. “If you’re a good boy.”
“Then I swear from this moment on to be good,” Toby laughed, placing a hand over his heart, then changing it to an attempt at a boy scout’s salute.
We all laughed, but try as I might I couldn’t help but imagine Ivy wearing an outfit like that.


When we were full, the serving girls left with their platters. Not long after Ivy had drawn the arrow out of Toby’s leg and healed him, Durmack came back into the tent.
“Did my wives see to your needs?” he asked, looking at us each in turn.
We nodded. 
Holy crap! All of those women serving us were his wives? I was speechless. It was every guys fantasy to have a harem of women seeing to his every want or desire. Never did I think I’d actually see one in person.
The truth is, it might be every man’s fantasy, kind of like being with two girls at the same time, but it’s a short-term fantasy that is completely unrealistic and against everything we’re taught from the time we are little. Society tells us to find that one perfect girl, a soul mate to create a family and grow old with. We hear that message in church, in school, and from the media. It’s a part of what we hold as sacred. It is sacred because there is truth in it. Women aren’t objects, but equals.
I looked at Durmack and though a visceral part of me envied him, the deeper part of who I was rejected his life style and felt sorry for him.

We followed Durmack out of the tent into the relative darkness, where our horses stood waiting. I found my horse, and checked the cinch, then mounted. A warrior walked up to me and handed me my bow and quiver of arrows. I had assumed they had been left back were we’d been attacked. I thanked him and accepted both, slinging them over my back and attaching them in place so they wouldn’t get in the way while I rode.
Once we had all mounted, Durmack and ten of his warriors led us out of the encampment the way we’d come. The warriors fanned out around us as we hurried towards an immense red ruddiness on the horizon. 

It wasn’t long before I could see the flames shooting up into the air in the distance. Durmack slowed his mount to a walk and looked back at Ivy.
“The wind carries the flames faster than a man can run. How close do you need to be?” he asked. I noticed he didn’t say ‘woman’ this time. Perhaps that was his way of apologizing to her.
I could see Ivy take a deep breath, and sigh.
“This should be close enough,” she said stopping her mount.
We all stopped and sat there watching, as she dismounted and walked out in front of our group. Despite the bright red flames in the distance, I watched as Ivy’s normally light purple glow deepened. The surge of magic rushing into her sent a chill up my spine. She lifted one of her hands, the other held tightly to something hanging from her neck. The wind that had been blowing into our faces, carrying with it smoke and ashes slowly, eerily died. The warriors of the plain mumbled something under their breaths and made some intricate sign over their hearts. I guessed it was some strange superstitious gesture to ward off evil.
Ivy stood still, radiating purple energy, her hand still held above her head. I could feel her drawing and releasing magic, as a light zephyr blew past us towards the fire, then another. The zephyrs became gusts, until a steady, strong wind blew from behind us towards the fire.
Despite their superstitions, the warriors cheered. Durmack watched in awe, shaking his head. 
Ivy swayed slightly.
I jumped off my mount and ran to her, catching her as she collapsed. I lifted her in my arms. Where we touched skin to skin our auras combined and a soft white glow replaced the blue and purple. Her eyes opened and she looked up at me.
“I love you, Jake,” she whispered softly, then went limp in my arms.
Durmack, Toby, Gill and Carla were suddenly next to me.
“She lives?” Durmack asked his brow furrowed in concern.
Gill checked her pulse and cupped a hand before her mouth.
“She sleeps,” he said relieved.
“She can’t ride,” Carla whispered, “and we don’t have a wagon anymore.”
Durmack clapped me on the back grinning. 
“She can ride with her husband, I’ll show you this.”


Durmack instructed me to give Ivy to Toby and get onto my horse. I followed his instructions as though I was in a dream. She loved me? How could she love me and betray me? One was a lie, the other then, had to be the truth. Her admission was so pure, so simple, it couldn’t be the lie. Could love exist beside betrayal? If someone betrayed the one they loved to save them from themselves or for some greater good, was it still love? Maybe, but that hadn’t been the case. Had she really ever betrayed me? It was too confusing, so I put the questions in my mind aside and let myself bask in her profession.
Once I was in the saddle, Durmack had Toby hand her up to me, then he mounted his horse. Durmack and another warrior helped to arrange Ivy so that her and I were chest to chest, her legs over the top of mine, her arms around my neck. Then they took some braided leather and strapped her arms behind my back, and then tied a cinch from one of the horses around her waist and mine, pulling it tight. When they were finished they checked to make sure it was secure.
Durmack grinned and patted me on the back again.
“Normally, both partners are awake, and naked,” he winked. “This is how we marry on the plain.”
“Hey Carla?” said Toby. “Wanna try…”
“Another time big boy,” she interrupted him. “Besides, I don’t think I would need to be tied.”
Durmack regarded her. 
“Sometimes the woman isn’t willing. But they all come around after a long ride.”
I could see Carla bristling with anger.
“Save it Carls,” Toby said, laughing at his girlfriend’s anger. “You’ll never win this argument. We’ll come back after this is all over and you can help start a feminist movement, I promise.”


Ivy smelled so good. She was pressed so tightly against me that I could feel her every breath. I realized after a couple of minutes that I didn’t need my hand around her waist and grabbed the reins with both hands.
The wind continued to blow away from the encampment as everyone mounted back up.
“My deal with your woman stands, Immortal, if that is really what you are,” Durmack said to me. He gestured to two of the plainsmen nearby. “These warriors will escort you to Brighton. I must return to our encampment and marshal the people for war against the dark elves. This I promise you, they will pay dearly for making an attempt on my father’s life.”
“Good luck, Durmack.” 


I can’t describe the first part of my ride to Brighton, other than to say I was captivated. Ivy was so beautiful and holding her so closely stirred me deeply. Her incredible body pressing against me so tightly, her breath in the shallow of my neck and the occasional squirming to get even closer to me, blasted away all of my thoughts of betrayal. She was mine, if only until she woke up, and I relished every minute of it.
In the pre-dawn light, I felt her stir and looked down as we started to travel through farms and fields of crops awaiting the harvest. She snuggled even closer kissing my neck.
“Dear Heart,” she whispered.
“ You’re awake! Are you okay?” I asked despite the rush of adrenaline her kiss had caused.
“Mmmm yeah,” she purred.
“I can see the city, we should be there soon. Do you want to ride your own horse now?”
“No way,” she breathed in my ear snuggling in even closer. 
I didn’t argue.


Chp. 26

When we reached the outskirts of Brighton, our escort stopped. Two of the warriors untied Ivy and me, grinning ridiculously. They helped her get down and back on her own mount, then waved and turning around, rode away.

The wall surrounding Brighton was a strange mixture of wood, stones, metal, dark glass, and what appeared to be concrete. It wasn’t very tall by comparison to the great wall around Lockwood, but tall enough. We rode up to the gate were Gill announced he was a corporal of the guard in Lockewood. We were allowed to pass inside immediately.
The city of Brighton reflected the odd walls surrounding it. The buildings inside were constructed out of the same variety of materials used to create the wall. The styles of architecture used were more than just a contrast in building materials, they represented the five different kingdoms that shared the city. Being into architecture I found it odd, but taken as a whole it was beautiful. 
There were relatively few buildings constructed out of the dark glass, but the couple I saw as we traveled down the main street were oddly striking. They reminded me of elongated Hersey’s dark chocolate kisses. As we passed the first, Gill informed us that the Blood Elves had constructed it. I immediately saw it in a different light. He nodded seeing how all of our expressions changed.
“Brighton is technically a Cenerian city, but it was built by five different kingdoms: Ceneria, Alissia, Kri’Stin, Thunderhome, and Mozgul, the kingdom of the Blood Elves. It’s a truce city like all the larger cities in Ceneria and is ruled by a council of mages. The threat of banishment keeps the peace here as well,” he said.
“Why not just banish all the Blood elves from Ceneria then?” Carla asked. “I mean if the council is that powerful, then why not stop this invasion before it happens?”
I’d wondered the same thing myself.
Gill laughed quietly. 
“I wish the stones’ power extended to the whole country, but it doesn’t, Carla. They only hold power over the city’s that contain one of the treaty stone the arch mage Thallium created. He was the most powerful mage to rule the council in Ceneria’s history by the way. Perhaps if he were still alive such a thing could be done, but the current council cannot banish a whole nation from entering our borders, only from breaking the law in our cities.”
“So if one of them breaks a law in a city, the entire army would be cast out?” I asked.
“I don’t really know in all honesty. Rival kingdoms certainly believe that’s the case though, and no one in Ceneria advises them any differently. I was told that the stones were made for individual and group banishment only,” Gill shrugged. “I hope we don’t have to find out. Some people believe that if an army were divided into small groups, that only those groups could be banished. If that is true, then an army could attack a city if they had limitless numbers. We don’t know what the Blood Elf army’s numbers will be, but they certainly aren’t limitless.”
“What about the underworld horde the Demon will send against the cities then?” I asked, confused. “Won’t they be banished as a whole.”
“Unfortunately, the creatures of the underworld are individuals, holding no allegiance to each other. They can only be compelled, not commanded. The banishment would probably be one at a time.”
“Damn!” Toby grunted.
“The council has to review each case and decide if banishment is warranted too, which isn’t very practical in a war. Their time and energies would be better spent using magic against the invaders rather than sitting in chambers banishing one creature at a time. They may not be as powerful as Thallium was, but they are still a force to be reckoned with.”
It made sense now. That was why the Demon would release the underworld against the cities. The blood elves couldn’t directly attack a Cenerian city without help.
A thought occurred to me. 
“Gill, you said Lockewood had fallen before, didn’t that test the whole ‘army banishment’ theory?”
The guardsmen chuckled ruefully. 
“Civil war.” 
“Oh.” 


We passed an assortment of differently dressed people getting their shops ready to open, and walking, or riding on the street. Many of them waved as we passed. It was a very friendly city all in all, especially for being so early in the morning.
We stopped at an Inn built out of some kind of glossy redwood. The sign above proclaimed it to be the ‘Kri’Sco Blue Smoke Inn.’ 
“I’ve been here once before. It was a favorite of the mage I was guarding,” Gill said, dismounting.
Two dark haired teenagers close to my age rushed out as we stopped and offered to take our mounts to the Inn’s stables in back. Their accents reminded me of a beautiful Italian exchange student that had lived with Carla and her family last year. I’d had quite a crush on her, as did every other boy in school.
The rest of us got off our horses and made our way into the building as the teens led our horses off to the stables. The main room was large and built around a beautifully carved circular bar at its center. Several groups of guests sat at tables eating breakfast. The smell of food made my stomach growl loudly.
“Welcome!” said a large man with a shinny goatee coming around the bar to greet us. “Will you be breaking your fast with us my friends or do you require rooms?”
“Both I think,” Gill said, his wickedly scared face breaking into a smile.
“Excellent! How many rooms do you require?” he said smiling brightly.
Gill looked at us. 
“Four I believe.”
“Three,” Ivy said looking at Gill, then me.
I felt a flush surge through my body and my palms got sweaty. 
“Three?” I stammered.
“Well, we did just get married, Jake,” Ivy smiled, bumping me with her shoulder. I could hear Toby and Carla giggling.
“Three then,” Gill said, joining Toby and Carla’s enjoyment of my apoplexy.
“Eccellente!” the man smiled. “You celebrate your first night together, no?” he asked Ivy.
Ivy nodded blushing.
“We have special, special room for you! It is the best in all Brighton, let me be assuring you. You no find better in the great Inns of Kri’Stin itself!” he said, smiling proudly. “Let me show you rooms. Please to follow me.”
The large man pivoted putting an arm around Ivy’s shoulder, leading her through the bar area towards a hallway. 
“There isa plenty hot water, and robes in rooms. Please put on and come back as you will. My cleaner, she to work on your clothes. She sontuoso! Very good cleaner, no?”
“You have our thanks good Inn keep. We have been many days in these clothes and they are in sore need of a good cleaning,” Gill smiled.

My legs felt numb as I followed behind the Innkeeper holding Ivy tightly around her shoulder. Married? We were hardly married. How had she come up with that? Carla was to blame. She had to be. She and Ivy had ridden together the last few miles into Brighton. She must have told Ivy about the plains people’s marriage ritual, or whatever it was. I loved Carla like a sister, but God was she a pain in the ass.
“This room for you,” the innkeeper said, opening a door and gesturing to Gill, handing him the keys.
“Thank you,” Gill said. “Meet you all down in the main room in a few minutes. I’m going to wash up first.”
We continued down the hall and the welcoming Inn Keep opened another door handing the keys to Toby. 
“Enjoy,” he said with a slight bow at the waist.
“Oh I intend too,” Toby laughed.
“Your leg is still healing you big lug,” Carla said punching Toby softly in the arm.
The Innkeeper sang something under his breath as he turned from the couple and walked further down the hallway. Ivy and I followed him to a large pair of doors. Still humming to himself, the innkeeper put a key into the lock and opened one of the doors. Ivy and I followed him into the room.
“This suite for the marriage night. You like, no?”
“It’s perfect!” Ivy said, hugging me tightly from the side.
The room was perfect. It looked like what might come out of a contest held between designers. Shiny, smoothly glazed red beams held up a paneled ceiling made of the same beautiful red hued wood. The bed was large and held inside a solid wooden frame with four bulky wooden posts at the corners. The linens were dark blue as was a leather loveseat sitting by a large stone fireplace. Hand woven rugs of purple and gray were spread out across the hardwood flooring, matching the pillows on the bed, and loveseat. Several glazed pots, holding beautiful, delicate looking dry arrangements had been positioned around the room. 
“Enjoy!” the Innkeeper said, handing me the keys and closing the door behind him with a parting wink.
“Wow,” I said nervously. “This really is something.”
“Like I said, it’s perfect.”


All I could do was stand there, heart racing out of control. I stood there and tried to breathe. I was acutely aware of how incredibly beautiful Ivy was as she let go of my arm wandering over to the bed and bounced on the mattress looking around the room.
Was this really happening? I’d never been with a girl before, the barmaid had been my first serious kiss. Girls liked me. I’d been asked out many times over the last year. But they didn’t want me, they didn’t even know me, they wanted to go out with the starting quarterback on the football team. It wasn’t that I wasn’t good looking, or ugly for that matter. It had nothing to do with my looks at all, and even worse, it had nothing to do with who I really was.
It had taken me a few dates to figure it out. I went out with a girl named Laura Waller on a date. Laura was a senior who was really pretty, and had a body all the guys talked about, especially after her parents got her breast enhancement surgery. She had told everyone that they had given it to her as an early graduation present, just like she told everyone we were going out. Like my accepting a date with her meant we were permanently together. I didn’t even know if she had a middle name or not. 
She let me know over prime rib at Maria’s restaurant that I could do anything I wanted with her after dinner, and she had literally attacked me in the car on the way to the movie. She had pulled down her blouse and proudly showed me her new double D cup breasts. What kind of parent gave their daughter that kind of gift? What did they expect her to become anyhow? 
Well, I promptly had a major panic attack and passed out. She thought I had faked it. It was a major disaster. 
She told people about it at school the following Monday. If it weren’t for Carla and Ivy running interference and blaming it on food poisoning, I would have been branded gay for sure. It’s not that being gay is a bad thing, it just wasn’t my choice.
After that, I made excuses to avoid dating. But here I was with a girl that I’d known since forth grade, who I knew liked me for me, not because I was a popular high school quarterback. She didn’t like me because of my popularity, body, or looks. It scared me to death.
She stood up and smiled at me.
“Are you just going to stand there guarding the door, silly? Come on in. I’m going to get washed up,” she said pulling off her cloak and letting it drop to the floor as she walked to the door that led to the bathroom.
I couldn’t move. All I could think about was her body tightly pressed against me on our ride over the plains. Did she really think we were married?
“Jake, come look at this!” Ivy called from the bathroom. I thought about Laura Waller stripping in the front seat of my parent’s car and swallowed deeply. I forced myself into action and walked numbly over to the bathroom, eyes downcast, heart pounding in my chest.
I entered the bathroom and dared a look up. Relief and disappointment trickled through me. Ivy still had her clothes on. She smiled at me and pulled a lever on the wall. Water cascaded down from a shelf on one side of the large sunken tub.
“Isn’t that cool? It’s like showering under a waterfall,” she giggled.
I nodded.
“What’s wrong?” she said, letting the water run and coming over to where I stood.
I shrugged, looking away towards the sink.
“Jake, it’s okay to look at me you know.”
I looked into her eyes. God she was beautiful. I could see the love in her eyes as she smiled and put her arms around my neck.
“You are my destiny, Jake Gunn. Mother told me all about you before we ever met. She told me bedtime stories about the adventures we would share together and how our lives would be intertwined. About how we would fall in love.”
I couldn’t take it anymore and pulled away from her looking down once more.
“Doesn’t it bother you that destiny or fate seems to force all of our actions now? What about our choice? I don’t want to be Immortal, I don’t want to stay young and have to watch as you grow old and die, Ivy. Isn’t it our choice who we fall in love with?”
She stepped forward and put her arms around my neck again.
“Just because something is meant to be, doesn’t mean it isn’t our choices that make it happen. You love me, Jake, you always have. You were just missing the physical attraction part of the equation because of my wish. And no, I didn’t read your mind to find out. I just know,” she said as I recoiled.
“You have always cared for me, even when the people around you made fun of me. You stood by me, and accepted me for who I was. It was your acceptance that made my life, who I am… tolerable. I never asked to be a mage either, you know.”
“I know you didn’t Ivy,” I sighed. “This whole thing, this ‘adventure’ is so crazy. Being immortal? What the hell is that? How I feel when I look at you… fate?”
“You can look at it that way, Jake, or you can choose to look at it as the two of us making our fates.”
“Semantics,” I growled. “Either way I can’t choose to watch you grow old and die, Ivy. Toby, Carla… you saw Sir Nisbet. He died alone and lonely. He was desperate for it to end. How many women had he fallen in love with during his long life that he had to watch die?”
Tears filled her eyes, but she kept her grip around my neck. I couldn’t take seeing her cry and pulled her into my arms and held her tightly. She melted into me and sobbed.
“Oh Jake,” she cried.

How long we stayed that way I don’t know. My racing heart slowed and slowly my panic eased as we held each other. Finally, she pulled back and rising up on her tiptoes, kissed me warmly on the cheek.
“We’ll find a way to be together forever, Jake. I won’t leave you to face eternity alone.” 
She smiled coyly up at me and slowly took her arms from around my neck. Walking over to the huge sunken bath and the wall of water spilling down off of the shelf into it, she checked the temperature.
“I know this will probably sounds strange coming from me, Jake, but I want all the tradition that goes along with being in love with someone. I want to go to the prom, to be asked for my hand. I want to be engaged for awhile before I’m married,” she said, then added. “I want my father to give me away, not some nomad.”
I couldn’t help but laugh. Relief flooded through me. “I don’t think it counts unless you’re naked anyway.”
She stepped back from testing the water, giggling. 
“You’re probably right.”
“Your water’s getting cold,” I said.
“You’re probably right about that too, I’ll save the cold water for you,” she laughed, winking.
I smiled back at her and muttered as I left. 
“I’m going to need it if you hug me like that again.” 

I walked over to the bed and sat down. She wanted to get married to me someday, wanted me to ask her! I’d seen her heal and change the direction of the wind, but I still couldn’t get over how she’d managed to hide her beauty for so long.  Would I have been able to become such close friends with a girl so beautiful? I doubted it. I would have been too nervous. 
Maybe fate was a good thing. Why rebel against it, if fate was gifting me with someone as extraordinary as Ivy? Why fight it? The answer slammed up against my consciousness like a wave crashing against the breakwater. I didn’t like inevitability. 
I couldn’t stand it when a team gave up because they thought the outcome was a forgone conclusion. They made a choice to give up, and not fight against losing or what they considered was their fate. There was always a choice wasn’t there? I never accepted that something was out of reach, beyond control or couldn’t be changed. I had to know there was a reason to try. 
Looking back, wasn’t everything that happened fate? Was that how it worked? Was fate really only another way of explaining what happened in the past? Maybe fate was also self-fulfilling, because knowing you were destined to do something forced you to do it.
I shook my head as I sat there exhausted. This was a discussion Mr. Wrightwood, my English teacher, would have loved to sink his teeth into. He got a thrill out of challenging us in his Critical Thinking class. He encouraged argument, then forced us to switch sides and argue against our own opinions. It was infuriating at times, but I learned the lesson. You can only judge whether your opinions are correct, or form a better argument in support of your conclusions to an issue if you know the other side as well as you do your own. 
So what was the other side of this problem? Destiny, the inevitability of fate was not something to rebel against because it has already happened? Even arguing and rebelling against predetermined actions would be my fate then.
In my confirmation class at St. Mary’s the priest had told us the God was outside of time. That he was the alpha and omega, the beginning and the end. We had a lively discussion about it. I left class that night feeling a bit confused by it, but what I took away from it was that human beings were trapped in the flow of time while God was not. So he could look at any point in our lives, forward or backward, like a DVD player. It also meant that we had already been judged and were with him.
I had liked the idea of being fated to heaven. Why was I upset about being fated to Ivy? I realized my dilemma. I wanted the free will to choose what I did. I didn’t want to be a puppet expected to jump, or fall in love because it was my fate. I needed to choose.
There was a lot in life that I didn’t get to choose. I understood that. I didn’t get to choose this Immortality gig. It was thrust upon me without consent, without choice. What did it really mean though? If something, or someone didn’t kill me, I would live to see the sun expand during its death cycle, until it destroyed the world five billion years from now? Was that my fate?
I laughed at the ridiculousness of my train of thought, slinging my bow and quiver off my back. I took off my sword belt, setting Gwensorloth on the bed beside me. The question of fate was all a part of the mystery of life, and I wasn’t going to discover the answer to a question that had stumped the greatest minds in history. Plato, Socrates, DaVinci, Galileo, St. Augustine, St. Aguinas, Newton, Einstein and more had sought in their own ways to explain life’s mysteries and had failed to fully answer the unanswerable questions. Who was I to think I might find a solution?

Ivy emerged from the bathroom wearing a white robe, drying her hair.
“I tried to use all the hot water, but I don’t think I got it all, sorry,” she said, smiling at me slyly.
I felt my face flush a bit, but wasn’t hit with my usual anxiety. Surprised, I smiled back at her and walked around her to the bathroom.
“It’s okay, I don’t need to wash up. I’ll just splash some water on my face.”
“Oh yes you do, Dear Heart, I’m not sharing a bed with a smelly boy,” she giggled behind me.
Sharing a bed… geez.
I closed the door behind me and got undressed. The water felt amazing, I didn’t realize how tired I was.
“She really is something! I wish I could take her on as an apprentice,” said the voice quietly in my mind.
“You’re back,” I said aloud, forgetting. The warm water poured over my head but couldn’t drown out his quiet voice.
“I don’t ever leave, Jake.” Thallium’s essence laughed. “It’s part of the deal.”
“Things are so complicated,” I thought, then sighed aloud.
“Questions of the universe and fate always are my son. Don’t trouble yourself over them. Go with the flow as you young ones are so fond of saying.” 
I could feel the amusement in his words. 
“I will tell you this though, you are right about God being the master of time, and therefore, not being constrained by it, since it too, was part of his creation. Think of prophets as beings that can at times, poke their heads outside of the stream and view portions of the whole river. Not being God though, what they see is only a possibility, not a certainty, for the most part. Some prophets are better than others.”
“So Ivy’s mother didn’t see our fate?” I asked, both relieved and a little saddened.
“Mira Hlava is very talented. She is without peer at this moment in time. She may be right because she sees more of the river than most. Even though it guides us frequently, prophecy is seldom certain,” Thallium’s voice whispered in my head.
“Did Ivy manipulate my feelings Thallium? Did she make me love her?” I asked quietly dreading the answer.
“That is for you to discover, my boy, I’ll not be stepping boot into that quagmire. Besides you already know, you’re just afraid of the answer,” the voice said somberly.
“Great!” I said aloud.
“I am here to serve,” said the voice in my head, laughing as it faded away.

I turned off the water and dried using one of the fluffy white towels sitting on a brass bench beside the sunken tub, then put on a large robe hanging from the wall. Gathering my clothes I opened the door to find Ivy asleep on the bed, snuggled up in her robe. I stepped lightly into the room afraid that I might wake her and set my clothes next to hers by the door. 
I was so tired, after the hot shower I could barely stand. Without really thinking about it, I lay down next to Ivy on top of the soft bed to rest for a minute.


Chp. 27

When I woke up, Ivy was curled against me. Her slender hand was inside my robe resting on my stomach. She was still asleep, a satisfied smile on her angelic face. I looked at her hand and was suddenly aware of the muscles on my stomach. They somehow seemed larger and more defined. I had worked hard to get my six-pack. It was small, but there. Lying on the bed beside Ivy it seemed far more distinct. I carefully slid out of bed and got up, going to the bathroom without waking her. A piece of polished metal serving as a mirror was attached to the wall next to the sunken tub. I opened up my robe and looked in the mirror-like surface.
I was shocked. No wonder they had commented back at the Gilded Horn! I hadn’t been doing crunches or any traditional stomach work and yet my stomach was ripped! My chest too! I let the robe drop to the ground. This was crazy! Everything about me was bigger and more defined. I turned. Even my back was more muscular. It looked like I’d gained thirty pounds! I hadn’t been eating very well either. This part of the weird, strange world I decided quickly, I liked.
I pulled the robe back on and secured it the best I could. I went over to the sink and splashed some cold water in my face. I wondered what my bench would be now. At 6’2” 195 I had been able to bench three-hundred-and-fifteen pounds. Maybe I could get close to three-fifty, or four hundred. That would be a trip.

I made my way quietly back into the bedroom. The light coming in the windows had faded a little. I guessed that I had slept most of the day away. My stomach growled loudly and nearly covered up the light knock at the door. I walked over and opened it a crack. A rotund, middle-aged woman stood in the hallway holding our freshly cleaned clothes. She smiled at me and winked.
“Hope I’m not disturbing you.”
“No, we’re resting,” I said, realizing how bad it sounded as soon as I said it. I took the bundle of clothes from her flushing with embarrassment. 
She giggled and winked again. 
“We will be having a special Kri’Stin dish my husband learned from his father for supper tonight. It should be ready anytime. Your friends are already down in the main room. Shall I tell them you and your wife be joining them?”
I nodded, thanking her, and closed the door.

I got dressed quietly, then went over to the bed and gently rubbed Ivy’s shoulder. Her robe opened up slightly like a low cut top, showing a portion of her abundant cleavage. I couldn’t help but stare, Laura Waller had nothing on Ivy. I reached down and covered her up, when suddenly she stirred and stretched like a cat, her beautiful eyes looking up into mine. I stepped back.
“I was covering you up Ivy, I swear!” I stammered afraid she might have the wrong idea.
“I know silly boy. You’re a gentlemen Dear Heart,” she said smiling.
“Umm… dinner’s about ready,” I said, hoping beyond hope she wasn’t reading my mind.
“Then I better get dressed, hadn’t I,” Ivy laughed, winking.
“Your, your clothes are on the edge of the bed,” I said, rattled.
She grabbed her clothes and skipped into the bathroom closing the door behind her. 

One thing about Ivy, she never took more than 5 minutes to get ready and today was no exception. We walked down the hallway to the main area and over to join our friends. I avoided making eye contact with everyone as we sat down.
“Pleasant rest?” Gill asked.
“Quite. The bed was so comfy,” Ivy blushed.
“I bet,” Toby said, coughing.
“Big talker,” Carla said, sarcastically rolling her eyes. “He fell asleep in his clothes.”
“You guys crashed too?” I said, feeling a bit more comfortable now that Carla had put Toby in his place.
“At least I managed a shower first, if you could call it that. I turned a handle and water just poured out of a shelf like thing. It was amazing,” Carla said.
“I know!” Ivy agreed. “It was so relaxing, I didn’t even make it out of my robe into the bed.”
Carla started to agree, then a frown crossed her face. 
“I feel bad enjoying anything knowing Brianna is out there somewhere with Coach McNutty.”
“We need to find her,” I agreed.
“He has to get her to Memron’s Estate if he expects to be made a vampire by her father,” Toby added. “Jake and I can go get her, while you guys wait here for the others.”
“Head’em off at the pass cowboy?” Carla said, rolling her eyes. 
Toby’s eyes flash with anger momentarily.
“Something like that,” he said, patting the huge war hammer at his waist. We’d all seen what that could do.
Carla realized she had hurt Toby’s feelings and grabbed his arm.
“I’m sorry, babe. I’m just worried about Brianna.”
Gill cleared his throat politely interrupting. 
“While you guys were resting, I went out and visited the guard station. I learned quite a bit about this Lord Memron character, including where his castle is located,” Gill said.
“Castle?” Ivy asked.
“Indeed. It lies just on the other side of the border, five leagues inside Mozgul,” Gill said. “The good news is that it’s on the other side of Brighton from the plains, so they either have to go through the city or around it. I alerted the guard about the kidnapping. The captain of the guard assured me that if they travel through the city, they would be detained.”
“How close are we to the border Gill?” Toby asked his brow furrowed in concentration.
“Perhaps two leagues. I’ve never been to the border of Mozgul,” Gill answered. “The last time I was here we were bound for Alissia.”
“Seven leagues then to this Memron guy’s place. That is what… like twenty miles or so?”
“Twenty one.” Carla offered.
“Right, so twenty one miles from here to Memron’s, add to that, what, maybe another thirty five miles from where we lost her to here… so fifyty six miles or so altogether?” Toby said. 
 Gill nodded
“It’s a big city too. If they go around it that has to add at least another four miles to their trip to Memron’s,” Toby concluded sitting back a bit in his chair. 
“How many miles do you think they could cover on foot in a day?” I asked. “Twenty?”
Gill frowned. “I would say five leagues or… fifteen of your miles. Lady Brianna isn’t used to hiking. Plus they might be trying to avoid the rebels if your Coach wasn’t responsible for the attack on the plain. If he were, then the rebels may have given them mounts. They could already be at the castle.”
“He had to be responsible.” I insisted. Who else would it be? “Ivy said Brianna left with someone she knows. That excludes the rebels who attacked us, and she didn’t act like she had been to this land before. So that leaves Coach.” 
“You’re probably right,” Gill agreed.
“So it would take them three-and-a-half days to get there on foot… if they were on foot,” Toby said.
“He did it,” I growled, “which means he would have accounted for the fire the rebels set, so he was mounted. Brianna is probably at Memron’s castle by now.”
Gill shook his head frowning. “If that is the case, then we have other problems my friends. Memron is under banishment for crimes against Ceneria.”
“He was banished?” I choked, a feeling of dread coming over me. I had a sinking feeling that I knew why. “For what?”
“For murder. He’s a vampire,” Gill said.
“Holy crap!” Toby cursed.
“But why would her father send her to another vampire? It doesn’t make sense. He said he was wanted to get her away from the vampire council,” I wondered aloud.
“Oh no!” Carla nearly shouted. “Don’t you see? If Memron was banished from Ceneria for murder…”
It hit me like a ton of bricks.
“Then he’s not under the covenant,” I interrupted.
“Damn,” Toby cursed again.
“Her father sent her to the slaughter,” Carla said putting her head in her hands and sobbing. “Memron will turn her. She’ll be evil.” 
 “Either way, we have to stop it,” Toby said, slamming his fist down on the table.
Gill looked pained. “It may be too late.”

The jolly Innkeeper brought us dinner. Guilt reared its ugly head with every delicious bite that I took. I was too trusting. I should have been more aware. Coach had said that Memron’s estate was near the border to the kingdom of the Blood Elves. How did I not put the numbers together and come out with the right answer? I was so mired in my own fears and concerns that I had failed to question if Brianna should go to Memron’s. Because her father wanted it, I had just blindly assumed he knew what was best for his daughter. Had my failure cost me a friend? What else had I blindly accepted? And would it cost me Carla or Toby… or Ivy?
I was in a dark mood after eating, and made an excuse to take a walk in the city. I needed to be alone to try and make sense of the whole stupid mess. No one was happy about it, but I insisted. 

The street before the Inn wasn’t overly crowded, but there were quite a few more people on the street now than there had been when we’d arrived in the morning. A man on tall stilts caught my attention as he carefully walked past me, then paused to light a street lamp. I turned and headed in no specific direction. I didn’t care. I walked for hours down the stone cobbled streets of Brighton, past all manner of shops. 
I soon found out that night time didn’t signal the closing of the business day in Brighton, if anything, I noticed more people out on the street as darkness descended. Wandering merchants called out in a variety of languages advertising everything from food and beverages to clothing and weapons. Minstrels played for the people that walked by their corners. The more talented musicians and singers drew crowds I had to squeeze my way through to pass. Men and women walked together in groups laughing or as couples. There even seemed to be more children on the streets. Seeing them made me think of curfews, which brought my thoughts around to my parents. Thinking about them did nothing but depress me, so I put those thoughts out of my mind and tried to concentrate on the problem at hand, Brianna. I walked slowly from street to street unable to focus on a clear solution other than to will myself to wake up from this bizarre dream.

A blade mounted inside a stone display case within the glass window of a building caught my eye. I walked close to get a better look. The naked sword was cruelly fashioned like the blade I’d seen on Gill’s wall in his room back in Lockewood. It was scarred and dented and was displayed in such a way as to make it look more like a trophy than a weapon that was for sale. All around the case were displayed a variety of weapons, including a mace that had similar runes to the ones on Toby’s huge war hammer. I decided to go inside and have a look around, maybe ask about the runes since I wasn’t having any luck trying to solve my dilemma. 
As I entered I noticed there were several other customers in the shop, each of which was being helped by short, thick-bearded men. I wandered around the shop trying to get a better view of the salesmen. They were little taller than my waist, but powerfully built. Sudden recognition dawned on me… they were dwarves! 
I stood there staring at one of them in disbelief. Actual Dwarves! Tolkien had it right. His descriptions fit perfectly! It made me start wondering if he’d actually visited this world, when a gruff voice spoke from behind me.
“Quail blade eh? What are you doing in here? I have nothing that will compare to that.”
I turned around and regarded the speaker, pushing my cloak over the hilt of my blade. His hair was long and black, as were his braided beard and moustache. He regarded me sternly with eyes as dark as coal.
I shrugged and swallowed deeply. “I wanted to ask about the runes on the mace in the window,” I stammered.
“Did you now. What are they to you?”
I shrugged, attempting a smile. 
“My friend has a weapon with the same type of runes. Thought I might tell him something about them.”
“Does he now...” said the gruff dwarf crossing his massive arms in front of him. “Describe it.”
“It’s a big silver sledge hammer. The head has a huge mallet on one side that’s littered with those runes, there’s a curved spike on the other. Wooden half, wrapped in leather, about three feet long with a braided loop on the end,” I said.
“One of the copies probably,” the dwarf said, gruffly, scratching his chin beneath his long beard. “A lot were made after the ‘Battle for Deep Glade’. Would he consider selling it?”
“I doubt it, but you never know with Toby. If it’s a copy like you say, is it worth anything?” I asked.
“All that is crafted by the our hands is worth something young buck, and since they stopped trying to remake King Hammervil’s sledge several millennia ago, it’s probably worth quite a bit of gold as an antique alone, depending on the smith that crafted it.” 
“Remake it?” I asked, my curiosity getting the best of me.
“Don’t they teach young one’s any history these days?” The dwarf grumbled looking up at me angrily. 
I shrugged yet again, not knowing what to say. 
He sighed loudly shaking his bearded head. 
“I cannot in good conscience let a bearer of a Quail Blade to walk around ignorant of the history and craft that helped to create his sword.”
He turned away from me grumbling and shouted at one of the other dwarves. “Durnan! I’m taking this pup out for a lesson. Close up after the last customer.”
The dwarf nodded frowning.
“Follow me, youngin. Teaching causes thirst, and I’ll be needing a pint or two before I’m done with your lesson, I’ll warrant,” he said, then turned and headed for the door.
I stood there for moment shocked, but curiosity got the better of me and I followed the burly Dwarf out of the shop. 

The gruff dwarf’s short legs didn’t slow him down like I assumed they would, in fact, I had to walk quickly to keep up with him. The crowd had grown in the few minutes I had been in the store, but they parted before him as he walked purposefully down the street. He didn’t say a word to me and hardly recognized my presence other than to check every once in a while to see if I still followed him. 
After ten minutes or so, he turned abruptly and entered a stone building through a low iron door. I had to bend at the waist to get through the doorway. The inside of the pub was filled with vitriolic smoke and crowded with dwarves. Metal shields and a variety of weapons adorned dark stone walls. The noise level inside was incredible. Two competing songs battled for supremacy amid the crash of tankards hitting tabletops, deep-throated cursing, and drunken laughter. I immediately got the impression that dwarves didn’t do anything quietly, and apparently drinking required a great deal of noise. 
“Bring me a tankard of ale Misty, and one for the boy!” the dwarf yelled loudly, pushing his way through the crowd of his fellows. 
Thankfully, the ceiling wasn’t as low as the doorway. I could walk upright at least. I forced myself to breathe, following my instructor to be through the rowdy crowd as he shoved his way through to the other side of the room. The looks I received were as murderous as they were curious. I did my best to ignore them, but I found my heart hammering as I tried to keep up with him. 
When we finally made our way to the far side of the room, my host opened another short door and went inside. I took a deep breath trying to steel my frayed nerves and followed him in. 
The small room was completely empty except for a table in the center surrounded by four short stools. Sitting around the table were a group of animated dwarves throwing ivory dice and jeering at each other. As we entered, they stopped their game and stared at my companion, then me.
“Out, now!” the black-haired dwarf shouted.
To my amazement the dwarves clamored to their feet, bowed, and gathering their things, left without a word or a second glance. When we were alone the dwarf shut the door and pointed at a stool.
“Sit,” he ordered, taking a stool opposite the one he told me to sit in.
I sat down warily.
He pulled an ebony pipe from the pocket of his thick leather vest and began to stuff leaf inside of it. I became aware of the pipe in my pants for the first time since I’d left the Coaches farm outside of Brighton. Somehow, I knew it was important that I pull it out. I sighed inwardly wishing Thallium’s spirit could just talk to me instead of doing that. I reached into my pocket and pulled out Sir Nisbet’s ivory pipe setting it on the low oaken table in front of me. The dwarves thick, overgrown black eyebrows arched up in surprise and a crooked smile split his face.
“I thought so,” he grinned. “That’s some pipe, boy. Come by that in the same place you came by your blade?”
I took a deep breath. A sense of rightness battled with fear inside me.
“Not exactly, but they were both owned by the same person,” I said, pushing the pipe across the table towards him.
The dwarf sat back and laughed loudly slapping his leg in mirth. His laughter was contagious, but I fought the urge to join him. This was just another crazy example of fate. I tried not to throw up.
“The old bastard finally went and did it. Good for him I say,” laughed the dwarf. “What’s your name boy?”
“Jake Gunn,” I said, fighting my rising heart rate. All of this predestination crap was really starting to piss me off. Really piss me off!
“Well Jake, I knew the owner of that pipe, and your quail blade,” he said, his laughter trailing off. His eyes softened as he looked more closely at the pipe. “I called him friend. He shoulda been born a dwarf. I told em so. He always said he was too good looking to be a dwarf. Of all the nerve! I’ll miss him I will.”
The door to the room opened and a short, stout, dwarven women entered the room carrying a couple of large tankards sloshing over with foamy ale. She set the tankards on the table.
“Put it on my tab wench,” he said absently, slapping her loudly on the fanny.
To my surprise, she cuffed him soundly across the face. 
“Bronn, you may own this pub, but I’ll knock you out the next time you touch the goods,” she said with an offended, but loving smile on her face.
“Off with you Misty!” Bronn said, coming to his senses and smiling back at her.
When she had left and shut the door, he took a deep pull from his tankard and waved it in her direction, the ale’s foam stuck in his thick, black moustache. 
“Hard to get good help these days,” he laughed, wiping it away with his sleeve. “Where was I? Ahh, Sir James. I had barely turned one-hundred-and-fifty winters when my father died in a naval battle on the Borean Sea. Sir James brought him home and sung of my father’s deeds in Thunderhome, before King Hammervil and all of those gathered in Chamber of Glory. He did my family a great honor. I shall be forever indebted to him.”
Bronn seemed to sink back into himself, eyes growing bright with tears.
“Is there no place I can go to sing of your deeds, Sir James?” the dwarf  suddenly shouted, looking up at the stone ceiling.
I involuntarily flinched at his booming voice and took a sip from my tankard. The ale was incredibly bitter. With an effort, I swallowed the syrup-like liquid and nodded towards the pipe in front of him.
“You deserve that more than me then. He probably would have wanted you to have it anyway.” 
The burly dwarf grinned again.
“The rascal chose well I see.” 
He grimaced, reaching down and taking the pipe in his thick hands. He put his own pipe aside on the table and drew another wad of leaf from the pocket of his dense, leather vest. He packed the resin-covered leaves into Sir Nisbet’s pipe, struck a match against his leg and he drew on the pipe, sending a cloud of chocolate flavored smoke up into the rafters.
“Thank you lad.”
I nodded, not trusting my voice. Here I was sitting across the table from a burly dwarf, drinking a large wooden tankard of brew that burned my mouth and throat, talking about an immortal knight. How crazy was this? I could imagine Toby asking if he knew Bilbo or Frodo.
Bronn puffed on the pipe, his keen eyes regarding me. 
“How long boy?”
“Pardon me?” I stammered not knowing what he wanted. 
“When did the old coot give you your birthright?” Bronn said. “How long have ye been Immortal?”
I swallowed and took a deep breath. 
“He called it a birthright too, why?” I said praying my voice wouldn’t crack.
Bronn’s head tilted sideways. 
“Destiny lad. He oft said he was just holding it for another. Immortality didn’t sit well with him I’m afraid.”
I nodded understanding.
“Why me though?” I asked, hoping to finally get an answer.
Bronn laughed again. 
“Does it matter lad? It just is. Why do human’s need to know why everything is as it is? It’s a failing if you ask me. Makes your race weak.”
“It matters… it matters because it’s a pretty huge thing to put on somebody’s shoulders without their permission, thats why!” I retorted trying to stifle the anger rising inside of me. “He didn’t ask, didn’t really explain, just told me it was my birthright, and said I’d be lucky to live out the year.”
That started Bronn howling with laughter. It was infuriating. When he finally stopped laughing he took a deep drink from his tankard then took another pull on Sir Nisbet’s pipe.
“He really should ha been a dwarf,” Bronn said wiping his eyes. “No people skills at all. How long did you train with him before he gave you your birthright lad?”
“I didn’t train with him,” I said shaking my head. “I walked into a room at a party, he shook my hand, told me I was Immortal and said that it was my job to fight evil. Then… he just disappeared.”
“What? He din train you?” stammered the dwarf leaning forward over the table.
“No.”
“How long ago was this?” Bronn said intensely, his eyes boring through me.
I concentrated on my breathing and started counting back the nights: Three nights in the saddle on the plain, one at the Inn near the waterfall, another in the woods, one in Lockewood, and one in Coach’s farmhouse. It seemed like an eternity, but it had only been seven nights and seven days. So much had happened, in such a short time.
“A week, more or less,” I answered quietly. 
Again his overgrown, black eyebrows shot up in surprise.
“That’s it?” Bronn sputtered, spittle running down into his braided beard. “And no training?


Chp. 28

Bronn took a long pull on his pipe, then downed the rest of his tankard, not bothering to wipe the foam from his face. He raised his eyes once more towards the rafters and made a fist, shaking it at the ceiling.
“Tell me where you are storm crow, I’ll sing your deeds and then give you a good throttling. Putting this on me,” he shouted angrily.
“Putting what on you?” 
“Why your training boy. Have you nay been listening to anything I’ve said?” he growled.
I couldn’t believe what I was hearing. He wanted to train me? Train me for what? I concentrated even more on my breathing and willed myself to relax.
“I’m sorry, but I don’t have time for any training. Thanks for the offer all the same. I should be getting back to my...”
“That won’t do lad!” Bronn interrupted slamming his meaty fist down on the table. “No wonder he said you’d be dead within a year.” 
The barrel chested dwarf leaned back in his chair once more, his eyes burning with intensity. 
“What is so important that you’d refuse my training?”
I had the sudden urge to tell him everything, to come clean about the mission, and all that had led up to that moment in time, but I fought it, looking away from his forceful stare.
“As soon as some friend’s arrive in town, I have to leave,” I said, starting to get up.
“Sit!” he bellowed, his overgrown brow furrowing.
I stared at him, half off my stool, then sank back onto it reluctantly. 
“I’ll be coming with you on this adventure, I think. The shop and pub run themselves. We can begin your training on the road,” he said slamming his tankard down on the table as if his statement solved everything.
“Adventure?” I asked trying to hid my surprise.
“Aye human child. I have a nose for such things. Din try and deny it! Misty!” he roared.
“It’s probably a suicide mission so...”
“Aren’t they all,” he interrupted, smiling. “Now tell me about this sure death awaiting us.”

I felt trapped. I wasn’t a good enough liar to make something up, and the urge to tell him the truth was overwhelming. As soon as I made up my mind, that familiar sense of relief and accomplishment flooded me. Thallium’s spirit was obviously behind it.
So I told him everything, starting with Brianna’s party, all the way up until I had walked into his shop. He grimaced when I mentioned the elves, but other than that, sat quietly as I explained the whole thing. I left out the part about becoming a sword master and Thallium’s essence.
When I finished, Bronn clapped his hands and rubbed them together vigorously. He had a strange gleam in his eyes.
“Lesson one: The only good blood elf is a dead blood elf,” he laughed, and pounded the table with his fists. It shuttered under the blows.
Misty walked in. 
“Easy there, boss, here’s your beer.”
“About time,” he said smiling at her. “Hey Misty, you’re in charge. I got business elsewhere.”
She set two more tankards on the table and put her hands on her hips. “Business eh? I’ll need a raise then,” she said.
“Fine. While I’m gone you can have ten percent of the profits. If I’m not back in fifty years, the pub is yours,” he said tapping the ashes out of Sir Nisbet’s pipe onto the table and placing it in his vest pocket.
“Really!” Misty said, jumping onto Bronn’s lap and showering the stocky dwarf with kisses.
Bronn seemed to pretend he wasn’t enjoying it, but he really didn’t try to stop her. They discussed the new contract between them in more detail, then Misty left the room leaving us alone once more. Bronn drank his new tankard down and the others as well, then got to his feet and motioned for me to follow him. We left the room and pushed our way out of the crowded pub. 
I followed him back through the crowded street to his weapons shop in silence. I was going to have a lot of explaining to do. I was pretty sure the others would be okay with the newest addition to our quest, but it was going to require some explanation, and I wasn’t looking forward to that at all.
When we arrived at his shop the other dwarves acknowledged Bronn with a brief nod and quickly returned to their customers. I followed him down an aisle filled with a wide assortment of weapons and armor into the back of the store. We climbed some dusty stairs and entered an amazingly lavish office. I was in awe as I took in the room. 
A huge, ornately carved desk that had obviously been shortened to accommodate a dwarf sat in the center of the room. A small mountain of silver and gold ingots were stacked neatly on either end of the desk next to what looked like a large, leather-bound ledger. 
Bronn walked across a richly embroidered maroon rug to a bejeweled chest in the far corner of the room. I looked around incredulously at the wealth gathered before me. 
A mound of what looked like rubies sat on a gilded coffee table in front of a shortened brown leather couch. Nearby a dark wood table held a collection of diamonds sitting neatly atop a black velvet cloth. On the opposite side of the room, a military style cot sat propped against one wall beside paintings the old masters would have been proud of.
 “Aren’t you afraid someone will come in here and rob you?” I asked, in wonder.
Bronn laughed, opening up the chest.
“Steal from a dwarf?” he chortled, pulling out a shining mail hauberk. 
He set the gleaming ring mail on a chair near the chest and reached back into the highly wrought chest. 
“No one steals from a dwarf and lives long to tell of the deed.”
“Oh,” was all I could manage as Bronn pulled out a large, double sided battle-axe and set it on top of the mail. He continued rummaging around in the chest and retrieved some non-descript leather traveling clothes.
Shutting the chest, Bronn pulled off his leather vest and dawned the mail hauberk, then put the tan leather clothing on over the top. When he was finished dressing I couldn’t see the hauberk at all. Bronn then attached the battle-axe to his back and put on a thick leather belt that resembled Batman’s utility belt.
I smiled, imagining what Carla might say about it. At least it wasn’t a fanny pack.
“Okay then, let me write Durnan a quick note, and we’ll be off,” he said stepping behind the amazing desk.

We stopped in the main room of the shop, and Bronn spoke briefly with another dwarf whom I assumed was Durnan. I noticed the glances given Bronn by the other dwarves as Bronn and Durnan talked. Their eyebrows furrowed momentarily before they went back to selling their customers whatever it was they were shopping for. All the stories I’d heard about dwarves living for battle and glory came back to me, and I realized they were jealous. They could see Bronn was going off on an adventure of some kind and wished it were them.

We left Bronn’s weapons shop and made our way through the crowded streets past brightly dressed men and women, in various states of inebriation, back to the Inn. We didn’t talk at all on the way. I started to say something at one point and he put a finger to his lips. I wasn’t going to relay anything secret. I was just going to ask why people were out so late.
As I expected, the Kri’Sco Blue Smoke Inn was crowded. Even so, the noise inside the Inn was nothing compared to Bronn’s pub. There was even a little smoke floating lazily in the air, but it wasn’t like the acrid smog a room full of dwarves produced.
I looked around as we walked in towards the bar and saw Gill sitting in a corner facing the door. Sitting next to the guardsman was a hooded figure, doing his best to blend in with his surroundings. As Bronn and I drew closer I saw the man’s sword and recognized it as a partner to my own.
“Bronn, this is Corporal Gillian of the elite guard of Lockewood,” I said, as we stopped before the table. Gill stood up and made a bow placing his sword hand above his heart. “And this is…”
“The only one of his kind I’d go out drinking with,” Bronn interrupted, grabbing the hooded figure’s shoulder and giving him a shake.
“I see you’re still as wet behind the ears as when last I looked upon you Lord Hammervil,” Guldan smirked at the grinning dwarf. “Didn’t you learn from our last battle of wine that drinking isn’t quite your forte?”
“Wine!” Bronn spat vehemently, “A women’s drink. Only drinking such a deprived beverage could you and your pointed ears best me Guldan.”
“Your ignorance is as astounding now as ever it was,” Guldan said rolling his eyes.
“Hrmph!” Bronn grunted, sitting down in a chair.
“Are you joining our merry band?” Guldan said looking sidelong at the muscular dwarf.
“Lad needs training,” Bronn grunted.
“Indeed,” Guldan agreed. “He could do worse than you, dwarf, though he did best my brother and win the tourney in Lockewood.”
 “Did he now?” Bronn grunted, looking at me appraisingly. It didn’t look like he believed Guldan from the look he gave me. “There’s more to battle than mere swordplay with magic’d swords boy.”
I looked away from his stern gaze and sat down next to Gill.
 “You and Lathris on the same quest,” Bronn continued returning his gaze to the hooded elf lord. “When the boy told me about it, I wondered if he was daft.” 
 “Lathris will get over it someday,” Guldan sighed, as if bored by the whole conversation, then poured himself a drink of amber liquid from a flagon on the table. 
“Did you succeed? Where’s Lathris?” I asked Guldan impatiently. 
He looked at me as though I was nothing more than an irritating bug to be swatted away. 
“Of course we succeeded, child. As for Lathris, he’s probably through the pass by now on his way home. He took wound during pursuit of the Mozgul born. Some of his countrymen are returning with him to Lor Lorenith where he can take healing and recover.”
“How? You were only after two of them according to the boy,” Bronn grunted in disbelief.
“A lucky shot, took an arrow in the gut. Shouldn’t be fatal, besides he’s too righteous to die,” Guldan said, seemingly non-pulsed by the event. 
After an awkward silence Guldan sighed and then continued.
“We were just about to catch my old companions when they ran into a war band heading into the pass. They joined up with the other dark elves and made for the army forming along the border south of here.”
 “That’s why we didn’t see any blood elves on our way through the pass, Jake,” Gill whispered to me.
 “We pursued them out of the pass and onto the plain. We picked them off a few at a time with bows until we got them all.”
 “Well then, that’s a bit better than two on two,” Bronn grinned, stroking his beard. “I was beginning to think you’d lost a step or three.”
Guldan shrugged indifferently.
“Did you tell him about Brianna and Coach?” I whispered back to Gill. 
I was so far out of my element. Guldan and Bronn intimidated the crap out of me. The two of them knowing each other was another crazy fate thing that I found completely ridiculous. This whole trip just kept getting weirder and more bizarre to believe by the minute. I tried to imagine myself telling my parents about it. I’d be trying to explain it for months, then I’d be in therapy for years.
Gill nodded. 
“How do you two know each other?” I blurted.
Bronn laughed. 
“He doesn’t like the destiny part of questing.”
“Who does?” Guldan said rhetorically. “How long ago was it we killed the Maelstrom witches in Bavaria?”
Bronn started counting on his thick fingers like a first grader. Despite my growing anger at the lack of emotion being shown by Guldan about his brother’s injury, I couldn’t hold back a little grin.
“Five-score-and-ten by my reckoning, give or take a few years,” Bronn said.
“Pardon me Lord Hammervil, but are you a relation to King Hammervil?” Gill asked. I had been wondering the same thing.
“Relation?” Guldan suddenly laughed darkly, shaking his head. There was no joy in his laugh like there was in his brothers. Bronn gave him a threatening look. Guldan obviously didn’t care. “Relation you say? Why Corporal, this IS King Hammervil.”
“You’re an insufferable ass!” Bronn growled, grabbing Guldan’s decanter of golden liquid and emptying it down his throat, coating a large portion of his beard in the process.
“ THE king Hammervil?” Gill said incredulously. “From the Battle of Deep Glade?
“Indeed,” Guldan said as his taunting laughter died down. “Became one of the ten a short time before the attack as I recall.”
I closed my eyes for a second and took a deep breath.
“You’re an Immortal too? Why didn’t you say something?” I stammered.
“Would have, eventually,” Bronn growled. “If you didn’t figure it out in the mean time.”
“So… you gave up your kingdom, because you became one of the Immortals? It had nothing to do with losing your war hammer then,” Gill said aghast.
“No, Sir Nisbet took it when I was wounded before the gate. Helped me come up with the story.”
“Him singing about your father’s death,… that just a story you came up with too?” I asked, frustrated and feeling a bit used.
Bronn leaned towards me angrily. 
“Tread carefully lad, I’ll not have a young pup such as you speaking to me so.”
“Relax, Bronn,” Guldan snickered, dismissing me with a wave of his hand. “Think of short, hairy women, or whatever it is you do to calm down.”
Bronn turned his gaze back to the elf. 
“I knew there was a reason I haven’t missed you at all since we fought those Valkyries in Germania elf. Not only are you not particularly bright, you have horrible taste in women.” 
Bronn sighed, regarding me again, then continued. 
“My father was the eldest of the Immortals. Over nine thousand years old before he died, according to Sir Nisbet. He wasn’t the first, but he lived longer than any before him, or since his death for what it’s worth.”
He paused, still regarding me with his piercing glare. 
“So when I say Sir Nisbet sang of my father’s deeds in the Hall of Glory boy, I’m not talking a short ballad. He sang for three full days, without food, without rest. And I sat there on my throne until he finished. Nearly all of Thunderhome was there. My people came from far and wide such was my father’s legend, and the Imperial Council of mages, led by Thallium himself, joined us to pay tribute. It was as if the world itself listened to Sir James’ song.”
“That’s why Thallium was in Thunderhome!” Gill said in sudden understanding. “I always wondered why he was there. The legends don’t offer a good explanation.”
“All of the ten were there,” Guldan offered.
“So the attack wasn’t just on the dwarves, it was on ‘The Ten’ and the Imperial Council of mages!” Gill breathed.
“Precisely, it was a perfect time for an attack. In my supreme ignorance, I allowed all who wished to attend, to do so. There was only a light guard on duty when the Demon’s attack came. Thousand’s died because of my error,” Bronn growled. “I have a score to settle with this demon.”
“We all do Bronn,” Guldan said. “We all do.”
I sat there blown away by Bronn’s admission that he was an Immortal and a legendary King. Gill too seemed suddenly at a loss for words.
“Until now, we had no way to rid ourselves of this fallen angel. Hopefully, the stone will work.” Bronn said a strange gleam coming into his eyes. “I would look upon this ruby.” 
“Leave it to a dwarf to get moonstruck by a rock,” Guldan laughed.
Bronn shrugged.
“Back to the business at hand,” Guldan said leaning forward. Gill, Bronn and I leaned forward as well. “Corporal Gillian filled me in on what has happened since we last held council. Since he has alerted the guards, I see no reason to wait in Brighton past dawn. If Lady Brianna and this coach person enter the city they will be detained. They aren’t important to the quest as I see it; so let them remain detained until our return. We buy another wagon, unless King Hammervil here has one we can borrow, load it up with Alissian wine, and make our way to Grimhome.”
“Wonderful plan you pointy eared devil. Accept for the part about four humans and a dwarf getting past an army marching out of Mozgul,” Bronn grumbled.
“It’s not uncommon for Blood elves to own slaves, my short, swarthy friend,” Guldan said, a sinister smile twisting his handsome features.
Bronn grunted and shook his head. 
“Not again,” he sighed loudly.
“Just like Apropulus,” Guldan smiled cruelly.
“Quick-release manacles or no deal,” Bronn growled.
“Done.”
“So in this plan of yours we’re going to be chained up?” I said, exasperated. I didn’t like that Guldan and Bronn seemed to be taking over everything without consulting us, and it was frustrating that their history together allowed them to talk without me understanding what they were saying.
Guldan’s smile evaporated and he looked at me as if I was a mere child.
“Will I have to explain everything to you?” he sighed.
I felt my face flush with embarrassment and anger. My heart started pounding in my chest and my hands started to sweat. I knew I had to say something. It felt wrong to let him take over the mission. I took a deep breath and did my best to look straight into his patronizing eyes.
“If you want to be a part of this quest, then you will explain any plans you wish the group to consider. If not, you’re free to go,” I said, trying to keep my voice steady. “From what I’ve heard so far, your plan doesn’t take into account searching for Brianna at Memron’s castle.”
Guldan’s eyebrows shot up in surprise. 
Bronn laughed aloud. 
“Seems Sir Nisbet not only chose well, but grabbed a tiger by the tail.”
Guldan regarded the laughing dwarf, then turned his penetrating gaze back to me. I could see him thinking about what to say, then he nodded.
“I’m afraid human, that I’m not used to not being in charge…”
“I’ll say!” laughed the dwarf interrupting.
Guldan paused and took a deep breath. 
“I’ve lived for several millennia as has my furry friend here. Our combined experience should count for something.”
“It does.” I said, hating what I was about to say. “But according to a sage you are fated to fail, as are Bronn and the other seven Immortals.”
Guldan looked pained. “The Balshira prophecy? It’s mostly gibberish. Surely you don’t believe that…”
“I don’t know anything about prophecies, Guldan, I just know what I was told,” I interrupted.  “As much as I hate this whole fate business… the sage that told me has been right about everything so far.”
“And who is this sage who was able to make sense of the Balshira Prophecy young Immortal?” Guldan asked with a swirk.
“Mrs. Hlava,” I said reluctantly. “Mira Hlava.”
“Mira?” Bronn sputtered.
Guldan sat back in his chair for a moment as if this new information was worth contemplating.
I was blown away. I didn’t expect them to have a clue who Ivy’s mother was.
“She is much more than you know Jake,” Thallium’s voice whispered in the back on my mind.
“Thank God you’re back,” I thought, calm relief spreading out through my tired body. 
“Like I said, I never go away young one. You are doing well. Keep it up.”
“That does add a wrinkle does it not?” Guldan said to Bronn.
“I’ll say,” Bronn grunted.
“If anyone could make sense of it, it would be her,” Guldan sighed.
“Makes it pretty obvious then,” Bronn said smiling at me. “The lad’s in charge.”
“Indeed,” Guldan leaned forward whispering, “he has to decide, or whatever plans you or I make will fail.”
Great, I thought to myself. Now it’s all going to hinge on me again. Why the hell did I say anything? I should have just kept my mouth shut.
“Was that you pushing me to open my mouth?” 
“It didn’t take more than a nudge. It needed to happen, don’t worry.”
“Well then, here’s what I was planning,” Guldan said grimacing “Blood Elves often have slaves. They use a type of magic to enthrall the slaves to do their bidding. In essence, they take away the slaves free will. So my traveling with human thralls won’t be seen as abnormal, if anything, being able to control four humans at the same time will been seen as a sign of power. 
“The issue becomes having a dwarf as a slave. They cannot be ensorcelled, so Bronn here will have to be chained. Having a dwarf as a slave will be another signal to any blood elves we run into that I am not to be trifled with, they should leave us alone if we’re lucky.”
“Good plan so far.”
“What about Brianna?” I said nodding. “We can’t just leave her in Memron’s castle if she’s there.”
I could have sworn I saw Guldan’s eye softened momentarily when I’d said her name.
“Going to his castle is tantamount to suicide,” he said. “Our ruse will fail upon close inspection. We can’t endanger the quest for her.”
“If we can get close enough, maybe Ivy can tell if Lady Brianna is in the castle,” Gill offered.
“Your right Gill, maybe she can,” I agreed, my enthusiasm tempered by my disgust.
“What’s this?” Bronn asked surprised.
“Our friend can read minds,” I sighed. “She may be able to tell if Brianna is in the castle without going inside. I don’t know how close she has to be, but it’s worth a shot.”
“A mind reader in our group? I better start thinking about cute rabbits and pretty butterflies then,” Bronn laughed loudly. 
I couldn’t help but smile. I was going to tell him that she’d made a promise not to read their minds and thought better of it.
“Excellent choice!” said the voice.
Guldan’s brow furrowed. He didn’t seem to like what he’d just heard. He nodded slowly, then looked up at me.
“The road we will take passes near Memron’s castle. We shall get as close as is possible without endangering our mission. Agreed?” 
“Sounds good, what do you think, Gill?” I asked wanting to include him. He had been leading us up to this point and had done a great job.
“I agree, it’s as good a plan as any,” he said offering me a heartfelt smile.
“You have the makings of quite a leader Jake. I’m impressed.” Thallium said. “Better get some sleep though, Tomorrow should be interesting.”
“It’s settled then,” Bronn said, pushing back his chair and standing up. “I’ll go get the wagon and purchase the wine.”
Guldan stood and smiled down at the dwarf. 
“I’ll come with you, just make sure the manacles fit right.”
“What? Don’t you trust me?” Bronn grinned.
“Not where wine is involved, you have a weak stomach.”
Without looking at us they made their way through the crowd and out of the inn.
Gill and I stood after a few minutes and left the main room. As we walked towards our rooms, Gill looked around making sure no one could hear.
“I don’t know why, but I don’t trust the elf. He’s holding something back,” Gill whispered.
I nodded. 
“I have that feeling too, Gill.”
“Good boy!”

I opened the door to my room as quietly as I could and closed it behind me, looking down at my hands. They glowed blue in the darkness of the room. Turning towards the bed I saw Ivy’s soft purple glow and felt my pulse race slightly. I tried to be quiet, but there was no point thinking I could sneak anywhere glowing like I was.
“Come to bed Jake,” Ivy’s voice called out softly.
I took a deep breath and walked over the bed sitting on its edge.
“Surely, you don’t plan on coming to bed wearing your sword,” she giggled. 
I stood and unclasped the belt buckle, then took off my belt and leaned Gwensorloth against the wall nearby. I looked down at her. Her shimmering, purple aura lit her lovely features in the dark room. She smiled up at me from beneath the bedding, her wavy hair spread around her gorgeous face like a halo on the pillow. If at the moment she had told me that she was secretly an angel, I would have believed her. She was stunning.
I swallowed deeply wondering if she slept like I did most nights, naked as a jaybird. My heart hammered in my chest as I pulled my tunic top off over my head. I folded the tunic and set it down on the floor, then hesitated.
“What’s wrong, Dear Heart?” Ivy whispered up at me.
“Maybe I should sleep on the couch,” I said, looking away from her as rush after rush of adrenaline shot through my body.
“Nonsense Jake,” she said, holding her hand out to me. “You can remain a gentlemen, just come to bed and hold me for awhile.”
I turned back towards the bed, my heart threatening to beat its way out of my chest. Just hold her? As if that was going to be such an easy thing. I couldn’t get in bed with my pants and boots on, so I sat back down on the edge of the bed and took them off. I slid under the dark covers with my boxer briefs on and lay stiffly on my back, pulling up the covers. I tried unsuccessfully to control my ragged breathing, as Ivy scooted over and leaned into me, putting her head on my chest. My heart sped up even more if that was possible as the curves of her body pressed against me. Thank God she wasn’t naked. She had on some sort of slip, but she might as well have been naked, it was so sheer it could feel every detail of her body.
“It’s just me Jake,” she giggled, putting my arm around her shoulder so she could snuggle more tightly against me.
I took a deep breath and tried to settle my nerves. She was so soft and warm, and her hair smelled so good.
“Relax Dear Heart,” she whispered, the fingertips of her right hand rubbing lightly on my collarbone. 
“I’m trying,” I laughed nervously.
She started giggling and I felt the tension break inside of me like a damn on a river. My heart slowed down, and it became much easier to breathe.
“You couldn’t see my nightie could you?” Ivy asked, still giggling.
“No, I probably would have passed out if I did,” I admitted
“It says ‘Gunn’ and has your number on the back,” she whispered.
“Really?” I asked, shocked.
“Yup, Mom and I had it made when I found out what your number was. I’ve worn it every night since the beginning of the season,” Ivy breathed, snuggling closer. “That way I always felt you were with me when I went to bed.”
What does one say to something like that? 
“How about just enjoying the love of a beautiful woman who adores you Jake,” said the voice fading from my mind, before I could tell it to go away.
I thought about it for a minute or two as we lay there.
“Am I close?” I asked, trying to feel it with the hand she’d put around her shoulder.
“Uh huh, down a little bit,” she wiggled, trying to guide me hand. “There!” 
I could feel the embroidery and traced it with my fingers.
“Sure it’s not on the front?” I chuckled.
Ivy squirmed her ample front against my chest and side. 
“Maybe next season.” 


We talked for quite a while after that, mostly about life in Fairview. Even though thoughts of her incredible body pressing into mine were never far from my mind, I was able to relax and find comfort in holding her while we talked. It was intimate in a way I never expected, never dreamed of. 
It wasn’t too long after I felt her slip into sleep, that I said some prayers and gave in to sleep as well.

I woke up to Ivy’s fingers tracing the lines on my stomach. I opened my eyes and watched her for a moment as she looked at the defined ridges. She bit the side of her bottom lip in that coy, sexy way women sometimes did. I got the impression she liked my abs and felt my face turning red. I yawned deeply and stretched.
“Wake up sleepy head,” she smiled, snuggling against me and kissing my neck.
“What time is it?” I groaned, glad she was there.
“A hair past a freckle,” she laughed, rolling away from me to the other side of the bed and getting up. 
I looked over in time to see her before she disappeared inside the bathroom with her clothes on her arm and shut the door. Sure, enough my name and number where there in red against the white fabric that hung down to the middle of her waist. She had on matching white jockey-type underwear that fit tightly around an astonishing butt. Her lightly tanned legs were muscular without losing their shapeliness. 
I was blown away. How on earth could anyone not notice a figure like that, magic or no magic. I heard the water pouring down inside the bathroom and levered myself upright in bed. I felt embarrassed and at war with myself for the thoughts I had regarding Ivy. Could our friendship survive the things I found myself wanting to do with her?
The sun was barely up. I swung my legs out of bed and pulled my pants and boots on. The pants were tighter than usual, but the boots fit perfectly. I grabbed my tunic top and tried to pull it on over my head, but couldn’t. Somehow it had shrunk even more than the pants. 
I put on my sword belt and the buckle fit into the same slot it had before. Adjusting the belt I started wondering if the lady who did our clothes had somehow shrunk my tunic. 
Ivy came out of the bathroom looking a little shaken.
“Are you okay?” I asked worried.
“I’m okay,” she said hesitantly. “But you look upset. What’s wrong”
“The cleaning gal did something to my pants and tunic. The pants barely fit, and I can’t get the tunic on now.”
Ivy looked me up and down and whistled lightly. 
“Jake, you really are getting buff.”
I shrugged, looking down at myself. I didn’t feel any different, like heavier or slower. I knew I looked bigger in the copper mirror, but it wasn’t like I was a freak or anything.
“I mean…” Ivy bit her bottom lip as she walked towards me. “You have always had a great body Dear Heart. When you took off your shirt at Huntington Beach to go body surfing at the end of summer, all the girls had a fit. But now… I don’t know what to say…you’re bigger and more defined than I’ve ever seen you.
“Really?” I said
“Oh yeah,” she said, putting both her hands on my chest and looking up into my eyes smiling.
It was hard to concentrate with her smiling at me that way. 
“I… I think I’m going to need a new tunic, unless you want me to walk through Brighton like this,” I laughed nervously.
“I’ll go ask Gill.” Ivy said kissing my cheek. “Be right back.”

Once she left I went into the bathroom and looked at myself again. Was it possible I was bigger? I flexed one of my arms and stepped away from the mirror in shock. My biceps were quite a bit bigger, noticeably bigger than yesterday. My shoulders were bigger as well. My stomach was absolutely ripped. 
I started to panic. How could this be? I liked what I saw, but what if it didn’t stop? I turned around and looked at my back. There was no way people were going to believe I wasn’t on steroids, absolutely no way. How was I going to explain it to my parents? I shook my head. There was so much to explain, where was I going to start?
Someone knocked on the door. I went over and opened it, peering out. Gill stood there comfortably.
“Good morning Jake,” he said grinning at me. “What seems to be the problem?”
I opened the door and let him in.
“My tunic doesn’t fit me anymore,” I said uncomfortably.
“Really?” Gill said looking me over. “You are gaining weight, no doubt about it. Put it on and we’ll go get another one that fits better.”
“You don’t understand. I can’t even get it on.”
“Oh…” he said looking at me more closely.
“I’m not complaining Gill. But honestly, I haven’t been doing anything to gain muscle at all. If I were just getting fat, I wouldn’t be worried, but I’m not getting fat, just more muscular. I’m not lifting or loading carbs, in fact, most of the time I am hungry. Unless that food you’ve been giving us has something strange in it, there really isn’t an explanation,” I rambled, shaking my head.
Gill laughed. 
“Is that such a horrible problem, my friend? I’d call it a gift actually.
“What if…” 
Suddenly it hit me. The gifts! Was this one of the gifts that went along with Immortality? Sir Nisbet told me that the gifts were different for each person. He said I got to choose some and others just happened.
“What?” Gill asked, obviously confused by my stopping in the middle of a sentence. 
I didn’t know what to tell him.
“Can you get me another tunic please?” I asked.
He laughed again. 
“Of course, Jake. Give me the old one for a frame of reference.”
I walked over to where I’d set it and picked it up. I shrugged as I handed it to him. 
“Sorry Gill, this whole thing kinda has me jumpy.”
“If getting bigger and stronger equates to being jumpy. I hope I start getting a little jumpy as well,” he laughed, heading for the door. “I’ll be back in a bit. Ivy was worried about you. I’ll tell her it’s okay on my way out.”
“Thanks Gill,” I said, as he closed the door.

Toby walked in a few minutes later without knocking.
“Damn Jake-O, you are getting buff!” he said gawking at me. “Forget playing quarterback, you’ll be a linebacker soon. Hey you’re taller too.”
I groaned as he forced me to stand back to back with him.
“No doubt about it bud. You’ve gained an inch, maybe two!”
“It’s kind of scary Tob,” I said, walking over and sitting on the edge of the bed.
“Hell, if I had a six-pack like that you wouldn’t hear me complaining,” he chuckled. He must have seen the look on my face because his laughter died abruptly.
“What if it doesn’t stop, Tob. What if I just keep getting bigger and bigger until I’m like this gross body builder dude with no neck and no penis!” I complained. “I think this is one of those gifts Sir Nisbet spoke of. I just wonder whether I can stop it.”
“You mean those gifts you can choose or decline? Didn’t you tell me he said some gifts just happened? How can you tell the difference?” he said sitting next to me on the bed. “Hey… did you?”
“Did I what?” I asked, not knowing what he was talking about.
“You know,” he smiled lecherously. “You and Ivy…”
I punched him in the arm since Carla wasn’t around. 
“No, we didn’t.
“Ouch!” he grimaced. “I like it better when Carla does that.
I smiled, remembering lying with Ivy on the bed.
“Nothing happened that way, Toby. But honestly man, it was the best night of my life,” I sighed.
“Oh brother, you’re caught, hook, line and sinker,” he smiled slamming his beefy shoulder into mine. “Feels good, doesn’t it?”
I nodded.

Gill returned with another tunic top after an hour or so. I put it on and the three of us made our way out to the main room and joined Bronn and Guldan for breakfast.
“There’s not a Blood Elf to be found, I tell ya,” Bronn was saying to Guldan as we sat down.
“They’ve left all the cities so as not to risk a banishment of their army. A good tactic just in case the stones are powerful enough,” Guldan nodded.
“It means there are no spies either. Which works to our advantage,” Gill added.
Both Guldan and Bronn nodded acknowledging us.
“Mother mercy!” Bronn said, coming to his feet, staring slack-jawed at the hammer on Toby’s belt. “I’ll be a pimpled goose egg.”
“Bronn, Guldan, this is Toby,” I said, introducing them.
Bronn looked at me, furrowed his brow, then laughed looking at the huge hammer on Toby’s belt again. 
“The old bastard.”
“Pardon?” Toby said, offering the burly dwarf his hand.
Bronn reached across the table and shook Toby’s hand. 
“My apologies giant, some pieces of a very old puzzle just came together.”
“Nisbet?” Guldan smiled lazily as we sat down.
“It seems the old knight was a lot more cunning than I gave him credit for, and I gave him a lot of credit,” Bronn laughed.
“How so?”
“Remember when he took my sledge?” Bronn leaned back in his chair, his head shaking in mirth. “It hasn’t appeared in several millennia, and now, out of the blue, here it is on the belt of a giant human who is in the company of the lad he bequeathed his immortality too.”
Guldan chuckled. 
“That has Nisbet written all over it,” he said shaking his head wryly.
“Exactly, I feel his hand in this, the old schemer. He made plans upon plans. I wouldn’t be surprised if we weren’t involved in them for a millennia or more to come.”
I saw Toby look down at his hammer lovingly, then sigh. He unhooked the huge sledge from his belt and set it across the table before Bronn.
“Here ya go,” Toby said, trying to smile as he offered the weapon to Bronn.
Bronn smiled warmly and shook his head. 
“Nay giant, I wouldn’t ruin a plan of Sir Nisbet’s for all the gold in Thunderhome. It is yours now. Besides I’ve become rather fond of this axe o mine.”
Toby smiled back at the dwarf and retrieved the hammer, attaching it once more to his belt. 
“Now I’ve seen everything,” Guldan said sarcastically.
“What mean you by that remark?” Bronn said angrily.
“Nothing, it’s just you’re a bit possessive is all.”
Bronn growled. Guldan just laughed.
The girls came down a few minutes later and joined us. Gill introduced them to the Bronn and Guldan. Guldan stood and bowed formally to them, then left to see to our horses and the wagon. The Inn keep’s wife brought breakfast to us smiling brightly at Ivy and I. 

Chp. 29

“Ready to get back in the saddle, Tob?” I asked as we exited the Inn, having thanked the Innkeeper and his wife for our stay. Toby rolled his eyes and grunted.
A wagon filled with small casks sat on the road before the inn. It was slightly longer than Coach’s old wagon and was pulled by a team of four gray mules. I thought of our pack lost in the fire and suddenly it hit me. Ivy’s pack! It had been on the wagon too. I felt the color drain out of my face. The Cardinal Ruby had been in her pack. 
I left Toby’s side and hurried over to Ivy who was accepting her horse from a blushing groom.
“We’re screwed Ivy,” I whispered frantically.
She put a hand on my chest. 
“What’s wrong Dear Heart?” she whispered back.
“The stone. It’s gone! It was in your pack, in coach’s wagon.” I groaned. “Without it, this whole stupid thing is ruined!”
Ivy smiled up at me then ran her hand through my hair. 
“It’s in my pocket.”
Relief blossomed in my chest and I hugged her tightly.
“At some point you’re going to need it back, you know,” she smiled as I let her go.
“Mount up, let’s get going,” Guldan said from the back of a black horse, the hood of his black and red cape pulled low over his head.
Bronn released the brake on the wagon and started the mule team forward. The rest of us mounted our horses and followed.

Brighton wasn’t nearly as large a city as Lockewood, but it was still pretty big. After an hour or so we exited through the southern gate and put Brighton behind us. Guldan rode beside Bronn and the wagon, the rest of us followed behind.

As the sun rode up in the sky towards midday we stopped at a junction of three roads and ate some dried fruit and biscuits. We had long ago left the farms and orchards that had given way to the grasses of the plain. Bronn tapped one of the casks and offered us some of the sweet orange brandy we were transporting to Grimshome. The four of us declined, opting for water out of our canteens.
“Those two roads to the east, lead to kingdoms of Alissia, and Kri’Stin,” Gill said pointing. “This one, to Mozgul and Thunderhome.”
“Is Mozgul far?” Carla asked.
“No, this road travels west along its northern border,” Bronn offered, “Several roads intersect this one leading into their blighted kingdom.”
 “We will undoubtedly meet up with patrols before we reach their lands, so be ready,” Guldan interjected.
“Ready for what? I don’t even have a pocketknife. What am I suppose to do?” Carla complained.
“You could always cut them with sarcastic words, or a sharp comment,” Toby offered. 
“Very funny,” she grumbled. “I’m serious. Everyone else here has a purpose but me. She started pointing at us: Handsome guard, Immortal, Immortal, yet another Immortal, mage, big gay giant… and me, nothing.”
I couldn’t help laughing at the look Toby gave her. He could see she was upset though, so didn’t tease her back. Ivy reached out and took Carla’s hand.
“Mother said you were important, Carla, and mother is never wrong,” Ivy smiled.
“Bet your Dad loves that,” Toby said under his breath loud enough for us all to hear.
Ivy giggled. 
“He plays a lot of golf.”

When we finished eating Guldan called us together, and we gathered around him near the tailgate of the wagon.
“From here on, if you need to speak to me regard me as ‘mi lord’. Not that it matters, but I’ll likely be hating it as much as you do,” Guldan offered shaking his head slightly.
Bronn laughed. 
“It’s true, he will.”
“It’s a necessary component of our deception,” Guldan continued. “Mage, if we are stopped for whatever reason, I need you to be to my side and behind a few feet. Let me know what they are thinking if possible. Jake, you will act as champion if the need arises. A traveling blood elf merchant would have need of one.”
I nodded, hoping I wouldn’t have to fight anyone wielding one of those wicked blades.
“This is a different society you are entering. Power alone rules. If something can be taken, it usually is. A merchant traveling with a force of highly skilled warriors would be expected. The more powerful the merchant, the more powerful the force.” 
He pointed at Carla. 
“Carrying no weapon will mark her as a target, give her a blade.”
Without thinking about it I drew the Zil’kris out of my leather bootstrap and offered it to her.
“By the child!” Bronn nearly shouted stepping forward to see the blade more clearly. “What other wonders will you produce lad?”
I shrugged.
Guldan snickered. 
“Perfect! Wear that in the front where any who look upon you will see it. No one will dare to meet your eyes if they see that blade child. It marks you as one of the Viznara, the blood priests of the Mozgul. They are greatly feared by all but the king of the Dark Elves.”
Carla smiled and accepted the Zil’Kris from me, attaching it to the front of her chest with a leather thong.
“Demonic shape shifters I say!” spat Bronn. “They are an abomination.”
“That they are, and more I’m afraid,” Guldan agreed absently. “Looks like our party just got quite a bit stronger in any event. Remember, defer to me and don’t talk unless I give you leave to do so. Our ruse depends on it. Do you understand?”
We all nodded.
“Put on your hoods and pull them low,” he said, then smiled mockingly at Bronn. “It’s time my vertically-challenged friend. Let me help you with the chains.” He turned away from us and walked towards the back of the wagon. 
“I hate this part,” Bronn growled, following Guldan. “Always gotta chain the dwarf.”

We continued along the road for quite awhile before we saw anyone. As the road curved slowly to the west, the grasses grew shorter and shorter. Several hundred yards ahead another road intersected with the one we were traveling on. At that intersection a group of black clad riders sat upon their horses waiting for us.
Ivy rode forward as instructed and said something to Guldan I couldn’t make out. He nodded to her and she withdrew a bit more.
As we approach them their leader raised his hand signaling us to stop. His features were pale, but not as pale as Guldan’s. He was dressed entirely in black as were the others and wore five thick scars in a perfect row down his high cheekbones. 
“Xanshir mak pri?” he laughed evilly, joined by his men.
“A slow death at the hands of King Zildian is what you shall receive if you would have his wine I think,” Guldan said casually as if he were in a park getting ready for a picnic.
The blood elf’s sinister smile faded and he spat on the road beside his mount. “Common tongue? Grizith le ropanzi mobenus!”
“Funckra pij lajiliz,” Guldan answered slowly.
One of their group dismounted and walked towards us.
“Kill him quickly, Champion,” Guldan ordered indifferently.
What the hell? My breath caught in my throat. Just like that? Kill him? I knew I couldn’t hesitate. There was no time to argue or discuss it. I forced myself to take a breath and answered praying my voice wouldn’t crack.
“Yes, mi lord,” I said dismounting, hoping my hood was low enough that they couldn’t see the fear on my face. 
The blood elf walking towards us smiled and unsheathed a wicked looking serrated blade. I drew Gwensorloth out of its scabbard and walked around the wagon towards the elf. He was several inches shorter than me and was dressed in a similar fashion to Guldan. As we closed the distance between each other I thought about all the innocent people that would die because of the blood elf invasion, and a grim determination swept over me. 
Drawing closer, he suddenly sprinted forward and leapt at me swinging the nasty blade in a great arch towards my neck. Rather than give ground and attempt to parry the slashing blade, I stepped forward, and pivoted to the side, ducking beneath his whistling blade, slicing through the back of the elves’ knee with Gwensorloth. As he started to fall I knocked his blade out of the way, then flicked Gwensorloth across his neck. A curtain of red sprayed out of his severed jugular. He was dead before his body touched the road.
I stood over his body for a moment completely shocked at how easily it had been to take a life. A strong sense of urgency filled me and I realized I needed to keep in character.
“Mi lord?” I said, turning to bow before Guldan, awaiting his next order.
Guldan smiled at me as if I had swatted a pesky fly, then looked at the their leader shaking his head.
“Lajisna purti disma?” he drawled seeming more and more bored as he sat there. “Rizji?”
The leader bowed reluctantly, then ordered his men to move aside.
“Advance!” Guldan said to us and nodded to their leader, then started his horse forward.
Trying not to show how nervous I was, I cleaned Gwensorloth on the fallen elves chest, dragged the blood elves’ mutilated body off the road so the wagon could pass, then returned to my mount. Toby’s hands shook as much as mine did when he handed me my horse’s reins. I took a deep breath and mounted.

I kept my eyes lowered beneath my baggy hood and listened to my horse’s hooves clattering against the paving stones until we had past the war party and turned south onto the road leading into Mozgul. After we had put some distance between us and the blood elves guarding the road, I let my nerves go and drew some deep breaths, tears streaming down my face beneath my hood. I was shaken. The knowledge I’d gained made it so easy to take a life. I hated myself for it. Killing the blood elf was different than defending my friends against the plainsmen. This was more like a murder.
“Holy shit!” Toby whispered beside me. “You made that look frickin easy.”
“Not now, Tob.” 
Bronn turned around on his seat in the wagon. 
“Well done, lad,” he said offering me a wink then turning back towards the road ahead.
I nodded, accepting his praise, glad that no one could see the tears running down the cheeks beneath my hood. This wasn’t starting out very well. 
Guldan rode back next to the wagon, and Ivy returned to our group behind it.
She pulled alongside me.
“Are you okay, Jake?” she whispered, obviously shaken.
I nodded, though nothing could have been further from the truth.


Chp. 30

I kept to myself and avoided any conversations as we made our way deeper and deeper into Mozgul. The sun was beginning to set as we came upon a large encampment blocking the road ahead. Hundreds of tents lined either side of the road. I looked down at my hands and cursed silently. They were starting to glow. 
Ivy rode ahead next to Guldan as we approached. They talked briefly and Guldan pulled back his hood. I could make out a slight tinge of crimson surrounding him. He said something to Ivy and she pulled back her hood as well.
Several blood elves stood before us on the road ahead, behind wooden barriers blocking our way forward on the road. As we drew closer, they grouped together for a moment then moved the barricades aside bowing low toward Guldan.
Guldan didn’t acknowledge them as we neared. He continued forward and we followed. I pulled my hands inside my sleeves as we past them and leaned forward slightly so my hood hid my face completely. 
It was the tensest ten minutes of my life traveling down the road through the center of that camp. Blood elves sat in groups gambling, arguing, eating, and working. Any that looked up and saw Guldan bowed low and didn’t move until we were past. Once we were on the other side of the camp with the open road before us I allowed myself to breathe a little easier.

I watched from beneath my hood as Guldan’s crimson glow shone more brightly as dusk retreat to night. Ivy had replaced her hood, but I could see a purple glow shimmering around its edges as she rode with her back to me. Bronn sat hunched over on the seat in the wagon guiding the mule train. His thick hands cast a very light orange into the growing night. 
Guldan turned his horse. 
“There is a thicket of trees ahead to our right behind some large rocks. I suggest we make camp there. Merchants do not generally travel at night in Mozgul.”

The ground was firm enough for Bronn to guide the wagon behind the rocks without risk of getting stuck. It was a perfect place to hole up for the night. I dismounted and walked off into the trees to relieve myself.
I understood now, the vacant stares of the battle weary I’d seen on the history channel. Psychologist sometimes called it post traumatic stress syndrome.  We weren’t meant to kill, to take life, to inflict or witness the atrocities brought on by war. It was never a part of God’s plan; it couldn’t have been. The punishment for abandoning the sanctity of creation was an infinite sadness too unbearable to contemplate to which the vacant numbness was a relief.
I walked back to where the others were setting up a fireless camp, laying out their bedrolls in a rough circle. I went to where Gill had tethered our horses and retrieved my bedroll from my horse.
I didn’t have a choice to be merciful. I had been forced to be direct and kill the blood elf in such a way as to provide an example, and I had been horrifyingly direct. It was more of an execution than a fight. I knew I didn’t have time to contemplate what I’d done, there was so much more to do. I wanted to ask for God’s forgiveness, but couldn’t, because it was likely to happen again. How could I be given absolution for a sin I planned on committing again?
I sat down after laying out a bedroll on the edge of the other bedrolls near an overhanging rock. I kept my hood down over my face and listened as Bronn spoke. Ivy came over and sat beside me leaning her head against my shoulder. I felt dirty and not worthy of her attention, but welcomed it anyway.
“Lord Memron’s castle is less than three leagues away, as the crow flies. It was called Hinathari in the elder days, back when this was Zanthia, the kingdom of the fairy born. My Da told me tales of the fairy when I was a pup. He said Hinathari was beautiful beyond words but its entire splendor paled beside the beauty of its queen, Illithril. He said that to look upon her was to know the beauty of angels. He couldn’t speak of her without spilling tears.
“I’ve long wondered if the fairy folk will return when the Demon is no more. I would look upon fair Illithril before I leave this world for the halls of my forefathers.”
“Why would capturing this demon bring about the return of fairies?” asked Carla.
Gulden cleared his throat.
“When the demon was arrogantly, though mistakenly brought into this world by Thallium, the fairy folk used all of their magic to keep the demon’s physical presence from being fully brought forth from the nether,” Guldan said, his voice filled with emotion. “Because of their sacrifice, the demon is trapped within the veil separating the mortal worlds from hell. Bereft of their magic, the fairy folk left this world and haven’t been seen, but occasionally, for the last five millennia.
 “Unfortunately, the Demon will soon have enough power to break through the fairies binding and enter the world directly.”
“Game over?” Toby asked.
Bronn chuckled. 
“That’s one way of saying it. Once one of the fallen enters physically, the rest will eventually follow through the rift it creates and Armageddon begins.”
“Holy Crap!” Toby cursed.
“You mean this Thallium guy almost brought on the apocalypse?” Carla asked.
“That still might be his legacy,” Guldan said, lying back on his bedroll.  


Gill took the first watch, which ended up being the only watch of the night. He winked at me as Bronn chewed him out for not waking any of us. We ate some kind of dried fruit that oddly enough, satisfied my thirst. There was also smoked sausages, along with biscuits that were somewhat hard but very filling despite their small size.
I pulled my weathered hood down low over my face as I listened to the creaking of the heavily laden wagon and the sound of horse’s hooves striking the dirt covered paving stones. I’d gone to bed in a dark mood, and despite the incredibly beautiful, startlingly vivid dreams about fanciful fairies, I woke much the same way. 
Fortunately everyone left me alone as the sun came over the horizon and the morning progressed into day. The groves of Aspen-like trees we passed grew more expansive as we continued up the road into Mozgul. Several dark-clad riders galloped past us heading towards the direction we’d come from, but none stopped, or even acknowledged our party in any way. 
Ivy’s loud sigh drew my attention and I lifted my bent head and watched as she rode up to Guldan. The road we traveled had entered an especially large grove of trees. Up ahead it curved to the left disappearing around a large, wooded hill. She talked with him briefly then returned.
“There is a large encampment on the other side of that hill. Guldan says to be sharp and keep our hoods pulled down low,” she said. “He wants you and me up front, Jake. We are to stay behind him to either side.”
Everyone pulled his or her hoods lower. Ivy and I rode around the wagon. Bronn raised his eyebrows and then winked as we rode past. Guldan turned slightly in his saddle and acknowledged us briefly.
“You’re likely to be tested again, Master Gunn. In the daylight, Blood Elves don’t recognize anyone as a lord. That includes me. Most of the Lords in Mozgul are vampires who don’t come out during the daytime, not being of the covenant. Are you ready?”
I sighed. 
“Yeah.”
“Good, do everything the same as yesterday. You’ll be able to understand what I’m saying, so follow any order I give without hesitation,” Guldan whispered.
“How will he understand?” Ivy asked in a forced whisper.
“With this many Blood Elves gathered in the same place they will all be speaking Common because of the vastly different dialects spoken in Mozgul. Yesterday was a fluke. They were all from the same city and spoke in the dialect favored by that region.”

As we rounded the tree-covered hill and exited the thick grove of trees, I could see the castle soaring above several low hills in the distance. It reminded me of the Bavarian castles in Germany that I’d seen pictures of in history class. That isn’t what gathered my attention though. At the base of the hills an army was camped. Black tents filled the valley before us. It would have taken all day to count their number. The roadway turned slowly right along the edge of the tent camp continuing on into a forest of blackened trees stripped bare by a fire that had long ago burned out.
“Steady now,” Guldan said, as we headed towards the huge encampment.
“I thought the army was already on the border, ready to attack Ceneria,” I whispered.
“It is,” Guldan replied softly. “This is one division at most, probably tasked with protecting the supply swains for the army. It will be a long supply line; their forces will be spread thin covering its full length.”  
Despite the warm morning and my anxiety, a cold shiver ran down my spine as the realization of just how big this war was going to be crashed down on me. With that big a force protecting the supplies, the main force had to be enormous.

As we neared the vast encampment a large group of black clad riders wheeled around the left side of tent city and sped towards us.
“Steady,” Guldan repeated.
An overwhelming desire to turn my horse and flee swept through me. The riders whooped and hollered words I couldn’t understand as they flew towards us over the low grass.
“Halt!” Guldan ordered, lifting his hand casually in a fist.
The riders didn’t slow until the last minute, their horses stamping nervously and breathing loudly as they closed a circle around us.
I kept my head down and remained facing forward.
“Dismount, your goods, horses and weapons are forfeit,” said one of the dark-haired blood elves near Guldan.
Guldan started laughing. I ignored the sweat dripping off of my forehead into my right eye.
“Now!” the blood elf next to the leader ordered.
Guldan continued to laugh and motioned back at me with a casual flick of his wrist. Not again. I took a deep breath and dismounted from my horse handing the reins to Ivy. I shouldn’t have looked up into her face, but I did. She couldn’t hide how worried and frightened she was.
I walked before Guldan and unsheathed my sword trying to appear as relaxed as possible. I let the tip touch the road and waited, adrenaline pumping through me, every nerve in my body on edge.
Laughter slowly spread through the blood elves surrounding us. 
“A challenge?” said the first blood elf with a sneer. “Excellent, some entertainment! Whoever kills this merchant’s champion gets his horse and a cask of that wine for himself.”
Almost all of the elves encircling us shouted out volunteering. The leader nodded at an elf to his left. Groans of disappointment and curses echoed from those not picked. The selected blood elf dismounted and walked forward facing me.
“I will enjoy riding your horse,” the Blood elf taunted, drawing his sword.
I didn’t move or acknowledge him in any way. I stood waiting and regarded him from beneath my hood, right eye stinging with sweat. I watched his movements carefully. I saw him settle into a stance and knew instinctively that he would lunge any second. “Quick, decisive,” I thought, preparing mentally. He lifted his sword towards my stomach. I watched his feet tense and his weight shift onto his back foot. 
The elf’s lunge had the speed of a viper strike, but found only air as I slid to his right and forward, then spun, extending my sword arm. I felt Gwensorloth bite and relaxed stepping back once more to where I had been standing a second before, sword tip once more touching the ground before me.
The blood elves lifeless body thudded onto the road and a moment later his head followed, rolling over beside my leather boot. Gasps of surprise and anger spread through the blood elves surrounding us.
Guldan started laughing once more. I stood still, horrified by what I’d just done so casually, so easily. It was even worse than the murder I’d committed yesterday, though it was perhaps a cleaner kill if the surprised look etched on the dead elf’s face was any indication. I wanted to scream as a thunderous wave of adrenaline surged through me, sending my heart beating out of control. I tried to breathe through it and concentrated on the tip of my sword lightly touching the pavement and not on the elf’s severed head. Gwensorloth was clean, even if my soul was not. Guldan’s laughter continued for a few moments.
“That was rather pathetic, not much sport at all I’m afraid. Perhaps you would have better luck against my dwarf. Anyone care to test him?” Guldan asked sarcastically. 
Shouts of impudent anger erupted all around us, but none of the furious blood elves got off their horses and took up the challenge. Guldan waited a moment then laughed. 
“No? Then move this piece of offal out of my way! I don’t want to stain my wagon wheels with his weak blood.” 
None of the blood elves moved.
“Dwarf, clear the road,” Guldan said shrugging.
“As you wish, mi lord,” Bronn grumbled.
I heard Bronn’s chains rustle in the wagon behind me as I fought to maintain my anxiety breathing. He got down and came over to my side, kicking the head lying beside my foot off the road like a soccer ball. This brought another round of shouts from the elves surrounding us. Bending over, he grabbed the dead blood elf’s tunic with both hands and tossed the body off the road like a rag doll. He turned around without saying anything, made his way back to the wagon, chains rattling and clinking and climbed up into the seat. 
Seeing Bronn’s feet of strength, I was shocked out of my anxiety, forgetting about my racing heart.
“Did you not think King Zildian would send the best to retrieve his sweet wine?” Guldan laughed, slapping his thighs with mirth, then gestured at the leader to clear the road.
This brought a few gasps, and even though my hood was pulled low I could see the two that led this group looking a bit shocked at Guldan’s words. One of the dark-haired blood elves, the one Guldan pointed at who had done most of the talking, nodded his head reluctantly, obviously displeased he wouldn’t be getting any spoils.
“Give me your name, that I may tell my Captain who I allowed to pass?” he said, leaning forward as if to gain a better look beneath Guldan’s hood.
“Best my champion, and I will tell you,” Guldan responded. “One last time, move aside or I will count your life forfeit and have my priestess sacrifice your heart on this very road.”
I could see the blood elf’s resolve fail as he looked at Carla, his hands were clenched, but he had decided. I guessed it would go badly for him with his captain, regardless of explanation.
“Be on your way then,” the blood elf finally said, gesturing for other elves to clear a path to allow Bronn’s wagon forward. The blood elves blocking our way, moved to the side their eyes filled with undisguised hatred.
Guldan nodded. 
“Wise decision. You may keep your comrades’ horse, though it is mine by right, to remind you of your choice this day,” he said with an edge of sarcasm in his voice and then nodded to me. 
I sheathed Gwensorloth and turned, walking back to my horse. I didn’t look at Ivy as I gathered the horse’s reins and swung back into the saddle. Guldan gestured again and we started forward.

No one else bothered us as we continued along the road on the outskirts of the dark-draped encampment and made our way into the burnt out forest. Very few of the blood elves in the massive camp even looked at us as we passed by. I had an eerie sense that something was wrong. I couldn’t put my finger on what it was, but something seemed out of place. As soon as the camp was out of sight Guldan stopped and turned in the saddle and looked at Bronn.
“That was way too easy,” he said pulling back his hood as he regarded the dwarf.
“I agree. What Blood elf would pass up a chance at fighting a dwarf, even if he knew he’d die trying?” Bronn grumbled.
“Precisely why I suggested it. I needed to be sure,” Guldan nodded. “Their leader picked the worst fighter as well, see the others rolling their eyes when he was picked?”
“I thought as much,” Bronn agreed. “Both fights, the one at the crossroads, and this last one, were more sacrifice than duel. Only an idiot gambles his life in such a manner.”
“Or a volunteer,” Guldan said, his dark eyes narrowing. “Given the amount of wine we are carrying, and the quality of our horses, there should have been a dozen or more challenges before we were able to pass through that camp. We had just one, and a poor one at that.”
“Are you saying Jake’s fights were fixed?” Toby asked, breaking into their conversation. His voice did little to conceal his disbelief. Guldan turned his attention to my friend. 
“Yesterday’s fight planted the seed in my mind, giant, and today’s fight watered it,” Guldan said nodding.
“Wonderful,” Toby sighed. “So what does that mean? Why send someone to his death like that? It doesn’t make sense. With the army sitting in that camp, they could have captured us easily. Why all deception? Why let us by?”
“I wonder...” Guldan said, a look of worry on his pale, handsome face.
“If what you’re saying is true, and we’re being set up, then …” Carla said. “They’ve been planning this for awhile.”
Bronn grunted loudly in agreement, waving a manacled hand at Carla. 
“The girl’s got it by the teeth, I keen. They were issued orders allowing us to pass by long ago. That group guarding the crossroads yesterday looked relieved when we arrived, not surprised. They had several packhorses weighed down with supplies too. I’d wager my beard they had been there awhile waiting for us. And that last group just happened to wheel around the encampment and head towards us? By the fickle virgins!” Bronn cursed unhappily. “They were waiting, and worse, someone wants us to believe nothing is wrong!” 
“The question becomes this then: Do they know what our mission entails?” Guldan contemplated aloud. “If they do, then why allow us to continue our quest?”
I listened, digesting what I was hearing when suddenly, the pieces started to fall into place. And just like that, I knew the answer. A wave of despair washed over me as I realized that telling how I knew meant revealing my secret but I got a sense that it couldn’t be helped now. Wishing there was some other way, I pulled my hood back and took a deep breath calming my still racing heart.
“I think I know,” I said, trying to keep my voice strong. 
“Explain then lad!” Bronn barked. 
“It’s kind of a long story,” I said, looking nervously down the road the way we’d come. I half expected to see a war party thundering towards us from the camp any second.
Guldan looked at me curiously. 
“It will have to wait until later. I fear we need to get off this road. Corporal Gillian, scout the way ahead of us. There is a crossroad maybe a league or two distant that leads to the castle,” he said quietly to the guard. “Be careful, but be quick. If the crossroads is clear then return with all haste. We should put some distance between that camp and us but not appear to be fleeing. My heart tells me we need to play along with their deception for now, and if they spy us fleeing they will know we are on to their game.”
Gill urged his mount into a gallop and disappeared down the road.
“Lets go. Normal traveling pace, but be ready to fly when he returns. After we pass the intersection there are several places to move from the road and hide for awhile to see if we are being followed and discuss our options from relative safety.”
“What about Brianna?” I asked.
Guldan grimaced, shaking his head.
“Once we find cover, we can hike up towards the castle and check, like we planned.”


Chp. 31

We started moving forward again. Ivy moved her horse over beside mine and reached out offering me her hand. I took it without looking into her eyes. My fear and anxiety lessened for a moment before I let go.
As I thought about it I was sure Guldan and Bronn were right, my duels were rigged. I felt nauseous. I had slaughtered them like sheep. Even if they had volunteered for it, what I’d done was disgusting and immoral. I tried to put it out of my head.
Fortunately, it wasn’t long before Gill returned.
“It’s’ clear!” he said, wheeling his mount around.
“Ride!” Guldan shouted, spurring his mount into a gallop.
The slap of the leather reins on the mules’ backs echoed out through the dead forest of trees as Bronn forced his team into the mule version of a gallop, calling on them for more and more speed. Ivy and I let the wagon pass and settled our horses into a hard canter behind it next to Toby and Carla. The burnt trees around us slowly gave way to saplings and then a large meadow. Out in the center of the verdant meadow, just across a small stone bridge, another road crossed the one we were traveling on, running alongside a narrow creek. We sped out into the open towards the bridge following the speeding wagon, with Guldan and Gill in the lead.
I looked down into the vast meadow. Lush grasses and flowers grew on either side of the creek that wound lazily through the blossoming landscape. Just beyond the crossroads at the far end of the meadow, our road wound its way up into pine-coved mountains. 
It was several anxious minutes before we crossed bridge, passed the intersecting road, and found the cover of the trees leading into the mountains. 
We continued riding hard as the road traversed upward into the mountains through tightly packed pine trees. We had just crested a small rise and started into a vale when Guldan signaled a halt. The narrow roadway widened a bit before us and the ground flattened out into a clearing on both sides. Guldan left the road, moving towards a group of immense dark granite boulders to our left. Behind the boulders, a thicket of broad-leaved trees stood before a small gray shale cliff. Bronn followed Guldan, pulling the wagon off the road over a thick layer of pine needles.
As we drew nearer to the gargantuan bronze and black granite boulders, I noticed that they formed a natural cul-de-sac more than large enough to hide the wagon from the road. We rode behind the mammoth rocks into a moss-covered depression. Bonn turned the wagon around so the mule team faced the open end of the dead end. I dismounted and tied my reins on the running board of the wagon.
The boulder-protected dell had obviously been used as a camp in the past. Someone had arranged several large logs in a circle around an old fire pit near the back of the rock alcove. Toby and Carla walked over to one of the logs and sat down. Toby was already pulling off his boots off as Ivy and I sat down on a log opposite them.
“Always take care of your feet,” he growled, doing a pretty good impression of Coach.
I grinned and shook my head. Leave it to Toby to break the tension.
 “I’ll get some food out,” Gill offered, pulling some things out of the wagon.
“Spill it lad,” Bronn grumbled, sitting down on one of the rocks that ringed the fire pit. He placed his huge battle axe on his lap and began to sharpen it slowly with a whetstone. “Do the dark elves know about our quest?”
 I nodded. 
“Unfortunately, I’m pretty sure they do,” I said nervously, wiping my sweaty hands on my pants. “According to Brianna’s father, when I touched the Cardinal Ruby, every vampire that could be judged and imprisoned by it, knew I had the stone. I’m guessing that includes this King Zildain guy. While I was listening to you guys talk, things started falling into place.” 
I took a deep breath and began. 
“When Thallium brought the Demon into the world, he was punished by the high council of mages. Somehow, they pulled his soul, essence, whatever you want to call it, from his body and connected it to a sword, and it will remain connected to that sword until the demon is destroyed. That sword is Gwensorloth, my sword.”
Guldan and Bronn both nodded as if they already knew. They both had slightly amused expressions as they looked at me, waiting. 
I shrugged un-nerved that they knew my secret before I had a chance to tell them. Taking another deep breath I continued. 
“The first time I pulled Gwensorloth out of its scabbard, Thallium’s essence poured into me and somehow gave me the weapons experience of everyone who has ever held or fought with the sword. Several thousand years worth, I guess.” 
I looked over at Gill embarrassed.
“Sorry Gill, I shouldn’t have kept that from you.”
Gill shrugged at me and smiled. 
“No need to apologize Jake. It was never my business before.”
 I felt a wave of relief wash through me that the guardsman wasn’t mad. I smiled back, and then looked over at Guldan, then Bronn. 
 “That’s not all. Thallium’s alive, if you can call it that. He talks to me occasionally when I’m really tired, or have been drinking.” 
Bronn started laughing loudly. 
“That manipulative devil.”
Guldan shook his head, but said nothing.
I did my best to ignore them, though I was secretly pleased that they apparently didn’t know this part of my story. 
“Thallium told me the Ruby is losing its power to hold evil. The longer it is in this world, the weaker it’s getting. If we trap the demon inside of it, and don’t leave this world in time, the stone will fail and release the demon into this realm empowered by all of the evil that is already captured within the stone. Thallium said that would be a very, very bad thing.”
“Holy God! Armageddon,” Bronn whispered.
 “So I was thinking that that’s probably why the blood elves are letting us through. This King Zildian guy probably wants us to trap the demon, because after we trap it, all he has to do is kill us, take the Cardinal Ruby, and then just wait for the stone to loose its power to contain the demon. Since the blood elves love demons, they probably want this one released.”
“That, young immortal, is an understatement,” Guldan sighed. “Their worship of the Demon is nigh feverish, and all encompassing. The ultimate goal of their race is to serve the Demon.”
“Why don’t they just take the Cardinal Ruby from us and trap the demon themselves then?” Gill asked.
“The prophecies are all extraordinarily vague, but all of them say, quite clearly, that an immortal shall be the demon’s bane or deliverer, depending on who is doing the interpreting,” Guldan answered. “And not just any immortal…” 
“The Light-Bearer,” Ivy interrupted.
“Correct,” Guldan agreed, rubbing his chin thoughtfully. 
Slowly, he smiled as if he’d just figured out a puzzle. 
“I didn’t know what that name meant until now,” he said laughing quietly. “In all honestly, I’ll admit that I’ve wondered all along whether or not any of us could actually capture the demon using the stone. I assumed since the young immortal here was sent on the quest by Sir Nisbet that he might be able to do it. Now I’m sure.”
“How so, you pointy eared bastard?” Bronn growled at the handsome elf. “Speak elf!”
“When Thallium was a young man he lived for a time amongst my people at Lor Lorenith studying and learning magic. We called him ‘Lithril’. It means light.” 
I sighed and ran my hands through my perpetually unruly hair. Was I ever going to escape this predestination crap?
Bronn slapped his hand on his knee laughing. 
“Light bearer!”
“There’s more,” I grimaced, feeling hope slipping away with each word I was about to utter. “Thallium believes that we have fourteen days to get the ruby out of this world before it loses its power to contain the Demon. That was four days ago…”
“By the blood of the child!” Bronn roared, his face clouding over with rage. “There’s not enough time!” 
“How far away is Grimshome?” I asked quietly. 
Guldan’s brow was furrowed, and he shook his head. “Three days at this pace unless we are delayed.”
“That’s nine-and-a-half to the demon, and four-and-a-half to get the stone out of this world,” Bronn growled. “Impossible!”
“Forgive me, but it’s possible with these horses,” Gill said, offering the rest of us half a smile. The scar turned his attempt at comfort to something more akin to an evil smirk, but I knew him well enough to see it for what it was. “A rider with two or three of these mounts could make it back from here to Lockewood in roughly three days, add another half a day to the elven forest, and a day or so from Grimehome… I think it can be done, but it will be a close thing.”
Bronn shook his head regarding Gill. “That ‘rider’ will have to escape the capital city of the blood elves, dodge patrols, and somehow make it past an army clogging the main pass through the mountains. Not to mention that an entire nation of dark elves will be hot on their trail after the ruby. It can’t be done.”
Guldan stood up and strode into the center of clearing beside the fire pit, holding his hands up for quiet.
“Knowing that orders have been given to let us through gives us an advantage of sorts. Perhaps we can use that advantage not only to travel more quickly to our destination, but to aid our escape as well.”
“There will undoubtedly be a trap awaiting us,” Bronn grunted. 
Guldan nodded at Bronn. 
“We are still left with a critical decision however and the fate of creation itself, hinges on our choice.”
 He sighed loudly looking around at each of us in turn. 
“Do we continue on, trap the demon, somehow escape the trap awaiting us in Grimeshome and attempt to make it back to your world before the stone fails? Or do we sneak back and take our chances with the dark army and the underworld spawn called up by the demon?”
“That’s nay a choice. The evil bastard King has us right where he wants us.” Bronn spat angrily, his face even redder if that was possible. “We can’t turn around because he’ll destroy Ceneria with the demon’s help. Once the council of mages is defeated, he’ll set his sights on the other nations, picking them off one at a time until this world falls into ruin.”
Bronn paused to take a bite of bread. “On the other hand, if we continue this quest, it’s almost certain we will be responsible for Armageddon, since we won’t be able to get the stone out in time.” 
“True my friend,” Guldan said, folding his arms before him, “but with each horrible war it causes, the demon gains strength. You and I both know that it will eventually grow strong enough to break free of the fairy enchantment and bring on Armageddon anyways, unless of course, it is stopped for good. I doubt we will we have another chance such as this.”
“Not much of a chance,” Bronn grumbled. “With King Zildain knowing we are coming.” 
“Excuse me,” Carla interrupted,  “but does this King you’re talking about actually know we are coming? I’m mean, he may know someone is going to come, but does he know it is us? I didn’t see anyone leave that camp headed this direction during Jake’s fight, and no riders passed us earlier going this direction, unless it happened last night while we were off the road.”
“None passed us during the night. I watched the road,” Gill offered.
Carla continued. “Unless they have some way to communicate over long distances… maybe this Zildian guy doesn’t know we’re getting close.”
“Right,” Toby agreed. “And does he even know how little time we have?”
Guldan began pacing as he considered what had been said.
“He might have an idea regarding the timing, his knowledge of demons and their ilk is great, but I doubt he knows as much as Thallium about the ruby. And like my wine addled friend said, the group we encountered at the crossroads outside of Brighton had been camped for several days waiting for us and looked like they had enough supplies to last for several weeks. That leads me to believe that King Zildain is unsure of the exact timing,” Guldan offered. 
I thought back furiously trying to remember my conversations with Thallium’s spirit. He said something about the timing of the attack being moved up because Ivy had the stone.
“Thallium said that the plans to attack Ceneria had been moved up because I gave the ruby to Ivy. He seemed pretty sure it was causing a lot of confusion though,” I said, hoping that was helpful. 
“Interesting,” Guldan said. “King Zildain must think the council has the ruby then and is trying to force the council’s hand into action.” 
“Mud! He’s trying to get them to send a party in before the pass is closed by his army,” Bronn growled.
“Probably. I would guess the first sorties into Ceneria will begin tomorrow at the latest,” Guldan answered. “Which means he’s expecting us, but maybe not so soon.”
“Agreed,” Bronn said, slamming a fist into his hand. “We’re in it up to our necks now.”
The dark elf nodded grimly. “There is no time to waste, we need to get back on the road at once. Mount up, we will…” 
“Not without Brianna,” I interrupted, coming to my feet. My hand absently went to the hilt of my sword, and I moved it onto my hip instead. There was no way I was leaving Brianna to a horrible fate.
“Sacrifices need to be made during a war,” Bronn growled, though I could sense a long festering sadness in his voice. “The whole of creation hinges upon our…”
“I’m not leaving Brianna.” I said feeling the rush of adrenaline that signals an acute panic attack. “She’s not a sacrifice.”
Toby stood up and walked over to my side.
“I’m with you Jake.”
“Me too!” Carla said standing as well.  “How can we serve good by first condemning someone innocent to evil.” 
Guldan turned away and kicked at the dirt.
“Humans,” Bronn said with an exaggerated shrug. “They do have some redeeming qualities.”
“Gill, grab your bow and cover the road,” Guldan ordered. “Take our righteous friends here with you. Don’t let any riders past that are heading towards Grimhome.” 
Gill handed Carla the bag of food he was carrying and ran to his mount to retrieve his bow.
“Can you shoot a crossbow giant?” Bronn asked, looking at Toby. 
Toby grinned back at the former King of Thuunderhome. “Point and shoot. How difficult can it be?”
Bronn grinned at him. 
“I like this one.”
“The mage and I will get as close as we can get to Memron’s castle and see if she can sense your friend. We will be back before sunset. King Hammervil, guard the wagon,” Guldan said, with a angry smirk.
Bronn growled. 


Chp. 32

The relief I felt was short lived. I didn’t like that I wouldn’t be able to help protect Ivy, even if Guldan was this world’s most famous swordsman. I didn’t trust him at all, and his desire to leave Brianna to some horrible fate insured my dislike.
I retrieved my bow from where I’d attached it to the horse’s saddle and bent it to string. I was putting the quiver of arrows over my shoulder when Toby ran up holding a large wooden crossbow Bronn had given him. He grinned at me and patted the weapon.
“Me likey,” he said.
“Just don’t shoot me in the back while we’re running buddy,” I said and headed after Gill.
We ran around the boulder and over to the road. A strange birdcall sounded out from a rock ledge twenty paces to our right. I looked up at the peculiar whistle and saw Gill motioning to us from atop the tree-lined shelf.
“Up there!” I whispered to Toby.
“Right behind you,” he replied.
It took us a few minutes to get to his position.
Gill pointed out over the clearing. 
“This ledge is perfect for a bowman, elevated, trees to provide us good cover, a good fifty-yard killing zone in front before they pass below us heading south, and it’s a difficult position to assault without any covering fire. We’re hidden from any riders coming in behind us from the south as well. It would be the perfect location for an ambush if it weren’t for the vale. If more than one rider comes through, they might be able to scatter and an obvious place to avoid being hit by an arrow is exactly where we’ve hidden our wagon,” Gill said, pointing over at the huge boulders to our right. “Can’t go further up the road because we wouldn’t be able to alert anyone here should they make a retreat to this position. All in all, it’s better than I could have hoped for under the circumstances.”
Gill eyed Toby and the large crossbow grinning. 
“This is a poor spot for a weapon such as that. The bolts are heavy, made to pierce heavy armor or stop a horse. You’ll need to find a position down there,” he said, pointing to some trees near the boulders our wagon was hidden behind. “Aim low and take down the horse. Anywhere in the chest or side should do it. Wait until you see two arrows fired, before you pull that trigger okay?”
“Really?” Toby asked. “Shoot the horse?”
“Unless you want them riding down one of our friends, yes,” Gill smiled patting his shoulder. “Might want to let them know of our plan then while you’re at it. Just in case someone tries to take cover behind the boulders.”
“Thought you hated horses, Tob?” I asked, needling him.
“I do,” Toby said grinning. “It’s just that I’ve decided I hate walking more.”

As Toby made his way back across the road and over behind the boulders, Gill told me how he wanted the fight to go should it come to that. If a solo rider appeared, he would shoot first and then me. If I missed as well, Toby would take out the horse. More than one rider, and we’d fire in unison and keep firing until everything was down. The main goal was to keep them from passing below us, and then to keep them away from where the wagon was hidden.
As it turned out, we didn’t have too long to wait. Toby had just gotten into position after alerting Bronn and Carla, when I heard the sound of a horse being ridden hard coming up the rise before the vale. Gill heard as well and nodded to me. We each notched an arrow and drew back.
I settled into a locked position. The arrow’s fletching tickled my cheek as I sighted down its length. The sound of the approaching rider grew louder.
“Just one,” Gill breathed. “Going to let him get close, be ready.”
The black-clad rider appeared over the rise urging every ounce of speed from his heavily breathing horse. Brutally whipping the horse, the blood elf raced across the flat vale towards us.
As I followed the rider, ready to loose my arrow, I heard Gill breath out. His bowstring twanged beside me as he let his arrow fly. The dark elf reeled in the saddle as Gill’s arrow punched through his chest just below the collarbone.
“Loose,” Gill whispered.
I released my arrow and watched it close the distance, almost instantly spilling the rider from the saddle. The horse slowed to a trot almost immediately, then stopped on the road down below us.
“Pull the body off the road and hide it, then take the horse over with ours by the wagon,” Gill said. “I’ll cover the vale until you return.”

I climbed down and went over to the body, my heart hammering in my chest. The blood elf lay on his side. Gill’s arrow had killed the dark elf, the three-foot shaft punching all the way through his rib cage in the back. I took a shuttering breath and turned the body over carefully. The blood elf’s dark eyes were half closed in death. I saw the orange feathers of my arrow sticking out of his sternum and nearly threw up. 
I shook my head and tried my best to be business-like. Neither one of the arrows appeared to be usable, so I didn’t bother pulling them out. I grabbed the top of his tunic near his pale throat with one hand, his belt in the other and lifted the dark elf off the ground, carrying him off the stone road into the trees near Toby.
“Nice shootin, Tex,” Toby said, helping me set the elf’s body down behind a fallen log.
I ran back to the road and gathering the horse’s reins, mounted it. It reared when it felt my weight settle onto its back and almost threw me from the saddle. I managed to stay on, and get the horse under control, but it was a near thing. I patted its sweaty neck and whispered soothing words to it. It wasn’t long before I was able to get it to walk behind the boulder.
“Rider dead?” Bronn asked, taking the horses reins from me as I dismounted.
I nodded. 
“Search the body, there might be some intelligence we could use.”
I nodded again and took off back around the boulder.

I stopped next to Toby and quietly told him about Bronn’s instructions. I’ll admit I was extremely relieved when Toby volunteered to search the body for me. I’d killed, and seen more death in the last couple of days than I had ever wanted to, rummaging through a corpse’s clothes was one step too far for me at that moment. I smiled in appreciation and left Toby, making my way back up to where Gill watched the road. 
Just past noon, another rider rode into the vale and met a similar fate as the first. I was able to salvage both arrows and brought them back up to the ledge, after dealing with the body and horse.
“There should be a cloth at the bottom of your quiver Jake. Use it to clean your arrow,” Gill said, reaching down into his own quiver and retrieving a slightly stained, brown cloth. As he began to meticulously clean his arrow, I reached down into my quiver and found a similar cloth.
“Does it ever get easy Gill?” I asked, attempting to clean the drying blood off my arrow.
“Killing?” Gill snickered. “Yes and no, though killing in a just cause takes some of the edge off. It’s all about your mind set really. Everyone has his or her own way of dealing with it. I try to see killing as an unavoidable necessity to the survival of my family and friends in Lockewood.”
He ruffled my hair. 
“It’s not like you’re killing innocent, fuzzy, little bunnies, Jake. Let me tell you what I know about these dark elves, maybe that will help you put it into perspective a bit. 
“They worship demons. You know that, but what you maybe don’t know is: they sacrifice their own first-born child on an altar, and spread its blood over their bodies as a testament of their faith. Can you imagine? How could anyone pray that way? I don’t pretend to understand it, I just know it as evil, Jake.” 
Gill pointed vaguely at his scarred face. 
“I have them to thanks for this. A group of them attacked the mage, my mentor and I were guarding, on the trip to Alissia I told you about. I was only sixteen at the time, in the last stage of training. They killed my mentor, but we saved our mage. That sword on the wall in my room is the sword that gave me this beauty mark.
“And there’s something else you should know. They sacrifice everyone they capture in battle. Their priests and priestesses give the prisoners a foul draught of some sort that keeps their victims alive and aware while they are dismembered and fed to the minor demons and imps they keep as pets. The victim’s revulsion and horror feed their evil sacrifices to the demon we are going to kill.”
I felt nauseous thinking about it. It had to be stopped. I said a quick prayer to God to give me strength.
 “Don’t let them capture me, Gill,” I said, meeting his eyes.
He smiled and nodded. 
“I was about to tell you the same thing. Battles with Blood Elves are always to the death.”

As I finished cleaning the arrow, I became aware of the steady sound of horses echoing from behind us. After seconds it was joined with the pounding of hooves coming towards us.
“Concentrate your aim on those coming towards us only. Take the right side, I’ve got the left.”
I nodded and settled into a stance pulling the notched arrow I had just cleaned back until the fletching rested gently against my cheek.
“Wait,” Gill whispered as the half a dozen riders crested the rise and rode recklessly into the vale. “Wait.” 
Four other black-clad riders appeared below us and seeing the other dark elves racing towards them moved their mounts to the side of the road opposite us.
“Closer, closer…” Gill breathed.
I sighted the lead rider on the right and released my breath slowly.
“Now,” Gill whispered.
Together we let fly. I notched a second arrow, pulled, and released as my first arrow struck the dark elf I’d aimed at in the face sending his lifeless body tumbling unceremoniously off the back end of his horse. 
Notching another arrow and pulling back, I heard cries of alarm from the road below and did my best to ignore them. My second arrow slammed into the chest of the rider whose horse had just trampled my first target, as he fell I scanned for my next target. I was about to release my third arrow when my target’s mount screamed out in agony, its front legs buckling. It crashed down, tumbling forward, spilling its rider into the road and tripping the two horses behind it even as an arrow from Gill slammed into one of the falling rider’s chest. The whole group crashed to the road in a wailing pile of dead and dying. 
An elf leaped out of the tangled mass. I adjusted my aim and let fly, grabbing another arrow and putting it to string.
I heard one of the dark elves below me cry out, and I saw his mount rear over backwards out of my peripheral vision. The arrow I just released hit the dark elf squarely in the center of his stomach. He staggered sideways and fell to the road, pulling weakly at the arrow that had pierced through his stomach and lodged in his spine. 
I watched as one of Gill’s arrows pinned another of the fallen elves to the road. All of the elves that had been heading towards us were down, so I spun and fired my arrow at an elf that was riding towards where Toby stood trying to reload his crossbow. The arrow sunk into the dark elf’s upper back, and he fell sideways from his horse.
“Duck!” Gill shouted. 
 I dropped to my stomach without thinking.
Gill’s sword connected with a dark elves’ blade above me. I spun on my side and kicked the attacker’s feet out from under him. As he started to fall, Gill’s sword buried itself in his side. 
Another attacker gained the ledge. Gill jumped over me and beat him back. Both swords were a blur, but the elf obviously hadn’t been expecting to be attacked so quickly after gaining the ledge, and Gill’s attack backed him to the edge of the shale cliff. 
Cursing, his eyes burning with hatred, the dark elf turned and jumped. I scrambled to my feet, notched the arrow I already had out, pulled and fired where I thought he would land.
I was rewarded with a sickening grunt.
“Quickly!” Gill said, scrambling down the side of the ledge towards the road. “We need to clean this up before any more come.”

Putting the bow over my shoulder I climbed down after him as fast as I could. When I reached the bottom of the ledge I heard hissed cursing coming from beneath a dead horse. Gill was standing on the other side of the horse looking down. I quickly ran over to join him. Pinned beneath the dead horse was a young female blood elf. Only one arm and the upper part of her chest were free.
She looked up at us with hatred in her eyes, wheezing out foul curses in their garbled language. I could only assume they were curses of course, but from the look she was giving us, I was pretty sure whatever she was saying was particularly foul.
Despite her condition, I was surprised at her beauty. Her face was nearly perfect, high cheek bones, full lips, and eyes the color of a golden field of wheat. Her deep auburn hair spilled out around her mixing with the pine leaves and dirt.
She must have seen the way I looked at her because she smiled up at me with a seductive, evil half grin.
“Beware this one, Jake. She’ll steal your seed and then feed you to her pets. Though the first part might be fun,” Gill laughed.
Bronn appeared at our side. One look at the dwarf and the female dark elf began to thrash, trying desperately to free herself.
“Whoa!” Bronn laughed. “Caught yourself a minx, eh?”
“What do we do with her?” Gill asked.
“Well, I’d say bind her and let Guldan decide what to do with her, but she probably won’t survive long once we get the horse off of her,” Bronn grunted shaking his head.
“Why?” I asked.
“Internal injuries,” Gill offered. “I’ve seen a few crushing injuries before. Once the weight is removed, the blood flows into the injured organs and the person bleeds to death.”
“Oh.”
“Well, let’s be at it then. Make sure you grab her arms,” Bronn said.
I watched in amazement as he grabbed the dead horse’s neck above Toby’s crossbow bolt and pulled, rolling the animal off of the trapped elf. The sheer strength needed to move the horse was nothing less than superhuman.
She passed out, as Gill pulled her out from under the dead animal. Bronn released the horse’s neck and it rolled back.
“No time to gawk lad! Get a couple of horses and some rope from the wagon.” Bronn said patting me on the shoulder. “The guard and I will take care of this one.”

Using a couple of the dark elves’ horses and a thick rope, we dragged the two dead animals out of the vale and into the trees far enough away from the road where they wouldn’t be noticed right away, then removed the dead elves. Carla didn’t say anything, but I could see the pain in her eyes as she looked at the dead horses. It took quite awhile to make the area look right, but no other riders came along while we cleaned up. Gill sprinkled pine needles and dirt over the blood soaked sections of the road.
When we were finished we went back to our spots and waited. From where Gill and I sat on the ledge, I couldn’t see any visible signs of what had happened. Bronn had cautioned us that dark elves had keen senses and might smell the blood that had been spilled. With that in mind we prepared to shoot anyone coming from the south that stopped or seemed suspicious as they crossed the vale.
Gill handed me some dried meat as we sat there guarding the roadway.
“That is some gift Thallium gave you, Jake. You handle a bow like a crazed forest elf.”
“It’s some curse, you mean.”
“Curse?” Gill asked surprised. “How so?”
“What’s it good for, Gill,” I asked. “Killing things, people, elves, whatever?”
“Are we back to this? You have to get past it, Jake. I trained for most of my life to know the way of the sword and bow. I didn’t do it because I dreamed of glory. I didn’t volunteer for this because I want my name carved into some piece of stone by a fountain. I want my life to matter. Don’t you?”
I considered what Gill said. He did have a point. Fame was a nuisance, a ball and chain I didn’t want any part of.
“I guess so.”
“My Papi always said, ‘All you can do is your best.’ Pretty good advice if you ask me,” Gill said.
I couldn’t help but laugh.
“My dad says the same thing.”
“So we do our best and pray our best is good enough,” Gill said, smiling.
I nodded.


Chp. 33

Two groups passed us heading north as the afternoon wore on, but neither of them stopped. It was hard sitting there watching them go by, waiting for some sign that they thought something was wrong. I didn’t want to shoot anyone else in the back. But it was harder thinking of Ivy out there sneaking up on a castle.
I couldn’t stop worrying about them. Gill must have sensed my worry and told me stories he’d heard about fairies and other creatures, as well as anecdotes from his time in the guard while we waited. I listened, but even though the stories were fascinating, I couldn’t stop thinking about Ivy and the danger she faced.

It was late in the afternoon when Bronn appeared around one of the granite boulders down in the vale and motioned for us to join him. Gill ended his story about a recruit in Lockewood that could bend arrows in flight abruptly. Toby emerged from his hiding place and jogged around the huge boulders. Gill and I scrambled down from the ledge and ran across the road. Fear and trepidation slammed into me as I ran. Were they back? I covered the forty yards in a sprint worthy of an NFL combine.
As I rounded the corner I saw Ivy and Guldan, and relief flooded through me. Guldan was questioning the female blood elf that had apparently woke up. Bronn stood beside him glowering as Guldan interpreted what she was saying. Ivy paused in her conversation with Carla and Toby, smiled at me and winked. I took a deep breath and walked over to join them.
“Where is she then?” Carla was asking as I stopped next to Ivy and gave her a sideways hug.
“She’s probably back in Brighton with Coach McNally,” Ivy said, melting into my side. “We got pretty close, I’m sure she wasn’t there.”
Toby smiled. 
“Well, that’s a good thing, been kinda rough here waiting for you. Glad you’re okay. Jake-O was beside himself. I kept hearing him whine about it across the clearing all day.”
“Yeah right!” I shot back, embarrassed.
Gill joined us. 
“It wasn’t that bad. He was able to pretend to listen to my stories anyway.”
I shook my head at their playful ribbing.
“Wish there was someway to find out about Brianna. I don’t like not knowing,” I said, trying to turn the conversation. “At least she wasn’t at the castle.”
Toby nodded. 
“Maybe Carls can try her on the cell phone again.”
“Hey!” Carla said punching Toby in the arm. “We’re teasing Jake remember?”
“He hits too hard,” Toby laughed.

Guldan and Bronn joined our circle.
“That’s Memron’s daughter by the way,” Guldan said, as if he was commenting about the weather. “She claims that she doesn’t know anything. We could always torture the truth out of her, but we would probably find out in the end that she was telling the truth. We don’t have the time, we need to get back on the road. That is, if you are satisfied, Jake?” 
“Torture?” Carla said, startled. “We’re not torturing anyone.”
“Relax girl,” Guldan said rolling his eyes. “Like I was saying, we don’t have the time.”
I didn’t know what upset Carla more, the thought of torturing someone or being called ‘girl’, but she looked at the pale elf in fury, biting back whatever stinging retort she was surely thinking, and walked away.
“Something I said?” Guldan smiled, watching her depart.
Toby chuckled. 
“Probably the ‘girl’ comment. You might want to call her Carla,” he said and followed Carla.
“Indeed,” Guldan said, his dark eyes sparkling with mirth. He looked back to the group and continued. “The hike to the castle wasn’t totally without use. Our mage here… Ivy, was able to find out that Memron dispatched a party to warn King Zildain of our imminent arrival, and since you took care of them. I think it safe to say we still have a good chance of having surprise on our side.”
“The other two riders must have come from the crossroads and the camp,” Bronn interjected.
“Agreed,” Guldan nodded.
“What do you want to do with the female?” Bronn asked. “Kill it?”
Guldan furrowed his brow at the immortal dwarf. 
“Not likely my hairy friend. Why rid ourselves of such an excellent hostage?”
“You cannot be serious!” Bronn growled. “Have you lost all the grey matter between those ugly pointed ears? We can’t take her into Grimhome bound and gagged. We’ll have enough on our hands getting in and out without worrying about her.”
“As if you won’t draw unwanted attention in Grimhome, oh King of the Knee High. That’s why you, the girl, and the guardsman will stay here and keep watch over her. We might have need of her on our journey back, through Memron’s lands.”
I watched as Bronn grumbled and complained, but in the end Guldan’s reasoning won out. Gill didn’t look too happy either but accepted his duty stoically. Our ruse of being merchants was over. I was relieved there wouldn’t be any more challenges over our cargo, or our amazing horses for that matter, since it was decided we would each ride one of the ten blood elf mounts we captured. They weren’t nearly the quality of the horses Gill had been given, even I could see that, but they wouldn’t be seen as something of worth by the blood elves. 
Ivy, Toby and I picked horses, Gill and Carla made sure the saddles were adjusted for us. Carla fretted over Toby’s horse, tears in her eyes and made him promise to come back safely. He promised not to cheat on her with an elven woman in typical Toby fashion, and we left.

My mount was a bit skittish at first, but as we left the vale and continued on up the road it settled down. The pine forest on either side of us was silent. There were no birds singing in the twilight or movement of any kind as dusk settled over the mountains. Only the sound of our horse’s hooves colliding with the ancient road accompanied us as we moved deeper into the forest.
I watched with growing fear as I started to glow. Guldan and Ivy began to shimmer as well.
After half an hour or so Guldan turned and regarded us.
“Now that your mounts are settled a bit, its time for us to pick up the pace. We need to arrive before dawn. No one will challenge a royal at the gates with dawn approaching. Our exhausted horses will play into the deceit.
 “I am well known in Grimhome, no one will stop us. It’s not uncommon for a lord of my stature to travel with magi. When we arrive at Grimhome let me do the talking if it’s necessary, I doubt it will be though, any guard foolish enough to risk getting a royal incinerated by the sun would find he and his extended family sacrificed in a most horrid fashion. We’ll make a dash to my villa once we’re inside. Keep your hoods pulled low and keep up.”

Thus began one of the most harrowing rides of my life. I took up the rear as we galloped through the darkness trying to keep up with Guldan. After a while, I couldn’t see anything but the elf’s reddish glow, Ivy’s soft purple and my blue hands on the reins as an utter darkness settled over the thick pine forest. The ancient stone paving didn’t offer the horse’s hooves very good traction and my horse stumbled repeatedly but thankfully recovered each time without unseating me.
As I got more comfortable riding through the near total darkness, I became aware of a small flickering light at the corner of my vision. When I quickly turned my head to look, it was gone. At first I thought it was my imagination, but it came back again and again, only to disappear when I turned to look.
“It’s one of the fairy folk,” came Thallium’s voice clearer than it had been since the first night in Lockewood. My horse chose that moment to stumble and I nearly lost my seat I was so surprised. I cursed silently.
“Careful, it wouldn’t do to fall and break your neck now,” the voice said, with a sarcastic edge.
“Your voice is… stronger,” I whispered to myself.
“Indeed. You are traveling through a very strong magical place, Jake. In another hour you will be passing the edge of Lillith Ga’ Serne, one of the most powerful magic areas in all this world.”  Thallium said. “Plus you’re tired, the combination has lowered the veil between us considerably.”
The light appeared again at the edge of my vision. “Should I be worried about  it?”
“On the contrary, it’s a good sign!”
“Really? A sign of what?” I asked, grabbing the saddle horn and adjusting my feet in the stirrups.
“If the fairies are involved, they must think you have a chance.”
“A chance at what?”
“Haven’t you been listening dear boy?” Thallium chided. “Why, to stop the demon and get their lands back of course. King Hammervil was correct in suggesting the fairies would return if the demon is destroyed or captured by the stone. They have been waiting far too long to return to their lands.”
“Why is it following us?”
 “I believe that you have a fairy guard my boy.”
What was it guarding me from? The darkness was so complete I couldn’t even see the trees unless I chanced a look up and saw their outline in the stars.
“These woods are ancient, Jake, as old as the imperial trees of Lor Lorenith and like the elven city, it sits upon a vortex of magical energies. That energy, along with being the home of the fairy folk for uncounted millennia have given it a collective consciousness of sorts. Like most of the fairy folk, it isn’t good or evil. And just like the fairies, it doesn’t take well to trespassing.”
“Trespassing? What do you mean by that?” I said, looking around in the darkness, expecting some unseen force to grab me from the saddle, as my frightened horse flew over the road. 
“Intrusion my boy. Going onto someone’s property against their wishes or without their permission,” the olden voice giggled.
“I know what the word means old man. What can the woods do? What power do they have?” I asked frustrated, trying to stay in the saddle.
“The explanation for that would require a knowledge and vocabulary base you don’t possess dear boy. Suffice it to say that the blood elves don’t travel through these woods at night when the power of the forest is at its zenith. Guldan risked much attempting to cross through them at night, but he always was crafty. He must have deduced the fairy would protect us.”
I thought about the many questions I had for Thallium, trying to decide which one to ask.
“Do the blood elves know where we are?” I asked, dreading the answer.
“The ones behind most certainly do. As for those in front of you, that is beyond the scope of my knowledge, young one. I think the assumptions made by you and your group are correct, but I have no definitive answer to that question. That they expect you is a certainty. Do they expect you to arrive before dawn? All the evidence leads me to theorize that they don’t.”
“Why?” I asked, doing my best to ignore the light flittering at the edge of my vision. 
“Like Guldan hypothesized, Jake, they have bothered putting a deception in place and have sent riders to inform the king of your presence. That tells me that King Zildian doesn’t know your exact location but knows of your quest. More importantly, it also leads me to believe that Zildian is not the Demon’s seed.
 The Demon most certainly knows the exact location of the stone, and when it will fail. If Zildian were the Demon’s seed he would have access to that knowledge and there would be no reason to issue orders that he be informed of any suspicious groups entering Mozgul. 
Fortunately for us, Jake, the Demon has only the most infinitesimal hold in this world and, for the time being, is still constrained by the same laws that bind the angels and the greater demons. With the exception of the one whom he possesses, he is restricted to communicating through imprecise interpretations retrieved from vague prophecies.
Understanding this made me feel a bit better, but not much. If Zildian wasn’t the Demon’s seed/minion, then who was? Or was there one at all?
“I don’t believe there is, Jake, at least not in this world at any rate. If there is, he or she hasn’t made himself or herself known yet. It takes an incredible amount of energy for the Demon to forge the link, and possess its minion. It doesn’t pick unless it’s sure.”
“Sure of what?” I asked.
“Sure that it will receive more energy in return for its investment.”
The thought was chilling. The demon fed on the suffering and pain it caused in the worlds. Hitler had caused unimaginable suffering and had nearly extinguished the Jewish people in the process. 
“If the blood elves have to rely on these vague prophecies, then they are in the same boat we are?” I asked.
“That is correct my boy, except for one thing. Regardless of the fact that Zildian is not likely to be the Demon’s seed, that does not mean he is without resources. Blood elves are very familiar with the demonic forces of the underworld. It is their religion, if it could be called such.
 Being a vampire gives Zildian even greater access to that evil since he is not of the covenant. Much like our sages, the lesser demons can step out of the timeline and glimpse the present, past, and future. Zildian would certainly have called on their knowledge to interpret the prophecies, and thus, set this plan in motion. For all we know, he might even be under orders from the real Demon seed, though it doesn’t appear so based on his actions.”
“Great.” I said, whispered aloud.
“Sarcasm in one so young?” Thallium’s ancient voice chuckled.
I would have shrugged had I not been holding on for dear life.


Chp. 34

The road dove down several hundred feet into what might have been a valley if I could have seen anything. Our horses slid and scrambled trying to keep their feet on the way down. I heard Toby swear angrily several times as the rode twisted, winding down into the valley. Somehow we all managed to stay in the saddle.
“You alright, Tob?” I called out after we began to gallop over the flat terrain.
“Remember what I said about horses and walking?” he shouted back to me. “I’d like to withdraw that comment.”
Despite the frightening ride, I found myself smiling.
“Sir James was right, you have strong allies,” Thallium’s voice rang out, even stronger than before.
I started to think about what he said when my skin began to prickle with energy. The glow surrounding my hands grew brighter, bathing the horse’s neck and head in blue light. Ahead of me I could see Ivy and Guldan’s glows intensifying as well.
“Lillith Ga’ Serne is just beyond the trees on the eastern side of this valley. That sensation you’re feeling is magical energy. Reach out with your mind, Jake. Let it surround you.”
I did as instructed and the prickling sensation became a warmth that caressed my skin.
“Well done, Jake, you did that quite easily, with no real effort. Impressive. Now reach out with your thoughts and grab a little of it, just a little mind you, and throw it up into the air,” Thallium said.
“Do what?”
“Just imagine grabbing some of that energy and throwing it up into the air.”
I tentatively reached out. Power rushed into me so quickly it took my breath away. In a blind panic I released the saddle horn I was holding in a death grip, threw my hand up above my head and willed the suffocating energy away. 
“Opps,” Thallium said, as I felt a surge of energy leaving me, flowing out of my hand.
I felt more energy seeping into me, filling the void left behind.
“Concentrate Jake!” Thallium ordered. “It’s not complete. You must will it into action. Think of a brightly lit room.”
I grabbed the saddle horn again and concentrated on the amber light from the Inn in Brighton.
“Release your will quickly, before it goes too high!” Thallium ordered.
“Now!” I shouted out loud, imagining the amber light. 
A blinding light burst into existence several hundred feet above the road, illuminating the valley around us in amber.
“Halt!” Guldan shouted from in front of the group.
I pulled back on the reins towards my waist and sat back in the saddle as Gill had instructed me. My horse braked hard, its hooves sliding on the ancient paving stones. I blinked furiously trying to clear the after image from my sight.
“Oh yeah, don’t look into the light,” the ancient voice giggled.
“Thanks,” I sighed as my vision began to clear.

Amber light bathed the valley around us for several hundred yards in each direction. The trees had receded from the road replaced by low growing grasses. The light didn’t move, but stood where it was, stationary in the cool night sky. Guldan had turned his mount and was looking at me. Ivy and Toby were scanning the clearing in confusion.
“I take it High Lord Thallium chose this moment to teach you about magic?” Guldan said in an irritated tone.  “Bet he’s laughing about it too.”
I starred at him in shock. I had done magic? Didn’t I have to know some crazy formula, say special words is some bizarre tongue, or sacrifice something on an alter? I glanced up at the light hanging over the valley. It reminded me of one of those army flares I’d seen in the movies.
I could hear the old man’s laughter as if he were standing beside me. 
Guldan shook his head. 
“Guess he deemed it was time for a break. Dismount, we’ll take a few minutes. Get some food, water, and whatever other relief you require.”
Toby stared at me in wonder. 
“You did that, Jake?”
“I don’t know,” I answered dazed and perplexed, ignoring the old wizard’s laughter.
“A warning would have been appreciated, Thallium.” Guldan said, leaping agily to the ground.
“Apologize for me,” Thallium managed to say still wheezing with laughter. “Tell him I didn’t know you would take to it so quickly.”
I managed a shrug. 
“He… he says he’s sorry,” I stammered.
Guldan smirked, getting something out of his saddlebag.
“Tell him to save your training for later unless of course it is his intention to ruin our plans.”
I slowly got off the horse, my mind awhirl with bewilderment at what I’d done. It felt good to have my feet on solid ground, but it did little to settle my thoughts. I heard Toby groan with relief and knew he shared my view.
“He knows this is an excellent place to rest. Ignore him. In fact, this is the last decent spot to take a break before you reach Grimhome,” the old wizard said, seeming to get control of his laughter. “I have much to teach you about magic, Jake. We don’t have much time, so I’ll give you the shortened version.”
“The shortened version?” I asked, walking around my horse out into the grass away from the others. My bladder needed relief.
“Indeed, we need to take advantage of the moment, dear boy. The power of this place makes it an exceptional spot. I’ll be back to plaguing your intuition tomorrow. That is, unless you plan on learning while drunk, or exhausted. The former could be kind of fun, though undoubtedly dangerous.”
“We only have a few minutes before Guldan will want us back in the saddle, Thallium. It’s probably not a good time,” I said to the voice, trying not to let my fear show. I didn’t want to separate myself further from the others. It already felt like I stuck out. The weapons ability made me powerful as it was.
“That is precisely why Sir James chose you, Jake. Power corrupts, absolute power corrupts absolutely. Your natural dislike for power, for the trappings of fame and glory made you the perfect candidate for the job.”
“Well, I need to eat and get something to drink,” I said to myself, hoping to delay the coming lesson.
Thallium chuckled, 
“You can do that from the saddle my boy.”
“Right, maybe you didn’t see how difficult it was for me just to stay in the saddle,” I said, sighing with relief as I emptied the contents of my bladder. “I should rejoin the others when I’m finished.”
“In a moment, let us proceed with a small test first shall we? A wizard has to know his limits.”
I laughed out loud, pulling my pants back up and lacing up the leather strings. “I’m no wizard.”
“Really? You could have fooled me, Jake. Your first attempt at using magic still lights the valley. Perhaps you should open your mind to the possibility. Now gather magic to you, like before. Absorb it into the center of your being.”
“Not now…”
“Just do it my boy.”
I took a deep breath and let it out. I could already feel a great deal of magic sitting warmly inside of me. I closed my eyes and with Thallium’s gentle nudging, pulled in more energy from the air around me. The warmth inside of me grew and became hot as more and more magic entered my body.
I opened my eyes, as a wave of panic rushed through me.
“More Jake. Take as much as you can possibly bear!” ordered the voice.
I concentrated on my breathing and followed Thallium’s instructions, pulling more and more energy in until my skin seemed as if it would ignite.
“I can’t take any more!” I said aloud. My body felt like it was burning. I could see steam rising up in the air around me as my sweat turned to gas.
“More Jake!” Thallium ordered.
My heart pounded more quickly, as rush after rush of anxiety slammed into me.
“Concentrate!”
I couldn’t breathe, my chest muscles were clinched so tight. More and more energy flooded in.
“Now draw Gwensorloth!” Thallium said forcefully.
I reached across my body and fumbled with the hilt. I felt as if I would explode any second.
“Draw it!” Thallium commanded.
I grasped the ornate hilt and managed to draw the blade, vision spinning.
“This great blade was meant to be a tool for justice, to fight evil. Imagine it glowing with power. It destroys evil!” Thallium’s voice resounded within me strong and sure. I knew him to be right, this blade was meant for great things whether I used it or not. 
“Know it, Jake, know it with every fire of your being! Now slowly release the energy from your body into the sword. Imagine it as a tool fit to fight the devil himself.”
I weaved on my feet as I struggled to free the burning hot magic inside of me. The magic wanted release, but not slow release.
“Concentrate!” Thallium urged.
I willed the magic out into the blade, fighting to stay conscious.
“Breathe Jake.”
“I… I can’t,” I gasped aloud.
“Do it!” Thallium old voice rose in intensity. “Imagine Gwensorloth slicing through demonic skin like butter. Imagine their fear as they run before its glowing blade,” he said as I released more and more of the magic inside of me into the blade.
It began to glow, softly at first, then brighter and brighter until it shone golden.
“That’s it, Jake, concentrate. It should glow in the presence of evil. Make it so!”
I did as Thallium ordered. As the magic pressure inside of me began to fade, I was able to breathe again, and the black spots of threatening darkness vanished. I continued to feed Gwensorloth energy, toning down the golden glow to a soft white. I imagined it burning anything evil. I willed it to shine in evil’s presence but to otherwise be a normal blade, if a great quail blade could be considered normal.
How long I stood there I don’t know. It seemed like hours. The magic drained from me until I felt empty. I shivered, bathed in sweat.
“Well done, my son,” Thallium whispered fading from my thoughts.
I was suddenly overcome with emotion and fell to my knees. 
“Why won’t this stupid dream just end?”
 I sat back on my heels and wept.
“It’s not a dream Dear Heart,” Ivy said resting her head against my shoulder as she hugged me closely from behind. 
I couldn’t stop the tears from flowing.
“I know…” I whispered back as I knelt there on the valley grass of a different world and sobbed. 
After a few minutes she released me and we both stood up. She smiled up at me her eyes sparkling with left over tears. 
“Thanks Ivy,” I choked out.
She gave that impish smile and slid her hand into mine.
I managed to smile back as we returned to where Toby and Guldan stood by the horses. Guldan nodded at me his eyebrows raised with curiousity. He handed me a small sack.
“Can you ride and eat at the same time?” the pale elf lord asked me with a speculative grin.
“Do I have a choice?”
“No, you don’t,” Guldan replied smirking. “Get a drink before we start out, don’t want to lose all our water down the front of your tunic.”

Toby handed me a deerskin bota bag filled with water. I took a long pull and relished the cool water coating my dry throat.
“So you do magic too, sweet. Maybe that’s why you glow,” he said, waiting for me to hand him back the skin.
I continued to drink until I felt my thirst quenched and then handed him back the skin, wiping my mouth on the sleeve of my leather tunic.
“Yeah, too bad we don’t have any playing cards,” I joked trying to play the whole magic thing off.
“I smell a Vegas trip,” Toby laughed.
He punched me solidly in the shoulder. It was his way of showing me he accepted me regardless. I thumped him back with an uppercut to the ribs.
“Deal!” I agreed.
 I was glad he was here.


Chp. 35

We mounted up and trotted slowly out of the valley and the amber light hanging suspended in the air above it. I opened the sack and pulled out a large stick of jerky. Closing the sack, I looped its cord over the saddle horn and took a bite of the salty beef as Guldan urged his mount back into a gallop. I took up the rear and taking a deep breath, urged my horse to follow. In moments we were flying down the road again.

We had been riding for quite a while when I felt Thallium’s presence return.
“I still feel the magic inside of me.” I said.
“And you will for the rest of your infinitely long life my boy. It will remain a part of you until you cease to draw breath, perhaps even following you into the next life, who knows. I can feel your doubts, Jake, but you can’t run from it. It just is.”
“I don’t want any of…”
“I know,” Thallium’s old voice interrupted me. “We’ve been down this path before, young master. You don’t want any part of what is happening to you… so on and so forth.”
“I really don’t!” I argued.
“Your desire to be a normal human child is respectable, but dangerous, Jake. Your life, as well as the lives of your friends and family will depend on your new abilities. Like your girlfriend, the others will find that their lives have changed as well. They will require your strength to get through what is destined to happen to them.”
I felt a chill pass down my back that had nothing to do with the wind whipping past me. 
“What do you mean by that? What changes, what’s going to happen to them?”
I could feel Thallium trying to calm and reassure me.
“Don’t do that!” I said, fighting against it.
“As you wish,” Thallium said, and I immediately felt the calm leave me. “I can’t tell you more than I know, and I don’t know much in the grand scheme of things. The prophecies aren’t very clear. They hint at much and are specific about little.”
“What do you know old man?” I demanded.
“What do you see when you look at your giant friend?” Thallium asked.
 I looked ahead of me in the darkness as we flew down the road. I could see the purple glow given off by Ivy, and the elf’s red aura, but little else.
“Concentrate, Jake. What do you see?”
I could see a darker shape bobbing up and down between Ivy and me. I concentrated on Toby’s shape, but it was difficult. A flitting image of a huge warrior replaced Toby’s dark shape for a moment.
“Just as I thought,” Thallium said in my head.
“What?” I stammered, “What was that!”
“It was your friend as he truly is Jake, as he will be. Toby Daniels isn’t only your friend, he’s your guard as he has been since you first met, as he was meant to be. The Flinthor’Sa prophecy is pretty clear concerning the Guardian.”
“Guardian?”
“Knowing he is the guardian answers some questions, even though I guessed as much before you read him just now. I thought there was a chance it was Corporal Gillian. But it’s not, that makes Gillian ‘the brother knot’ I guess. It’s Toby’s girlfriend, Carla, that I have questions about.”
“What about her?”
“I don’t know if she is suppose to be here,” Thallium said casually. 
I couldn’t believe what I was hearing. If she wasn’t suppose to be here then what was going to happen to her? Of course she was suppose to be here, Ivy’s mother said she was.
“That is the part that eludes me in the setting of this group. What did Lady Hlava see… I wonder,” Thallium muttered as if he were talking to himself. “The H’Gilnja codex is the only prophecy that names all the members of the group that set out to capture the demon. Lets see: the light bearer, the dead prince, the brother fighting, the king forgotten, the guardian, the brother knot, the sorceress of sighes, the vampire queen, the bane, the changeling, and the light within. Everyone is accounted for except the changeling.”
“Is Carla this changeling person?”
Thallium seemed to wake from his thoughts. 
“That is the problem, Jake, she can’t be the changeling, she isn’t fairy. Fairy changelings can assume the form of different animals in the forest. They have merely to touch that animal, and they can assume its form from then on. They become indistinguishable from that animal. 
Fairies that have the power of shifting are extremely fickle. Perhaps remaining in the animal form degrades their intelligence, I’m not sure.”
“Only fairies are changelings?” I asked. Then something Thallium said popped into my mind. “Wait! What about ‘the light within’. Could she be that?” 
Thallium chuckled. “I have the honor of that title, my boy. Better than some I’ve been given.”
I felt kind of stupid. Of course he was ‘the light within’, if I was ‘the light bearer’. The rest were fairly obvious. She had to be the changeling then.
Carla was amazing with animals, she always had been, at least since I’d known her. Her parents owned a pet store, and it seemed like they had just as many animals at home as in their shop. Accordingly, she was a huge animal right activist. Her and a friend had thrown paint on a preppy girl’s fur stole at school. She’d been suspended for it, but the point had been made; Fairview high school was officially a no fur school.
“Hmmm.” Thallium mused. “As far as fairies being the only changlings, they are not. The world in which the Cardinal Ruby was crafted abounds with changlings, which your world calls ‘Were’.”
“You mean like werewolves? You’ve got to be kidding!” I said, as my horse raced across a bridge, the sound of its hooves echoing over the wood slats.
“Does it not make sense that the Were race would create a stone capable of imprisoning their natural enemy, vampires?” Thallium asked. 
I hazarded another bite of jerky, as I thought about it. Thankfully Thallium shut up for awhile and left me in peace to sort it out. 
So many of the magical creatures I’d grown up thinking were pretend, were real, and not the product of an overactive imagination. It was hard to swallow, but ignoring it all wouldn’t make it go away.
 If I wasn’t dreaming, then I had no choice but to believe. That meant magic was real, because I’d seen it for myself. Dwarves and elves were real, also, as were vampires. If my friends and family were in jeopardy and relying on my actions, I didn’t have the luxury of disbelief. When I attempted to put it all in order, I failed miserably.
I gave up and concentrated on staying in my saddle. It seemed as though every question I asked, created ten new ones.
I followed the bobbing purple and red auras ahead of me, as the ancient road crested a mountain pass and began to descend in a series of switchbacks. Guldan slowed our pace slightly for the descent as a light rain began.
“Thallium?”
“Yes, Jake.” Thallium’s ancient voice spoke in my mind, though with quite a bit less strength that it had in the valley.
“Why do I glow a different color than Bronn, Ivy or Guldan?” I asked, trying without much success to stifle a yawn. The rocking motion of the canter threatened to put me to sleep. Despite the harrowing ride, my eyelids felt extraordinarily heavy.
“The color of one’s aura depends entirely upon the area of magic to which they are attuned, my boy. Bronn’s magic is that of the deep earth, of rock and stone. Guldan’s relates to fire, while Ivy’s relates to the mind and body,” Thallium spoke quietly. “Blue is the magic of light, and is the rarest of magics, though purple is a very close second.”
“The high mage of Ceneria was blue,” I stated.
“As am I, or rather, was I,” Thallium informed me. “Nearly all the leaders of the council have been blue.”
“Why?” I asked struggling to keep my horse on its feet. The paving stones used to make the road had become wet and slippery.
Thallium laughed, his chuckling even less audible. 
“The magic of light has little to do with making light, any mage that has a modicum of training can create light. The magic of light has to do with creation itself.”
“Creation, as in God created the heavens and the earth?” I said, blinking furiously to try and keep me eyes open.
“Even so,” Thallium agreed. “It is also called ‘the devine magic’ by some. Most magics manipulate things that already exist. Magic of the light doesn’t require anything more than will and ability.”
I could barely hear his voice now as the rain began to fall harder. Was he saying I could create things? 
“Can blue mages create life?” I asked, wondering just how far the creation thing went.
If Thallium answered me I couldn’t tell. Thunder rolled down over us. Larger drops of water fell down in sheets. The cold water revived me somewhat, and I no longer fought to stay awake. Our horses slid all over the place as flashes of lightning lit up the trees on either side of the road.  

How long it took us to reach the bottom of the mountain I don’t know. Guldan whipped his horse back into a gallop as the road leveled out. The rest of us followed as the darkness began to give way to predawn light. I could make out more details in the trees on either side of the road despite the rain.  
 The pounding rain mixed with furious gusts of wind, driving the large drops sideways into my face beneath my hood as we sped along the road. The speed of my mount added to the raindrops velocity, stinging my lips and eyes. I was cold, wet, tired and miserable. 
My horse was exhausted, its breathing too loud. I could tell it wasn’t doing well and felt horrible asking more of the fatigued animal. I’d read somewhere about a condition horses got when they ran for too long. It did something to their lungs that caused permanent damage. Listening to my horse’s labored breathing, I felt pretty sure it might have that condition. 
It slowed blowing harder and harder, as if unable to catch its breath. I could hear Toby’s horse making similar sounds as we suddenly emerged from the forest onto the killing fields three hundred yards or so from the city of Grimhome. 
Even through the pouring rain I could see that the city wasn’t anything like I’d pictured in my mind. It wasn’t constructed of black and red obsidian like the blood elves buildings in Brighton were. Closing the distance towards the city gates in the predawn light, I could see that the walls surrounding the immense capital city of the blood elves were made from a metallic green stone of a type I’d never seen before. Huge spires and towers of that same strange green hued stone shot up over tall building towards the roiling dark clouds.

Chp. 36

As we approached the city a handful of dark clad guards stepped out of the gatehouse into the storm. Guldan slowed his mount at the last minute before the guards standing in the road. Ivy, Toby and I pulled our mounts to a stop behind him.
“Now!” I heard Guldan shout. “Gligna loth temani bac!”
I didn’t hear what he’d said before that, but the lead guard nodded quickly and gestured to the gates. The other blood elves sprinted into the gatehouse and seconds later the massive gates began to open. The guard Guldan had spoken to bowed low, ignoring the pounding rain. As the gates open enough to let us enter, Guldan spurred his mount forward slipping between the large stone gates and into the city. Ivy, Toby and I followed, our heads down.
We followed Guldan at a fast trot down a wide street. I didn’t dare lift my head and peer out from under my soaked hood, but even with my limited vision I could tell there were few if any dark elves on the street. 
We hadn’t gone but two hundred yards or so when Guldan turned his horse down a narrow street. Stopping before a four-story building, the dark elf jumped from his mount and ran up to the massive wooden doors and opened them.
“Leave them!” he shouted and disappeared inside.
We dismounted. Ivy and Toby looked at me. I nodded and dropped my shuttering horse’s reins to the street and followed Guldan inside.

After Ivy and Toby had entered the building behind me, Guldan shut the door, putting a finger to his lips. The room was large and covered in near darkness. My eyes fought to adjust, but I couldn’t make out anything in the room.
“Grishna!” he shouted, waiting impatiently.
I couldn’t hide my surprise as a few moments later a burning, two-foot tall devilish shape skipped towards us out of the darkness. The creature had a long, hooked nose, pointed ears, and a forked tail. The flames surrounding the creature provided some light in the room.
“Master!” the flame-covered imp cooed, running over to Guldan’s leg and hugging it tightly. “Master is home!”
“Yes Grishna,” Guldan said, rolling his eyes to us. “I am home.”
The imp continued to hold Guldan’s leg tightly. I was surprised the flames surrounding the creature didn’t burn Guldan’s pants.
“Master is nasty wet. Could put out fire if Master isn’t careful,” the imp cried softly.
“Do something about it then. Give me back my leg and go prepare three rooms… oh, and have Demolus report to me in the study,” Guldan ordered.
The imp released his hold on Guldan’s leg and bowed four times in quick succession. 
“Grishna to do Master’s will,” the creature said, and skipped back out of the room like a little girl in a schoolyard.
Guldan put a finger to his lips again, and then gestured for us to follow him. None of us said anything as we followed Guldan out of the darkened receiving room and down an equally dark hallway to some stairs. We climbed the stairs behind the light-footed elf and emerged onto a landing before a large metal door made of brass. Guldan passed his hand several times over the door and the lock made a clicking sound.
Opening the door, Guldan gestured for us to enter before him. I instinctively stepped in front of Ivy as we filed into a large darkened study, filled to overflowing with all sorts of items I couldn’t quite see. Guldan followed us into the room and walked over to a curtain, yanking it open. Dim, overcast, dawn light spilled into the room. The biggest desk I’d ever seen sat against the far wall beneath a tapestry depicting a battle of some sort. If I hadn’t known this was a different world, I would have sworn that Peter Paul Rubens had designed the tapestry.
My parents had taken me to an exhibit featuring his artwork last year when we’d visited New York City. Mother had explained that during Rubens’ day fat women were considered beautiful. I remember dad snorting his barely contained laughter at the idea. Mom had made a convincing argument that today’s fashion featured women that were so skinny as to be just as unhealthy as some of Rubens’s overweight subjects.
Some of the women in his paintings were obscenely obese, while others looked more like female power lifters. I figured Rubens had to paint them that way because he put them beside such powerfully built men.
The tapestry behind the desk had such men and women riding overly muscled horses entwined in battle on a cliff against a dragon. It was breathtaking. I stared at it as Ivy slid her hand into mine and studied it with me in silence. Guldan noticed our gaze and came alongside us to look at the tapestry.
“It’s my favorite. I had it commissioned while visiting Antwerp in 1638. I was visiting your world to help Sir Nisbet with a problem in France pertaining to some religious relics he was guarding with the help Cardinal Amand, err… Richelieu he was called,” he said admiring his tapestry.
I blinked in amazement. Guldan had been to France? He and Sir Nisbet knew Cardinal Richelieu?  “The Three Musketeers” was one of my favorite books. 
“Seriously? You’ve been to our world?” 
Guldan shrugged as if it was of no importance. 
“Many times.”
“And you knew Cardinal Richelieu?”
“Indeed, a brilliant man. Not in the same league with Sir James mind you, but more of a conceptual thinker than most,” Guldan said, walking around to the other side of the massive desk. He sat down looking around us towards the door.
“Brilliant?” I asked shocked, hardly believing my ears. Cardinal Richelieu was a scheming bad guy in “The Three Musketeers”.
“Quite, Sir Nisbet was living in France guarding relics for the Knights Templar.” Guldan said, impatiently peering around us towards the door. “The relics were in danger because France was a feudal country at the time ruled by power hungry, princes, dukes and petty tyrants that used religious differences as a means of controlling their people. France had a King of course, but his authority was extremely limited, that is, until Sir James and the Cardinal formulated a plan to consolidate the King’s power. France would still be fifty or more feuding states if it were not for Cardinal Richelieu and Sir James.” 
It’s difficult to have your perceptions turned on their ear by new information. Alexander Dumas obviously had an axe to grind regarding Cardinal Richelieu, and his popular book had succeeded in tainting the general perceptions of millions of people concerning the ‘infamous’ cardinal.
“Wow,” was all I could say.
“Indeed. Find a seat, young ones. Don’t touch anything please,” he said looking over at Toby who was standing next to a large table piled high with books, weapons, and contraptions of various kinds.
Toby put down a golden globe. 
“Sorry, thought maybe I could see some differences between our world and this one.”
“They are different, but that is a copy of a globe from your world, not this one,” Guldan sighed.
“Oh.” Toby said shrugging. He shuffled painfully over to a throne-like chair upholstered in red velvet and sat down gingerly. Ivy and I found a couch and careful pushed aside various items so we could sit down.

A knocking sounded at the door.
“Come!” Guldan shouted.
I looked towards the door wondering what on earth would walk through. After seeing the tiny demon, Demolus could have been anything. As the door opened a thin, old man walked through, his keen eyes noting each one of us in turn.
The old man walked to the front of the desk and silently regarded Guldan.
Guldan opened a drawer of his desk and withdrew a pouch. Weighing it for a moment in his hand, he threw it to the old man who caught it surprisingly easy.
“Your service to me is concluded, Demolus. It is likely that by nightfall this manse will be the property of another, so take what you will, but I recommend traveling lightly as Zildain is certain to send someone after you. Go south and make your way to coast like we planned.”
“It is started, then,” the old man said, tucking the pouch into his tunic. “I have completed several new smoke bombs in your absence. Like the others, they will trigger when heated by a flame. Good luck Sir.”
“We’ll need it,” Guldan said, tilting his head to the skinny old man. Demolus return the gesture and the left the room.
The unflappable elf sat back in his chair and put his feet up on the table after Demolus had gone. Ivy sniffled and looked away. I could see she was holding back tears. Guldan took a deep breath and let it out slowly.
“Don’t waste your energy reading my mind anymore magi. You will need all of your strength if we are to get into the Demon’s chamber.”
“Couldn’t you just tell him you loved him? You’ve known him since he was ten years old. Would it have been so difficult to show him that kindness?” Ivy sputtered as tears began to fall freely down her cheeks.
“You read his mind as well, I’m sure. He knows how I feel,” Guldan said casually.
“Yes, he knows.” Ivy cried softly. “That is not quite the same thing as hearing it though, is it?”
“Never the less, it is done,” Guldan sighed. “On to the business at hand, capturing the Demon. Since the success or failure of this quest appears to hinge upon you, young immortal, it must be you who decides where we go from here. There are many options, all fraught with danger, but one option in particular I have been preparing for, for quite some time. Would you hear about it?”
 “I’m listening,” Toby said stifling a yawn.
I nodded.
Guldan smiled complacently and ran a pale hand through his jet black hair. 
“When the blood elves discovered the fissure within the earth where the Demon was bound by the magic of the fairies, they built a building over it called The Cathedral of Sacrifices. Over several millennia they excavated beneath the Cathedral creating a labyrinth of passages and halls that lead down to a chamber where the actual fissure can be seen. It is in that chamber that they bathe in the blood of their first-born and dismember their prisoners to fed the Demon’s hunger, and augment its power. It is in that chamber where we will find and trap the Demon. 
“The Cathedral itself has only one entrance from the street and it’s very well guarded, but there is another way in. The city of Grimhome was built around the Cathedral with the Imperial Castle resting against it’s northern side. Prisoners to be sacrificed in the chamber are brought there by way of the dungeon under the Imperial Castle. 
“I’ve prepared a tunnel that leads to the dungeon under Zildain’s Castle. It will take about forty-five minutes or so to get there once we’ve entered the tunnel. It should take another twenty minutes to make our way down to the lowest level of the dungeon… if we’re not bothered,” Guldan said, looking pointedly at Ivy. “Once there, we find the tunnel that the priests and priestesses use to bring in the prisoners to be sacrificed. We find the passage, we use it to get in, trap the demon, and get back to the dungeon as quickly as possible. Add maybe an hour if we don’t raise an alarm. If we’re lucky, the whole thing will take a little over four hours.”
Guldan regarded me, his dark eyes penetrating. The smile he gave me sent shivers down my spine.
“Do you have any objections?”
I swallowed nervously, but somehow the plan sounded right to me.
“When do we leave?” I asked, trying to keep the fear coursing through me out of my tired voice.
“After lunch. We all need to get some rest; it won’t do to be fighting exhaustion if we’re to achieve what lies ahead. We’ll be fleeing for our lives once the sun sets regardless.”
“How so?” Toby asked, fighting to hold back another yawn unsuccessfully.
“The chamber is the point in this world where the Demon’s hold is the strongest, giant. Once darkness falls, and the ceremonies in the Cathedral of Sacrifices begin, they will undoubtedly know their God is gone,” Guldan said. “The timing therefore is crucial. We need to be outside the gates before they find out and order them closed, but not before the sun goes down. I’m well known as the King’s Champion. If I’m seen out in the daylight it could cause problems we don’t need.”
“What happens if we don’t make it in time?” Ivy asked, putting her hand in mine. I could tell she was frightened too and squeezed her hand reassuringly.
“Regardless of the timing of our exit I’ve prepared a distraction, that may aid us in getting through the gates,” Guldan said shrugging, as if it were of no consequence. “As soon as…”
The door opened and the flame-covered imp entered the room, skipping through the piles of stuff to stand before the desk.
“The rooms are ready, Master. Demolus had Grishna put nasty human food in them too,” the blazing imp said, bobbing up and down in excitement. He looked at Ivy and I. “The human slaves smell Master. They will smell up the pretty rooms. Would you like Grishna to clean them?”
I had no idea how the imp would do that, but I imagined it would be quite painful.
“No Grisha, I will be sending them out at noon,” Guldan said folding his arms in front of his chest. “ I have a mission for you as well. If you complete it, I will set you free.”
The imp’s fire turned blue for a moment and it did several flips. The demonic creature seemed unable to control itself it was so happy.
“Master is serious? Oh master, please, please tell Grishna what it is!” the imp simpered.
“You will take a bag I have to the Cathedral of Sacrifices and bring it to high priest Zelnik’s study. Set it next to the gilded bookcase I gave him. When the sun goes down, you will set it on fire. Once the bag is on fire you are free to return to your home in the abyss.” 
“Master is so kind to Grishna, letting him burn something and go home. Thank you Master,” the imp said dancing and flipping.
“Now go make sure the boiler is hot. I desire a warm bath. I’ll give you the bag and send you on your way when I’m finished,” Guldan said, pointing towards the door.
“Yes Master!” the imp cried out, unable to contain itself and then turned and skipped out of the room.
Toby laughed. 
“The diversion?”
“Indeed. That fact I loathe Zelnik has little to do with it,” Guldan smiled evilly.


Chp. 37

Guldan showed us to our rooms. I looked around in amazement at the incredible wealth contained in the manse as we made our way through it. My room was opulent in the extreme sense of the word. Every piece of furniture in the room was gilded in gold. The paintings on the walls were rich, with colors so deep I could hardly believe they were made with paint. They were exquisite. 
I walked over to a doorway and found a very modern bathroom complete with a toilet and a glass enclosed shower much like I would have found at home. There was a real mirror above the bathroom counter as well. I walked in and undressed.
The shower felt amazing. I stood beneath the hot water and emptied my mind as I washed my body with real soap and cleaned my hair with actual shampoo. I didn’t want to get out of the shower it felt so wonderful. But I did, eventually, and gathering my clothes and sword belt, returned to the bedroom. I lay down on top of the comfortable bed for a moment naked, remembering my own bedroom at home. It seemed like years since I’d slept in my own bed. As I lay there I pictured my room and all my familiar things: the posters, my fish tank.

It was all I could do not to scream when Grishna woke me up, the bug-eyed Imp’s nose inches away from my own.  One of his flaming hands sat on my upper chest, painfully hot. 
“Master says wake the slaves, so I wakes them. I really wants to burn them,” Grishna said. His breath smelled like burnt hair and rot.
I sat up so I could breath and pushed his three-fingered hand off my chest. 
“I don’t think Master will be pleased if I burn, but if I burned I couldn’t be punished for turning you into a little girl with pigtails.”
Grishna’s bug eyes got even larger and he stepped back looking at me with fear. I took advantage of his fear and got off the bed gathering my clothing and weapons. He skipped back towards the door.
“You is blue. Blue mage not give me a pig’s tail, Grishna likes his own tail. I not burn Master’s slave. I has mission for Master, then I is free. You not be free for long time, Grishna thinks,” the burning imp laughed and left.
I looked down at my watch in reflex. It hadn’t worked for over a week and still read 4:30. I thought about taking it off, but decided against it as I put on the cold leather pants. I was going to look down at it someday and find it telling the correct time more than just twice a day.

I was finished dressing and adjusting Gwensorloth’s scabbard when Guldan walked in followed by Toby who was moving much better.
“I don’t agree,” Toby said, his voice showing the anger he obviously was feeling. “I can help!”
“Perhaps, Giant, but I need someone here to make sure our escape route isn’t compromised,” Guldan said.
“That’s bullshit,” Toby swore, folding his arms over his broad chest.
“How colorful of you,” Guldan said, rolling his eyes. “If the manse is attacked, fall back to the tunnel. Take Bronn’s hammer and seal the entrance. A couple of taps on the walls should do it. Just don’t bury yourself.”
“Don’t kill my friends,” Toby said in a tone that suggested violence.
The handsome elf looked at the ceiling, in consternation. 
“I won’t Guardian,” Guldan said.
I finished adjusting my belt and followed them out of my room and down the hallway in time to see Grisna run out of Ivy’s room holding his long nose in pain. Ivy appeared right behind him wagging her finger at him.
“Hands off!” she shouted at the imp, who ran screaming down the hallway.
It was comical and made me smile until I saw a smoldering three-fingered hand print on the bottom of her leather pants. Ivy brushed at the smoking pants then turned and saw us staring at her.
“It’s not funny!” she said, but a smile tugged at the corners of her mouth.
“My apologies mage,” Guldan said chuckling.
Ivy shook out her wavy hair and then pulled it back into a tight ponytail.
“If you’re all ready then, let’s make our way down to the tunnel and get started,” Guldan said, heading down the stairs.

The basement was filled with expensive looking junk and was nearly impossible to walk through. Guldan moved aside a crate exposing a ladder going down into the darkness. The pale elf waved his hand in a circle and made a fist, then slowly released it. Cradled in his palm was a shimmering ball of red flame. He blew on the flame and the fiery ball lifted out of his hand and moved over his head, hanging there motionlessly. Nodding with satisfaction, Guldan climbed down the ladder. The ball of flame followed him down the ladder lighting the darkness below.
Ivy followed him down the ladder. Toby clapped me on the back.
“Take care, bud. I won’t be there to watch your back,” he said grimacing.
“You are watching it, Tob,” I said with a wink. “If we’re not back in four hours, get the hell out of here. Go back to Carla and get out of this world.”
“Sorry, bud,” Toby said, shaking his head. “No can do. If you’re not back in four hours or less, I’m coming in after you. Now hurry up, you’re wasting time!”
At that moment, I knew something for sure that I’d known all along. Toby was my guardian. He would do exactly as he said, regardless of the outcome, regardless of the fact it could cost him his life.
I felt a surge of emotion and nodded offering him my hand. He took it in his overly large mitt, and we shook hands. It was a promise to see each other again. I did my best to give him a reassuring smile and then climbed down the wooden ladder into the red-lit passage.


Chp. 38

I stepped off of the bottom rung of the ladder and looked around, immediately impressed. The tunnel was at least eight-feet tall and maybe five-feet wide. It had been professionally carved into the greenish red granite rock.
“When you said ‘tunnel’ I was expecting to have to crawl,” I said, taking a deep breath of stale air.
“Demolus and I have been preparing for this passage for sixty years,” Guldan said admiring their work. “We had plenty of time to do it right.”
“Thanks, I hate small spaces.”
“Right, lets go.”

Guldan waved his hand and the ball of flame hovering above his head sped off down the tunnel lighting our way. Nodding at us both, he set off jogging down the tunnel, followed by Ivy, then me. Our respective auras lit the stone around us peeling back the darkness as we ran after the whirling ball of flame. The sound of our leather boots against the smooth floor echoed softly through the tunnel. 
I settled into an easy jog and concentrated on my breathing. I hated tight spaces. Sometimes when I was trapped for too long beneath a pile of tacklers in football, I would feel panic setting in. Despite it’s size, this tunnel had me feeling much the same way. I found myself concentrating on Ivy’s softly glowing form as she jogging behind the vampiric elf.
Ivy had never gone out for any athletics, but that wasn’t because she wasn’t an athlete. I could tell from the way she ran, from the way she kept her arms tucked and lengthened her stride to keep up with Guldan that she had excellent control of her body. 
She had told me once how she didn’t like competing because she didn’t like how beating someone at something made her feel. I didn’t really think about winning that way. I didn’t do it to beat someone, or take away his or her self-respect. I had tried unsuccessfully to explain that athletics wasn’t really about winning or losing, but about the joy of competition itself. She didn’t agree, but I respected her for her opinion. She was so nice to everyone I could see how it could go against her nature.
The cool thing about Ivy was everything didn’t have to be her way. She respected me for my opinions, even if they were different from her own. She rooted for me at the games, as well as at home when she was sleeping, apparently. As I ran behind her, I found myself wondering if I’d ever get to see her nightie with my name and number on it again.

We caught up to Guldan’s ball and stopped near a solid-looking wall. The spinning ball of flame vanished with a wave of his hand. Guldan put a finger to his lips and pressed a stone near the top of the wall. The stone moved inward and the wall shifted silently to the side an inch. 
The dark haired elf peered through the gap for a moment. My heart rate picked up quite a bit as Ivy and I stood catching our breath, waiting. Guldan gently pushed the wall open wider and squeezed through the gap motioning us to follow. Ivy squeezed through, under different circumstances I would have been more affected by how the size of her chest caused her difficulty getting through, but I was too frightened to pay more than fleeting attention to it.
As soon as she was through, I pressed myself into the gap and stepped into a pitch-black room. Our auras seemed unreasonably bright, lighting various crates and boxes nearby.
“Storage room,” Guldan whispered, shutting the secret doorway into his tunnel. “Pull your hoods low. Magi turn any guard’s minds towards boredom and compliance to my commands if you can. Don’t give Jake the ruby until we make it to the chamber. Ready?”
Ivy and I nodded and pulled our hoods low over our faces.
We followed Guldan through the storage room to a door. Nodding, Guldan opened the door revealing a wide, torch-lit hallway. He stepped out into the hall as if he had every reason to be there. Ivy and I followed, keeping our heads slightly bowed. 
The ceiling of the hallway was darkened with soot from the torches, as were the walls above our heads. An acrid, nauseating smell assaulted my nostrils. I fought to keep from gagging on the unhealthy odor. The air was stale, and smelled of smoke, rot and feces. Sounds of whimpering mixed in with an occasional agonized scream somewhere ahead.
Guldan strode forward down the torch-lit hall. I concentrated on breathing through my mouth so the smell wouldn’t affect me so badly as I followed him and Ivy. At the end of the hallway a wide circular, stone staircase wound downwards. 
As we reached the stairwell the echo of voices coming up the stairs from below greeted us. My desire to flee the opposite direction nearly overwhelmed me. Guldan hesitated for a moment, turning to face Ivy and me; he pressed a finger to his lips again. 
“The imps will devour him slowly for delaying me!” he said loudly, heading downward towards the voices.
My heart felt like it would explode out of my chest as I followed him down the stairs. Each step brought us closer to the smell that threatened to make me throw up. We had gone no more than twenty feet down when a group of dark clothed blood elves appeared on the stairs below us dragging a man covered in his own blood.
Guldan pointed at one of them never slowing his decent.
“You!” Guldan yelling, “who ordered this wretched human out of his cell?”
The group stopped and the dark elf Guldan had addressed bowed low, and then stepped forward.
“Lord High Executioner Zelnik commanded us to bring the prisoner to his…” the blood elf began, then blinked and shook his head as if his thoughts had left him. “What is your command Lord Guldan.”
“Lord Guldan!” said two of the elves in surprise and fear.
“Indeed, I have just come from dinner with Lord Zelnik. He asked me to see if I might be able to burn the truth out of one of his prisoners. This must be him.” Guldan said with command. “Who has been responsible for his torture thus far?”
Another of the blood elves stepped forward and bowed differentially to Guldan. The look he gave Guldan betrayed his bow of respect. 
“What have you learned so far?” Guldan asked.
Despite Guldan’s commanding presence I could see he was agitated. There was an eminent threat to his posture and his right hand toyed with the hilt of his sword.
What was going on? 
“Nothing, my lord. He won’t talk,” the dark elf said.
“I see,” Guldan growled. “Take him back down to his cell.”
The elf responsible for the torture shook his head. 
“We have orders from the high...”
It happened so quickly I barely had time to register it. Guldan’s arm moved with lightning speed and deadly precision in an arch before him. The elf who had done the torture on the bloody man wore a surprised expression. His body began to quiver and then reeled sideways as his head toppled off onto the stairs. A fountain of blood painted the ceiling and wall crimson.
“Anyone else care to challenge my authority?” Guldan growled.
“No mi lord!” said the dark elves almost in unison.
“Then get moving,” he ordered. “One of you drag this Pla’Arg to the hell hound pits. Put his head in with the pups for sport.”
“Yes mi lord,” one of the blood elves replied moving to the side.
The four remaining elves turned and dragged the listless, bloodied human back down the steps. We followed behind them. Guldan spared a glance back at Ivy who nodded at his unspoken question. It seemed pretty obvious she had something to do with the dark elves’ compliance.
The stairs spiraled downwards past several wide landings that branched off into one or more passages. Dark elf guards on the landings looked at us curiously but didn’t say anything as we descended past them into the bowels of the dungeon. The cries and agonized screams grew louder as we made our way deeper. The reek became more and more overwhelming as well. 
The stairs emptied into a darkly lit, cell-lined hallway extending off to the left and right. Nasty, roughly cast, black metal bars made up the front of the cubicles. The cells nearest the stairs appeared to be empty, but I couldn’t see how far back the cells extended into the darkness. 
The dark elves we followed turned right. The wide dungeon hallway was far from empty and appeared to be the main thoroughfare through the bottom most section of the dungeon. Raggedly dressed and bloodied slaves pulled small carts under the direction of overseers wielding whips and other cruelly employed weapons. The vicious cracking of leather biting into flesh brought forth some of the cries I’d probably heard from above.
Bored-looking dark elves stood before some cells guarding whatever was being held behind the cruelly fashioned black bars. As we made our way down the nightmarish hallway, the guards recognized Guldan and bowed to him when we passed. Near the end of the hallway the blood elves we followed stopped before a cell.
“Clean him up. Get him some food and bind his wounds,” Guldan ordered. “I will be back to get the information Zelnik wants shortly. See that he talks to no one. Do I make myself clear?”
The dark elves nodded fearfully.
“If upon my return I do not find all is as I have asked, you will find yourselves begging for a quick death.”
“It will be as you have ordered mi lord,” said one of the elves bowing low.
“See that it is,” Guldan said, calling a ball of flame forth in the palm of his hand. With another wave he set the spinning ball above the cell door where it hung suspended in the air.

Guldan turned away from the cell, and we continued to the end of the hallway and started down some stairs. When we were out of earshot Ivy whispered to Guldan so quietly I could barely hear.
“They’re frightened, angry and suspicious, but are going to do as you ask.”
“Good, that’s normal for them,” Guldan responded, quickening his pace down the stairs.
“Not that I would leave anyone down in this hell hole, but why him and not any of the others?” I asked. 
“That’s Demolus’s son,” Ivy whispered sadly. “How…”
“I know not Magi!” Guldan interrupted angrily. “He is supposed to be with his mother in a village to the south. I will not leave him to Zelnik’s ministries if it can be helped.”
Now it made sense. 
“We’ll get him on our way back if possible,” Guldan growled. “But only if he’s capable of moving quickly. The mission is all that matters.”


Chp. 39

The stairs ended in a large circular chamber filled with various implements of torture hanging from the curved wall. Dried blood coated several thick, wooden chairs sitting in a row in the center of the torture chamber next to a large crudely made cage. A dozen or more chains hung suspended from the ceiling dangling down like spider webs above the bloodstained floor. The sense of evil in the chamber was tangible. I found myself holding my breath as we made our way over the sticky tiles to the dark elves guarding the passage on the far side of the horrid room.
“Hold,” one of the guards said drawing his wicked looking sword and stepping in front of the tunnel.
“You dare draw your weapon on the King’s Champion?” Guldan asked drawing his own blade. “I’ll have your head for this.”
“Mi Lord,” the guard said, taking a step back, eyes wide as he realized who stood in front of him. “No one is to use the passage to the Chamber of Sacrifice unless accompanied by a priest or priestess Lord Guldan. By order of the King.”
Guldan nodded making to sheath his sword, then at the last minute lunged forward quickly piercing the guard’s chest and slicing his heart. The other guard hesitated for a second seeing his companion fall to the floor in a heap. That hesitation cost him his life, as Guldan’s sword opened his throat. He choked, but was unable to call out for assistance and slumped to the floor, his lifeblood pumping out over his tunic.
He struggled for a moment, then was still.
“Quickly, drag the bodies over there,” Guldan said, pointing to a pile of rotting clothing stacked against a wall.
I grabbed the first dark elf’s leg without thinking about it, and dragged him over to the pile. Guldan, carrying the second dark elf, joined me after a second. We piled the smelly rags on top of the two bodies and returned to the entrance to the passageway.
“Hurry, we have to complete this part of our plan quickly. If their replacements arrive and find them missing the alarm will be raised.”
Saying this Guldan sprinted off down the torch-lit passage. Ivy and I ran behind him. My heart was pounding with fear, waiting unreasonably for an alarm to sound behind me. Even as the wrongness I had felt in the torture chamber faded behind me, a malevolent, sickening presence assaulted me from the front as we ran towards the Chamber of Sacrifices. The weight of the evil we ran towards pressed against my chest, growing with each step. My breathing grew more and more restricted. 
Ivy began to slow. I could hear her whimpering beneath her hood.
“I can’t!” she sobbed, stopping. She bent over and held herself tightly.
I reached out and placed a hand on her shoulder.
Guldan stopped and turned back towards her. 
“Worry not little mage,” he said more kindly than I’d heard him speak since we’d met. “It’s time. Give Jake the stone.”
Ivy nodded and reached into her tan leather pants. A moment later she withdrew the egg sized red stone. Needles of heat lanced into the palm of my hand as I took it from her.
“Stay here Lady Ivy.” Guldan soothed. “We’ll be back for you shortly. Come Immortal, lets finish this.”
I shook my head , looking at Ivy. Tears were flowing down her face.
“Go Dearheart!” Ivy pleaded. “Hurry back to me.”
“I can’t leave you!”
“You must!”
Guldan grabbed my shoulder roughly pulling me around so he could stare into my eyes.
“If you stop now all is lost and she will endure a fate much worse than death, we all will!”
“Go Dear Heart!” Ivy sobbed.
I took a deep breath and gave Ivy a quick kiss on the cheek, then turned and followed Guldan. 

Leaving Ivy behind was the most difficult thing I’d ever had to do in my life. Doing my best to keep up with the sprinting elf, I was bombarded with images of her being swarmed over by malevolent blood elves and their hideous swords. The horrible thoughts and the overwhelming need I felt to get back to Ivy as soon as possible gave me purpose as Guldan and I ran down the empty, torch lit corridor towards the Demon’s chamber. 
The palpable presence of evil continued to grow with every step, squeezing my chest like a vise. My breath became even more ragged, and I had to slow my pace. It hadn’t been more than a couple of hundred yards since I had abandoned Ivy, but it felt as if I’d been running for miles. I tried to draw in enough breath to tell Guldan to slow down, but realized I didn’t have too. Guldan’s normally light footfalls had become heavy and exaggerated. I could hear his labored breathing as he struggled to keep moving forward.
After another fifty feet I had to stop and fight for breath. The heat of the stone in my hand, had grow into a molten fire that throbbed with each rapid heartbeat in my chest. In front of me, Guldan lurched to the side and stumbled into the wall of the corridor nearly collapsing.
“I fail,” he choked, falling to a knee, grabbing at his chest as if he was having a heart attack. “Go! You must… trap the demon, nothing else matters.”
I tried to nod, but my senses were reeling. Groaning aloud, I staggered forward past the wheezing elf, my heart threatening to explode out of my chest. The obscene pain in my left hand radiated up my arm constricting my chest. An oddly detached part of me wondered if I was having a heart attack too.
Wave after wave of hatred and malice pulsed through me from the passage ahead growing in intensity with each shambling step I took. I stumbled drunkenly to the side reaching out for the wall, overwhelmed with sudden nausea. My fingers grasped at the cold stone surface only a moment before my stomach heaved, and its contents sprayed out of my mouth and nose showering the dark stone floor with my last meal. I groaned, unable to summon the energy to wipe the vomit off of my face, and staggered past the slippery puddle, continuing towards the Chamber of Sacrifices using the wall to help keep me upright. My stomach continued to clench and unclench, but I had nothing left to throw up. I knew if I turned and fled, the pain, pressure and revulsion would subside, but I couldn’t stop. 
Without warning my stomach muscles suddenly cramped so intensely that I tripped, falling forward hard onto the smooth stone flooring of the dismal passageway. As I lay there in a fetal position, unable to breath, images of the families sitting on the grass in the main square before the beautiful fountain in Lockewood flashed before my eyes. Their happy faces dared me to leave them to the horror that awaited them if I failed to stop the Demon from releasing the underworld spawn on their city.
I took a shuddering breath and painfully rolled to my hands and knees. They would all die if I gave up now. With a supreme effort I somehow managed to lurch to my feet, leaning against the wall of the passage with my right shoulder. I could see stairs leading upward thirty or fourty feet ahead.
“Make it to the stairs!” I challenging myself aloud. “Just to the stairs.”
With all of the will I possessed I forced myself to put one foot in front of the other. My legs were shaking, powerless, and barely obedient to my instructions when the first vision hit me.

My parents screamed something at me. I couldn’t tell what it was they were saying. I couldn’t move or speak. I was frozen in place as they started to melt. Their faces boiled, sagging as they screamed in utter, agonizing, soul consuming pain. I watched in horror as their skin started to slough off in chunks revealing the tissues and organs beneath.
 It wasn’t real! It couldn’t be them. They weren’t here. I was a world away.

Ivy screamed out a throaty, lust filled sound that echoed off the walls of the passage. She was rocking frantically in the arms of my best friend, Toby, who laughed and smiled at me, his naked body straining with hers. I shook my head trying to shake the image away, but couldn’t.
“Your not real!” I heard myself scream ,and the vision evaporated.
In the instant before the next vision took me I became aware of the pain in my left hand. The stone. I focused on the excruciating pain…

Guldan stepped back from me his dagger bright red with my blood. I looked down at the redness spreading down the front of my shirt. The pain wasn’t coming from where he’d stabbed me, but from my hand. Why was… 

The vision shattered, and I staggered forward to the base of the stairs, gasping for breath. Black spots winked in and out of view as my vision swam and unconsciousness threatened to take me. Not knowing what else to do I squeezed the white hot stone more tightly in my fist and concentrated on the overwhelming pain. My vision cleared slightly, and I drew a shuttering breath and let it out in a growl. I could not fail! I couldn’t let this beat me. I’d crawl if I had too.
“Please God!” I groaned, letting myself fall forward onto the stairway as waves of malevolent hatred slammed against me, threatening to unhinge my mind. I barely felt my knees smash against the stone. The horror before me was palpable.
“It’s too much for you my son,” Thallium’s voice said in that grandfatherly way of his. “Drop the ruby and get out of here while you still can. Don’t worry, we’ll figure something out.”
“Is that all you got Demon!” I screamed back at the voice.

Crawling up the stairs on my hands and knees, something inside me urged me to start gathering magic. I tried, but couldn’t concentrate, the horror before me overwhelming my ability to focus. A part of me knew my mind was shutting down. I reached out again. There it was, the barest whisper of magic. My hand suddenly burst into flames, but I ignored it. I couldn’t feel anything more than a slight trickle of magic as I collapsed once more onto my stomach. Closing my eyes, I listened to my pounding heart and willed the trickle to become a stream. The oppressive weight of revulsion and malevolence crashing against me eased slightly as magic began to flow into me more steadily. The relief wasn’t complete, but it allowed me to take a couple of deep, shuddering breaths. Steeling myself against what was to come, I gritted my teeth together and scrambled painfully up the last three stairs and rolled into a huge, dimly lit room.
The weight of evil doubled, smashing me to the bloody floor tiles, taking away whatever breath I had left in my lungs. My intuition screamed at me to take in more magic as my body spasmed. I didn’t have any time to spare. I closed my eyes, forehead pressed to the tile floor and willed the stream to become a flood, fighting to remain conscious. 
My skin began to prickle with energy, then burn. I managed to open my eyes just before my body ignited in blue flame.  I needed to release it before the rest of my body matched the charred hand somehow still holding the Cardinal Ruby, but I couldn’t. My face suddenly smashed against the floor as I locked up in an agonizing, full-body cramp.
Beyond the all-consuming pain, I felt Cardinal Ruby begin to pulse in my ruined hand. 
“Release the magic!” came an almost imperceptible thought. It needs to be captured. Countless lives depend on it!”
My vision swam before me as I stared looked at the glowing ruby in my destroyed hand. I didn’t have long. I could feel myself about to lose consciousness.
“Now!” the voice cried out.
I thought of all the pain and suffering caused by the demon and it’s minions throughout the millennia as my vision began to fade. Millions of voices wailed for me to end the Demon’s reign.
“No more!” I whimpered and willed the magic into the stone.
I watched in morbid fascination as red light from the ruby in my hand grew and grew. The ruby pulled the magic out of me, faster and faster, slowly extinguishing the blue flames. The pulsing grew to a pounding. I cried out in agony, forehead pressed to the floor. 
And suddenly, it all stopped.
 
I drew shuttering breaths into my burning lungs as I lay there trying to remain conscious. I wept as my blood joined the blood of those who had been sacrificed before me. There was no longer a sense of horrible, suffocating evil in the chamber. Opening my eyes, I looked at the ruby, expecting to find my hand completely ruined and instead found it undamaged! The egg shaped ruby glowed softly, but no longer burned my skin.
 I looked around the dimly lit chamber. Aside from a blood-soaked floor and alter it was just another room, if you can say that about a room nearly covered in dried blood.
 I couldn’t believe it. The presence of evil was gone!
I rolled into a sitting position and wiped my face off, willing my breathing to slow. I survived it. I don’t know how, but I was alive and undamaged. 
Gathering my feet beneath me I stood up, tentatively, and found that my legs were answering my commands again. The weakness was gone, though I was shaken to the core of my being. I turned and shuffled slowly over to the stairs and out of the Chamber of Sacrifice. 


Chp. 40

Guldan met me at the bottom of the stairs, a genuine smile lighting his pale, handsome face for the first time since we met.
“It’s done?” he asked laying a hand on my shoulder.
I still felt shaken, but did my best to smiled back as I nodded. Ivy joined us hugging me tightly, tears flowing down her cheeks. Peace and strength flowed into me with her embrace, slowly washing away my exhaustion and clearing some of the horror from my head.
“Put the ruby away,” Guldan suggested. “Let us leave this place at once.”
“Gladly,” was all I managed to say.

We made our way back through the passage from the Chamber of Sacrifice to the dungeon in silence. The torture chamber still reeked of evil deeds, but it was as if the Demon’s departure had stolen the power of the room to cause fear. At first, I just enjoyed the feeling of impotence in the chamber, but a thought tickled my numbed mind.
“I can’t feel it.”
“Feel what?” Ivy asked, looking up at me in fear.
“The presence of evil,” Guldan said looking around the room. “If the blood elves can feel it too, we might be hard pressed to get out of here.”
“That’s… that’s what I was thinking.” I stammered. “They have to know something is wrong…”
“We might need more than the diversion Grishna is about to deliver,” Guldan said rubbing a hand through his long black hair. “Ok, listen closely; nothing matters but getting that stone out of here, Jake! If Lady Ivy or I fall, you can’t stop, do you understand? The stone cannot fall into the hands of the dark elves no matter what happens!”
I didn’t like what Guldan was saying. I was scared out of my mind, but he was asking the impossible.
“I won’t leave either of you behind again,” I said folding my arms in front of me stubbornly. 
Guldan’s face grew angry. 
“You would doom this world, your own, and countless others for the two of us? Being one of the ten immortals doesn’t allow you such selfishness! You’d make the mage’s life and mine utterly meaningless as well as the lives of everyone who ever sacrificed themselves nobly for the greater good.”
I shook my head knowing his harsh words were the truth. I had to get the Cardinal Ruby back to my world or creation would come to an end, at least as we knew it anyway.
“Jake,” Ivy said, her eyes pleading.
“I know Ivy… I know,” I said hanging my head. 
I didn’t have a choice.
Guldan patted my shoulder. 
“It’s not over just yet. Let’s get Demolus’s son and get back to my manse if possible.”

I followed Guldan up the stairway, my legs strong once more, wondering if I could leave them behind again. Could I leave Ivy to save the world? I prayed I wouldn’t have to as we ran into the passage guard’s relief on the stairway.
Gwensorloth was in my hand as Guldan ran one of the two guards through. I slashed the second guard’s hand as he went for his weapon. Gwensorloth’s glowed brightly, lighting the stairwell far better than our combined auras or the torches did. The glowing blade and his partially severed arm shocked the second guard and he failed to call out. Guldan’s blade sliced through his windpipe and he fell down the stairs.
“Quickly now!” Guldan said, sheathing his sword and sprinting up the remaining stairs.

I sheathed my sword and hurried to catch up. The cell-lined hallway we had left Demolus’s son in earlier was crowded with dark elves yelling at each other in confused, angry voices. 
“He’s gone!”
“I cannot feel him either!”
“Thorni sa versi,” shouted one of the blood elves, pointing down the hallway towards the stairs leading to the upper levels.
“Backwater Jinzi! Speak common! I can’t understand your dialect,” another growled, unsheathing his wicked blade.
“The Immortal has come.”

We were right. They were stationed close enough to the fallen angel that they could tell something was wrong when that evil presence had disappeared. Guldan walked up to the group looking down the hall the other way. I could feel Ivy drawing in magic and releasing it, over and over.
“Back to your stations!” Guldan ordered loudly. 
He reached out and the spinning ball of fire he had left suspended above Demolus’s son’s cell flared brightly and then moved back into position over his head. 
The blood elves turned and looked at Guldan.
“Lord Guldan!” one of the blood elves said fearfully recognizing Guldan. He bowed deeply. “I can’t feel our God!. Has the Immortal come?” 
 “We have orders to seal off the level when the Immortal arrives,” said a dark-clad elf. His uniform had several dark red marks on the shoulder. “Would you have us do this?”
 “Indeed, who is in charge of sealing this level?”
“I am my lord,” continued the dark elf.
“Then you will seal it after I leave,” Guldan ordered. “I’ll inform the king and take responsibility for it. Now back to your posts!” 
 The blood elf gestured at the others. 
“You heard the Lord Champion, move!”
Most of the group ran back down the hallway to their posts outside individual cells. 
“Bring me the human!” Guldan ordered, pointing towards the cell.
Two of the remaining blood elves opened the cell and ran inside. Moments later they returned bearing Demolus’s son between them. His face had been cleaned of blood, but it was badly bruised and one of his eyes was closed shut.
“You two, bring him,” Guldan said, pointing at the dark elves holding the badly hurt young man . “I will find out what Zelnik needs from him back at my Manse after I’ve informed the king of what is happening. The rest of you guard those stairs. No one is to enter this hallway from the chamber below. Do you understand?”
They hesitantly drew their weapons and moved towards the stairs behind us.
“Let’s move!”

As we walked down the cell-lined hallway the blood elf in charge of sealing the level walked purposefully beside Guldan. Behind Ivy and I two more dragged Demulos’s semi-conscious son. When we reached the stairs leading to the upper levels, the dark elf stopped and withdrew a glass ball filled with dark liquid from his tunic.
“A moment my lord,” he said addressing Guldan as we started up the stairs. “King Zildian’s orders were specific about allowing anyone to leave. I would not lose my head for disobedience.” 
Guldan nodded. 
“I see. Are you implying that the King’s champion is anyone?” Guldan said resting his hand on the hilt of his quail blade.
 “No mi lord, you are not just anyone,” said the blood elf crushing the glass orb in his hand. I couldn’t help but wince as the jagged shards of glass cut deeply into his palm and fingers. The dark liquid mixed with his blood dripping onto the floor. “You are the traitor of which the prophecies foretold.”
“No!” Ivy shouted.
 He stepped lightly backwards as Guldan drew his blade. A sickly translucent green light formed in front of him from the ceiling to the floor. Guldan was trapped on the other side of the barrier.
“The shields are set and the hounds loosed,” the blood elf cackled insanely, drawing a wicked looking serrated sword from his belt. “The portals will open within minutes. You can run of course, Lord Guldan, but the hounds will come and take you to hell regardless.” 
Guldan looked down at the dark liquid pooled onto the floor, and at the barrier, then back at the blood elf with impotent fury. A slow smile spread across the dark elf’s triumphant face as he turned towards me. 
“We should retreat into a cell, Immortal. Anyone not protected by iron will die.”
Not knowing what else to do I stepped in front of Ivy and drew Gwensorloth. Its light flared brightly in the ruddy light given off by the torches. The two elves supporting Demolus’s son dropped him and drew their swords as well. The young man crumpled to the floor with a groan and lay there unmoving.
 A sudden high-pitched keening came from the hallway to the left where the putrid odor emanated from.
“No?” The dark elf said looking beyond Ivy and I down the torch-lit hallway nervously. “It is no matter, I’ll leave you to the hounds then,” the dark elf said, smiling as he retreated slowly towards an open cell across the hallway. The other two dark elves turned and ran into the cell and slammed it closed before he could get inside. Their leader cursed loudly and sheathing his sword, ran down the hallway away from the horrible keening, towards the next cell.
As the sound of the awful noise drew closer, I turned back towards Guldan who stood on the other side of the barrier enraged.
Ivy wept. 
“I couldn’t get past his guard. I tried. I’m so sorry.”
I put my arm around her and hugged her. My heart was pounding out of control again. I looked at the disgusting green barrier.
“What do we do?” 
“Stand back!” Guldan yelled.
I pulled Ivy away from the nauseating barrier on the stairwell back into the now empty, cell-lined hallway. The dark elf guards that had been posted outside the cells were nowhere to be seen. I glanced down the dim corridor past the iron gated cells in the direction of the awful, unearthly squealing in time to see several huge, flaming shapes round a corner at the far end of the corridor several hundred yards away. 
“They’re coming!” I shouted, pushing Ivy behind me, holding Gwensorloth ready.
A bright crimson flash made me turn my head back towards the stairs. Guldan drew another ball of fire into his hand and threw it at the barrier. The barrier wavered for a moment then solidified.
“Your sword boy!” Guldan shouted. “Stab it with your sword, right after I throw the next fireball. Magi, hit it with some magic at the same time, if you can.”
I ran back to the barrier and readied my sword. Ivy ran over next to me. I could hear the hellhounds growling and the raking of their claws on the stone floor as they sprinted towards us, even as I felt Ivy drawing in magic. Guldan pulled forth a bright red ball of flame from the air into his hand.
“Three, two, one!” Guldan shouted, and threw the fireball. I felt Ivy release her magic, and I stabbed forward with Gwensorloth.
A blinding concussion knocked me head over heels back into the hallway. Ivy landed on top of me, knocking the wind from my lungs. I heard the elves behind the bars laughing.
I looked to my right as my vision cleared. Four massive flame covered wolf-like creatures drooling molten spit were rushing down the hallway towards Ivy and I. I rolled Ivy off of me and lurched to my feet, struggling to breath and settled into my stance, ready to die, but determined to save Ivy. Gwensorloth shone like a miniature sun as I held it between the sprinting hellhounds and Ivy and me.
“It’s down. The barrier is down!” Guldan shouted, pulling Ivy to her feet and pushing her towards the stairs. “GO!”
The hellhounds were fifty yards away their insane growling sending shivers down my spine. 
 “Move!”
I ran across the hallway towards Ivy. Guldan sprinted past me and picked up Demolus’s son in a fireman’s carry. The barrier was still there, but it was light purple in hue now, gone was the sickening revulsion that had emanated from it. Guldan stepped through it followed by Ivy. I took a deep breath and walked through as well. 
For a moment it felt as though I was underwater, then I was on the other side feeling completely refreshed and invigorated.
“What the…”
“I don’t know what she did...” Guldan grinned, “ but I doubt a hellhound can pass through it… pray I’m right. 
Despite having his friend’s wounded son perched over his shoulder, Guldan drew his sword. 
Seconds later the first hound rounded the corner and ran straight into the purple barrier. There was a nasty explosion and the hellhound’s lifelessly burning corpse was thrown across the hallway, through the iron bars of the cell where it exploded into liquid fire. The cell became an inferno of flame. The screams of the two dark elves trapped inside faded as the next hound rounded the corner trying unsuccessfully to stop its forward movement before it reached the barrier on the third step. Another concussion rang out through the dungeon and it too was tossed lifelessly away, but this time to the ceiling where it too exploded into molten flame.
“It holds!” Guldan said. “Lets go!” 

After we’d gone up a handful up steps, Guldan stopped and turned towards Ivy and me. The look on his handsome face frightened me. 
“By the child, this is their trap! That guard said ‘the portals would open in minutes’. If that means what I think it does, then this entire dungeon is about to be filled with hellhounds and their spawn. Run!”
Guldan took off running, encumbered though he was; Ivy and I followed closely behind him. 
As we hurried up the spiral stairs, my mind raced. The entire dungeon was a trap! They had planned for someone to try and get from the dungeon to the Chamber of Sacrifices via the dungeon passage. All they had to do was seal the dungeon once the demon was trapped in the stone, and let the hounds kill us. But did they know about Guldan’s secret entrance? We had to get to it before the portals opened.  
The guards who had been stationed on the first landing were gone. Both of the cell-lined hallways branching out from it were empty as well. Guldan’s curses mixed in with the keening wails of the furious hellhounds trapped behind Ivy’s barrier as we hurried upwards. The second landing was just as the empty as the first. It hadn’t been empty for long, because steam still rose from a cup on the table next to where the guards had been stationed.
Half way up the stairs towards the third landing all hell broke loose around us. The insane keening echoed throughout the entire dungeon no longer just behind us on the stairs. Guldan stopped, panting with exertion.
“The portals must be open. They could come at us from any direction now.” Guldan said, adjusting Demolus’s son’s inert body on his shoulders. “Can you make another shield like the one down below?”
Ivy barely managed a shrug. She was frightened to death.
“When we past the next landing we’ll stop, so you can try. Be ready!”
I looked down at Gwensorloth, it was glowing more brightly with each passing second as we continued up the stairs. The third landing was empty, but the horrible wailing was growing closer. I glanced down one of the corridors and saw multiple sets of flaming bodies rushing towards us.
“They’re here!” I shouted, pointing with my glowing blade.
“Quickly!” Guldan responded. “Get off the landing.”
I could feel Ivy drawing in energy as we crossed the landing and started up the spiral stairwell. Guldan stopped and rolled the unconscious body off of his shoulders and onto the stairs.
“Put it up right here lady Ivy!” he said, pointing behind us with his sword.
Ivy held onto her necklace and extended a hand. I could feel the magic changing as she shaped and bent it to her will. Gwensorloth pulsed white hot in my hands. The horrid slavering and growling grew louder, and a flame covered hellhound skidded to a halt on the landing. Its burning eyes fastened on Ivy, and it bounded towards her faster than any dog or wolf I’d ever seen. I stepped in front of her despite my overwhelming fear and aimed my strike. The burning hound leapt, completely ignoring me, trying to get its massive jaws around Ivy.
I swung Gwensorloth with all of my might. The blade connected with a hiss like a hot piece of metal makes when it is dunked in water and sliced through the beast’s chest cutting it in half. A molten shower sprayed my forearm as the beast liquefied. I heard Ivy scream behind me and forgot about the intense pain, turning to see what had happened. Sizzling debris slid slowly down a light purple shield that extended from the floor to the ceiling on the stairs. Behind the wall Ivy lay on the ground curled into the fetal position glowing dark purple.
“Behind you!” Guldan yelled from where he knelt beside Ivy.
I ducked and rolled painfully across the wide stairs. A large flaming shape passed through the air where I had been and collided with the shield. The concussion knocked me against the wall. I got to my feet and dove through the shield as two more hellhounds leapt towards me.
The cool water-like feeling of the shield bathed my burnt arm as I passed through it falling to the stairs on the other side. Two more concussions sounded. Scrambling to my feet, I rushed over to Ivy. 
“Some of the liquid splashed her as the barrier went up.” Guldan groaned from Ivy’s side. “I tried to shield her Jake.”
I knelt beside her. She had taken most of the burning fluid on the side of her face and shoulder. Her blackened flesh pulsed with purple magic.
“It’s okay Ivy,” I cried, wanting to hold her, but afraid I’d cause her more pain.
“She passed out,” Guldan said gripping my shoulder. “We have to get them out of here!”
I nodded as tears rolled down my cheeks. 
“I’ll carry her,” I said, reaching out to gather her into my arms. It was then that I noticed my arm had been almost fully healed by the shield Ivy had created on the stairs. I stared at it in wonder.
“Look!” I said, showing Guldan my arm. “It’s healed!”
Demolus’s son groaned and got unsteadily to his feet. Guldan’s eyebrow rose as he regarded my arm, and then his friend’s son.
I looked back towards the shield and the two hellhounds pacing back and forth on the other side. We had to get her through the shield, and if that meant attacking molten hounds from the bowels of hell then so be it. A plan formed in my mind.
“Take her through the shield when it’s clear,” I said readying Gwensorloth.
“No!” I heard Guldan shout as I leapt through the barrier and struck one of the hellhounds in the jaw with my sizzling blade.
Gwensorloth sliced through the hellhound’s lower jaw taking it off completely. I let the momentum of my swing pull me back through the barrier as the second hound leapt for my throat. The shield pulsed behind me launching the hound’s lifeless corpse across the landing and into the far wall where it exploded in molten flame.
I paused for only a moment and stepped back through the purple shield, Gwensorloth held low before me. A part of me wondered if Guldan enjoyed watching the defense he had made famous used against the underworld creature. The wounded hellhound gave ground staring at my glowing blade with unveiled hatred, its caustic blood burning pits into the stairs. It lifted it’s massive head to scream out but the sound failed because it had no lower jaw with which to form the sound. I pressed forward and the hellhound backed onto the landing.
“Get her through!” I yelled hoping Guldan was listening.
Another hellhound appeared from one of the corridors that emptied out into the landing before the stairs. I took a quick step back, fear coursing through that small part of me that had felt courage just moments earlier.
“It’s done!” Guldan yelled. “Get back.”
I didn’t need any encouragement and turned, sprinting up the stairs back through the barrier. A concussion sounded just behind me as the second hellhound hit the barrier. Guldan was holding Ivy. Her face and shoulder looked nearly healed, but she was still unconscious and surrounded by the dark purple glow.
“How are you feeling Ivan?” Guldan asked Demolus’s son. The young man nodded but didn’t say anything. 
Guldan’s brow furrowed. 
“How did they capture you?”
The young man opened his mouth and pointed. His tongue was gone. Guldan cursed.
“Jake, get the dagger from my boot and give it to Ivan. Then lead us up the stairs,” the pale immortal said, his eyes darting to mine. “Draw in some magic as well, mine will be ineffective against the hounds. We share the same element, fire.”
I gave Ivan the dagger and told him to watch the rear. He nodded and fell into position behind Guldan as I took the lead. The sound of the earsplitting keening of the hellhounds mixed with the occasional scream from someone unfortunate enough to have met one, echoed through the dungeon sending a constant wave of chills running down my spine. The dungeon’s acoustics made it next to impossible to tell where the hounds were based on sound alone, so I concentrated on my other senses, and of course, Gwensorloth. 
I jogged lightly upwards, Gwensorloth held before me outshining the torches and sconces that lit the stairwell. I told myself that if it wasn’t pulsing, the danger wasn’t imminent. My heart hammered in my chest and sweat threatened to drip into my eyes as I keep moving forward. 
I slowed down as we approached the next landing and tried to see if the tunnel we came through was clear. It looked like it was, and Gwensorloth’s light was consistent, so I continued forward onto the landing. The others joined me as my sword began to pulse, lightly at first, but with growing intensity.
“Their coming!” I said
“I can walk.” Ivy said struggling to get free of Guldan’s grasp. “Let me down please.”
Guldan let her down gently and pointed towards the hallway.
“That way, hurry!” he shouted drawing his quail blade in one hand and supporting Ivy with the other.
The hallway looked deserted, but as I stepped towards it a huge shape stepped out of a doorway at the far end. I stopped, holding Gwensorloth out to meet the new threat.
“It’s your giant friend, now go!” Guldan shouted.
His vision was much better than mine, because I couldn’t tell it was Toby until he passed beneath one of the torches that lit the tunnel. I felt an extraordinary sense of relief seeing my best friend and guardian. I could see he held Bronn’s hammer in his hand. 
We were hurrying down the hallway towards him when I heard Guldan curse loudly and Ivy scream.
I whirled around in time to see Ivan drawing the dagger out of Guldan’s back, behind him the landing at the head of the hallway was filling with hellhounds howling and keening with excitement. Ivan’s eyes glowed strangely, and his face was oddly impassive as he made to plunge the knife into Guldan again. Guldan managed to pivot, and Ivan’s thrust missed its mark. I moved forward and lunged with Gwensorloth, disarming Ivan as Guldan collapsed to the floor. The hellhounds cried out loudly and charged towards us their screams vibrating my eardrums. 
Ivan ignored Ivy and rushed forward to attack me with his bare hands. I sidestepped without thinking about it, and locked his wrist with my left hand turning in a half circle that used Ivan’s momentum against him and sent him flying. The simple kotegaeshi movement put my back to the hounds attacking from the landing. 
Beyond Ivan’s crumpled form I could see Toby dashing towards us, behind him ran two massive hounds bathed in fire. He was extremely fast for a big man and was fond of bragging to me about his four-point-seven second forty-yard dash, but he wasn’t fast enough. I turned back to compare the distance between the hounds rushing towards us from the landing and those pursuing Toby. It looked as though the hellhounds on the landing would reach us first.
I cursed aloud, furious that I had to choose. I felt Ivy draw and release magic. I saw the shield appear in the corridor between the hounds from the landing and us, then pivoted and ran towards Toby. The furious hellhounds were closing rapidly on my friend. 
“Behind you!” I screamed as I sprinted, closing the distance between Toby and me.
The noise in the hallway was deafening. I don’t know if Toby saw me looking past him or heard me, but he stopped and turned around. One of the huge beasts slammed into Toby’s massive chest knocking him off of his feet. I screamed in horror, but the horrible keening of the hellhounds drowned my voice out.
Toby somehow shoved the massive creature off of him and got to his feet, both of his arms and part of his chest covered in flames as the second hellhound leapt for his back. I dove between him and the second hound, aiming a lunge at the base of the horrific animal’s throat. The collision was agonizing. It felt as though someone had pouring burning metal over my shoulder, side and hip. The impact slammed me into the wall of the corridor and I felt Gwensorloth ripped from my grasp as I slumped to the floor.
I looked around dazed by the collision in time to see Toby swing his massive war hammer at the enormous hound attacking him. The ancient weapon caught the flame-shrouded creature in the shoulder and drove through the beast and into the wall. The corridor shuttered with the impact as the hammer connected with stone. A huge section of the wall exploded into the corridor. I knew I needed to get to Toby before I was trapped away from the group, but I couldn’t move as the ceiling completely collapsed between Toby and me. I couldn’t scream, I couldn’t move, I couldn’t do anything but watch helplessly as the corridor filled with rock and debris.


Chp. 41

The pain kept me conscious. Each choking breath brought with it a nearly indescribable throbbing and tasted of dust, burnt flesh and brimstone. I looked around in agony as the dust began to settle and saw the molten red flesh of the hellhound I’d stabbed lying nearby. I groaned and struggled to my feet, leaning against the wall for support. Above me a sputtering torch set into a sconce, lit the hallway. Gwensorloth’s hilt stuck out at an odd angle from the beast’s chest.
My tunic top was destroyed on the right side. Most of it had burnt away along with the skin covering my ribs. The skin of my upper arm and shoulder was charred and dotted with large puss filled blisters. I flexed my arm and was rewarded with a pain so intense that my vision swam, but my arm worked. That was something. A large section of my leather pants on either side of the miraculously unscathed sword belt had burnt away as well, and the skin beneath was much the same as my shoulder and arm. 
I tried to ignore the incredible pain and looked around. The corridor was completely destroyed. I prayed Toby had made it back far enough to escape the collapse. I ran over the ‘cave in’ in my mind and tried to remember the details through the pain. I was pretty sure that I had seen space on the other side, which meant Ivy, Toby and Guldan were probably safe, if being trapped between tons of rock and dozens of horrendous creatures from hell was safe. 
I tried to call out, but coughed instead. My arms and legs began to shake. The dust from the cave had coated my mouth and throat. Each cough lent fire to the intense burning sensation on my exposed ribcage. I struggled to breath, stifling the coughs wracking my body and yelled for Toby and Ivy as loud as I could manage.
The shaking grew worse as I listened for a response on the other side of the collapsed hallway. Each spasm caused the pain from my wounds to flare. I knew I was going into shock as I listened, but ignored it, focusing on my hearing. I couldn’t hear anything but the distant braying of the hounds.
 Needing to do something, I staggered painfully over to the dead hellhound and retrieved Gwensorloth. The blade wasn’t nearly as bright as it had been. I wondered briefly if that meant there was no evil around, or if the enchantment was wearing off. I sheathed the blade and checked my pants pocket. The lump that was the Cardinal ruby was still there. I breathed a momentary sigh of relief.
I looked at the cave in more closely. There was no way I was going to be able to move the massive stones filling the hallway. Even if I managed to, it would probably only bring more of the ceiling down on me. I imagined Toby frantically trying to get through to me and bringing the rest of the ceiling down on him and the others. Hopefully Guldan was still alive and would stop him.
I stared at the cave in helplessly. The rough stones mocked me, but I knew in my heart there was nothing I could do to help them. I cursed my blasted intuition and hoped Thallium heard me. I knew there was no way I was going to be able to find the entrance to the dungeon, get past however many dark elves that were guarding it, and through hundreds if not thousands of hellhounds to free them.
I couldn’t even let them know I was alive. It felt as if the weight of the world had crashed down upon my shoulders with the cave-in. I was alone now. I concentrated on my breathing trying to control the waves of panic that rushed through me in time to the throbbing of my burns. The breathing exercise helped a little bit, as I turned away from the cave in and left my friend’s behind.

It took me awhile to find the spring that tripped the trapdoor on the wall of the storage room, but I eventually found it. As I staggered along the dark tunnel Guldan had constructed with only the blue light of my aura to guide me, I couldn’t stop thinking about my friends. I didn’t try and stop the tears that flowed down my dust-covered cheeks. I had to try and maintain some type of hope for them, but I couldn’t find any. There wasn’t anyway they could escape, and without food or water, they wouldn’t survive long trapped in that hallway between the cave in and Ivy’s shield. I tried to tell myself they would find a storeroom filled with provisions, and that Ivy could keep the shield up indefinitely, but I knew better. I’d never been good at lying, particularly to myself. I was alone. 
The white-hot pain of my wounds turned to a dull throbbing that was manageable as I moved slowly down the tunnel. Maybe it was just that the pain of loss was so much greater than the physical pain, I don’t know. I found the ladder at the end of the tunnel and gingerly climbed up into the basement of Guldan’s Manse.
With the blood elves dungeon sealed off, it would be awhile until they knew Guldan was involved and raided his Manse. So I wasn’t particularly careful as I made my way up through the huge house to the room I’d used earlier. I didn’t see anyone or anything on my way there, and I was nearly beyond caring regardless. I peeled off my dust-covered leather tunic as I entered the room, stifling a cry of pain as the leather slid over my burns, and threw the damaged tunic onto the bed.
I had to wash the burns or they would get infected if that hadn’t already begun. I went into the bathroom and looked in the mirror as I took off my dust-covered sword belt. I was surprised that my burns didn’t look nearly as bad as they had in the debris filled hallway under the torchlight. As I looked more closely, I could see fresh pink skin surrounding the edges of the burn and the blisters had all but faded. Maybe after I had a shower I could tell whether I was really healing or if the dust covering my wounds just made it look that way.
I stepped out of the burnt pants, retrieved the Cardinal Ruby from my pocket and set it on the counter next to the sink before stepping gingerly into the shower. I needed to wash the dust out of my hair and off my skin if I was going to make it out of Grimhome. The wounds throbbed more intensely as the warm water flowed over them, so I turned the warm water down and turned up the cold.
After rinsing the dust off, I grabbed a bar of soap and began to wash. I knew I had to scrub the burns, but decided to save them for last. The cold water was soothing and helped clear my head a bit as the dirt and grime pooled around my feet before going down the drain. I needed Thallium’s help, but I wasn’t very tired and I certainly couldn’t get drunk at the moment. I wished there was another way to get in contact with him, and then I remembered the fairy’s wood. If I could get back to the clearing in the woods, I could get his help and maybe find a way to get my friends out of the dungeon. If he didn’t have any solutions, maybe Bronn or Gill would. I grasped that slight bit of hope and began to wash the wounds.
How I managed not to pass out from the pain I’ll never know. When I finished, I stepped out of the shower panting from the exertion and looked in the mirror again. There was no denying it, I was healing. The pink skin surrounding the wounds had grown larger and the darkened skin was peeling back revealing the raw, healthy skin beneath. I shook my head in wonder, but didn’t question it. If this was one of the perks to Immortality, I was happy to have it.
I left my ruined pants on the floor and grabbing the Cardinal Ruby and my sword, exited the bathroom. I had to figure a way to get out of Grimhome and that started with finding some clothing.  I searched the cabinets and the dresser, but didn’t find anything I could wear so I left the room naked. 
It took me a few minutes to find Guldan’s room. The large master suite was filled with nearly as much exotic junk as his study was. Papers, parchments, books and weapons littered the floor, beside pieces of armor, boxes and crates. Strange machines and globes of liquid were scattered about haphazardly. I stepped around the jumble of debris to a closet and opened it up. Tunics and pants in various colors hung in surprisingly neat order given the condition of the room. I pulled out a handful of black tunics and pairs of pants and made my way over to the satin-covered bed.
I tried on several of pairs of pants until I found one that fit my thighs, though they were a bit short. Finding a tunic top that fit was more difficult. I was much more heavily muscled than the elf. I had to make several trips to the closet before I found a black tunic that I could get over my chest and shoulders. It was extraordinarily painful squeezing into the dark leather top, but I managed it. I found a hooded black cloak easily and then searched for some black boots. Luckily, Guldan and I wore the same size and my only problem became which pair I should pick. I pick a pair that looked worn and put them on.
When I’d finished dressing, I went into his master bath and looked in the mirror. I resembled a bodybuilder who wore clothing two sizes too small to show off his muscles, but it was better than nothing, and did pass for what the blood elves wore. I strapped on my sword belt and pulled the hood of the cloak over my face, stepping back from the mirror. I was impressed. I did look the part, beside the fact I was way too tall.
I left Guldan’s room and went downstairs to the main room. Through the windows on the front of the Manse, I could see that darkness had fallen, and it was raining heavily. How was I going to get out of Grimhome? Had Guldan’s diversion worked? I realized I had no way of knowing and was probably going to need to create a diversion of my own, but first I needed a horse, actually, a couple of horses remembering what Gillian had said. I needed to find Guldan’s stables. 
It took me awhile, but I eventually found a side door that led into the stables. I shook my head in amazement at how tidy and clean they were. Nothing appeared to be out of place. Seven horses were saddled and ready, tied in front of their stalls. I picked the two darkest horses and led them towards a large door leading to the street.  I did my best to adjust the stirrups, pulled the hood of my cloak low, hiding my glowing face, then drew open the doors. 

The rain fell hard on the stone pavement in front of the stable, splashing up knee high, obscuring my vision. I wrapped the cloak around me tightly, hiding my glowing hands. Dark figures ran past, ignoring me as I mounted one of the horses. They were too busy trying to get out of the rain, I guessed. I set my feet in the stirrups and holding the reins of the other horse as a lead, walked them out into the rain. I didn’t bother shutting the doors, under the circumstances, I didn’t think Guldan would mind much.
As I walked the horses down the narrow street I slumped forward in the saddle so I wouldn’t appear too tall and draw any attention. Under my cloak I sweat profusely thinking I’d be challenged at any moment. Peering out from under the baggy hood through the pouring rain, I turned onto the wide boulevard towards the gates we’d entered before dawn. 
I shook my head trying to clear it, peering out from under my hood towards the gate.  I could barely make out a group of figures standing before the gate. I cursed under my breath. There was no way I was going to get through without a distraction of some kind.
An idea popped into my head, and I started gathering in magic, praying it would work. As I got closer to the gates, I watched as they opened up for a group of horsemen and made my decision. Concentrating on a fixed point in the air to the right of the gate, past the wall, I released my will. Magic surged out of me and a blinding white light flared into being. I fed it more magic and it grew. A couple of the horses entering the gate reared, pawing at the air in fear.
“Now, I have to do it, now!” I told myself and kicked my horse into a gallop through the torrential downpour. As my mount surged forward, the reins to the other horse ripped out of my hand, and I felt a tearing in my left shoulder. There was nothing I could do but continue, bending over the horse’s neck further. The gates were still open as horses danced sideways, still frightened by the sudden light. I gathered more magic as my horse thundered towards the gate across the rain-slick paving stones. 
An opening appeared in the confusion, and I made for it, when a panicked horse skipped to the side blocking my way, the dark elf on its back fought to regain control of the beast, as gate guards ran in to assist him. I didn’t slow my horse and braced for impact. At the last second, one of the guards saw me approaching and cried out a warning, then dove out of the way.
My horse slammed into the dark elf’s panicked horse, which slipped on the slick wet road and went down carrying its rider with it. How my horse stayed on it feet I don’t know, but it saved my life. The other rider’s mounts panicked further adding to the confusion. 
Kicking my horse forward, I pressed my way through the crowded gate, releasing more magic under my horse’s hind feet and willing it to become light.  Another brillant radiance burst into being, where my horse had been, flooding the gateway behind me. I heard the cries of elves and horses, as my horse bolted out of the gateway in a dead sprint.
I chanced a look behind me to see if I was being followed and saw a mass of confusion. Slapping my horse on the neck, I allowed myself a grim grin. I was out! All I had to do now was make it to the fairy woods so Thallium could help me figure a way to get Toby, Ivy and Guldan out of the dungeon. It would be okay, or so I told myself.


Chp. 42

When I reached the tree line that marked the end of Grimhome’s killing fields, I reached out and willed the light behind me to stop shining. Hazarding another glance through the downpour behind me, I was pleased to see both of the blinding lights were out. As my horse sprinted into the shelter of the trees, I wondered how long it would take the blood elves to get organized and follow me. They couldn’t know I had escaped from the dungeon with their trapped Demon God, or that I had been in the dungeon at all. They would know someone left their city and had used magic to do it. They’d come after me. The question was how fast? 
I slowed my horse from an all out sprint to a gallop as I started up the slow incline leading into the mountains and the fairy woods beyond. Between the darkness and the rain I couldn’t see the road ahead very well and was forced to slow my mount even further. A sickening thought struck me, sending fear through my ravaged nerves. Guldan had far better vision than me as evidenced by his being able to see Toby in the darkness of the hallways back in the dungeon. What if the blood elves shared his visual ability? They wouldn’t have to slow their mounts to see the road. They would catch me before I reached the top of the pass. I had to press my luck or face possible capture, so I sped back up trusting the horse to stay on the road.
I hadn’t gone very far when the strange light appeared at the corner of my vision again. I didn’t bother looking over at my fairy guard. It felt reassuring to have it back though. Despite the fact I couldn’t talk to it, I knew that the strange feeling of reassurance came from the fact that I wasn’t alone. I didn’t know if the fairy guard was capable of actually helping me if the blood elves caught me, but it didn’t matter.
Thallium had told me the blood elves didn’t go into the fairy woods at night, insinuating that bad things happened to travelers who entered the woods after dusk. I prayed he was right as I urged my horse through the sheets of rain soaking through my clothing. If that was true, all I had to do was make it to the top of the grade and I would be safe.  It had taken a long time to come down from the mountain pass. At first I had thought it would be slower going up hill on a horse, than down hill, but I was wrong. 
Making my way up the grade I realized that a horse’s speed comes mainly from its powerful back legs, which it can’t fully use going downhill, because it applies too much force and weight on the weaker front legs. Going uphill, the force and weight is distributed onto the horse’s rear, which allows the horse to fully use its powerful hind legs.
Still, fighting gravity going uphill had to be exhausting for a horse. Stairs were exhausting for me and I knew it couldn’t be much different for a horse. If the pouring rain helped keep my mount cool and able to run longer, I promised I wouldn’t complain about being cold and wet.
After a couple of hours had gone by, in which my ears had popped several times adjusting to the higher pressure of the mountains, I decided to slow to a stop and give my horse a breather. Dismounting, I bent down and pressed my ear to the wet stone of the roadway. Not surprisingly, I couldn’t hear anything. I imagined Toby laughing at me, and I got up questioning myself about leaving them behind. I led the horse up the road listening to its breathing slow and thinking about my friends. I couldn’t imagine my life without them. Regardless of what happened between Ivy and I romantically, I wasn’t ready to lose her friendship. I had almost come to accept that being immortal, I would someday lose Ivy and Toby to old age, but this quick?
I wanted this crazy dream to end. I didn’t want to live without them, but I knew in my heart that I had made the right decision. They would be furious with me if I had been captured or killed trying to save them and had doomed all of our friends and families. That knowledge wasn’t comforting in the slightest though.
I figured I had ten minutes at the minimum before riders would have been sent after me, so after what I judged to be five minutes I got back on my horse and set off once more up the switchbacks towards the summit.
The fairy light was back with me as I rode upwards. It seemed closer now than it had been and I couldn’t resist the urge to look. Much to my amazement it didn’t disappear, and was joined by another, this one less orange in hue. I nodded at them and returned my attention to the road. After twenty minutes or so, there were a dozen or more of the sparkling lights paralleling my course up the road. My level of anxiety increased accordingly. It was one thing to have a single light following you, it was quite another to have a crowd of them flying wildly at your side.

As I crested the summit and the ground leveled out, I relaxed some, despite the score of lights flying on both sides of me as I rode over the ancient paving stones. I slowed my winded horse down to a slow canter and pulled Gwensorloth partially out of it sheath to look at the blade. It was glowing dully. I should have done that earlier and protected my ear from the freezing stone. Live and learn.
“Indeed, and much have you learned my boy!” Thallium’s ancient voice said clearly inside my head.
It startled me.
“How long have you been…” I began.
“Awhile now my son. I wanted to give you time to gather your thoughts and figure out your priorities. You can do nothing to save them, Jake. They are safe for now and Guldan is wilier than you can imagine. All is not lost,” he said in a comforting voice.
“What about Bronn and Gill? Can I get them out with their help?” I asked, afraid of the answer.
“Perhaps,” said the olden voice.
“But I’d never make it out of this world in time,” I sighed, as a deep sorrow fell over my heart. It was one thing to have little hope and another to have none at all.
“Indeed, you will be hard pressed as it is. Judging from the state of the stone under the strain produced by the Demon… I’d say you have perhaps three days, four at the outside,” Thallium stated.
Holy God! There was no way I was going to make it. If it was just a straight road with nobody chasing me I couldn’t make it on this horse in three days.
“You detest people that give up,” Thallium reminded me softly. “Will you give in so easily to defeat?”
“I’m not giving in to anything,” I growled. “But… I could use some help Thallium.”
“Indeed, but in the end it will be your choices that save or doom the worlds.”
“Great!” I groaned and kicked my horse into a hard gallop.
“You could light your way you know.” Thallium whispered sarcastically.
“How?” I asked.
“Why by gathering the magic around you and creating light of course, after all, you’ve gotten quite good at it,” the voice chided. “You saw Guldan do it in the passage to the dungeon. It is only slightly different to have the light follow you, or light your way forward. Imagine exactly what you want and will it into being. Concentrate and make your thoughts specific my boy.”
I pulled in the magic slowly and concentrated on the image of a headlight shining out from a car. When I felt I had enough magic, I closed my eyes and slowly released it.
My horse bucked up in the air nearly throwing me. I opened my eyes and held on for dear life until the animal eased once more into a smooth run. I blinked unable to believe my eyes. Thallium’s throaty laughter sounded loudly in my ears.
Twin beams of light coming from the horse’s eyes lit the road ahead brightly. 
“That is certainly one way of doing it,” Thallium laughed. “Perhaps a little unorthodox, but effective none the less.”
However crazy it was to be riding a horse with beams of light coming out of its eyes, it certainly made riding through the pitch black forest a lot easier.
“Can you teach me how to turn the horse into a Porsche? That would make it a lot easier. A 911 turbo if you please,” I grimaced shaking my head. This was all way too weird for me.
“Too bad your skills don’t lend themselves well to... stand-up comedy,” Thallium said sarcastically.
His voice became more serious. “A blue mage creates, my son. We don’t break down existing complicated matter. We can add to it as you just demonstrated with the horse’s eyes. It seems to be working quite well by the way… where was I?  Yes, matter, we cannot pull apart complex molecules unless we constructed them. The bonds holding one atom to another are very strong. In most cases, our magic requires the very building blocks of matter.”
“Atoms?” I asked.
“Indeed. It is from the basic elements that we create. The more complex our creations, the more difficult and the more study required.”
“Chemistry! I barely got a B in that class. Ionic bonds, covalent bonds, it was so boring,” I groaned struggling to keep my mind on the conversation. 
“Too bad, that. You never know when you’re going to need something you’re asked to learn,” Thallium said sounding like my physics teacher.
“At least using this magic doesn’t require Algebra.”
Thallium’s laughter was bright and lifted my spirits slightly. 
“Oh, but it does my boy, it does. All learning sharpens the tool that is your mind. The sharper the tool, the better the magician or wizard as the case may be.”
“You sound like my parents.”
“Indeed…” he agreed curiously. “Do they know that you’re using a third of your brainpower in your classes?
“No!” I said as my bizarre mount cantered down the road. “If you don’t mind. I’d prefer it stay that way.”
“Of course you would,” Thallium chuckled.

I saw the light I’d created still hanging above the valley before I entered it. There were several hundred fairy lights swirling to either side of me as I rode out of the trees under the shining amber light. Thallium’s voice had grown stronger and he was just finishing a winded discourse on the complexities of creating food when my horse began to slow dramatically despite my urgings. It didn’t seem injured, but I decided to stop and check it anyways. 
“This promises to be interesting,” Thallium said with his usual sarcasm.
I gathered some magic as I dismounted the black horse and turned off the light coming out of its eyes. 
“Well done,” Thallium said.
“Thanks. I didn’t want the horse spooking itself. Walking all the way back to the elven woods wouldn’t be too much fun.” 
I tried to ignore the pinpoints of light swirling around me and walked around the horse trying to see if it had any injuries. I didn’t know what to look for, but there didn’t appear to be anything wrong with it aside from the fact it was covered in foamy sweat.


Chp. 43

“I recommend you listen my boy. Tell the truth if asked anything, and don’t accept any food or drink if it is offered,” Thallium said softly. “The last time I had fairy wine…”
 “He almost agreed to marry me,” said a musical female voice behind me. 
I turned slowly and looked. Standing in the roadway not five feet away from me was the most beautiful women I’d ever seen in my life. Her hair was the color of golden wheat and fell about her naked shoulders in a cascade of tightly bunched curls. Light blue eyes regarded me with amusement, which pulled up the edges of her rich red lips.
I looked down ashamed. Ivy was trapped in a dungeon, and here I was ogling a beautiful, almost naked woman.
“Don’t beat yourself up lad. This isn’t a woman, this is Illithril, the fairy queen.” Thallium laughed. “She is the incarnation of all that a man could dream for.”
“And yet you rejected me, dear Peenors,” the fairy queen said, with a sad lilt in her voice.
“Peenors? Your first name is Peenors?” I chuckled inwardly, my eyes still cast downwards. “You must have been teased mercilessly as a kid.”
“I didn’t reject you altogether Illithril,” Thallium said ignoring me and talking to the fairy queen. “I said I would gladly marry you after I finished my penance.” 
“So you did love, so you did,” the queen of the fairies laughed lightly. “It’s good you remember since your penance might be over soon. The immortal has the Demon bound and has but to remove it from this world before we can be together my love.”
Thallium laughed loudly in my head. 
“It’s not quite that simple my queen. The fact that I lack any physical substance could get in the way.”
“This body you inhabit now would do… quite nicely,” the fairy queen sighed.
I looked up at that, and found her smiling at me in a most seductive manner. She was absolutely, radiantly lovely. Her ripe body was covered in layers of white diaphanous silk that hugged the curves of her perfect figure. She reminded me of Ivy.
“I can be anything you want me to be young immortal, and more,” she said moving closer to me. “I can be your girlfriend, or anything else you desire.”
I looked away as I felt a flush of anxiety rush through me.
“Ivy is all I could ever want,” I managed to stammer. “I love her.”
“And you could never love me?” the queen of the fairies breathed moving closer until I could smell flowers and fertile earth.
I forced myself to take a step backwards, my heart starting to race in my chest.
“His heart belongs to another, Illithril,” Thallium chuckled. “I doubt it is within even your considerable power to stop their love, my queen.”
“I’m not a fool Peenors. That was my gift to him for giving me back my kingdom,” the fairy queen laughed. It was the sound of music played to perfection.
“Indeed, an amazing gift to be sure,” Thallium laughed. “But he would have realized he loved her in time.”
“Perhaps, my dearest. I would offer him another gift then,” the fairy queen laughed and stepped back.
I looked at her tentatively and saw by her body language that she was done flirting with me. A sense of utter loss mixed with profound relief. I took a deep breath and let it out slowly.
“I would ask that you return here when your mission is complete Immortal. The light you carry is promised to me and I would have him brought back here so we can be married. In return, I will give you a gift that is very precious, more precious than any ever given to a child of mankind. Do we have a deal Immortal?”
“Should I agree?” I asked Thallium, it was after all his choice, not mine.
“I made a promise…” Thallium began.
“Lord Thallium’s promise to me is binding, even if he did manage to have his essence pulled from his body,” smiled the queen.
I shrugged. 
“Then I agree.”
The fairy queen clapped excitedly and stepped forward offering me something in her hand. I reached out and she dropped a simple golden chain into my palm.
“This chain is meant for one you call friend. She must accept it freely for she will be bound to it until God himself walks this land.”
“Carla?” I asked, looking at the chain. It was unremarkable, just a simple golden chain.
“That is her name for now I believe, but it will change. There is one more promise I would have of you before you go Immortal,” she said smiling at me benignly.
“Yes mi lady?” I answered, casting my eyes down.
“Bring the sage Llava and her daughter with you when you return,” she asked sweetly.
“I’ll try, but I don’t know how…” 
“Your best effort is all I can ask,” she laughed, interrupting me with her beautiful voice. “Thank you again, Immortal. You have given me back my sweet kingdom and I name you friend. I shall not forget.”
Looking back over her should a frightening gleam came into her eye. 
“Now away with you, the dark ones come. Remember what you have learned about the stones,” said the queen of the fairies, her eyes smoldering with anger.
Her skin began to pulse with light, and then, suddenely, she was another dancing light. She joined the others swirling around me. I took another deep breath and let it out slowly trying to relax. The pinpoints of light swirled faster and faster, then streamed off down the road I had just come from.

“I wouldn’t want to be a dark elf on the road tonight,” Thallium said. “That went pretty well all in all!”
I swung myself up into the saddle and looked up at the light I’d created. I willed it to die out slowly and focused on restoring the light coming from my horse’s eyes. I willed it into being as nothing more than pinpoint of light and slowly added more and more magic to it letting the horse adjust properly this time.
“You really are getting quite good at that,” Thallium snickered.
“Why is this necklace important?” I asked urging the horse into a slow canter.
The old man chuckled. 
“It’s a powerful token my boy. It could do anything at all. Under normal conditions I would tell you to bury it and forget you ever found it, but in this instance I would say you need to give it to Carla as the queen suggested.”
“Anything? What do you mean anything at all?” I asked.
“When it comes to crafting objects, the fairies are ruthlessly moral my son. Their items are usually both a blessing and a curse. For example, if you bought a pair of fairy shoes guaranteed to make you the best dancer to ever live, you would get a pair of shoes that did just that, but they might cause you to never stop dancing until you died from exhaustion. A ring that makes you the best looking person ever born might also make it so no one could see you. They have a twisted sense of how to enforce morality. People who gain a fairy-crafted item usually wish they’d never seen it.”
“Great.” I sighed aloud getting ready to toss the necklace into the trees.
“Don’t!” Thallium yelled in my head. “As I said, the circumstances under which you were given that item are completely different. It wasn’t given by a fickle fairy intent on having some fun, but by the Queen herself. She is neither fickle nor solely intent on having fun. That necklace is a gift roughly equal to the worth of gaining her kingdom back as she sees it. It must be extraordinarily powerful.”
“Really…” I said putting it in the pocket of my tunic.
“Indeed,” Thallium said. “I can feel its power, but it is unlike anything I’ve felt before.”
“In a little while I won’t be able to hear you anymore.” I thought to myself. “Whenever I can’t hear you is usually the time it seems that I need to ask your advice the most.”
“It is often hard to ask for an answer when you don’t know the question yet, my boy,” Thallium chuckled.
I had to agree with that. I had a lot of questions, but none of them seemed very relevant to my current situation. The fairy queen said she wanted me to bring Ivy and her mother to see her after the Demon stone was safe in our world. Why would she ask for that?
“No idea my boy… none at all,” Thallium said. “But an invitation by the fairy queen is an honor not to be passed up.”
“Can she see into the future?” I asked.
“I wouldn’t dare to guess what she can and can’t do. She is older than me, older than the elves. Just how old she is, is anyone’s guess. She’s ancient in the true sense of the word.”
“Do you think she knows that Ivy is trapped in the dungeon in Grimhome?” I asked.
“I really couldn’t speculate either way,” Thallium said in a fatherly way. “I would say that King Zildain didn’t foresee the fairies taking back their woods so quickly, I certainly didn’t think she would move quite this fast. He might not even know it was the Demon that caused the fairies retreat and allowed his great grandfather to take these woods. I believe he will soon have more on his mind than who might be trapped in his dungeon.”
“What do you mean by that?”
“Well, I don’t presume to know the queen’s mind, but I would guess the first thing she will do is secure her border, which means she will be visiting Grimhome shortly.”
“Holy crap!” I swore.
“Holy crap indeed!” Thallium agreed.

Thallium told me a lot about fairies and their kingdom while I rode towards the boulders where Gill, Bronn and Carla held their camp. Apparently the fairy folk were the only sentient creatures that originated in this world. Humans, Elves, dwarves etc, actually came to this place from other worlds. Because they originated here, the fairy folk were perfectly attuned to this world’s magic. When the Demon came, they were forced to flee through bridges created by the most powerful of their kind. The fairy ring at Brianna’s estate was an example of such a bridge. Thallium explained that the fairy folk were forced to flee because the Demon was drawing forth power from their magic, and using that power to break its bonds. Before they left, they played a trick on the Demon and manipulated its need for their magic against it. The result delayed the Demon’s plans, and forced it to find its power elsewhere. After the fairy folk succeeded in tricking the Demon, they scattered, waiting for the day they could return. Today was that day.
  
We talked about a great many things including football, all the while Thallium’s voice grew weaker and weaker until I could barely understand him, and then he was gone. It was still dark, but the night air had that expectancy of dawn’s coming, when I topped the rise leading down into the clearing where my friend’s were hopefully waiting. I slowed my winded horse to a walk, as I drew even with the ledge Gill and I had stood on. I peered up at the stone ledge, but couldn’t see anything there in the darkness.
“Gill?” I whispered trying to project my voice so he could here it.
I waited impatiently for an answer, but there wasn’t any so I turned my horse off the road towards the immense granite boulders, surprised and apprehensive that neither Gill nor Bronn had challenged me. 
As I drew closer to the boulder I knew something was wrong, and I started to feel the beginning stages of panic. The horse’s eyes lit the area before the boulder, and I could see signs that a battle had taken place. Three dead, dark elf bodies lay in disarray covered in dried blood. My heart started pounding in my chest. Taking Gwensorloth’s hilt in my hand, I pulled it free of its scabbard.
I concentrated on my breathing as my horse rounded the massive boulders, and the light from its eyes lit the camp. The wagon was on its side, a few of the casks of wine were broken, their contents spilled onto the pine-needle-covered ground. The rest of the casks were gone. I pulled in some magic and willed a soft light into being above the camp. A half dozen more dead blood elves littered the ground surrounding the fire pit. Several of the bodies had Gill’s arrows embedded in them. 
I dismounted and tied my tired horse to the wagon willing the light to fade from its eyes. It nickered happily as the light went out. Going over to the nearest blood elf, I bent down and felt its skin with my hand. It was cold to the touch. The blood on it neck had dried, but wasn’t black or flaky yet. I didn’t have any experience examining battles, but I figured the fight had happened a while ago. 
I began searching the camp frantically for some sign of Carla, Gill or Bronn. I kept thinking I’d find them dead, but I didn’t. Relief flooded through me. It only lasted a moment before I started speculating about what could have happened to them and I began worrying.
I hadn’t passed anyone on the road, so I doubted they had fled towards Grimhome, if they had fled at all. The idea of the three of them having been captured swirled through my thoughts, and I had to close my eyes for a second. One-by-one and two-by-two my friend’s and companions had left me. My only companion now was a legendary old mage who thought surprises and teasing constituted a working relationship, and I couldn’t even talk with him unless I was drunk, exhausted, or in a place of power.
If they had been captured, the obvious choice had to be Memron. We had, after all, captured his daughter. Somehow he must have found her and managed to take Bronn, Gill and Carla captive. That was really the only plausible option, if they hadn’t escaped. 
I heard the sound of a stick snapping and opened my eyes. At the edge of the light I had set hanging above the camp, two pairs of eyes reflected back at me. One of the pairs drew closer, and I could see it was a horse. 
Sheathing Gwensorloth I moved towards it slowly, trying not to frighten it. It moved forward as well, as if recognizing me. It was the horse I’d ridden from Lockewood! It walked up to my chest and nuzzled me with its nose. I pet it slowly whispering reassuring words. After a couple of minutes the other horse walked out of the darkness to stand before me as well. My heart fell inside of me. It was Carla’s mount. There was no way she would have ridden another horse if she’d had a choice. I petted it as well. 
“Where were they taken?” I asked the horses aloud petting them both.
“They’re safe for now, Gunn,” said a gravelly voice from behind me.
I twisted around, blade in hand and fell into a defensive stance looking at the speaker unable to believe my eyes.


Chp. 44

“Where is that infernal elf, Gunn?” Coach McNally growled standing near the overturned wagon, his arms folded before him. “Don’t lie to me, I know you are in on it! Been following his trail, found his tracks mixed with yours, so don’t try and deny it!”
I looked around, but could only see Coach. I leveled my sword at his chest. 
“What do you mean ‘they are safe for now’?” I shot back taking a step forward.
Coach flinched slightly. I’d never seen him do that before.
“Lord Memron’s guards hauled them out of here. They were alive, at least that brat Carla and the pushy Corporal were. The dwarf might have been wounded, or worse, but who cares. The guards had him tied over the back of one of the horses when they passed by where I was hiding. He wasn’t moving.”
I felt a rage come over me as I listened. This whole quest had gone south because of Coach. I wanted to walk over and cut him down, but a part of me refused to go along with that train of thought. I was generally thankful for my Christian morals, but sometimes they sure got in the way.
“What did you do with Brianna, traitor?” I asked, moving towards him once more, Gwensorloth pointing at his chest. 
His dirty leather-like face twisted up in confusion and surprise.
“What did I do with her?” he spat stepping back. I could hear his teeth grinding in anger though I was still ten feet away. “You’re a lousy liar. You are the traitor here, Gunn, not me! You and the others took Lady Brianna. I saw that blasted elf’s tracks near hers on the plain. Followed them to Brighton after I got around the fire.”
I stopped moving forward and lowered Gwensorloth slightly. He was telling the truth. At least it seemed he was telling the truth. Now it was my turn to be confused.
“I haven’t seen her since she disappeared on the plain… at the same time as you disappeared, coincidentally,” I said wondering what was going on.
“He had her, Maggot, and you were with him when he left Brighton!” Coach argued his ruddy face getting redder by the second.
“Yeah, Guldan was with us, but Brianna wasn’t. We thought you had her!” I said shrugging, trying to fit the pieces into the puzzle.
Coach kicked the ground impotently. “Damn!” he cursed. “He must have hidden her in Brighton.”
 “You sure he had her?” I asked, walking forward once more. “When we met him in Brighton she wasn’t with him.”
“Where is the devil-spawned elf now?” Coach growled.
Even though it appeared Coach McNally wasn’t responsible for Brianna’s disappearance, I wasn’t convinced at all he could be trusted. Instinctually, I knew something was going on that I didn’t understand. I decided to tell a partially truth and see if that didn’t bring something out of Coach.
“He’s dead,” I mumbled, sheathing Gwensorloth. “Toby and Ivy are trapped in Grimhome. I barely escaped with my life. The quest failed, Coach.”
I watched his reaction carefully as he digested what I’d said. A tiny smile played at the edge of his crooked mouth for a moment then was gone. He nodded.
“And the stone? Did you at least capture the Demon?” he asked.
His body language suggested my answer was important. Something was going on…
“No… we walked into a trap before we even made an attempt to imprison the Demon. Lord Guldan was killed by a hellhound. Ivy...” I said lowering my eyes. “Ivy still has the ruby. She and Toby were trapped by a cave-in inside the dungeon in Grimhome. I couldn’t get them out, there were hellhounds everywhere, so I came back here looking for help.”
He seemed to be thinking about what I said, then shrugged. 
“Status quo eh?” he said running a hand through his sparse gray hair. “Well, there’s nothing we can do about it for now. We need to get Brianna out of Brighton and deliver her to Lord Memron.”
“Excuse me? What about Carla, Gill and Bronn?” I asked. “If Memron took them captive, then he’s the bad guy. Why would we give him Brianna as well?”  
“He’ll be so happy to get her that he’ll release your precious friends, even though they did help kidnap his daughter and killed some of his men. The dwarf will have to answer for that probably. Blood elves hate dwarves with a passion.”
How did he know that we had taken Memron’s daughter prisoner? He could only have learned of that from Memron. 
“So you are saying we just leave Toby and Ivy trapped in Grimhome?” I asked, trying to hide my anger, feigning helplessness.
“Pull your head out Gunn. It’s not as if the two of us could storm Grimhome and free them. Maybe Lord Memron can ask King Zildian to release them into his custody when we deliver Brainna.”
Did McNally really think I was that stupid? Was he just saying anything to get me to help him search for Brianna to complete his mission, or was it part of his mission to free the Demon as well? 
“Think he’ll let them go? I just want to get my friends back and leave this stupid world,” I said, doing my best to be seem tired of the whole mess, which wasn’t really that hard to do.
“Hell if I know Gunn!” he growled. “If King Zildain already has the Cardinal Ruby, he doesn’t have much of a reason to hold them does he?”
“I guess not,” I answered neutrally, hoping my rage didn’t show. He knew too much about the whole thing. “Maybe we should go by Memron’s castle first and see if he’ll release Carla and Gill to help us look for Brianna in Brighton.”
“Use your brain, Gunn. If we show up without Brianna he’s not likely to help us at all,” Coach McNally growled. “The fastest way to get them back is to deliver Brianna to him like we promised. Get your horse saddled and let’s go!”

As I released the sweat-drenched cinch from under the horse I’d ridden from Grimhome, some of the pieces of the puzzle began to fall into place. As those pieces slid together they triggered more questions. 
Coach McNally wasn’t only concerned about only delivering Brianna to Memron, I was sure now that he was suppose to deliver me as well. At the camp before the falls, he’d nearly blown his top when I’d told him I was already trained. He had insisted I receive training at Memron’s estate. Why would Brianna’s father want me to go to the blood elves for training? They wanted the Demon released. Was Mr. Kline on their side?
I realized at that moment I couldn’t bring him the stone, at least not until I knew more. He claimed that the stone protected him from the Vampire Council, and that by giving it to me, they would no longer be afraid of the stone’s power being used against them. Was that a lie? Was Brianna’s father really of the covenant?
Then there was Guldan. He was bound to the covenant, of that I was sure. Sunlight hadn’t affected him at all. He had done everything in his power to help the quest succeed. He was one of the ten, and after the dungeons of Grimhome, I trusted him, but why would Guldan kidnap Brianna?
As I put the saddle over my horse’s back, I ran through my mind a list of who all the players were in this. There was Brianna’s father, the Vampire Council, the Blood Elves, and Guldan. Was it possible that there were more than just two sides to this? 
People who had power generally didn’t want to give up that power. They wanted more. What if the Vampire Council didn’t want to give up their control and become servants to the Demon? That would put them against the Blood Elves who wanted the Demon released. I felt disgusted thinking of the possibility, but it made them possible allies.
It looked as though Brianna’s father was in league with the Blood Elves, at least partially, unless Coach was playing his own game. But why would Mr. Kline be connected with them? They were not followers of the covenant, and he supposedly was. If there was a split between the Vampire Council and the Blood Elves, then maybe Brianna’s father had chosen to ally with the Blood Elves for protection against the Council. But if he was against being controlled by the Vampire Council, why would he want to be controlled by the Demon? 

I put the bit into my chestnut gelding’s mouth and pulled the reins over his head, then I put another set of reins on Carla’s horse so I could lead it. As I did, I was reminded of my last attempt at leading a horse. I flexed my shoulder, it was fine, no pain at all. Even though the pain was gone, the lesson remained. I looped the reins of Carla’s horse over the saddle horn on my horse, then swung myself up into the saddle. Coach sat on a plainsmen’s horse frowning at me. 
I thought about leaving him there and trying to get my friends out of Memron’s castle on my own, but that made as much sense as going back to Grimhome for Ivy, Toby and Guldan. Again I was being given a choice that forced me to abandon my friends for the greater good. The sense of hopelessness pressing down on me grew heavier.
I had to get to the Elven Wood and back to my world in three days. If McNally had been in contact with Memron, and the dark elf lord had okayed Coach’s plan to go to Brighton, then we probably wouldn’t be stopped along the way. That would help a bit. I decided to go along with Coach to Brighton. From there, I’d set off on my own.

“You won’t need that damn horse, Gunn.” Coach grouched as we rode down into the huge meadow we had passed the day before.
The sunlight whispered down through the remaining rain clouds, glinting off the water of the creek that ran the length of meadow. The air was crisp and clear and smelled of clover and honeysuckle. I took a deep breath letting the beauty of the scene relax my frayed nerves.
“I couldn’t let anybody else have Carla’s horse, Coach. She loves it.” I answered lazily, hoping to put off any questions about why I might need two horses. “Besides, Brianna might need it, if we can find her, that is. Maybe she’ll leave before we get there.”
Coach growled, but let it drop, kicking his small horse into a canter.
I was relieved that I had been able to manipulate Coach into riding faster. Even though it had only been a few hours at most, walking our mounts out of the mountains had been so frustratingly slow. The whole way I had resisted the urge to feel the lump in the pocket of my black leather pants. It felt like I was carrying a time bomb. I had done my best not to let Coach McNally see how anxious was at our slow pace, it had been as difficult as waiting to open presents on Christmas morning. 
As we entered the familiar burnt-out forest before the Blood Elves encampment my heart rate soared. I pulled the black hood lower over my head and prepared to flee if need be. I couldn’t let the stone fall into their hands. 
When we rode out of the burnt forest and into clearing, I was surprised to find the massive encampment against the hills mostly gone. The nearly endless rows of tents were nowhere to be seen. Only a handful of large and small tents remained.
I felt relief, but it was quickly replaced with fear that we might run into an army marching north on the road before us. I was thankful that Coach wasn’t interested in talking, I doubted that I could have pretended not to be worried. As we rode past the tents and approached the spot where I had executed the blood elf, I glanced to my right at Coach’s mount. The plainsmen’s horse had a choppy gait, and Coach McNally was bouncing all over the saddle. I felt myself grinning as I contemplated how sore he was going to be when we stopped. Partially turned into a vampire or not, Coach was an old man, and that pounding had to hurt. The trick was going to be keeping him going at this pace.

The day progressed as we rode down through groves of aspen-like trees. Several riders passed by us heading south towards Grimhome, but none of them stopped or paid us any mind at all. To my surprise, Coach maintained the pace, slowing only to share some food and water as the sun reached its zenith above us. The black leather tunic and pants trapped heat causing me to sweat profusely. Coach gave me one of his canteens. I tried to conserve as much as I could, but I need to hydrate if I wanted to be able to stay in the saddle.
We stopped briefly near a stream that passed close by the road as we descended towards the plains. Crystal clear water fell over small bronze veined boulders and stones that had been smoothed by millennia of being tumbled. The sides of the stream were festooned with various, brightly colored mosses and water plants. I bent down and filled up my canteen, scaring a group of fish that looked a lot like rainbow trout. I imagined my father fly-fishing this stream in his fishing regalia. As I drank from the stream I daydreamed about bringing him and mom to a peaceful version of this world. There was such incredible beauty here. I pictured my family riding around, seeing as much of it as we could. It was a nice fantasy. 
I was pulled out of my revelry by the sound of Coach peeing in the water ten feet upstream from where I was drinking, cackling all the while. I stood up immediately and flipped him off. “That was for Toby,” I said to myself and walked a little distance away before relieving my own bladder away from the stream. Even if we were still in Blood Elf lands, there were some things you didn’t do. I wasn’t blind to the irony.


Chp. 45

The sound of the stream accompanied us on our way down the hills towards the plain. I didn’t remember a stream so near the road on our way into the kingdom of the dark elves. I had been too upset with myself to notice much after executing the blood elf.  I’d taken more lives since then. Right or wrong, it made me feel hollow inside. It was more than just losing my innocence; it was as if some critical part of who I was had been forcibly removed. Combined with the loss of my friends, it didn’t make sense that I was so much more aware of the little things now. I should be more detached, shouldn’t I? The sound of the stream, the colors of the grasses, the texture of the rocks, the smells, it all seemed so much more vivid, alive.
The sun was well on its way to setting by the time we reached the plains. The grasses on either side of the ancient road swayed and rippled angrily as gusts of wind tore seeds and leaves from their fragile embrace. Coach had been riding slightly ahead of me for several hours. He was no more in tune with his horse’s movements now than he had been when we had begun the journey to Brighton. I had ignored his obvious distress when we’d stopped for water. He’d almost fell when he had dismounted and had barely been able to walk. It wasn’t going to be difficult to lose him when we got to Brighton.
We passed several black clad riders headed the opposite direction as the last rays of the sun touched the grasses and dusk fell over the plain. They didn’t pay us any mind, but it hadn’t stopped my heart from racing. 
In the distance I could see a large crowd of wagons clogging the road ahead of us. As we drew closer I could make out the black clothing of mounted riders guarding the heavily loaded wagons. Coach McNally slowed a bit to draw even with me. His face was a mask of pain. The jostling was taking its toll on his old body. I almost felt sorry for him. Almost.
“We are under Lord Memron’s protection,” he grunted painfully. “Don’t do anything to ruin it, Gunn.”
I nodded trying not to show the panic that was coming over me. Coach had a knack for saying and doing things to upset people. There was a very good possibility he would do something to cause a problem no matter whose protection we were under. No matter what Coach did I couldn’t let the dark elves get the Ruby. I looked at the grassy plain on either side trying to come up with a plan. The grasses weren’t tall enough here to hide a rider. I had been riding Carla’s mount for the last several hours and switched back to mine. If it came down to it, I’d head out into the grasses and pray.
Coach went ahead of me again. I looked around in the twilight, wishing darkness would fall more quickly, and then I remembered with shock that I glowed in the dark. Another surging rush of panic slammed into me. I pulled the hood of my cloak lower trying to cover my face better and said a quick prayer, working my breathing exercise.
As we approached the column a couple of the riders guarding the rear of the wagon train turned around, blocking the road in front of us. Coach slowed his horse to a walk. I followed his example, ready to take off into the grasses if things went poorly.
“Halt!” called one of the dark elves as we drew near. Coach stopped ten feet away.
“Who are you to stop envoys of Lord Memron!” Coach McNally growled in his customary acidic tone. I rolled my eyes and took a deep breath.
“Since when does my Lord Memron send a human and a… you there! Remove your hood!”
Panic swept through me. I had to get away.
“He will do no such thing scum,” Coach shot back. “Move aside or your head will mount Lord Memron’s wall, cur!”
The dark elf grinned in the gathering darkness and began to draw his sword. His partner didn’t look nearly as confident. I adjusted my feet in the stirrups.
“If you require proof dog of Brisna, here it is!” Coach shouted.
Reaching inside his tunic top he withdrew a thin golden miter and held it out before him. Both of the elves gasped and quickly moved their horses to the side bowing in the saddle.
“Forgive us human,” said the leader nervously. “We couldn’t have known.”
“I don’t have time to waste being stopped,” McNally growled. “Escort us past this column, and I may forget your ugly faces.”
The dark elf did a poor job of disguising his hatred of Coach, but kicked his horse into action, whirling it around and riding hard up the side of the road. Coach and I followed. The second dark elf fell in behind us.
We galloped past more than five hundred wagons filled with provisions for war. No one stopped us. That didn’t stop it from being one of the scariest hours I’d had since coming to this world. By the time we passed the last wagon and the column of foot soldiers guarding the front of the caravan, darkness had fully settled over the plain.
The dark elf in front of Coach peeled off to the side and slowed his mount allowing us to continue on past him. Thankfully, Coach didn’t slow his short mount though watching him ride, I wondered how he managed to stay in the saddle. He did worse at the gallop than he did at a canter, if that was possible. Despite his horrible riding skills, I felt immediate relief from the strangling anxiety as we left the wagon train behind us. 

“That went well,” came the barest hint of a voice in my mind.
“Didn’t know I was so tired,” I responded as we raced away from the caravan.
“Anxiety and stress are quite fatiguing,” Thallium said. “You’ve had little to no sleep for days. Adrenaline can only take you so far my boy.”
“You say that as if I’ve had a choice old man,” I grumbled. “Doesn’t look like I’m going to get one anytime soon either.”
“Hold onto that dream you had of bringing your parents here, Jake. This world contains beauty untold and if you succeed, maybe one day your dream may come true. Keep hope. Have faith that you will accomplish your goal.”
“A lot of good that will do me with all of my friends dead. But I’ll do my best,” I said as Coach slowed his mount back into a canter. I could tell the little horse was struggling. My horse wasn’t nearly as tired.
“Despair not, young one.” Thallium chided. “The solution will present itself err long.”
I snorted aloud. 
“Were you such a optimist when you were alive? 
“Indeed, a veritable blue bird of happiness.”
I couldn’t help but chuckle. Thallium knew everything I’d ever thought or heard, even when he wasn’t able to communicate with me. I wondered what he thought about my reasoning concerning Brianna’s father, the Blood Elves, the vampire council, Coach, and my questions concerning Guldan.
“I found your reasoning to be quite sound, actually,” Thallium answered. “There are a great many players in this game. You are right to conclude that alliances have been formed, but don’t forget that alliances break as well. Each piece of this puzzle has its own motivations. Alliances remain only as long as they serve all the parties involved. 
A great man once said; ‘ my enemy’s enemy is my friend,’ but I wouldn’t get friendly with anyone from the Vampire Council if they do, in fact, oppose the Blood Elves now. It wasn’t long ago that they were bonded like twins suckling at their mother’s breast. The Vampire Council most assuredly has designs upon the stone. Possessing it would give them unimaginable power, but which of the members of the council would hold it? They jockey for position and standing constantly. It is just as likely that they have agreed none should have it and seek its destruction.
The dark elves motivation seems pretty straightforward, but I would suggest that not all the members of that race want the fallen angel freed. Many are happy with the power they currently have and are fearful that freeing the demon would undo the balance of power.”
“Memron?” I asked.
“Indeed. He might stand to lose quite a bit if he doesn’t gain the favor of the fallen one, once it is released into this world,” Thallium suggested. 
It certainly made sense.
“But won’t he lose everything now that the Demon is trapped and the fairies are back?” I asked. “Bronn said Memron took their castle for his own, they’ll want it back won’t they?”
“Well done!” Thallium laughed sarcastically. “You’ve been paying attention. I was actually surprised Illithril didn’t go there first. When the siege will begin is anyone’s guess, it may have already begun for all we know. The fairies are anything but conventional, and aren’t inhibited by time the way we are. 
“Getting back to alliances, I think it likely that Memron seeks to preserve the status quo by possessing the Cardinal Ruby.”
“Status quo, that’s what Coach said!” 
More pieces started falling into place.
“Indeed, it may offer you some insight into your Coach’s motivations as well. He likely serves two Masters as you suspected.”
“That would explain part of the reason for the alliance between Brianna’s father and Memron. Mr. Kline sends Brianna to Memron, along with the stone and me. Holding the stone and the person who can trap the Demon secures Memron’s position as it is,” I thought furiously. “But what does Brianna’s father get out of it? Why does he send his daughter?”
“The prophecies name her ‘the Vampire Queen’. Perhaps Lord Memron plans to marry her and usurp King Zildian’s throne, or perhaps he merely seeks to deliver her to the King in return for more power, either would benefit him.”
“Either way Brianna’s father wins, the bastard,” I said. “He had no intention of keeping her bound to the covenant did he?”
“It doesn’t appear so,” Thallium agreed.
“I can’t give him the stone then,” I said.
“It never really was an option my son,” Thallium said comfortingly. 
“Great.”

We passed the crossroads where I had murdered the dark elf. In the distance I could see the lights of Brighton. It took our group six days to get to Brighton on the way here and I only had two days to get the stone out of Ceneria. 
“Approximately, could be less,” Thallium chimed in as I was about to start justifying a stop for a hot meal to myself.
“Less?” I shouted in my mind. “What is going on Thallium? You keep changing your estimates.” 
“It’s not exactly a science from inside here my boy. There are a multitude of factors at work degrading the strength of the Ruby. The Demon’s strength has grown exponentially due to its consumption of all the essences imprisoned in the stone prior to you trapping it. The return of the fairies added a noticeable increase to the ambient magic of this world, which works against the magic of the stone as well. Predicting the stone’s failure is problematic at best.”
“How long Thallium?” I asked pushing my horse faster.
“Between twenty and twenty-seven hours I would guess conservatively, possibly a bit more,” he said with detached curiousity.
“Then its over… it can’t be done.” I said aloud pushing my horse into a gallop.
“You said that aloud my boy,” Thallium said.
“Slow down, Gunn!” Coach yelled from behind me. “What’s over nimrod? You talking to me?”
 “The gates. If we don’t hurry the gates will be closed for the night,” I yelled back at him and pushed my horse even faster.
“Quick thinking,” Thallium laughed.
“How can you laugh? We’re undone… I can’t make that distance in that time,” I screamed in my head. Cold shivers of dread ran up my back as I stood in the stirrups and coaxed my horse into a sprint.
Behind me Coach was yelling something, but he was too far back to make out what he was saying.
“You’ll think of something,” Thallium said confidently. “I’ll leave you to it.”
I could feel his presense leave my mind. It didn’t mean he was gone, but it did offer me some privacy such as it was.

The strangely built walls grew in size as my horse flew down the rode, paced by Carla’s mount just behind me. Guards at the gate stepped out in front of the overhang, their long pikes crossed to bar my way. I slowed my mount and brought it to a sliding stop in front of them. My hood flipped back.
“Hold.. by the son, he’s a blue mage!” one of the guards stammered bowing quickly at the waist. “Does that plainsmen behind you wish you ill?” Several guards emerged from the gatehouse drawing their weapons, readying for a fight.
“No, he’s with me,” I panted. “We were being chased by dark elves. I doubt they have the fortitude to go against our guard.”
“Not if they don’t want to be banished to the farthest border of Ceneria they won’t!” said one of the pikemen proudly.
“I have pressing business inside, may I enter?”
“Of course, my lord,” he said.
 The guardsmen quickly moved the pikes out of my way. I pushed my tired mount into a trot. It took me a few seconds to find my seat, but I didn’t suffer too much before falling into rhythm with my horse’s gait. There were a lot of people on the streets, but they got out of my way quickly. I forgot how heavy the nightlife was here. The people wandered around as if they didn’t have a care in the world. They were obviously clueless that Ceneria was on the brink of war. I hurried through the streets as fast as I could, making my way to the Kris’co Blu Smoke Inn. The revelers were out in force on the street the inn was located on, and I was forced to walk my mounts.
I dismounted in front of the Inn and somehow managed to stay on my feet. I didn’t realize how tired I was or how sore. A young groomsmen appeared from the Inn pushing his way gently through the crowd.
“Staying with us sir?” he said. He couldn’t have been any older than me, probably close to the same age. I envied him his innocent life.
“Please just brush them down and give them some oats. I’m going to have a bite to eat, then I need to be off again,” I said.
“As you wish sir,” said the groom leading the sweaty horses away.
I started to move towards the doorway when Coach knocked past a couple of partygoers who cursed him thoroughly.
“Hold boy!” he shouted at the groom. The young man stopped and looked at Coach with distaste for a split second before masking his face neutral.
“Can I help you sir?” he asked.
“Take this miserable, God forsaken creature too,” Coach growled gingerly lifting his leg over the saddle.
The groom tried to hide a smile. 
“Long journey sir?” he asked.
I watched Coach struggle to get off his horse enjoying every moment.
“What’s it to you, idiot,” Coach cursed. “Don’t stand there ogling me like a newborn, help me down!”
The groom rolled his eyes and moved slowly over to offer Coach McNally assistance. I wouldn’t have hurried either.
“I’ll be inside Coach… when you can walk,” I said pleasantly as I turned and entered the Inn. I could hear Coach cursing as I closed the door behind me. The common room was packed with people laughing, talking and enjoying themselves. The aroma of spiced, roasted meat mixed with the rich pipe tobacco wafting about the room. The atmosphere was uplifting, and I needed that badly. As I started through the crowd, the Innkeeper’s large arm encircled my shoulder pulling me close to his side.
“Welcome back lad!” he said joyously. “Where is your beautiful bride?”
“She’s… at our home,” I lied.
The innkeeper slapped me on the back. 
“Need of the break already? Never mind you that, lad. How can Granusshi help you?”
“A meal if you please… I’m starved.”
The innkeeper roared with laughter and pulled me through the crowd to a vacant table with a booth. 
“Your bride, she hasn’t learned the cook yet eh? Send her over anytime; my wife, she love to teach the kitchen skills. She like that you know, most helpful woman in the world. I bring you the roast and my dumplings I think, yes? Maybe some ale to wash it down, no?”
I did my best to put a smile on my face and agreed to send her over. I sat down in the padded, red leather booth so I could look out at the room, as the Innkeeper pushed back through the crowd. I adjusted my scabbard and then felt the bump in my pocket reassuring myself the ruby was still there. I looked around at the crowd: the old and young, dressed in robes of rich silk, and plain leather. They laughed and enjoyed each other’s company; they had no idea that the stone in my pocket was going to bring about the ruin of the world in a day or less. Much like I had envied the innocent groom who had taken Carla’s horse, and mine, I wished I were one of them.
The red-faced Innkeeper pushed back through the crowd and set a plate filled with enough food for two people on thick dark table.
“That shoulda hold you over, no?” he said winking, and then moved back through the crowd.
I’d never had service that quick back home, not by a long shot. I started in on the meal, glancing up every so often to look for Coach McNally. The roast was so tender, I didn’t even need my knife to cut it. It melted in my mouth with a rich smoked flavor that was amazing. The dumplings were fluffy and covered with a creamy pesto sauce that complimented the roast perfectly. Food this delicious back home would have made the innkeeper tremendously wealthy.
A small commotion drew my attention, and I looked up to see Coach stagger painfully through the crowd, pushing people aside with curses and ill-tempered threats. I smiled up at him and popped a dumpling in my mouth. If it was to be my last meal, I intended to enjoy it. 
He was livid, his face redder than I’d ever seen it. I was reminded briefly of cartoon characters whose faces turned red, and then blew steam out of their ears. A little over a week ago that look would have sent me running for cover. A lot had happened in a week.

Rather than sitting down in one of the chairs, he sat down next to me in the booth, far too close for comfort. I did my best to ignore him.
“I can see this isn’t going to work as planned,” Coach growled, leaning in so close to me I could feel heat of his breath against my ear. Something sharp pressed up against my ribs and I grunted, swallowing the mouthful of food too quickly. Sputtering and coughing, I looked down and saw Coach’s rusty K-Bar knife pressing against the leather tunic protecting my ribcage as I tried not to choke.
“I would just kill you now, Gunn,” Coach snarled in my ear. “But someone might see, and I can’t leave this city until I have Lady Brianna. So just give me the Cardinal Ruby, and I’ll let you crawl away.”
I stopped choking and caught my breath as several moves to disarm my former football coach flashed unbidden through my mind. It would be a close thing, but I was fairly certain I could do it. He hadn’t believed me when I’d told him that Ivy had the stone. Damn! There was no use denying it then, besides with the stone’s power fading so quickly it wasn’t going to do him much good either. The least I could do was make him admit his betrayal. 
“Won’t Memron be unhappy with you if you don’t deliver me as well?” I asked turning slightly. “That was part of the deal, wasn’t it?”
Coach pressed the knife harder and it began to slice through the leather.
“You smug son of a bitch!” he growled. “You think you know something? You know nothing.”
I had to smile at that.
“What I don’t get is why your Master would have you give me the sword, and Toby the war hammer if he just planned on handing us over to Lord Memron with his daughter,” I said, trying to breathe softly to avoid sticking myself on Coach’s rusty blade. 
“My old Master believed you would succeed trapping the fallen angel regardless of his promises to Lord Memron. He…”
“Old?” I said interrupting. “So you made a new deal with Memron?”
“A contingency… I knew you’d fail,” he snickered.
“Will you be laughing still when you show up at Memron’s castle without me?”
“Lord Memron will be happy enough with the stone. He’ll marry Lady Brianna, fulfilling her destiny, and make me an immortal, fulfilling mine. I’ll convince him that since all your pathetic friends are dead or imprisoned, you’ve run off to cower under a rock somewhere. He’ll become King, and I’ll have a powerful ally.”
“You’re insane,” I said shaking my head. 
“I could just as easily tell him I killed you in this bar,” he growled. “Now give me the stone!”
I felt the cold metal tip of the K-Bar press into my flesh and shook my head.
“I can’t,” I said, wincing as the rusty knife cut me. “I have to get it out of this world, or the demon will be freed.”
“What!” Coach screamed in my ear. “You said…”
“I lied,” I said, gasping as the knife slid in slightly.
“You…” Coach sputtered, pushing the knife in a little more.
“Change your plans much?” 

“Young Master!” said a familiar voice. I looked up in time to see a roguishly dressed, powerfully built, man with a patch over one eye sit down in a chair near Coach’s side of the table. It took me a second to remember.
Pierre grinned lopsided at me and patted his shoulder.
“It be well healed. The surgeon, your friend here, took me to did wonders,” he said accenting the word ‘friend.’ “So I was wondering why a ‘friend’ would be sitting next to you holding a knife against your ribs?”
I felt the pressure of the knife ease and looked down. The tip of a shiny blade extended from under the table and sat against the middle of Coach’s stomach. Pierre winked at me and gestured for me to move with a nod of his head.
I got up and put a hand to my side, it came back bloody. I wiped it on my cloak and sat down opposite Coach. I could hardly believe the turn of events. I had almost been banished from Ceneria because of the rogue who had just saved me. Not just me, my whole group would have been banished. I remembered the agony on the faces of the gypsies when their group had been banished. I’d almost had to go through that because of…
“Put it on the table, old man,” Pierre said with deadly intent. “Slowly.”
“You!” Coach said vehemently. He was shaking, he was so furious, but he did as the brigand said.
“I don’t count us as even, young master, or should I say ‘Champion of Lockewood’?” Pierre asked.
I stood up again, heart pounding. Could it be that easy?
“Are you well?” Pierre said, concerned as he slid Coach’s K-Bar to the other end of the table.
Would they understand? I had to chance it, there was no other way! I looked around the crowded bar. They had to understand. They had to be forced to act quickly, and know what to do. I turned to Pierre as the idea blossomed in my mind.
“I need a huge favor Pierre. I know this is going to sound hard to believe, but fate of this world hangs in the balance.”
I reached into my pocket and pulled out the Cardinal ruby. It pulsed in my hand sending reflected light showering about the room. Gasps of astonishment rose around me as the crowd nearest to me noticed the amazing ruby.
“Holy God!” Pierre breathed, staring at the stone.
“Fight me Pierre, and don’t hold back. We need to be banished!” I said, panting… it had to work.
“What?”
“Fight me. I promise to make it up to you if this works Pierre. At the very least I’ll make sure the banishment on you is lifted. I can’t really explain it… just fight me,” I said drawing Gwensorloth.
I heard the crowd backing away. 
“What is going on here son?” said the Innkeeper from behind me.
“Trust me good Innkeep… move everyone back!” I shouted.
Pierre looked at me, then at Coach bringing his sword out from under the table. The tip of his blade rose up Coach’s torso until it was even with his face, then he stood up.
“I owe you my life young master. Are you committed to this? The banishment will be painful beyond bearing,” he said, sighing loudly.
“Don’t do this!” cried the Innkeep. “She’ll learn to cook. I promise!”
“I am. Give me your best Pierre. Don’t hold back. It must be real.”
“As you wish,” Pierre said and his blade flashed through the air towards my neck. I deflected it easily and kicked a chair up over the table as a distraction. Coach wasn’t able to duck fast enough and it crashed into him knocking him out cold.
Pierre laughed. 
“Well done!” he cried and attacked me with reckless abandon. I slipped into Guldan’s defense and parried the lightning quick attack. I heard the innkeeper shouting frantically for everyone to give us room. I pressed Pierre a bit holding the ruby up high with my left hand so it could be seen.
“Come on, come on!” I breathed, defending myself using a variant of the Quail Crossing, which allowed me to keep my hand raised. Pierre roared and came at me with a furious assault, ending in an amazingly beautiful spinning back kick. I moved to the side and swept his pivot foot out from under him. He crashed to the floor and rolled out of the way of my downward slash, which would have taking off his head.
Why wasn’t it working? 
“Time,” came a thought in the back of my mind.
I jumped over a slicing backhand that would have taken off my foot and danced backward. Pierre flipped onto his feet and came forward, his blade singing through the air. We danced back and forth in the confined space. I could tell that his shoulder wasn’t one hundred percent because he began to slow having a more difficult time defending my attacks. I cut his forearm pulling back Gwensorloth so it wouldn’t bite very deep. Blood seeped into the sleeve of his white shirt.
This couldn’t go on much longer, he was tiring too quickly. I stepped back and raised my arms pleading for a moment. Then attacked again scoring again on his thigh. Pierre grimaced at the pain and came forward putting the last of his strength into his attack.
His blade whirled strangely before me, I couldn’t focus for some reason. I felt dizzy and couldn’t stop his sword from piercing my right shoulder. I staggering backwards as pain blossomed where he’d hit me. The room tilted suddenly and I fell to my knees. Through my hazy vision I saw the Pierre had also fallen to the floor.
The real pain was sudden and so intense it stopped my breath. Somehow I managed to put my left hand in my pocket even as Gwensorloth toppled nervelessly from my right. I couldn’t scream. My eyes burned, my whole body filled with such incredible agony I couldn’t think. The pain became a burning white-hot light that seared through to the center of my being. There was nothing but agony, and then there was nothing.


Chp. 46

I gasped in the darkness unable to feel my body or tell whether my eyes were open or not. My thoughts were shattered, fragmented, blurred. There was only the lingering memory of unbelievable pain and anguish beyond human endurance. A billion pins and needles began to pulse and stab me, bringing with them some sort of bizarre order to my mind. I was forced to recognize this new pain. Uncountable pinpoints of light fought against the darkness as I struggled to draw breath.
The pain slowly moved from my thoughts out into numbed limbs that weren’t mine to control. The nerves endings fired as blood returned to my arms, legs, chest and back. I heard a groan echo through the darkness changing in pitch and intensity as it was repeated.
I became aware of my legs spasming uncontrollably, and concentrated on that feeling. The rest of my body joined my legs, as my head swam with images of an Inn, a one-eyed man, and a glowing sword. The darkness changed back and forth from pitch black to one partially filled with light. My memories slowly came back to me. I hadn’t been able to scream. I’d wanted so badly to scream.
I was blinking. The points of light were stars. Feeling began to return to my body and the shaking started to fade.
I was lying on my back looking up at the stars. With effort I rolled over onto my side and drew myself into a fetal position. It helped almost immediately and my head began to clear. I heard myself groan, but the echo wasn’t from me, but from other people. The banishment! It all came back to me in a flash. The pain lessened considerably except for a deep burning in my shoulder.
Pierre! Pierre had stabbed my shoulder as the banishment took a hold of me. The other groans! Had it worked? I couldn’t see anything in the darkness. Damn it, I needed light. 
“So make a light my son,” came a familiar voice from inside my head.
My mind fought against me as I tried to pull in magic. I could feel sporadic bursts and drizzles of energy drawing into me from the cold air surrounding me.
“Set your will, and release it.” An order.
I though of the light I’d made over the camp near Memron’s castle and imagined it above me.
“Now,” I groaned aloud, releasing my will.
A soft amber light came into being in the air above me. I closed my sensitive eyes for a moment and said a quick prayer, then slowly opened them.
Pierre lay face down next to me, his head turned towards me staring at me with his good eye. He barely moved his head in a nod. I returned the nod and was rewarded with a lancing pain that started at the back of my head and ran down my spine.
Something like a moan escaped my lips.
I heard a couple of other groans and whimpers. Did it work? I fought a wave of nausea and wrenching pain, but managed to sit. I closed my eyes willing the dizziness and pain to ease. My stomach threatened to empty it contents and I fought against it, knowing the pain of retching might send me into oblivion once more. 
When the nausea started to fade, I gingerly opened my eyes and looked around. An amber glow surrounded a short, thick shape struggling to sit up. My heart cried out in joy. Bronn! Did the banishment include everyone?
“Well done my boy!” the voice said proudly.
Just beyond Bronn a huge shape retched into the grass. Toby! I turned my head as tears of relief flooded down my cheeks. Surrounded by a crimson aura, Guldan sat with his head between his legs to the left of Toby, shaking his head as if to clear it.
A short distance away Carla and Gill lay on their backs groaning. 
A deep purple glow surrounded a figure crouched beside a prostrate shape I didn’t recognize immediately. I could see her hands feeding health and healing into the body. Ivy! My Ivy…
“I knew it would be painful, but I didn’t realize just how much so,” Thallium’s familiar voice noted with detached amusement.
I turned my head and looked up at the amazing, towering trees behind me. A sob escaped my lips and I wept with relief.
“It worked!” I said to myself, as my emotions overwhelmed me.
“Yes it did my boy.” Thallium said softly. “Yes it did.”
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
“I didn’t know if it would work, or if it was the answer you would find. The prophecies weren’t clear on that point. The Binari Prophecy alluded to a force that would take ‘The Light Bearer’ across space and save the world, so I set out to learn about the forces that allowed such movement. That is how I came to know Queen Illithril. The magic of the fairy circles and the ancient gateways they create seemed a reasonable place to begin my studies. I spent several human lifetimes studying with them. Then I journeyed to ‘the Floating City’, Lor Lorenith, to learn how the Elves used Earth magic to power the great lifts that bring their people from the forest floor up to their city.
Through much trial and error I created stones that could move people across space, the ‘treaty stones’. They required a great deal of magic to function, so I set up a group within the council that could focus their power and use the stones when needed. You see, I created the stones for this very purpose my son, that they brought peace and prosperity to Ceneria was a pleasant side effect really”.
“Couldn’t you have given me a hint at least?” I complained.
“As I mentioned my boy. I didn’t know if this was your only choice, or if it would work at all with so many unknown factors involved. Pretty amazing that the council was able to banish all of you.”
“Jake!” Ivy cried running over and jumping into my arms. I fell backwards in pain and wrapped my good arm around her tightly. I felt her drawing in magic and releasing it into me as she cried with relief. Warmth flowed through me erasing the pain in my protesting muscles and easing somewhat the burning in my shoulder. I felt her tears dropping onto the hollow of my neck as she wept.
“Ivy,” I whispered, lifting my wounded arm gently and running a hand through her wavy hair. “You’re here!”
“Yes my love,” she cried showering my neck with kisses. Her body pressed tightly to me, replacing pain with aching of a different sort.
I heard soft laughter, then Guldan’s voice. 
“When you two are done, there are others that could use your assistance, Mage.”
Ivy giggled and pressed herself up slightly bringing one of her hands up to my injured shoulder. Soothing health flowed into me. I took a deep breath and closed my eyes as Ivy’s healing magic refreshed and invigorated my body. It felt so good, I didn’t realize how tired I had been.
Kissing my cheek, Ivy got up and went over to a form that still lay unmoving. I pushed myself up into a sitting position again, glad that the memories of the awful pain of banishment were fading. I looked up at the light and willed more magic into it. As it grew brighter, I took another breath and looked around. Lord Lathris had gotten to his feet and was moving towards Carla who was curled into a ball, crying. Toby was trying to push himself up and having a difficult time. I stood carefully and walked over to him sinking down onto the low grass beside him.
“That’ll teach you not to drink,” I kidded, helping him into a sitting position.
“Somehow, I don’t think a hangover compares to this Jake-O,” he groaned putting his head between his legs. “Carla…”
“Lord Lathris is with her,” I assured him.
“What happened?” Toby slurred. “We were trapped…”
“Ceneria decided it was better off without us,” I laughed. “I guess I got us banished.”
“Can’t leave you alone for a second,” Toby grunted.
I rubbed his massive shoulders overjoyed beyond imagining that my friends were alive and back with me.
Across the grass I heard a gravelly scream and looked up to see Pierre standing very unsteadily holding his sword blade against a prostrate figure’s throat. Pierre weaved barely able to stand upright. Guldan joined him and put his hand on Pierre’s supporting him with the other.
“This knave… was about to kill the young master in the Inn. He can’t be trusted.”
“Even so,” Guldan replied softly, easing the sword from Pierre’s hand. “I’ll watch him my friend. Sit down until the mage can see to you, please.”
Guldan helped Pierre sit down, then moved over to Coach and regarded him distastefully.
“Memron’s lackey eh?” he said.
“You!” Coach rasped with sheer venom.
“Me?” 
“Where is she? You kidnapped her…” Coach spat.
“Even so,” Guldan said pleasantly. “She is beyond your Master’s reach. Whichever one you serve now.”
Coach’s strangled cry sounded out loudly echoing across the grasses like a soulless demon morning the loss of heaven. It was hard not to feel pity at the sound that ripped from his throat.
Ivy had moved away from the figure who I could see now was Brianna and moved over to where Carla sobbed in Lord Lathris’s arms. I wondered if it were a trick of the light I’d created, but Brianna seemed to be glowing a lighter shade of crimson than Guldan.
“Oh crap.” I breathed, still rubbing Toby’s shoulders and back.
“What?” Toby groaned.
“I think Guldan made Brianna.”
“Made her what?” Toby chuckled pathetically. “You mean they… had sex?”
“No.” I groaned, and then I realized I didn’t know what had happened between them. “I mean, I think he turned her into a vampire.”
“Really?”
“She’s glowing kinda like he does,” I said. “McNally is screaming in fury. I just put one and one together.”

I heard Carla’s whimpering stop, and a moment later Ivy was kneeing beside me putting her hands on Toby’s chest. His strained breathing became more even and the tension in his body faded.
Toby sighed. 
“Wow, that’s amazing. Hey Ivy… I heal better with Twinkies. You wouldn’t have any lying around would ya?”
I couldn’t help but laugh. Leave it to Toby. There was probably not a girl in this world or the next who would be less willing to be involved in that sort of arrangement.
“Of course I do,” Ivy giggled. “I always carry around food that has a half-life of ten-thousand years.”
“Actually, that doesn’t sound half bad right now,” I said laughing as Ivy rolled her eyes at us and left to help Pierre. 
I helped Toby stand up, and we walked over to Carla. 

Toby knelt down beside Carla and held her against his chest. Their relief at being back together was a private moment, so I turned and walked towards the woods a little ways.
The sky-scrapper like trees were just as amazing as I remembered them. High above the ground florescent, glowing birds darted in and out of the canopy. As I stood there in amazement, Lord Lathris and Bronn joined me. A jolt of fear rushed through me, and I put my left hand into my pocket. My left hand encircled the oblong stone, and I was flooded with relief. Pulling the Cardinal Ruby out of my pocket I held it out for Lathris and Bronn to see. 
“Hard to believe, that something so beautiful could contain such evil,” Bronn whispered looking with wonder at the stone.
“Oft times, such wonders hold secrets untold,” the Elf said studying the stone.
“Thallium says we have less than twenty four hours to get it out of here before it fails,” I said. “And I have no idea how to get to back to the place we entered this world from.”
“Fairy portal?” Bronn asked. “Bet a golden crown Guldan knows where it lies.”
Lord Lathris sighed shaking his head. 
“Begging your pardon, but I doubt that very much, King Hammervil. But it matters not, I remember, besides, our guides should arrive any moment.”
“Really?” I asked surprised.
“Indeed. I do not lie,” Lord Lathris smiled kindly at me. “You’ve done well Master Gunn, very well. Be at ease Immortal and trust my kin, they will see you to the gateway.”
I nodded. It would be nice to let go of the cross I was chosen to bear. 
“Where is your sword lad?” Bronn asked patting my empty scabbard.
I looked down at my sword belt and sighed remembering. When Pierre’s sword pierced my shoulder Gwensorloth had fallen from my grip and then the banishment took me.
“Gone,” I said feeling suddenly naked without it. “I was wounded trying to get us banished and dropped it.”
Lord Lathris looked at me kindly and put his hand on my shoulder. 
“If it is meant to be, it will come back to thee.”
“Yeah, don’t fret over it… I can always make another,” Bronn said, as if its loss was inconsequential. “Just don’t lose the next one.”
Lord Lathris laughed. It was a musical sound that couldn’t help but raise your spirits. 
“I forgot it was you that crafted the Quail blades…”
“Hmph,” Bronn grunted.
“Pardon my offense,” Lathris said bowing low. 
Bronn looked at the handsome elf and rolled his eyes.
“Master Gunn, our stout companion here is regarded by many as the greatest smith to ever grace this land,” Lord Lathris said, inclining his head towards Bronn. “His work is studied by Elven smiths to this very day.”
“Now yer just blowing smoke up my arse,” Bronn grunted, but he did look a bit happier than he had moments before.
“I doubt there isn’t an Elven smith alive who wouldn’t give his weight in gold to study under King Hammervil if for only a week. Though many of our smiths are masters in their own right, none can match his metallurgical skill or ability to infuse magic into his creations.”
Bronn looked at the elf suspiciously. 
“Since yer not about to ask me on a date, I’m guessing you wish something else from me, elf?”
Lord Lathris smiled down at Bronn. 
“I merely seek to educate our young sword master, King Hammervil. But now that it has been mentioned, I do wish to commission a work that is worthy of your great skill.”
“What?” Bronn growled.
“A glaive,” Lathris said, his face intent. 
Bronn grunted, shaking his head. 
“A devastating weapon in the hands of one skilled in its use, but not very practical anywhere but on a battlefield. Why would I make such a weapon?”
“It is to be made out of Mithril...” Lathris smiled, “and Skystone.”
Bronn’s eyes grew wide as he regarded the taller elf. 
“Skystone?” he breathed reverently. “What color?”
“Blue,” Lord Lathris grinned.
“Blue!” Bronn stammered. “You have the amount required for such a weapon?”
“With enough left over for your own use to craft… a sword perhaps?” Lathris offered.
Bronn rubbed his braided beard and glanced sidelong at Lord Lathris.
“What’s the catch? There is always a catch with Elves,” Bronn growled.
“Just your silence, for it shall be the weapon of the new king,” Lord Lathris said regarding Bronn intently.
Bronn took a deep breath. 
“Lord’s mercy… that is quite the load to lay on one isn’t it.”
“You are one of the ten, an Immortal. You gave up your throne for a greater purpose. As such, you are beyond politics and can be trusted with the information I have just gifted you with.”
“And the boy?” Bronn said, inclining his head towards me.
“He is one of the ten now. I’m sure you will instruct him appropriately.”
Bronn growled. 
“Aye, that I will.”
I had absolutely no idea what they were talking about. That it was important, I had no doubt. Bronn and Lathris both spoke as if the information wasn’t for just anyone’s ears. 
“What is Skystone?” I asked.
Bronn grunted. 
“You know it as meteorite, I believe. It is extremely rare in this world and holds special magical properties. The colors of Skystone are matched to the types of magic. There are perhaps a dozen weapons in existence made of Skystone. None is blue.”
Gill joined us and greeted me with a bear hug.
“Banishment… never thought I’d have to go through that,” he laughed.
“Better than rotting in a Blood Elf dungeon,” Bronn said gruffly.
“On that we agree good King,” Gill laughed. “I don’t think our stay was going to become any more pleasant with time.”
“How is the girl?” Bronn asked.
Gill looked back towards where Toby sat on the ground holding Carla tightly, his laughter died and a stricken look came over his face. “I doubt she will recover from her wounds anytime soon.”
“Once we finish this business, I will be paying this Memron a visit. This time with an army at my back,” Bronn growled angrily.
“I would join you if you’ll have me. Lord Memron has much to atone for,” Gill said.
“What happened? What did they do to her?” I said with a sinking feeling inside.
Bronn looked up at me his face horribly grim. 
“Lord Memron tortured the poor girl, cowardly son of a maggot. I will wreck my vengeance upon the Blood Elves for her.” 
“We could hear her screams from our cells,” Gill said. I could see his eyes welling up with tears.
“Ivy… healed her,” I breathed, suddenly overcome with emotion. 
“Some wounds never quite heal Master Gunn,” Lord Lathris said quietly, resting a hand on my shoulder. “When this is over, she should spend some time in Lor Lorenith… I think it would do much to speed her recovery.”
Tears raced down my face. I couldn’t believe Carla had been tortured. What had she done to deserve it?
I left them and walked over to where Toby sat on the ground rocking Carla in his arms. I could see the anguish on his face. I had never seen Toby cry. It broke my heart seeing his tear stained face. I knelt beside him and hugged them both. At some point Ivy and Brianna joined our hug. We sat there on the grass, in front of the Elven Woods on a foreign world and wept, wrapped in a deep purple glow of healing.


Chp. 47

A gentle hand gripped my shoulder softly, and I looked up to find Guldan’s impossibly handsome face looking down at me. I saw the sorrow in his eyes.
“We must be away Immortal,” he said softly.
I nodded. 
“Let’s finish this,” I said.  
“Come on Carla,” said Toby gently. “Lets go home.”
Carla managed an almost imperceptible nod.
“I have a gift for you Carla,” I said, standing up. Reaching into my tunic top I pulled out the chain Queen Illithril had given me.
Toby helped Carla stand up. She looked at me with haunted eyes. I put the golden chain around her neck.
“The Queen of the Fairies gave me this for you,” I said trying to hold back more tears. I needed to be strong for her.
“Really?” she whispered, reaching a hand up to touch the thin links.
“She told me it was a gift worthy of a kingdom.”
“Thank you, Jake.”
I stepped forward and bent down to give her a hug. 
“It’s magic,” I whispered in her ear so no one else could hear. “I think it might makes it so that you can change into any animal you have touched.”
She pulled back from me. 
“Really?” she said, and for a moment the old spark came back into her eyes.
“I think so. Just remember I’m allergic to cats,” I said, smiling down at her.
She reached inside her tunic and pulled out the Zil’kris. The dark dagger seemed to absorb the light as she held it out to me.
“I was going to use it on him, when the light caught me. Take it, Jake,” she said hollowly.
“No Carla, it’s yours.” 
“Hail Immortal.” A melodic female voice said from behind me. “We allow you to bring two death drinkers through our woods and you return with three?”
 I turned and saw a beautiful, exotic elven woman standing just outside the woods. Guldan turned a second later, and her smile faltered. She bowed and kept her head down.
“My prince,” Andorthil said.
“You would still call me such?” Guldan grimaced.
She slowly raised her eyes up, looking at Guldan apprehensively.
“You are the eldest son of the King, Prince Guldan,” she replied. “You are heir to his throne regardless of your… choices.” 
Guldan’s chuckle was bittersweet. He walked up to Andorthil and kissed her lightly on the forehead. 
“Did our friendship survive my betrayal? Should I dare hope little Andorthil… or would you take that dream from me?”
Her beautiful cat-like eyes narrowed. 
“The promise I made when we were young still holds, even now.”
Guldan smiled down at her, stepping back. 
“You serve my brother now I’m told. Where is dear Halifor?”
“I am here Death drinker,” said a tall elf emerging from the trees. I watched the Elven Prince walk lightly up to stand in front of Guldan. It was the same elf who had ordered us surrounded when we entered the woods. Apparently he didn’t need an interpreter at all.
Guldan’s smile was forced. 
“Hail little brother.”
Prince Halifor looked at Guldan with sorrow. 
“When the ‘Light Bearer entered our woods I sensed your return would follow, Guldan. Father lies ill.”
Guldan’s brow drew together in a frown. 
“Lathris didn’t tell me…”
“He will always feel the sting of thy betrayal most, brother,” Prince Halifor sighed. “He would see me take our father’s place when he makes the long journey. I’m afraid our baby brother will never understand thy decisions.”
“And you dear, brother?” Guldan asked.
Halifor’s laughter carried a note of sorrow. 
“Me?” he said shaking his head. “The creator graced me with long life, not immortality, Guldan, and glad I am for it. I admit that I don’t understand why you left our people and became a death drinker, but I know you did it with cause. You were never one to entertain a whim. Has the reason for your betrayal come to fruition?”
He said this last, looking at me. I reached into my pocket and brought forth the Cardinal Ruby holding out for him to see.
Prince Halifor’s eyes went wide, and he looked back at Guldan. Guldan smiled and nodded.
Halifor embraced Guldan and spun him around, laughing. Guldan’s smile said it all. After a moment Halifor let go of Guldan and slapped him on the back.
“Then it was all worth it,” he said.
“It was.” 

More elves exited the forest and positioned themselves around us as a guard. Halifor tasked a couple of them with binding Coach. When his cursing became intolerable, they gagged him. When he tried to run, they bound his feet and tied him to a pole so they could carry him like some game being brought back from a hunt. 
As we ate a small meal of dried fruits and venison at the foot of the incredible trees, I noticed Brianna’s frequent glances at Guldan. Aside from her new aura, she looked and acted the same as she had before. Well, that’s not entirely true, she did seem to have a certain sparkle in her eye, and now I knew why. 
Even though he was in deep conversation with Halifor, Guldan’s gaze lingered on her several times as well. Lord Lathris sat next to me, pointedly avoiding his brothers.
“He turned her, you know,” Lathris said to me, as I watched Brianna. I nodded, I had guessed as much.
“And I let him,” the elf growled at himself. “I let him.”
“You were there?” I asked confused.
Lord Lathris nodded. 
“I was her captor.”
“What? I thought you were injured and brought back here. Why did Guldan lie to us?”
“If he had told you the quest would fail if he wasn’t allowed to turn her into a death drinker, would you have allowed it?”
Apparently Lord Lathris had, but I shrugged. He was right though; I honestly doubted any of us would have gone along with it. 
“What did turning her have to do with the quest though?”
The blonde elf looked at me and sighed deeply. 
“Because of an ancient, obscure prophecy told among my people. It’s long, and mostly gibberish as prophecies are want to be, but there is but one part that is clear:

Un-blooded Queen and Bloody King. 
In shadowed land the demon’s sing
Loose the fallen, a broken stone.
A Vampire Queen, her fate unknown
Embraced is evil if with a ring
Un-blooded Queen weds Bloody King.

 “And so I embraced an evil, to forestall a greater evil,” Lord Lathris said looking as if his heart had broken.
Bronn who sat on Lathris’s other side put a thick arm around the elf’s shoulder.
“Just as your brother did, young Prince,” he said. 
Guldan had turned her so she wasn’t un-blooded any longer. At least that part made sense, if anything that had happened so far in this world made sense. 


Before we entered the woods, Guldan took me aside and instructed me on how to create a light that would follow above me. He pulled energy in and a spinning sphere of flame appeared between his palms. He threw it up above his head where it hung motionless until he took a step, it moved with him remaining at the same height.
After listening and watching, I gathered in magic and I willed another light into being. I extinguished the old one with a thought and took a couple of steps. I was pleased when the new light remained above me. 
After Prince Halifor dispersed his warriors and set a marching order, we entered the woods. Halifor and Guldan led the way followed by Brianna, Carla, Toby and Lathris.  Andorthil and Ivy walked together behind them, chatting and giggling beneath the monstrous trees. The two had resumed their friendship immediately. It was nice to see Ivy so happy. I couldn’t help but stare she was so beautiful. Gill and I followed them, hanging back enough so as not to overhear everything they said. Behind us, Pierre brought up the rear with the two elves that carried Coach between them. Pierre insisted on guarding McNally even though Coach was trussed up and dangling from a pole held by the two elves.

Gill who would never be described as quiet, was as awestruck by the woods as I was, even though we had both been in among the gigantic trees before. We hardly spoke as we walked the loam-covered trails, past massive, smooth tree trunks, shivering ferns and berry-laden bushes. Every now again one of us would point at some strange iridescent bird, bizarre glowing plant or other beautiful marvel and we’d both stare in wonder.
The woods around us were alive with sound of nocturnal creatures going about their nightly business. Far off in the distance a wolf cried out its mournful song and was joined by another in a different direction. Had I not been surrounded by renowned warriors and escorted on all sides by elven hunters, the unearthly sound of the wolves’ howling would have scared the crap out of me.
After a few hours hike, I began to get de-sensitized to the majestic beauty surrounding me, and my thoughts turned to what lay before me. I couldn’t give Brianna’s father the ruby. That much I had worked out. I didn’t know what to do with it though. I needed to find out how long the binding would last in my world. I knew it needed to go back to the realm it was created in, but how long did I have? Once I somehow got it to the other realm, who did I give it to?
Then there was the question of Coach McNally. Did we dare bring him back with us? If released, we’d be in near constant danger. I couldn’t see any alternative but to ask the elves to keep him.
After what we knew about her father, I couldn’t see Brianna returning home either. There were still a lot of questions regarding his roll in all of this, but most of the answers to those questions tended to put him in a very bad light. Unless Guldan went through, I doubted very much if Brianna would.
Brianna’s father was the real unknown in returning. What he would do when he found out we’d returned and weren’t going to giving him the Cardinal Ruby, or hadn’t delivered Brianna as planned? There was no way of telling with any certainty. He undoubtedly had the means to do anything he wished, being a billionaire. That is, if he had survived the attack by the Vampire Council.
That got me thinking. What if the attack wasn’t over? I counted backwards trying to figure out how long I’d been in this dangerous, yet wondrous and chaotic world. Had it only been eleven days? It felt like so much longer. How much time had passed in my world? I was pretty decent with math, but not remotely as good as Brianna. I was sure she could have told me right away. 
If there were fifteen seconds to an hour difference between worlds, and twenty-four hours in a day… fifteen times twenty-four equaled… three-hundred-and-sixty. That meant that every day here was approximately six minutes back in my world. I shook my head in disbelief. That meant we’d only been gone sixty-six minutes. That was an hour and six minutes? It didn’t seem possible, but I rechecked my math several times and came up with the same thing each time.
The attack on Mr. Kline’s estate might not have even started yet, if Brianna’s father was to be believed about an attack coming at all. If he was telling the truth, then we might be walking right into the middle of a battle. I felt my empty scabbard where Gwensorloth should have been, and realized how much I’d come to rely on having a sword.

It was still dark when we arrived at a clearing with the hill in the middle. I looked around for a few minutes before I realized where I was. I couldn’t see the granite stone on top of the table so I pushed more energy into the light and willed it to rise up above the hill. Guldan nodded at me and winked. I made the light bright enough so we could see pretty well at the bottom of the hill. Using magic to make light was becoming easier and easier. I wondered briefly at how crazy that was.
Toby came up to me smiling. 
“We’ve been gone just one hour and eight minutes according to Brianna. We’ll be back in time for dinner.”
“My parent’s won’t even be home yet,” I said returning his smile with one of my own.
“You can eat over at my place. Think Mom’s cookin chops.” 
“You would remember that,” I laughed.
“Mom’s chops… you know how good they are Jake-O,” Toby grinned.
I did. Toby’s Mom made just about the best BBQ I’d ever eaten. Her pork chops were truly amazing. Toby’s father didn’t seem to mind at all that his wife did the barbequing at their house. Usually barbequing was a point of pride with men. My dad bragged about his grill, to other guys. Toby’s father bragged about his wife’s grill and no one in their right mind ever made fun of him for it. Being nearly seven-feet tall and three hundred pounds might have had something to do with it.
“It’s not over yet Tob,” I said putting aside my sudden hunger. “We might be walking right into the middle of a battle between Mr. Kline and the Vampire Council.”
Toby grimaced. 
“I forgot about that.”

Halifor called everyone together. More than two-dozen lithe shapes melted out of the edges of the darkness into the light. The elven hunters looked so confident and proud. I wished at that moment that I had their courage. Halifor’s gaze took in everyone gathered before him, and he nodded. I felt my heart beginning to race until Ivy appeared at my side and slipped her warm hand into mine.
“And so the ancient evil finally leaves this land. May all weep with joy on the morrow, as for tonight, let us honor the courage and sacrifice of those who have fallen, and those divinely chosen to complete the quest. Hail!” 
“HAIL!” shouted the elves gathered around us. 
Prince Halifor inclined his head towards Guldan. 
“So what is the plan now big brother? Will you return with us to Lor Lorenith?” 
“I’m afraid our quest isn’t finished just yet,” Guldan said looking at me.
“What can I do to help?” Halifor asked.
Guldan pointed to Coach who was lying in the grass still bound and gagged. Pierre stood over him, the tip of his sword in the hollow of Coach McNally neck. “This scoundrel needs to stay here,” Guldan said. “Would you be willing to take responsibility for him?”
Halifor grimaced as though he’d swallowed a bite of tart, green apple. “If I must,” he replied. “Will the esteemed pirate Rochelle be joining us in his guard?”
Pierre shrugged. 
“I will.”
Pierre was a pirate captain? What the hell? I caught his eye, and he shrugged yet again. 
“You have my thanks little brother,” Guldan said. “King Hammervil and I will act as escorts. As members of the ten, it is our responsibility to see this through to the end.”
“I would go as well, if you’ll have me,” Gill said, looking at me. “I would like to see this world of yours Jake.”
“Of course,” I said looking away from Pierre. “But we might be walking into a battle…”
“And you should know guardsmen, that your blade may be of little consequence there. They shoot metal projections out of various sized sticks in that world.” Guldan interrupted. “The metal flies through the air so fast it can’t be seen. Whatever it hits, it goes through.”
There was a lot of murmuring amongst the elves gathered around us. Gill seemed to weight the dangers, then shrugged.
“I’m in,” he said. 
“Will the stone be in danger, Death Drinker?” Lord Lathris asked frowning at his brother.
Guldan looked at his little brother and sighed, nodding. 
“There is a good probability it will be Lathris.”
“Why?”
 “The portal leads to the estate of an ancient vampire named Mephiso. It was he that sent his daughter off to fulfill the prophecy of the Un-blooded Queen. And it was he that gave the ruby to Jake for this quest, under the condition that it be brought back if the quest was successful. He most assuredly still has an interest in the stone.
Before it was given to Jake, he used it to threaten and blackmail members of the Vampire Council into doing his will. There was evidence that he used that power to drive a wedge between the Vampire Council and the Blood Elves.”
Lord Lathris held up a hand. 
“Hold Guldan! You would have us believe this creture is playing all sides in this?”
“There is very little doubt of that, my brother.” Guldan answered. “The question is why. What his agenda really is, I’m afraid I don’t know.”
Bronn stepped forward. 
“By my father’s beard, he’s the Demon seed!”
Silence followed Bronn’s statement. Even the woods seemed to grow quiet. My mouth suddenly went dry and a chill ran up my spine.
“He can’t be,” Brianna whimpered suddenly, collapsing in tears. Guldan caught her and held her tightly.
“But the Demon’s trapped! Can it still work its evil through a minion?” Lathris asked.
“When the Demon entered the stone, its connection to this world, and every other world was severed. If he is the seed, he is on his own now,” Guldan said still holding Brianna.
“And no longer draws power from the Demon…” 
“I do not know for sure brother, but I’m starting to think that may have been Mephiso’s plan all along,” Guldan said. “I smell Sir Nisbet’s hand in this.”
“Wily bastard!” Bronn’s laughter echoed out into the clearing. He slapped his knee repeatedly.
“I don’t understand,” Brianna said softly between tears.
“Come, let’s go get an explanation,” Guldan said kissing the top of her head.

I was confused. I had wondered why Sir Nisbet had been at Mr. Kline’s estate in the first place. It had led me to believe Brianna’s father was on our side in the beginning. The betrayal of his only daughter had changed my view. Now it appeared her father had played for all the sides. I didn’t understand why, and it was maddening. If he were the Demon’s seed why would he set in motion a plan that would destroy his connection with the Demon? I wanted to blame someone for all that had happened. My rage at Carla’s torture, Ivy’s injuries in the dungeon, and my lost innocence needed an outlet.
Ivy squeezed my hand as we walked up to the hill towards the dark granite table. I willed the light hanging above it to soften. When we reached the top, we gathered in a circle around the mysterious stone slab.
“The difference in timing between the worlds shouldn’t effect us much going that way. Our only worry is arriving in the same spot as one another.”
“That would be bad?” Toby asked.
Guldan smiled at Toby. 
“Extremely. Two people cannot occupy the same space at the same time.”
“Ouch,” Toby winced at the thought.
“Three at a time, I’d say,” Bronn said, folding his hands over his massive chest.
“Agreed,” Guldan said. “As soon as you arrive on the other side, move immediately please.”
“One second there equals four minutes here.” Brianna said, wiping the tears from her eyes and composing herself somewhat. “Ten minutes should give us two and a half seconds to move before the next person arrives.”
 Guldan looked down at her and raised his eyebrows. 
“Really?”
Brianna smiled up at him her eyes puffy and red from crying and nodded.
“Each group of three will wait ten minutes before going through then,” Guldan said. “Halifor, will you keep the time for us?”
“I shall brother,” he replied.
“Good. Bronn, Gill and I go first, followed by Toby, Carla and Jake, then Brianna, and Ivy.”
“I will go with the ladies,” Lord Lathris said. “I would not have them make the journey alone.”
Guldan smiled at his brother who looked away. 
“It is settled then. On my mark we sit. Ready?”
“Don’t hold your breath Gill,” I said.
He nodded and winked at me.
Bronn and Gill moved into position.
“3, 2, 1.” Guldan said.
All three sat down at the same time, and promptly vanished.

“Excited about being able to use your cell, Carls?” Toby asked.
Carla shook her head. 
“I left it back in that bastard’s castle.”
“I have some money saved up. We’ll get you another tomorrow.”
Carla smiled briefly. 
“Thanks babe.”
“Come to think of it, mine’s gone as well. Guess I won’t be able to see how many hits your Youtube post of Jake-O getting leveled by that Defensive end has until I get home and check it out on my computer.”
“Great,” I sighed shooting Toby a dark look.
“Don’t worry love,” Ivy said squeezing my hand. “I’m sure it has gone viral.”
Toby laughed and Carla smiled.
I rolled my eyes and pretended to be ambivalent, but the truth was that for the first time in eleven days I felt like things might return to the way they had been before this all began. It would never be fully the same of course, but it just might be close enough that life would be enjoyable again.
It’s funny how time slows when you are waiting for it, and rushes along when you are oblivious to it. I watched Prince Halifor bathed in his honey-colored amber glow talking quietly with Lord Lathris who’s aura was more cream-colored. They were so regal, so elegant and graceful. Both were Princes among their people as was Guldan. Even after everything that had happened, it was still surreal to be standing this close to elves, much less royalty. The amazing deference paid to them by the other elves was not only noticeable but felt like it honored the servant as much as the royal.
Neither looked much older than twenty-five, but I knew they were in reality, far, far older. Their body types were similar, but Lord Lathris seemed like perhaps he was the more muscular of the two. Guldan by comparision was taller than either and easily heavier. That isn’t so say that any one of the three would have been called muscular as a description.
“Take care Dear Heart,” Ivy said, burying her head in my chest.
I put my arms around her and gave up concentrating on anything but the smell of her hair and the feeling of her body pressed against me.
“It will be okay,” I whispered softly. “This will all be just a crazy memory soon.”
She squirmed against me, and I became even more aware of certain parts of her body.
“I don’t plan on letting you off that easily Dear Heart,” she purred.
I smiled, feeling abnormally warm.
“Next three,” Halifor said. “Get ready.” 
Ivy gave me an extra squeeze before letting go.
I took a couple of deep breaths and got close to the granite table along with Toby and Carla. I checked my pocket for the ruby again, and was satisfied it wouldn’t go anywhere.
“Fare thee well ‘Light-Bearer’,” Halifor said smiling at me. “3, 2, 1.”
I sat down.

One second I was sitting, the next I was once more hanging weightlessly in bizarre light filled tube. The current whipped me around again as though I was being pounded by a wave at the beach, and I pulled my arms into my body as I had on my first trip through the portal. I concentrated on breathing normally and kept my eyes open. The tube twisted and turned like a cosmic waterslide. I was going home. A part of me felt a sudden enormous sadness, the other part cheered triumphantly.
Suddenly, I found myself surrounded by a stormy twilight, seated on the edge of the bench inside the fairy ring. A wave of nausea and dizziness hit me. Something was missing, I didn’t feel quite right. I remembered about getting up and moving even as a pair of hands helped me to stand and move away from the bench. Gill’s face formed in the gathering darkness. He seemed tense. I felt my pocket and my hand brushed over the lump in my pocket filling me with relief. But something still wasn’t right.
“You okay?” Gill said, looking me in the eyes. I nodded as large drops of rain pressed through the wind whipped trees surrounding the fairy ring, pelting my face and hands. It grew even darker as sheet of rain came down. I thought about making a light and suddenly it hit me what was missing. Magic. I looked down at my hands as Gill pulled me another step away from the bench, then left me. I wasn’t glowing blue, or was I? If I concentrated, I could see the barest suggestion of blue.
Gill returned with Ivy a moment later.
“You guys okay?” he asked. “That was… interesting.”
I nodded, and attempted a smile. Ivy hugged me tightly as a sheet of lightning in the roiling clouds above me lit the clearing. All of us had made it through.
As the lightning faded, beams of light crisscrossed the space around us making dancing points of light on everyone. Lazer sights! I was about to pull Ivy and Gill to the ground when a deep voice shouted out through the wind-blown rain.
“Lord Kline requests an audience with you,” said a dark clad figure moving around one of the trees outside the fairy ring. “You are surrounded. Please move away from the bench and place your hands in the air. My orders are to bring you inside alive, but I’ll bring you in wounded or dead if I have to.”
“Do as he says,” Bronn growled from the other side of the bench. “The metal projectiles follow the beams of light.”
Reluctantly, I let go of Ivy and put my hands up. I could see that everyone else had raised their hands as well.
“Wise decision,” said the figure. “Keep your hands raised and make a line in front of me please. My lord ordered me to congratulate you on your return. Are there anymore coming through the gate?”
“No. It is just us,” Guldan said nonchalantly, walking towards the man speaking.
I looked at the beam that dotted Ivy’s chest and followed it back to the dark figure pointing the gun. I concentrated on the source of the light and released my will. The laser sight sputtered and then stopped shinning. I grinned as I heard a small curse. I didn’t feel quite so helpless.


Chp. 48
 
 We followed the combat-dressed leader out of the grove surrounded by other men dressed in para-military gear. I noticed as we walked across the grass towards the mansion that only some of the men had their guns trained on us, most scanned through the downpour and gathering darkness around us with their laser beams, as if expecting an attack. 
“The Vampire Council hasn’t attacked yet, eh?” I said aloud to a man nearby. “Hope you have some wooden bullets in that thing.”
He didn’t say anything, but I could tell by his movements that he was scared.
Toby laughed in front of me. 
“Doubt that would do any good.”
“Soyez silencieux!” the man said in French.
The wind whipped leaves and other debris up around us as the clouds opened up even more. A torrential downpour began in earnest. The rain obscured my vision, but I could have sworn I saw movement near some bushes surrounding the patio we were about to enter.
“You see that Tob?” I whispered loud enough for him to hear.
“Yup,” Toby confirmed.
“Silencieux!” the man growled.

The flagstones of the patio were slick because of the impossibly heavy rain. I could feel the traction give slightly beneath my leather boots as I stepped across them. With the footing so treacherous, there wasn’t going to be much we could do.
“Get ready Tob,” I said.
It happened so fast I couldn’t do more than pull Ivy down.
The sound of suppressed machine gun fire erupted around us, the spent cartridges tumbled onto the flagstones, ringing out dully. Impossibly fast, dark shapes blurred around the bushes leaping towards our guards. Some of the shapes seemed to shiver in the air as bullets riddled their bodies. The Frenchmen beside me opened up on one shape hitting it repeatedly as another dark cloaked shape lifted him from the ground and threw him into a low stone wall with a sickening crunch.
“Get inside!” Guldan’s clear voice rang out in the confusion.
I struggled to my feet holding Ivy closely and ran behind Toby and Carla towards the French doors leading into the Mansion. A dark shape appeared beside Carla and then cried out in mortal agony, dropping to the pavement. I briefly recognized the Zil’kris in her hand.
 To my left, I saw Bronn go down as his thick right leg erupted in blood. Gill was there immediately, helping him to his feet once more.
Toby didn’t bother opening the glass door, but charged right through it instead. The glass shattered into a million fragments, dusting Carla with tiny shards of glass as he pulled her after him into the mansion. Moments later Ivy and I joined them, followed by Gill, Bronn and Lord Lathris who held Brianna in his arms.
The patio outside was a macabre battle scene as Vampires swarmed around the mercenaries who sprayed bullets at their attackers. The un-earthly screams of the vampires mixed with the shouts of the men trying to form ranks. Laser sights and muzzle flashes mixed with the lightning. Several large explosions rang out accompanying the thunder as a couple of the soldiers managed to throw grenades at their attackers.
Guldan leapt through the broken door, sword in hand.
“Hurry!” he shouted. “Through that door!” he said pointing further into the mansion. He whipped around suddenly, his blade a blur. A dark clad figure lurched to the side, headless, then exploded into dust.
We hurried through the door and into a hallway. Guldan was the last to enter shutting the door behind him.
“We need to block this,” he said. “Find something, hurry!”
Toby grabbed the end of a massive cabinet along the wall and slid it towards the door. Gill and I pushed the other side until it was in place.
Splinters flew inward as someone on the other side emptied a magazine of bullets into the door. Fortunately no one in the hallway was hit.
“Help me bind it!” Ivy was saying. I turned and saw her working on Bronn’s leg. It was pumping blood at an alarming rate.
“It’s nothing lass!” the stout dwarf growled, but he let her work on it. Gill ripped the sleeve from his shirt and handed it to her. Her hands glowed, but not nearly so brightly as they had in the other world. Beneath her hands the bleeding slowed, and then stopped. She tied the cloth around his leg and knotted it tightly.
“That’s the best I can do for now,” she said.
“Thanks lass,” Bronn smiled, pulling his huge axe free from his back.
He nodded at Guldan who returned his nod.
“Over here Magi,” Lathris said. “Lady Brianna needs your help.”
Guldan rushed over and helped Lathris lay Brianna down on the carpeted flooring of the hallway. She was unconscious. From where I stood, I could see a nasty gash over her temple. As Ivy hurried to over to join them, Bronn grabbed my shoulder.
“We need to secure this hallway. You and your giant friend guard the doors at that end. The guardsmen and I will take the other. Go!”
Toby heard and nodded to me. Together we sprinted around the group caring for Brianna and ran down the hall towards a set of large oaken doors.

When we arrived at the doors, I reached for Gwensorloth and let a small curse out finding the scabbard empty again. Toby pulled his massive war hammer off of his belt and shrugged at me.
“Say ello to my lil frien,” Toby whispered, doing his best Scarface impression.
“Bastard,” I whispered back laughing at the absurdity of his timing.
Putting my ear against he door, I heard boots pounding against the floor on the other side as reinforcements ran past. I put a finger to my lips. Toby nodded, then looked behind me in the hallway, a shocked look on his face.
“Fifi?” he whispered.
I turned and saw Toby’s Rottweiler padding up to us.
“What the… Carla?” I asked shocked. 
The huge dog rubbed against me affectionately, then went over to Toby and sniffed his crotch.  Toby crouched down and hugged the dog.
“Carls, is that you?” he asked the dog in astonishment.
The huge dog put its mouth around Toby’s forearm and gnawed it playfully.
“Son of a bitch!” Toby whispered in awe.
If I had a gun the first thing I’d shoot would be a charging Rottweiler. 
“They have guns, Carla, that might not be the safest thing to be right now,” I whispered.
“Yeah Carls… “ Toby began, as the Rottweiler began to shimmer, becoming indistinct.
I watched spellbound as the shape seemed to collapse upon itself then started to resemble a bird of some kind. The feathers became more defined, until the shimmering faded altogether and a small hawk unfolded its wings and jumped into the air. It flew around Toby and I once before landing on Toby’s massive shoulder.
The beautiful raptor stared at Toby’s face and cocked its head sideways. Toby stood back up mesmerized, a wonder-filled grin on his face.
“Wow…” he breathed, “can you change into anything?” 
I could have sworn the sparrow hawk shrugged.
“Maybe sometime you can change into Melisa Lambert then, and…”
The tiny hawk reached forward and bit Toby’s nose.
“Ow!” Toby winced. “Just kidding Carls.”
I laughed quietly as Toby rubbed his nose. Several more concussions reverberated through the walls bringing me back to the danger of our situation. I looked back down the hallway and saw the others hurrying towards us.  I glanced at Toby with the hawk on his shoulder. He had his game face on again, gripping the massive war hammer tightly.
Guldan was the first to arrive. He looked at the bird on Toby’s shoulder curiously for a moment, and then he nodded towards the door. 
“Troops ran past a few minutes ago,” I whispered.
“Okay, Lady Brianna says this door leads to another hallway. The third door on the right will take us into the servant’s quarters. From there we can get to Mephiso’s throne room.”
“He’s got a throne room?” I whispered back incredulously.
Guldan smirked. 
“Apparently so. That’s where she thinks we’ll find him.”
The others arrived as he finished talking. Ivy and Lathris were supporting Brianna between them. She seemed a little unsteady on her feet, but she was awake.
I put my ear to the door and listened, ignoring the pounding of my heart. I couldn’t hear anything and turned, nodding to Guldan. Returning my attention to the door, I turned the handle slowly and pulled the door open just enough to look into the other hallway. Like everything in the mansion it was extraordinarily opulent. It was wide enough to drive a car through and lined with bronze busts of famous leaders throughout history. The walls were hung with large paintings depicting historic battle scenes.
I didn’t see anyone to the right and opened the door a little bit more to see down the left hand side. The huge hallway was clear for the moment, so I stepped through the doorway praying another group of soldiers wouldn’t appear.
Hurrying down the hallway, I opened the third door on the right, and seeing the passage empty, gestured for everyone to follow as another series of explosions went off somewhere.
I held open the door for the others, then closed it after Gill and Bronn who were bringing up the rear. I fell in behind them as we quietly made our way down the narrow corridor and into the servant’s quarters. There was no sign of servants or soldiers anywhere. Some of the doors we passed had been left open. The interior of the rooms showed signs of a hasty departure by the occupants. 
When we entered the kitchen, I saw the table where we’d eaten a quick meal before starting this adventure. It didn’t lessen my anxiety, but I did have a sense of where I was at least. If I had to I could probably find the front door.
Guldan turned down a corridor at Brianna’s suggestion, and we left the kitchen area. The corridor was mostly devoid of any type of decoration. The low-cut carpet was worn in the middle. It was obviously used by servants to carry food or other refreshments to areas of the mansion where guests wouldn’t observe them. Passing several branches that led to other parts of the immense structure, the corridor emptied into a large sitting room. Guldan and the others were stopped ahead of me, so I moved to the side to get a view of the room.
There were several doors leading from the immaculately appointed room.
“Which way?” Guldan asked.
Brianna pointed to a doorway opposite us just as it began to open. Guldan jumped over a red leather couch and sprinted to the opposite side of the doorway as the butler, Geeves, entered. He didn’t seem at all surprised to see us, and hardly flinched as Guldan’s sword pressed against his neck.
“The master will see you now,” Geeves said in his thick British accent.
Guldan closed the door behind Geeves and guided the servant further into the room.
“Put your hands where they can been seen,” Guldan said.
Geeves lifted his hands slowly. 
“I assure you, I an unarmed. If you would be so kind as to follow me, the Master and his quests await.”
“What are you playing at Geeves?” Brianna said, moving forward under her own power.
“Lady Brianna. Your father will be so pleased to see you,” Geeves said unruffled, attempting as much of a bow as he could with a sword blade held at his neck.
“Surprised you mean!” Brianna shot back.
“I highly doubt that Lady Brianna,” Geeves said, and then looked down at the sword pressing into his neck. “I can give surety Master Elf that I will attempt to do nothing that will lead to your harm. I was sent merely to lead you to the Master.”
Guldan lowered his sword.
“We are expected?” he asked.
“Of course. The Master would not have sent me to bring you along otherwise.”
I watched as Guldan sighed and sheathed his sword. 
“It appears the element of surprise is gone,” Guldan said, addressing our group. “It would seem that there is nothing left for us but to follow the butler to Mephiso.”
“I don’t trust this stuffy bastard Guldan!” Bronn growled.
“I completely agree my short friend… do you have a suggestion?” Guldan asked shrugging.
Bronn growled again, but shook his head.
“Be alert, under no circumstances does he gain that which is no longer his.” Guldan said looking at me. 
I nodded.
“If you lead us into a trap, I will let my dwarven friend here cleave you in two with his battle axe. Just so we understand one another,” Guldan said to Geeves, as though he were talking about the weather.
“Very good sir,” Geeves said in his irritatingly calm voice. “This way.”

The Kline’s butler led us through the door he had just come through and into a large, empty reception area. The room was at least twenty-five feet high where the painted white walls met the ornately carved ceiling. Two rows of chairs with red velvet cushions lined the walls before a massive door. 
Geeves walked to the door and drew it open.
“The Master and his guests await,” he said bowing before us with a gesture that we should enter.
From my place in the group, I couldn’t see much of the interior of the room aside from a golden ceiling and immense crystal chandeliers. As I filed through the door, I was aghast. The throne room was palatial in scope, and luxuriously appointed. From the golden ceiling to the golden throne it was grand beyond my imagination. Exquisitely sewn banners hung from the walls down to a marble floor that had been inlaid with gold and semi-precious gems.
“Come in, come in, we’ve been expecting you,” said Brianna’s father from where he sat upon the throne opposite the door. A group of heavily cloaked figures with their hoods drawn low to hide their features stood to one side of the dais watching us as we entered. I almost recoiled from the wave of malevolence that emanated from them. I had a momentary flashback to the Chamber of Sacrifice, then looked away from them concentrating of the throne room instead.
The room was intimidating, much like the mage’s council chamber in Lockewood, I expected that was the intent here as well.
“The Vampire Council and I have just agreed to an armistice of sorts, until certain matters relating to your quest are brought to bear, that is,” Mr. Kline said, lightly as we drew nearer.
I glanced at the cloaked figures more closely and noted their pale features. They were vampires, obviously not of the Covenant. 
“Princes Guldan and Lathris, King Hammervil, may I have the honor of presenting the internal lords of the council of vampires,” Mr. Kline said indicting, the cloaked figures. Several of the figures inclined their heads briefly.
“Who are these others?” asked one of the Vampire lords from beneath his hood.
“Forgive me my breach of etiquette,” Kline pandered. “They are: ‘the Light-Bearer, the Guardian, the Brother-not, the Sorceress of Sighs, the Changeling, and my daughter, the Vampire Queen.”
The vampire council murmured at the introduction. The vampire who had spoken stepped forward.
“Were you successful Light-Bearer?” he asked eyes glowing a deep red.
I forced myself to stand tall, star back defiantly and nod.
“They were, just as I mentioned before they came in,” Kline offered.
The vampire held up his hand for silence. I saw a spark of anger briefly light Mr. Kline’s eyes, but he sat back on his throne and nodded towards Guldan.
“Indeed, the Demon is trapped. Being the demon’s seed Mephiso knows this,” Guldan said looking back at Mr. Kline.
Kline laughed. 
“Well done, Immortal. Indeed I was the Demon’s seed.”
“Was?” Bronn growled spinning the heavy battle-axe in his hand as though it was as light as a feather.
“Past tense, I assure you, King Hammervil,” Kline chuckled. “The moment the Light-Bearer trapped the Demon within the stone, I was no longer tied to the Demon.”
“Demon seed you still are, regardless of what capacity the fallen has to control you,” the vampire said raising his voice in anger and pointing a pale, withered finger at Brianna’s father. 
“Perhaps that is so, High Lord Belnar,” Mr. Kline said, holding his hands before him as if to show his innocence. “But it lost whatever power it had over me when it was captured within the stone. I was the last Demon seed. For now the stone either holds, or the Demon breaks free of its prison and Armageddon begins. There is no longer a half way and no reason to give any power to its seed if it is loosed. If anything, my defiance will earn me agonizing eternal punishment.”
“Defiance?” the loathsome vampire lord said curiously.
“Certainly, I helped set up the Demon’s fall.”


Chp. 49

I felt my hands starting to perspire as my heart began to speed up. Ivy was beside me as the first wave of adrenaline surged through me. She slipped her hand into mine as I started to concentrate on my breathing. I felt her calm flowing into me and nodded at her attempting a smile.
“Explain if you would,” Guldan said, folding his arms in front of his chest.
Mr. Kline smiled kindly at the confident elf. There was no hint of condescension or malice.
“I’ll admit I had a great deal of help, Lord Guldan,” Kline began.
“Sir Nisbet?” Guldan offered.
“That is correct. Sir Nisbet, Immortal Knight of the Royal Templar. Though I had known him for almost two thousand years, he came to me shortly after World War II ended and helped me prepare for the possession that was to come. How he knew I was next, I don’t know. He never told me,” Kline said, looking down at his hands. “Sir James taught me how to separate my mind, to make a place where my thoughts remained private, a place where I could keep my sanity. 
In the beginning, I was surprised how easily his training worked. As time moved on, it became harder and harder to seal my thoughts from the Demon. It was only with Sir Nisbet’s help I survived the possession without giving away our plans for his capture.
Together we poured our time and resources into figuring out how to end the possession. James was well learned in the art of interpreting prophecy and helped me set this course to end my link with the Demon for good. It was that course which has led to where we are now. So you see, I can’t take the credit alone, much of it was his plan.”
“That manipulating old bastard,” Bronn said chuckling, as he leaned on his battle-axe.
“The first part of our plan was to obtain the Cardinal Ruby. It took a vast amount of money and effort to come into its possession, but we managed to secure it. Possessing the ruby allowed me to turn the council away from its partnership with the blood elves.”
“Your manipulations ver not unknown to us, Mephiso. Ve did vat was in our best interest,” another of the vampires said with a thick Slavic accent. He sounded like Dracula. I didn’t find it funny or ironic at all. It was chilling. 
“I humbly thank you for that my lord,” Mr. Kline said, inclining his head to the vampire. “Without the council’s actions, Lord Memron and King Zildian would not have been vying for power of the Blood Elves and the introduction of the Binari prophecy wouldn’t have been possible.”
“The Un-blooded Queen?” said the vampire called Belnar.
“Exactly high lord.”
“A dark prophecy,” the vampire leader mused. “The counter to the prophecy that vanquishes the Demon.”
“The Balshira Prophecy, correct again my lord,” Kline said.
“A foolish gambit.”
“A necessary distraction, without which the quest to trap the Demon would surely have failed,” Kline said, leaning forward on his golden throne. “Am I correct in this Prince Guldan?”
Guldan sighed, then nodded.
Kline continued 
“Without putting that prophecy into play, I couldn’t have be assured the Immortal blooded prince here wouldn’t blood my daughter and ruin the counter prophecy.”
The cloaked vampire called Belnar shook his head beneath the hood. 
“In your arrogance you may have destroyed us all, Mephiso!” the vampire lord snarled. “A blooded Prince, soon to be King, blooded your daughter. You would set the Demon loose on us all!” 
“He will not be king!” Lord Lathris shouted, balling his hands into fists.
The vampire lord turned impossibly quick, and looked at the angry elven prince. 
“What is allowed and what truly is are two different things, young Prince. The minute your father draws his last breath, this immortal will be king whether or not he ever sits on the throne in Lor Lorenith.”
“No!” growled Lathris in pain and anguish.
“At that moment the Prophecy of the Vampire Queen will require only their marriage to come to fruition and the Demon will somehow be loosed,” said the vampire. “I’m sorry Prince Guldan, but you must die.”

Several of the vampires began to move forward. A hawk screeched and darted in front of Guldan who had drawn his sword. The bird shimmered, and Carla stood where a moment before there was a beautiful hawk. In her hand she held the Zil’kris pointing its blade toward the advancing vampires.
The vampires stepped back quickly as they saw the blade.
“A Zil’kris!” High Lord Belnar gasped aloud.
Carla stood defiantly, but I could tell she was frightened out of her mind. As she swung the blade back and forth I could hear her sobbing.
“It’s okay Lady Carla…” said Guldan, sheathing his blade.
“He abused me!” she wailed, shaking with anger and fright. “He drank my blood and painted his face with it!” 
“It’s over now Carla,” Guldan said softly, moving closer to her.
“It’s okay Carls,” Toby said stepping forward. “Give Guldan the knife.”
Seeing the girl before them sobbing, a couple of the vampires began to move forward again.
Carla started to collapse into tears and Guldan reached for the knife. A flash of light flattened Guldan as his hand touched the Zil’kris. Carla screamed and let go of the knife looking in horror at Guldan who lay stretched out on the marble floor.
“HOLD!” shouted Mr. Kline as Brianna cried out and went to Guldan’s side. Not knowing what else to do I jumped forward and picked up the Zil’kris pointing it towards the advancing vampires, who backed away again.
“Move back!” the high Lord of the Council of Vampires shouted. He was immediately obeyed.
I saw Toby pick Carla up and bring her back to the others out of the corner of my eye.
“It is done!” Kline said loud enough for all to hear. “The Blooded Prince will never become the Blooded King.”
“You did this father!” Brianna screamed, standing up and moving towards the dais and her father’s throne. “You set it all up. Now you’ve killed my love!”
“He lives,” Ivy said quietly.
“What?” Brianna said turning away from the dais.
I turned to look as well. Guldan still lay unconscious on the ground, but there was color in his cheeks. I hadn’t seen him when he wasn’t completely pale. He was even more beautiful if that was possible. I could see his lungs rising and falling with each breath he took.
“He’s alive,” Ivy said again.
Brianna rushed back to his side.
“What trick is this?” the vampire lord growled at Brianna’s father.
I turned back to face him holding the Zil’kris at the ready.
“I assure you it is no trick, High Lord,” Mr. Kline laughed standing up and walking down the steps of the dais.
“Explain Mephiso,” the vampire leader growled.
“He is no longer blooded,” Kline said coming over by where Guldan lay. “Check for yourself High Lord.”
The vampire started forward, then stopped as I pointed the knife at his chest.
“Let him pass Light-Bearer,” Mr. Kline said from beside me.
“Promise,” I said. “Promise you’ll do nothing to harm him.”
The vampire lord bowed his head. My hand was so slick I thought I might drop the ebon blade as my heart pounded in my chest. I managed to lower it and backed up to stand by Guldan. The vampire lord glided across the marble flooring and stood before Guldan peering down at him intently.
“It’s true, he’s mortal! His blood sings to me. How can this be?”
“He was of the covenant and never took blood,” Kline said, walking over to stand beside the vampire lord looking down at Guldan. “He is one of the ten. Touching the Zil’kris killed the undead part of him freeing his immortal self.”
The vampire lord turned and walked back to his fellows.
“There is still the matter of the stone,” said the undead lord. “It shall not pass into your hands again Mephiso.”
Mr. Kline turned away from Guldan to return to his throne, for a brief moment I felt like cutting his arm with the blade as he walked past, but my intuition argued against it.
Once he had returned to his throne and sat down, he spoke.
“I agree, and yet I would remain free of the council’s influence,” Mr. Kline said. “I will continue to abide by the covenant. I will not be deterred in that.”
With a gesture of his wizened hand the leader of the vampire called the other cloaked figures to gather around him. After a moment they separated.
“Done,” Lord Belnar said. “You shall speak for those who wish to abide by the covenant then. You will operate outside the council unless your actions or the actions of any of those who follow the covenant led us to change our minds. The Light-Bearer will remain the custodian of the stone until it can be returned to its own world and another guardian is found.”
“Thank you my lord. It shall be as you wish,” Mr. Kline said bowing at the waist from his throne of gold. 
“We shall be watching,” the vampire lord said, looking from Kline to me. I felt a shiver of dread at his glance.

The Vampire Council left the throne room silently through a side door. And just like that it was over. I realized I was covered in sweat as I replaced the Zil’kris in my boot. I didn’t want to get it anywhere close to Brianna. Guldan opened his eyes and sat up looking at his hands. Bronn gathered him up in a bear hug partially lifting him from the floor.
“Looks like yer just another Immortal now,” he growled happily. “All of yer sacrifices have paid off my friend, just as Sir James said they would.”
Guldan’s laughter was musical in a way I’d never heard it as he returned Bronn’s embrace. I couldn’t help but smile, hearing it. It was utterly contagious and soon we were all laughing.
When Bronn released him, Guldan reached for Brianna and pulled her close to him. She melted into his arms.
“I don’t have a kingdom to offer you my lady, or even a house come to think of it, but if you would have me, I will do my best to make our eternity bearable.”
Tears coursed down Bri’s cheeks as she brought her lips to his.
I looked at Toby and caught his eye. He shrugged and I couldn’t have agreed more.


Chp. 50

“If you would all care to come this way,” Geeves voice sounded from behind us as we were in the midst of congratulating each other.  “The staff and I will do our best to see that you can freshen up, and perhaps even change clothing before dinner is served. My Master will join you in the dining room shortly.”
I turned to look back at the dais and found the golden throne empty.
As we followed Geeves out of the throne room and entered the reception area a sea of servants rushed forward. Geeves assigned a servant to each of us before disappearing down a side passage. 
A rather beautiful, raven-haired serving girl curtsied in front of me. 
“If you would be so kind as to follow me sir. I’ll draw you a bath.”
“Turn off the charm already bud!” Toby said laughing as he ignored a solid elbow in the ribs from Carla.
A warm hand slid into mine from the side. Thankful for the distraction I turned and found myself immediately captivated by Ivy’s gorgeous face, smiling up at me in that coy, suggestive way she had. How she was still so amazingly gorgeous with everything we’d gone through was something I couldn’t begin to comprehend.
“If anyone draws him a bath it will be me,” Ivy said, managing to bit her lip.
Suddenly her arms were around my neck, her body pressed in comfortably to mine, and her sweet, full lips were inches from my own.
“If that’s okay with you, Dearheart,” she breathed.
“It is,” I managed to squeak.
Football, swords, vampires, elves, magic, a ruby holding a fallen angel, all of my disbelief, guilt and worry faded away as our lips met and she melted fully into my arms. It didn’t matter if the life I’d known had ended. The love and promise in her kiss let me know that no matter what the future might bring, I wouldn’t have to face it alone.


More books from T. Nisbet


Chronicles of the Eternal Guardian: Book 2
Bloodstone

Chronicles of the Eternal Guardian: Book 3
Return

Coming in August 2014
Ladri Principali 
About the Author

T. Nisbet developed an appetite for Science Fiction Fantasy by reading C.S. Lewis’ Narnia series while in the fourth grade. He continued to “feed his inner nerd” with works by J.R.R.Tolkien, Frank Herbert, Robert Jordan, David Eddings, Piers Anthony, Terry Brooks and Stephen R. Donaldson to name a few.

Chronicles of the Eternal Guardian is T. Nisbet’s first full length series, though his resume includes being a creative advisor for the movies: The Minority Report and Total Recall 2.

T. Nisbet currently resides on the central coast of California with his family. 

