



Immortals
Vol. II
Ra-Shin Strikes Back




B. D. Kush

Prologue


Under the bright Saudi Arabian sun, a lightly armoured vehicle travelled east along a sandy desert track. Sitting in the front of the large jeep were two armed men in tan uniforms. Quietly seated behind the men was a female figure in shorts and a white loose-fitting long-sleeve shirt. It was clear that the woman was a hostage with her hands restrained before her and a cloth hood concealing her face. 
The two soldier-like figures in the front of the vehicle were co-workers named Benjamin Biggs and Wedge Thompson. Ben was a thirty-six-year-old Caucasian male with a slightly heavy build and short brown hair. Wedge was an athletic thirty-nine-year-old black man of average height and a muscular physique.
Ben drove the vehicle as Wedge sat next to him with a large map in hand. The vehicle started to slow and come to a complete stop as it approached a three-way junction with the road signs written in Arabic. 
After waiting a few seconds for directions, Ben turned to his colleague. “Where’s the town?” he asked impatiently. 
After studying the paper for a moment, Wedge lowered the map and tried to read the writing on the faded sign before replying, “Go right.”
“About time,” Ben commented as he shifted the vehicle into drive. 
“Well, I’m sorry,” Wedge snapped sarcastically. “Do you want to do the navigating? At least I have experience reading and speaking Egyptian Arabic. All you do is drive the damn car.” Wedge folded the map as they drove down the deserted road. “We’re an hour behind schedule. It would be so much easier with GPS.”
Ben did not take his eyes off the road as he responded to the passenger. “Not my fault someone smashed it in the last raid,” Ben explained defensively.
“But when I asked if you had your phone, why would you say yes and not mentioned that your battery was dead?” Wedge snapped back. 
“Because I knew we had a map,” Ben replied calmly. “And I wasn’t waiting around camp another damn minute. We lucked out with this assignment. We should count our blessings.”
“Maybe for the best,” Wedge agreed. “I heard they’re putting a new general in charge. The captain said this one was even more eccentric. After the last one, I didn’t think that’s possible. Where do they get these guys?”
“Nepotism at its finest,” remarked Ben, shaking his head. “But knowing that I might request a transfer. Do you think they’ll let us stay on the ship? I don’t care if they want me scrubbing toilets. Just don’t send me back.” Ben appeared genuinely worried over the prospect of returning to base camp. 
“We have to take the prisoner to Dammam,” Wedge explained. “You never know. Maybe they’ll have another assignment for us.”
“Dammam?” Ben questioned. “What are they doing over there?”
Wedge glanced over at his partner, confounded. “Were you even listening to the briefing? Where did you think we were going?”
“I didn’t give two shits where we were going,” Ben said firmly. “I needed out of there. That last raid was too much for me. I almost died; my life flashed before my eyes.”
Wedge did not respond as he listened to his venting co-worker overstate the perils of their recent assignment. 
“Ya know, Wedge,” Ben said with a sigh. “Sometimes, I wonder if this job is worth it. If it wasn’t for the fact that it was August and Marlene’s tuition is due soon, I would never have signed up. I don’t think I can take any more of this crazy shit.”
“Speak for yourself,” Wedge snorted. “I did two tours in Afghanistan. Compared to the real military, this job is a cakewalk. I’ll take some fire and lightning over bullets and IEDs any day.” 
Ben laughed. “We’re in the Middle fucking East!” he exclaimed. “Bullets and bombings come with the territory. Fuck, in the last month alone, we entered two separate war zones to catch these creatures. If they don’t kill us, the locals will!” 
“I don’t know why you’re whining. Our unit hasn’t had a single fatality,” Wedge retorted as he scanned the area for any sign of hostiles. “You have to admit, Ra-Shin gives us the tools to get the job done. There’s no expense spared when the company wants something. And I have no complaints about the money. The per diem alone pays for my nanny. We have four kids. My wife would kick my ass if I even suggested quitting this job to re-enlist. You don’t know how well you have it.”
Realizing his friend had a point, Ben ceased complaining. “Maybe I just need a vacation. That last raid was a close call. Something about it didn’t feel right like they knew we were coming. And now they have this woman working with them,” Ben added while motioning towards the hostage. “I can understand going after an invasive species, but this girl is one of us and American, for that matter.”
“She’s just some snoopy journalist,” Wedge explained. “She should consider herself lucky we got a hold of her before the local authorities. This territory does not have the best track record when it comes to the treatment of non-conforming women.”
As Ben drove, he used his rear-view mirror to look back at their female captive, and a look of pity crossed his face. 
“Do you think we can remove the bag?” Ben asked his partner. “It’s fucking hot out. The last thing we need is for her to get heatstroke or something.”
Wedge quickly glanced back towards the prisoner as he considered the request. “The material is breathable. She ain’t going to suffocate. The captain said to keep it on until we’re on the ship.”
“I don’t see what the point of it is,” Ben countered. “You already said where we’re going. We have nothing left to hide from her now.”
Realizing his partner had a point, Wedge sighed. “I guess you’re right,” he conceded. “We’re coming up to a town anyways. She’ll draw less attention with it off.” 
Wedge turned around in his seat and reached back to remove the bag off the female’s head.
The female’s name was Adley Anderson. She was relieved to have the bag removed, but she could not thank her captor due to the gag in her mouth. Adley was unharmed and in good spirits, considering everything she had been through in the last twenty-four hours. Her face was red and sweaty from the bag. Her headscarf that once covered her hair had shifted and was now falling back behind her head. 
Wedge attentively watched the prisoner as he studied her demeanour. Given her situation, she was unusually calm and looked like she was trying to smile with the gag across her mouth. Deciding that she would not be a flight risk, Wedge chose to give Adley a little slack.
“You can remove the gag,” Wedge directed sternly. “But don’t say a word.” 
Adley lifted her bounded hands to wiggle the tied cloth out of her mouth. Happy to be breathing the fresh, unobstructed air, she took a deep breath and smiled at her captors. 
“Thanks,” Adley said to the two men as she let out a sigh of relief.
Wedge frowned at her. “I said shut it,” he warned in a harsh voice. 
Adley nodded and zipped her lips, successfully maintaining complete silence throughout the entire drive to Dammam. 
 



I



August 2nd, 2017


Dubai, United Arab Emirates

On the top floor of a towering high-rise building, Kafka stood alone overlooking the city. The large wall-to-wall windows of his suite welcomed the bright morning sun, allowing it to illuminate every corner of the room, including his bright golden-coloured wings. 
Kafka was a tall man, possessing very little muscle, and had a long, lean face. Despite being half Venti, Kafka possessed only dominant Aurora traits, including chin-length golden hair tied back, yellow irises, and a disturbingly pale complexion. 
Having just awakened, Kafka was dressed only in a pair of white silk pants as he stood in silence, watching the people below scurry around like insects from his towering view. His enjoyment of the scenery was suddenly cut short by the sound of his room door unlocking, followed by footsteps approaching. Since he was expecting company, Kafka was not surprised when he turned to see his younger cousin, Gillies, standing at the entrance to the living room.
Gillies, on the other hand, appeared surprised to see Kafka standing before him. The copper-haired Ifrit was at a loss for words as he tried to make sense of his current situation.
Seeing the look on his relative’s face, Kafka smiled. “Ah, Gillies, it’s so good to see you,” he greeted as he walked away from the window to approach the sofa. “How was your trip?” he asked as he motioned for his cousin to take a seat. 
“What are you doing here?” Gillies asked, ignoring his cousin’s question. He walked into the room with the light revealing his bright copper-red wings. “Where’s Malachi?” 
A surprised expression crossed Kafka’s face. “You didn’t hear about Ex’s death?” he asked.
“I received the group text,” Gillies answered, not seeing the connection. 
“Given the circumstances, Grandfather thought it would be best if he took a leave of absence,” Kafka explained. “I was happy to volunteer my services to oversee things so Malachi could comfort Adonia. Naturally, she’s grief-stricken over her son’s untimely passing.”
“What circumstances?” Gillies questioned, having missed a piece of the story. “How did he die?” 
“We’re not certain,” Kafka replied with a shrug. “Poison is suspected.”
“Poisoned?” Gillies questioned, now even more baffled.  “How is that possible?”
“I’m just as surprised as you are,” Kafka said with a smirk. He reached over to the table and poured himself a cup of coffee from a carafe. He looked to Gillies to see if his cousin wanted some, but Gillies declined with a raise of his hand. 
“If it is poison,” Kafka continued, “it appears that being half Venti is no guarantee of immunity. Look at what happened to Septimus. It’s the burden of being a half-blood, I suppose.”
“Sounds improbable. Any suspects?” Gillies questioned suspiciously. 
Kafka shook his head in disappointment and took a sip of his coffee. “It’s not looking good for Malachi. He was the only one with his brother when it happened. I heard that he had invited Ex to a private meeting. Ex was supposed to be in Egypt. We didn’t even know he was visiting Malachi until after it happened.”
“I find it hard to believe that Malachi would kill his twin,” Gillies remarked, appearing bothered by this news. 
“We are all shocked by this,” Kafka explained. “But the Council is not taking any chances. Ultima has volunteered to watch him until our grandfather can get to the bottom of this.”
“And I’m sure you were happy to replace him,” Gillies mentioned sarcastically. “Your mother must be so proud of you.” 
“You think I want to be here?” Kafka said defensively, looking surprised by the comment. “You know how much I hate the desert. The sun is not conducive to my complexion, and don’t get me started on the sand.” Kafka sat down on the sofa and sighed. “But I’m nothing but a team player. Just doing my part to help, as we all are.”
“So, why did you summon me?” Gillies asked, not looking impressed with his cousin’s news. 
“I’ve called you here to try to establish what you and Septimus are planning behind the Council’s back,” Kafka replied with a serious expression. 
“What are you talking about?” Gillies asked, genuinely surprised by the statement. 
“Come on, do you take me for a fool?” Kafka questioned in annoyance as he placed down his cup. “We know that the notes you provided us were incomplete. Didn’t you retrieve them from our cousin?” 
“Yes, but the originals are still in FBI custody,” Gillies explained. “The copy I obtained was provided by an agent Septimus’ offspring abducted.” 
“I find it strangely coincidental that as soon as you return, we receive intel that a small group of kin and a human from New York intercepted our last raid,” Kafka explained. “And we have reason to believe that they have the missing notes.” 
“It’s most likely members of a clan that tried to stop me from retrieving Moselle and Dalie,” Gillies explained. “They attacked the Omicron building last month. Septimus has no connection to this group.”
“Is that so?” Kafka asked with a raised eyebrow, looking skeptical. “We captured the human working with them. It won’t be long until we know the truth.”
“I have no reason to lie,” Gillies said confidently. “And there is no need to worry about Septimus. He’s too preoccupied trying to stay alive to worry about what the Council has planned.”
Kafka was shocked to hear about Sepitmus’ struggles. “It’s that bad?” 
“He’s aged, looks older than Ultima,” Gillies responded bluntly
“He works for a pharmaceutical company, and they still have not found a cure for him?” Kafka asked as he reached over to retrieve his coffee cup. “But after what happened to Ex, I suppose he should consider himself lucky to be alive.” 
There was a moment of silence as Kafka smiled evilly at a sudden thought. “Exodus certainly gave the expression, living up to one’s name new meaning!” He let out a laugh before taking a sip of his drink. 
Gillies rolled his eyes at the inappropriate jest.  “Only you would find delight in our cousin’s death,” he remarked in disgust. “The apple certainly didn’t fall far from the tree.”
Kafka shrugged, unconcerned with his cousin’s opinion. “I use humour as part of the grieving process. You should take a lesson.”
Not enjoying Kafka’s humour, Gillies decided to redirect the conversation. “If our grandfather believes there is a traitor amongst us, he should look no further than Nyx,” Gillies suggested. “She’s the one who gave me the notes and stopped me from taking the girls. She said she had permission from their father to remain with Diana. I highly doubt that considering the bounty on her head.”
“Interesting,” Kafka said as he contemplated the news. “Be sure to mention this to him when you see him. Nyx might not have been aware of this, but Victor and his clan have departed the Council. Rumour has it that they are plotting with an Undine clan to find the relics before us.”
“Why? What would they want with the relics?” Gilles asked in disbelief. 
“Only rumours at this point,” Kafka reiterated with a shrug. “Ultima’s looking into it.” 

ΟΟΟΟΟΟΟ

Busan, South Korea

Inside the bedroom of a traditional Korean-style mansion located in a remote area of the city, the noticeable sounds of two people fornicating echoed out into the hallway. The couple in the king-size bed was too preoccupied with each other to notice that someone had entered. It was not until the pair heard the distinct sound of metal hitting the hard marble floor that they stopped, and their attention shifted towards the bedroom entrance.
Glaring at the two in the bed was Ultima, a slender woman appearing late middle age with long silver hair tied back and two strips of black hair hanging down the sides of her face. She had pale grey irises, a dark brown complexion, sporting a long, burgundy and black backless dress. She was holding a metal staff that had an intricate blue and silver design along the shaft. Mounted on the top was a pale blue orb. 
Lying in bed with the blankets over his stomach was Malachi. He was a lean man with a tanned complexion, yellow irises, and medium-length golden locks. Next to Malachi was a younger-looking woman of Korean descent. She was holding the blankets to her neck, trying to conceal her naked body. While Malachi appeared annoyed by the sudden interruption, the woman looked startled and embarrassed by Ultima’s presence. 
“Out,” Ultima directed the young woman as she walked across the dimly lit room to the covered window. She pulled on the blinds to allow the afternoon sunlight to flood the chamber. 
Almost immediately, the light revealed Ultima’s pitch black and Malachi’s golden-coloured wings. The unnamed female took her cue to leave the room with one of the bedsheets still wrapped around her body. 
“Was that necessary?” Malachi asked his grandaunt, unimpressed.
“It’s one in the afternoon,” Ultima explained, looking equally annoyed. “I will not have you squander your days fornicating with random whores.”  
Malachi raised his hands behind his head and laid back against the headboard. “It helps with the grieving process,” he retorted with a smirk.
Ultima’s frown deepened. “I think I liked it better when you prefer the company of men,” she sighed in frustration. “At least then I didn’t have to worry about all your illegitimate children.” 
Malachi shrugged. “That’s your priority, not mine,” he retorted bitterly. 
Ultima moved away from the window to approach the bed, frowning. “What would your grandfather say? It’s an utter disgrace to our bloodline.” 
Malachi rolled his eyes at the comment but remained silent.  
Ultima shook her head in disappointment at the scene before her. “What happened to you? I know you’ve suffered a terrible loss, but I never took you for one to roll over without a fight. I expected better from you. Are you going to let them come in and take your birthright from you?”
Malachi glared at his grandaunt, angered but her comment. “And what do you expect me to do?” he snapped. “Everyone thinks I murdered my brother! How am I supposed to clear my name when I don’t even know what happened!”
“Anything is better than this,” Ultima said as she motioned to Malachi in bed. “You have spent years working up to this moment. Are you going to step aside and give your sovereignty to Kafka? What would your mother think!”
“You think I wanted this to happen!” Malachi exclaimed defensively. “Your brother decided to replace me. Go protest to him!”
“I might, but first, I want to see if you’re worthy of my endorsement,” Ultima explained calmly. “You think the Council is going to stand behind someone who breaks when knocked down? Someone murdered your brother, and you're doing nothing about it! You were the front-runner for council leader, and with what we have planned, you’d be leading far more than a company or army.” Ultima paused to let it sink in, then sighed in frustration before continuing. “I’m willing to help you uncover the truth, but you must be willing to fight.”
Malachi contemplated Ultima’s contention before responding. “I will avenge Ex’s death,” he declared as he sat up to exit his bed. 
Ultima smiled. “Good, I knew you wouldn’t relinquish so easily.”
Malachi took a deep breath, feeling a new sense of empowerment. “And you have to admit, Emperor Malachi does have a nice ring to it,” he added with a grin.   
Ultima rolled her eyes. “I think you’ve been spending too much time in Asia,” she said before turning to leave. “Now, get dressed. Your mother wants to see you.”
Ultima exited the room and shut the door behind her. She did not walk far down the hallway before being approached by Adonia. The younger woman was visibly upset. Her pale blue eyes were bloodshot from crying, and her long silver hair unkempt. 
“Where is he?” Adonia asked, her eyes watery as she held back tears. “How is he doing? I want to see him.”
“Give him a minute,” Ultima suggested. “He’s getting out of bed.”
“He must be beside himself,” Adonia said, sounding like she was on the brink of another breakdown. “I can’t believe my father would think Malachi murdered his brother!”
“I don’t believe he does,” explained Ultima. “But he needs to take some action to appease the others until we get to the bottom of this. You know the punishment for killing a clan member is death.” 
Adonia’s grief-stricken face turned to anger. “I just know Cyrene is behind this!” she said furiously. “She has always been jealous of me, but killing my poor Exodus, that’s a new level of crazy. He has to do something to stop her!”
Ultima frowned. “Do you have the evidence to back such a serious accusation?” 
“I don’t need any!” Adonia retorted. “We both know she’s capable of something this horrendous. Just look at what she did to her children. She endangered their lives trying to compete with me. It’s no secret that she is envious of me.”
“That is true,” Ultima agreed. “But our clan is not short on enemies, and I would like to believe that Ex was not killed by one of our own. There are many suspects at this point, and we must not point any fingers until we have verification.”
“What does my father plan to do about this?” Adonia demanded. “And what’s going to happen to my poor Malachi?”
“Don’t worry, Ulric is on his way east as we speak,” Ultima reassured. “We’ll get to the bottom of this. You know he would never take the murder of his grandson sitting down. He will find the party or parties responsible and bring them to justice.”
“And where was Cyrene during all this?” Adonia asked skeptically. “I’m sure it’s no coincidence that father took Slater with him. This whole thing reeks of interference!”  
“We thought it would be best if we kept them away from you and Malachi until the dust settles,” Ultima explained. “Stop being so paranoid. You know Slater needs a handler. Ulric is keeping an eye on him for me.” 
“And what of the twins?” Adonia questioned. “Just days before it happened, Esther was bragging that they had a breakthrough. I find that highly suspicious.”
Ultima sighed at Adonia’s persistence. “I’ve ruled the twins out as suspects,” she explained. “Apart from having no motive, they had no interaction with Ex or Malachi leading up to Ex’s death. Kujo is overseeing the Sanctuary raids, and Kurai was visiting with me when it happened. I can vouch for her.”
“And their research?” Adonia inquired hastily. “Just because they didn’t do it directly doesn’t mean they aren’t accomplices.” 
“Gabriel is looking into it,” Ultima explained. She paused and gazed sympathetically at her grief-stricken niece. “Don’t worry, Adonia. Ex’s death hit everyone by surprise. The whole clan has volunteered their assistance. We all want justice, but you need to be patient.”
Hearing Ultima’s reassuring words caused Adonia to break down crying again.  
Taking pity on her, Ultima embraced the sobbing woman. “Don’t you worry, my dear,” she whispered. “You and I both know my brother is nothing but fiercely protective over us. You need to have some faith that he will get to the bottom of this. We will not rest until we uncover the truth.” 
“Thank you,” Adonia said as she held her aunt tight, feeling a little more at ease by her comforting words.


II


 

August 3rd, 2017

 
 200 kilometres off the coast of Oman

Onboard the Leviathan ocean liner sailing near the mouth of the Arabian sea, brothers Gabriel and Gillies gathered in the private lounge. Gabriel was a tall man with a slightly larger build compared to his brother. He had wavy, shoulder-length, jet-black hair brushed back that faded to red along the hairline. Like his brother, Gabriel had a tanned complexion and bright red irises. But unlike Gillies’ heavy, custom-made jacket and pants, Gabriel was dress in more weather-appropriate attire consisting of a sleeveless black shirt and pants. 
As they waited for their grandfather to arrive, the two brothers sat casually conversing. Gillies handed his phone to Gabriel to show the pictures he had taken during his visit to New York. 
Gabriel looked slightly amused when he swiped to the picture of his cousin-in-law, Lucy, contained in a glass cell during her family’s feud with Nyx. But the grin disappeared when he saw the picture Gillies had taken of their cousin sitting at his desk. 
“Septimus sure does look like shit,” Gabriel observed. “What is that woman doing to him?”
“They still haven’t found a cure for him,” Gillies explained. “The Vita-serum prevents his condition from consuming him, but just barely. I heard his body is becoming immune to it, requiring multiple doses a week. It’s not sustainable.”
“Poor Septimus,” Gabriel remarked while returning the phone. “He’s always had the worst luck amongst us. Such a shame.”
“How’s the family?” Gillies questioned, trying to change the subject to something less depressing. “I heard your two received their first assignment?”
“Yes. My children are proving themselves to be valuable members,” Gabriel said proudly. “Did your sons enjoy the trip?”
“Most of it,” Gillies replied. “We were met with some interference trying to retrieve the notes.”
“Interference by whom? Septimus’ offspring?” Gabriel asked jokingly. 
“No, it was the same clan that I hear tell is giving us trouble with the raids.”
“We picked up their human associate in Damman two days ago,” Gabriel explained. “We plan to—” 
Before Gabriel could say another word, Ulric entered the room. The two brothers ended the conversation and turned to their grandfather. 
Ulric was a Venti with a dark brown complexion and pale blue eyes. He appeared to be at the onset of old age, with his once long sliver hair now short and predominantly white. Dressed in more local attire, Ultric was wearing a custom-made tunic and matching black pants. He approached his grandsons while holding surveillance photos in his right hand. 
“I obtained surveillance photos of the kin that intercepted the last raid,” Ulric explained to the brothers. 
Ulric handed the photos to Gabriel, who quickly flipped through the pictures before passing them to Gillies. 
“There’s the proof,” Ulric said as Gillies examined the pictures. “Diana and two Ifrits.” 
“These two I met in Manhattan,” Gillies explained as he held the pictures of the two Ifrits. “They tried to stop me from taking Moselle and Dalie back.” He then pointed to the image of Axel and showed it to Gabriel. “Remember this twerp? He’s the one who stole our father’s pendant.”
“Did you retrieve it?” Gabriel questioned his brother. 
Gillies reached into his coat pocket and pulled out a red orb pendant on a thick gold chain that Gillies had broke in the struggle with the thief. 
Gabriel smiled at the sight of their recovered family heirloom. “That’s one less artifact to track down.”
“You said you found Moselle and Dalie?” Ulric asked with a surprised expression. “Why didn’t you bring them back with you?” 
“I tried. Ask Nyx,” Gillies replied with a scowl. “She said their father wants them to remain with Diana.”
“Then I’m sure my sister knows something about this,” Ulric explained, sounding less concerned. “Hopefully, they didn’t say anything more to Nyx. We have yet to inform her of Victor’s betrayal. Now he and his clan have been disbarred from the Council.”
“It was bound to happen eventually,” Gabriel stated honestly. 
“Why?” Gillies questioned. 
Gabriel looked at his brother in disbelief. “You couldn’t tell? Victor hated our clan. He always blamed us for Jacob and Godric’s deaths even though we had nothing to do with either of them. Then one of our aunts ruined his marriage, plus Slater was screwing around with his wife.”
“He wasn’t the only one,” Gillies clarified with a grin. “Pandora’s promiscuity is no secret.”
“And Victor’s too apparently,” Gabriel corrected. “That is one dysfunctional marriage.”
“All that may be true,” Ulric agreed. “But there is no point in Nyx finding out about our discord with the Lunette clan, so it’s best not to mention it to Septimus.”
“You have no worries there,” Gabriel explained. “He still wants nothing to do with us.”
“Nyx’s going to find out eventually,” Gillies pointed out. 
“She has her hands full in New York,” Ulric noted. “They don’t have time to worry about what’s going on halfway around the world.”
“Speaking of New York,” Gabriel interrupted. “What do you plan to do with the human?”
Ulric grinned. “We are going to let her go. It’s her accomplices we’re after, and she will lead us to them. The Council has some questions for Diana. Even if Victor is no longer a member, it's imperative that we track her down.” He stopped talking and looked at his watch. “Come on. We should be going.”
“Why the rush?” Gabriel asked his grandfather. 
“I left Slater in Dubai with his brother,” Ulric explained. 
Gillies grinned. “You two have fun with that,” he said as he walked towards the exit. 
With Gillies gone, Gabriel turned to his grandfather. “I’m unable to accompany you as well,” he explained regrettably. “Now that we’ve deciphered the journal, I promised my wife I would return it as soon as possible.”
“Yes, please do,” Ulric insisted as he turned towards the exit with his grandson close behind. “Her father has a lot of sway over the other members. With everything that’s been going on, it’s best not to be provoking any more allies.” 


ΟΟΟΟΟΟΟ

In the lower extremities of the ship, Adley had endured hours of interrogation. She did not know for how long they had kept her in that room, but after her captors gave up on questing, they moved her to a larger area lined with prison cells. As Adley walked down the range, she noticed individuals occupying a few cells. 
The guard brought Adley to an empty cell with a cot, sink, and toilet. Once locked inside, Adley used the cell window to try to look around. It was apparent to her that she was the only human prisoner. Adley spotted a female with long dark blue hair and blue eyes in the cell across from her. The kin appeared a little younger than Adley’s and wore what looked like an altered Kimono-style shirt with long sleeves. In the cell next to the woman was a male with short blue hair and blue eyes. He was wearing a pair of loose-fitting pants. Adley could only get a glimpse of the figure in the cell next to her, but it appeared to be a younger-looking female with black and red hair. 
Adley had heard the two Undine prisoners whispering through the doors when she passed, but they remained silent after the guard escorted her to her cell. Adley assumed that this was due to her presence in the room since she was the only human. 
Adley sat in her cell quietly for a few hours, not sure how much time had passed. It wasn’t until someone brought food, which she assumed was dinner, that she could get a sense of the time. 
After serving the first three prisoners, a male guard brought Adley a dish of what looked like an unidentifiable curry meat stew, rice, a kosher bun, and a bottle of water. The man did not say a word as he handed her the food. 
“Do you have anything vegetarian?” Adley asked as soon as she saw the meat dish.
“If you don’t like the meat, then pick it out,” the man replied as he closed the food latch to her cell door. The guard was just about to walk away when someone stopped him.
“You can give her this,” said the Ifrit girl in the next cell. 
The guard sighed but took a bun from the girl and put it through Adley’s food slot. The man closed the hatch and quickly exited the room. 
“Thanks,” Adley said to the girl through the cell door. 
“No problem,” the girl replied. 
“My name’s Adley. What’s yours?”
“Zaeris.”
“It’s nice to meet you, Zaeris,” replied Adley. 
“So, what brings you down here?” Zaeris asked. 
“My friends and I were trying to locate a Sanctuary,” Adley explained. “I was conducting surveillance when they ambushed me.”
“Are your friends human, too?” Zaeris asked curiously. 
“No, they’re kin,” Adley replied. “How did you wind up here?”
“I was visiting with my cousins when these humans attacked their village,” Zaeris explained. “They took an item belonging to my grandmother. I followed them to try to retrieve it but was abducted and brought aboard this ship.”
“Is that what happened to them?” Adley asked, referring to the Undines in the cells across from her. 
“Not sure,” Zaeris replied. “I don’t think they speak English.”
“We speak English,” the female Undine spoke up. 
“What are your names?” Adley asked the two Undines. 
“I’m Yuki,” the girl replied. “This is my brother Kori.”
“What brings you here?” Adley asked the siblings. 
“They attacked our village and took something valuable,” Yuki explained. “We came to get it back. We can’t return home without it.”
“What did they take?” Adley asked curiously.
“It’s a key for secrets,” Yuki replied, trying to explain but seemed to struggle verbally. 
“What does the key unlock?” asked Adley. 
“No, not that kind of key,” Yuki corrected. “It’s a…what’s the word?” She paused as she tried to think of the correct description. “It helps read a special text.”
“I think the word she is looking for is cryptograph,” Zaeris explained. “I think the one she is referring to decodes a book that was brought to this earth by the Ancients.” 
“Who are the Ancients?” Adley asked. 
“Ancient kin,” Zaeris explained. “They left information for us in an old book. But you need the key to decipher it.” 
Hearing that, Adley wondered if the book Zaeris referred to was the same book Freya showed her back in New York. Freya said it was from her ancestor's homeworld and predated human history. 
“Well, if we get out of here, I’ll help you find your key,” Adley informed the siblings. 
“Thanks,” Yuki replied but did not sound comforted by Adley’s offer. 
The room fell silent again as everyone started to grow tired. With the week Adley had, it did not take long for her to fall asleep, despite the uncomfortable bed. 
Hours passed, Adley did not know for how long she was sleeping when she heard yelling and gunshots followed by approaching footsteps. The commotion must have awoken the other prisoners because everyone stood up and rushed to their cell door to get a glimpse of what was going on. 
Adley smiled when she saw the flash of bright red hair out of the corner of her cell door window. “Marko, over here!” she called out. 
“Adley?” Marko’s voice replied. 
Seconds later, Adley could hear keys as Marko approached her door. “It’s so good to see you,” Adley said to Marko as he unlocked her door. “What took you so long?”
“We lost your signal for a bit this morning,” Marko replied. “We were expecting them to head West towards Yemen.”
 Adley stepped out of her cell, finally free. “There are kin trapped in cells three, eight, and nine.”
Marko proceeded to release the other three prisoners. Yuki, Kori, and Zaeris exited their cells and waited for their next move.
“We need to help Yuki and Kori find an important heirloom,” Adley explained to Marko. “We can’t let it fall into the Council’s hands.”
“Where is it?” asked Marko. 
“The last time we saw, they were handing it to the captain,” Yuki explained. 
“Where should we look first?” Adley asked. 
“The captain’s quarters?” Zaeris suggested. “That’s even if it’s still on the ship.”
“Diana and Axel are waiting for us on the deck,” Marko explained to Adley. “We took out most of the security on our way in.”
Wasting little time, Marko, Adley, Yuki, Kori, and Zaeris exited the room towards the deck. When the five reached the top floor, they found Diana and Axel amongst a small group of unconscious crew members. It was nighttime, and the ship’s lights stood out amongst the surrounding darkness. 
“We need to find the captain,” Marko advised his brother and Diana. 
“Why?” asked Axel.
“He might have an important kin artifact,” Adley explained.
Axel looked up towards the ship’s bridge. “We’ll probably find him on the upper decks.”
“Maybe we should split up to cover more ground,” Diana said. 
“We can fly up to the top deck and work our way down,” Kori suggested. 
“Adley and I will start low and meet in the middle,” Marko added.
“I’ll stay with you two,” Zaeris said to Marko. 
“Okay,” Axel agreed. “We’ll call if we find it.”
The two teams split up, with Marko, Adley, and Zaeris heading towards the stairs leading to the upper decks. Having reached the stairs undisturbed, it wasn’t until they entered the next level that they heard footsteps rapidly approaching. Expecting another wave of security, the three prepared themselves for battle. 
Remembering that Adley was unarmed, Marko reached into his waistband and threw her a gun before retrieving his dagger from a sheath attached to his belt. 
Spotting the gun in Adley’s hand, Zaeris shook her head in disapproval. “It’s probably best if you don’t use the gun,” she warned. “You’re just going to alert more security.”
Taking her advice, Adley lowered her weapon just as three crew members turned the corner. 
The assailants did not have a chance to raise their weapons before Zaeris’ hands started to glow, and a wave of fire travelled towards them. With their clothes and hair engulfed in flames, the soldiers began to panic and run, with two of them jumping overboard and a third rolling on the ground to extinguish the fire. 
Marko and Adley were so focused on the scene before them they failed to hear footsteps approaching from behind. 
“Look out!” Zaeris cried once she noticed the two men approaching from the rear. 
The soldiers opened fire just as Zaeris sent a wave of flames in their direction. The bullets missed the two females but hit Marko, causing him to drop his dagger as he flinched from being struck. Marko grabbed his wound as Zaeris’ attack forced the men to retreat from the flames. 
“Are you okay?” Adley asked her injured friend. 
“Apart from being shot, just fine,” Marko sarcastically replied through gritted teeth as he held his shoulder in pain.
Zaeris approached and picked up Marko’s dagger. “We need to keep moving before more show up.”
As the three of them made their way through the ship, Marko’s phone started to ring. Since Marko used one hand to put pressure on his wound, he asked Adley for some assistance. 
“Little help,” Marko called to Adley as he turned right to identify which pocket held his phone. 
Adley rushed over to retrieve the ringing phone from Marko’s pocket and answered, “Hello?” There was silence as Adley listed to the person on the phone before hanging up and turning to the others. “Axel said they found the captain on the bridge. He is taking them to the artifact now and will meet us at the rear of the main deck.” 
No longer searching for the item, the three made their way to the stairwell leading to the upper deck. After ascending multiple flights of stairs by foot, the two females were the first to reach the top while the injured Marko trailed behind. Adley and Zaeris waited for Marko to catch up before continuing towards the back of the ship.
The trio had almost reached the rendezvous when they turned the corner only to discover nearly a dozen soldiers with weapons in hand. Marko, Adley, and Zaeris stopped in their tracks as the combatants raised their guns. Before the assailants could open fire, a monstrous wave surged up onto the deck, hitting them. The force of the water caused the ship to shift on impact, causing over half the unit to lose balance and skid to one side of the deck. 
Immediately, Diana, Axel, Yuki, and Kori flew down from above to join Marko, Adley, and Zaeris. With a few assailants still standing, Yuki’s eyes started to glow as the wet deck turned to ice, and some of the soldiers struggled to stand on the ice. Diana’s eyes began to shine as another wave came flying up and over the side of the ship. As soon as the water came crashing down on top of the soldiers, it instantly turned to solid ice, encasing one man completely while freezing the body and legs of the remaining targets. 
“We should leave before it melts,” Kori warned the others. 
Heeding Yuki’s warning, the group was just about to take off when a lone soldier rushed out from behind them with his gun raised. Being the closest to the attacker, Zaeris threw the weapon in her hand at the assailant. The dagger successfully hit the man in the upper shoulder, but the force of the impact caused the target to stumble backwards and topple overboard into the ocean below. 
“NO!” Marko yelled as he watched the man fall overboard with the dagger still lodged in him. Wasting no time, Marko ignored his bullet wound and jumped overboard after the weapon. 
Everyone raced to the railing and looked down just as Mako plunged into the dark water below. 
There was a moment of silence before Axel finally spoke up. “Good thing we stopped the ship,” he commented as they waited for Marko to resurface. 
After seconds turned into minutes, Zaeris started to look at the others nervously. “Shouldn’t one of you give him a hand?” she asked the three Undines, wondering if anyone should intervene. 
“He’s fine,” Axel reassured her as he leaned on the rail, waiting for his brother to resurface. 
“He can breathe in the water,” Adley explained. 
Zaeris did not have a chance to reply before the sound of splashing caught their attention. They all looked down to see Marko breaching the surface with the dagger in hand. Diana’s eyes started to glow as a steady upsurge of water lifted Marko to the railing on the side of the ship. Once Mako was safely on board, he quickly dried off before the group took off into the night sky, with Kori and Axel assisting the flightless Adley. 



III



August 4th, 2017


Tel Aviv, Jerusalem 

In a two-story home in a quiet residential neighbourhood, Adley sat alone in her aunt’s kitchen Skyping over her laptop computer. It was almost seven in the morning, and she was the only one up. 
Having escaped the hands of Ra-Shin just hours earlier, she did not waste any time reaching out to her contacts in New York to brief them on the new information. 
Since Felix was one of the few still awake inside the Markovich residence, he took the video call. Adley had just finished briefing him on the events on the ship when she mentioned the cryptograph. 
“They said the device could decipher some ancient kin text,” Adley explained to the boy over the computer. 
“Did you secure it?” Felix asked, intrigued by the news. 
“Yuki and Kori took it back to their village,” Adley answered. “They said their home is in the mountains of northern Japan. It’s a secluded village of mostly Undines, but they said we are welcome to visit anytime for helping them.”
“I remember reading about a decoding device in one of my mom’s translated journals,” Felix explained. “It contains a sketch of the device. I’ll text you a copy to see if it matches.”
“Do you think the ancient text they are talking about is the same book Freya has in her safe?” Adley asked. 
“Seems plausible,” Felix replied as he contemplated the idea. “It would be interesting to see how it operates.”
“Maybe we can take the book to them to see if we can decode it?” Adley suggested. 
“Not a good idea if Ra-Shin is after the cryptograph,” Felix cautioned. “It’s best if we keep the book hidden, for now, anyway.” 
“You’re right,” Adley replied. “That company is a force to be reckoned with, and they are more organized than Omicron. Even with Hunter’s notes, they seem to be one step ahead of us.” 
Felix looked like he was about to say something but stopped and shut his mouth as Adley heard footsteps approaching from behind. Adley turned around to see that her Aunt Merilyn had entered the kitchen. 
“Adley, what are you doing up so early?” Merilyn asked as she walked over to the cupboard in search of something. 
“I’m just talking to my friend,” Adley explained. 
“You’re not talking to that little boy over Skype again?” Merilyn questioned as she finally retrieved the tea she was seeking. 
“Yes, I’m talking to Felix,” Adley replied. 
Merilyn shook her head in disappointment. “Talking with an unrelated child over the internet. And isn’t it almost midnight in New York? Where are his parents?”
“I think Marko’s still sleeping,” Adley answered as she motioned to the hallway behind her. 
“No, I’m up,” Mako said as he entered the kitchen behind Adley.
“Good morning, Dad,” Felix greeted Marko over the computer.
“Do you want to talk to Felix?” Adley stood up from her chair as Marko approached the table. 
Marko smiled. “Thanks,” he replied as he picked up the laptop before unplugging the power cord. 
Expecting Marko to sit down at the table, Adley was silent as she watched Marko exit the kitchen with her computer in hand. 
“Felix, can you put your mother on?” Marko asked the boy before he disappeared into the hallway. 
“Where’s he going?” Marilyn questioned her niece. 
Adley shrugged her shoulders. She was about to reply when an exhausted Axel entered the kitchen.
“Good morning,” Adley greeted Axel with a smile. “You look tired. Why don’t you go back to bed?” she commented with a concerned expression. 
“I would, but Marko just kicked me out,” Axel replied resentfully.  
“You are welcome to use my room,” Adley offered. 
“Thanks, but I’m up now,” Axel responded before letting out a big yawn. “Might as well start my day.”
“What are your plans now?” Merilyn asked as she sat down at the kitchen table, having made her cup of tea. 
“Not sure yet,” Adley answered. “I was going to have Zaeris look over Hunter’s notes. She might have some knowledge of the locations.”
“I wonder if she’ll need help getting home,” Axel wondered. “I’m sure her family is worried about her.”
“She seems a little young,” Merilyn said. “Where is she from?”
“Giza,” Adley replied. “She said she was captured by Ra-Shin soldiers last month and imprisoned for about a week, but she found it difficult to keep track of the time.” 
“Maybe she’ll have some insight into the nature of these raids,” Axel said. “From what we’ve seen so far, it doesn’t appear that Ra-Shin is in the business of capturing and experimenting on kin like Omicron. Instead, they’re looking for something.”
Adley sighed in frustration. “This doesn’t make any sense. The soldiers that transported me to the ship referred to kin as an invasive species that they were trying to eradicate, but the only use of force we witnessed on kin is when they resisted.”
“But we only observed one raid,” Axel reminded her. “You said the soldiers talked about participating in dozens of them. As you’ve seen first hand with Omicron, some clans are known to treat certain kin better than others.”
“True,” Adley agreed. “Look at what happened to Maria and Riley.” 
“What happened to them?” Merilyn inquired, having no idea whom Adley was referring to but was curious. 
“Maria and Riley were twins taken from their parents at birth,” Adley explained. “Riley had more Aurora dominate traits, so she was adopted and spared a life of experimentation. Maria had more Undine traits and became Hunter’s guinea pig.”
Before Merilyn could comment on Adley’s story, the sound of footsteps drew everyone's attention as Marko entered the kitchen with Adley’s laptop. 
“Here,” Marko said as he placed the computer on the table in front of Adley. “Freya wants to talk to you.”
“Hey,” Adley greeted the woman on the digital screen.
“Good morning,” Freya greeted in return. “Felix was telling me about some kin artifact you retrieved from Ra-Shin.”
Adley looked disappointedly at her friend. “Yes, but Yuki and Kori took it back to their village in Japan.”
“Any chance you can borrow it?” asked Freya. 
“I doubt it,” Adley replied. “But we are welcomed to visit their village anytime. Maybe we can bring the book to them?” 
Freya looked hesitant as she contemplated the request. “I’ll see what I can do. Brook and Finn are coming out to join you. I’ll send along some duplicates to see if we can decipher them.”
“Did you say Finn is coming?” Adley asked, looking surprised by Freya’s comment. “How were you able to revive him?” 
“It was more of a team effort,” Freya explained. “Even Arlo can take some credit. He’s been a big help.”
“Have you heard from Arlo lately?” Adley asked. “I haven’t been able to reach him since Sunday.”
Hearing the name Arlo, a smile appeared on Merylin’s face. “How’s my Arlo doing?” she called over the table. “My sister told me about his promotion at that computer job of his. He’s probably too busy to return your calls.”
“Your aunt’s right about Arlo being busy,” Freya explained through the computer. “Omicron hired his employer to upgrade their security. It took a lot of convincing, but he finally agreed to take the job. He gave us a back door to their entire digital infrastructure.”
Adley was astounded by this news. “You must be kidding. How did you manage to convince Arlo to step onto Omicron property after what happened last time?”
“What happened last time?” Merylin questioned curiously.
“I did say it took a lot of convincing,” Freya replied, ignoring the woman’s question. “He only agreed to do it after we learned that Nyx was out of town. That news seemed to ease most of his apprehensions, for some reason.”
“Where’s Nyx?” Adley wondered.
“No clue,” Freya replied with a shrug. “All the contacts we asked were mum on the subject. But we know she went solo, and I get the feeling that’s unusual for her.”
“I wonder where she could be,” Adley questioned. 
“Better keep an eye out,” Freya warned with a smile. “She does have ties to Ra-Shin, so you might want to keep a low profile.”
“I think it’s a little too late for that,” Axel said with a grin before taking a sip of the hot beverage he made for himself.
“Well, you know how to reach us if you need anything,” Freya replied, still smiling. “Love ya, hun!” she called out to Marko before the screen went blank. 
“Bye, babe!” Marko called towards the computer, unaware that Freya had already ended the call.
“Sorry, Marko, she’s already gone,” Adley explained as she closed her laptop and let out a sigh. “So now what?” she asked Marko and Axel. 
“How about some breakfast?” Marko suggested, looking famished. He glanced over at Merylin. The host gave Marko a nod of approval prompting him to get up and make his way over to the fridge to start prepping the food. 




IV

 

August 5th, 2017


Beaumont Sanctuary 

The sun was setting when Nyx reached the remote sanctuary hidden amongst the Caucasus Indicus mountain range. It had been over two centuries since Nyx step foot on Beaumont, but very little had changed. Apart from additions to the two cabins and necessary upgrades, the sanctuary still had the same rustic appearance when founded by Aegis and his late wife in the early seventeenth century. Beaumont's openness was a refreshing sight at a time when growing human civilizations were forcing many kin havens into the shadows. 
Nyx let out a sigh as she looked around, trying not to let herself get tied up in poignant memories. Despite being close to Aegis and his family, Nyx spent her adult years avoiding a return to Beaumont. It was the last place she ever saw her sister alive, and although she returned once a few years later, the hunting memories were as strong now as they were that night.
As Nyx approached the cabins, she could not help but notice the additions to the family burial site located near the edge of the clearing. There were only two markers the last time she visited, one for Aegis’s wife and Adam, Tara’s husband. Nyx never knew how much Tara told Aegis about Adam’s death, and she could not bring herself to ask him. But the three additional markers Nyx assumed belonged to Aegis’s son, the son’s wife, and Aegis’ eldest daughter, Saima, who passed away a little over a decade ago. As she observed the graves, Nyx could not help but feel sorry for Aegis and his burden of having to watch his children grow old and perish before him. Being half-kin, Aegis’ children had a much longer lifespan than any human, but still limited. Aegis’ youngest daughter, Prini, was his only remaining offspring, and from what Nyx had heard from Prini’s daughter, Shalu, her health was fleeting. Nyx could not imagine what it would be like to witness your children grow old and die, but at least Aegis was not alone with many grandchildren and great-grandchildren. 
As Nyx approached the main cabin, she could hear noises coming from the guest cabin behind it. She recognized the sharp squeals of young children playing. She assumed it was relatives of Aegis or visitors passing through. 
Lost in memories, Nyx failed to notice that Aegis had exited the cabin and stood by the door smiling. 
“Nyx?” Aegis asked, finally alerting the visitor to his presence. “And I was starting to think I would never see you again.”
Nyx smiled at her old friend. “Yes, it’s been too long,” she agreed. 
She was a little surprised by how much Aegis had aged. His once dark brown hair was shorter and greying. His brown skin masked most of his wrinkles, but the lines around his emerald green eyes were visible. His once large and muscular build had weathered slightly, leaving a thinner-looking man. Still, he looked decent for a male pushing eight hundred. 
“I take it that Shalu passed on my message?” Aegis asked as he held open the cabin door for Nyx to enter. 
The inside of the cabin was how Nyx remembered it. The two walked into the kitchen, where Aegis’ granddaughter greeted them. She was a young adult with a brown complexion, dark brown hair and green eyes like her grandfather. 
“I don’t think you’ve met my youngest granddaughter,” Aegis said to Nyx. “This is Saavi. She’s Prini’s youngest.”
Nyx had never met Saavi before, but she recognized the girl from a picture in Shalu’s office. “Nice to finally meet you,” she greeted the young girl. “I’m Nyx. I work with your sister.” 
“Hello,” Saavi replied with a smile. 
“Saavi, would you mind giving us some privacy?” Aegis asked his granddaughter before sitting down at the kitchen table. 
Saavi exited the kitchen as Nyx sat on the chair across from Aegis. There was a moment of silence before Aegis finally spoke up. 
“I must say, I was a little surprised to hear that you are also searching for the journals,” Aegis explained. 
Nyx was a little surprised to hear this. “Who else is looking for them?” she asked. 
“Let’s just say you are not the first to inquire,” Aegis replied. 
“Did you say anything?”
Aegis shook his head no. “The knowledge and secrets contained within those texts would be detrimental if they fell into the wrong hands. So, I must ask, what’s your reason for seeking them?”
Nyx grinned at her friend. “Nothing nefarious,” she reassured him. “You know I’ve always had an interest in kin antiquities. I was hoping to add them to my collection to preserve for future generations.” 
Aegis looked at Nyx skeptically. “Are you sure this has nothing to do with your work for the Council?” 
“No, my interest in them is strictly personal. If the Council is also seeking the books, they have never broached the subject with me. Have they inquired about them?” 
Aegis nodded. “Not just the Council. I had visitors stop by last month, asking if I knew anything about them. Then, last week, I had a visit from Gabriel. On top of looking for the journals, he was fishing for information on the other clans inquiring. Beaumont has always been a neutral sanctuary, so he left empty-handed.” 
“If you won’t divulge the location of the journals to Gabriel, then why are you telling me?” Nyx asked curiously. 
“It’s not a decision I take lightly,” Aegis explained with a sober expression. “After everything you’ve done for my family, I feel I owe it to you. And once I tell you what I know, I trust you will do the right thing.”
“What do you know?”
“After you left for Kabul, your sister and I returned to the village. Tara’s home was untouched by the fire, but she was surprised to find it ransacked. Luckily, Adam hid the journals in a secure location that only Tara knew. Once she showed them to me, I feared that they were the reason behind the massacre. She couldn’t stay here with them, so she fled to live with my family in North America.”
“I always wondered why they travelled all that way,” Nyx said thoughtfully. 
“It was too risky for her to stay,” Aegis explained. “I had a feeling that the creature was not working alone. He is a master manipulator, and there was no way of knowing if nearby clans were compromised. I knew the Gaia clans would keep her safe, so I arranged for Jacob to help her.”
“Why didn’t you tell me this sooner?” Nyx questioned, disturbed by the news concerning her twin.
“You never asked,” Aegis replied with a shrug. “When you returned years later, you said you were going to the village to look for family heirlooms, like your father’s shield. The journals belonged to Adam’s family. You never mentioned your sister during your visit, so I didn’t bring it up. I’m assuming you two still have not reconciled?”
“She passed away before I had a chance,” Nyx explained sadly. 
Aegis looked at Nyx sympathetically. “I’m sorry to hear that. What happened?”
“David Gates murdered her over a century ago,” Nyx said. “I only learnt of this last month, but I’ve reconnected with my nieces.”
“Your sister and the books were right under your nose this whole time,” Aegis said. “Adam’s daughters are the rightful owners. I hope you realize that.” 
“That’s if they still have them,” Nyx remarked. “They’re a reckless bunch. I doubt they even appreciate their historical importance.”
“No other clan must get a hold of those books,” Aegis warned. “Gabriel mentioned the feud between his grandfather and long-time allies.”
“What feud?” Nyx asked, looking confused by the statement. 
“They never told you?” Aegis said, surprised by Nyx’s obliviousness. A concerned look appeared. “I wonder why that is?” he thought out loud before explaining. “The Lunette clan was expelled from the Council for trying to overthrow Ulric.”
“I had no idea,” Nyx replied. “Why would Victor do such a thing?” 
“It’s no surprised, really,” Aegis answered with a shrug. “There has been tension between the two since Jacob’s death. What’s concerning me are the recent events occurring from the fallout.” 
“What else happened?”
“The Lunette clan has joined a clan of Undines in search of the relics. I heard they might be plotting to overthrow the Council,” Aegis explained. “And last week, Exodus passed away mysteriously. Malachi is the main suspect, and Ulric removed him from his position.”
Nyx was dumbfounded by the news and skeptical of Malachi’s involvement. “I doubt Malachi murdered his brother.”
“That’s the consensus amongst his clan,” Aegis explained. “It was most likely done by an individual or group trying to seed doubt or discord from within the Council.” Aegis paused for a second as he watched Nyx’s reaction to the news. “I believe this feud is fueling the race to find the journals. That’s why they must stay hidden.”
“I agree. We cannot let the Lunette clan get their hands on them,” Nyx confirmed. 
Aegis shook his head in disagreement. “No. Neither clan can have them. I know you were young when it happened, but don’t you see the similarities between the Council’s issues and what happened to your village? Feuding clans, mysterious deaths, power struggles, I cannot help but get the feeling that history is repeating itself.” 
Nyx laughed. “I think you’re too isolated up here,” she explained to her old friend. “What you described is just another day with the kin I work with.”
Aegis frowned at Nyx’s slight comment. “It’s best if we don’t risk it. If that demon is behind this, the results will be catastrophic if he succeeds. Your great-great-great-grandfather risked his life in an attempt to defeat him. But he returned with a vengeance, and your village paid the ultimate price. We need to make sure we are ready this time. With the texts in his possession, who knows what kind of powers he could unleash upon this planet.”
Seeing the seriousness on Aegis’ face, Nyx stopped smiling. “I understand. I will ensure that the journals will remain with my nieces.” 
Aegis studied Nyx intensely before smiling. “Excellent,” he declared before slapping the arms of his chair and standing. “I think this overdue reunion calls for a celebration. Would you mind retrieving some cups? I have a bottle I’ve been saving for such an occasion.” 
Aegis left the room towards the storage and returned seconds later with an old bottle of whisky.  “Jacob gave this to me last time I saw him. It’s from his father’s private collection,” Aegis said before popping the cork. “I’ve been reluctant to open it all these years, waiting for the right moment. But it’s as good as time as any; he was so fond of you and Tara.”
Nyx looked at the bottle with great sadness as she remembered her friend. “Jacob was one of the few Lunettes I enjoyed being around. It’s a shame he’s gone.”
“I always felt sorry for Jacob,” Aegis explained. “Even in life, tragedy filled his story, all perpetrated by the actions of his ignorant father.” Aegis paused as he poured a small amount for himself and Nyx before continuing. “I always prayed that my cousin Rose was able to forgive him. He wanted so badly to be with her….”
“One of his daughters is staying with my nieces in Manhattan,” Nyx explained. “Her name is Tempest. She is a lot like him, warm and kind.”
“It’s comforting to know that his genetic legacy lives on,” Aegis stated with a faint smile and raised his drink in memory of his good friend. “To Jacob,” he declared before downing the contents of the cup. 
“To Jacob,” Nyx repeated as she held up her drink. She had placed the cup to her lips as Aegis was drinking from his. As soon as she smelled a familiar and pungent order, Nyx quickly threw her cup down to warn her friend. “Stop!” she exclaimed, but Aegis had already finished his drink. 
Aegis gave his friend a perplexed look as he lowered the empty cup from his lips. 
“It’s poison!” Nyx warned. She would never forget that smell, having come across it once centuries ago. “You need to induce vomiting immediately.”
“What are you talking about?” Aegis questioned, still looking at Nyx like she was crazy. “The bottle was sealed. Look, there is nothing wrong with it.” He reached for the bottle and picked it up to show Nyx when his hand started to shake. Suddenly, the bottle slipped from his grip, striking the table before shattering on the floor. 
“Saavi, help!” Nyx called for assistance as she watched Aegis starting to convulse before her. 
Aegis’ granddaughter rushed into the room. The two females lowered the large man onto the floor as his eyes were rolling back into his head and frothing at the mouth. Suddenly, Aegis started to vomit, prompting them to roll him onto his side. 
“What’s happening?” Saavi demanded in a panic. Her eyes were starting to tear up at the sight of her grandfather. 
“It’s poison!” Nyx explained, motioning to the broken bottle on the floor. 
“What do we do?” Saavi asked franticly. She was shaking as she looked down at the semi-conscious man.
Aegis had stopped convulsing but was dry heaving as he laid on his side with his heavy eyes only slightly opened. A few seconds later, he stopped heaving, and his mouth was moving like he was trying to speak. Nyx and Saavi leaned in to listen, but Aegis’ faint voice was obscured by the sound of footsteps outside, followed by a male entering the kitchen. The two females looked up to see Aegis’ grandson, who had heard the commotion from the other cabin. 
“Ajay, please help!” Saavi called to her cousin. “He ingested poison!”
With the help of Ajay, the three of them moved Aegis to the sofa.   
“I’ll get Asima,” Ajay explained before leaving to fetch his medically trained wife.
The two women helplessly watched as Aegis laid before them. His breathing was quick and shallow, his skin was cold and clammy, and there was a gurgling sound in his breath. 
Tears were flowing down Saavi’s face as she knelt close to her grandfather. She held his hand in comfort as he started to stir. Aegis grimaced as he opened his eyes and looked over at the two females. His lips and mouth appeared dry as he tried to speak. 
Noticing that Aegis was dehydrated, Nyx quickly left the room to retrieve some water and handed the cup to Saavi. Aegis was barely able to lift his head as he tried to drink. He only took enough to wet his mouth and lips before stopping and signalling that he has enough. 
“Thank you,” Aegis struggled to say to his granddaughter before another look of pain appeared on his face, forcing him to close his eyes tight. 
Saavi squeezed her grandfather’s hand. “Don’t worry,” she tried to reassure him while fighting back sobs. “Ajay will be back with Asima. She’ll know what to do.”
Aegis opened his eyes and looked at her, determined to say something. “It’s too late for me,” Aegis warned, struggling to speak. “When I’m gone, they’ll come for the hammer… You must take it to my clan. Shalu will know what to do.” The dying man looked over at Nyx. “Please, take Saavi back with you.”
“Of course,” Nyx replied. Tears were starting to form in her eyes as she watched her lifelong friend fading before her. 
Saavi started to weep as Aegis struggled to catch his breath.
Seconds felt like minutes before Ajay and Asima finally entered with Asima carrying a bag over her shoulder. Asima was a young woman of Arab descent. She was wearing modern clothes consisting of jeans and a loose shirt with a green hijab covering her hair and neck. She opened the medical bag and retrieved a stethoscope and blood pressure cuff. As Asima approached, Saavi stepped back and started to sob uncontrollably. 
Asima used the stethoscope to listen to his chest as Aegis closed his eyes in pain. 
Seeing his grandfather struggling to stay alive, a wave of anger came over Ajay. He turned to Nyx and Saavi for answers. 
“Who did this?!” Ajay demanded. 
“The bottle that Jacob gave him was spiked,” Saavi replied.  
“Why would he do this?” Ajay questioned. 
“Grandfather said something about someone coming for his hammer,” Saavi explained. “He wants me to bring it to his clan in North America.” 
Ajay shifted his glare to Nyx. “Why didn’t you drink the poison?” 
“I recognized the smell, but by the time I warned him, he had already finished the drink,” Nyx explained. 
“Then, you know who did this?” Ajay asked. 
“I’m not certain, but I have my suspicions,” Nyx answered truthfully. “I assure you, I will find the party responsible.”
Before Ajay could respond to Nyx's promise, Asima drew their attention back to the sofa. Aegis’ chest was no longer moving, and his eyes shut.  
Asima turned to the others with a grim expression on her face. “I’m sorry,” she said to the group as tears started to flow freely.
Saavi started to cry as she fell to her knees in grief. Nyx tried to comfort the young woman as Asima and Ajay embraced each other. 
Aegis’ passing had happened so fast it took some time for everything to sink in. The only sounds in the cabin were quiet sobs as everyone tried to come to terms with the death of Beaumont sanctuary's founder and loving patriarch. 
After saying their goodbyes, Nyx helped Asima and Ajay tend to the body while Saavi used Nyx’s satellite phone to call her mother. It was late by the time Aegis’ body was cleaned and prepared for burial in the morning. Nyx helped Saavi clean the kitchen before using her phone to reach John back in New York. With it being midday in the big city, Nyx knew it would not take him long for John to find Victor’s current location. 
Being present for the conversation, Saavi waited for Nyx to end the call before speaking. “If you are going to confront the person who did this, I want to come with you,” said Saavi.
“No, it’s best if I go alone,” Nyx explained. “I’ve arranged for your travel back to Manhattan. Your sister will be waiting for you at the airport. We need to hide your grandfather’s hammer so no one can find it.”
“But he said to bring it to his clan,” Saavi reminded her. 
“We need to locate them first,” Nyx explained. “In the meantime, I have a safe place where we can store it.”   
 Saavi did not respond but nodded in agreement. 
With a plan in place, the two made their way to bed. It was almost midnight by the time Nyx placed her head on the pillow, and although she was exhausted, she could not sleep a wink. Today’s events evoked so many painful memories and prompted so many questions. Her mind raced as she lay in bed, thinking about Aegis’ poisoning. Aegis was one of the few kin on this earth she trusted, and she promised to make those responsible for his murder encounter the same fate. 
 




V


August 7th, 2017

Ierapetra, Greece
It was a warm and cloudless morning in the southern coastal town located on the Greek island of Crete. Seated alone in the outdoor courtyard of a private kin resort was Kujo. He was a petite male with effeminate features and revealing Venti traits. A broad-brimmed hat covered his feathery shoulder-length silver hair, and oversized sunglasses concealed his pale blue eyes. A loose white shirt covered everything from the neck down except his hands and large silver wings.
Kujo quietly ate under the watchful eye of the serving staff as they completed their morning tasks. The fresh coastal air and summer breeze welcomed him as he took in the peaceful island scenery. Unfortunately, Kujo had little time to enjoy his breakfast before being interrupted by the unexpected appearance of his twin sister Kurai. 
Kurai and Kujo were almost identical physically except for the apparent sex-specific traits like breasts and opposing genitalia. If anything, Kurai possessed more masculine features due to her slightly muscular physique, casual clothes, and hair pulled back into a mass of messy braids. A menacing tattoo of two deep-sea dragonfish with exaggerated large heads and razor-sharp teeth wrapped around her right arm and shoulder blade. She was wearing tight jeans and an altered tank with a pair of sunglasses shielding her eyes from the bright sun. Her silver wings glistened in the light as she walked out onto the stone patio towards her brother.
Spotting his sister enter the courtyard, Kujo smiled. “How unexpected. What brings you to the Mediterranean?”
“I’ve been trying to track you down for days,” Kurai explained in exasperation. “Do you ever turn on your phone?”
Kujo’s smile had now vanished. “Not since I started overseeing the raids,” he explained bitterly. “The last thing I want is to get roped into another foolish assignment.” 
Kurai smiled at her brother’s grousing. “Speaking of assignment, how’s yours going?” 
Kujo sighed. “An utter waste of my time and talents. Almost a dozen raids and all we have to show for it is a pendant and the key.”
“Wasn’t the key taken from the Leviathan last week?”
“We were able to make a copy.” Kujo took a sip of his tea before continuing. “And we translated the book before returning it, so not a complete waste.”
“About that, shouldn’t you be in Cairo?” Kurai asked. “I spent two days locating your unit only to be told that you abandoned them.” 
Kujo’s demeanour shifted. “I did no such thing,” he said defensively, lowering his cup. “I gave them a much-needed break.”
“When do you plan on returning?” 
“Later today,” Kujo replied before finishing his last bite of peach and sitting back in his chair. Knowing that his sister must have tracked him down for a reason, he grew weary of the pleasantries. “Please, sister, do tell why you scoured the Sahara in search of me?”
“Gabriel is tasked with investigating Ex’s death. He has some questions about our research.”
“Have you spoken to him about it?”
“Yes,” Kurai replied. “That’s why our answers must coincide. We can’t risk getting dragged into this drama.”
“What did you tell him?”  Kujo asked, troubled by the news. 
“I gave him nothing,” Kurai replied sternly. 
“Why didn’t you just tell him that a batch went missing?” Kujo inquired. 
“They already suspect a link between Ex’s death and Septimus’ poisoning,” Kurai explained. “If they think we’re involved now, we’d have a lot of explaining to do.”
Kujo signed in frustration. “It’s not like we did anything wrong,” he stated in annoyance. “Do they suspect our involvement in all of this?”
“Not directly,” Kurai replied. “They need to investigate all leads, and it doesn’t help when our mother goes opening her big mouth. The evidence still points to Malachi, but I think Gabriel suspects the Lunette clan.” 
Kujo shook his head in disagreement. “Sophia and Adonia seem to think Cyrene is responsible.” 
“That’s bold,” Kurai remarked. “Do you think she’s crazy enough to kill her nephew?”
Kujo shrugged. “If anyone knows what she’s capable of, it’s them.” 
“Interesting,” Kurai said with a smirk. “Maybe I will attend the reunion after all. It should make for an interesting show.”
“If it even proceeds,” Kujo corrected. “With everything that’s happened, I heard they were contemplating cancelling it.”
“I doubt it,” Kurai remarked. “But Ex’s death aside, I thought we were still ahead of schedule?”  
“That was before we were interrupted by that reporter and her flock,” Kujo replied with a frown. 
“They shouldn’t be a nuisance for much longer if Gabriel’s two complete their task,” Kurai commented. 
“It’s their clan I don’t trust,” Kujo said. “The Ifrits have proven themselves to be unreliable players. Who’s to say they won’t take the key for themselves or help the enemy? Two of our targets are also Ifrits, after all.” Kujo smiled evilly. “That’s why I left them one of our newest designs as a test of their alliance.”
Kurai crossed her arms. “I’m sure they’ll use it. That clan has been our allies for many centuries,” she said, rolling her eyes. “It would be foolish of them to betray us now.”
Kujo did not look convinced. “We once said the same thing about the Lunette clan, and look what happened with them. If it weren’t for our familial connections, the Ifrits probably would have turned on us long ago as well.”
“Speaking of familial connection,” Kurai interjected with an evil smile. “This is probably a good time to tell you that our grandfather is waiting for you in Cairo. I think he has a new assignment for you.” 
Kujo’s frown deepened. “Like always, you are the dark cloud that rains of my parade,” he signed in frustration. 
“Love you too, brother,” Kurai replied before exiting the courtyard.

ΟΟΟΟΟΟΟ

Dubai, United Arab Emirates

Inside a luxury hotel conference room, the four generals conversed while waiting for their patriarch to arrive. On one side of the table sat brothers Kafka and Slater. Slater possessed dominated Aurora traits like his brother with golden yellow hair and eyes, but his hair was much shorter, standing less than an inch off his head. Compared to his brother’s abnormally pale skin, Slater possessed a slightly darker complexion and had a faded scar beginning on the corner of his right eye and ending along his cheekbone. Across the table were Gillies and Gabriel. 
The Ifrit brothers were gossiping to their cousins about recent events. Gabriel had just finished telling everyone about his excursion to Beaumont the previous day. 
“By the time I arrived, the hammer was no longer there,” Gabriel informed his brother and cousins. “Ajay said they are returning it to Aegis’ clan.”
“So, who killed the mountain barbarian?” Kafka asked, pleasantly amused by the news of Aegis’ death. 
“Probably Nyx,” Gillies theorized. “Wasn’t she there when he died?” 
“I don’t think so,” Gabriel corrected his brother. “His grandson said there was poison in an old bottle of whisky Jacob gave Aegis.” 
“Or that’s what she wanted them to think,” Gillies retorted, not convinced of Nyx’s innocence. “Why didn’t she drink the poison? We all know that bitch never turns down a drink.”
“The more important question is why was she in Beaumont,” Slater corrected.
Gabriel was about to reply, but the conversation paused when Ulric entered the room. The older man stood at the head of the table to address his grandsons. 
“Are the twins not joining us?” Gillies asked, expecting them to accompany Ulric. 
“No. I sent Kurai and Kujo on more important assignments. Now that Victor is targeting the Ifrit journal, we can’t afford to wait any longer.”
“Even if they locate the journal, they still have to secure the key and translate it,” Gabriel reminded everyone. 
“I have Kurai keeping an eye on the situation,” Ulric explained before turning to Gillies. “In the meantime, I need you to continue searching for the remaining relics.”
“What’s left to find?” Gillies asked. “With the hammer on its way to North America, all the remaining artifacts are with Victor or in Nyx’s territory.”
“Who has the hammer?” Ulric asked. 
“Saavi is returning it to Aegis’ clan overseas,” Gabriel explained. “And one of the Americans following us has the dagger.”
“I’m sure your two will have no trouble retrieving it once their mission is over,” Ulric replied. “Nyx will retrieve the remaining items. They’re in her territory after all.”
“Is that wise?” Gillies asked. “She might want to keep them for herself.”
“We have no reason not to trust her,” Ulric replied before turning back to Gabriel. “Have you made any progress in your investigation?” 
“I suspect a Lunette took the poison from the twins’ laboratory, but I have no evidence to back it up,” Gabriel replied. “I suspect Lucis. He’s been spotted on the property after we barred Victor.” 
“That doesn’t mean anything,” Slater corrected. “He was most likely there for Esther. They’re indifferent to the Council’s affairs.”
“The twins said nothing was missing. Why would they lie?” Ulric asked.
“To avoid being implicated in the death,” Gabriel replied matter-of-factly. 
“It would not surprise me if it were the Lunette clan,” Kafka added with a grin, stirring the pot of reprisal. “They have the most to gain from our turmoil.” 
“They are trying to form alliances with other clans,” Ulric explained. “Victor is by far my most regretted union. I fear he will not rest until he sees our family destroyed.”
“Then we will destroy him first,” Kafka declared. 
“Agreed,” Ulric replied before turning to Slater. “I need you to check in on Jet’s clan. I want to know what Victor’s next attack will be.” Slater nodded in affirmation, prompting Ulric to move on to the last talking point. “The reunion is less than two weeks away. If we want this long-standing tradition to proceed, we need to ensure the elimination of all threats.”
“Consider it done,” Gabriel said, speaking for himself and his fellow generals before ending the meeting to continue with their respective assignment. 




VI



August 8th, 2017


Alexandria, Egypt
With a flare-up of fighting on the West Bank, the group decided to remain with Adely’s aunt for a few days for Marko’s arm to heal and stock up on supplies before continuing their journey. The plan was to reunite Zaeris with her clan and hopefully gather some intel in the process. Diana, Axel, Zaeris, and Marko, carrying a flightless Adley, waited until the early hours of the morning to depart. Playing it safe, they decided to fly over the Mediterranean Sea from Tel Aviv to Alexandra. Then they followed Zaeris west as she led the way towards her home. 
The night’s sky was just starting to brighten when they cleared Alexandria and landed in the deserted region southwest of the congested city. 
“Let’s take a break,” Diana suggested after noticing Marko rubbing his injured shoulder. 
“Good idea,” Zaeris agreed. “We have about two hundred kilometres to cover before we reach Qara.”
“I’ve never heard of Qara,” Adley said to Zaeris. “Where does your clan live exactly?”
“Not surprised you’ve never heard of it,” Zaeris replied. “It’s a small community that rests on the Gara Oasis.”
“How has your clan been able to stay hidden for so long?” asked Adley. 
 “It’s a tiny oasis and is rarely visited,” Zaeris explained. 
“How many live in Qara?” Diana asked.
“It’s a few hundred strong,” Zaeris replied. “It’s a diverse community, from humans to kin and everyone in-between.”
“Are they welcoming to outsiders?” Adley asked, having experienced kin hostility towards outsiders firsthand. 
“Not really,” Zaeris answered. “But you shouldn’t run into any issues. My clan has been protecting the village for generations. I’ll vouch for you.”
“Do you have any siblings?” Diana asked, curious about Zaeris’ clan. “What about your parents?”  
“I have a twin brother,” Zaeris replied. “My grandfather is the village leader. His clan was one of the founders. My father is not a Qara native. He travels a lot, sort of like a kin diplomat. Sometimes my brother and I will go with him. We even lived in Manhattan for six months; that’s where I learned English.” 
“Sounds like you have an exciting life,” Adley remarked. 
With the females busy conversing, Axel turned to Marko, who was looking at his phone. “What are you looking at?” he asked his brother. 
“I just received a text from Brook,” Marko explained. “Her and Finn reached Madrid.”
“In four days, that was fast,” Axel said. “Maybe we should have waited for them in Tel Aviv.”
“No worries,” Marko reassured his brother. “They can track us through my phone. Plus, we waited long enough to get Zaeris home to her family.”
“It’ll be daylight soon,” Diana warned the group. “We should depart.”
With that said, the group took off with Axel carrying Adley to give Marko a break. They followed Zaeris southwest towards a small body of water and neighbouring highland. As they followed Zaeris towards a flat-topped mountain, they could see lights from a group of simple homes resting beneath. The dwellings on the top of the hill were much older and void of light, appearing abandoned. 
The sun was now starting to peek out over the horizon when the travellers approached the highland. The small group followed Zaeris’ lead as she landed in the center of the mountain top village. As soon as the group landed, two male Ifrits greeted them wearing loose black pants and altered black shirts. They appeared to be security guards, with the shorter male aiming his rifle as they cautiously advanced towards the small group. Recognizing Zaeris, the armed Ifrit lowered his weapon when the young girl separated from the others and approached. 
Adley, Diana, Marko, and Axel stood back as Zaeris conversed with the two males in Arabic. At one point in their conversation, Zaeris motioned behind her, causing the two males to stop and glance back at the group before continuing to talk. It was apparent by the look on the males’ faces that they were wary of the newcomers. 
After a brief exchange of words, Zaeris turned around and approached her travelling companions. “I apologize for the cool reception,” she informed the group before motioning to the armed men. “I’m going to wake my mother. These two will escort you to a guest lodge so you can get some rest. Our community is on high alert after what happened in Alexandra, so stay there until I come for you.”
Zaeris signalled to the security before leaving the village center. The small group followed the two males towards a small structure not far from where they were standing.
 The shorter male opened the old wood door and stood by the entrance. “Rest here,” he said to the group as they entered. “Breakfast in few hours,” he added before shutting the door behind them. 
Adley was the last one in and thanked the hosts before joining the others. The building was a simple two-room home, consisting of a table and chairs in the main room with sleeping mats in the bedroom. The exhausted travellers did not say a word as they removed their bags and took in their surroundings. 
Mako retrieved his phone and noticed that his battery was running low. He immediately started rummaging through his pack for a power bank. While Marko looked for his phone charger, the two females began examining their accommodations. 
“It may not have much, but the view is spectacular,” Diana said as she looked out the small window. Their mountain top location provided them with an unobstructed view of the morning sun rising in the distance. “It certainly beats living underground.”
“Or a prison cell,” Adley agreed, standing next to Diana as they took in the scenery. 
“I wonder if they have any useful information about these raids,” Axel wondered out loud as he looked through his bag for their notes. 
Out of all of them, Axel and Adley were the most invested in their quest for information. Throughout the entire journey, they spent almost every waking minute scrutinizing Hunter’s notes and meticulously documenting their findings in the hopes that it would provide them with a clue to Ra-Shin’s next move. 
“If Ra-Shin targeted their allies, they must fear they’re next,” Adley said as she sat at the table next to Axel. 
“Judging by the tight security, I think you’re right,” Marko agreed.
“Zaeris did say they were not welcoming to outsiders,” Diana added. “Living on top of a mountain would make for an easy target. It’s been centuries since I’ve seen a kin village this visible and exposed.” 
“You’re right,” Adley agreed. “Before this, we’ve only come across pockets hidden in cities or remote areas. It’s also the first village we’ve seen openly living next to humans.” 
With the temperature climbing, Adley searched her bag for the bottled water she packed in Tel Aviv and handed some out to her friends. An hour quickly passed as the group started to settle into their temporary accommodations. Adley and Axel talked amongst themselves as they reviewed their notes. Utilizing the downtime, Diana left the room to take a nap. 
With everyone else preoccupied, Marko snacked on some of the biscuits and cookies Adley’s aunt had packed for them before searching through his bag. Having a natural fondness for heat, he was enjoying his time in the desert environment.
Marko exited the house and located a bright spot near the entrance. He sat down and leaned back against the hot wall as the warm sunlight exposed his ruby-red wings. Mako silently took in the scenic mountaintop view before reaching for the dagger strapped to his belt. He removed the red and gold metal sheath and inspected the blade. Spotting some dulling at the tip, Marko reached into his pocket to retrieve a sharpening stone.
Marko had just started to sharpen the blade when Zaeris approached. She had changed into black pants and a top wrapping around her torso, leaving her upper back and wings exposed. Zaeris’ wings were entirely black except for some red speckled along the bottom half.
“Looks like someone is enjoying the weather,” Zaeris commented to Marko, basking in the sun. 
“Yes,” Marko agreed. “I wish the summers could be more like this where I live. And don’t get me started on the other eight months of the year.” 
Zaeris nodded in agreement. “I found the New York weather too wet for my liking.” 
“I guess you don’t get much rain out here,” Marko observed. 
“Only in January,” Zaeris explained. “We get the odd spring and fall precipitation, but the summers are arid.”
Spotting the dagger and sharpening stone in Marko’s hand, Zaeris looked at him apologetically. “Sorry for throwing your knife overboard the other day. It must be important to you.”
“It is,” Marko agreed. “It’s been in my partner’s family for generations. It’s irreplaceable, but she insisted I bring it.”
Zaeris looked surprised by this news. “Why didn’t she come with you?”
“She stayed back in Manhattan with our boys,” Marko explained. “I only came along for my brother. We were reunited last month after being separated as children. He insisted on accompanying Diana, and it was too soon for me to say goodbye, so I joined him.”
“That’s so sweet and sad,” Zaeris said sympathetically. “I can’t imagine being separated from my brother for that long.” There was a brief silence as Marko continued sharping the weapon. Zaeris glanced down at the dagger in his hand before asking, “Is your wife from a clan of Ifrits?” 
“Yes,” Marko replied. “How did you guess?”
Zaeris pointed to the red jewel mounted on the weapon’s grip. “I remember seeing that exact dagger in an old book.”
“What kind of book?” Marko asked curiously. 
“Just some old text belonging to my clan,” Zaeris replied. “We’ve been documenting kin history since we first came to this planet.”
“Freya has some books and journals she inherited from her father,” Marko explained. 
“Freya, that’s a pretty name,” Zaeris commented with a smile as she tucked some of her loose red and black hair behind her ears. “My grandfather said that the brother of our ancestor disappeared many centuries ago with some of our clan’s most valuable items like that dagger.”
“He might have ended up in the village we’re from,” Marko suggested. “Our families lived there for generations before its destruction.”
Zaeris looked intrigued by this news, but before the conversation could continue, the two were interrupted by Adley exiting the residence.
“Sorry to interrupt,” Adley said as she held up a cell phone that was attached to a power bank. “Marko, Brook wants to talk to you.” 
Marko quickly stood up and entered the residence with Zaeris close behind. He took the phone from Adley and exited the room to talk in private. 
Zaeris greeted the others as soon as she entered the guest house. Diana was now up and sitting at the table with Axel. The little table was full of loose papers, a tablet, and Adley’s laptop. 
Zaeris approached the table inquisitively. “Still trying to figure out your next move?”
“Yes,” Adley replied. “We can’t decide if we should go to Alexandria to gather more intel or try to determine Ra-Shin’s next target.”
“Why would you need to go to Alexandra?”  Zaeris questioned. “I was there when Ra-Shin attacked. I can tell you everything.”
“Can you tell me about the kin they targeted?” Adley asked. “I recall you saying they were relatives of yours.”
“Yes, on my maternal grandmother’s side,” Zaeris explained. “She’s an Aurora. There is a small community of them that live on the outskirts of the city. I was with my cousins when we were awoken by yelling in the early hours of the morning. The next thing I knew, a group of armed Ra-Shin soldiers stormed the place, demanding all our weapons and valuables. They were seeking something because the only thing they ended up taking was the necklace that had been in my grandma’s family forever. Unfortunately, as you know, I was unable to retrieve it before I was captured and taken aboard the ship.”
“What do they want with it?” Diana asked. 
“No clue,” Zaeris replied. “Other than being one of the fourteen relics brought to Earth from the old world, I have no idea what they would want with it. The cryptograph we retrieved from the ship I could understand, but this was just a necklace.”
“Is the cryptograph one of the fourteen relics?” Adley asked. 
“I believe so,” Zaeris agreed. “My mother and grandfather will know more about that stuff. They should be by soon to meet you.”
Suddenly, there was a knock on the front door, followed by two people entering as if on cue. The first was a female with facial features that were almost identical to Zaeris. The only difference was that this woman had bright red hair with two thick streaks of black flowing down the side of her face. She had an outfit like Zaeris’, except hers had gold trim around the sleeves and neckline. It was apparent that this woman was Zaeris’ mother. Following behind the female was Zaeris’ grandfather.  He was a tall man with short black hair that faded to red at the ends. His hair was in the early stages of greying, and he had wrinkles around his eyes. He wore loose black clothing similar to what the females were wearing. Both the male and female’s wings consisted of a mixture of red and black feathers that disappeared as soon as they entered the room. 
“This is my mother Zoelle and my grandfather Azriel,” Zaeris introduced to her friends before turning to her immediate family. “I would like to introduce you to Brook, Diana, and Axel. Marko is in the room on a call.”
“Nice to meet you,” Azriel greeted.
“Thank you for saving my daughter,” Zoelle added, smiling at the guests. 
“No need to thank us,” Diana replied. 
“We probably wouldn’t have made it off the boat if it wasn’t for her,” Adley added with a smile. 
“You two came at the perfect time,” Zaeris said to her mother and grandfather. “I was just telling them about my grandmother’s necklace. I think Ra-Shin might be after the ancient kin artifacts.” 
“We’ve reached the same conclusion,” Azriel confirmed. 
“We've received intel from our allies in Cairo that the same team of Ra-Shin soldiers entered the city three days ago,” Zoelle explained. 
Zaeris looked concerned by this news. “Do you think they will target the vault?”
“We believe so,” Zoelle replied. “Zenos and Zachariah took a small team to al-Azhar as a precaution.”
“But there are no relics in that vault,” Zaeris explained. “The items in it only hold significance to our clan.”
“We can’t take any chances,” Zoelle explained. “Our clan’s journals contain a wealth of knowledge and secrets. We can’t risk it getting into the wrong hands.”
“Speaking of relics,” Zaeris stated, having just remembered something. She motioned to Marko as he was entering the room. “Marko here has a dagger that looks identical to the one lost by our ancestors. Could it be the same one?”
Azriel and Zoelle appeared surprised when they turned to see the dagger strapped to Marko’s belt. 
“May I please see that dagger?” Azriel asked Marko while holding out his hand. 
Marko was reluctant to hand over the weapon. He quickly glanced over at his friends before turning back to Azriel. He slowly retrieved the dagger and handed it to the older man, not wishing to insult his hosts. 
Azriel studied the blade carefully as he held it in his hands. Everyone watched as his eyes started to brighten while simultaneously, the gem mounted in the dagger’s handle began to glow a bright red. A smile appeared on the man’s face when a small flame engulfed his hand as it grasped the weapon. Azriel and the dagger were unscathed by the fire as it burned for a few seconds before disappearing.
The smile on Azriel’s face was now gone as he looked at Marko with a stern expression. “Where did you get this?” 
“It belongs to my wife’s family,” Marko replied. 
“She’s an Ifrit, too,” Zaeris clarified.
“Where is she?” Zoelle asked curiously. 
“She’s with the rest of our family in New York,” Marko replied. 
Accepting Marko’s explanation, Azriel’s smile returned. “I can’t believe after all these centuries, our clan’s dagger has found its way home.”
Not liking Azriel’s enthusiasm, Marko took a step towards the man with his hand out. “Can I have it back now? It’s important to her. I promised I would not let anything happen to it.”
Azriel paused, contemplating Marko’s request. It was apparent to the onlookers that he was reluctant to return the weapon. “You best take good care of it,” Azriel warned as he handed the dagger back to Marko. “You should store an item this important in a more secure location. There are some out there who would stop at nothing to get their hands on it.”
“We normally keep it in a secure location, but she insisted I take it with me,” Marko explained. 
“Mom, would you mind if we go to al-Azhar?” Zaeris asked her mother, trying to change the subject. “If someone is planning an attack, we can help.”
Zoelle and Azriel exchanged glances as they contemplated the request. 
“Yes, but I would advise that you only bring males with you,” Zoelle replied. 
Concerned about splitting up, Axel turned to Diana and Adley. “Are you two okay with that?” 
“We’ll be fine,” Diana reassured. 
“You two go ahead,” Adley added. 
“Excellent! We’ll leave at sundown.” Zaeris exclaimed with a smile before turning to her mother. “I don’t know about my friends here, but I’m starving.”
“We have some food prepared if you would like to join us,” Zoelle offered the guests. 
“That sounds wonderful,” Adley replied. “Thank you.”
“If you excuse me, I have some important business to attend to,” Azriel said before parting towards the outskirts of the village. 
The group followed their hosts towards the center of the village. Now that it was mid-morning, the small community was bustling with people going about their daily activities. Many of the villagers were kin, mostly Ifrits, with various combinations of red and black coloured hair and wings. The group spotted two Auroras as they walked through the village center, but what stood out the most were some of the human-looking villagers that possessed a combination of human and kin traits. All the wingless villagers looked Egyptian, but many had hair and eye colour as an Ifrit. They even saw one with gold and black bi-coloured hair like an Aurora.
“It’s so refreshing to see kin and humans living together in harmony,” Diana remarked to their hosts as the group neared Zoelle’s home. 
“It’s not like this where you come from?” Zoelle asked, surprised by Diana’s comment.
“We live amongst the humans discreetly,” Diana replied. 
“That’s why I never liked living in the city,” Zaeris added, having experienced living in secret before. 
“What a shame,” Zoelle said. “We have been living peacefully together in this village for over a millennium. We relied on each other for survival and learned a long time ago that diversity is our strength.” 
“You don’t get any trouble from outsiders?” Adley wondered. 
“We don’t receive too many visitors due to our rural location,” Zaeris explained. “We are an extremely self-sufficient community. Travellers will visit the village at the base of the mountain and the oasis. On occasion, some will venture to the top of the mountain, but there haven’t been too many problems.”
By now, the group had reached Zoelle’s residence located near the center of the village. Outside, two women were cooking under a canopy between two buildings. The younger woman looked human with dark olive skin and ebony hair but had bright red irises, a standard trait amongst Ifrits. She was clearly in the late stages of pregnancy, based on the bulge protruding under her black tunic. The other female was more kin-like with a pair of red and black wings. She also had red eyes and a shawl concealing her hair. 
As soon as Zoelle spotted the pregnant woman working in the kitchen, a frown appeared on her face. “Rehana!” Zoelle called as she rushed over towards the women. She began talking to the women in Arabic. Zoelle sounded upset with the pregnant one until the pregnant female motioned towards her cooking companion, and the three of them started laughing. 
Not knowing Arabic, the four visitors silently watched the scene. Then, they all turned their attention to Zaeris, who was laughing at the three women. 
“What’s so funny?” Adley asked Zaeris. 
“Mother says my uncle’s wife should be resting and not helping her cousin with the cooking,” Zaeris explained. “She is due any day now.”
“She looks like she’s ready to burst,” observed Marko. 
Adley watched the women while attempting to understand their conversation. “What are they saying now?” she asked Zaries. 
“Rehana says she is trying to keep preoccupied,” Zaeris explained. “She’s nervous because my uncle is still in Cairo, and she wants him to be here for the birth.”
“That’s understandable,” Diana said sympathetically.
“I hope he makes it back in time,” Adley added.
“Don’t worry, he’s not far,” Zaeris reassured the females. “We can call him if she goes into labour.”
As the three women continued conversing, Zaeris led the visitors into Zoelle’s residence. It was a little larger than the house they were staying in but had a more lived-in feel. Inside was a young female Ifrit prepping the table. She looked no older than a seven-year-old human but with tiny wings that consisted of a mass of dark grey down feathers protruding from her back. She had long black hair with a red streak along the right side of her face and red eyes. 
Spotting the newcomers, the girl started to address the group in Arabic, but Zaeris cut her off to introduce everyone in English. 
“This is my little cousin Zarah. She’s my uncle’s oldest,” Zaeris explained. 
Adley smiled at the girl. “Sabahu Al-Khair,” she greeted in Arabic. 
The girl returned the smile and replied, “Sabah al-Noor.”
Zaeris looked delighted by Adley’s greeting, but Zoelle and the Ifrit woman entered with the food before she could say anything. They placed it down on the table before leaving to retrieve more. Adley and Diana followed them to help bring in the dishes while Zaeris stayed with the others. 
“Please, take a seat,” Zaeris said to Axel and Marko. 
The two brothers took a seat next to each other while their hosts covered the table with an assortment of eggs, cheese, flatbread, falafels, and ful. The food sat untouched as Rehana led them in prayer. Everyone filled their plates as the aromatic dishes passed around the table. There was a moment of silence as everyone started eating their food. Marko was the only one in the group who had spent the morning snacking, but he hungrily dug into his meal with no pause between bites. 
“You must be hungry,” Zaeris commented to the ravenous redhead. “Do you like it?”
“This falafel is delicious,” Marko replied after swallowing a mouthful. “What do you put in it?”
“It’s called ta’meya,” Zaeris explained. “It’s made with fava beans.”
“I want this recipe,” Marko said, impressed with the dish. 
“You cook?” Zoelle asked, intrigued. 
“All the time,” Marko replied before taking another bit. 
“Marko is an amazing cook,” Diana explained. 
“His obsession with food knows no bounds,” Axel added as he took a bite from his almost full plate.
While the group conversed in English, Zoelle and Zaeris took turns translating parts of the conversation for the other three females. The comment about Marko’s cooking prompted Rehana to say something in Arabic. 
“Rehana says that Marko can help with dinner if he wants,” Zaeris translated. “They can show you how to cook Egyptian food, and in return, you can show them some of your recipes.”
“I’d be delighted,” Marko replied, thrilled with the idea of learning new recipes.
The group continued to eat and converse for over an hour. By the time they finished, the group had relaxed with full bellies. Adley and Diana insisted on clearing the table and cleaning up while Marko and Axel went with Zaeris to retrieve more water from the mountain base. After they finished cleaning, Zaeris took them on tour below the highland and to the oasis. Unlike the higher kin village, the town below was comprised of primarily humans with the odd kin. Adley could sense her companions' uneasiness as they walked amongst the humans in the daylight, but the fact that the locals did not pay much attention helped relieve their anxiety. 
As soon as they returned from their tour, the women called Marko away to help with the dinner preparations while the rest returned to their residence to prepare for their next mission. With only Marko and Axel accompanying Zaeris into Cairo, the group discussed strategies should anything go awry. Axel ensured to charge all communication devices while arming himself should they run into hostiles.
Dinner turned out to be a much bigger affair compared to brunch. It looked like the whole mountain top community was joining the feast. Azriel was in attendance this time and sat at the head with his family and their guests. Adley wondered if this was a nightly occurrence or a special occasion. This time everyone spoke in Arabic as Zaeris and Zoelle translated everything into English for the guests. 
The sun was setting, and their stomachs were full by the time they finished dinner. Wasting no time, Zaeris departed the village with Marko and Axel leaving Adley and Diana behind. 
It was nightfall by the time Marko, Axel, and Zaeris reached Cairo. The brothers followed Zaeris as she landed on the rooftop of a building near the city's heart. She walked towards the rooftop entrance and used a key to unlock the door. As soon as they entered the building, Marko was hit with a pungent smell that he could only describe as a combination of cooking aroma and disinfectant. 
The trio descended the first set of stairs towards the top floor of the apartment complex. She approached one of the first apartments and knocked on the door. They could hear footsteps from inside the apartment, followed by a brief pause and the sound of the door unlocking. 
A female slowly opened the door. She was a young woman with brown eyes, an olive complexion, and a hijab covering her hair and neck. The woman was smiling when she opened the door, but the smile faded when she spotted Axel and Marko standing behind Zaeris. 
Zaeris said something to the woman in Arabic, causing the woman to step aside, allowing them entry. 
“Fatima, this is Marko and Axel,” Zaeris introduced in English. “They are kin visiting from America.” Zaeris then turned to face the brothers. “This is Fatima. Her family has been our allies for generations. They are our eyes and ears in Cairo.”
“Hello,” Fatima greeted the two with a slight smile. 
The apartment was clean but cluttered, with children’s toys scattered on the floor. A young school-aged boy was sitting on the sofa watching television while a female toddler played nearby. Next to the children was a wooden playpen containing a sleeping infant. 
“Where’s Nabeel?” Zaeris asked the woman. 
“He went to al-Azhar,” Fatima replied in English before switching to Arabic. 
The two females continued to converse in Arabic while the males watched silently. Axel and Marko had no idea what they were saying, but they heard Fatima mention Ra-Shin at one point in the conversation. Zaeris seemed upset as she spoke but did not talk for long before she turned to fill the brothers in. 
“Fatima says the soldiers have been trying to keep a low profile since they arrived,” Zaeris explained. “She thinks they have been conducting surveillance on al-Azhar but don’t seem to be showing any interest in any of the alternative kin hot-spots.” 
“If al-Azhar is the target, what are they waiting for?” Axel wondered. 
“Maybe the mosque is not the target,” Zaeris continued. “Fatima’s husband went there to bring a message to my uncle. She says we should go see them right away.”
Fatima walked over to the kitchen and pulled a key out of the cupboard before handing it to Zaeris. 
“Thank you,” Zaeris said to the woman as she accepted the key. 
The three of them left the apartment and headed towards the stairs. As they descended the stairs, the two brothers wondered how to get into the mosque undetected by Ra-Shin. To their surprise, Zaeris led them to the building’s basement and down a hallway towards a lone door at the end. She used the key to unlock the door that opened into a large boiler room. Zaeris continued towards the back of the room and used the key to open a steel door leading to a set of stairs. The narrow underground passage had a dimly lit trail of overhanging lights. 
As they made their way towards the mosque, Zaeris turned to the two brothers. “Fatima told me that two blue-haired kin were sighted near al-Azhar earlier today.”
“It could be Brook and Finn,” Marko replied. “I told them we were going into Cairo after sundown.”
“Are they relatives of Diana?” Zaeris asked. 
“Finn is Diana’s nephew,” Marko explained. “Brook is our cousin. Our mother and her father are siblings.”
“Oh yeah, I forgot you were half-Undine,” Zaeris remembered. 
Minutes passed in silence as the three made their way down the long path until finally reaching a ladder leading to a trap door. Axel and Marko followed Zaeris up into a room that appeared to be some storage space. It was the basement of the mosque, filled with antiques of all sizes. Most of them were covered in sheets or enclosed in wooden crates for protection. A large cloth concealed a statue-like object. Old pottery and other random items scattered a big wooden table that appeared centuries old. 
Zaeris quickly made her way through the room while the brothers trailed behind as they observed the historical items around them. Finally, the three exited the room and made their way up the stairs towards the main level. 
The centuries-old mosque had rows of columns with stone arches engraved with intricate designs and high ceilings. As they raced down the large hallway, Zares picked up speed when she spotted two human males talking to each other in the distance. Zaeris approached the males and started to converse in Arabic. One of the men pointed to the right as he spoke. After they finished talking, Zaeris continued in the direction the male pointed with Marko and Axel following. 
Zaeris and the brothers turned the corner and travelled towards a large archway as two males emerged from a room. It was apparent that these two were kin. Not only were they dressed like Zaeris, but the younger of the two males also had similar features as her. Like Zaeris, the younger man had jet black hair with strands of red hanging in front of his forehead. The older man had Aurora characteristics with long golden coloured hair and yellow irises. He was a tall, slender man and had a lighter complexion than the Ifrit standing next to him. 
Spotting the two men, Zaeris smiled and hurried towards them. The males looked happy to see Zaeris. 
“Zachariah!” Zaeris called as she gave the younger male a big hug. “It’s so good to see you, brother.”
The two men started to speak to Zaeris in Arabic but then stopped when Zaeris pointed to the brothers behind her. Marko and Axel could make out the word American as Zaeris talked. It prompted the two men to switch to English. 
“Zenos, Zachariah, these are my friends Marko and Axel,” Zaeris explained, introducing everyone. 
“Nice to meet you,” Zachariah said to the brothers. 
“Fatima said there are Ra-Shin soldiers stationed nearby,” Zaeris explained.
“Yes,” Zenos confirmed. “They’ve been there for over a day now but haven’t made a move.”
“We’re beginning to think that al-Azhar is not their target,” Zachariah explained. 
“If they are not after the vault, then what are they doing here?” Zaeris wondered. 
“We received word that an unknown group of Undines were spotted earlier today,” Zenos said, looking displeased. “Undines don’t just wander around the desert. It must be a reason for Ra-Shin’s presence.”
“My friends have two Undine allies that are due to meet them in Cairo,” Zaeris explained. “Could it be them?” 
“Maybe,” Zenos replied. “We are on our way to meet with Nabeel and discuss our next move. Our team is growing restless and want to go back to the village, myself included.” 
 “Don’t worry, Rehana is exactly how you left her,” Zaeris reassured her uncle. 
Before Zenos could respond to his niece, the sounds of yelling and gunfire erupted in the distance. 
“It’s coming from outside!” Zachariah called before running towards the source of the commotion.
Everyone followed towards the sound of the gunfire. They raced down the corridor and through the double-arched entrance. Once outside, they spotted a small group of male Ifrits and humans concealed behind various objects with their guns raised. Bullets were whizzing towards them, hitting the building while casting small chunks of debris on impact. The newcomers looked around but could not find the source of the gunfire. 
“It must be snipers,” Zenos said after a rush of bullets forced the group to find cover. 
With all the targets hiding out of view, the gunfire momentarily ceased. Marko was hiding behind a large pillar. The loud hum of something mechanical caused him to peek out from behind his cover. He quickly glanced around and noticed a large drone flying in the distance. As the flying device neared the adjacent building, the sound of gunfire erupted. With the bullets directed at the drone, Marko could see three snipers, two on top of nearby buildings and one shooting from the top-floor window of another building. The military drone fired one shot towards one rooftop sniper, followed by a body falling off the building. The drone did not have a chance to turn towards the next target when the bullets from the second shooter finally overpowered the aircraft. The drone dropped to the ground just as two more drones dove in from above and fired at the second shooter, successfully neutralizing the target.
By now, everyone on the ground watched the action from their respective concealments as two drones turned their attention towards the third window shooter. Before the flying machines could fire, an unknown figure flew down and landed on top of one of the devices. The unidentified male kin drove his spear into the drone, causing it to fall towards the ground. Even in the dim light, they could see that the unknown kin was a young adult Undine with short blue hair. The remaining drone turned to shoot at the kin, but before it had a chance to fire, the sniper in the window fired his weapon repeatedly, damaging the machine. 
As the final drone fell, the sound of yelling and gunfire resonated from the other side of the gate. Four Ra-Shin soldiers appeared from the shadows and stood in front of the mosque’s gateway while firing their rifles towards the attacking kin and sniper. 
The group guarding the mosque did not know what to make of the situation, unable to distinguish the threat. 
Zachariah and Zaeris were standing near the entrance observing the battle when they heard another commotion coming from inside the building. The distinct sound of gunfire caused the siblings to turn towards each other with alarmed expressions. 
“The vault!” Zaeris said to her brother, prompting the two of them to run back into the building. 
Marko and Axel were standing nearby and overhead Zaeris. They followed the siblings into the mosque and towards the gunfire. As the four of them ran down a series of corridors, the sounds of yelling and gunfire were intensifying. As soon as they turned the corner, they could see the bodies of two Ifrits lying unconscious in front of an entrance. 
Zaeris and Zachariah reached for their weapons but had little time to react before a large male with blue and jet black hair ran out of the room. He was holding a large sword in one hand and a black book in the other. 
Spotting that the intruder was an Undine, Zaeris turned towards Marko standing next to her. “Is that guy with you?” she asked the redhead.
“No,” Marko replied, retrieving his dagger.  
The unknown male fled down the hallway, with the other four in pursuit, but he was too far ahead for Zaeris and Zachariah to risk shooting inside the building. As soon as the intruder reached the courtyard, he jumped and took off into the sky. 
Zaeris and Zachariah were the first to exit. They were about to follow the thief when unexpected gunfire started to rain down towards them. They quickly retrieved back towards the shelter just as Axel and Marko caught up to them. 
“Shooters’re guarding the courtyard while he gets away with the journal,” Zachariah said to the others. 
By now, the gunfire had stopped. Zachariah ran out into the open to check if the shooters had fled. Once they realized the coast was clear, all four of them ran out into the open and took off to see if they could locate the intruder and his accomplices. After circling the area with no sign of the thief or the shooters, they made their way to the entrance to meet Zenos and the others.
“An Undine took the journal,” Zaeris said to her uncle as soon as they landed. 
“It looked like Ra-Shin was trying to stop them,” Axel observed. 
“What kind of information is in the journal?” Marko asked. 
“It has a wealth of information about our ancestors,” Zenos replied. “But most importantly, it contains the location of the very first Sanctuary.”
“What’s so important about that?” Marko wondered. 
“It’s where our founding ancestors live,” Zaeris said, surprised that Marko did not know the significance of this location. “They are not like the rest of us. If the wrong hands can find a way to harness their powers, who knows what will happen.”
“Father will not be happy about this,” Zachariah explained. 
“You should go back to the village and inform Azriel right away,” Zenos directed his nephew. “I’m going to take a scouting team to try to locate the Undines before it’s too late.”
They were all about to part ways when Marko’s phone started ringing. He answered it and greeted the caller before stopping to listen. After a few seconds, Marko turned to Zaeris. “It’s our friends,” he explained. “They just reached the Giza pyramids. Where should I tell them to meet us?” 
 “We’ll come to them,” Zaries replied, not wanting to bring any more newcomers to the mosque. “It’s probably best if we bring them back to the village.”
“See you back at the village,” Zachariah said to his sister before leaving to update their father while Zaeris took Mako and Axel to meet friends. 

ΟΟΟΟΟΟΟ

It was late evening by the time the weary group arrived. Brook and Finn were exhausted from their travels, and Marko’s team depleted, having been awake for almost twenty-four hours. As soon as they landed in the Ifrit village, Zaeris parted for her home to get some much-needed rest. Marko and Axel took Brook and Finn to their accommodations. Upon entering the residence, they were greeted by Diana and Adley, waiting up for their return. 
Diana was so excited to finally speak to Finn after what had felt like a lifetime. She rushed to her nephew with arms opened and gave him a long embrace before greeting Brook.
“It’s so good to see you both!” Diana greeted enthusiastically. “How was your journey?”
“Exhausting,” Brook replied as she hugged Diana. “I’m not built for long distances, that’s for sure.”
“We had to wait until nightfall before leaving Madrid,” Finn explained. “We were further delayed when we lost the signal for almost an hour near Tripoli.”
“This is an amazing village,” Brook remarked to Adley and Marko. “I can’t believe they live in the open like this.”
“I think they might be related to Freya and Quinn’s father,” Marko explained. “They said this dagger belongs to one of their ancestors,” he added while motioning to his weapon. 
“And you said some Undines took one of their journals?” Brook asked, recalling their brief conversation when they first met up near Cairo. 
“Yes. They said it contained the location of some ancient kin,” Axel explained. 
“Isn’t that what Ra-Shin is after?” Diana asked. 
“We’re not exactly sure,” Marko replied. “Ra-Shin showed up, but they protected the mosque. Instead, they seemed more interested in fighting the attacking Undines.”
“Zaeris said if they are searching for the Ancient’s location, they would need the key to decipher the journal,” Axel explained. 
“Speaking of the key,” Brook said while pulling out a stack of papers. “Frey gave me some photocopies of her book. Do you think the key will work on them?” 
“Not sure,” Adley replied. “But the key is with Yuki and Kori in Japan. So we’ll have to go there to use it.”
A worried expression appeared on Diana’s face. “If these Undines need the key to decipher the book, we should probably warn them. They already lost the key once to Ra-Shin.”
“Finn and I can go,” Brook offered. “I promised Frey I wouldn’t let these copies out of my sight.”
“I should come with you,” Adley said. “They invited me to visit anytime.”
“It’s going to be a little harder to get there with Adley. So when should we leave?” Brook asked. 
“Tomorrow at sundown?” Adley suggested. 
“If that’s the plan, then you three need to rest up,” Diana warned, sad to see her nephew and Brook leave so soon. 
With midnight approaching, the weary group turned in for the night, wasting little time before the exhaustion overpowered them, and they drifted off to sleep. 





VII



August 9th, 2017


Ipsen Castle, Germany
It was mid-afternoon when Nyx arrived at the castle in search of Victor. She knew Jacob would never intentionally give a tainted drink to Aegis, and she was determined to find the one responsible. Since the bottle supposedly came from Victor’s private collection, Nyx figured he would be the first to question. 
Ipsen castle had not changed since the last time she visited. Having spent many years here as a young adult, Nyx was familiar with the vast property. Like Beaumont, the castle held many memories, some she cherished, and others she would rather forget. The property originally belonged to Ulric but was traded to Victor and his family around a century ago. 
Since Nyx was well-known amongst the Lunette clan, she met no resistance from Victor’s fraternal nephew when entering the castle. Francis was a middle-aged Venti with short bluish-white hair and still looking fit for his age. Having known the male since they were youths, not to mention the bit of history between them, Nyx assumed she would have unrestricted access to the property.  However, instead of a warm reception from the gatekeeper, Francis ordered Nyx to wait for an escort. 
Nyx scowled, insulted that she needed a handler.  “What’s wrong, Francis? Is the lord suffering through another persecution complex?”
“Don’t take it personally,” Francis said regrettably. “He’s been like this with everyone lately, even his clan.”
Nyx could see that Francis was unhappy with the current arrangement, but she opted not to inquire further, choosing to remain quiet. After a few minutes of waiting, Melinda, the youngest daughter of Victor, arrived to escort Nyx.
“What a pleasant surprise,” the older woman greeted Nyx with a smile. “What brings you here?”
Nyx followed Melinda towards the staircase. “I’ve come to see Victor.”
“He’s in a meeting, but it should be concluding soon,” Melina explained as the two walked down a long hallway. She stopped at the mouth of the corridor leading towards the library. “So, how is Lucinda? Is she still working with you?”
“Yes,” Nyx replied flatly, not wishing to go into any details. She anticipated questions about Lucy from her family, but it was a topic where she had few pleasantries.
“Sandra has been desperately trying to reach out to her,” Melinda explained, “but she has not returned a single call or letter. My poor sister, ignored by her only daughter. I couldn’t imagine how heartbroken she is.”
 “Upsetting indeed,” Nyx agreed, trying to sound sympathetic. “But I’m sure they’ll reconcile sooner or later. Rifts are bound to happen from time to time. I’m going through the same thing with my daughter.” 
“I’m sorry to hear that,” Melinda said. “What happened between you and Styx?”  
“Just a minor spat. Unfortunately for our relationship, Styx inherited my stubbornness,” Nyx explained before changing the subject. “But enough about me. How is your family? I was speaking with your son on the phone a few weeks ago. Imagine my surprise when I discovered that he had twin daughters. The last time I saw little Laszlo, he was still a youth.”
Melinda nodded. “Yes, they do grow up fast. My daughters also have families of their own now. Melanie had triplets last month.”
“I heard Melanie married last year. Congratulations,” remarked Nyx. “How many grandchildren does that make for you now?”
 “Eleven,” Melinda beamed. “Melaine has three, Bethany six, and Laszlo two.”
“I’m sure there’s never a dull moment,” Nyx said with a smile. “But what are Laszlo’s two doing in New York. Why aren’t they with their parents?”
“No one told you?” Melinda asked, shocked. “Diana abducted the girls when they were infants. The Council placed a bounty on her head after she disappeared with them.” 
“Really?” Nyx asked, shocked by the news. “If I had known that, I would have apprehended her when I had a chance.” 
“We’re so relieved to be getting the girls back,” Melaine explained happily. “My father and Ulric’s clans may have their differences, but we all want what’s best for the children. That’s about the only thing on which they can agree.” 
Sensing an opening, Nyx was about to ask Melinda for more details on the feud between the two men when she was interrupted by someone entering the hallway. 
Exiting the library was a large man with dark blue eyes, brown skin, and thick bi-coloured black and dark blue hair. The man paused to talk to someone inside the library before departing in the opposite direction. 
“Who’s that?” Nyx asked.
“That’s Jet,” Melinda replied. “He’s from your village.”
“I thought I recognized him,” Nyx said. “I didn’t know he and Victor were close.”
“More so now that my father is no longer a member of the Council,” Melinda explained. “Coming from the same village, our clans have always been acquaintances, but now they share a common goal.”
“And that is?” Nyx asked curiously. 
“It’s probably better if my father explains,” Melinda replied. “C’mon, he’s ready to see you.”
Melinda escorted Nyx towards the library and waited by the door while Nyx entered. Inside, Victor was seated in one of the two chairs near the fireplace. Victor was an elder with short white hair and pale blue eyes. Although he was technically a senior, his naturally white hair and wrinkle obscuring brown skin gave him the appearance of a late-middle-aged man. 
Upon hearing someone enter the room, Victor looked up and was startled to see Nyx. “Nyx, what a surprise. What brings you here?” he asked, appearing displeased to see her. 
“I was visiting the continent on business and figured I would stop in,” Nyx explained, sensing Victor’s apprehension. 
Victor motioned for Nyx to take a seat in the chair next to him. “And how has my murderous granddaughter been treating you?” 
“It might please you to know that she has been a massive thorn in my side,” Nyx replied flatly.
Victor smiled. “Glad to hear.”
Nyx leaned back into a more comfortable position. “So, I see you’ve recruited some new followers.” 
“Yes, they are going to help me destroy the Council,” Victor replied. 
“Are you sure about that? You might not find them to be the most loyal bunch,” Nyx remarked with a grin. “But I guess I can say the same could about your clan. What happened between you and Ulric?”
Victor frowned at Nyx’s insinuation. “You are questioning my loyalties?” he asked with a raised voice. “Ulric is the traitor! After everything I sacrificed, he stabbed me in the back. We had an agreement and picked Malachi as his delegate! He promised a Venti was to continue to tradition of Council leader.”
Nyx was finding it hard maintaining a sympathetic expression while listening to so much wining. She knew all the things Ulric did to help Victor, including giving him this castle, and Victor greedily focused on the one thing beyond Ulric’s control. “It’s an elected position, so there is no guarantee even Malachi will be selected to lead,” Nyx explained, trying to rationalize. “Plus, you can’t say Ulric didn’t try to honour the agreement. He can’t control what happened to Septimus.”
“He made his choice!” Victor growled. “But I’m not surprised you see it that way. I know where your loyalties lie.”
“My loyalties are to me,” Nyx corrected sternly. “You of all people should know that.”
Victor scoffed. “I know you didn’t come all this way for a chat. Ulric must have sent you to retrieve the Undine medallion,” he said, his arms crossed while pouting. “Sorry to break the news, but you’re too late. Someone already took it.”
“That would explain the tight security,” Nyx remarked. “But no. I’m here for information. Aegis died by poison drinking a bottle of whisky given to him by Jacob. He said it was from your collection.”
Not expecting Nyx’s response, Victor stopped to ponder before answering. “I think I know what bottle you are referring to,” he explained, the anger in his voice subsiding. “I received a bottle of whisky as a gift, but it was of no value to my collection, so I told Jacob to give it to Aegis.”
“It sounds like you were the intended target of the poison,” Nyx said. 
Victor laughed. “Everyone knows you can’t poison a Venti. Why would anyone bother trying?”
“I wouldn’t be so sure,” Nyx cautioned. “Look at what happened to Septimus.”
Victor frowned. “That’s because he’s half-Venti. He has only his mother to blame for that deficiency.”
Nyx rolled her eyes at Victor’s stupidity. “Are you certain about that?” she questioned with a smirk. “Do you or any other halflings in your clan worry about such deficiencies? How about your half-Venti wife and your father?  It’s the norm to inherit the immunities of both parents. What happened to Septimus was unprecedented, and it appears that someone might be trying to do the same to you.”
“I gave Jacob that bottle almost a hundred years ago,” Victor said. “Why did it take Aegis so long to drink it?”
“He said he was saving it for a special occasion,” Nyx replied. 
Victor laughed. “Well, if someone was trying to poison me, they either have incredible patience or gave up.”
“Who gave you the bottle?” Nyx asked. 
Victor paused to think. “I can’t recall. Everyone was gifting me spirits back then. Unfortunately, collectors often become inundated with superfluous gifts.”
“I must find the person who gave you that bottle,” Nyx explained. “If you happen to remember, you know how to reach me.” She was about to sit up to leave when Victor stopped her. 
“Going so soon?” Victor asked. 
“Yes,” Nyx replied. “I told Aegis’ progenies that I would find the person responsible for his death.”
“You know I cannot allow you to report back to Ulric,” Victor explained.
Nyx scoffed, not taking his threat seriously. “What are you going to do? Kill me? You can’t keep me locked up forever.”
Victor smiled. “Maybe not forever, but I can keep you here until we’ve completed our mission, or at least until he comes looking for you.”
“I don’t have time for your paranoia,” Nyx snapped as she stormed towards the library door. She opened the door and was surprised to see two men standing in the hallway, waiting for her. 
Ardyn and Lucis were two brothers whose triplet sister happened to be Nyx’s co-worker, Lucinda. They had similar traits consisting of white hair with light-blue highlights and pale-blue eyes. Ardyn had wavey shoulder-length hair under a black stockman hat, while Lucis possessed longer straight hair neatly tied back. The male siblings did not look pleased to see Nyx, likely because they heard of her recent treatment of their sister.
Nyx waited for the brothers to move, but they did not budge. “Do I have to fight my way through?” she asked, unfazed by their attempt at intimidation. 
Ardyn smiled. “Please do. We would like nothing better than an excuse to run you through,” he said before reaching out with his gloved hand to grab Nyx’s arm.
Not wanting to be handled, Nyx hit his arm away and raised her hands in compliance. “Wherever we’re going, it better not have a cot,” Nyx warned as the two men escorted her through the castle. 
As they ascended another flight of stairs, Nyx turned back to address her captors. “Does your mother know you’re doing this?”
“She doesn’t even know you’re here,” explained Lucis, “and we have no intention of telling her.”
“Too bad we don’t have an extraction chamber to hold you in,” Ardyn remarked, referencing Lucinda’s recent treatment. “It’ll be at least a day or two before someone comes looking for you.”
“For the record, I did not place your sister in that chamber,” Nyx explained. “Her husband did. I only moved her to another location in an attempt to manipulate her family.”
Ardyn laughed. “How did that work out for ya?” he asked as the three of them reached the west wing of the castle. 
Nyx’s captors escorted her down the hallway, stopping at the third door on the right. They unlocked the door that opened into a bedroom with a couch and a queen-size bed. 
Nyx entered the chamber. “My old room, how nice,” she remarked as she surveyed the area. It was how she remembered it except for updated furniture and metal bars mounted over the windows. “And here I thought you slated me for the dungeon.”
“Fortunately for you, the dungeon is no more,” Lucis explained. 
“Victor renovated?” Nyx asked. “Let me guess; he finally added that rumpus room?”
“Amongst other things,” Ardyn commented as he reached for the handle to shut the door. 
“Hey, wait,” Nyx called, causing Ardyn to stop. “Can I get something to eat?”
“No,” Ardyn replied flatly before shutting the door and locking it. 
Nyx let out a sigh of frustration and retrieved her phone while approaching the bed. She considered calling for assistance but decided to hold off for the time being. When it came to grudges, the Lunette clan had the attention span of a goldfish. Based on her past experiences with this clan, she doubted they would imprison her for long. 
Nyx kicked off her shoes and started checking emails. At least the downtime was providing her with an opportunity to catch up on work. The fully charged battery on her mobile device entertained her for a few hours, after which she decided to save her remaining juice and take a nap. She was not sure for how long she was sleeping before a knock awakened her followed by the sound of the door unlocking. Nyx sat up in her bed just as Sandra entered. 
“Sorry about all this,” Sandra said as she held open the door for Nyx. “Melinda told me you were here.”
“What the hell is going on with your father?” Nyx questioned as she put on her shoes.
“He’s been on edge lately,” Sandra said, not wanting to go into detail. “It didn’t help that my two boys put the idea in his head.”
“Won’t you be chastised for helping me?” Nyx asked. 
“Father will get over it,” Sandra explained. “He has his hands full right now. You’re the least of his worries.”
Since Sandra was so forthcoming with information, Nyx used the opportunity to get as much as possible. “What’s up with the Undines he’s working with?” asked Nyx. 
“I know they are not the most trustworthy bunch, but we share a common enemy,” Sandra explained. “And you know what they say, the enemy of my enemy is my friend.”
Nyx did not look pleased with this news. “What does your father have planned for the Council?” 
“I’m only telling you this because of everything you’ve done for my daughter and her family. If you hadn’t taken them in, who knows what would have happened.” Sandra paused, hesitating as she contemplated whether or not to continue. “You have to understand that my father has been acting strange lately. Truthfully, he’s been going downhill since Jacob went missing. My sisters and I can’t even reason with him anymore. I fear the loss of all of his sons has pushed him over the edge.” Sandra paused and looked around nervously before continuing. “My father blames Ulric and will stop at nothing to ruin him. I think they are targeting the reunion because of how much it means to Ulric and Ultima.”
Nyx rolled her eyes. “They still have that lame annual bash? You would think they’d put the brakes on it with all the shit going on.” 
“They might,” Sandra replied. “It hasn’t been officially greenlighted yet. They seem to have their hands full at the moment.” Sandra walked towards the door and looked down the hallways before motioning for Nyx to follow her. “We should probably go before someone sees us.” 
Nyx followed the woman out of the room. “That reminds me,” she said as they walked down the hallway. “Do you know anything about a bottle of whisky your father had Jacob give Aegis?”
“Yes, I remember,” Sandra replied. “I was there when my father told Jacob to give it away.”
“Do you know who gifted Victor the bottle?”
“Esther and Cyrene brought it for my father’s birthday. They didn’t say who gave it to them, but I assumed the gift was from Ulric. He was one of the few Venti who appreciated my father’s collection.” Sandra stopped walking and turned back to address Nyx. “That happened so long ago. Why are you asking about it?” 
“There was a toxin in the bottle that killed Aegis,” Nyx explained. “It smelled exactly like the substance that poisoned Septimus.”
Sandra looked shocked. “I had no idea Aegis was dead. When did it happen?”
“Three days ago. I’m trying to find the party responsible, but it appears that Victor was the intended target.”
Sandra took a moment to contemplate the distressing information. “I can see Ulric trying to kill Victor but not Septimus. Still, why would anyone try to kill a Venti with poison?” 
“Not sure, but I need to find who is responsible,” Nyx declared. “But poison does not seem like Ulric’s M.O.”
“Then you should start with Ulric’s daughters,” Sandra suggested. 
“That’s what I plan to do,” Nyx said as she turned to walk towards the entrance but stopped to look back at Sandra. “Thanks, I appreciate the help,” she said to the older woman. Nyx was about to continue walking when Sandra stopped her. 
“Before you go, I must ask a favour in return,” said Sandra. “Can you ask Lucinda to call me? We will be travelling to New York soon. I haven’t met my granddaughters yet, and I would like to see them.”
“I will pass on the message,” Nyx assured Sandra before making her way towards the entrance. 
Nyx did not meet any resistance from the gatekeeper trying to exit the castle. It was nighttime when she stepped out into the German countryside. She checked her phone only to discover that it was almost midnight. 
Nyx knew her next step was to talk to Esther and Cyrene, but she had no idea where to find the sisters. It had been decades since she had spoken to any of Ulric’s daughters. However, given the tragedy that recently occurred, it was highly likely that some, if not all, the daughters were visiting Ultima in consolation over Exodus' death. Even if Esther and Cyrene were not with Ultima, there was a good chance Ulric’s twin would know something. 
Nyx used her phone to text her counterpart in New York to inform him of her next move. Putting her phone away, she let out a sigh, then spread her wings and took off into the night’s sky. It would take a minimum of four days to reach South Korea, and she was already exhausted. She had a feeling that this was only the beginning of her journey to find those responsible for Aegis’ death, and she was already yearning for her comfy bed back home. Although part of her wanted to abandon the search, Nyx knew there was more to this mystery than meets the eye, and she was determined to get to the bottom of it.  



VIII



August 11th, 2017


Rishiri Island, Japan

Off the coast of Hokkaido, Japan rested a small island formed by the extinct volcanic peak of Mount Rishiri. It was a warm breezy night as Brook, Finn, and Adley reached the outskirts of Oniwaki. 
Adley pulled out her phone to check her GPS before turning to her companions. “Their village should be three miles north-northeast of Otatomari Swamp.”
“This place is beautiful,” Brook exclaimed, able to see the distant mountain in the darkness. 
After taking a quick break, the trio left to finish the last leg of their journey. It did not take long to locate the small kin community nestled near the base of the mountain. It was a modest village with a few dozen homes and basic amenities such as a small water tower in the town’s center. 
As soon as Adley, Brook, and Finn landed, two armed male Undines with midnight blue hair greeted them. The two men held up their swords and starting addressing them in Japanese. 
Adley held up her hands to show they were unarmed. “Konbanwa,” she greeted. “We are friends of Yuki.”
The men stopped and lowered their weapons slightly. 
“Yuki?” asked one male. 
The two Undines turned to each other and conversed in Japanese before one man ran into one of the lodges. Seconds later, Yuki and another woman exited the residence with the man. The other woman looked like Yuki, but she was much older with bi-coloured hair tied back in a black and ocean blue bun.
“Adley, it’s so good to see you,” Yuki greeted before introducing the other woman. “This is my mother, Arroyo.”
“Nice to meet you,” Adley replied. “These are my friends Brook and Finn.”
“Brook?” Arroyo questioned, taking a step closer to get a better look. “Is your father Lazarus?”
Brook appeared a little taken aback by the question. “Yes,” she replied hesitantly before realizing who the woman was, shocked. “Aunt Arroyo? What happened? I thought you were dead!”
“Come, we have a lot to talk about,” Arroyo said as the group followed her into one of the lodges. 
As soon as they took a seat inside, Brook turned to Arroyo with an excited expression. “Marko and Axel are going to be so happy to know that you are alive,” she exclaimed.
“Who?” Arroyo questioned. 
“Sorry, I mean Marcus and Alexander,” Brook corrected.
“I’m so grateful to hear that they are both safe,” Arroyo said, smiling. “Not a day goes by when I don’t think about them.” 
“But we thought you were dead. How did you end up here?” Brook questioned. 
Arroyo's expression turned grim. “It’s a long and painful story. After Axelander and I escaped the village with my brother and few other Undines….” Arroyo paused as she fought back the tears that were forming in her eyes. It was apparent that this was difficult for her. “I became separated from the group and found my way here. I’ve been living here ever since.”
“You left the village with my father?” Brook asked in disbelief. “I thought he died that night.”
“Who from my clan survived?” Finn asked eagerly. 
“You’re Jet and Meredith’s son, aren’t you?” Arroyo replied. “They said you were with the group that left for Beaumont. Both your parents survived along with your sister.” 
“How about my mom? Did she escape?” Brook wondered hopefully.
“I’m sorry,” Arroyo said regrettably. “So many of our loved ones perished in that massacre. The memories of that night still hunt me to this day.” 
“But why didn’t you meet us in Beaumont?” Brook asked. “We waited for three days. Tara even went back to the village to check for survivors.”
“I don’t know why they didn’t go straight to Beaumont,” Arroyo replied. “They kept saying you were all safer there until we could find a permanent home or someone willing to take us in. Deep down, I knew they were lying, but I stayed with my brother because I was too afraid to travel by myself and a young child.” Tears were starting to form in the woman’s eyes as she spoke. 
Brook was also visibly upset by this news. “Why would they not come for us? We’re their children! My father would never leave my brother and me. What happened to him?”
Tears were now running down Arroyo’s face. She turned away from Brook, unable to look her niece in the eye. “The last time I saw my brother, he was travelling east to meet up with… a clan of Venti.” Arroyo paused. It was apparent she was not telling the whole story. “I don’t know what he was thinking.”
“So you both abandoned your children to start new lives,” Brook asked angrily. “How could you do such a thing?”
As Arroyo sobbed, Yuki leaned over to comfort her mother. “Please stop this,” she asked Brook. “You’re upsetting her.”
“I would never abandon my boys!” Arroyo said between sobs. “You have to understand that I had no choice. It broke my heart, knowing that I was leaving Marcus behind, but you have to believe me.”
 “So, what happened?” Brook asked, looking at Arroyo skeptically. 
Arroyo paused for a moment to calm herself before continuing. “We were travelling east when I became ill in Shanghai. I was too sick to continue with them, so they left me at the sanctuary and took Alexander, fearing that I wasn’t going to pull through. Mr brother said he would be back for me once he found a new home, but he never returned.” Arroyo stopped to calm herself before continuing. “I was told they headed towards Korea, but when I couldn’t locate them, I remembered Meredith mentioning that her father came from Rishiri Island in northern Japan. I came here hoping they would visit someday, but they never came, so I eventually settled down here. To this day, I don’t know what became of them.” 
“We met Diana and Alexander in New York,” Brook explained. “They were travelling with Darya’s daughters.”  
“What happened to Darya and the others?” asked Arroyo. 
“Diana said my sister died after Moselle and Dalie were born,” Finn replied. “She never mentioned my parents or Brook’s father, but she said many of them were met with foul play while living with a clan of Venti.”
“That’s awful,” Arroyo said, looking upset by the news. “Where are my sons and Diana now?” 
“We parted in Egypt,” Adley explained. “Our Ifrit friends had their journal stolen, and we think the thieves are coming here for the key. We came to warn you.”
“We were also hoping we could use the key to translate these,” Brook added as she pulled out a handful of papers. “Arinitti gave us copies of pages from her father’s book.”
“That’s from the ancient text belonging to Adam’s clan?” Arroyo questioned, looking surprised. “I assumed the village fire destroyed it.”
“No, Tara recovered them,” Brook replied. “All of the clan’s journals survived.”
Arroyo smiled at the good news. “My husband’s clan are the guardians of the key. He will know how to translate it,” she explained before turning to her daughter. “Go fetch your father.”
Yuki nodded and exited the home. Minutes later, Yuki and her brother Kori entered the room, followed by their father. 
Arroyo stood up as her husband approached. “Brook, Finn, Adley, this is my husband, Mamoru,” she introduced. 
Mamoru was a tall man with a light brown complexion, dark blue eyes, and midnight blue hair tied up tightly onto the top of his head. He was wearing a black and blue altered kimono, kami, and pants. 
“Yuki has told me everything,” Mamoru said as he sat down with the group. “What do you know of the kin coming for the key?”
“Our friends witnessed an Undine take the journal from al-Azhar,” explained Adley. “The journal contains the location of some ancient kin, and only the key can decipher it.”
Mamoru did not look pleased to hear this. “I can’t believe the Ifrits would be so reckless. They should have never revealed the location of the Ancients, even if they used the key to secrete it.”
“Why?” Adley asked. “What will happen if they find the Ancients?”
“The Ancients wield untold powers,” Kori explained. “Life as we know it can cease to exist if it falls into the wrong hands.”
“I feard someone was after the Veda Maiorum when they took our key, but this news is even more disturbing,” Mamoru said. 
“What is the Veda Maiorum?” Adley asked. 
“It’s an ancient kin text containing many secrets,” Arroyo explained. “And you said you brought pages from it?”. 
“Really?” Mamoru asked, intrigued. 
“Only coloured copies,” Brook corrected as she handed the pages to Mamoru. 
Mamoru studied the pages and turned to the others. “Did you bring a pendant with you?”
“No, why do you need a pendant?” Brook asked. 
“The Veda Maiorum contains all the knowledge our forebearers wanted us to have when we journeyed to this earth, but similar to the humans on this planet, our homeworld contained distinct societies and unique cultures,” Mamoru explained. “Many of the pages in the book contain knowledge available to all kin and can be translated using only the key. But there are select chapters authored by each group that requires both the key and a pendent to translate.”
 “So, each group had secrets that they wanted to hide from the other groups?” asked Brook. 
“Essentially, yes,” Mamoru replied. 
“Do you think our friend’s journal needs a pendent to translate it, too?” asked Adley. 
Mamoru shook his head no. “The Ifrits are a talented bunch, but I don’t think they mastered the cryptograph. It’s more likely that they discovered how to conceal text using only the key. We can’t allow anyone to use the key to find the Ancients.” 
“We think Ra-Shin is after the same thing,” Brook explained. “They raided a Sanctuary in Alexandria and took an Aurora pendant.”
“Or maybe they are after the Veda Maiorum,” Adley suggested. “Ra-Shin didn’t go after the journal. They seemed more interested in fighting the Undines.”
“Even if they are only after the Veda Maiorum, they will still need the key to decipher the text,” Mamoru explained.  
Yuki turned to Mamoru looking distressed. “If this is true, our village could be attacked at any moment. What should we do?”
“It’s our clan’s responsibility to ensure that the key does not fall into the wrong hands,” said Mamoru. “The key is no longer safe here. We need to get it as far away as possible.” 
“Where do we go?” Yuki asked her father.
“Mamoru paused and turned to Brook. “Where is the Veda Maiorum? Is it somewhere safe?”
“It’s in New York with the rest of our family,” Brook replied. 
“We cannot allow the book and key to fall into the same hands,” Mamoru explained. 
“I doubt anyone knows where it is,” Arroyo said to her husband. “They left for North America over two hundred years ago.”
“Unless they revealed the location to someone,” Kori chimed in. 
“No, Freya keeps it safe,” Finn corrected. “Adley is the only person outside our family who has seen the book and knows its location.”
“Good, you must keep it that way,” Mamoru said to Finn before turning to his children. “I need you to take the key and leave the village. We can’t let this clan of Undines find the Ancients.”
“Why don’t you come with us?” Adley suggested. “We are going west to meet our friends.”
“Diana, Alexander, and Marcus are waiting for us there,” Brook added. 
“You can finally meet your brothers,” Arroyo said to Yuki and Kori. 
“When should we leave?” Adley asked, feeling exhausted.
“You should depart the village tonight,” Mamoru said before turning to his offspring. “We can’t risk the key remaining here any longer with an enemy closing in. You must stay one step ahead at all times.”
Yuki and Kori nodded in agreement before exiting the home to retrieve their supplies and the key. 
As everyone waited for the siblings to return, Brook took the time to check her phone for an update from Marko. After reading a string of texts, Brook turned to Adley to update her on their friends’ progress. “They’re in Sudan with Zaeris. They’re following a small team of Ra-Shin soldiers south after receiving a tip from Zachariah.”
“If you are following Ra-Shin, you must be careful,” Mamoru warned. “The organization is run by powerful kin.”
“We know about their connection to the Council,” Adley explained. 
“Then you know better than to challenge them head-on,” Mamoru replied. “As keepers, my children are responsible for the key’s protection, but I will not allow you to put them in harm's way.”
“We understand,” said Brook. 
“We have no intention of challenging anyone,” Adley clarified. “This is strictly a fact-finding mission.”
“Good idea. You should keep a low profile,” Mamoru agreed. 
A few more minutes passed before Kori and Yuki returned with their belongings. 
“Should we leave?” Yuki asked. 
As the others stood up, Brook yawned and stretched her arms. “I’m exhausted,” she informed her comrades. “I don’t know how much farther I can travel.”
“Don’t worry, we know of a Sanctuary in Sapporo where we can stay and rest for the night,” Yuki explained. 
“That sounds wonderful, thank you,” Brook replied. 
With everyone ready, the group made their way to the entrance. Mamoru and Arroyo said goodbye to their children before Arroyo turned to Brook. 
“Be safe,” Arroyo said as she gave her niece a big hug. “Please tell Marcus and Alexander I love them and pray every day that we will meet again.”
“I will,” Brook said as she released her aunt. 
After saying goodbye, the five of them departed for their trip south to the nearest Sanctuary. 





IX

 

August 13th, 2017


Busan, South Korea

It was late evening by the time Nyx reached Ultima’s mansion. Nyx was acquainted with the property as she often stayed there when visiting on business. This location was nowhere near as nostalgic as Ipsen Castle, and unlike the Lunette residence, the inhabitants greeted Nyx with open arms. 
Ultima’s son Galvez answered the door and smiled upon spotting Nyx. Galvez was a tall man that towered over Nyx, and his broad shoulders encompassed most of the large doorframe.  Like all of Ultima and Ulric’s children, Galvez had silver hair with jet black streaks along the hairline like his mother. His thick hair was short and slicked back, and his skin was slightly lighter than the others in his immediate family. 
Galvez was a few centuries older than Nyx but managed to maintain a surprisingly youthful appearance, a trait he was lucky enough to have inherited from his mother compared to his much older-looking twin brother. 
Galvez stepped aside to allow Nyx entry.
Nyx smiled as she looked up at the handsome specimen before her. “Hello, Gal. You are looking good,” she complimented upon entering.  
Galvez smiled. “And you are as radiant as always.”
“Is Greydon visiting as well?” Nyx inquired. 
“He was, but he left for Dubai yesterday,” explained Galvez. 
“It must be a busy time for Ra-Shin,” Nyx said knowingly. “I’m sure the CEO has his hands full.” Nyx was not fond of Greydon, so she was a little relieved to hear that he had already left. “You’re not joining him?” 
“No,” Galvez replied. “I have to get back to my spouse. I wish I could be of more assistance after everything that’s happened, but we’re expecting the birth of our first grandchild, and I promised my daughter that I would be there.”
Nyx smiled at the news. “Congratulations.”
“Thank you,”  Galvez replied, returning the smile. “I should let my mother know you are here,” he said before leaving to fetch Ultima. 
As Nyx stood alone waiting, she could hear faint voices echoing from all corners of the house. The usually quiet home was bustling with family members visiting the matriarch on account of the recent death. Although Nyx could not see any of them, she could hear voices coming from the upper floor of the massive abode. 
Once Ultima was informed of Nyx’s unexpected arrival, she attended the foyer in her nightgown. 
 “Nyx, what a pleasant surprise,” Ultima greeted before escorting the visitor towards the sitting room. 
As they made their way through the home, Ultima kept a lookout to ensure they were not drawing any attention from the other visitors. 
“I want to thank you again for your assistance locating Moselle and Dalie,” Ultima said while taking a seat. “I cannot explain how much joy your call bestowed upon our family. I’ve never seen Darya so happy.”
“I’m glad my hunch was right, and I reached out to you,” Nyx replied. 
“So, what brings you to the Orient?” Ultima asked her friend, changing the subject.
“I’m trying to find the party responsible for Aegis’ poisoning,” Nyx explained. 
“I heard about poor Aegis’ untimely passing,” Ultima replied with a troubled expression. “It is sad to see such a good man pass so unexpectantly.”
“The poison was in an old bottle of whisky. Sandra said that the bottle Victor had Jacob give to Aegis was initially a gift brought to Victor by Esther and Cyrene. I’m assuming it originated from Ulric.”
Ultima paused to consider the information before responding. “My brother had given Victor many bottles of liquor over the centuries, but we both know he’s not the type to poison an ally. He adored Victor up until a few weeks ago.” 
“I was there when Aegis died,” Nyx explained. “The tainted drink smelled exactly like the poison Septimus consumed.”
“It could have been one of the twins’ concoctions,” Ultima explained. “Gabriel suspects a connection between Septimus’ and Exodus’ poisonings, but it is purely speculation at this point. But please don’t mention any of this to my nieces until it’s verified. They are already at each other's throats over Ex’s death.”
“Why would Kujo and Kurai create such an elixir?” wondered Nyx. 
“You know alchemy has always been a passion of theirs, and it doesn’t help when their talents are encouraged by outsiders clamouring for their products,” Ultima replied. 
“What a virtuous aspiration,” Nyx commented sarcastically. 
 “It’s been a nightmare,” Ultima sighed. “Everyone has their suspicions on who did it and why. If Aegis’ death is now connected, it only adds another troubling layer to this mystery.” 
“Who would want to sabotage Septimus, Exodus, and Victor,” wondered Nyx. “Unless Ulric was the intended recipient, and he regifted it to Victor.”
“Poor taste to regift something, but it is possible,” Ultima agreed. “My brother did not have the love for spirits that Victor had. I don’t know how he could be bothered drinking the foul-tasting stuff.”
“You don’t know what you’re missing,” Nyx remarked with a grin. “I do not envy the Venti. Some substances make life worth living.”
“If my brother were the intended target, that would make more sense,” Ultima explained. “The consensus is that the Lunette clan is behind it.”
“So I heard.”
Ultima scowled. “After everything we did for Victor and his clan, they stabbed us in the back,” she exclaimed heatedly. “He always blamed us for Godric and Jacob’s deaths when we had nothing to do with them. We’ve all felt the heartbreak of loved ones depart unexpectedly, but that’s no reason for Victor to blame our clan for his misery.”
“What happened to Jacob?” Nyx asked. “I was never told how he died.”
“We’re not sure exactly,” Ultima replied. “They never found a body, but he is presumed dead. The prime suspect is Diana. We even stipulated that she be apprehended alive for questioning. Jacob was a member of the upper chamber, so her punishment will be death if found guilty. But Victor rather blame us than find the party responsible.”
“You should know that Victor has something planned,” Nyx warned. “He’s not done seeking vengeance on Ulric and the Council.”
Ultima did not appear worried by this news. “That is disturbing but not surprising. We suspected he might pull something, so we’re keeping a close eye on him.” An evil smile crossed the older woman’s face when she added, “We even retrieved the Undine pendent right from under his nose, and he still has no idea.”
“I was told he’s targeting the reunion,” Nyx explained. “Do you think Ulric will consider cancelling it?” 
“Maybe,” Ultima replied. “We’ve tentatively scheduled the gathering for next weekend, but he was going to cancel if their assignment doesn’t make any progress.”
“What’s stalling you?” Nyx asked curiously. 
Ultima smiled. “Just a minor delay. A small group of kin travelling with Diana and some human reporter were giving us trouble in the Middle East, but we have Gabriel’s clan looking after it.”
Nyx’s demeanour shifted as the smile vanished from her face. “They’re not American, are they?” 
“Yes,” Ultima said with a grin upon realizing that Nyx was in the dark on something. “Gillies confirmed they’re the same clan you had run interference on him in New York. I must say I was surprised when he told me. I was disappointed to hear that you were working with Diana.”
Nyx laughed at the insinuation. “You know I don’t work with anyone else, let alone an Undine like her. If I had known about her crimes and the bounty, I assure you I would have collected on it,” Nyx said with a stern expression. “I recently reconnected with my nieces. That’s the clan that gave Gillies trouble. I’m not sure how Diana got roped in with them.”
Ultima looked at her friend skeptically. “So, what does this clan want with Ra-Shin and the Council?”
Nyx rolled her eyes in frustration. “It’s a long story,” she sighed. “The infants Davi abducted belonged to one of my nieces. They were unaware until David’s girl ran off a few months ago. They must have found out that he was helping the Council before he died and are following the leads. I’m sure with some encouragement from Diana.”
“Sounds like something out of a daytime soap opera,” Ultima remarked.
“Yes, I was raising one of my grandnieces all along and had no idea,” Nyx replied. “But I always had a nagging feeling she was related somehow.”
“Is that why you killed David?” asked Ultima. 
“No,” Nyx replied flatly. “We decided that David was not a good fit for our organization. Plus, he breached his contract, so I had to make an example of him.”
“Well, it couldn’t happen at a more inopportune time,” Ultima explained. 
Nyx scowled. “I tracked down his notes. What more could you want with him?”
“His talents were indispensable,” Ultima explained. “The PSR scanner, extraction chamber, vita-serum, and I heard he invented a mind-control drug? His inventions were the envy of our enemies and assets to our allies.”
“They are mind control nanobots, no drug, and the credit of their creation goes to Doctor Joy,” Nyx corrected. “Doctor Rai also assisted with the design of the extraction chamber and PSR scanner. The only invention David could take full credit for is the vita-serum. I assure you, there are far more competent scientists working at Omicron.”
“Regardless, the Council was using access to his inventions as bargaining chips,” Ultima explained. “You would know that if you attended any of the meetings.”
Nyx crossed her arms defensively. “Oh, I’m sorry, I don’t have time for all your meetings and reunions. I’m too busy making sure that our objectives come to fruition,” she sarcastically remarked. “And if the Council or their allies desire one of David’s inventions, they can purchase them from Omicron. We own all the designs and patents.”
Ultima sat up defensively, realizing she hit a nerve. “Now, now, no need to get touchy,” she said, trying to calm her guest. “I’m only trying to warn you of the Council’s feeling on the matter. I trust your judgement, but if you are going to see my brother, you might encounter others who are going to question your decisions.”
“I’m not too worried,” Nyx said confidently. “The Council won’t care when they learn that they won’t lose access to their precious drugs and toys.”
Ultima took a second to consider Nyx’s comment before nodding. “That sounds about right.”
“So, where is your brother?”
“He’s in the Middle East waiting for Diana and the Americans to locate the Ancients. Once they make contact, he will send in the reinforcements. Malachi is leaving tomorrow for Dubai if you want to go with him.”
“Maybe, I have a few matters I need to discuss with Ulric,” Nyx replied. “But, I should speak to Esther and Cyrene before I leave.”
“Only Esther is here at the moment,” Ultima explained. “It’s late. You can talk to her in the morning. I’ll show you to your room.” 
Nyx grinned at the thought of a comfortable bed. She was exhausted from her travels and wanted nothing more than a good night’s sleep. 
With the two women ready to turn in for the night, they stood up and exited the room towards the stairs.  


X



August 14th, 2017


Busan, South Korea
It was mid-morning by the time Nyx awoke. She glanced around the guest bedroom, slightly groggy. She laid in bed for a minute, deciding if she should go back to sleep or push through the exhaustion and get up. She ultimately chose the latter once she heard voices coming from the floor below. 
After dressing and washing up, Nyx made her way downstairs towards the conversation that had been echoing throughout the home. The noise was coming from the dining room, and Nyx could make out at least two female voices doing most of the talking. 
Nyx entered the room to find Adonia and Esther sitting next to each other at the table, talking while eating their breakfast. Esther had some similar futures as Adonia but was slightly shorter, and her hair was a little lighter in colour than her older sister. 
Upon spotting Nyx, the two women stopped talking and smiled faintly.
“What a pleasant surprise,” Adonia said to the newcomer. 
Nyx looked at the grieving family sympathetically. “I’m so sorry for your loss,” she said before sitting down next to the two women. “Adonia, if there is anything you need. Do not hesitate to ask.”
“Thanks,” Adonia replied, looking as if she was on the verge of tears. 
“So, what brings you here?” Esther asked Nyx in an apparent attempt at changing the subject. “Is this visit for business or pleasure?”
“A bit of both,” Nyx replied. “It started as a trip to visit some old friends, but when Aegis died, it morphed into an inquiry.”
Adonia looked shocked by the news.“I had no idea.”
“How did he die?” Esther asked. 
“Poison,” Nyx replied, looking at Esther specifically. “I learned that the tainted liquor originated as a birthday gift to Victor provided by you and Cyrene. Do you know anything about it?” she questioned Esther. 
Adonia turned to her little sister, outraged. “I hope you had nothing to do with Aegis’ death!” 
Esther appeared equally disturbed by the news. “I had nothing to do with that gift,” she replied defensively. “I was only going to visit Lucis, then Cyrene asked to come along to bring by a gift for Victor’s birthday.”
Adonia looked skeptically at her sister. “Cyrene brings a bottle full of poison as a gift for Victor, and you know nothing about it. I find that hard to believe.”
“I swear, I had no idea!” Esther exclaimed. “You can’t assume my childrens’ involvement every time poison is involved. Many lethal substances can kill a Gaia like Aegis. Did you collect any samples for comparison?” she asked Nyx. 
“No, the bottle broke,” Nyx replied. “But the drink smelled exactly like the substance that poisoned Septimus.”
Adonia slammed her fist on the table in anger. “I’m sure of Cyrene’s involvement in all this! Her madness knows no bounds. She will not stop until she destroys me and everyone else in her way.”
Esther’s expression softened as she reached out to hold her older sister’s hand in comfort. “Adonia, I know you’re angry, but you need to be patient. We don’t have any proof of Cyrene’s involvement in this.”
Adonia frowned and pulled her hand away. “I don’t need proof! Cyrene’s track record speaks for itself! If she’s crazy enough to risk harming herself and her children, why would she care about anyone else?”
“What are you referring to?” Nyx asked curiously. 
“You don’t know? Cyrene has always been obsessed with competing with me,” Adonia explained. “She became pregnant at the same time as me and was so obsessed with her children being born first she even risked their lives to induce labour!”
“She consumed a large number of castor beans,” Esther added. “Being Venti, she was unharmed by the ricin and the other concoctions she ingested, but I wouldn’t be surprised if it contributed to Kafka’s skin condition.”
“Then, when all of her crazy attempts failed, she took a knife to herself and almost killed them all in the process!” Adonia exclaimed. 
“That’s how poor Slater’s received the facial scar,” Esther said while shaking her head in disappointment. 
Nyx nodded her head. “Yes, I remember hearing that Slater received his scar as a newborn, but I never knew how.” 
“Do you see now what she’s capable of?” Adonia asked Nyx. “She will stop at nothing to compete with me!”
“But what would be her motive for hurting Victor?” Esther asked. “I remember her saying that she was delivering the gift for our father. She might not have anything to do with it.”
“That’s why I need to speak with Ulric as soon as possible,” Nyx explained to the sisters. 
“Malachi should be leaving for the Middle East in a few hours if you want to join him,” Adonia explained. 
“I might,” Nyx replied. “Where are Malachi and Ultima anyway?”
“They went to a nearby Sanctuary,” Esther said. “There was something you and Ultima discussed last night that got her riled up.”
“I didn’t know there was a Sanctuary in this city,” said Nyx.
“It’s just a small clan of allied Undines,” Adonia explained. “Our grandniece is staying with them while she’s visiting.”
Nyx was even more surprised by this information, but before she could reply, Ultima entered the room. 
Ultima looked relieved to see Nyx. “Oh, good, you’re still here,” she said while approaching. “I received intelligence that some of Victor’s Undine allies are in town. They’re following the American journalist and two other kin.”
Nyx looked at Ultima, perplexed. “What are they doing this far east?”
“They’re after the key,” Ultima explained. “Kurai’s assignment was to follow them, but it appears they are heading west to meet up with their friends. She’s going with you to Dubai.”
“Do you think that’s wise?” Adonia asked hesitantly. 
“Don’t worry, sister,” Esther reassured. “My daughter’s only trying to help. They’re both devastated by Ex’s death.”
Ultima turned to Adonia. “If you want to find out who murdered Ex, you’re going have to trust Malachi. He is capable of taking care of himself,” she replied to her niece before turning to Nyx. “But it is a long flight, so it might be a good idea to try to keep them separated.”
Nyx nodded in affirmation. “We should probably get going soon,” she explained. “Where’s Malachi?” 
“He’s upstairs preparing,” Ultima advised. “I’ve arranged a car to take you to the airport.”
With a plan in place, Nyx stood up, ready to go. “Ultima, it was nice seeing you, as always. Thank you for the hospitality,” she added before turning to the sisters. “And it was nice seeing you, ladies.”
Adonia and Esther stood up to embrace Nyx. 
“Good luck in your search for the truth,” Adonia said as she released the woman. 
“Thanks, same to you,” Nyx said to the grieving mother before departing to retrieve Malachi. 

ΟΟΟΟΟΟΟ

Silence lingered as Nyx and Malachi sat across from each other on their way to the airport. It had been a few years since Nyx last spoke with him, and she could not help but noticed how tired and dishevelled he appeared. He wore a pair of wrinkly casual pants and a black sleeveless shirt that Nyx recognized as one of Styx’s fashion lines. She always considered Malachi a little on the vain side with his high-end clothes, so his current attire was much different from the spotless outfits he usually wears.  Not that she could blame Malachi for his behavioural change, Nyx knew all too well the heartbreak and torment of losing one's twin. 
Finally, breaking the silence, Malachi turned to Nyx with a stern expression. “I heard you are trying to track down Aegis’ murderer.”
Nyx nodded. “Yes, but I don’t think Aegis was the intended target.”
“Who was the target?” Malachi asked curiously. 
“Not sure yet. But it looks like the same party could be responsible for your brother’s death and Septimus’ poisoning.”
Surprised, Malachi took a second to contemplate the news and said, “It has to be the Lunette clan.”
“I don’t think so,” Nyx disagreed. “Given the timing of all three incidents, I believe it is someone closer to your clan. Maybe even an immediate family member.”
Malachi crossed his arms. “I could think of a few suspects, but we’re not known to turn on each other. Mother and Cyrene is the biggest feud in our clan’s history.”
“From what I hear, I wouldn’t rule that out as a motive,” Nyx remarked.
By now, they had reached the airport hanger with a private jet parked nearby. Nyx and Malachi exited the vehicle exposing their wings as soon as they entered the bright sunlight. The two approached the steps leading into the aircraft. 
As soon as he entered, Malachi stopped in his track upon seeing Kurai sitting alone inside. 
“You got to be kidding me,” Malachi said with an eye roll.
“Nice to see you too, cousin,” Kurai greeted as she leaned back in her seat. 
Malachi took a seat on one end of the small plan while Nyx sat on the same side across from Kurai. 
“Aren’t you supposed to be following someone or something?” Malachi questioned his cousin. 
“My mission was to follow a small group heading for Japan,” Kurai explained as she reached into her side pocket and pulled out a flask. “Since I know where they’re going, I figured I would head them off at the pass.” 
Kurai took a swig of her drink and used her shirt to wipe the top before holding it out towards Nyx, grinning. “Want some?” 
Nyx stared at the woman stone-faced. “Funny,” she replied flatly at the attempt at humour.  Nyx knew full well that sharing a drink with Kurai could result in instant death, plus she doubted it even contained alcohol.  Deciding to make herself a real drink, Nyx stood up and proceeded to the back of the aircraft.
Kurai turned to Malachi. “C’mon, cuz,” she said, offering the beverage. “It’s good.”
Malachi glared at the female. Not wanting to show weakness, he reached forward and snatched the flask from her hand. Malachi took a moment to study Kurai’s before slowly taking a sip of the beverage. A look of disgust crossed his face before he screwed the cap back on the flask and tossed it back to her. “What was that?” 
“Kombucha,” Kurai replied with a grin as she placed the container back in her pants pocket. “I always pick some up when I’m in town.”
By now, Nyx had made an alcoholic beverage for herself. She sat in her seat just as the plane reached the runway for departure. Nyx grinned evilly upon seeing that Malachi had accepted Kurai’s offer. “How are you feeling, Malachi? Did the kombucha taste a little off?”
Having no appreciation for Nyx’s humour, Malachi did not return the smile. “I may not trust her, but even I know she’s not foolish enough to poison me in front of you.”
“Why don’t you trust me?” Kurai asked, insulted. 
“After everything that’s happened! Why should I?” Malachi snapped in frustration. 
“I would never betray my family,” Kurai said with a smirk. “You guys are way too much fun.”
“Lies! You were either a key player or, at the very least, a major contributor to my brother’s demise,” Malachi exclaimed. 
“I had no involvement in his death. I’m innocent in all this,” Kurai retorted. 
“You created the poison that killed him!” 
“Allegedly,” Kurai corrected. “And even if it was true, you can’t fault us for making the poison. Like all great minds, we are using our gifts to push boundaries and make discoveries. If we don’t do it, our enemies will.”
“Then it should be your responsibility to make sure it doesn’t fall into our enemies' hands!” Malachi’s voice grew as he was becoming visibly angry. “How could you be so reckless!”
“I assure you that it did not fall into the enemy’s hands,” Kurai explained, choosing her words wisely. “We safeguard all our experiments. No samples left that lab without our knowledge.”
“Are you saying that an ally poisoned my brother?” Malachi asked. 
“Allegedly poisoned,” Kurai corrected. “But if it were one of our products, the culprit is likely someone closer to us. We would never entrust something so dangerous to any outsider.”
“So, you are saying you handed over a poison to a relative?” Malachi questioned, more disturbed by this news.
“Maybe, but not recently,” Kurai clarified with a shrug. “There was a point a long time ago when handed off a sample for testing. We needed to see if our formula was effective on a Venti, so a relative offered to test it for us. They were the only kin beside Kujo and me to have some in their possession.”
“Who was it?” Malachi demanded eagerly. “Was it a cousin? It was Kafka, wasn’t it?”
Kurai laughed. “Please,” she scoffed. “Like we would entrust something so deadly to someone like Kafka. Do you think I would go through all this trouble protecting his identity? If it was one of our toxins, you need to look for someone more senior.” 
“Was it Cyrene?” Malachi demanded. “If you know the name of the person who poisoned my brother, you must tell me!”
“It wasn’t Cyrene,” Kurai replied. “And I’ve told you all I can. You’re putting me in a tough spot, cuz. It was a very long time ago. If I tell you who without any evidence of their culpability, I will lose all credibility with my sponsor.”
“Traitor!” Malachi yelled in frustration. “My brother was killed! How could you do this to our family? How can you not tell us what you know!”
Despite Malachi’s rising voice and anger, Kurai remained calm and composed as she argued with her cousin. Having no desire to insert herself into the family dispute, Nyx sat sipping her drink while observing the drama. 
Kurai sighed at her cousin’s stubbornness. “I know you’re upset, but don’t say or do anything you might regret later. I’m only telling you this because you’re one of my favourite cousins.”
Malachi’s scowl deepened as he reached for his handgun and pointed at his cousin. “I want to know what happened, and only you and Kujo have the answers. If you don’t divulge them willingly, I’ll have no choice but to force them out of you or kill you trying.” 
Finally, Nyx felt the need to interject into the dispute. “As much as I hate to interrupt this in-flight entertainment, I should probably remind you that we are inside a pressurized cabin at thirty-eight thousand feet. You might want to switch your weapons to something less destructive.”
Kurai grinned evilly and pulled out the large knife strapped to her belt. “I’m game if you are,” she said to her cousin. 
Malachi lowered his gun. “So, you would rather fight than tell the truth.”
Kurai lowered her weapon. “I’ve been telling you the truth,” she explained. “I don’t know who killed your brother or how, but believe me when I tell you that no one from outside our family had access to our work.”
“I don’t believe you,” Malachi remarked, finally back to his calm self. 
“May I interject into this little feud?” Nyx asked the arguing cousins before turning to the female. “Kurai, it’s obvious that you know more about this incident than you care to admit,” Nyx explained. “Malachi views your willful omission of specific details as clan disloyalty. So, if you’re unable to tell us who might have done it, can you at least provide details about the toxin you created?”
Kurai crossed her arms defensively. “I don’t see how that would be of any help in catching the culprit.” 
“It might,” Nyx corrected. “I’m curious how someone poisoned Ex in the first place. At the very least, Malachi might be less upset if you were a little more open with him.”
Kurai rolled her eyes at Nyx’s accurate but inconvenient observation. “What do you want to know?” 
“How does this concoction of yours can take down someone with Venti immunities,” Nyx asked. 
“We call the concoction Venticide,” Kurai said with a smile. “Venti have mutations in our DNA that guard against most infected ailments. Given the diversity of our abilities, I assume it’s a defence mechanism to ensure survival, like how snakes are immune to their species' venom. As you know, my brother secretes a toxin that temporarily paralyzes the victim and triggers a weakening immune response. For some reason, even most Venta lacks immunity to his toxin, so we used it as the foundation for a formula that utilizes my cytotoxin to target and destroy the vita-plasm receptor in Venti cells.” 
“How long does it take for the Venticide to take effect?” Nyx asked.
“Because it contains my cytotoxin, the effects should be almost instantaneous for non-Venti,” Kurai replied smugly. “It will go to work as soon as it is absorbed.”
“How about for someone like Exodus?” Nyx questioned.
 “Much longer,” Kurai answered while retrieving her container of kombucha. “Anyone with Venti immunities is more resilient. You have to wait for the cellular damage to occur, but it shouldn’t take long once you start observing symptoms.”
“How long would that take?” Nyx asked. 
Kurai stopped to think about it before replying. “Twenty to thirty hours give or take, but several individual factors could affect the outcome. For example, the effects would be much quicker in a Venti with an autoimmune disorder.”
Nyx glanced at Malachi before tuning back to Kurai. “You’re saying Exodus likely consumed the poison twenty-four hours prior?”
“At a minimum,” Kurai replied with a nod. “It could take up to two days to knock a big boy like Ex down.”
“What informative information,” Nyx said before turning to Malachi. “Do you know what your twin was doing in the two days leading up to his death?”
Malachi shook his head. “No, he came to visit me unexpectantly before he died.”
“How disappointing,” Nyx said as she took the last sip of her beverage. With her drink finished and the cousins no longer feuding, Nyx decided to take a little break. “I don’t know about you two, but I’m going to take a nap,” she explained as she stood up to head to the rear of the plane, where there were two rows of reclining chairs. 
As Nyx slept peacefully, the cousins sat watching their phones for the remainder of the trip, eager to reach their destination. 

ΟΟΟΟΟΟΟ

It was nearing ten in the evening when Nyx awoke to the sound of the captain’s voice announcing that they were approaching Dubai.  She stretched before sitting up in her seat and looking around. Malachi and Kurai were still in their same positions and appearing a little sleepy, having awakened as well.
Nyx yawned and turned to Malachi. “I’m assuming there’ll be a car waiting for us?”
“You two going to see our grandfather?” Kurai asked.
“You’re not coming with us?” Nyx wondered.
“Don’t have time,” Kurai replied. “I’m going south to help Kujo. He doesn’t realize he’s walking into a trap.”
Malachi looked at Kurai skeptically. “Why don’t you call him?” 
“He hasn’t been turning on his phone,” Kurai replied. “I left messages, but knowing him, he probably won’t check.” 
“What kind of trap?” Nyx asked. 
“Both the Undines and Americans are heading in his direction,” Kurai explained. “They’re going to need all the help he can get,” 
“What do the American’s look like?” Nyx questioned. 
“I have pictures,” Kurai said as she pulled out her phone to access her photos before handing it to Nyx. 
Nyx scrolled through the pictures of Adley, Brook, Finn. “I know these people,” Nyx said before pointing to a picture of Finn. “This male was a specimen from our engineering department. He’s half-robot and powerful, so be careful.”
“What the hell do you do in that company of yours?” Malachi asked. “I thought Omicron made pharmaceuticals.”
“We diversified years ago,” Nyx explained. “Who do you think sells Ra-Shin all the weapons and equipment.”
By now, the plane had landed and came to a complete stop. The three exited the aircraft onto a tarmac where a limo was waiting. 
“I think I will go with Kurai,” Nyx informed Malachi as he walked towards the vehicle. 
“Didn’t you need to talk to Ulric?” Malachi asked. 
“I’ll check in with him later,” Nyx replied. “But if I don’t make it back in time, tell Ulric to cancel the Reunion, or at least be careful. Victor has something big planned.”
Malachi crossed his arms. “This sounds like an excuse to get out of the Reunion,” he said skeptically. 
“Why would I make up an excuse?” Nyx asked. “If I didn’t want to go, I wouldn’t, like most other years.”
“Fair enough,” Malachi said with a shrug as he continued towards the vehicle. “Keep us posted, Kurai,” he called to his cousin before leaving. 
With Malachi gone, Nyx turned to Kurai. “I guess we’re flying from here?” 
“Yep, I’ll probably take us another two days to reach my brother.”
“Then we should get going. If we’re heading south, we should probably fly over the war zone using the darkness as cover.” With that said, she took off towards Yemen, with Kurai following close behind. 



XI



August 17th, 2017


Kapoeta, South Sudan
It had been an exhausting five days for Marko. He and his friends made their way south after Zacharia received a tip from an Ifrit ally near the southern Egyptian border. Luckily for them, the small Ra-Shin convoy was distinguishable and easy to find. After locating their target, they spent the next three days travelling through Sudan and into South Sudan. They followed the four utility vehicles further south until they stopped in Kapoeta for the night.
Since they were camping outside the entire time, Marko’s power banks were starting to drain. He knew he had to meet up with Brook’s team soon or risk losing contact. They were making camp when Marko finally received a text from Brook indicating that they had crossed the Red Sea. It was still over a day’s travel to their location, and Marko knew his battery would not last that long, so they decided to stay put since Brook knew their current position. 
Not wanting to lose their target completely, Zacharia offered to continue following the Ra-Shin convoy, allowing some of the more weary members of their travelling party a chance to rest. Unfortunately, that was a day ago, and they still had yet to rendezvous with Brook, Adley, and Finn. 
It was two hours after midnight, and everyone was sound asleep except for Mako, who had volunteered to be the first watch. With all of his battery banks depleted and his phone dying five hours ago, Marko was uneasy, and the fact that his homesickness was starting to invade his every thought only aggravated his anxiety. Marko was so engrossed in memories of Freya and his children he failed to notice the campfire was diminishing until it was nothing but faint embers.  He reached over and threw a few pieces of wood on the fire as his eyes started to glow red, and flames erupted around the dry timber. 
Marko was just about to settle into his seat and let his mind wander when he was alerted to the voices of people approaching. It did not take long before he could make out the friendly faces of Finn, Adley, and Brook. As thrilled and relieved as he was to see his friends, he was a little surprised that they had Yuki and Kori with them. 
“You made it! It’s so good to see you,” Marko greeted his friends in a low voice as not to wake the others sleeping in nearby tents. 
Brook hugged her cousin before sitting down next to him. “Good thing you had a fire, or we would have never spotted you under all this cover.”
“How was the journey?” Marko asked eagerly. He was smiling, but his expression softened when he spotted the expression on Brook’s face. 
Brook glanced over at Yuki and Kori before turning back to Marko. “I have some news about your mother. Maybe you should wake your brother to hear it.”
“What about Diana?” Marko asked, wondering if he should wake her as well.
“No,” Brook replied quickly before pausing and providing an explanation. “No need to wake her. She can find out in the morning.”
Sensing Brook’s apprehension, Marko gave her a perplexed look. “Okay,” he replied before standing up and approaching one of the two tents. He entered the solely occupied tent and nudged Axel awake. The sleeping brother rolled over and slowly started to rouse.
Axel struggled to open his eyes at first but perked up when he spotted the group by the fire. “Hey,” Axel greeted the newcomers as he sat up and rubbed his eyes. “What’s going on?”
“They have some news about our mom,” Marko replied as he and Axel walked back towards the fire.
“She’s been living in a Sancturay on a small island in northern Japan,” Brook explained. 
“I thought she died that night,” Marko said, shocked by the news.
Unlike Marko, Axel did not appear surprised by the news. “No, only our dad died. I was there when it happened,” Axel explained to his brother. “Mom and Diana found me, and we fled the village with a group of Undines. I was too young to remember what happened, but Diana said that my mother left. I always thought she left to get you, and the two of you would be back any day but, as more time passed, I slowly realized that she was never coming back.”
“Why didn’t you tell me?” Marko asked Axel angrily. “All the times we talked, you never told me this. I even mentioned losing both our parents that night, and you never corrected me.”
“What good would it do?” Axel asked defensively. “You’d rather hear about how she abandoned us? How she never bothered to look for you? How she left me without even bothering to say goodbye!” Axel was growing increasingly agitated as he spoke. “I’ve felt nothing but anger towards her for the last two centuries. I didn’t tell you because I wanted to spare your feelings and preserve your fond memories of her.”
“I don’t think your mother left willingly,” Adley said to Axel. “She said that she became separated from the group and went looking for you. She said she travelled to a Sanctuary in northern Japan hoping to meet with up the group again, but they never came.”
“That’s a lame excuse,” Axel scoffed. “She left on her own. No one forced her to go. Diana said they even went searching for her.” Axel was visibly upset and stopped to take a moment to calm down. 
Everyone sat in uncomfortable silence until Finn finally spoke up. 
“If it makes you feel any better, you were not the only ones abandoned,” Finn explained. 
Brook turned to Marko and Axel to elaborate. “Your mom said that my dad and Finn’s parents also survived that night.”
Marko turned to his brother with his arms crossed. “Do you remember what happened to Brook’s father or Finn’s parents and sister?”
Axel shifted nervously in his seat. “I don’t remember exactly. We fled the village in a group, but some didn’t stick around. Eventually, Diana found a letter from Tara and took us west to New York.”
“Diana said Finn’s sister and some of your other travelling companions died at the hands of the Council,” Brook said to Axel. 
“That’s what Diana told me too,” Axel agreed. “But I didn’t witness anything firsthand.”
There was another moment of silence, causing Yuki to take the opportunity to redirect the conversation. She cleared her throat while looking at Brook. 
Taking Yuki’s cue, Brook turned to the brothers. “I forgot to mention one more important thing,” Brook explained while motioning to Yuki and Kori. “It turns out that Yuki and Kori are your half-siblings.”
Marko and Axel appeared surprised by the news but remained silent. Expecting more of a reaction, Brook turned to Marko. 
“What’s wrong, Marko?” Brook asked, smiling. “This is exciting news.”
Marko forced himself to smile back at his cousin. “It is,” he agreed, then turned to Yuki and Kori. “Sorry, but this is all a lot to take in right now.” He stood up and excused himself before leaving to get some air. 
As Marko walked into the woods, his emotions were racing. He had assumed his mother was dead all this time, and although he was shocked to hear that she had started a new life without him, he felt no resentment towards her. It was apparent that Axel was angry at their mother for leaving. Marko felt some guilt for being so lucky compared to what his brother had to endure, but that did not stop Marko from feeling anger towards Axel for not telling him the truth. Marko was too preoccupied with his thoughts to notice someone following a few feet behind. 
“Marko,” a female voice called.
Marko stopped and turned around to find Zaeris approaching from the treeline. 
“I couldn’t help but overhear the conversation,” Zaeris explained with a concerned expression. “Are you okay?”
Marko smiled apologetically. “Sorry, did the family drama wake you?”
“That’s okay,” Zaeris replied, smiling. “It was almost time for my shift anyway.” As soon as she finished speaking, her digital watch started to beep, signalling the start of her shift. “See,” she said while switching off the alarm. “I’m sorry to hear about what happened with your mother. How are you feeling?” she asked sympathetically. 
Marko tried to force a smile. “I’m happy to hear that she’s alive,” he said before his expression turned dour. “But I can’t believe that my brother would take this long to tell me. How can he not mention something so important?”
“Maybe there is a reasonable explanation,” Zaeris said. “Didn’t you two only reconnect a month ago. He could have been waiting for the right time to tell you.”
Marko shook his head no. “I don’t think my brother had any intention of telling me,” he explained. “I try to get him to open up, but he never wants to talk. It’s like talking about the past makes him uncomfortable.”
Zaeris nodded knowingly. “My brother is the same way. He’s such an introvert. He doesn’t like being around anyone, even his own family. That’s likely why he volunteered to continue on solo.” There was a brief pause before Zaeris decided to redirect the conversation back to Marko. “Maybe Axel’s too traumatized to talk about his past. I couldn’t imagine being separated from my family and abandoned by my mother.”
Marko’s angry expression softened when he realized that Zaeris had a point. “Maybe you’re right,” he agreed. “When we found Marko and Diana, they were living underground. They had experienced so much loss and hardships while I was fortunate to grow up alongside the woman I love and a loving family. I can’t imagine where I would be if my mother hadn’t left me with Tara; it could have easily been me in my brother’s shoes.”
“You should consider yourself lucky; if that happed, Axel could have been the one to espouse Freya,” Zaeris jest, trying to lighten Marko’s mood. 
Marko was impressed that Zaeris remembered Freya’s name, having mentioned it only once. “Good memory,” he remarked. “But that would never happen. Freya is not my brother’s type.” Marko was now feeling a little better, causing his troubled expression to disappear. “Thanks for the talk. I’m sure you’re right. Talking about our mom must be too difficult for him.”
Zaeris smiled. “I’m glad you’re not mad at him. You’ve been separated from your brother so long. It’s too soon to start the sibling bickering.”
Marko started walking back to camp with Zaeris as they continued talking. 
“Axel and I are so different. I have trouble relating to him,” Marko admitted. It was the first time Marko had mentioned this to anyone, even Freya, and he felt better being able to get it off his chest. “We have such different personalities and experiences. I don’t have many memories of him from our childhood, but I remember feeling like we were inseparable. I just wish we could connect like that again.”
Zaeris looked understandingly at Marko. “You two lived such different experiences for over a thousand years. I’m sure these things take time.”
“I hope you’re right,” Marko said as they walked towards the light of the campfire. 
It was past three in the morning, and everyone had withdrawn to sleep except for Brook and Finn sitting by the campfire. Marko and Zaeris sat down to join them. 
“Shouldn’t you be sleeping?” Marko asked the couple, surprised to see them still up. “You’ve been travelling non-stop for over a week.” 
“Finn doesn’t sleep much anymore,” Brook explained as Marko and Zaeris sat next to her. 
After being murdered and experimented on by Omicron, Marko knew many of Finn’s limbs were mechanical, along with having a chest plate and a mechanical eye. Freya assured him that his brain was still human along with many of his organs, so they assumed he would be like his old self, but Marko wondered if there was anything else about Finn that had changed. After all the trauma and experimentation Finn went through, it would be hard not to expect changes in his personality or behaviour. Egypt was Marko’s first time talking to Finn since Omicron Incorporated turned him into a cyborg over a month ago. For the last few weeks, Finn’s body had been lying in their basement while Freya tried to find a way to bring him back after deactivating him when he was under the control of the company. Brook mentioned back in Egypt that they finally revived Finn a few weeks ago with the help of an Omicron scientist. Surprised that they would receive assistance from an Omicron employee, Marko made a mental note to ask Freya for details next time they talked. 
Brook’s yawning caused Marko to snap out of his reflections. “I’ll probably be hitting the sack soon, but I wanted to see how you were doing first,” she said to Marko. 
“I’m fine,” Marko replied. “It was a lot to take in, but I’m feeling better now.”
“Glad to hear,” Brook said with a smile before stretching and yawning again. “Well, I should get some sleep.”
“I don’t mind keeping watch if you want to get some sleep too,” Finn offered Zaeris.
“It’s going to be a long day tomorrow,” Brook said to the younger female while standing up. “C’mon, let get some rest.” 
“Okay,” Zaeris agreed and followed Brook towards the crowded shelter containing all the females. 
Marko smiled. Seeing Finn awake and acting like his old self again brought some much-needed joy to his low spirits. “Thanks for covering Zaeris’ shift,” Mako said to his friend. “Are you sure you’re good by yourself?”
“Of course,” Finn replied with a smile. “Go get some rest.”
“Goodnight,” Marko said before heading towards the less occupied tent containing the males and wasting very little time before falling asleep. 

ΟΟΟΟΟΟΟ

It felt like Marko had just closed his eyes before being awakened by the warm morning sunlight piercing through the tent. It did not take long before every member of the large group was up and ready to continue the journey. Marko had just finished packing up his belongings when he looked over to see Zaeris looking down at her phone. With Zacharia following the Ra-Shin convoy, Zaeris decided to turn off her cell to preserve her battery so they could quickly reconnect with her brother when ready. 
“Have you heard from your brother?” Marko asked Zaeris.
Zaeris look up at Marko with a worried expression. “No, the last text I received was yesterday morning saying that they were heading east towards Kenya. I texted him last night after your family arrived, and he hasn’t responded.”
“Maybe your brother’s cell battery is running low, and he’s checking it periodically,” Marko tried to reassure her. “He’ll probably text back soon.” 
Zaeris smiled at Marko’s reassuring words. “Hopefully, but in the meantime, at least we know what direction they’re heading.”
 It was nearing eight in the morning before everyone was packed and ready to go. The group of nine took off east-southeast, with the males taking turns carrying Adley. After hours of flying, they had crossed the border into Kenya and continued south towards Nairobi.  They were nearing some mountains when Zaeris motioned for everyone to land. 
Once the team touched down, they used the opportunity to take a break. Some gathered snacks and water while Marko, Adley, and Axel approached Zaeris to see why she had them stop. Zaeris pointed to a large mountain in the distance with a flat top. 
“I recognize that mountain from my clan’s journal,” Zaeris explained as the group gathered around her. “I remember my father mentioning that you must go through the mountain to reach the ancient village.”
“Do you think anyone else knows?” Adley asked. 
“It’s not in the journal,” Zaeris replied. “My clan passed on many secrets verbally to make sure the location would not fall into the wrong hands even if they decoded the journal. They wanted to ensure that only my clan would know how to find the Ancients.” 
“No kin should know the location of the Ancients,” Yuki corrected, appearing a little upset. “They wanted their location kept secret. Our ancestors were forbidden from returning, even after some of them left to save this planet. What makes you think they would welcome us with open arms?”
“That’s not true,” Zaeris said defensively. “The Ancients wanted my ancestors to document their location in the journal. They knew we would need to find our way back one day.”
“Do you know where to find the entrance into the mountain?” Brook asked Zaeris, trying to refocus the group. 
“Do you see that crater halfway up the mountain?” Zaeris asked, causing everyone to nod in affirmation at the sight of the smaller crater protruding out the side of the extinct stratovolcano. 
“It shouldn’t take us that long to reach it,” Axel informed the group. 
“Maybe my brother will be there waiting,” Zaeris wondered. “He heard the same stories from our grandfather, so he should know where to go.” 
With a plan in place, the group took off towards their destination. As they flew over the rift valley, the group took in the spectacular view of the surrounding lakes and mountains. Just as Axel projected, it did not take long for them to reach the minor crater. 
Everyone searched for an entrance, but the various shrubs and rocks that covered the mountain were all they could see. Finally, the group spread out in search of an entryway. It was an hour past noon, and the bright sunlight touched the entire crater except for a small shadowy strip along the western edge. 
Looking into the distance, Zaeris noticed something take off from the shadowy area and fly towards her. As the flying figure neared, Zaeris quickly recognized that it was Zacharia. She promptly approached her brother as he was landing nearby. 
“Zacharia!”  Zaeris greeted her twin with a hug. “I’m so glad to see that you’re okay. What happened? Why didn’t you text me?”
“I was following the convoy towards Nairobi when my phone ran out of battery,” Zacharia explained after he released his sister. “When I saw the mountain, I knew you were likely going to come here. I didn’t want to risk missing you, so I decided to wait here.”
Seeing that Zacharia had joined them, everyone approached as the siblings conversed. 
“Where did Ra-Shin go?” Adley asked. 
“They camped a few kilometres from here last night,” Zacharia replied. “I thought for sure they were going to target the mountain, but the convoy left towards Nairobi this morning.”
“So, what do we do?” Adley asked her team. “Do we continue looking for the village, or do we try to catch up to Ra-Shin?” 
Before anyone had a chance to respond, the sound of rocks sliding down the slope echoed in the distance. Everyone looked towards the noise and was surprised to see a man standing at the top of the crater. 
The human waived at the group before starting his descent towards them. “Hello!” his friendly voice echoed as he climbed down into the crater. When he hit the steep slope, he tripped and slid a few feet before catching himself. As the man approached, everyone noticed that he was wearing a Ra-Shin soldier uniform. 
Axel turned to Zacharia. “I thought you said Ra-Shin left this morning,” he asked skeptically. 
“I said that I saw the convoy leave this morning,” Zacharia clarified. “It’s possible that a few individuals stayed behind.”
“We didn’t see any vehicles or people as we approached,” Marko reminded his brother. 
“But we only flew over the north side of the enormous mountain,” Brook said. 
“There are many crevices,” Yoki added, “so there are countless places one could hide.”
The group continued to converse while they waited for the newcomer to reach them. Seeing as how it was only one individual, they did not felt threatened in any way, but Axel and Adley retrieved their firearms as a precaution.   
As the man finally neared, Adley recognized him as one of the soldiers who transported her as a Ra-Shin’s prisoner. 
“Hey, I remember you,” Adley greeted. “Your name’s Benjamin, right?”
“Yes,” Ben replied, sounding slightly out of breath by the time he reached the group.
“What are you doing here?” Axel demanded, raising his gun. 
Ben lifted his hands defensively. “Don’t shoot! I’m not here to hurt you,” he pleaded. “They sent me down here to talk to you. They think there will be fewer casualties this way.”
“Who are they?” Adley questioned. 
“My supervisors,” Ben replied. “They wanted me to inform you that snipers have surrounded the crater. They hope to avoid casualties by asking that you surrender peacefully.”
Axel scowled and pointed his gun at the soldier’s head. “Why would we surrender when we have you as a hostage?” he asked while cocking his weapon.
Ben raised his hands again defensively. “They don’t give two shits if I die. That’s why they sent me, but I would appreciate it if you didn’t kill me.”
“Why would you work for a company that mistreats you?” Zaeris asked. 
Ben laughed. “The money, of course.”
“He’s been trying to transfer departments,” Adley explained to her friends. “But it looks like they have you back in the field,” she said to the soldier, feeling bad for him. 
Ben nodded in affirmation. “I worked security on the Leviathan for a bit, but they eventually relocated me to this unit. That’s why I agreed to come down here. If I’m injured, they’ll send me home with compensation,” he added with a shrug. “I figured it’s worth the shot.”
“How do we get out of this?” Adley asked the soldier.
“I don’t think you can,” Ben replied sincerely. “I was telling the truth about the snipers.” 
“This is ridiculous!” Axel declared in frustration. “This is a ruse. They know they can’t take all of us, so they’re trying to trick us into surrendering. Why else would they send this guy,” he added while motioning towards Ben.
“If they have us surrounded, how are we going to escape?” Yuki asked, looking nervous. 
“I think we should make a run for it,” Zacharia replied. 
“If you try to escape, they’ll shoot to kill,” Ben warned the group.
“It’s too dangerous,” Zaeris said, objecting to her brother’s suggestion. “Not all of us are fast flyers, and Adley is flightless. There is no way we can all escape without injury.”
“I think we should try it,” Axel said, agreeing with Zacharia’s plan. “If we can create a diversion, a few of us could try to exit the crater undetected and take out the snipers.”
“What kind of diversion?” Brook asked. 
“We can start some fires,” Zacharia suggested. “While one group distracts the snipers, the other can use the smoke as cover.”
“Zacharia, Kori, and I can exit the crater while the rest of you distract them,” Axel explained to the group. 
“Zaeris and I can work on the fire,” Marko added. 
“This is a great plan and all,” Ben interjected. “But you’re going to have to do something with me. I can’t just let you walk away, so you’ll have to subdue me.”
Axel rolled his eyes and pointed his gun at Ben’s torso before lowing it, shooting him in the foot. The females and Marko gasped in horror from the sudden and unexpected violence as Ben fell to the ground holding his leg in immense pain. 
“Does that work?” Axel asked the soldier.
“Yes,” Ben squealed, clenching his teeth in agony. “But I was hoping for something a little less painful.”
“At least now you get to go home to your family,” Adley reassured Ben before following the others towards the center of the crater.
Axel was about to follow his companions when he was stopped by a bullet plummeting through his torso. The Ifrit screamed in pain before collapsing to the ground. 
“Axel!” Marko and Diana screamed simultaneously.
Marko rushed over to his brother’s side and knelt next to him. The rest of the group had little time to react before the ground below them started to shake violently. It felt like the earth below their feet was going to collapse. The group began running towards the higher ground while Mako quickly picked up his injured brother to follow. They did not get far before Brook suddenly stopped in her tracks. Trusting her senses, Brook started looking around when she noticed a hole forming in the ground nearby. 
“Over here!” Brook alerted her partner. 
Realizing that Brook was not fleeing with them, Finn stopped and altered the others.
“I feel the presence of another Undine,” Brook informed Finn as he approached. “I think we should go underground.”
“Are you sure?” Finn asked, causing Brook to nod in confirmation. 
As the rest of the group joined them, Finn took off, running towards the cavity forming in the distance. 
“Follow us!” Brook called to the others as she followed Finn. 
The snipers must have noticed the new egress and started firing at the escapees. Marko picked up speed as he carried his injured brother to safety while trying to avoid the gunfire. 
Finn jumped into the newly formed sinkhole, with the others following closely behind. They jumped consecutively into the narrow hole that felt like it was going on for a great distance. Finn was the first to reach a tunnel deep underground. He stepped aside to make way for the others but made sure to catch Adley, who could not land safely from such a height. 
“Thanks,” Adley said as Finn released her. 
Mako was the last to touch down with his brother in his arms. “Is everyone else okay?” he asked the group, looking around to make sure they were not missing someone.  
Before anyone could respond, the rock around them started to rumble, and the cavity they entered from resealed. As the loosened dust and rock began to settle, the group looked around to get a sense of their bearings. Stringed lights that seemed to go on for miles illuminated the inclined tunnel. 
“Oh, good. Everyone is here,” a male voice echoed from behind the group. 
Marko and the others turned around to find a trio of unknown kin watching them. The oldest-looking one was a tall male Ifrit with short red hair and lightly bronzed skin. He was wearing a pair of loose black pants and a red cloth wrapped around his torso. Standing next to the male was a younger-looking Undine female with bright blue hair, dark olive complexion, and was donned in a dress of bright blue cloth wrapped around her torso. Finally, a Gaia female child was standing behind the two of them with ebony hair and a darker complexion. She was the only one with visible wings that were moulting with small patches of skin and the rest covered in dark-grey down feathers.  She was wearing a black skirt and a loose green tunic that ended at her hips. 
The Gaia youth smiled at the newcomers. “All ten of them, promising,” she remarked to her companions, ecstatic to see them. 
“It’s only the beginning. Don’t get your hopes up,” the Undine warned the child impassively.
The unknown Ifrit male spotted Marko holding an injured Axel and approached the brothers. “You will need to bandage his wound before we proceed,” he said to Marko while handing him a bag of medical supplies. Marko gently laid his semi-conscious brother on the ground while Zaeris and Yuki approached to give him a hand. 
While the three tended to Axel’s wound, Brook decided to talk to their rescuers to get some answers. “Hello, excuse me,” Brook said with a smile as she moved past Finn and Adley to approach the strangers. “Who are you, and what’s going on?” 
The Ifrit man smiled. “I’m Waka. That is Amahle and Ala,” he added while pointing to Undine and Gaia females, respectively. 
The young child was beaming as she approached the group. “I’m so happy to meet you all,” Ala said to the strangers. 
“Were you expecting us?” Adley asked, perplexed by the young girl's excitement. 
“Of course,” Ala replied. “But we did not know precisely how many. We are so happy to see that you all made it.” 
“How did you know we were coming?” Zaeris asked. 
“Nana, she knows everything,” Ala said enthusiastically. “She said there would either be six, eight or ten of you.”
Brook looked at the girl, puzzled. “What are you talking about?” 
Ala looked like she was about to respond but was quickly cut off by her Undine companion. 
“We should hurry,” Amahle warned. “Your friend is injured, and we have a schedule to keep.”
“We have his wound bandaged, but he’s going to need proper medical attention,” Zaeris explained. 
“Yes, this way,” Waka said while pulling some papers from his pocket and proceeding down the tunnel.
The large group followed Waka as he led the way down the tilted passageway. 
“Who made these tunnels?” Brook asked as she followed close to her friends inside the narrow shaft. 
“This mountain is an extinct volcano,” Zaeris explained, “so we must be in one of the vents.”
“There was never a real volcano here in this timeline,” Ala corrected. “My Gaia ancestors formed this entire mountain range when our kind first arrived on this planet. They shaped the mountain that way to help conceal our village.”
“Isn’t your village on the top of the mountain?” Zachariah asked. “How are you able to avoid people.”
“Oduda and Nana,” Ala replied. “They created a barrier that cloaks the entire creator. The only entrance is from inside the mountain.”
“How is the village cloaked?” Adley asked curiously. “Do you mean it is invisible to people?”
“Sort of,” Ala said, trying to think of the best way to explain it. “Our village rests between dimensions, so it’s not in the same space as the rest of the mountain.”
The group continued walking in silence before stopping at a wall with a visibly discoloured section of rock. A green emblem shaped like a mountain with a flat top and a leaf in the middle was on the rock wall. 
“It’s a Gaia emblem,” Kori said to Adley and her friends.
As Ala approached the symbol, her hazel eyes began to glow bright green. The earth around them trembled as the discoloured stone shifted to the side, revealing a cavity. This opening led to another vertical tunnel that seemed to go on for miles. Painted on the wall across from them was another painted emblem, a blue circle with wavy lines. 
Being near the front of the group, Zaeris looked down the dark endless-looking cavity. “This looks like it drops for miles. What are we going to do?”
“One second,” Waka said before stepping aside to make way for Amahle. The Undine’s eyes began to glow a bright blue as everyone waited for something to happen. Seconds later, they could hear rushing water deep within the hole. “Now we jump,” Waka said before walking off the ledge and into the large cavity. 
“Hurry,” Ala said as everyone followed Waka towards the water. Ala was the last to jump before the stone opening sealed behind her. 
As soon as Marko landed, Zaeris swam over to help him hold Axel’s head above the water as it gushed up the mountain vent. The quickly rising water began to slow as it travelled upward. The water finally stopped when it reached an edge leading into another long tunnel. 
The group exited the water and followed Waka down the dark tunnel. This passage did not contain any lights, but a faint glow came from the end of the hallway. Marko could feel the heat intensifying as they approached the source of the fire. Everyone in the group but the five Ifrits stayed back, the heat too intense for the others to handle. 
Waka’s eyes started to brighten, causing the flames to dissipate and the tunnel to darken. Above the dimly lit tunnel, Marko could make out another painted emblem, but this one was red and had flames with a circle in the middle.
The large group entered the hot room that had a staircase along the wall furthest from them. They followed Waka across the room and up the stairs that finally lead them outside. The group walked through the wall and into the crater at the top of the mountain. Expecting the same rocky terrain they had observed earlier, the newcomers were surprised by what they saw.
The entire crater contained a village with mud-brick homes, lush grass, trees, and vegetable gardens. A much larger temple-like building was visible in the distance, and the scent of campfire filled the air. 
As soon as the large group walked out into the open, two early-middle-aged-looking kin greeted them with big smiles on their faces. One was female Gaia with brown skin, bright green eyes, and black wings with a strip of vivid green that glistened along the bottom. She was wearing a long orange dress, and wrapped around her head was a brown and orange headscarf that concealed her hair. The other was a male Venti with a dark brown complexion, shaved head, pale blue eyes, and a large pair of pale blue wings.  
“This is my father Thato and mother Rethabile,” Ala explained as her parents approached. “They are our healers. They’ve come to help your injured friend.”
“It’s a pleasure to meet you all,” Rethabile greeted the newcomers before turning to Marko holding his brother. “Please come this way,” she directed Marko before turning back towards the village. 
“I’ll come with you,” Diana said to Marko as she followed to help with Axel. 
“They are waiting for you in the Aedes,” Thato informed his daughter before turning to follow his wife, Marko, and Diana to tend to Axel’s wound.
“This way,” Ala directed before continuing towards the village.  
The village consisted of a few dozen homes constructed of clay, straw, and wood used for smaller structures and ladders. Some houses were small, modest structures, but a handful of bigger homes could easily hold a large family or two. Regardless of the size, they were all well maintained, with intricate engravings and a beautiful array of flora scattered throughout the village. 
The group followed Ala through the village while taking in the sights as they walked towards the structure. Chickens and goats grazed in the grassy areas while all the villagers quietly went about their day. As they approached the ancient building, the newcomers looked up at the tall clay structure extending into the wall of the crater. 
As Adley studied the mountainous bowl surrounding them, she couldn’t help but noticed that the sun was directly overhead, meaning that it must be around noon. Perplexed, she checked her digital watch and was surprised to see that the time indicated five in the afternoon. Adley wondered if this disparity had something to do with the barrier that Ala said protected the village. 
Unlike many of the previous kin villages Aldey had seen on her journey, this village was more diverse. It reminded her of her friends’ clan back home and their sanctuary. 
“Does this village have a name?” Adley asked the hosts. 
“This village is called Kush Nova,” Amahle explained. “It’s what you would consider the first Sanctuary.”
The villagers were extremely friendly, stopping what they were doing to smile and greet the newcomers. As they walked, Waka would talk to random villagers in a language Adley could not make out. At one point, someone called Waka’s name, prompting him to part from the group as Ala and Amahle led the way.
After walking across the large crater to their destination, Ala turned to the others and smiled. 
“Naturally, our elders are eager to meet you all,” Ala explained. “They have much to discuss.” 
“Should we wait for the rest of our party?” Brook asked, wondering about Marko and the others. “They would not want to miss this.”
“No,” Amahle replied seriously. “They requested your presence immediately upon arrival. We will ensure that your friends catch up with you later.”
“I’m going to check on your friends now,” Ala explained. “I will let them know where to find you when ready.”
“Please enter,” Amahle said while motioning to the large doorway. Everyone entered except Ala and Amahle, who remained outside.
The inside of the temple contained multiple rooms and high ceilings. The first room had a homely feel with a large dome ceiling and walls covered in various items from old weapons to elegant tapestries, many of which contained some of the emblems that Adley had seen inside the mountain. 
Multiple baskets of threads and textiles in various styles and colours were on the right side of the room. Next to the baskets was a table surrounded by stools, sewing supplies, and a loom. On the left side of the room was a wall full of antique weapons and tools. In the middle of the room was a circle of chairs, and at the far end of the room sat two female kin, the likes of which Adley had yet to see. 
The first woman possessed ebony skin and eyes with black kinky hair that was beginning to grey. Although the greying would suggest that she was middle-aged, it was difficult to confirm due to her youthful-looking complexion. She was wearing a long dress layered with blue and green cloth. She had a neutral expression as she sat straight in her seat, clasping a thick gold sceptre in her right hand. Smaller white crystals rested in the middle of the dense adornment, and a massive black gem mounted at the top. The wand appeared heavy and could easily be mistaken for a mace if not for the jewels. 
The other female had a black patch covering her right eye while the left visible eye was sable coloured. She was wearing the same style dress as the other female but was gold and red coloured. On her head was a red scarf with a gold print concealing her hair. Over the headdress was a silver crown surrounded by tiny black gems and a massive white crystal in the middle.  Like the first woman, this female’s flawless brown complexion made it difficult to determine her age.
Upon spotting the group, the two females stood up to greet their guests. They did not move from their position but acknowledged the newcomers with a smile and nod. 
The woman with the eye patch and crown motioned for the party to sit in a circle containing the precise number of seats already placed. “Please, have a seat,” she directed, prompting everyone to find a place before she continued with the introduction. “It’s so good to see you all. I’m Nana, and this is Oduda.” 
“As you already concluded, we are the elders of the village and the ones you call the Ancients,” Oduda explained. 
“We have much to discuss,” Nana continued, “but I will start by answering any questions you may have.” 
Being naturally curious, Adley was the first to ask a question. “I have a question,” she said, lifting her hand slightly. “Ala mentioned that a barrier protects the village, and I noticed that the sun is not in the correct position for the time of day. Are the two connected?”
“Yes,” Nana said, nodding her head. “This village is concealed between dimensions like a dome over the crater. So the sun you see is in our present dimension, while your watch is referencing the dimension you came from.”
 “What do you mean by another dimension? How many dimensions are there?” Adley questioned.
Instead of answering this question, Nana turned to her partner for the response. 
“There are ten different facets that construct reality,” Oduda started to explain. “You are all aware of the three dimensions that make up your reality and the fourth dimension being time. These dimensions are the confines of your existence, but Nana and I also exist on the outer dimensional planes. Nana can grasp the fifth and sixth dimensions, allowing her to manipulate time and perceive all our future possibilities. I can create gateways between the seventh and eighth dimensions containing an infinite number of universes. You entered the village through one of my gateways.”
“Does that mean we are in another universe?” Brook asked in awe.
“Sort of,” Oduda replied. “Together, Nana and I were able to conceal this village in a time vortex.”
“Why do you hide from the outside world?” Zaeris asked. “My father always said it was to prevent the humans from discovering your powers, but in my village, we live peacefully alongside humans.”
“It’s not the humans we are hiding from,” Nana replied, shaking her head. “When we first came to this dimension, we were unsuccessful in our mission to stop the spread. Unfortunately, it crossed over with us, so now we must lie in wait for our chance to right a wrong.” Nana’s expression was now sober, and her voice started to strain near the end. It was apparent that talking about this bothered her. 
“If you can see into the future, why couldn’t you have stopped it from happening?” Zachariah questioned skeptically. 
Nana shook her head. “It’s not that simple. I can perceive all possible futures, but I do not always know which one will come to fruition. There are many variables and possibilities; nothing is inevitable, and almost all fates are beyond my control. All I can do is choose the best possible outcome and manipulate what variables I can. Sometimes I can reach the desired outcome, but only because it was already fated.”
“I don’t understand,” Yuki said, finally speaking up. “My father said that our ancestors came to this world to save our species from extinction.” 
“In a sense,” Oduda agreed. “Our home planet became infected by a creature the likes of which we had never seen. Eventually, after nearly consuming all life on our planet and the destruction of our world imminent, we ran out of options. After foreseeing the bleak future of our species, our planet, and the many worlds that would follow, it left us with one choice; we had to destroy our planet and the creature before it was too late.” 
“But if you were trying to stop the spread of something, why would you come to Earth?” Zaeris asked. “Couldn’t you foresee this happening?”
“A small group of seers perceived a future where a small group of us were able to flee and successfully preserve our species,” Oduda explained. “It’s forbidden by our kind to enter alternative timelines. Our ancestors had never done it before that day, but they envisioned a future where they succeeded in destroying the creature, and our species survived.”
“It was my fault the plan failed,” Nana said, sounding upset with her hands clenched in her lap. 
Oduda continued telling the story while Nana took time to compose herself. “There is a reason why what we did was forbidden, but elders decided that it was worth the risk,” Oduda explained. “Every remaining kingdom nominated two for the journey while Oduda and I were elected to guide the children to their new home.” 
“The elders chose children because our young are more resilient and adaptive to new environments,” Nana added, having composed herself. “On the morning of our departure, they had just opened the gateway when it infiltrated our safehold. Nevertheless, we managed to get the children through the gateway safely. Oduda and I were about to follow when two others came seeking refuge, one being my twin sister. In a brief lapse in judgment, I allowed them to go with us. My emotions and love for my sister must have blinded me. It was not until we reached Earth I realized that it was all a trick. Knowing what the future held, I knew I had to correct my grave mistake.” Nana paused to wipe her eyes. 
 “What did you do?” Zaeris asked, intensely invested in the story. 
“I had no other choice but to try to destroy them to correct the error,” Nana explained. She stopped to look at Oduda before continuing. “But when the time came, my hesitation cost me my eye and instantaneously created a series of possibilities that will bring about the end of life on this planet and countless others.”
“How can one creature cause so much destruction?” Brook wondered. “And if our world’s in danger, why have we never seen it?” 
“We call it Bilai,” Nana explained. “It’s a shapeshifter with the ability to regenerate. He can manipulate and absorb any living thing it infects. So naturally, it took a liking to our kind and our abilities. Using our powers against us, it almost wiped out our entire planet in a matter of months. It thrives on destruction and is almost impossible to destroy.”
“One nation was close to finding a way to neutralize its power before it fell,” Oduda said. “Our ancestors equipped us with all of the knowledge and items they thought we might need to destroy as a precaution.” 
“Once it came to this timeline, we knew we had to try to destroy it before it could spread,” Nana explained. “A team of brave kin from this village set out to stop him. I knew they would be successful in stifling its powers, but only temporarily.”
“The team of kin you speak of, one must have been my village’s founder,” Zaeris said, having heard this part of the story before. 
“Ours too,” Kori added. 
“Yes,” Nana replied. “After they defeated Bilai, they parted ways to start new lives all around the globe. They knew it would be harder for Bilai to find the relics if they split up.”
“Why were they not permitted to return to this village,” Zaeris asked. 
“If they did, I perceived multiple timelines where Bilai eventually found a way to this village,” Nana replied. 
“It was the only way to ensure it never found us,” Oduda said. 
“Bilai has managed to infect someone with my abilities granting him immense powers,” Nana explained. “If he gets a hold of Oduda, he will be able to open passages to infinite universes. Our ancestors sacrificed their lives and our home planet to prevent that from happening.”
“How do you plan on stopping him?” Adley asked, amazed by the story. 
“The odds are against us,” Nana said somberly. “Bilai has been slowly growing stronger as it builds its army. I only have one chance to correct this wrong, but I can’t succeed without your help.” 
“What do you want from us?” Finn asked. 
“I need you to trust me,” Nana explained, looking directly at Finn. “We have a long road ahead of us. If we do everything right, hopefully, we will be successful in not only stopping Bilai but also saving your friend’s life.”
Finn looked startled. “What are you saying? Who’s life?” he inquired, taking the warning seriously.  
 “Are you referring to Axel?” Brook asked, equally worried. 
“Who’s Axel?” Oduda asked.
“He’s one of our travelling companions,” Brook replied. “He was injured right before we entered the mountain.”
“No, not Axel,” Nana said. “His brother is the one we must protect.”
“Oh, no, Marko,” Zaeris exclaimed, shocked by the news.
 “If Marko dies, all hope of us succeeding parishes with him,” Nana explained.
“Is Marko the one who kills Bilai or something?” Zachariah asked, not sounding convinced.  
“No, but his death will create a timeline assuring our failure,” Nana replied. 
“What should we do?” Brook asked. 
Nana’s expression turned even grimmer. “Oduda and I must leave, meaning the village’s protection will be disabled and visible to the outside world. There is a high probability that outsiders will come while we are away. You mustn’t engage them.”
“Where are you going?” Adley asked. 
“July seventh, twenty-seventeen,” Nana replied. “We have to give a message to Marko’s family.”
“You are going back to last month?” Adley said in shock. 
“We’re Marko’s family too,” Brook interjected. “Why can’t you give us the message?”
“Because you are here, and the person who needs the message is not,” Nana explained. 
“Who? Quinn and Freya?” Brook wondered. 
Nana shook her head no. 
“Why do you have to go back in time to deliver a message?” Zaeris asked. “Why can’t you just call them?” 
“If we try to tell them now, it will be too late,” Oduda explained. 
“I’ve perceived all the possibilities, and this is the only way,” Nana said. “The fact that this is even possible means that it must happen for this future to exist.”
“What do you mean?” Adley asked, unable to comprehend what Nana is saying. 
“For Oduda and I to go somewhere we have never been, someone must have been able to take us there,” Nana explained. 
“How is this possible?” Brook asked, confused by the explanation. 
“Up until now, I thought only kin like Oduda and I were capable of going back,” Nana said. “It’s impossible for someone to go back to a time where they already exist. Although it is against our code, it’s possible to travel to other realities but impossible for you to travel within your timeline. Think of it as being tied to your timeline, unable to revisit something that has already happened.”
“Who is going to take you, then?” Brook asked Nana, dumfounded.
Nana turned to Finn. “You will take us. For two whole days, your death removed your existence from reality. I’ve never seen such an anomaly, but there must be a reason for it to have already happened.” 
“What do you mean by already happened?” Brook asked.  
“Last month, we visited your home and delivered a message,” Oduda explained. 
Brook laughed skeptically. “That’s impossible,” she said, shaking her head. “I was home that day. I would have known about strangers visiting our house from the future. Nothing gets into that house without Flint or Felix knowing about it.”
“I know,” Nana agreed, smiling. “If you don’t believe me, you can ask them. I would very much like to see them again.”
Brook was in disbelief. “Adley, can you call them?” Brook asked her friend, confident that these women were mistaken.
Adley shook her head. “No cell battery.”
“My phone has a little juice,” Zaeris offered, holding out her cell. 
Brook approached Zaeris to retrieve the phone.  “I’ll try Felix,” she said as she dialled the long-distance number. 
“Make sure it’s a video call,” Nana said, prompting Brook to press a button to make the switch. 
“That’s going to eat the battery,” Zaeris cautioned as Brook waited for the video call to connect. 
After a few seconds, Felix’s face appeared on the screen. “Brook,” the boy said, looking surprised to see her. “Whose phone are you using?”
“A friend’s, but that’s not important,” Brook replied. “The phone is about to die. Where’s Flint?”
Felix looked off-screen to call his brother. “Flint, get over here,” he said just as Nana walked up behind Brook. Felix smiled immediately upon spotting the elder. “Hello, Nana,” he greeted. 
“Really?” Flint said as he walked up behind Felix to glance at the screen. 
Brook was surprised to see Flint visibly injured. He looked like he had just been in a fight with a black eye and a large scab on his face. She assumed that maybe the boys had gotten carried away playfighting, and she did not have time to inquire. 
Flint smiled upon seeing Nana on the phone. “Hey, I was wondering when we were going to see you again,” he beamed. 
Brook frowned at the young twins. “How did I not know about this!” she demanded. “Why didn’t you tell me?” 
Flint’s smile softened when he noticed how upset Brook was. “They suggested that we keep it hush,” he said with a shrug. “And you were cooped up in your room that day. You were so mopey over Finn’s death you didn’t even leave your room when we blew out the upstairs windows.” 
“Sorry again about that,” Oduda’s voice called from the background.
“That’s okay!” Flint yelled back through the device. “We needed the upgrade.”
“I can’t believe this is happening,” Brook said in shock. She glared at the boys. “You two knew Finn was alive and didn’t tell me?”
“Finn? He wasn’t with them,” Felix said, surprised by the comment. 
“They’re telling the truth,” Nana explained to Brook. “They had no idea that Finn was with us.”
“If you don’t need us anymore,” Felix’s voice interjected. “We must let our mom about this.”
“Tell Marko we said hi!” Flint added before the call ended.   
Brook handed the phone back to Zaeris, stunned. “I’m so confused right now,” she remarked, still flabbergasted. “I can’t believe I missed all that happening without knowing. I was so upset I didn’t even see what was going on around me.”
“What exactly did you give the boys?” Adley asked Nana curiously. 
“A letter with instructions, but we have to seal it with the emblem from their family’s weapon,” Oduda replied. “It’s the only way we can convince them.”
“The Ifrit dagger,” Zaeris explained. “Marko has it.”
“I’ll go get it from him,” Brook offered, knowing that he would trust her with it.
“I’ll take you to him,” Oduda offered, and the two of them exited the lodge. 
There was a brief moment of silence amongst the group as Brook and Oduda left to retrieve the dagger. 
With a question nagging her, Zaeris decided to break the silence. “So, if you get this message to Marko’s family, does that mean he is going to be okay?” she asked Nana. 
“Too many outcomes to guarantee,” Nana replied. “I can use my predictions to guide my efforts, but there will always be factors beyond my control, like the choices and actions of others,” she added while gazing intensely at Zaeris as if she was extending a warning to the young girl. 
 “But if you can time travel, why can’t you go back in time to stop something bad from happening?” Zachariah wondered. 
“It’s not that simple,” Nana replied. “Once something happens, it cannot be unchanged. I can foresee futures, but I must not try to alter them. For example, if I warn someone of a future event, it creates a new timeline where they are aware of their future, and the preferred outcome will never come to fruition.”
“I don’t understand,” Zaeris said, befuddled. “If Marko dies, can’t you go back in time to change the past like you are about to do with Finn?”  
“No, you cannot alter the past because it has already happened,” Nana explained. “I know this may be difficult to comprehend, but we are going back in time to try to prevent something from happening that has not happed yet. It’s unprecedented for me. I wasn’t sure we were on the correct timeline until Flint and Felix confirmed that we already did it. Trust me when I say that time travelling is rarely beneficial.”
“How about travelling to the future?” Zachariah wondered. 
Nana shook her head. “Impossible. You can’t travel to the future because it hasn’t happened yet. What I see are only possibilities. I cannot know for certain it will happen until it happens.”
Zachariah looked like he was about to say something else when Brook and Oduda entered with the dagger. Oduda took the blade over to the sewing table and used a candle to light a stick of red wax. Then, after dripping some on a white envelope, she pressed a section of the handle against the wax. 
With the letter sealed, Oduda approached Brook. 
“You should take it back to him before he comes looking for it,” Nana explained as Oduda handed the dagger over.
Before leaving, Brook walked over to Finn and gave him a big hug before departing with the dagger. 
Wasting little time, Nana walked towards a door located at the back of the room. 
With the letter in hand and time of the essence, Oduda turned to Finn. “Are you ready?”
Finn looked around the group before standing up to join the two elders. Nana opened the door allowing Finn and Oduda to enter first. 
Before closing the door, Nana stopped to address the group. “We are going to be gone for a few hours. Please feel free to roam the village but don’t leave until we return,” she said before closing the door behind her.
The remaining group listened to the sound of a low rumble followed by a bright light shining through the crack under the door, then nothing.  
After a few seconds of silence, Zaeris looked around the group. “Now what?”
 “Should we find out how Axel is doing?” Adley asked. 
“Okay,” Zaeris agreed, and the group exited to go find their friends. 
The sun was starting to set, but the village was already dark from the shadow of the crater wall. Adley checked her watch and noticed that the sun was now in sync with her clock. She was surprised that the busy village she saw earlier seemed deserted. 
Amahle had been waiting outside the lodge for the group to emerge. Spotting them exit the temple, she approached with a sword in hand. “Did Oduda and Nana say when they will be back?” she questioned the group. 
Yuki stood closest to Amahle and replied, “No, but they said it might be a few hours.”
“Where is everyone?” Adley asked, looking around.
“Everyone went inside after Nana and Oduda left,” Amahle explained. “It’s been a millennium since the barrier’s been down. The last time it happened was a dark day for our village.”
“Do you know where we can find our friends?” Zaeris asked. 
“They’re with Rethabile and Thato. I’ll take you to them,” Amahle replied as she walked towards the cluster of homes. “Are you hungry? They’re cooking dinner.”
“I am,” Zachariah declared. 
“Me too,” Kori agreed as he walked next to the Ifrit.
As Adley followed Amahle through the village, she could hear the sounds of people talking through the homes’ open windows. They were not speaking English, so she could not understand what they were saying, but the smell of their cooking drifting outside was starting to make her mouth water. 
Amahle stopped at a more prominent home near the village's edge and knocked once before entering. The center of the residence was a large open room containing a sitting area. The kitchen consisted of a brick oven, an old wood stove with a big pot on top, and a counter full of chopped vegetables and other cooking materials.  
The party was happy to see Axel up and looking as good as new apart from the bandage around his chest. He was sitting on the floor with Brook, Rethablie, and Thato. Marko was busy in the kitchen with Ala and another similarly aged Venti female. The unknown girl had light blue hair tied back and brown skin. She wore a long brown skirt and loose black top with a pair of wings covered in light-grey down feathers protruding out of her back. 
Everyone stopped and smiled when spotting the group enter. “Please, come in and make yourselves at home,” Thato said as he stood up to greet his guests. 
The two young girls stopped cutting vegetables to address the newcomers. “This is my sister Lesedi,” Ala explained. “I hope you’re all hungry. We are making stew.”
“It was Marko’s idea,” Brook added. “After he saw all the fresh vegetables in the garden, he insisted on making dinner.”
Marko stopped stirring the big pot to address the group. “It’s the least I could do after what they did to help my brother,” he explained before throwing in a few tablespoons of a red powder, then smelled the mixture and smiled. “Plus, their collection of spices is amazing.” 
“I can help,” Zaeris offered before walking over to give them a hand. 
“Where’s Diana?” Adley asked, realizing that she was not in the room. 
“She was tired from the journey, so we offered her a room to rest,” Rethablie explained. 
It did not take long for the four of them to finish cooking. Once ready, everyone took a bowl of stew. 
Diana must have sensed that it was dinner time because she entered the room, finally awake. She still looked sleepy as she smiled at everyone eating. “Smells delicious,” she commented.  
Brook stood up to make an extra bowl and handed it to Diana. 
“Thank you,” Diana said, accepting the bowl. 
Brook walked over and sat next to Ala to finish her meal. Halfway through her meal, she looked over at Adley sitting nearby. “Did Nana and Oduda say how long they were going to be with Finn?” she asked her friend. 
“Not exactly,” Adley replied. “They said they were going to be a few hours.”
 “Where did they go with Finn?” Axel asked, realizing he was missing. 
There was silence in the room as half the group wondered what exactly to say, knowing that it involved Marko’s future.  
“They left to show Finn something about his past,” Amahle answered, sensing everyone’s hesitation. 
“I wonder what it is,” Marko said after taking the last bite from his bowl, then stood up to retrieve another helping from the half-full pot. 
Unlike his brother, Axel looked surprised by this news. “What do you mean show Finn his past?” he asked Amahle. 
“Nana can travel back in time,” Amahle explained. 
“You mean they can go back and change past events?” Axel asked in astonishment. 
“No, not really,” Amahle replied, shaking her head. “You can’t alter anything that has already happened.” 
Axel appeared confused by the answer but did not press for further information. “Oh,” he said before returning to his bowl of stew. 
Once everyone had finished eating, and dinner cleaned up, they all decided to depart the overcrowded residence and make a fire outside. Rethablie chose to stay inside with her two girls while Thato and Amahle went with the visitors to help make the fire.  
A heavy peppering of stars lit up the clear night sky while the bearly visible crescent moon peeked out over the crater wall. Looking around, Adley noticed that some of the homes were void of light, and it was quieter than before. 
It had been another long day, and Adley was exhausted. Ready for sleep, she knew she would not be able to last long before inquiring about the sleeping arrangements. 
Everyone had just settled down by the campfire when a faint humming sound started to echo in the distance.  It was apparent that the others were alerted to the noise from the uneasy look on Thato and Amahle’s faces. 
“What’s that noise? It sounds like helicopters approaching,” Yuki observed. 
“I think so too,” Zaeris replied, more familiar with the sound. 
Seconds later, bright lights appeared from two aircraft passing over the crater wall. Both choppers descended as they approached, stopping in a clearing at the edge of the village. Two teams of four Ra-Shin soldiers exited the aircraft hovering a few meters off the ground. The helicopters departed as the soldiers made their way towards the group sitting by the fire. 
Mark immediately went for his dagger while Axel retrieved his handgun. The two brothers stood up, ready to engage, when the others stopped them. 
Zaeris stood up to stop her friend. “No, Marko. They warned us about this.”
“Nana and Oduda said that this might happen,” Adley confirmed. “They told us not to engage.”
Hearing that, Thato stood up and looked at the brothers sternly. “If Nana and Oduda said that, you best listen,” he warned. Heeding the older male’s warning, Marko and Axel exchanged glances before cautiously sitting back down. 
“HANDS UP!” one soldier shouted as they closed in on the group. 
The party of eleven simultaneously raised their hands as the soldiers surrounded them. Everyone appeared calm despite the weapons pointing at most of their backs. 
“No one move,” the same soldier ordered the group. 
“We’re unarmed,” Adley informed the invaders. 
There was a brief moment of silence before two soldiers stepped aside to let someone into the circle. Adley and her companions were shocked to see Nyx approaching. 
“Nyx?” Diana stated in disbelief. 
Nyx shifted her attention to her childhood acquaintance. “Diana,” she remarked apathetically before turning back to the rest of the group and asked, “Where are the Ancients?” 
“They left a few hours ago,” Amahle answered. 
Nyx sighed and turned back towards one of the soldiers. “This might take a bit. Go set up a perimeter around this village and wait,” she ordered, prompting the soldiers to fall out. Now that the grunts were gone, Nyx took the opportunity to make herself comfortable and sit down with the group. 
There was a brief moment of uncomfortable silence before Nyx finally spoke up. “Where did the Ancients go?” 
“They took Finn to the past to show him something,” Brook explained truthfully. 
“Interesting,” Nyx remarked while scanning the large group. She stopped when she spotted Marko, and a smirk appeared on her face. “Marcus, are you travelling solo, or is my niece with you?”
The question seemed to catch Marko off guard as he appeared a little nervous from being singled out. “Ah, no, I’m solo. Freya is home with the boys.”
Nyx’s smiled widened at the news. “Good, I was worried for a second.” 
“How do you two know each other?” Zaeris asked curiously. 
“She’s my aunt-in-law,” Marko explained. 
Nyx turned her attention to Zaeris, and her smile deepened. “And who might you be?” she asked the female Ifrit. 
“I’m Zaeris, and that’s my brother Zachariah,” the young woman explained while motioning to her brother sitting across from her. 
Nyx nodded knowingly. “Let me guess. You two hail from Qara?” 
“Yes,” Zaeris replied slowly, a little nervous by Nyx’s inference. 
Nyx then scanned the room for anyone she did not recognize and stopped at Yuki and Kori. “And you two must be from the Rishiri Sanctuary,” she deduced. Seeing the surprised look on their faces, Nyx knew her assumption was correct. “Were you foolish enough to bring the key with you?” 
Kori frowned and crossed his arms defensively while his back straightened. “That is none of your concern,” he warned Nyx. 
“I’ll take that as a yes,” Nyx murmured before moving on to the other two kin she did not know. She studied Amahle and Thato briefly before speaking. “I take it you two are inhabitants of this village?” 
Before Amahle and Thato could reply, gunshots and yelling echoed from just outside the village. Everyone stood up and looked out into the darkness. 
Even Nyx appeared surprised by the unexpected commotion. “What is happening?” she asked as she watched the flashes from the gunfire in the distance. 
After a few seconds, the noise started to diminish, and the group could spot the shadows of kin flying overhead. Six armed Undines and four Venti, primarily young adult males and females, touched down. The Undines all had similar features but varying coloured hair that ranged from mainly blue to black or bicoloured. Nyx recognized three of the Venti as associates of Victor’s clan. They were all holding various firearms and other weapons as they surrounded the group. The largest in the group was Jet, the Undine Nyx spotted with Victor over a week ago and the group's apparent leader. 
Nyx scowled at the interlopers and turned to Jet. “Did you just kill all my reinforcements?” 
Jet grinned. “They had to be neutralized. We couldn’t let them get the drop on us,” he explained before asking, “Where are the Ancients?”
“Get in line. They’re not here,” Nyx replied in annoyance. 
“Where are they?”
Nyx shrugged. “No clue.”
Jet scowled at the Aurora female. “Since when do you do grunt work for the Council? Don’t you have a company to run?”
Nyx crossed her arms defensively. “Who says I’m working for the Council?”
Jet laughed. “You think I don’t know about you?  My brother practically runs your company.”
“That’s a noteworthy overstatement,” Nyx remarked with an amused grin. “Funny though, he’s never mentioned you. I always assumed you were dead.”
“You’re not the only one,” Jet agreed. It looked like he was about to continue speaking when something in the distance caught his attention. 
Adley turned to see Nana, Oduda, and Finn approaching. Adley immediately noticed that the two elders no longer had the crown and sceptre they were wearing earlier. 
“I believe you are here for us,” Nana said as soon as they reached the crowd. 
Nyx slowly approached the elders and slightly lowered her head as a sign of respect. “I’ve come seeking your support and guidance.”
“No, don’t listen to her,” Jet intervened heatedly. “She is not your ally.”
Nyx turned to face Jet, scowling. “Says the man that slaughtered my supports upon arrival,” she retorted before turning back to the elders. 
Jet reached for his sword in anger as his team simultaneously raised their weapons, ready to strike. One Undine stepped towards the elders and Finn, prompting the cyborg to step in front of the elder females with his gun-armed raised.  
Seeing a gun pointed at Finn caused Brook to panic. “Finn! NO!” she screamed. 
One male Undine was about to shoot when Jet signalled for him to stop. “Finn?” Jet said in shock. He approached Finn, examining his son with a stunned expression. “It’s me, Jet. Your father.”
Finn lowered his weapon, equally surprised. “Dad? What are you doing here? What happened to you?” 
Jet smiled. “It’s a long story. We have much to catch up on,” he said, taking another step forward. “Your mother will be delighted to hear that you are alive.”
“Finn, are you going with him?” Brook interrupted. 
Finn stopped to think about it before turning back to Brook. “Yes,” he replied. 
Brook quickly approached her partner, unwilling to leave his side. “Then I’m coming with you.”
Jet smiled. “Marvellous,” he said before turning his attention back to Nana and Oduda. “We would be honoured if you both came with us.”
“Just one moment. Let us say goodbye,” Nana said to Jet before she and Oduda walked over towards Thato and Amahle. After they exchanged hugs, Nana turned to Thato. “Take everyone to the neighbouring Sanctuary and then bury the village. All remains must be destroyed before daylight when humans arrive. Follow Amahle’s instructions. I’ve already told her what to do.”
“I understand,” Thato said with a worried expression.
Nana smiled at her old friend before turning back to Jet. “Now, we are ready.”
Jet smiled. “That was easier than expected,” he said before scanning the group and stopping at Marko. Spotting the dagger strapped to Marko’s belt, Jet turned to the three Undines standing closest to him. “Search them. They have relics.”
The three males approached the group, searching each of them for kin antiquities. Marko had to use every ounce of willpower to restrain himself when one of them removed the dagger from his belt. His attention shifted to a commotion coming from across the fire. One of the Undines was trying to search Yuki, who was resisting. 
“No! Stop!” Yuki said as the male tried to grab the bag over her shoulder. “You can’t have it!” she yelled while holding the satchel tight. The two of them started to wrestle with the bag, prompting Yuki’s brother to intervene. 
“Don’t touch her!” Kori called while reaching for one of his sister’s muggers. Kory retrieved his knife, and the two males started fighting.
With everyone’s attention drawn to the fight, Marko decided to join in by jumping the Undine holding his dagger. The two of them also started fighting, prompting Nyx to rush a female Undine holding a gun.
Just as the fight was breaking out, Kori overpowered the Undine with a knife through the neck. Seeing an ally down, Jet rushed Kori in a fit of rage. Kori saw Jet coming and lunged towards the oncoming male. Gripping his weapon tight, Kori was about to impale Jet when a bullet suddenly stopped him. 
The sound of gunfire immediately caused the fighting to cease as everyone turned to look at Diana holding her firearm.  
“Kori!” Yuki called as she ran to her injured brother. 
“Thank you, sister,” Jet said with a smile. “We never would have gotten this far if it wasn’t for your assistance.”
Diana smiled. “Anytime,” she said as she pointed her gun at Yuki, who was on the floor holding her dying brother. “Give us the key, or you will meet the same fate,” she warned the female. 
Yuki did not move as one of the Undines searched her bag for the key. Diana then shifted her weapon towards Marko.
Marko scowled at the woman. “I can’t believe you are doing this,” he said, refusing to give up his weapon. 
“I don’t want to hurt you, Marko,” Diana warned. “Fraya would not want to see you killed over her dagger.”
Hearing Diana talk about his wife enraged Marko further. “After everything we’ve done for you, you’re going to kill me?” he demanded as he raised his weapon in a threatening manner. Marko was about to make a move before being stopped by a cautionary voice. 
“You better listen to her, Marko,” Axel warned. 
Marko turned around, mortified to see his twin pointing a gun at him. 
“Really? You too?” Marko asked, heartbroken by his brother’s betrayal. 
Axel’s face showed no emotion as he held out his hand. “Give me the dagger,” he ordered. 
Marko clenched his fists, trying not to let his anger cloud his judgment. His body shook as he fought the drive to lash out while trying to decide on the most rational move.   
As if sensing Marko’s struggle, Brook offered some guidance. “Give him the dagger, Marko,” she said, tears rolling down her eyes as she watched the scene before her. “It’s not worth your life.”
Agreeing with Brook, Marko sheathed the blade and threw it to the ground, not wanting to get any closer to his brother. 
“Is that all of them?” Jet asked his sister. 
 “No,” Diana replied before pointing her weapon at Nyx. “Her arm bracelet is also one.”
Nyx scowled as she removed her cuff bangle. “Bitch,” Nyx murdered as she handed her accessory over to the Venti closest to her. 
“Excellent,” Jet declared before looking around at his friends and family before turning to the elders. “Shall we go?”
Nana appeared upset but nodded slightly. 
“C’mon,” Jet said to the other Undines before taking off. The rest of the Undine group quickly followed their leader, followed by Finn, Brook, Diana, Axel, and the two elders. 
After watching the scene, Nyx let out a frustrated sigh. “What an infuriating turn of events,” she said before turning to Thato and Amahle. “Where are the Ancient’s relics?” she asked. “Were they smart enough to hid them somewhere, or did Jet’s clan get those as well?” she asked. 
Amahle shook her head regrettably. “Nana and Oduda keep their items with them at all times,” she lied. 
Nyx sighed and pulled out her phone, placing it to her ear. “The Undines took the Ancients and their relics,” she said before walking away to talk privately.
Adley and Zaeris rushed over to help Yuki tend to Kori with the aggressors gone, but he had already passed. Yuki was sobbing over her brother’s body as the two females approached to comfort her.  
Zachariah appeared frustrated with what had happened and turned to Thato and Amahle for answers. “I don’t understand why would Nana and Oduda leave with them? Even with their weapons, we could have easily taken them.”
“Everything Nana does is for a reason. You have to trust her,” Amahle explained before turning to Thato. “Go tell everyone to pack all valuables. We need to leave before sunrise.”
Thato nodded and left to alert the villagers. 
Meanwhile, Marko was too shocked to move as he stood ruminating over what just happened. He could not believe Diana and Axel’s betrayal. Marko wondered if this was part of their plan all along. He was furious at what they did and angry at himself for being so gullible.  
Seeing Marko looking distraught, Zaeris approached him. “I’m so sorry this happened to you, Marko,” she said sympathetically. “I can’t believe your brother would betray you like that.”
“And Diana was working with the enemy the entire time,” Adley added as she sat comforting Yuki. “I never would of guess she was a cold-blooded killer.”
“They had us all fooled,” Marko said soberly. He turned to Yuki grieving over her brother’s body. “I’m so sorry this happened,” Marko apologized as he kneeled next to his half-sister. “I will make sure they pay for what they did to Kori, and I will not rest until I get your family’s key back.” 
Yuki turned to look at Marko, tears still running down her face. “I’m coming with you. I’m the guardian of the key; protecting it is my responsibility.”
“How are we going to find them?” Adley wondered. “It’s not like we can track Brook and Finn. All our phones are dead.”
“They’re from the Mediterranean,” Zaeris explained. “Maybe they are going in that direction.”
“The Ifrit female is right,” Nyx said as she approached the group with her phone in hand. “Jet’s clan owns a chain of hotels in southern Italy and Greece. I assume that is where they are taking the Ancients.”
“Are you coming with us?” Adley asked Nyx. 
“No, but you’re welcome for the tip,” Nyx replied as she tried to hold back laughter. “Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have a flight to catch,” she explained before taking off into the night sky. 
With Nyx gone, Adley turned to her remaining travelling companions. “What do we do now?”
“It will take us days to fly to Italy,” Zachariah said. “If we leave now, maybe we can catch up with them.”
Marko shook his head. “No, we have to help Yuki bury Kori’s body, then we’ll go. Brook and Finn are with them. I trust they will do the right thing.”
“Of course,” Zaeris agreed. 
As everyone discussed their next move, Amahle approached Adley. “Before you go, you must come to the temple,” she whispered to the human so others would not hear. “There is something Nana and Oduda wanted you to have.” Adley nodded yes, and the two discreetly departed for the temple. 
There was a brief moment of silence before Zaeris’ watch beeped, signalling eleven o'clock. Knowing they had a long night ahead, very little was said as the weary group began to prep the body and help the villagers evacuate before sunrise. 




XII



August 18th, 2017


Dubai, United Arab Emirates

It was the morning of the reunion, and after weighing the options, the annual family conference was to commence in twelve hours. The clan booked the entire luxurious hotel for the grandiose occasion, with this get-together expected to surpass all previous gatherings in size attendees and festivities. Many of the attendees had arrived a day prior, while the more local guests anticipated to roll in throughout the day. 
Ulric, Greydon, and Malachi were sitting in the empty lounge discussing last-minute preparations. Greydon was Ultima’s son and Galvez’s twin. Unlike Galvez, a tall man who was fortunate to have maintained a youthful appearance and a head full of hair, Greydon was a short man who had not aged as gracefully as his brother. Although Greydon was only middle-aged, he had the appearance of a much older man due to his bald head with greyish-white hair along the sides and matching greyish-white beard.
Greydon was the current president of Ra-Shin, a South Koren company that started as a seafood processing business founded by a clan of Undines. To stay relevant and competitive, the company had to reinvent itself many times over the centuries. After Greydon and Galvez’s father passed away, the brothers shared control of the company for many years until Galvez relinquished his share once his children were born. Being single and childless, Greydon devoted his life to the company, turning it into the multi-billion dollar petroleum exploration and production company it was today. 
The three were discussing Ra-Shin’s recent mission. Having received an update from Kujo and Kurai hours earlier, Ulric filled Greydon in on the casualties sustained during the botched mission to secure the Ancients’ relics. Ulric looked exhausted with circles under his eyes and slight unattentiveness. 
Ulric’s news naturally perturbed Greydon. “This is unacceptable,” he said to his uncle and cousin, once removed. “My soldiers partook in half-dozen raids against hostile clans with not a single casualty. Nyx takes a unit on one recovery, and now I have eight death benefits to disburse. What the hell happened?”
 “Nyx was in the area and offered to help the twins with their assignment,” Ulric explained. “She has experience dealing with these Americans.”
Greydon frowned. “You don’t find the coincidence at all suspicious?”   
Ulric shook his head. “No, she’s investigating Aegis’ death and happened to be in the area. Malachi says she has questions for me.” 
Greydon looked intrigued by this news. “What kind of questions?”
“Nyx wants to know if grandfather purposely gave Victor a poisoned bottle of whisky,” explained Malachi. 
A surprised expression appeared on Greydon’s face. “Aegis died from a poisoned bottle of whisky you gave Victor?” he asked his Uncle in disbelief. “Was it intentional?”
“Of course not,” Ulric said with complete sincerity. “Poison is a coward’s recourse. If I wanted to kill someone, I would do it with my own two hands.” 
“Then what happened?” Greydon asked.
Ulric paused to think before responding. “I remember giving the bottle to Cyrene. It was Victor’s birthday, and I couldn’t let her visit empty-handed. That bottle had been sitting on my shelf for so long I can’t recall how I acquired it. You know I only used the stuff to entertain guests.”
“I never understood how Victor could drink that foul stuff,” Greydon remarked with a sour expression on his face. “Even I can appreciate a good wine or beer, but whisky, disgusting.”
Hearing Greydon’s comment, Ulric’s face shifted from a sudden thought. “Now that I think of it, the bottle I gave Victor might have been a bottle the Cooke Agency gifted me in New York.” Deep in thought, Ulric paused for a second before pointing to Greydon. “Weren’t you there?”
Greydon’s shifted slightly in his seat before he answered, “No.”
“I think you were,” Ulric corrected, trying to remember. He looked befuddled as he struggled to recall details from such a long time ago. “It must have been over two centuries ago, and we were on a business trip. The Cooke Agency delivered it to our hotel room after we signed on with them. I remember you making a similar comment about whisky when it arrived.”
Greydon smiled. “Yes, I remember now,” he said before his expression shifted slightly. “Are you sure that’s the bottle that you gave to Victor?” 
Ulric shook his head. “No, maybe not,” he said with a smile. “And why would the Cookes want us dead? We made that family a fortune.”
The three male’s intense discussion ended when Azriel entered the lounge, having just arrived in Dubai for the reunion. 
Ulric stood and smiled at the approaching Ifrit before motioning to an empty seat. “Azriel, I’m glad you could make it this time,” he greeted his longtime friend. “I take it that you received my message.”
“Yes, very upsetting to hear that the Undines still have my the journal and the dagger,” Azriel said, unimpressed. 
“Don’t worry,” Ulric reassured, still smiling. “Your grandchildren are entrusted with retrieving the journal and dagger. I have complete faith in their abilities.” 
“And what of the Ancient’s relics?” Azriel asked. 
“All in due time,” Ulric replied calmly.
Seeing that Ulric was not worried about the current situation had a calming effect on the Ifrit. “What do you know of the Ifrit that had my family’s dagger,” Azriel asked. 
“We already verified that he is of no significance,” Ulric explained. “Kujo has ensured his elimination so he won’t cause us any future issues.” 
Azriel smiled at the news. “Glad to hear,” he replied before changing the subject. “Now, where can I find my daughter and son-in-law?”
“They were staying in a room on this floor, but you’ll probably find them upstairs having breakfast,” Ulric explained before standing up in his chair. “I will escort you to them.” 
“I need to stop by my room first,” Azriel said while standing up. “I left Orit there to freshen up.”
Ulric and Azriel exited the lounge leaving Malachi and Greydon sitting across from each other. Although Greydon has been in Dubai over the last few days assisting with the reunion preparations, this was his first time alone with Malachi since Exodus’ death. There was a brief moment of awkward silence before Greydon finally spoke up. 
“So, any leads?” Greydon inquired, obviously referring to Exodus. 
“No,” Malachi replied. He was not in the mood to talk about his brother’s death and grew frustrated with it being the only topic of conversation lately. 
Not taking the hint, Greydon continued talking. “You know, just for the record, I never believed for one second that you murdered him. I was lucky to see Exodus a few days before he died. He had nothing but good things to say about you. Did he mention our dinner meeting?”
This information caught Malachi’s attention. It was the first hint Malachi received about his brother’s activities leading up to death. Malachi knew he needed to learn more about this meeting. “Ex mentioned having dinner with you,” he lied. “But he didn’t say to what it was pertaining.”
“Nothing major,” Greydon reassured Malachi with a grin. “I’m restructuring Ra-Shin and offered him an executive position in a department I’m establishing. You’re probably looking for some work now that Kafka has assumed your position. You can have the job if you're interested.”
Malachi frowned. “Kafka is only filling in temporarily.”
“My apologies,” Greydon said, realizing he hit a nerve. “I assumed the switch was permanent, but what do I know? I’m too busy running a company to keep track.” There was a brief moment before the older man's grin deepened. “I hope you find the culprit soon before it's too late.”
“What do you mean by too late?” Malachi questioned.
Greydon shrugged. “I heard that some members are talking about breaking tradition and voting early. They are growing weary of Ulric’s leadership.” 
“Breaking tradition?” Malachi laughed. “I highly doubt it. Considering your mother can’t even convince them to break an archaic and sexist rule, I doubt they would break any tradition lightly.”
“True,” Greydon agreed with a nod. “What I heard was probably someone venting in frustration. A lot of clans have been feeling betrayed lately.”
“Sounds like you’ve been talking to the Lunette clan,” Malachi remarked. “I can’t think of anyone in the Council who would feel outraged enough to want to vote early. They’ve shown nothing but loyalty to us. That’s why Victor’s coup failed.”
Greydon shook his head in disagreement. “Things are not as rosy as Ulric wants you to believe,” he warned. “I heard that a few clans are planning on contesting his leadership nomination.”
“You don’t think they’ll vote for me?” Malachi asked. 
“That won’t matter if you don’t clear your name.”
“Really? I didn’t know that,” Malachi said sarcastically. “Regardless, I’ll be reinstated once we find my brother’s murderer.”
“How long might that take?” Greydon asked. “Ulric has three years to convince the elders that his nomination is fit to lead.”
Malachi laughed. “And you think Kafka of all people is fit?” he asked snidely. 
“Well, he is Ulric’s firstborn grandson.”
 “Because his mother is a loon,” Malachi scoffed. “I’m the firstborn of Ulric’s firstborn and just as legitimate.” Malachi’s ire was apparent as he grew frustrated with the conversation. 
“That is true,” Greydon agreed, trying to calm the heated man. A second passed before the older male glanced at his watch. “I better get going. The limo is waiting downstairs. Mother’s flight is arriving soon, and she asked that I meet them at the airport.”
“Who’s joining her?” Malachi asked. 
“I believe your mom, Esther, and a few from Oncheon Sanctuary,” Greydon replied. “Cyrene arrived last night and Sophia this morning.”
Malachi rolled his eyes. “Oh, this will be another fun reunion,” he said cynically. “Grandfather should have taken Nyx’s advise and cancelled.”
“He was considering it,” Greydon remarked. “But I explained that cancelling now would be a sign of weakness. That’s what Victor wants, and we can’t let him win.”
“Maybe this is what Victor wants. Nyx said that he was targeting the reunion,” Malachi retorted.  
Greydon appeared unfazed by the warning. “Ulric has nothing to worry about,” he reassured the junior. “Ra-Shin is in charge of security. I have everything covered.” Greydon glanced at his watch for the second time and jumped up from his seat. “I must go. See you at the dinner,” he said before quickly leaving. 
Malachi sat alone in the lounge as he pondered everything Greydon said. Something about the conversation did not sit right with him, causing an uneasy feeling to grow in the pit of his stomach. Malachi knew that speaking to his grandfather was the only way to put his mind at ease, so he left to find the patriarch.
Since Ulric left with Azriel to find Zoelle, Malachi figured he should start with the dining room on the top floor. Malachi turned the corner and was shocked to find Cyrene standing alone at the elevator. Cyrene was a petit woman with long silver hair and pale grey eyes. She was wearing a tight, white backless dress that some might consider was way too revealing for her age, but he had to admit it looked good on her.
Cyrene smiled upon seeing her nephew. “Oh, Malachi, it’s so good to see you,” she said as she approached the man to give him a tight hug. “I’m so sorry to hear about Exodus. It breaks my heart to see such a good man taken from us too soon.”
Malachi cringed inwardly as the woman embraced him. A wave of relief rushed over him when she finally released. Malachi was preoccupied with finding his grandfather and did not have time for false pleasantries with his least favourite aunt. 
“How are you holding up?” Cyrene asked with a concerned expression. “I heard my sister is beside herself, naturally. I couldn’t imagine what she is going through. If there is anything you need, you can always come to Aunt Cyrene.”
“Thanks,” Malachi murmured as he tried not to vomit in disgust. 
The elevator door opened, prompting Cyrene to turn to Malachi. “Are you going up?” she asked. “I’m going to meet Kafka for brunch. You are welcome to join us.”
“No. I’m going to my room,” Malachi lied. “I might head up later.”
Cyrene smiled at her nephew. “Well, the offer is open if you change your mind,” she said before stepping into the elevator. 
Not wanting to join his aunt in the elevator, Malachi continued down the hall towards the stairs. He made a mental note to avoid the dining hall for the next hour or two and hoped he would find his grandfather elsewhere. Malachi was slightly relieved when he turned the corner to find his aunt Sophia and Gaddiel. Sophia’s husband was an Ifrit leader to a large clan in Morocco and the father of Gabriel and Gillies. He was tall and built like Gabriel but had a head of crimson red hair, slightly darker than Gillies’. 
Sophia smiled upon seeing her nephew. “Malachi, it’s so good to see you. Isn’t this venue incredible? It was such a good idea to have the reunion here.”
“I was hesitant about having it somewhere new,” Gaddiel added, “but this is much nicer than the castle. Well worth the extra distance.”
“I’m glad you’re enjoying it,” Malachi replied before changing the subject. “Have you seen my grandfather?” 
“He went to the rooftop to meet Byleiptr and Lyn,” Sophia replied. 
Malachi was baffled by this news. “Why did he invite them?” 
“You didn’t know?” Gaddiel asked. “He arranged to have a Council meeting before dinner to vote on Ultima’s motion.”
“What’s wrong, Malachi?” asked Sophia, noticing his troubled expression. “Byleiptr’s clan comes to every year. They’re family.”
“But Victor might be targeting the reunion,” Malachi explained. “Lyn is Victor’s sister-in-law. She could be helping them plan an attack.”
“Are Lyn and Pandora even on speaking terms?” Sophia asked the males. 
“You could ask the same about Pandora and Victor,” Gaddiel quipped. “I heard Pandora moved out after what happened at last year’s reunion.”
“Even if it is true, don’t underestimate that couple,” Malachi warned. “Pandora will always be a Lunette.”
“What could Victor have planned?” Sophia asked. “The Council already rejected him once.”
“He’s such as fool,” Gaddiel remarked. “If he had just waited three years, he could have taken his chances at the tribunal.”
“Maybe he knew he could not win against my father’s nomination,” Sophia suggested.
“I’m going to speak to him. We have to be on guard for any suspicious activities,” Malachi said before making his way towards the staircase. 
Malachi proceeded up the stairs. He ascended three levels to the rooftop, where two Ra-Shin security guards were standing by the exit. Nodding to the security, he walked out to find his grandfather standing near a helicopter that had just landed. Byleiptr and Lyn stepped out of the aircraft, each holding one piece of luggage. 
Byleiptr was a hefty Aurora with broad shoulders, thin facial hair, and chin-length golden locks. He was the leader of a cluster of clans scattered around Norway and Sweden. His wife Lyn was a tall Venti with braided light blue hair, pale blue eyes, and a brown complexion. She hailed from a large Venti clan known for its fertile women, herself being the mother of two sets of Aurora quadruplets, all adults with their own families. 
Ulric greeted the couple upon departure of the aircraft. “How was your journey?”
“Fine,” Byleiptr replied as he approached the host. “We spent the night with some friends in Dammam to break it up a little.”
“The helicopter over was nice, but that jet out of Stockholm yesterday was hell,” Lyn corrected as they walked towards the rooftop entrance. 
Ulric smiled when he spotted his grandson standing at the entrance waiting for him. “Malachi, how are the preparations going?”
Malachi did not return the smile. “Fine,” he informed his grandfather. “When you have a moment, I would like to talk to you about something important.”
“Of course, I’ll meet you in the lounge in thirty minutes,” Ulric replied before turning to his guests. “Let me show you two around,” he offered as he held open the door for the couple. “I hope you and the rest of your clan will enjoy this year’s accommodations. They have a five-star spa.” 
Ulric exited the rooftop with Byleiptr and Lyn leaving Malachi standing alone on the rooftop. With only thirty minutes until his meeting, Malachi decided to wait in the lounge. He walked back down two flights of stairs and into the room that contained a few more patrons now that was nearing noon. 
In one corner of the room, Slater was sitting in a circler booth with two female Undines. The young women had similar physical traits with olive skin, dark blue hair, and bright blue eyes shining like sapphires. They sat across the older man listening to his every word and laughing loudly. 
On the other side of the room sat brothers Gillies and Gabriel in the same booth Malachi was sitting in earlier. Malachi decided to avoid Slater’s little fan club and join his sibling cousins. 
Gabriel motioned to the approaching Malachi prompting Gillies to move over and make room in the booth. 
“How are the preparations going?” Gabriel asked Malachi with a grin. Both brothers were smiling like there was some kind of inside joke unknown to Malachi. 
“Why do people keep asking me about preparations when I have no idea what is going on,” Malachi grumbled as he dropped down in the seat. 
“What’s wrong?” Gabriel asked. 
“Did you know that our grandfather invited the whole damn Council?” Malachi asked his cousins. 
“Yeah. So?” Gillies replied. 
“Not the best idea when we have enemies plotting against us,” Malachi explained, looking stressed. “Nyx said that Victor was targeting the reunion. At the very least, he should have limited it to the immediate family.”
“And you believe Nyx?” Gillies retorted. “She probably made the story up in an attempt to cancel it.”
Malachi rolled his eyes at Gillies’ cynicism. Gillies was never a big fan of Nyx, but he seemed to have developed a noticeable grudge since his return from New York. 
“Either way, this is not the time to be taking chances,” Malachi grumbled. 
“He’s doing this for you, you know,” Gabriel informed Malachi. “He thought if the Council was able to see how supportive we still are of you, they might reconsider your suspension.”
“I think he was also hoping we would have the culprit caught by now,” Gillies added. 
Malachi was about to respond to Gillies’ comment when he was distracted by the sound of the two females laughing at something Slater said on the other side of the room. Malachi looked up at the unknown Undines and then looked at his cousins. “Who are those girls with Slater?”
“They’re friends of Darya,” Gabriel replied. “I guess she didn’t want to come alone.”
“Why?” Malachi asked. “Her and Laszlo having a fight or something?”
Gabriel shook his head. “I don’t think so. I was talking to her briefly when she arrived with Ultima and the others. It sounded like Laszlo left on a trip. Her demeanour was abnormal, though, like she was distracted by something.”
“Maybe she knows Laszlo and Victor are planning something,” Gillies suggested. “He is a Lunette.”
“We’re in no position to start accusing everyone based solely on bloodline,” Malachi corrected. “Laszlo is not a member of the council and had no involvement in Victor’s mutiny. Considering our linkages, we can’t go around banning every family member for the actions of a few.”
“Still, who’s to say that Victor didn’t get to them?” Gillies asked his cousin. “You said that he might target the reunion. If that is true, we need to be open to any possibility.”
Malachi nodded. “True, but we need to be sure. We can’t start tossing accusations at our relatives without any proof. Trust me. I know how it feels.”
“Don’t you think it’s a coincidence that Victor attempted to turn the Council against Grandfather around the same time Exodus died?” Gabriel wondered. 
“Of course I do,” Malachi replied. “But that doesn’t necessarily mean he caused Ex’s death.”
“Who else could it be?” Gillies asked. “Victor had the most to gain from the chaos and your suspension.”
“I heard it might be someone closer to our clan,” Malachi explained. 
“Then back to my earlier comment about suspecting those with ties to the Lunette clan,” Gillies reiterated. 
“Maybe, but I’m considering everyone a suspect,” Malachi replied. “It’s the only way to avoid being caught off guard tonight.”
“You think they are going to target the banquet?” Gabriel asked.  
Malachi nodded. “If they are going to strike, yes. Tonight will be the only time this weekend where everyone will be together for an extended period. Ideal for taking us all out.”
“I think it would be near impossible,” Gillies replied. “With Greydon supplying the security and everyone in attendance, they would need a small army to take us all out.”
“The security seems to be doing a good job,” Gabriel added. “I saw them searching everyone entering, no exceptions. Ultima looked pissed when they started looking through her bag.”
Malachi shook his head in disagreement. “There are many non-physical ways to take down a large group or person. Look at what happened to Ex.”
“I guess you’re right,” Gillies agreed, then turned to his brother. “Did the twins say anything to you about their poison being responsible for Ex’s death?”
“It’s more what they didn’t say,” Gabriel replied with a grin. “Those two are tricky but easy to read if you ask the right questions and stoke their egos a little. Especially Kujo, I had him eating out of my hands by the end.”
“What did he say?” Malachi asked eagerly. 
“He essentially confirmed that one of their products likely poisoned Ex,” Gabriel explained. “Kujo said one of their test samples went missing a long time ago, but he had no idea who took it. He said it happened so long ago they assumed it would never turn up.”
“That’s not what Kurai told me,” Malachi said. “She said they gave a sample to one of our senior relatives for testing a long time ago.”
Gillies glowered. “And she wouldn't tell you who? What a bitch.”
“It’s probably Kafka,” suggested Gabriel in a low voice so Slater could not hear. “If not him, then likely his mother.”
“Not Kafka,” Malachi replied. “I believed Kurai when she said that it wasn’t a cousin.”
“I agree with Gabriel. It’s probably Cyrene,” Gillies said to Malachi. “Who else would benefit from Ex’s death and your suspension from the Council?”
“Maybe,” Malachi mumbled as he pondered his conversation with Kurai. There was something about the way she was acting that did not sit right with him. It was like his cousin wanted to tell him, but something was preventing her. Kurai was loyal to the clan, but he doubted that she would keep a secret of this magnitude for Cyrene. Malachi knew it had to be someone with more pull, someone who had leverage over her. As he tried to think, there was something Greydon said earlier he could not shake. 
“Did you two hear anything about Greydon restructuring Ra-Shin?” Malachi asked his cousins. 
“I heard Ultima mention that Greydon was looking to move away from petroleum,” Gabriel replied. “Given the price of oil over the last year, he thinks he should diversify.”
“What is he going to do now?” Malachi asked. 
“No clue,” Gabriel replied. “Ultima would know. She’s on Ra-Shin’s board of directors.”
“I heard that he might move to pharmaceuticals,” Gillies remarked with a smile. “Give Nyx a run for her money.”
Gabriel shook his head at his brother’s suggestion. “I doubt it. Omicron is the flagship corporation and one of the most profitable. If anything, the Council will want to diversify. I heard they were looking into armament manufacturing, but I’m not sure if that has anything to do with Ra-Shin.”
The males’ conversation ended when Ulric entered the lounge looking for Malachi. Spotting his three grandsons, the patriarch approached their table and sat down in the empty seat next to Gabriel. 
“That was a quick tour,” Malachi remarked, noticing that it has only been fifteen minutes since he spoke to his grandfather on the rooftop. 
“We ran into Ultima and Esther,” Ulric replied. “Lyn and Esther are friends, so they all decided to tour the hotel together.” He then turned to Malachi. “What was this important matter you wanted to discuss?”
“What kind of security do you have for the banquet?” Malachi asked, knowing that would be the most likely target.
Ulric smiled knowingly. “The banquet will be fine,” he reassured his grandson. “Our intel suggests that Victor and his allies are too preoccupied with our diversion to attempt anything. Still, we did take precautions. Only authorized guests are permitted access to the upper floors, and Greydon has provided extra security for the entire weekend.” 
“But Victor’s allies expand beyond a clan of Undines,” Malachi countered. “His familial connections run deep.”
“What are you getting at?” Ulric asked with a raised eyebrow. 
“We can’t ignore the fact that Victor might have loyalties within the Council and our clan,” Malachi replied. 
Ulric appeared surprised by Malachi’s insinuation. “Have you established any suspects?”
“No,” Malachi replied. “But it has been suggested that my brother’s murderer is someone close to us.”
“I find that hard to believe,” Ulric said, shaking his head. “That’s a serious accusation. I certainly hope you are receiving this information from a reputable source.”
“You shouldn’t trust everything you hear,” Gillies cautioned his cousin. “They could be telling you that to sow doubt and mistrust.” 
“Our clan is nothing but loyal,” Ulric added, sounding aggravated. “There is not one person here I wouldn’t trust with my life.”
“I wonder if my brother said the same of his murderer,” Malachi snapped. “You’re a fool if you ignore the possibility of a traitor amongst us. Lyn’s sister is a Lunette, and Darya is married to one. Not to mention that Esther has slept around with them, and Cyrene will stop at nothing to claw her way to the top.”
Beads of sweat started to form on Ulric’s brow as he clenched his right fist in anger and slammed it on the table. “Leave my daughters out of this,” he warned through gritted teeth. Ulric was agitated and looking weary. There was a brief pause as he took a deep breath to calm down before continuing. “I understand you are still grieving, Malachi, but you need to have proof before making accusations.” The patriarch stood up and looked around at his grandsons. “Now, if you will excuse me. I don’t have time for your unfounded paranoia.” 
With Ulric gone, there was a brief moment of silence before Gillies finally spoke up. “Wow, Malachi, I don’t think I’ve ever seen our grandfather that shaken. I guess the pressure is starting to get to him.”
Malachi sighed and stood up. “I’m going to my room,” he declared before exiting the lounge.
This time Malachi decided to take the elevator down to his floor. As he approached his room, he heard the sound of a door unlock, followed by his mother entering the hallway.     
“There you are,” Adonia said as she rushed over to embrace her son. “How are you doing? I heard you’ve been a little frazzled.”
“Who told you that?” Malachi asked with a frown.
“Greydon mentioned it on our ride from the airport,” Adonia replied with a concerned look. “He said the preparations are causing you some anxiety. Everyone would understand if you took a back seat this year.”
“If I did that, there might not be one next year,” Malachi explained. “I can’t shake the feeling that someone is going to try something at the banquet tonight, but my warnings have been falling on deaf ears.”
Adonia looked saddened by this news. “My poor Malachi,” she said sympathetically. She looked like she was about to say something but stopped when she heard the noise of a door close in the distance, followed by footsteps. “Come to my room so we can talk privately,” she said in a low voice. 
Malachi followed his mother to her hotel room at the end of a quiet hall one floor down. It was a similar suite with a king-sized bed, a small kitchenette, and double doors leading to a large balcony. 
“My father has always been stubborn,” Adonia said as she placed her purse down on the table. “What do you think is going to happen?” 
“Not sure,” Malachi replied. “Nyx warned that Victor plans to target the reunion, and Kurai seemed to hint that Ex’s murderer could be someone from our clan. When I tried to remind him that there are people at the reunion with dual loyalties, he became angry. He doesn’t want to accept that a few close to him would benefit from his downfall. How can he be so blinded by love for this daughter that he can’t even be suspicious of Cyrene after everything she has done?”
Adonia nodded in agreement. “I agree that my father may be too trusting when it comes to our allies, but he’s right to trust family,” she reassured her son. “I would trust all my sisters with our father’s life, even Cyrene.  Although my twin may be a power-hungry loon, I know she would never hurt him, especially since she needs his endorsement if she wants her son to be the next leader.”
Malachi was surprised by this news. “I thought if grandfather died, Kafka would be the next in line.”
Adonia shook her head no. “If the Council's leader dies, the oldest male heir would assume the position until the next tribunal. Kafka is not the oldest male in our clan. That’s why he would need an endorsement to become the next leader. The tribunal is the only time a non-elder can become the Council leader, but they have to be nominated by an elder and pass the trial to demonstrate their worth. That’s why it only happens every one thousand and ten years.”
This news put a wrench in Malachi’s theory that Cyrene and her offspring were plotting against Ulric. “Then who would be next in line after grandfather?” Malachi wondered. 
Adonia paused for a quick second to think. “Hmm, Greydon and Galvez are the oldest living males after my father, so I guess it would be Greydon since he’s firstborn.”
“Then Greydon would benefit the most from grandfather’s death,” Malachi mused. 
Adonia laughed. “Greydon is too busy running a multi-billion-dollar corporation. He doesn’t have time to lead the Council. And that may all change soon. If the Council votes to pass Ultima’s motion, then the oldest living relative will be next in line, regardless of the sex.”
“That would push Greydon way down the succession line,” noted Malachi. 
“I hope they get rid of that rule,” Adonia remarked. “Not because I want to be a leader. That law is such an archaic human concept, and it has nothing to do with our culture. One redeeming quality about our ancestors was that they have always been about equality between the sexes. Now that I think of it, all the rules are outdated. We could certainly do away with all the emphasis on being firstborn. That undoubtedly contributed to Cyrene’s resentfulness towards me.”
“Would she be resentful enough to work with Victor?” Malachi asked. 
Adonia paused and shrugged her shoulders. “I guess anything is possible with her. But how do you know that my father is even the target?” she asked. “If Victor wanted to destroy my father, he would target one of us. Victor knows that family is everything to him. That must be why they killed my poor Exodus. He was completely innocent.”
“I think the poisonings of Ex and Aegis are linked, but I can’t find any connection between Ex’s death and the Lunette clan,” Malachi explained. “I trust Nyx’s warning that Victor will try something tonight.”
“I won’t put anything past Victor and his clan. If you think they’re planning something, you should trust your instincts,” Adonia replied. “But don’t be so narrow-minded. There are more effective ways to take out our clan than killing my father.”
Malachi signed in frustration. “You’re right. I need to consider all possibilities.”
Sensing her son’s turmoil, Adonia approached and gave him a comforting hug. “Don’t worry, if someone is going to target our clan, I’m sure you’ll get to the bottom of it,” she said before ending the embrace. “Are you hungry? I was going to meet Ultima and some of my sisters for lunch.”
Malachi shook his head. “No, I’m going to my room to rest and think for a bit.”
“I understand. You had a busy week,” Adonia said as she retrieved her purse and exited the room. She said goodbye to her son before departing for the elevator. 
Malachi’s mind was racing as he walked to his suite. He did not want to believe that they had a traitor in his family, but he could not shake his conversations with Nyx and Kurai. As someone who often said what she was thinking with blunt apathy, Kurai was not one to hold her tongue. To watch her dance around something she wanted to disclose was uncharacteristic, and Malachi knew it had something to do with the poisonings. Not even Kurai’s mother could wield such sway over her, and the only individuals he could think of were their grandaunt and grandfather. But Ultima and Ulric would never betray their clan, so there had to be a piece of the puzzle that Malachi was missing. 
With less than six hours until the dinner, Malachi contemplated his next move. A wave of exhaustion came over him as soon as he sat down on the soft bed. He wanted to take a nap but could not ignore the nagging questions consuming his thoughts. Unable to rest, Malachi stood up and left to find Ultima.  
Malachi entered the elevator to take him to the large dining area surrounded by glass windows allowing the bright light to illuminate the room. The only non-kin were the waitstaff that walked around, seemingly unfazed by the sight of the diners’ wings and hair. 
The room was the location of tonight’s banquet and took up most of the entire floor. It contained an assortment of tables, booths, and large floor vases for decoration, with some containing plants. The glass doors towards the back of the room led to a balcony where people could eat or socialize outside. On the opposite end of the massive terrace was another large room containing the lounge, bar, and dancefloor. 
Malachi glanced around at all the familiar faces of extended family and old acquaintances as he walked through the open room. Many of the Council members were seated at various tables having lunch with their families. He spotted Zoelle eating with her brother Zenos and his family. His wife had finally given birth a few days ago to a healthy boy. Sitting neck to her niece, Zoelle cuddled with her newborn nephew so the mother could eat. They all nodded to Malachi as he quickly made eye contact, but he did not bother to say hi as he scanned the large room while walking around. 
The sight of Cyrene and Greydon talking outside on the balcony caught Malachi’s attention, but he continued scanning the room in search of his mother and Ultima. He spotted the table of females on the far end and proceeded towards them. 
Adonia smiled upon seeing her son. “Malachi, I’m glad you could make it,” she said as Malachi approached the circular table containing Sophia, Ultima, Esther, and Darya.
Darya stood out the most amongst the table full of Venti. As an Undine, she had long navy blue hair loosely tied up in a bun, similar coloured wings, and dark blue eyes. Darya was the youngest adult of the group with a youthful complexion that almost appeared flawless if it were not for the barely visible scar across her neck. 
Esther stood up to fetch another chair for Malachi between her and Adonia. 
“Cyrene’s not joining you for lunch?” Malachi remarked to the three sisters as he sat down.
“No, she just finished brunch with Kafka,” Sophia replied. “But she said she’d come over for tea in a little.” 
“Where did Kafka go?” Malachi asked. 
“He left to go find our father,” Esther explained. “I think they are in the lounge discussing tonight’s dinner.”
Sophia’s eyes brightened at the mentioning of dinner. “I can’t wait,” she declared. “I heard he flew in chef Quina. Gaddiel and I ate at her restaurant the last time we visited Paris. Her food is amazing.”
Darya smiled and nodded. “Laszlo and I went for my birthday three years ago,” she explained. “They had the best chocolate souffle I’ve ever tasted.”
“Is Laszo here with you?” Sophia asked.
Darya shook her head. “No, he had some business to take care of overseas.”
Ultima smiled. “Darya and Laszo finally found the location of their daughters,” she explained to her nieces and Malachi. “He left for Manhattan to retrieve them.”
Sophia looked surprised by the good news. “I’m so happy for you,” she said to her great-niece with a smile. “How did you find them?”
“The strangest thing,” Ultima answered. “Nyx found them and called me. She said Diana was in New York hiding underground the whole time.”
“That bitch deserves to die for what she did,” Adonia declared. “What kind of woman takes infants from their mother?”
“She is disturbed, to say the least,” Ultima agreed, frowning. “With the bounty on her head, I was surprised she lasted this long.”
“Has anyone collected?” Sophia asked, intrigued. 
“No, but the twins know where she is,” Ultima explained. “I’m sure they can put the money to good use with the new department they are heading at Ra-Shin.”
Hearing Ultima mention the new department piqued Malachi’s interest in the conversation that up to that point had been excruciatingly dull. “Greydon mentioned that he was forming a new department earlier. What kind exactly?”
“He is looking to faze out of the oil business and move on to weapon manufacturing,” Ultima replied. “He says the twins’ talents provide a niche market worth millions.”
Esther appeared a little confused by this news. “I thought our father didn’t want to risk anyone getting a hold of their work.”
“Greydon and my brother were supposed to talk about it this weekend,” Ultima replied. “Plus, not all of their work is malicious and destructive; some have healing and humanitarian uses. I never understood why Nyx didn’t want to hire them for Omicron. They would have given David and his vita-serum a run for its money.”
“I heard David Gates died,” Sophia remarked. 
“Yes,” Ultima replied. “Nyx discovered that he was breaching their contract and selling the serum for personal gain. As you know, she is not one you want to cross.” 
As Ultima and Sophia talked, Malachi’s mind was racing. He had a nagging feeling that Greydon and the twin’s new endeavour was the missing key. The twins have always felt that Ulric and the Council stifled their talents, so they would not want to risk the opportunity to branch out. 
Everything was starting to make sense to Malachi. Greydon’s deal with the twins could explain why Kurai was so reluctant to say anything. There was no way she would risk jeopardizing something she had wanted for centuries. If that were true, it could mean that Greydon was the senior clan Kurai mentioned.  
Malachi abruptly stood up and looked towards the balcony, but he could not see Greydon, only Cyrene smoking while taking in the scenery. 
Malachi looked down at his dinner companions, who were all silent and looking up at him. “My apologies, but I need to go,” he said to the females before walking towards the glass doors and onto the balcony. 
Cyrene smiled once she noticed Malachi approach. “I was just about to join my sisters inside,” she explained while butting the smoke in the ashtray. 
“Where’s Greydon?” Malachi asked eagerly.
“He’s meeting with Kafka,” Cyrene replied. 
“Where?” 
“Why do you need him?” 
“It’s important,” Malachi replied. 
“They’re busy dealing with an urgent matter that came up concerning the banquet,” Cyrene said with a grin. “What could be more important than that?”
Malachi was growing frustrated with his aunt’s obstruction. Realizing he was going to have to explain his urgency, Malachi decided to tell the truth. His mother did say that Cyrene would not want to harm their father. His mother said Kafka benefited more with Ulric alive, so Malachi assumed his aunt would be eager to help if she knew the truth. 
“I need to talk to Greydon about the work he is doing with the twins,” Malachi explained. “Kurai gave him some of their venticide to test. I think that’s what he used on my brother.”
Despite the sunglasses covering her eyes, Malachi could tell that Cyrene looked shocked by the news. 
“That is disturbing news,” Cyrene declared. “But I doubt he would do such a thing. What reason would he have to poison your brother?”
“I’m not sure yet,” Malachi replied honestly. “That’s why I must speak with him.”
Cyrene paused for a second to consider the request. “I’ll take you to him,” she said before retrieving her purse off a chair and walking towards the glass door leading back into the hotel.
Malachi followed his aunt into the elevator and down two floors.  
Cyrene reached into her purse to retrieve a sunglass case and her keycard. “I said they could use my room to talk in private,” Cyrene said as she approached her hotel room door. She scanned the card to allow Malachi entry. 
Malachi entered the massive suite and looked around, but the room was empty. He was about to turn around to say something to his aunt when he felt the sharp pain of something pricking the back of his neck. He quickly turned around and was surprised to find Cyrene holding a syringe in her hand. Shocked, Malachi reached behind his neck and felt something wet. He looked at the small amount of blood and clear liquid on his hand and turned to his aunt. 
“What are you doing?” Malachi demanded as a lightheaded feeling started to overtake him, and a tingling sensation travelled down his arms. His legs began to weaken and finally collapsed under him after he tried to clench his leg muscles. 
“I heard you might be closing in,” Cyrene said while placing the syringe back in the case Malachi mistook for a sunglass case. “Don’t worry. It isn't lethal. I believe it’s Kujo’s signature, so it should only incapacitate you for nineteen to twenty-four hours.”
Malachi tried with all his might to move, but his body was numb and his limbs heavy. Even his face felt paralyzed, but he remained conscious.  All Malachi could do was look up at his aunt from his position on the floor. “Why are you doing this?” he demanded, baffled by Cyrene’s actions. 
“I can’t allow anyone to uncover the truth,” Cyrene replied. “Don’t take it personally, but my Kafka will never have a chance at Council leader if they reinstate you.”
“What are you going to do?” Malachi demanded.
“You know, I wouldn’t have to do any of this if my father wasn’t so stubborn,” Cyrene said in frustration, ignoring Malachi’s question. “He’s so fixated on the first-born he’s ignored everything I’ve done for him! He’s such a hypocrite! You and Cyrene take for granted everything handed to you. He’s going to learn the hard way that he can’t stifle me forever.”
“But if he dies, Greydon becomes council leader,” Malachi retorted while struggling to look up at her from his position on the floor. 
Cyrene grinned. “Only for the next three years,” she explained as she approached the bar to retrieve a bottle of water. “Greydon adores me. After everything I’ve done for him, I know he’ll return the favour and nominate my son for the tribunal.”
“How do you expect to get away with this? You are going to lose everything in this futile power struggle with your sister!” Malachi exclaimed angrily, but it was becoming more difficult to speak. “They are meeting right now to vote on Ultima’s motion. If it passes, your plan fails.”
Cyrene smiled. “If it passes,” she remarked while retrieving her purse by the exit and turning to look down at Malachi.  “You look exhausted. Why don’t you take the time to get some rest? It should all be over in a few hours,” Cyrene added before exiting the room. 
“Cyrene!” Malachi tried to yell, but his weakening body hindered his vocal strength.  His mind raced as he tried to look around for anything that could help, but he could no longer move his head. As Malachi lay on the floor, his facial muscles became heavy. Even his tongue felt numb as the dizzy sensation overpowered him, and he slowly drifted asleep. 
 
ΟΟΟΟΟΟΟ

Inside an elegant hotel boardroom, twelve Council members sat around a large table. The upper chamber of the Council contained one elder from each clan and a delegate of their choosing. Fourteen chairs circled the solid wood table, the two empty seats representing the recently expelled Lunette clan.
At the head of the table sat Ulric and Kafka. Next to Ulric was elder Gaddiel and his son, Gabriel, followed by Byleiptr next to his wife. Ultima sat at the opposite end of the table, representing her late husband's clan with her son Greydon by her side. Elder Azriel sat on the other side of the table next to his daughter Zoelle. Azriel’s wife and leader of the Alexandrian clan, Orit, sat nearby with their son Zenos. Orit was a petite Aroura woman with mostly jet black hair flowing down her back under four long locks of golden hair that zigzagged at the ends. 
Since its formation thousands of years ago, the Council had always consisted of seven allied clans, an upper chamber, and an elected head, currently Ulric, who was second only to their divine leader, referred to as the Primum Mobile or PM for short. To be selected as Council chief, the candidate must be a firstborn male and demonstrate to the upper chamber that his lineage is the strongest before facing the PM. Four families remained from the original seven clans that formed the Council many millennia ago.
The founders initially established the delegate role for symbolic reasons due to the significance duality had in kin culture.  Each clan used the delegate position for personal benefits. For some elders, it was having a trusted partner or offspring by one’s side, while for others, it was the opportunity to groom the next potential chief. Since the criteria for Council head was so strict and only changed every thousand and ten years, few elders picked a delegate with dominance aspirations. 
The emergency assembling of clans had just commenced as Ulric addressed the chamber. 
“I know you are all anxious to start the festivities, so we will keep this discussion quick and semi-casual,” Ulric explained to the restless group. “Shall we jump right to nominations for the vacancy, or is there any old business we would like to address?” Ulric asked the group. 
“We were to discuss Ultima’s motion at our next quarterly meeting,” Orit noted. “Should we just vote on that now?”
“I thought you only called us here to fill the vacancy,” Byleiptr objected. “Lyn and I have spa appointments soon.”
“I also think we should wait,” Greydon agreed. “Such an unprecedented vote should have all seven clans present.”
Ulric nodded his head in agreement. “Okay, let's vote,” he said before asking the group. “All in favour of voting on Ultima’s motion now?”
Orit, Zoelle, Gabriel, and Ultima raise their hands in support of the motion, but they were short of the votes needed.
Ulric tried to hide his satisfaction as he scanned the table. “All in favour of waiting until our quarterly meeting to vote on Ultima’s motion?”
Ulric and the remaining seven raised their hands, providing the majority needed to stop the motion. 
Appearing pleased with the results, Ulric cleared his throat and wiped his sweaty brow before moving on to the more pressing matter. “Shall we commence deliberations on filling the vacancy?” he asked the group.
 Some senior members turned to Byleiptr, wondering if he would contest the vacancy or find an excuse to prevent the vote. It was no secret that Byleiptr had close ties to Victor and was envious of Ulric’s sway over the Council. To gain any advantage strategically, Byleiptr would need to nominate an allied clan. Unfortunately for Byleiptr, Ulric's loyalties meant that any suggestion Byleiptr made would likely not secure enough votes. At the very least, everyone knew Byleiptr would try to ensure that the appointment provided no advantage to Ulric by voting against him, but unbeknownst to them, Ulric was counting on it this time. 
Hearing no objections from the chamber caused Ulric to smile and asked, “Who would like to start the nominations?”
Ultima was the first to make a suggestion. “I nominate elder Jojo of the Oncheon Sanctuary,” she declared. “Bringing in another Undine might give us a more diverse  perspective.”
“I nominate elder Ali,” said Azriel. “His clan in Cairo was an asset during our latest mission. If it weren’t for them, we would not have succeeded.”
“I second Azriel’s nomination,” Orit declared, siding with her husband. 
Since it was only one nominee per clan, Greydon could not formally recommend a candidate, but that did not prevent this unorthodox move.  
“May I make a suggestion,” Greydon interjected. “I would like to recommend elder Jet and the Undine clan of the Greek Isles.”
Ulric frowned at the suggestion. “Why would you make such a recommendation? They are allied with the Lunette clan and the sole reason we lost the Ancients’ relics!”
“But if we offer his clan the seat on condition they give us the Ancients and severs ties with Victor, we weaken Victor in the process,” Greydon argued. 
“How sure are you that he would want to join?” Ultima asked.
Ulric turned to his sister, scowling. “Don’t tell me you are considering it,” he asked Ultima.  
Ultima smirked, no doubt enjoying the role reversal after her brother failed to vote with her earlier.  “My son has a point. We could benefit from their allegiance. Therefore, I would like to rescind my previous nomination and nominate Jet’s clan in its place.”
“They broke into al-Azhar, attacked my clan, and stole family heirlooms,” Azriel said in objection. “I cannot support their nomination.” 
Greydon grinned. “Shall we vote?” he suggested to his fellow members.  
Ulric sighed and asked, “All in favour of elder Jet’s clan, raise hands.”
There was silence in the room as Ultima, Greydon, Byleiptr, and Lyn quickly raised their hands. Gaddiel hesitated briefly but ultimately followed suit and raised his hand. It was conventional for delegates to follow their elder, so everyone was curious if Gabriel would follow his father in defiance of his grandfather. All eyes were on Gabriel as he reluctantly raised his hand. 
  Ulric leaned back in his chair, stunned that the vote was so close. “It seems we have a tie. Any reconsiderations?” he asked. 
This vote was technically unnecessary as the ultimate decision rested with the leader. Still, Ulric preferred to conduct business democratically, and with the tribunal only a few years away, he was extra cautious not to anger any clans. 
There was silence as Ulric glanced around the table with a stern expression. “I would hate to bring the decider in on something so trivial,” he warned the others.  
“Before we do that, maybe we should start contentions?” Ultima suggested. 
Upon hearing that the meeting was going to drag on, Kafka sat up in his seat. “No need,” he said, glancing over at Ulric and then Ultima before raising his hand. “I vote for Ultima’s nomination.”
The leader scanned the table and asked, “All oppose Ultima’s nomination?”
Azriel, Orit, Zoelle, Zenos, and Ulric raised their hands. 
Ulric paused for a moment before sighing. “Then the clans have decided. Our newest introduction will be the Undine clan of the Greek Isles,” he declared, causing the table to break out in slaps. Once the noise subsided, Ulric turned to his sister and nephew. “Please extend the invitation to elder Jet at your earliest convenience,” he ordered before addressing the group. “Any other business before we adjourn for the day?”
The subsequent silence signalled the end of the meeting. Ulric smiled at the table full of allies. “I hope everyone takes the afternoon to enjoy the amenities,” he said before exiting the room. “I look forward to seeing you all at dinner.”
With the leader gone, the remaining attendees raised from their chairs.  
Zoelle pushed in her chair and turned to her husband. “That was shorter than anticipated,” she remarked. 
“What do you want to do before dinner?” asked Gabriel. 
“I wouldn’t mind checking out the spa,” Zoelle suggested.
“I heard great things earlier about their facials,” added Orit.
Listening to the mother and daughter talk, Lyn chimed in from across the table. “Me too,” she agreed. “I’m going now to see if I can squeeze one in before our couple’s massage.”
Zoelle smiled and turned to Gabriel. “Couple’s massage sounds like fun,” she suggested to her partner. “I’m going to reserve one for us.”
Gabriel did not return the smile but nodded in agreement. “Text me with the reservation. We’re going for a drink,” he said before leaving with his father, Azriel, and Zenos. 
With the three women ready to go to the spa, Orit turned to the remaining female in the room. “Would you like to join us?” she asked Ultima. 
Ultima walked around the table to join the females. The males had already vacated the room, leaving them alone to converse. 
“A facial scrub sounds nice,” Ultima agreed as the four females exited the room to hit the spa.

ΟΟΟΟΟΟΟ

Dinner was starting in less than an hour, and Adonia was growing worried. She had not seen Malachi since he abruptly departed lunch hours earlier. She checked all the lounges and his room with no success. Everyone she came across had not seen him in the last four hours, and she was starting to fear the worst.
After searching every common area, Adonia was on her way to the rooftop when she came across one of her sisters. 
“Any luck finding Malachi?” asked Esther. 
“No,” Adonia replied, looking worried.
“Have you talked to Cyrene? I’ve been asking around, and Marid mentioned that he saw them leaving the dining room together.”
Adonia’s worried expression deepened. “Cyrene said she hadn’t seen him,” Adonia said as she quickly walked towards the lounge. 
“You should probably ask again,” Esther suggested while following her elder sister. “She’s not known for being sincere.”
The siblings made their way up the stairs to the top floor. They were walking through the hallway towards the lounge when they were surprised by Cyrene turning the corner. 
“Cyrene!” Adonia called from down the hallway. “Where did you and Malachi go earlier?” she demanded as she quickly approached. 
Cyrene looked startled at her irate twin. “We didn’t go anywhere,” she said nervously. 
“I can tell you’re lying,” Adonia said before lunging at Cyrene and hitting her in the face. Cyrene fell to the ground, along with her bag and some of its contents. 
Adonia lunged for her sister’s purse as Cyrene lay on the floor in pain. Adonia searched through the bag as a staggered Cyrene grabbed her hand in an attempt to stop her. Adonia clenched her free fist and repeatedly punched her sister in the face until she let go. She then quickly searched the purse for the key and threw the card at her younger sister. 
“Go check her room,” Adonia ordered Esther. 
“No!” Cyrene said as she lunged at Adonia, but Esther had already left with the keycard. The twins struggled alone in the hallway for a few seconds until the commotion alerted Gillies and his wife Aalish, who happened to be walking nearby. 
Adonia had succeeded at overpowering her sister with a series of blows leaving Cyrene semiconscious on the ground. 
“What’s going on?” Gillies asked his aunts.
Adonia quickly stood up and brushed herself off. “We can’t find Malachi,” she said before taking off towards the staircase. “Don’t let her follow me,” she called as she darted through the door. 
Adonia descended the stairs and raced down the hallway towards Cyrene’s opened room door. Inside, Esther was leaning over an unconscious Malachi with a syringe in her hand. 
Adonia looked down at the scene in shock. “What are you doing?” she demanded as Esther finished injecting Malachi with a substance. 
“His breathing was shallow, and his fingers and lips were turning white. It’s obvious that he’s suffering from Kujo’s effects,” Esther explained while placing her head on Malachi’s chest to listen to his laboured breathing. 
“You carry the antidote with you everywhere you go?” Adonia asked skeptically. 
Esther gave her sister a perplexed look. “Of course, this antidote was a godsend. You know what it’s like raising a Venti like Kujo. Before this antidote, I couldn’t even touch my son without fear of being paralyzed.”
The sound of Malachi’s moaning caused the sisters to stop talking and glance down at the semiconscious male. 
“Are you okay?” Adonia asked as she knelt to comfort her son. 
Malachi’s hand trembled as he lifted his arm to feel the back of his neck. “No, I can hardly move.”
“Don’t force it. It’ll be a few minutes before your strength returns,” Esther explained, knowing the effects all too well.
“Malachi, how did this happen?” Adonia asked her son. 
Malachi relaxed his body and closed his eyes, following Esther's advice before answering his mother. “I think Cyrene might be planning to kill grandfather so Kafka can become Council leader.” 
“What? How?” Esther asked in shock. 
“I’m not sure how, but Cyrene said something is happening soon,” Malachi replied. 
“But Kafka is second in line,” Adonia said. “And if Ultima’s motion passes, he drops even further.”
“They didn’t vote on it,” Esther informed the others. “They’ve postponed the vote until the next meeting.”
“Where’s Grandfather?” Malachi asked the females. “I think his safety is in jeopardy.”
“The banquet starts in a half-hour, so he should be nearing the dining hall,” Adonia replied. 
“I’ll go warn him,” Esther offered. She was about to turn towards the door when Gillies walked into the room. 
“Where’s Cyrene?” Adonia asked her nephew. 
“She’s at the dinner,” Gillies replied before looking down and spotting Malachi lying on the floor. “What happened to you?” he asked his cousin, slightly amused by the scene. 
“Cyrene narcotized him,” Adonia replied. “Where’s my father?”
“At the dinner,” Gillies replied. “He’s looking for you.”
Malachi made another attempt to stand, using the situation's urgency as motivation while mustering his strength. He successfully raised his hands but could only lift his head an inch off the floor before giving up. 
Adonia turned to Gillies for assistance. “Help Malachi to the dinner. I’m going to find Cyrene,” she said as she stood up and quickly exited the room.  
There was a brief moment of silence as Gillies stood looking down at the incapacitated man on the floor. He smiled and pulled out his phone to take a picture of his compromised cousin.
Esther rolled her eyes at the immaturity. “We should hurry,” she informed the males.
Gillies looked down at his cousin, who did not appear amused by the current situation. “So, Malachi, how do you want to do this?” 

ΟΟΟΟΟΟΟ

Twenty minutes earlier…

With the celebrations starting soon, Ulric was in the lounge with Kafka, Greydon, and Gabriel. Many of the tables were occupied with kin drinking and conversing as they waited for dinner to start. The room's rowdiest table contained Azriel’s clan sitting with Sophia, Giddiel, plus Greydon’s paternal aunt, uncle, and cousin. The empty seat next to Zoelle belonged to Gabriel, who had stepped away for a moment. The waitstaff had difficulties keeping up with the patrons, becoming increasingly loud and rowdy with every drink they ordered.  
The four males had decided to meet up to celebrate the outcome of the vacancy vote. They were rather proud of themselves for their success in voting Jet in without revealing to other clans that he was working with them this entire time. Although the other members would eventually learn the truth, they could not risk Victor finding out while their plan was still in motion. It took everyone’s cooperation, but the scheme worked, and the other families were none the wiser. 
“Is Ultima going to join us?” Gabriel asked. 
Ulric shook his head. “No, she’s off mingling. I should join her,” he added but did not move, feeling weary and unmotivated after the long day. 
“Shall we have a celebratory drink before heading over?” Greydon asked the group. 
Ulric chuckled inwardly at the unusual suggestion, considering they all would be immune to its intoxicating effects. “If you insist,” he agreed. “But pick something tasty.”
“So no whisky?” Greydon said in jest before standing up to retrieve a round of beverages.
With Greydon gone, Gabriel turned to his grandfather. “When do we meet the Ancients?”
“As soon as they dispose of the Americans,” Ulric replied. 
Kafka looked surprised by this news. “They’re still alive?” he asked. “What’s taking so long?”
“The Ancients agreed to go willingly in exchange for everyone’s safety,” Ulric replied. “It only delayed the inevitable. Once we have the Ancient’s relics, nothing is preventing us from extinguishing those in our way.”
“But we still haven’t located the rest of the relics,” Gabriel remarked. “The shield, sword, compendium, and two medallions are unaccounted.”
“All in due course,” Ulric replied. “We will secure the remaining artifacts when we move our operation overseas. I’m sure Nyx has already started to collect intel on their whereabouts. Look how quickly she retrieved the hammer.”
“That she shipped to New York,” Gabriel reminded his grandfather. He was about to add something when Greydon returned to the table with a tray containing four drinks that were a 
blueish-purple colour. 
“Working the tables now?” Kafka remarked to Greydon with a grin. “Or is this your way of trying to dodge the tip?”
“We’re in a hurry, and our waitress has her hands full at the moment,” Greydon said while motioning to the large table next to them. He took the drinks and placed one in front of each male before sitting back down in his seat. 
Ulric picked up his drink and held it up to toast. “Here’s to another successful reunion,” he said to his proteges. 
“Cheers,” Greydon and the two cousins said before tasting their drinks. 
Ulric had just finished taking a sip when Gillies walked into the room. He stopped at the doorway and scanned the room like they were looking for someone. Spotting Ulric’s table, he quickly walked over to address the small group. 
“Adonia and Cyrene were fighting in the hallway,” Gillies informed his grandfather. “Cyrene is in the dining hall with Ultima; they’re looking for you.”
Ulric quickly stood up from his seat to leave. 
“Not going to finish your drink?” Greydon asked his uncle. 
“No time,” Ulric said as he took some money from his pocket and threw it on the table before leaving with Gillies. 
The two were walking towards the dining hall when they were greeted by Cyrene, searching for Ulric. She had some bruising to her cheek and her makeup smudged from crying.
“Father!” Cyrene called as she raced to Ulric, embracing him.
They did not hug for long before Ulric placed his hands on his daughter’s shoulders and looked her straight in the eyes. “What is going on?” he asked in a stern voice.  
“There is something wrong with Adonia!” Cyrene said frantically. “I think all the stress has driven her over the edge. She assaulted me in the hallway, completely unprovoked!”
Ulric’s stern expression did not change as he watched his daughter’s embellished outrage. “Where’s Malachi?” Ulric asked, looking around. 
Cyrene’s angry demeanour dissipated. “He’s taking a nap in my room,” she said innocently. “I tried telling her, but she wouldn’t listen to me.”
Ulric frowned and looked over at Gillies. “Go find them,” he directed his grandson. 
Gillies left just as Ultima approached the group wearing an elegant scarlet backless gown with black trim at the bottom and black stole around her upper arms. 
“What are you going to do about this?” Ultima asked her brother. “I don’t know about you, but I don’t have time for sibling drama. The reception began fifteen minutes ago. It’ll be discourteous if we fail to make an appearance.”
“You always say it is better to be late than early to a party,” Ulric remarked to his sister before turning back to his daughter. Ulric appeared exhausted and agitated by the drama. “But you’re right. I should deal with this after dinner.”
Cyrene smiled. “Good idea, Father. I only hope Adonia doesn’t make another scene at the dinner.”
Ultima unintentionally rolled her eyes at the absurdity of her niece's comment. Although Adonia was known to be oversensitive, Cyrene was always the one provoking the drama. The bad blood between Ulric's eldest twins was viewed by many as a black mark on their clan’s reputation of unity. 
Realizing her skepticism was on display, Ultima donned a more natural expression while changing the subject. “Where is Adonia?” she asked her brother. 
“I asked Gillies to fetch her and Malachi to get the story straight,” Ulric replied. 
Cyrene’s happy expression turned sour. “What story? She attacked me! What more do you need to know?”
“I know you are upset, Cyrene,” Ultima said sympathetically. “But it wouldn’t be fair if we didn’t hear from everyone involved.”
Cyrene pouted. “I’m the victim in all this! You know Adonia’s going to find some way to spin this in her favour.” 
Before anyone could respond, the sudden buzz of a vibrating cell could be heard, followed by the muffled sound of its message alert.  
Ultima gave her niece a pitying look. “I’m sure you feel that way,” she remarked while reaching into a black Chanel clutch to retrieve her chiming cell. After reading a text message, Ultima turned to her brother. “The twins left the airport. They should make it in time for dinner.”
“Kujo and Kurai are coming?” Cyrene asked, slightly surprised. 
Ulric nodded his head. “Nyx as well. Since their services are no longer required to obtain the Ancients, I felt it was more important that they attend.”
“Are you coming to the reception?” Ultima asked her brother. “We still need to make the pre-dinner greeting.”
“Yes,” Ulric replied. “We should go.”
The siblings and Cyrene travelled through the lounge towards the balcony. The floor was busy, with almost all the attendees starting to gather and socialize before dinner. The lounge looked like it had accumulated more occupants in the few minutes Ulric was gone. Gabriel was seated at the same table but was now with his sister-in-law Aalish and her two sons Marid and Iblis. Greydon and Kafka were no longer in the room. The large table containing Azriel’s clan and Ultima’s inlaws had only increased in size with Slater, Byleiptr, Lyn, Darya, and her two Undine friends joining them. Cyrene smiled upon spotting Slater and approached the table to talk to her son. 
Many of kin in the lounge stopped talking and stood up to follow Ultima and Ulric out onto the heavily occupied balcony. As they made their way to the front, the siblings would pause to speak with friends and relatives or greet late arrivals. The siblings retrieved a glass of champagne from a nearby waitstaff and simultaneously took a sip before positioning themselves on the far end of the terrace.
As soon as the elder twins took a position in front of the glass doors leading to the dining hall, a hush passed over the large crowd.  
Despite the cooler night air and desert-appropriate formal attire, Ulric appeared flushed and sweaty. He quickly wiped his forehead and cleared his throat before addressing the party. 
“I will start by thanking you all for joining us tonight,” Ulric greeted the crowd loudly so everyone could hear. “As you all know, my sister and I had our loving partners taken from us too soon. The unexpected loss of my wife many centuries ago made me realize the importance of spending time with family, so we started this annual congregation,” Ulric explained with a horsed voice. He stopped speaking to clear his throat before continuing. “Since then, we’ve had the privilege of watching our family flourish into the prevalent force it is today. We’ve had many good times and memories over the centuries, but this year’s reunion is special because it marks two momentous occasions. In addition to it being the six-hundredth anniversary of our first reunion….” Ulric paused as the cheering crowd erupted before continuing. “I’m also pleased to announce that after all your tireless efforts, we are finally ready to move our operations for the final phase of our plan!” The crowd exploded in cheers and applauded as Ulric took a moment to wipe the sweat off his brow. “And my sister and I couldn’t be more honoured to celebrate it with all of you here today,” he added while raising his glass. “Here’s to a prosperous future!” he cheered before taking a sip of his beverage.
The rest of the room raised their glasses and cheered in response to the toast. Ulric was thirsty and quickly downed his drink. As he looked around for the hostess, he noticed Adonia run out onto the balcony. 
Spotting the distressed look on his eldest daughter’s face, Ulric turned to his sister. Having also spotted Adonia arrive, Ultima nodded knowingly. Taking her brother’s position, Ultima continued addressing the spectators while Ulric made his way towards Adonia. As Ulric waded through the crowd, he kept an eye out for Cyrene but could not spot her amongst all the people. 
Adonia ran towards her father as soon as he emerged from the throng. 
“Father, you have to do something about Cyrene!” Adonia called in a frenzy. “She’s gone too far!”
Ulric glanced around, scanning for eavesdroppers. “Why don’t we discuss this inside?” he asked while placing an arm around his troubled daughter. 
Ulric escorted Adonia towards the lounge to speak privately. With all the guests outside on the balcony, the lounge was virtually empty. The only other occupant in the room was the bartender, who was busy restocking as the father and daughter conversed quietly on the other side of the room. 
“My poor daughter,” Ulric said with a sympathetic expression. “What has Cyrene done this time?”
 “She drugged Malachi!” Adonia exclaimed in a low voice. “She injected him with Kafka’s essence. Luckily, Esther had the antidote.” As the eldest sister complained to her father, she failed to notice that someone had entered from the lobby. 
Ulric looked skeptically at his daughter. “But why would she do such a thing?” he asked in disbelief. Too preoccupied with Adonia, Ulric failed to notice Nyx listening to their conversation. 
Sensing Ulric’s skepticism, Adonia’s frustration started to surface. “Why are you so blind to her depravity!” she said in a raised voice. “Can’t you see that she’s plotting to overthrow you!” 
Startled by Adonia’s outburst, Ulric paused as he internalized the warning. Suddenly, the distinct sound of a throat clearing caused him to freeze, and his heart skipped a beat when he heard Nyx’s voice speak up. 
“Sounds like you have your hands full, Ulric.”
Ulric turned around, still clinging to the hope that he was hearing things but was dismayed to see Nyx standing behind him. She was wearing a black sequin plunging neck gown and matching black clutch with gold trim. A gold collar hung around her neck with matching gold and black diamond tassel earrings. There was a noticeable tan line on her arm where her cuff band usually set. 
“Are you okay, Ulric?” Nyx asked the elder, looking slightly concerned. “You look pale.” 
“I—I’m fine,” Ulric replied, appearing shaken by the sudden arrival. He quickly composed himself and smiled at the female. “Nyx, I’m so glad you made it in time for the dinner,” he greeted his old acquaintance. 
Sensing Ulric’s nervousness, Nyx inwardly chuckled but maintained her sober expression. “I must speak with you about Jet. He took my bangle, it’s a family heirloom, and I must have it back.”
“It’s all a misunderstanding,” Ulric explained. “As you know, he had an appearance to keep up with members of Victor’s clan present.”
Nyx crossed her arms, unsatisfied with the response. “What is your plan exactly?”
Ulric looked around nervously, worried that someone might overhear them. “I apologize for the secrecy, but we can talk about this privately after dinner,” he explained to his friend in a calm voice. He then looked around again, wondering where the rest of Nyx’s travelling companions were. “Where are the twins?” Ulric asked, trying to redirect the conversation.
“Not sure,” Nyx replied with a shrug. “The last time I saw them, they were getting on the elevator with Cyrene and Greydon. They said they had to take care of something.”
Adonia appeared outraged by the news. “How long ago?” 
“Minutes ago,” Nyx said as she motioned towards the entrance. “I exited the elevator just as they were entering.” 
Adonia turned towards her father. “See! Cyrene and Greydon are up to something!” she exclaimed anxiously. 
Nyx laughed. “What kind of mischief are those two cooking up?” 
“They are trying to make Greydon council leader,” Adonia explained, hoping to find someone who will take her seriously.
Ulric was not pleased with his daughter’s airing of their dirty laundry to Nyx. He glared at his daughter with clenched fists, discretely signalling for her to shut her mouth.
Nyx gave Adonia a perplexed expression. “How?”
“Cyrene thinks if she helps make Greydon council leader, he will nominate Kafka at the tribunal.”
Hearing that Greydon was still next in line, Nyx turned to Ulric, scowling. “Did Ultima’s motion not pass?” she asked the elder. 
Adonia crossed her arms and looked at her father with a frown before turning to Nyx. “It didn’t happen. Father voted to postpone the motion until the next meeting.”
Nyx's gaze shifted back to Ulric, intrigued by the news. “Are you going to let your pride stop you from doing the right thing?” she asked the old man. “You don’t have any sons. How can you possibly explain voting against your flesh and blood?” 
Ulric raised his hands defensively while the sweat dripped from his brow. “I didn’t vote against the motion. I only voted to delay the vote. It was part of our plan to convince Byleiptr to vote for Jet’s clan.”
Adonia frowned at her father’s excuse. She was about to say something when her attention was captured by Esther and Gillies entering the room with Malachi, still weakened by the injection. 
“Look at what Cyrene did!” Adonia said as she pointed to her temporarily feeble son. 
“What did she do?” Nyx asked, trying to acquaint herself with the current drama. 
“She poisoned my son!” Adonia explained, near tears. 
Nyx was perplexed by this. “To what end?” 
By now, Malachi, Esther, and Gillies had joined the others. Malachi was not yet strong enough to stand, so Esther retrieved a chair for him to sit. 
“She tried to silence me,” Malachi explained as he slowly sat down in the chair with some assistance from Esther. “She thought I was going to interfere with her plan.”
“What plan?” Ulric asked. 
“I’m not sure exactly,” Malachi replied, rubbing the injection spot on the back of his neck. “But I believe you’re the target. I think she might try to poison you like they did my brother.”
“I think it might be too late,” Esther said as she slowly approached her father. “Dad, are you feeling okay?” she asked with a concerned expression. Ulric was sweating, his skin was clammy, and he looked pale, but that was not what Esther had noticed. The skin around Ulric’s lips was an even lighter colour than his already lighter than usual complexion. “Let me see your hands,” she demanded, her voice sounding panicky. 
Ulric raised his hands. “They don’t look out of the ordinary,” he replied, trying to sound casual but could not wholly hide the uneasiness in his voice.
“Has he been poisoned?” Adonia asked her sister.
“It appears so, but I’m not sure with what,” Esther replied, her worried expression deepening. “It can’t be Kafka’s essence, or else he would be immobilized, but it’s the only one I’m aware of that can affect a Venti.”
Malachi shot his aunt a glaring expression. “No, it’s not. How about Venticide? The poison that killed Exodus.”
“Is that how he died?” Esther remarked while casually pulling out her phone. “I had no idea.”
“Why would Cyrene poison her father?” Nyx questioned. “How can she possibly benefit from his death?” 
“If Greydon becomes council leader, Cyrene said he would nominate Kafka at the tribunal,” Malachi explained. 
Everyone turned to Ulric, who was looking distressed and unwell. “I think I need to sit down,” he said as he took a few tottering steps towards a nearby booth. 
As Adonia helped her father sit down, Esther was busy trying to call her children for assistance. With her calls going unanswered, Esther started texting the twins to alert them to the dire situation. “It’s unlike Kurai not to answer my calls,” she said while lowering her cell. 
“Probably no coincidence they were last seen with Cyrene and Greydon,” Adonia remarked spitefully. “I won’t be surprised if they were all in this together.”
Esther frowned at her sister. “Kurai and Kujo would never harm their grandfather,” she retorted defensively.  
“But they would give Greydon anything he wanted if it meant the freedom to pursue their craft unconstrained,” Malachi said, appearing a little livelier.
Esther remained silent, unable to refute Malachi’s assertation. “Well, if they did help Greydon, it’s because you put too many restrictions on their work,” she remarked Ulric. 
“Now’s not the time, Esther,” Adonia said while kneeling next to their elderly father.
“How can we help him?” Gillies asked Esther, the only one who might have an idea on how to help. 
“I have a vial of Kafka’s antidote we could try,” Esther suggested with a shrug. “If it doesn’t work, at least no harm should come to him.”
“Kurai mentioned that the Venticide contained some of Kafka’s essence,” Malachi confirmed, then turned to his grandfather and asked, “Do you want to try?”
Ulric nodded his head with a worried look in his eye. Esther reached into her bag to retrieve her supplies for the injection while Adonia comforted their father. Malachi stood next to Gillies as they watched their beloved patriarch roll up his sleeves for the injection. 
“Father, what are we going to do about Cyrene?” Adonia asked as soon as Esther finished. “We can’t let her get away with this.”
“Are you sure it was Cyrene that poisoned him?” Malachi asked. “Kurai said it could take a day or two for the Venticide to start affecting a Venti. Cyrene only arrived lat night.”
“Greydon has been here all week. Do you think he did it?” Adonia asked. 
“We don’t even know for sure what they drugged him with,” Esther countered. “If it's even poison.” She was about to say something further when the ringing of her cell cut her off. 
Esther stood up and took a few steps away from her father to answer the call from her daughter. “Did you get the text? Malachi thinks he ingested Venticide, and Adonia thinks Cyrene is responsible,” she explained to Kurai. There was a brief silence as Esther listened to the caller’s response before continuing. “I gave him a shot of Kuja’s antidote. Do you think it will help?” Esther’s worried expression deepened as she listened to Kurai’s response. “Where is it located?” she asked before pausing to listen to the answer. After a few more seconds, Esther ended the call and turned to the others. 
“What did Kurai say?” Adonia asked eagerly. “Are they with Cyrene and Greydon?” 
Esther nodded. “She said they went to the rooftop to talk to Greydon. She said Cyrene was with them and acting strange, so Greydon suggested they go back to the dinner. That’s when she noticed my text.”
“What did she say about the Venticide?” Malachi asked. 
“She said if it was Venticide, the injection I gave him might alleviate the effects temporarily, but he is going to require the antidote.” Esther’s already grim expression deepened. “She said time is of the essence. We have to get him to the antidote as soon as possible.”
Up until this point, Ulric had been skeptical of Adonia’s conjecture about Cyrene. Out of all the clans and kin who would want him dead, Ulric would never imagine his daughter as one of them. Although he could not recall anything out of the ordinary occurring over the last few days, Ulric wondered if Adonia was right. Ulric had been feeling a little off all day but contributed his fatigue and fogginess to recent insomnia. But after seeing what Cyrene did to Malachi, Ulric was beginning to take the warnings seriously. Plus, Esther’s injection was making him feel better. He had been attentively listening while Esther was talking, conserving strength while trying not to let his anxiety get the best of him.  
“Where do they keep the antidote?” Ulric asked Esther in a low voice. 
Everyone turned to the patriarch and was relieved to see the colour returning to his face. Although he looked distraught, which was understandable given the situation, he was no longer perspiring and seemed more centred. 
“Kurai is arranging a flight home as we speak,” Esther explained to her father, tears starting to form in her eyes. “She says time is of the essence. We need to get you to the antidote as soon as possible.”
Sensing the graveness in Esther’s voice, Adonia’s face started to twist in sorrow. “How much time does he have?” she asked, her voice cracking. 
All eyes were on Esther, eager for an answer, but she remained silent. A feeling of dread starting to overcome the group with every passing second. 
Finally losing patience, Adonia took a step towards her sister. “Esther, tell us!” she cried, tears now flowing down her face. “What did Kurai say?”
Esther shook her head, reluctant to share the troubling news. She looked down at her father, crying. “I can’t….”
Ulric reached for Esther’s hand to comfort her. “Please, I need to know.”
Esther wiped her eyes with her free hand and took a deep breath. “Kurai said it’s only a matter of hours once someone starts exhibiting symptoms, and she doesn’t know how much time the injection will give us,” Esther explained before pausing to look at her father. “And that was my last dose,” she added, starting to sob uncontrollably. 
Unable to control their sorrow any longer, Adonia and Esther rushed to embrace their father. 
“Father, no…” Adonia said as she held Ulric tight. 
“Don’t worry, it’s not over yet,” Ulric said, trying to reassure his daughters. “We still have time.”
Adonia released her father and stood up quickly. She was no longer crying due to the raging thoughts of revenge that were overpowering her. “We can’t let Cyrene get away with this,” she declared before running off towards the elevator. 
Ulric released Esther to try to stop his eldest daughter. “Adonia, no,” he called while standing up but was not able to take more than a step before his legs started to feel weak. Ulric sat back down. 
As Adonia stormed out of the lounge, Gillies walked by and almost ran over by the agitated woman. Spotting Gillies, Ulric called to get his attention. 
“Follow her and make sure no one gets hurt,” Ulric ordered his grandson, who immediately took off after Adonia. 
The sudden sound of a phone chiming drew the group’s attention. Esther held up her phone to read the message from Kurai. Esther frowned and turned to her father. “We depart in four hours,” she explained to her father. 
Unimpressed with the news, Ulric sighed. “Four hours for clearance,” he remarked while leaning back in his seat. “For a race against time, this is not a promising start.” Ulric closed his heavy eyes for a brief moment while trying to come to terms with the situation. 
Frustrated with his grandfather’s lack of urgency and action, Malachi finally stood up. “We need to find out if Cyrene is working with anyone,” he said to Ulric. He was now feeling better and could no longer sit idly by in the face of such betrayal. Ulric’s silence and eye avoidance only infuriated Malachi more. “Grandfather, what has gotten into you?” he demanded. “Our clan doesn’t tolerate disloyalty. What are you going to do about this betrayal?” 
Ulric turned to his grandson, fuming. “What would you have me do?” he demanded. “I still don’t even know what happened, and you expect me to attack my daughter without any proof?” 
“Whoever poisoned you must be here. We still have a few hours to get to the bottom of this and find the culprits responsible,” Malachi explained. “You need to make an example of them!”
“I would love nothing more than to get to the bottom of this,” Ulric retorted before pausing to rub his suddenly throbbing head. “I’m a little tied up at the moment trying not to let my organs fail, but feel free to take charge of the detective work if you are so inclined.”
Malachi left to find his mother and Cyrene, leaving Nyx and Esther to watch over Ulric. 
Esther took the seat next to her father, trying to comfort him. “Don’t worry,” she said, reaching out to hold Ulric’s hand. “We’ll get you to the antidote in time.”
Nyx was standing quietly nearby. She had maintained a bystander role as she watched the family drama play out. Nyx did not feel it was her place to inject herself into the family dispute, but with half the group now gone, she finally had a chance to speak with Ulric directly. 
Nyx approached the table, shaking her head in disappointment. “I must say, Ulric, I never pictured you as the type to roll over so easily,” she remarked with her arms crossed. “Are you going to let your saboteurs get away with this?”
Ulric looked up from his daze, frowning at the woman. “What do you suggest I do?” he asked. 
“I would certainly get my affairs in order,” Nyx retorted. “If the goal of this was to ensure that Greydon takes your place, why don’t you vote on Ultima’s motion? At least you would die knowing that their plan failed.”
Ulric sighed and rubbed his forehead in frustration. “It’s not that simple,” he mumbled. “Even with my vote, it will be close. About half are opposed to the idea.”
Nyx grinned. “Well, it’s a good thing you have me here. Isn’t it?” she remarked before turning to Esther. “Gather Ultima and the rest of the council,” Nyx directed the female. “Fill Ultima in on what is going on and have everyone meet us in the conference room for an emergency meeting.”
Esther nodded and exited the lounge onto the patio in search of Ultima. 
“I don’t think this will work,” Ulric said, shaking his head. 
“Why are you so hesitant?” 
“The Ifirts are an orthodox group,” Ulric replied. “Altering traditions, even inadequate ones, is not something they do lightly. The females seem to be the only ones invested in shifting the status quo.” 
Nyx looked at Ulric skeptically. “Are you sure your hesitance is not because you fear Ultima claiming your title?”
Ulric was taken aback by this comment. “What are you talking about?” he asked, unable to hide the hint of panic in his voice. 
Nyx rolled her eyes. “C’mon, you think I don’t know?” she asked with her arms crossed, insulted by Ulric’s feigned incomprehension. 
Ulric remained silent, refusing to acknowledge Nyx’s comment. 
“Ultima wouldn’t suggest it if it wasn’t for the greater good. Don’t let your ego contribute to your clan’s downfall,” Nyx warned.
Ulric paused to ponder Nyx’s statement before nodding in agreement. “Okay, let’s try. If someone is out to destroy me, I can’t allow them to get away with this.”
Nyx smiled. “There’s the fighter I  know,” she remarked while holding out her hand to help the weak man stand. “C’mon, let's get this meeting over with,” she said as the two of them exited the lounge towards the conference room. 

ΟΟΟΟΟΟΟ

Adonia had just stormed out of the lunge and walked towards the elevator when Gillies raced up from behind. 
“Did my father send you to stop me?” Adonia asked as she forcefully pressed the elevator button. 
“No,” Gillies replied as he stood next to her, waiting for the door to open.
The two of them waited for the elevator to descend from the top floor. Malachi joined them just when the elevator dinged, and the door opened. 
Adonia was outraged to find Cyrene and Greydon standing inside the elevator. The pair appeared to be quickly finishing an embrace as the doors parted. The grins on their faces vanished as soon as they noticed the spectators. Greydon stepped away from Cyrene, knowing what was about to happen. 
Gillies and Malachi turned to Adonia only to see her lunge at Cyrene. Greydon quickly exited the elevator leaving the two sisters to fight. 
Cyrene screamed and evaded Adonia while successfully managing to escape the elevator. She raced past Gillies and Malachi as she made her way down the corridor. 
Adonia took off after her sister, followed by Gillies and Malachi not far behind. Greydon decided not to involve himself in the sisterly drama, so he left to see if the dinner had started. 
As the sisters raced in their formal attire with the remarkable ability to outrun the men in stilettos, the chase ended when Adonia successfully tackled Cyrene to the ground. 
“Nice takedown,” Gillies remarked as the two males caught up to the sisters. 
“Get off of me!” Cyrene screamed from under her sister. 
“No! Not until you answer some questions!” Adonia yelled. 
“My room is down the hall. We can go there,” Gillies suggested. 
A look of panic appeared on Cyrene’s face. “Wait? What are you going to do to me?” 
“The same thing you did to our father,” Adonia snapped as Gillies and Malachi helped restrain Cyrene. 
The three of them took the hostage to Gillies’ room that consisted of a king-size bed. Gillies and Malachi took Cyrene over and sat her down on the edge of the bed while Adonia stood over her with crossed arms. 
“What did you do to our father?” Adonia demanded. 
“Nothing, why do you ask?” Cyrene replied innocently. 
“Esther could tell something was wrong with him,” Adonia retorted, “and after what you said to Malachi, we know you are behind this.” There was a pause as Adonia’s shock and sorrow bubbled to the surface. “You’re my sister. How could you do this? Of all the crazy things you’ve done, I never thought you would go so far as to murder your nephew and father.”
“I don’t know what you're talking about,” Cyrene replied, trying to appear shocked by the accusation. 
Malachi glared at his aunt. “Did you forget what you told me?” he asked Cyrene. “We know Greydon is working with you. Was it you or him that poisoned grandfather?”
“Greydon would never harm him,” Cyrene said, shaking her head. “He loves his uncle.”
“I see. He’s only capable of murdering cousins then,” Malachi snarked. 
“He would never do such a thing,” Cyrene said in defence. “You have it all wrong.”
“Maybe we should call Greydon up here to ask him?” Gillies suggested. 
“No, don’t drag him into this,” Cyrene pleaded. “He doesn’t know anything.”
Growing frustrated with Cyrene’s games, Malachi took a step towards the woman. “We know you are working with him! You said yourself that he was going to help you get Kafka elected as council leader. And I know he poisoned my brother.”
“How do you know he poisoned Exodus?” Cyrene questioned. 
“Stop playing games!” Malachi yelled in frustration. “Tell us who killed Exodus! When I asked you about Greydon, you said I was getting too close and incapacitated me! Who did it?”
Cyrene paused like she was considering her options before answering. “I did it,” she signed. “I poisoned them. No one helped me. Kafka, Slater, Greydon, none of them know about this.”
“I knew it!” Adonia shouted. Overcome with rage and grief, she lunged towards Cyrene, but Gillies stopped her before reaching her sister. As Adonia struggled in Gillies’ arms, Malachi remained still and raised his arm, signalling his mother to stop. 
“I don’t believe you,” Malachi remarked. “The twins knew who did it, and they wouldn’t risk everything to protect you. They don’t like you that much.”
“I took the Venticide from Greydon without him knowing,” Cyrene replied in a panic. “They probably assumed he did it.”
“Mark my words, Cyrene, you will rue the day you messed with my sons,” Adonia warned through clenched teeth. “On top of being excommunicated, I won’t rest until I ensure that your offspring never join the upper chamber again after this.”
Cyrene frowned. “Good luck with that,” she remarked with an eye roll. Not taking her sister’s threat seriously, she stretched and laid back on the bed. 

ΟΟΟΟΟΟΟ
It took some time to track down the entire upper chamber for the urgent gathering. A soft mummer resonated from the group as the last of the Council members entered the conference room. The formally dressed crowd had been summoned to the emergency meeting, many without knowing the reason. Although the elite group had only gathered hours earlier, the apparent differences provided clues to the dire situation that must have occurred to cause this unexpected gathering. Ulric sat before the group, appearing even wearier than he did hours earlier. The addition of Nyx standing in the corner was even more bizarre and suggested some pressure to the situation. There was a tension in the room that felt stronger than the usual friction between clans. 
The soft voices started to taper once Byleiptr and Lyn finally arrived and dead silence as soon as Ulric rose from his seat to address the group. The Council leader placed his hands on the table and pushed while trying not to make his struggle too obvious. 
Ulric surveyed the room before clearing his throat to speak. “Thank you for agreeing to gather again unexpectedly. I know everyone is hungry, so I will try to make this meeting brief. This month has been a trying time for my clan. A close ally who I once considered family betrayed me, and now I learn of more conspirators amongst us.” Ulric paused as he scanned the face of each member before continuing. “I see now that my sister was right, and I’ve decided that voting on this change cannot wait. As we near the dawn of a new era, I believe we should follow our ancestor's teachings and cast aside the human beliefs that have no place in our society. I know some of you disagree, so that is why I am seizing Nyx’s presence here today. We all know why we are doing this. Would anyone like to discuss this further before we vote?” 
With no response from the group, Ulric cleared his throat before asking, “Ready for the question?” Everyone sitting at the table nodded in agreement, prompting him to continue. “The question is on the adoption of the motion to remove the gender prerequisite for council leader. All in favour, raise your hands,” Ulric said while raising his hand. Following Ulric were the hands of Ultima, Orit, Zoelle, Azriel, and Gabriel. 
“All oppose, raise their hands,” Ulric requested.
Zenos, Gaddiel, Kafka, Greydon, Byleiptr, and Lyn quickly raised their hands. 
Although Zenos and Gabriel deviating from their elder’s vote were eyebrow-raising, but not surprising given the dynamics, seeing Kafka and Greydon’s refusal to vote in line with their clan's motion was utterly bemusing to the others. If there was ever a more obvious sign of disharmony within the family, this was it. 
Breaking protocol, Ulric turned to Kafka, frowning. “Why didn’t you vote in favour?” he demanded angrily. 
Kafka did not react to Ulric’s outburst as he sat comfortably in his chair. “What can I say?” he replied with a shrug. “I’m a misogynist. I can’t in good conscience vote to give women more privileges.”
Ulric glared at his grandson before turning to address the others. “I believe now is as good a time as any to advise that Exodus’ murderer confessed to the poisoning,” he informed the group. 
Soft, audible gasps resonated as the group processed the unexpected news. 
Kafka smiled. “Really? Who?” he asked in disbelief. 
Ulric did not respond before continuing. “Since Malachi is no longer a suspect, he will immediately return to all former duties and delegate position.” Ulric turned to address his grandson with a stern expression. “Kafka, I cannot thank you enough for fulfilling Malachi’s duties during his time of need. The Council owes you a debt of gratitude for your self-sacrifice.”
Cheers erupted for Kafka, whose smile had now vanished after hearing the news. Realizing all eyes were on him, Kafka shifted in his seat. “It was my pleasure,” he replied enthusiastically, attempting to conceal his surprise and anger. 
Greydon cleared his throat impatiently. “Are you going to divulge the name of the culprit?” 
Ulric paused before answering, “Cyrene.”
A soft gasp resonated from a few while others who were more familiar with the clan dynamics nodded knowingly. 
“Her punishment is excommunication,” Ulric explained. “Any member caught aiding her will meet a similar fate.”
Unaware of his mother’s confession, the news stunned Kafka. “Where is she?” he asked, visibly shocked. 
“We escorted the treasonist off the property,” Ultima explained to Kafka. “I’m sorry, we wanted to wait until after the meeting to inform you,” she added sympathetically.
“Given the current situation, should we adjourn the vote?” Greydon suggested, trying to use the distraction as an excuse to postpone the meeting. “Wouldn’t you rather have Malachi partake in this momentous decision?”
Ulric frowned in disagreement. “As I said at the start of the meeting, this vote cannot wait,” he reaffirmed. “If no one is willing to change their vote, I will turn this over to our decider,” Ulric declared while motioning to Nyx standing behind him. 
Nyx approached the table, unimpressed with what she was witnessing today. She had stood before the upper chamber many times over the centuries and had never seen it in such disarray. Given the attempted coups, power struggles, and assassinations that had occurred over the last month, this was the union at its lowest. Nyx could not help but think that Ulric’s leadership style was a contributory factor, but it was not her place to say. 
Positioned alongside the leader, Nyx stood at the end of the long table and scanned the disgraced group seated before her. 
“I know it’s been many a decade since I addressed you like this, and I must say, I’m a little disappointed at the sad state I see before me,” Nyx explained to the crowd. “For thousands of years, this union has been a driving force behind kin advancement in a reality where we shouldn’t even exist. And after centuries of hard work, we’ve finally reached a turning point where the next few months could forever change the course of our species' future. Yet, you are all too preoccupied with bickering and feuding amongst yourselves to focus on the only thing that matters; our mission. You should know that I take no joy in chastising you. I’m only mentioning this as a warning to do better moving forward if we hope to succeed.” Nyx paused after she finished her rebuke to allow time for her cautionary words to sink in before moving on to the matter in hand. “Now, I’m sure you all know where I stand on Ultima’s motion. But I would like to record that I am not voting for abolishing the law because it is tragically primitive even by human standards. I’m voting in favour of it because it is what your leader wants, and the position of council leader has and always will be an autocracy. Some may say that Ulric’s encouragement of democracy is commendable, but I warn you, it is a luxury you shouldn’t presume.”
The upper chamber watched as Nyx turned to leave the room after concluding her lecture. Not expecting such a blunt observation, there was a moment of silence amongst them as they all thought about Nyx’s criticism.
 The silence broke when Ulric cleared his throat and stood up to address his council members. “As per the tie-breaker, it’s decided that the law forbidding a female from becoming council leader is now officially rescinded,” he declared with a grin on his face. “As your leader, I’m officially prohibiting any gender biases from this day forward.”
The majority of the table erupted in cheers as everyone clapped in agreement with the decree. 
 “Now, that’s settled. Let's go eat,” Ultima declared happily, prompting the rest of the members to stand up and quickly exit.  

ΟΟΟΟΟΟΟ

It was nearing midnight, and the lounge was still bustling with activity. After the large feast, Ulric was quickly and discreetly escorted by Esther and Adonia to an awaiting vehicle. Since the twins were the only two who knew how to access the antidote, they planned to meet Ulric and his daughters at the airport. 
Although the bar was still busy, the crowd slowly dissipated as small groups retired to their rooms. Malachi started drinking in a large group but found himself sitting alone once Gillies and his family decided to turn in for the night. As Malachi sat alone, he found himself reminiscing over today’s events. Although part of him was relieved to finally have answers to what happened to his brother, part of him could not shake the feeling that something was missing. 
Malachi was nearing the end of his drink and was ready to retire to his room when Slater entered the lounge and made a beeline towards his table. He sat down one seat over from Malachi with an angry expression on his face. Considering how close Slater sat next to him at the large table, Malachi could smell that he had been drinking but knew he couldn't be inebriated. 
Slater looked around cautiously before turning to address his cousin. “You need to help revoke my mother’s sanctions,” Slater said in a low voice. 
Malachi took the last swig of his rum before slamming the empty glass down on the table. “She made her bed,” he said coldly. He was about to rise to leave when his cousin stopped him. 
“She didn’t kill Exodus,” Slater explained. “My mother wasn’t anywhere near him the weeks leading up to his death. She did not poison him.”
“She confessed,” Malachi replied. “She said she had dinner with him and Greydon the weekend before he died.”
Slater shook his head. “Gabriel cleared her as a suspect. She wasn’t even in the same country as Greydon and Exodus that weekend. Ultima and the twins know this, but no one is questioning my mother’s confession.”
Malachi considered Slater’s argument but decided to brush it off. “That doesn’t prove her innocence. You can poison someone without being physically present.” 
“You think my mother pulled off something like that all by herself?” Slater questioned, growing frustrated. “At the very least, you have to admit that she had an accomplice.”
“Do you think it’s Greydon?” Malachi asked, wondering if his initial theory was correct.
“If you care about uncovering the truth, he would be the best person to question,” Slater suggested.
Although he was skeptical of Slater’s intel, Malachi had a gut feeling that there was some truth to it. Malachi was about to get out of his seat to find Greydon when he stopped to look back at his cousin. There was a burning question that he felt must be addressed first. 
“Why are you telling me this if Greydon and your mother are working together?” Malachi asked.  
“I don’t care about what they have planned, but I’m not about to risk my livelihood for it,” Slater explained in anger. “You’re all rid of her, but you think she will allow my brother and me to move on? She will drag us down with her, and I’m not willing to be expelled over her stupidy.”
Malachi thought about Slater’s response before accepting the explanation. He stood up to leave before turning back to Slater. “Do you know where I can find Greydon?”
“Last time I saw him, he was still in the dining room,” Slater responded.
Malachi nodded thanks to his cousin before exiting the lounge. He walked onto the balcony containing a make-shift dance floor and through the small groups of kin still enjoying the evening. Standing in a secluded section of the large deck was Ultima talking with Nyx and Darya. Positioned near the entrance, Malachi had to walk around the largest crowd of Aurora, consisting of Byleiptr, Lyn, three of their eight children, plus two spouses. 
Malachi entered the practically empty dining room, with just a few occupied tables of people conversing. They had rearranged the room for the banquet with one long table in front of several round tables. With the exquisite meal now over, the waitstaff had already cleared the tables as they rushed around cleaning. 
Malachi glanced around and spotted Sophia and Giddiel sitting at a nearby table conversing over an assortment of baked sweets. Sophia immediately noticed Malachi enter and waved him over. She scowled at her nephew as he approached. 
“I must admit, I’m a little disappointed that no one informed me about my father sooner,” Sophia declared softly as soon as Malachi was in earshot. “He looked fine at dinner. I didn’t believe Gillies at first when he told me. Do you know how he’s doing?”
Malachi shook his head. “It’ll be another few hours before he lands, but he has my mom, the twins, and Esther accompanying him. I’m sure he’ll pull through.”
Sophia’s frown deepened. “I sat next to Adonia the whole dinner, and she didn’t say a word to me. But in retrospect, she did seem distracted.”
“They didn’t want us to say anything until after he left,” Malachi explained before changing the subject. “Have you seen Greydon?” he asked as he looked around the room. 
Sophia smiled and pointed behind Malachi. “He’s sitting with the group in the back,” she explained. 
“Thanks,” Malachi said before departing towards the opposite end of the room. There was only one other occupied table beside Sophia and Giddiel, so Greydon was not hard to find. The lone Venti was seated with five Undines, Greydon’s two paternal aunts, uncle-in-law, and two adult male cousins.
Spotting his approaching cousin, Greydon smiled. “Malachi, come join us,” he said, motioning towards an empty chair. “Let’s have a drink to celebrate your reinstatement.”
“No, thanks,” Malachi declined. 
“Malachi, we heard about your brother and wanted to give our condolences,” said one of Greyson’s aunts. She was the oldest looking of the group with shoulder-length navy blue hair that was greying. 
“Thanks, that’s what I came to talk to Greydon about,” Malachi explained. “Can we talk somewhere private?” 
Hearing that, Greydon shifted in his seat. “I was about to go up to the rooftop for a smoke anyway,” he declared. 
“Rooftop? Why not the balcony?” asked one of Greydon’s male cousins as he was about to stand up to join him.
Greydon looked towards the balcony with the loud dance music blaring through the open door. “Too loud,” he explained, shaking his head. 
Not wanting to travel that far for a smoke, the cousins stayed back as Greydon and Malachi made their way up to the rooftop. The two males stood silently in the elevator as it ascended to the top. 
“So, what did you want to talk about?” Greydon asked, breaking the silence. 
“I have unanswered questions regarding the events leading up to my brother’s death,” Malachi explained. “More specifically, I would like to know what exactly happened when he met with you that weekend.”
There was a moment of silence as Greydon paused to think before responding. “Nothing out of the ordinary,” he shrugged. “We talked business, had dinner, and then he left.” 
The two men exited the elevator and went onto the rooftop. Malachi stopped as soon as he walked outside. Noticing that the security detail was no longer guarding the rooftop exit, Malachi wondered if it had something to do with Ulric already vacating the property.
After exiting, Greydon continued walking towards the edge of the building and stopped to pull out a cigarette pack from his pocket. Malachi recognized the package as the same brand Cyrene was smoking earlier. 
“I didn’t know you smoked,” Malachi remarked as Greydon put the cigarette in his mouth and lit it.
“I like to enjoy the occasional one. It has a calming effect,” the elder male explained as he exhaled a large puff of smoke. “And it’s not like it can harm me,” he added with a shrug. 
“Cyrene said that the poison she used on my brother she took from you,” Malachi said, redirecting the subject. 
Greydon shook his head. “I have no idea what she is talking about,” he said before taking another drag. 
Malachi frowned. “Don’t play dumb. I know the twins give you some Venticide, and I know Cyrene did not kill Exodus.”
Greydon took a step towards Malachi, scowling. “Cyrene confessed. Everyone was so eager to accept her as guilty. Why would they believe otherwise without evidence.”
“What I want to know is what’s in this for her?” Malachi asked. “Why was she under the impression that you would nominate Kafka if you became council leader?”
Greydon laughed. “Did you forget to whom you’re referring? It’s Cyrene. Who knows what she was thinking.”
Malachi shook his head in disagreement. “Cyrene may be mad, but she’s no fool. She wouldn’t risk expulsion unless it benefitted her, and the only thing that woman craves is attention and power.”
As Malachi talked, Greydon continued to puff on his cigarette with a disgruntled expression. “I don’t see what any of that has to do with your brother’s murder,” he snapped as he took the final puff of his smoke and flicked the butt. “How could killing him benefit anyone? He’s a second-born.”
“That’s what I’m wondering as well,” Malachi explained. “If her motivation was to make you council leader, poisoning her father makes sense, but my brother is senseless.”
Greydon shrugged. “Cyrene is unpredictable. We might never know what motivated her.”
“True,” Malachi agreed. He paused for a moment before continuing. “I guess it’s a good thing Cyrene’s plan failed,” he remarked with a smirk. “It appears all of your plotting and poisoning was for naught.”
The elder man smiled in return. “I think you are mistaken. Everything is going according to plan.”
Malachi was baffled by Greydon’s response. “Didn’t you vote against Ultima’s motion because it would cause you to move down in succession? How could that possibly be of benefit to you?” 
“I knew the motion would pass regardless of how I voted,” Greydon explained. “That’s exactly why I voted against it.”
“I don’t understand,” Malachi said, shaking his head. “You planned for my mother to be next in line?”
“You believe that your mother is the true successor?” Greydon demanded. “Then I suppose you believe that Ulric is the rightful leader?”
Malachi nodded his head. “Yes.” 
“Then you have been deceived,” Greydon explained. “My mother is the rightful heir. My grandparents lied about Ulric being first born so they could nominate him for Council leader. It’s been a dark secret weighing on their shoulders since birth.”
“Even if that were true,” Malachi countered. “We all know Ultima’s loyalty to her brother is paramount. She would never turn on him and claim the role for herself.”
“Yes, if he is alive,” Greydon agreed. “But what if something were to happen to him?”
“Let me guess,” Malachi said, coming to a realization. “You wanted Ulric gone so your mother could take his place.” Greydon did not acknowledge Malachi’s assertion, but Malachi took the silence as verification. “I guess it was a good thing Esther caught on before it was too late.”
Greydon laughed. “You think her intervention will have any bearing on the outcome?” he asked, becoming more enthusiastic as he talked. “Ulric’s death was assured as soon as he started showing symptoms. That shot Esther gave him would only delay the inevitable a few hours at most.” Greydon paused and smirked evilly at Malachi. “It’s unfortunate they had to wait four whole hours for the jet.”
Malachi became more enraged as he listened to Greydon's gleeful details. “If that’s true, then Cyrene didn’t poison her father.”
“Kudos! You finally got something right,” Greydon exclaimed, becoming more animated. “I took that honour over two days ago. I’m surprised he lasted this long. I know he’s a Venti, but given his age, I didn’t think he would last as long as your bother. Honestly, I was expecting him to die in his sleep last night.”
“And how did my brother’s murder fit into your plan?” Malachi demanded. 
“I wasn’t lying when I said I invited him over to talk business,” Greydon explained truthfully. “Unfortunately, when the discussion did not go as I anticipated, I had to silence the big lug. He was too big to overcome by force, so I poisoned him with the Venticide. It was a lucky coincidence that they blamed you for his death, but it helped me win over Cyrene. She will do anything to see Kafka promoted to delegate.”
“So Cyrene is just your pawn in all this?” Malachi asked. “And what of your mother? If she becomes the Council leader, how do you know she will nominate you? She’s been working with me to uncover the truth?”
“You may be her favourite nephew, but I’m her son,” Greydon snapped. “For centuries, she sat back and watched everything that had been promised to me be taken away just like it was from her.”
“What are you talking about?” Malachi asked, confused. “Grandfather’s done so much for you. How can you betray him?”
“Done for me?” Greydon exclaimed angrily. “He’s done nothing but lie to me. He was training me for the tribunal before you came around. I was his proxy. We travelled the globe building the empire that he said I would inherit. That all changed once his first set of grandsons were born. The businesses started to take a back seat, leaving me to do all the work. After Septimus was out of the picture, I thought he would finally realize that I was the best fit for the job. Then, once I learned of his plan to honour his agreement with Ion, I couldn’t let him get away with betraying me. After my first few attempts at revenge failed, I waited a few centuries for the dust to settle before taking a more direct route. Luckily, this time I had Cyrene, who was more than willing to go along if it meant her eldest son’s promotion to the upper chamber.”
Malachi clenched his fist in anger. “How could you betray the clan like this? What’s to stop me from exposing you?”
Greydon smiled. “My mother would never excommunicate me without hard evidence,” he said smugly. 
Looking at Greydon’s arrogant expression, Malachi could not contain his anger any longer. Malachi lunged at the older relative but stopped in his tracks when Graydon pulled out a gun he had concealed in a holster under his loose shirt. 
Seeing the look of fear in Malachi’s eyes caused Greydon to smile at the power imbalance. “Did you think I would tell you all this and let you walk away unscathed?” he asked his first cousin once removed. “I hope you believe me when I say that I didn’t want it to come to this. I could have given Cyrene venticide to inject you with, but I choose something nonlethal, hoping you would take the hint. But just like your brother, you refused to do what’s best for you in the long run.”
Malachi frowned at the older male. “You’ll never get away with this,” he growled. “Someone will—”
BANG!
Greydon fired a shot, hitting Malachi in the head. He moved closer to Malachi’s body lying on the ground and grinned. “We’ll see,” he said before firing another shot in the victim’s chest to make sure he was deceased before casually exiting the rooftop. 





XIII



August 21st, 1580


Ipsen Castle, Germany

It was a warm summer’s night in northern Germany. The cloudless sky allowed the big moon to light up the lone fortress standing amongst the natural countryside of rolling hilltops and pristine lakes. 
Ipsen castle was a sizable fifteen-century palace that was currently home to Ulric’s clan. The illuminated windows stood out against the darkened fortress. Inside the library, a youthful-looking Ulric escorted an honorary guest he invited to discuss a proposition. The patriarch walked over to one of the library’s many bookcases but the only one containing an assortment of rare and expensive spirits. Retrieving two glasses, Ulric poured the drinks and handed one to his guest, Ion, an Aurora from a small village hidden in Central Asia’s mountain system. Ion was a powerfully built young man with a fair complexion, shoulder-length golden hair, and bright yellow eyes. 
“I’m glad you took me up on my invitation,” Ulric said as he motioned to the seats positioned near the warm crackling fireplace.  “I know coming here was no easy feat.”
Ion shrugged as he positioned himself in the large armchair. “It’s wasn’t that bad. It’s good to get away from that lowly village, especially if you can have a little fun along the way,” he added with a grin. 
“I’ve always admired your home,” Ulric remarked before taking a sip of his drink. “That little village is an important piece of kin history. I’ve never seen so many of our relics assembled in one place, and I couldn’t think of a better place to safeguard them than a village nearly untouched by the outside world.” 
“You’re right about the untouched part,” Ion remarked. “It’s been a few millennia since a human stepped foot in that village.”
“My wife always spoke fondly of her childhood there,” Ulric said, smiling at the fond memory of his late partner. “I built her a castle fit for a queen, but she always considered that little village her true home, probably why she insisted on returning for all of our daughter’s births.”
Ion finished his drink in one big gulp and placed the glass down on a nearby table. “It’s a shame what happened,” he commented before belching. “She had so much life ahead of her.”
Ulric stood up to retrieve another drink for his guest. “Yes, but I take comfort knowing my poor Delilah went peacefully amongst all of her loved ones. My youngest, Mary, has taken her mother’s passing exceptionally hard. It’s understandable, of course. I couldn’t imagine what it’s like not having memories of your mother. She has been asking to go back to visit the grave. I was thinking about taking her to spend some time with her mother’s clan.” He walked back with the filled glass, handing it to Ion before returning to his seat. “But enough with the depressing conversation, how is your grandfather doing? The last time I talked to old Titus, he mentioned standing down and letting Cronus take the rains.” 
Ion took another large sip of his drink. “I don’t think he could even if he wanted to,” he said, shaking his head in disagreement. “Clans are conspiring to contest my father’s accession.”
Ulric was surprised by this news. “Is that so? I hope it’s not Delilah’s clan?”
“I don’t believe so,” Ion said. “The most vocal seem to be the Venti, particularly Azazel’s clan.”
Ulric shook his head in disappointment. “How disappointing that they would show such disloyalty. You come from a line of natural-born leaders. They should be grateful to have your grandfather as their shepherd.”
“If they’re so unhappy, they should just leave,” Ion spat resentfully before dowing the remaining contents of the glass. 
“That might not be a bad idea,” Ulric agreed. “I’ve known Azazel’s clan for as long as I’ve known your grandfather. I might be able to talk some sense into them.”
“Don’t waste your time,” Ion said while looking down at the empty glass. “That meagre village isn’t worth fighting for.”
Ulric frowned. “You shouldn’t speak like that about your clan's legacy,” he objected. “Your ancestors founded that village, and you are the rightful heir. No one should take that from you.”
Ion laughed and held up his drink, signalling for another round. “I think you’re referring to my brother. He’s firstborn,” he complained as the host retrieved the empty glass. “I have a snowball’s chance in hell of becoming the village chief.” 
Ulric shook his head in disappointment. “I always considered our emphasis on birth order a fatuous practice,” he said as he walked across the room to pour another round for his guest. “Why should the order of which you exit the womb hold any significance. The only thing that should matter is an individual's pedigree, ability, and character.” Ulric returned with an empty glass in one hand and a half-filled bottle in the other. He placed them on the table next to his guest.
Ion chuckled. “That’s easy for you to say, you’re firstborn,” he remarked as he reached for the glass. Noticing the bottle, Ion looked at his host. “You’re not having any?”
Ulric shook his head. “No. Although I do enjoy the occasional taste, being a Venti, I do not get the same enjoyment from the spirits. This one is a sweeter drink called cognac. My Dutch friend gave it to me on his last visit.”
Ion poured himself a glass and gave it a little taste before nodding and taking a bigger sip. 
Ulric looked on gleefully as he watched his guest enjoy the drink. “You know, I’ve been trying for centuries to convince your grandfather to join my organization, but his loyalties lie solely with his duty to his village. I always admired his devotion, but it’s a shame he can’t see the bigger picture. As the guardians of the shield, I believe your clan is vital to the success of our mission.” 
“What mission?” Ion asked curiously. 
“Ensuring the betterment of our species, of course,” Ulric replied proudly. “We know what the future holds for this tiny planet, and we use that knowledge to ensure we stay ahead of the humans. That’s the difference between us and kin like your grandfather. We are working on a global scale for the good of all kin.” 
“I see,” Ion said hesitantly before taking another big sip of his drink. He did not know Ulric very well, so he was a little skeptical of the professed altruism. Ion wondered if his host was serious or embellishing in an attempt to impress him, which caused Ion to wonder why Ulric even invited him to this alcohol-fueled meeting in the first place. 
“While I still have a little sobriety in me,” Ion said, starting to feel the alcohol’s effects. “I would like to know why you invited me here,” he asked, his speech loosening more with each word.  
“I invited you here to discuss a proposition,” Ulric explained. “Do you remember my daughter Adonia? I believe you use to play together as youths.”
Ion nodded yes as he poured himself another drink. “I remember all your daughters. You have four, right?”
“Five,” Ulric corrected. “My youngest was a singleton.”
“That certainly is a lot of daughters,” Ion remarked with a grin before taking another large gulp of his drink. “My family runs in the opposite direction. There have been mostly males on my father’s side. In six generations, there has only ever been one female born.”
“Yes, well, with many daughters comes many opportunities to grow the clan,” Ulric explained. “But that’s why I called you here. Your family’s tendency for males is well known. We would be honoured for you to help us diversify the next generation. An Aurora such as yourself would be ideal for strengthening our bloodline.”
Ion nearly spat out his drink upon hearing Ulric’s suggestion. “What are you saying? You want me to marry your daughter?”
“No, no,” Ulric replied promptly before adding, “not unless you want to.”
“With all due respect,” Ion said harshly, placing his glass down as he looked at Ulric with a stern expression. “Your daughters are half-Undine and Venti. How do you think my clan will react to such union?”
Ulric continued to smile, unmoved by the rebuff. “But we are so much more than your average hybrid,” he corrected before straightening himself in his chair. “What has your grandfather told you about us?” 
“Not much,” Ion said with a shrug. “He’s known you since childhood.”
“And look at me,” Ulric declared with his arms out. “I look as young as your father. We may look like your average Venti, but my sister and I are direct descendants of an Ancient, the rarest of kin. We’ve been roaming this planet for thousands of years, forming our empire with the most powerful kin guiding our every move. We know what the future holds, and we are capitalizing on it. Wouldn’t you want your offspring a chance to be a part of this? Live much longer than your average kin? And as my firstborn grandchild, if it is a male, I guarantee he will inherit ascendancy on a global scale.” 
There was a moment of silence as Ion considered the request. “I don’t know,” he said, looking uneasy. 
“Why don’t you stay a few days,” the older male suggested, reaching over the table to pour his guest another glass. “No pressure, and if you stay until Sunday, I’ll introduce you to some influential members of our organization. Even if you don’t take my offer, it would be advantageous for you to have these contacts as allies.” 
Ion looked at Ulric skeptically. “Why are you coming to me with this?” he asked before downing the drink. “Is it because my betrothed brother is unavailable?”
Ulric grinned. “As I said before, I have no preference for birth order, and I know what it is like growing up in the shadows of my sibling,” he replied while pouring another glass. “This is an opportunity to change all that.” Ulric watched as Ion mindlessly took the next drink, the drunkenness now plainly visible on his face. “But you don’t have to think about my offer tonight. Let me show you to your room.” 
“I think it’s time to turn in,” Ion agreed, needing an extra second to stand. 
“You can bring the bottle,” Ulric offered, handing his guest the beverage.
The two males exited the library towards the east wing. It was late, so they did not pass another person as Ulric led the inebriated man towards his room. They finally reached a door leading into a large bedroom. In the middle was a spacious bed and old wooden furniture. Ion walked in and took a swig of the bottle before placing it down on a table. 
“I’ll send someone up to make sure you’re settled,” Ulric explained. “Don’t hesitate to speak up if you require anything,” he added before shutting the door behind him. 
Ion looked around the room before spotting a large opened window. He walked over to look out at the bright moon lighting up the sky. He was about to walk over to the bed when he heard the sound of footsteps approaching, followed by the door opening. 
Adonia walked into the room holding a picture of water and a glass. “Father said you had been drinking, so I brought you some water,” she explained as she placed the items on the table next to the bottle of alcohol. She had her long, shiny silver hair loosely pinned up, and she was wearing a thin light-blue silk dress that was nearly translucent. 
Ion couldn’t help but notice her nipples visible from under the garment. “Adonia,” he said with a grin, believing it was her but too drunk to be entirely sure. 
Adonia smiled back seductively. “Hi, Ion. I wasn’t sure if you’d remember me.”
Ion could feel himself becoming aroused as he observed Adonia’s curvy figure and full breasts under the diaphanous covering. “It’s been a while,” he mumbled, his mind distracted by the visual pleasure standing before him. 
“It’s only been a hundred years,” Adonia teased as she walked across the room towards the bottle of cognac and took a swig before approaching Ion. 
“I...Ahh, I’m sorry I missed your mom’s funeral,” Ion studdered, half distracted half-drunk as the female handed him the near-empty bottle. “I was—”
“Shhh,” Adonia silenced him with her finger pressed against his mouth. “It’s okay,” she whispered as she moved her hand along his cheek and brought her face up to kiss him. 
Ion responded by placing his free hand on her lower back and pulling her closer. His throbbing erection pressed against her as he lowered his hand down her back, grabbing her buttocks. Adonia jumped up and wrapped her legs around Ion’s solid torso, causing him to drop the bottle as he held her waist tightly. Holding the tiny woman in his powerful arms, the two passionately kiss while Ion carried her towards the bed to continue their lovemaking. 

ΟΟΟΟΟΟΟ

August 24th, 1580

It was another sunny and warm summer morning in the German countryside. Ion awoke to the bright light shining through the window. He looked to his left to find a naked Adonia lying next to him with one arm draped over his exposed chest.
It had been the third night in a row Adonia had entered the room looking to fornicate for which Ion was happy to indulge. He had decided to take Ulric up on the offer, agreeing to stay until Sunday or until things became awkward, which surprisingly had not happened yet. Although Ion had no idea what Adonia’s long-term expectations were, he did not get the feeling that she was looking for a commitment. Other than mealtimes, Ion would hardly see her during the day, and the only time they would talk privately was briefly in the evenings. Ion found this arrangement acceptable as he had no desire for a relationship, especially with a Venti, but that was not to say that he did not find Adonia attractive and the sex enjoyable. 
Ion gently moved Adonia's resting arm so he could exit the bed. After getting dressed, he made his way down one of the many staircases to find something to eat. He had just descended the stairs when he heard two male voices conversing near the entrance. He crossed through the corridor leading towards the entrance hall when he spotted Ulric speaking with another Venti. The unknown male was around Ion’s age, maybe slightly younger, with a short, stocky build, brown complexion, light-grey beard and hair that was thinning on top.  
Ulric waved over the newcomer. “Ion, I want you to meet my nephew and right-hand man Greydon,” he introduced. 
Greydon bowed his head slightly. “It’s an honour to meet you,” he greeted. “I’ve heard remarkable stories about your clan.”
“It’s nice to meet you,” Ion replied. 
“I’ve invited some of our allies over for dinner,” Ulric explained. “I’ve planned a first-class feast for us tonight.” 
“Sounds delightful,” Ion said, not entirely thrilled by the idea but trying to be polite. 
“Ulric,” a female voice called from behind. The three males turned to see Ultima approaching them from down the hallway. She looked youthful with her long sliver and black hair flowing freely down her back and was wearing a long backless, long-sleeved red dress. In her hand clasped her clan’s staff with a noticeable click of the metal hitting the stone ground as she walked. 
“Gideon is looking for you,” Ultima advised her brother. “Some early arrivals landed in the courtyard.”
“Who is it?” Ulric asked. 
“Knut’s clan,” Ultima replied. 
Ulric smiled and turned to Ion. “Would you like to come with us to greet my cousin’s clan? They’re Aurora from Scandinavia.”
“Sure,” Ion agreed. 
“Excellent, let’s go,” Ulric said to the others. 
“I will join you later,” Greydon said. “I’m meeting Cyrene down by the lake.”
Ulric nodded before leaving towards the courtyard, with Ultima and Ion following. Standing outside was Ultima’s husband, Gideon, conversing with the new arrivals. Gideon was an Undine with a slim build, short dark-blue hair, and similar coloured eyes. The newcomers speaking with Gideon were an Aurora couple with golden hair, pale complexion, and bright amber eyes. The male was Ulric and Ultima’s cousin Knut. He was tall and sturdy with short hair and a slight beard. His wife, Anita, was an equally tall woman with a slender figure and long hair tied up in braids. 
“I’m so glad you could make it,” Ulric greeted as he approached his guests. “I hope the journey east wasn’t too treacherous.”
“Not at all,” Knut said as he approached his cousin for an embrace. 
“Glad to hear,” Ulric said as he guided his friend to Ion, standing a few feet behind them. “One of Titus’ sons is visiting. I don’t think you’ve met him. Ion, this is Knut.”
Knut smiled. “It’s always good to meet a fellow Aurora,” he said to Ion, holding out his hand. 
“Nice to meet you,” Ion replied while shaking the man’s hand. 
As the males conversed, Ultima approached Anita and greeted her with a hug. “Would you like to join me for some tea and snacks?” 
“That would be lovely,” Anita said as she followed Ultima towards the dining room. 
As the women departed for snacks,  the three males stood around discussing business. Now that they had a little more privacy, Knut approached Ulric. 
“I have something important I would like to discuss,” Knut said to Ulric with a lowered voice. “I have the perfect clan to nominate for the vacancy.”
“How about we discuss it over some refreshments,” Ulric said to his friend. “You must be thirsty from your travels.”
Knut’s eyes lit up at the offer. “I wouldn’t mind a taste from your cellarette,” he suggested. “I’m in the mood for something stiff.”
Ulric smiled. “Of course. I always keep the shelf stocked when I know you’re coming.” He led the males into the castle and up the stairs towards the library. They entered through the large double doors and took a set on the furniture in front of the fireplace. 
Ulric approached his spirits cabinet, studied the bottles before shaking his head, and looked over at Knut sitting on the sofa. “Are you seeking anything in particular? I have a Chardonnay in the cellar you might enjoy,” he offered his relative.
“It was a long flight,” Knut said as he leaned back and made himself comfortable. “I’m in the mood for something stronger.”
“Before noon, I like your style,” Ulric grinned as he reached for a bottle of gin. “Care for a drink, Ion?” 
“No, thanks,” Ion replied, unable to stomach one so early. He was still feeling slightly hungover from the previous night.
“So, Ion, what brings you all this way?” Knut asked while awaiting his drink. “Has your clan finally reconsidered Ulric’s offer to join the Council?”
Ion hesitated, unsure how to answer the question. 
Sensing Ion’s uncertainty, Ulric walked over and handed Knut the drink. “Don’t worry, Knut,” he reassured while taking a seat. “You know old Titus’ is too dedicated to his village to care about our mission. No, I invited Ion here strictly for pleasure. He knows my daughters from our summers visiting Delilah’s family.”
Knut finished his drink and placed the empty glass down on the table before him. “Good,” he exclaimed with a grin. “I was worried you planned to nominate them. As I said earlier, I have the perfect clan in mind to fill the vacancy.”
“I should warn you, you are not the only one to have nominations,” Ulric said regrettably. “But don’t let that discourage you. We are a democracy, so everyone’s nomination stands the same chance.” 
Knut rolled his eyes, visibly disappointed by the news. “We both know any nomination you back will secure the most votes.”
Ulric nodded in agreement, unable to refute the accurate observation. “Even if your nomination is unsuccessful this time, I anticipate another vacancy soon.”
Knut appeared surprised by this news. “Really? What happened?”
“Well, last time I talked to Agastya, he was ranting about the need to move to some distant continent, something about atrocities. You know how impulsive the Gaia can be. I wouldn’t be surprised if there were a mass exodus of them soon.”
“What kind of atrocities?” Ion asked curiously. 
“Not sure exactly,” Ulric replied. “They are a powerful but fickle bunch. The Gaia are wonderful allies, but they march to the beat of their own drum, or should I say mother nature’s drum. They consider themselves protectors of the earth, and their ability to communicate with the planet means their loyalties are often divided.” Noticing that Knut’s glass was empty, Ulric asked, “Would you like a refill?”
“No,” Knut replied. “But I’m hungry, though. What do you have planned for lunch?”
“Of course,” Ulric nodded to both his guests. “I’m sure you’re all eager for something to eat. Come, let us go see what the cook has planned for lunch,” he declared while standing up. 
Knut and Ion smiled at the mention of food as they followed their host towards the kitchen. 

ΟΟΟΟΟΟΟ

It was mid-evening by the time Ion ran into Adonia again. He had spent most of the day in Ulric and Knut's company as three of them continued talking into the afternoon while eating an assortment of snacks. Ion went solo after lunch once more of Ulric’s guests arrived, feeling the need to get away from the growing commotion. 
Ion took a walk by the lake to rest peacefully under the tree shade before going back to his quarters. He had just finished preparing for the big dinner when he spotted Adonia talking to her twin sister Cyrene in the hallway. Their conversation was too quiet to overhear, but they looked like they were in a heated discussion with an angry expression on both sisters’ faces. The conversation ended when Cyrene spotted Ion approach and said something to her sister, causing Adonia to look towards him and smile. Cyrene quickly stormed away as Ion approached Adonia. 
 “I was wondering when I would run into you,” Adonia greeted with a smile. “So, has my father introduce you to his entourage yet?”
“Some of them, I think,” Ion replied. 
“Don’t worry. I’m sure you’ll meet the rest tonight,” Adonia joked. “Speaking of which, I’m going to get ready. I’ll be down soon,” she said before parting for her room. 
As Ion descended the stairs to the main floor, he noticed that the castle was full of activity. Many of the people he passed he already knew from his stay, but there were a few fresh faces. The foyer and parlour contained about twenty-five kin scattered in small groups conversing and imbibing various beverages. Each guest’s unique clothing provided some clue to their origins, with outfits ranging from formal dresses to tunics and traditional layered robes. 
Ion looked around and spotted Cyrene, Greydon, and a few others standing near one corner of the large room. On the other side, Ulric and Ultima stood amongst a large group that had broken out in laughter at something Ulric said. As Ion surveyed the crowd, he spotted Cyrene raise her hand and motion for him to join their group. 
Ion walked across the room towards the party containing Greydon, another unknown Venti male and sisters Cyrene, Sophia, Esther, and Mary. The women were all wearing similar gowns of different colours. 
 “Thanks for coming over, Ion,” greeted Cyrene with a smile. “We wanted to introduce you to Galvez, Greydon’s twin,” she said while motioning to the unknown male. Galvez was much taller and muscular than his brother, with a thick head of silver hair. 
 “Nice to meet you,” said Ion, sizing up the slightly larger male. 
Galvez grinned slightly and nodded, “You too.”
 “Where’s Adonia,” Mary wondered, looking around. 
“You know how she is,” Cyrene said, rolling her eyes at the mentioning of her twin. “She always has to be the center of attention with her grandiose entrances.” She looked over at Ion across from her and noticed that something behind her caught his attention. Cyrene turned around to see her sister descending the stairs in an elegant golden-coloured backless gown. She scowled when she looked around to discover that everyone was focusing on her approaching twin. 
Mary smiled in amazement at her oldest sister’s beauty. “Adonia, you look beautiful,” the adolescent beamed. 
“Thanks,” Adonia said, blushing. 
Unwilling to watch her sister receiving all the attention, Cyrene thought of an excuse to step away. “I’m going to get a drink. Does anyone want one?”
“I’ll take a glass of wine,” Adonia requested with a smile. “White, please.”
Cyrene forced a smile as she nodded in agreement and departed the group. 
Adonia continued to smile as she looked around at the small group of her relatives and Ion. “What time does dinner start?” she asked, looking towards her sisters. “I’m starving.”
“It should be starting any minute now,” Sophia answered. 
“Not a bad turnout,” Adonia said, looking around. “I think the entire upper chamber is here.”
“Upper chamber?” Ion asked curiously. 
“It’s what we call the heads of each clan,” Esther explained. “Normally, there are seven clans that make up the Council, but we only have six at the moment.”
“Not for long, though,” Greydon added. “They plan to vote on the newest introduction after dinner.”
As Greydon spoke, Cyrene returned with the beverages. “Here you go, sister,” she said while handing Adonia a glass of red wine. 
 “Sister, you know I’m not partial to red,” Adonia said while accepting the glass. 
 “Sorry, it was the only kind I could find,” Cyrene replied with a shrug. 
 “That’s okay. Thank you for the drink,” Adonia said before taking a sip and making an odd face from the awful taste. “It tastes worst than I remember,” she explained, looking like she wanted to spit it out. 
 “I’m sure it will taste better once you get used to it,” Cyrene remarked before taking a sip of her water. 
Adonia looked like she was about to say something but stopped when the room suddenly grew silent. Everyone turned to see Ulric and Ultima standing at the top of the stairs, ready to address their clan and guests. 
Ulric cleared his throat before speaking. “My sister and I wanted to take a moment to say thank you all for joining us tonight. I hope you are all hungry because dinner is ready to be served. Please make your way towards the dining hall.”
With that said, everyone proceeded towards the hall. Inside was a long table that could seat fifteen on each side, with Ulric and Ultima positioned on either end. Greydon, Cyrene and three of her sisters took a seat next to Ulric on one end while Ion and Adonia sat near the table's center. 
Adonia stopped and smiled as Ion pulled out a chair for her. “Thank you,” she said before taking her seat. 
Seated across from the couple were Knut and his wife, joined by their adult children, opposite-sex twins named Byleiptr and Anna. Byleiptr possessed similar features as his parents, while Anna had a slightly darker complexion and long, bi-coloured, mostly golden hair with black bangs.
   The fest consisted of goose, veal, lamb, some fish Ion had no interest in, and salads and other cooked vegetables. Most of the guests fixated on the protein while paying little mind to the side dishes. 
Kunt and Anita talked to Ion about their respective clans and village dynamics as the only Aurora at the table. As he downed his second pint of ale, Ion grew intrigued to hear about how Ion’s clan lived. 
“You know, we share a common ancestor,” Knut started to say after placing down his empty mug. 
“Who doesn’t,” Ion joked before taking another sip of his beverage. 
“True, but my great-great-great-grandmother was Zeus’ elder sister,” Kunt said, looking at Ion with a grin. “If it weren’t for her decision to leave before the great war, my clan would be the guardians of the shield.”
“Not necessarily,” Adonia replied. “The guardian is free to pass the shield on to any Aurora descendant he desires. It’s more likely that he would have endowed the artifact to a son.” 
Kunt frowned at the female. “You don’t think he would follow tradition and pass it on to his eldest child?”
Adonia shook her head in disagreement. “I think you were underestimating the misogynistic influences on clan power structures four thousand years ago,” she explained with a grin. “I can’t speak for the Aurora, but I know our clan is still suffering the effects of those same prejudices to this day.”
Ion chuckled at Adonia’s rebuttal. “Touché,” he said softly, not wanting to disconcert his fellow Aurora. Thankfully, the noise from the other guests helped drown out his voice. 
With Knut and his family disengaging from the conversation to concentrate on eating, Ion took the opportunity to talk privately with Adonia. “Does your father host these extravagant dinners often?”
“All the time,” Adonia replied with a hint of annoyance. “My father and aunt never missed an excuse to mingle in some way, but the larger events only occur a few times a year.”
“It certainly is a glorious feast but much different from the dinners we throw at home,” Ion explained. “You should come to my village sometime. My grandmother makes a tasty chicken with saffron and rice.”
Adonia blushed at the offer. “That sounds delicious,” he said while poking her food with a fork.  
“Not hungry,” Ion observed.
“Not feeling well,” Adonia replied, placing down her cutlery. “I think the red wine upset my stomach.”
“Sorry to hear,” Ion said before taking another bite. He could tell she looked uncomfortable and unwell. “Are you okay?” he asked with a concerned expression. 
“I should be fine,” Adonia said through gritted teeth. She picked up her fork and tried to eat a few more bites. 
It did not take long for most of the guests to finish eating. The meal was starting to wind down as everyone continued talking and drinking. Ion had just cleaned his plate when he looked to his right to find Adonia holding her midsection in pain. 
“You sure you’re okay?” Ion asked, noticing her discomfort. 
“No, I think I need to go lie down for a little,” she said softly, not wanting any of the other guests to notice. 
Ion stood up to help Adonia out of her seat. “Let me escort you to your room,” he said while holding her hand for comfort. 
Adonia looked embarrassed by the offer. “No, you stay,” she insisted. “I’m sure it’s nothing.”
Ion gave her a worried expression but released Adonia’s hand, respecting her request to go solo. “I hope you feel better soon,” he said while pushing back in her chair.
Adonia smiled faintly. “Thank you,” she said before exiting the dining hall. 
Kunt’s wife Anita must have noticed that something was wrong because she looked at Ion as he sat back down. 
“Is everything okay?” Anita asked Ion. 
“She needed to step away for a moment,” Ion explained, unsure of what else to say. 
The remainder of the dinner was uneventful. After everyone finished eating, Ulric thanked his guests before retreating to another room with the other senior Council members. Ion was not in the mood to socialize and was about to retire to his room when Esther approached him. 
“Where’s Adonia?” Esther asked, having noticed that her sister had not returned. 
“She said she wasn’t feeling well and went to her room,” Ion explained, unable to hide the uneasiness in his voice. 
A troubled expression appeared on Esther’s face. “I’ll go check on her,” she said before leaving. 
Ion felt relieved to know that Adonia’s sister was going to check on her. Feeling a little better, he finally retreated to his room. It was mid-evening, and although he was feeling only mildly tired, he was in no mood to mingle with strangers. His mind was preoccupied with the events over the last few days. He enjoyed his time with Adonia and was eager to find out how she was doing. She had visited his room every night since his arrival, so he wondered if he would see her again tonight. At first, he questioned the anxiety he was feeling until it dawned on him that he was falling for the female Venti, unable to shake her from his thoughts. He had been with many women in the past, but none made him feel these complex and conflicting emotions. 
Ion sat looking at a bottle of liquor from the previous night. It sat on the table with a little less than a quarter remaining. As if calling to him, Ion stood up to retrieve the bottle and placed it to his lips, taking a few gulps before returning to his bed. He kicked off his shoes and leaned back in a comfortable position while enjoying the rest of his drink. After some time passed with no sign of Adonia and the bottle empty, Ion started to feel his eyes grow heavy. 
Deciding to turn in for the night, Ion undressed before snuffing the candle and retreating into bed. He quickly fell asleep despite the noise from the party guests still resonating throughout the castle. As the night progressed, the commotion slowly diminished as guests departed or turned in for the night. 
It was nearing midnight, and Ion was deep asleep when the sound of his door opening roused him slightly. He could hear someone close the door and approach the bed. Since Adonia spending the night with him was a regular occurrence, he was not surprised when he felt a female figure body crawl into bed and wrap an arm around his torso. Now slightly awake, Ion wrapped his large arm around her waist. Although their faces were just inches apart, it was too dark to see each other and Ion's eyes were still too tired to open fully.  
Ion sighed in comfort as he held her tight. “How are you feeling?” Ion whispered, sounding concerned. 
“Shhh,” the female voice said as her finger grazed his lips. She moved her hand and leaned forward to kiss. 
As Ion slipped off her nightgown, her soft hands started to drift lower towards his stiffing penis. Ion started to kiss her neck and breasts as she grabbed him tight, thrusting her hips against his. Wasting little time for foreplay, she wrapped her legs around his and shifted herself on top of him. Ion shivered in pleasure at the welcoming moisture as he entered her. 
As the two engaged in intercourse, Ion could not help but notice that something was amiss. He was not sure if it was because he was sleepy, but Adonia’s moans sounded different than he remembered. He did not question it further with the pleasure of the moment suppressing any minor doubts. 
Time felt lost as they took turns giving and taking in a fit of passion. Ion could feel the wetness dripping from his balls as she pressed against him. The feeling of her tightening around his cock while climaxing caused him to do the same. 
After they finished fornicating, Ion was surprised when his partner exited the bed with her nightgown. He expected Adonia to stay and sleep together like she did every night before, so he was surprised when she dressed and walked towards the chamber door. It was at this point that Ion could no longer shake the feeling that something was wrong. 
“You’re not staying?” Ion asked the figure he could barely make out in the surrounding darkness. 
The figure stopped when she reached the bedroom door. “Not tonight. Goodnight,” she whispered before quickly leaving. 
There was no mistaking it this time. Ion’s heart immediately sank upon realizing that it was not Adonia. He was not entirely sure who owned the familiar voice, but he had the suspicion that it was Adonia’s twin. Ion was furious over the trickery and disappointed in himself for being duped.  
As he rested his head, his mind raced, thinking about Adonia and what he had done. Ion was so tired and confused. He wondered if this was some sick joke they were playing on him. Ion was nervous about what tomorrow held, but once the exhaustion finally overpowered him, he drifted back to sleep.  

ΟΟΟΟΟΟΟ

August 25th, 1580

It was early the following day when Ion awakened to a commotion outside his bedroom. Although he was still in need of more sleep, he could not ignore the sound of females yelling in the distance. Unable to ignore the unrest any longer, Ion dressed and exited the room to see what was happening. As Ion walked down the hallway towards the source of the arguing, he spotted Sophia ascending the stairs towards him. 
 “I wouldn’t go down there if I were you,” Sophia warned with a smile like she just witnessed something funny.
“Why? What’s going on?” Ion asked the younger female. 
 “Adonia and Cyrene are going at it again,” Sophia replied. “Mary told Esther that she spotted Cyrene leave your room late last night, so naturally, Esther informed Adonia.” The smile disappeared from Sophia’s face as she looked at Ion in disgust. “How could you do that to Adonia?”
“It was a mistake,” Ion said sincerely. “I was sleeping when she came into my room and crawled into bed… I thought it was Adonia.”
Sophia paused for a moment to consider his explanation. “I believe you, but I’m not sure what you can do about it now. Adonia is pretty upset.”
Ion ran his hands through his thick blond hair in frustration. “I’m such a fool.”
“Yep,” Sophia said before continuing towards her bedroom, leaving Ion alone to wallow in regret. 
As Ion slowly descended the stairs, he noticed that the commotion had dissipated. He had just reached the main floor when he ran into Ulric walking from the sitting room. 
“Ion, can we have a word?” Ulric asked his guest. 
Ulric took Ion to the library to talk privately. 
“Take a seat,” Ulric said as they entered the library. “Can I get you a drink?” 
“No,” Ion replied after taking a seat. With all the drinking he had been doing over the last few days, he knew it was going to be a long time before another spirit touch his lips. 
Ulric cleared his throat before taking a seat across from Ion. “As you are likely aware, my sister and I have spent the morning trying to fix the fallout from last night.”
Although Ion feared no one, he felt uneasy sitting across from a man whose two daughters he fucked within days of each other. Ion looked at Ulric with genuine regret. “It was a mistake. I had no desire to sleep with Cyrene.”
Ulric nodded in agreement. “The feud between my eldest daughters dates back to birth. The desire to outmatch her twin consumes Cyrene and has affected every aspect of their lives.”
“So she did it to hurt her sister?” Ion asked.
“Let’s just say that this is not the first time Cyrene has tried to prevent her sister’s happiness,” Ulric explained with a heavy sigh. “The idea that Adonia might receive minor advantages for being firstborn drives her to do outlandish things.”
“What happens now?” Ion wondered, unsure how he should proceed. “Can I talk to Adonia?”
“I don’t think that’s wise,” Ulric explained. 
“Why not?” Ion demanded, sounding upset. “Don’t I get a chance to apologize? Let her know how sorry I am.”
Ulric shook his head no. “I know you feel let down, but Adonia’s made her wishes clear. As we speak, she is preparing to leave with Ultima to spend some time with Ultima’s husband’s clan in Asia.”
Ion was visibly upset by this news. “You tangle me up in some sisterly feud with no warning and expect me to walk away?”
Ulric shook his head in furstration. “I didn’t think Cyrene would stoop to this,” he said truthfully. “Who knows what the passage of time holds for Adonia and you but what her sister did cut deep. I’m sorry for any discomfort this causes. At least you can leave knowing that I am indebted to you.”
Ion stood up, having no desire to continue the conversation. “I have nothing more to say other than to inform you that this is goodbye,” he declared before turning towards the exit. 
“Please pass on my regards to your grandfather,” Ulric informed the younger man as he walked away. “I’m sure we will see each other soon.”
Too distraught to respond, Ion continued towards the library exit to prepare for his long journey home.





XIII-II



June 1st, 1598


The Kin Village

Deep within a mountainous village hidden along the Afghan-Pakistan border, Ulric visited Victor, an old Venti acquaintance. Like many clans in the small town, Ulric had known Victor’s family for generations and was inside the lodge catching up on the last year. Victor and Ulric were sitting alone as Victor complained to Ulric about the latest village drama. 
 “Now the whole village is blaming us for the discord,” Victor complained before taking another sip of his tea. “It’s been a decade since we defied Titus’ clan. We’ve accepted our defeat.”
 “I admire your probity,” Ulric remarked. “I know Azazel was the one to challenge Cronus, but if I were in your shoes,  I don’t think I would be able to follow the man who killed my father.”
Victor frowned. “My father was a fool. He thought others would follow if he challenged the chief, but he failed to consider how cowardly they all are.”
“Why doesn’t your clan leave this village?” Ulric asked. “What’s the point of staying if the other clans are against you?”
Victor rolled his eyes. “Where do you expect us to go? This village has been our home since its creation.”
“I can help you,” Ulric offered. “Venti need to stick together. Your whole clan could stay with me. I’m sure it won’t be long before you get back on your feet.”
Victor looked skeptically at his friend. “Did Ion put you up to this?”
“Of course not,” Ulric said defensively. “Why would you ask that?” 
“The whole village knows about his visit to your castle,” Victor said, sounding resentful. “You’ve been trying to get that clan to join you for centuries now.”
“This has nothing to do with Ion or his clan,” Ulric reiterated. “I would like to offer you a chance to join my organization. As guardians of a relic, I think your clan would be a perfect addition.” Ulric paused, finally noticing that something was missing. “Now that I mention it. Where is your Venti ornament? I thought you were its caretaker.” 
 “I gave it to my eldest son Jacob. As the next in line, I thought it was time for him to take on some of the responsibilities,” Victor explained before sitting up straight in his seat, intrigued by Ulric’s proposition. “So, what exactly does your offer entail?”
Ulric smiled delightfully. “A vacancy has opened within the council, and I plan to nominate you. It’s an opportunity for your clan to advance and forget this little village.”
Victor shook his head in disagreement. “You want me to uproot my entire family for a chance to join the council? Sorry, but I need more assurance than that.”  
Ulric looked a little insulted by Victor’s rebuff but pressed on. “A nomination from me is a sure thing,” he corrected. “What else could you want?”
Victor grinned. “I thought Venti needed to stick together. My son Godric is infatuated with your youngest. Maybe we can make an arrangement.”
“Mary?” Ulric said, surprised by the unexpected proposition. “I’m not sure if she would agree. There is another in this village she has her eyes on.”
Victor rolled his eyes. “I see you playing matchmaker with your other daughters. Wouldn’t you want another Venti clan folded into your mix? You know my clan is an asset to your mission, or else you wouldn’t be here offering me a chance to join the Council.”
There was a moment of silence as Ulric contemplated Victor’s request. He was hesitant to put so much pressure on his youngest daughter, but the mission was paramount.  “I think we should be able to reach an agreement,” he agreed. “But if I do this, I expect you to use your sway with the other clans to follow me when the time comes.”
“Of course,” Victor replied, beaming with joy. “I’m looking forward to leaving this place. Jacob has been spending all of his time with a Gaia girl. I think it’s best if they took a break.”
Ulric smiled faintly and lifted to his mug. “Here’s to a new union,” he declared before gulping his hot beverage. 
“Yes, a union years in the making,” Victor agreed as he held up his drink before finishing his last drop. With the business talk out of the way, the two males continued to sit back and relax as they caught up on old times and hopes for the future. 

ΟΟΟΟΟΟΟ

July 20th, 1892


Ipsen Castle, Germany

It was the evening of Ulric and Ultima’s annual reunion, and the large castle was lively with activity. Clans from across the globe had arrived for the massive feast, and everyone appeared to be enjoying themselves. It was a positive change to Ultima’s recent sombre mood. Having lost her husband three months prior, she had been too consumed with grief to enjoy the company of others. The death was unexpected, having been murdered on a mission assisting allied clans, and the failure to locate the killer exacerbated her emotional turmoil. With the darkness she had felt since Gideon’s passing, this evening was the first time she found herself distracted from the pain. 
Ultima had stepped outside to get some fresh air when her brother approached looking for her. Ultima sat on the stone bench in the courtyard, looking up at the cloudless night sky. 
Ulric took the empty seat next to her. “It’s almost time,” he said, following his sister’s gaze up at the stars. 
Ultima paused, her thoughts preoccupied with something she had to get off her chest. She finally turned to address her brother and said, “Greydon was not happy when I told him.”
 “Why?” Ulric questioned, surprised by this news. “With you as clan elder, it only makes sense that he becomes your delegate.”
“Everything is changing for him,” Ultima said, sounding more upset. “He just lost his father, and you asked me to spring this on him now. It should have come from you.”
“He had to of known this coming,” Ulric explained. “Why wouldn’t I choose a grandson as my delegate? He’s keeping the same position in the upper chamber, so it’s not like I’m demoting him. You can run the business until your boys are old enough, and Greydon can continue accompanying me on all the business trips.”
Ultima turned to her brother with a stern expression. “You had him believing you would nominate for the tribunal. That he would be next in line.”
Ulric shook his head in disagreement. “I spoke with no such certainty,” he retorted. “The tribunal is centuries away. Plus, any elder can nominate someone, so there is still a chance for him.”
Ultima frowned, knowing very well that Ulric's nomination has the likeliest chance for success. Not wanting to start an argument, she decided to change the subject. “Are you sure about your choice for delegate?” she asked, thinking about his upcoming announcement. 
“Septimus is a perfect choice,” Ulric confirmed. “He’s a Venti, and his lack of wings makes him perfect for the next phase of our expansion. He can be our bridge to the human world.”
“Why not Malachi?” Ultima asked. 
“I know it was not our initial plan,” Ulric explained, “but choosing Septimus should appease Victor’s clan while preventing further discord between Cyrene and Adonia. Plus, I think I honoured my deal with Ion by taking in his surviving niece and her children.”
Ultima rolled her eyes. “It’s your choice, brother,” Nyx said before standing up to go back inside. “But I warn you that I’ve had far fewer envisions with Septimus by your side. You should tread carefully.”
“I need not worry with you by my side, sister,” Ulric said as he followed Ultima back inside the castle. 
Ulric held his sister’s arm as the siblings walked towards the banquet hall. Their annual reunion that started as an intimate gathering of immediate family members had grown into a massive affair. 
The banquet hall had seven large tables with six positioned vertically alongside each other and a giant table standing perpendicular to the rest. The vibrant room was full of voices talking and children squealing as they played. 
Nyx’s two pre-pubescent adolescent offspring, Styx and Kharon, played knucklebones on the floor on one side of the room. The Aurora siblings were with a small group of similarly aged children comprised of the Venti triplets Wyatt, Levi, Kai and Undine sisters Bethany and Melanie. Melinda and Lazarus, the girls’ parents, sat nearby, watching the competing children. 
Bethany and Melanie’s triplet brother Laszlo was seated on the other side of the room talking with Darya, a similarly aged girl he had been crushing on for some time. Seated next to Laszlo was a young Axel, who was slightly older than the two love birds. Ignoring the couple beside him, the redhead was busy talking to Malachi and Exodus to his right. The other adults seated at that table were Kujo, Kurai, Kafka, Slater, Esther, and Lucis. Exodus looked similar to Malachi with bright golden hair, except his hair was shorter, and he was taller and more muscular than his lean brother. 
Knut’s clan was one of the largest, taking up a whole table. It was apparent that the patriarch was showing off his clan’s robustness by bringing his entire family, including Anna’s four teenage children and Byleiptr’s eight young adult children, all well-known Aurora warriors. 
While Victor and Knut’s clans mainly sat together in their family units, the other tables contained mingling families. Gabriel, Gillies, his wife Aalish, and their young sons Marid and Iblis were seated at one table with Zenos, Azriel, Orit, and a few members from the two Egyptian clans. 
One table over, near the back, contained Zoelle and her mother talking as toddlers Zaeris and Zachariah explored nearby on the floor. Joining them were a few other women feeding their babies and toddlers. 
One table over sat Sophia and Giddiel with a group of Undines and Aurora from Ultima and Orit’s clans.
Despite the large crowd and chaotic commotion, a calm passed over the room as soon as Ultima and Ulric entered. Anyone not seated quickly found their place once the siblings made their way to the head table.
Ulric and Ultima greeted a few late arrivals as they travelled towards the head table, where some of their offspring and closest allies await. Lucinda was sitting at Victor’s table talking with her mother Sandra and brothers Ardyn and Lucis, but realizing that the dinner was about to start, she left to retrieve her sons and take their places next to Septimus.
Although Ulric and Ultima invited some to sit with them at the head table, there was no seating assignment and ample room for the rapidly growing clans. To Ultima’s right sat Greydon, Galvez, his Ifrit wife Felicia, and their two young Ifrit girls. Apart from their slightly darker complexions, the female children were spitting images of their mother with long bright red hair and red eyes. Styx, Kharon, and Nyx sat next to the girls, followed by a few unoccupied seats. To Ulric’s left sat Adonia, Cyrene, Septimus, Lucinda, and their triplet boys. 
As soon as Ulric and Ultima took their seats, the human servers started to fill everyone’s chalice with a selection of wine or another beverage of their choosing. Once the staff had served the majority of the guests, Ulric stood up to address the crowd. 
“Welcome, my beloved family and esteemed friends. It brings my sister and me great joy to have you all here today,” Ulric proclaimed. “Although we are still coming to terms with the untimely passing that had befallen our family, having you here has helped soothed our sorrow and bolstered our union. Change like this is devastating, but if we stick together, I know we will come out stronger than ever.” Ulric reached over, picked up his chalice and raised his beverage high. “May our solidarity and sovereignty prosper into the next millennia!” he declared before taking a sip of his drink. The entire room erupted in cheers as everyone followed suit. 
As soon as the toast was over, the servers started to bring out the main course. They were nearing halfway through the meal when a loud shatter erupted from across the table, followed immediately by a female scream. Everyone looked towards the commotion to find Septimus holding his throat as if he was choking. Lucinda stood over her husband, panic-stricken as foam started to come from his mouth. 
“Help! Something’s wrong!” Lucinda called, catching Septimus as he fell sideways out of his chair. 
Everyone watched in horror as Septimus’ eyes started to roll back into his head, and his body convulsed in a seizure. 
“Are there any healers that can help him!” Ulric called to the crowd in a panic before rushing over to his grandson’s side. 
Pandora, who was seated next to her husband Victor, stood up to assist. She was a tall and slim Venti with brown skin, pale blue eyes, and long white hair fading to a powder blue just past her shoulders. She rushed over towards the crowd surrounding Septimus as he laid unconscious on the floor. 
“I might be able to help,” Pandora said as she approached Ultima standing at the back of the group, but no one would step aside. 
Lucinda was trying to wake her husband after he finished seizing. Hearing Pandora talking in the back of the group, she lifted her head. “She can help. Let her through,” Lucinda ordered the onlookers. Greydon and Galvez moved aside to let Pandora pass.
“I think it’s poison,” Lucinda informed her grandmother as she approached. 
“Impossible, he’s a Venti,” remarked Galvez as he stood around watching the scene before him. 
Pandora approached the semi-conscious man, leaned over his face, and kissed him with a long, wet saliva exchange. 
“What are you doing, woman?” Ulric demanded, shocked by what he just witnessed. 
“My grandmother’s saliva has healing properties,” Lucinda clarified. 
Pandora rolled her eyes and stopped kissing Septimus to look up at the crowd. “If you prefer, I can spit in his mouth, but people usually find it more off-putting.”
Lucinda was so worried. She did not hear the side conversation while focusing on her husband. “Did it work?” she asked her grandmother hopefully. 
Pandora finished checking his pulse and breathing before looking up at her granddaughter. “He’s breathing normally. We should take him somewhere comfortable,’ she directed, prompting Greydon and Galvez to pick up Septimus and follow Ulric towards the exit with Lucinda and Pandora. 
As Ulric left with Septimus, Ultima glanced back at the table to see Nyx inspecting Septimus’ meal. The female picked up his drink and smelled it before making a foul face and placing it back down. 
“Did you find something?” Ultima asked while approaching the table. 
“I saw the server pour our wine from the same bottle, but his drink smells different,” Nyx explained. 
Ultima walked over to Septimus’ chalice and sniffed the beverage. “It does smell rancid,” she agreed while placing down the cup with a disgusted look on her face.
“Why would someone want to poison him?” Nyx asked. 
Ultima did not answer as she looked out at the horde of potential suspects. With many scared of the food, most guests were no longer eating as loud murmurs hummed over the crowd. While surveying the room, Ultima’s eyes stopped when she noticed Kujo and Kurai still eating and talking like nothing was wrong.
 “What I like to know is how was he poisoned?” Ultima wondered, her gut telling her that twins were involved in some way.  



XIII-III



July 7th, 1777


The Kin Village

The cool night air had brought a thick blanket of mist over the village. It was mid-evening, and Arroyo was home alone with her toddler son Marcus. She was beginning to settle down for the night and had changed into her nightgown but was still wearing her mother’s antique necklace, comprised of a deep-blue orb gem embedded into a thick silver pendant on a silver-coloured chain. Arroyo had just finished braiding her hair and was about to take it off when there was a knock on the door, and someone entered. It was her twin brother Lazarus with his two young children, Trent and Brook. Trent was the spitting image of his father with a dark olive complexion, deep blue eyes, and bi-coloured hair consisting of black roots that faded to a dark blue at the end. 
Arroyo noted the troubled expression on Lazarus’ face and immediately knew something was amiss. Standing up to fetch Marcus off the bed, she approached her brother.
“Do you mind watching them?” Lazarus asked as he pushed his young children in front of him. 
“What’s wrong?” Arroyo asked as she placed Marcus down to play with his older cousins. 
“I have something important I need to take care of,” Lazarus explained nervously.
“Sure, I can watch them,” Arroyo offered.
“Where’s Flint and Alexander?” asked Lazarus, noticing that her husband and one son were absent. 
“Alexander was acting a little fussy, so Flint took him for a walk,” explained Arroyo. 
Lazarus nodded. “Their mother will be by soon to pick them up,” he said before turning to the door and exiting. 
Having noticed that her bother was acting strange, Arroyo turned to Trent and Brook. “Why is your dad acting strange?” she asked her niece and nephew. 
“Mom and dad are fighting,” Brook said with a hint of sadness while handing Marcus one of his toys. 
Feeling bad for the child, Arroyo smiled faintly. “Are you hungry?” she asked the children. “Would you like a biscuit?”
Marcus smiled and crawled over to the cupboard for a sweet. The two children followed the toddler over to Arroyo. 
After the children settled, Arroyo was starting to feel sleepy when she was suddenly alerted to the sound of a woman screaming. 
Arroyo ran outside and spotted an Aurora named Fulger and his wife walk by her. “What happened?” she asked the passing couple. 
“A scream came from Ion’s house,” Fulger replied. 
Ion’s placed was only a few dwellings down, so she went over to make sure everything was only. Blitz was standing outside the cabin, holding a large dagger. A crowd was beginning to form around her as she yelled in anger. Arroyo spotted Flint standing at the back of the horde holding their son as he slept. Flint was a tall and slim man with a fair complexion, red eyes, and a thick head of crimson hair. 
“What happened?” Arroyo asked her husband. 
“Not sure. I just arrived,” Flint replied with a shrug. “But when I was walking Alexander earlier, I heard arguing coming from Ion’s place.”
“I’m watching my brother’s kids. Are you coming?” she asked her partner. 
“I’ll join you in a few minutes,” Flint replied, not wanting to take his eyes off the train wreck in front of him.
“Do you want me to take him?” Arroyo asked, motioning to their sleeping child.
Flint smiled playfully. “I’m fine. You shouldn’t be overworking yourself,” he whispered while motioning to her slightly pregnant midsection. 
Arroyo smiled back. “Don’t take too long,” Arroyo said before kissing him on the cheek. Not wanting to leave the children alone for too long, Arroyo retreated to her house. 
When Arroyo returned home, the kids were playing where she left them. She had just sat down on the floor to play with Marcus and the youths when she heard yelling coming from outside. This time it was more than just one person, and it sounded like the whole village was yelling at each other. She knew something was seriously wrong when she heard to sounds of women screaming. She waited a few minutes, hoping Flint would come home with Alexander, but when she overheard the distinct crackling of fire outside, she knew she had to do something.
Arroyo quickly gathered the children and left to see what was going on. She was horrified when she exited her home to find her village on fire while her family and friends were too busy fighting each other to notice. Frightened by all the chaos and yelling, Marcus tightened his grip around her neck while Brook and Trent grabbed hold of her nightgown. 
“Flint! Lazarus!” Arroyo called out for her partner and brother, hoping one of them was nearby. She was about to search for her husband near Ion’s house, where they talked just moments earlier, but before Arroyo could even take a step, her neighbour confronted them. It was a female Aurora named Eva, whom Arroyo had known her entire life. Eva’s eyes were glowing a bright yellow as she approached with an angry expression on her face.
“Eva, what’s wrong?” Arroyo asked as she lowered Marcus to the ground and moved the children behind her as a precaution. “What’s going on?”  
Eva did not say a word as she continued to towards Arroyo and the children. It was as if Eva was in a trace, ignoring the pleas of her friend as she slowly approached. 
“HELP!” Arroyo screamed. Her stomach started to turn, and her heart raced when she noticed sparks flickering from Eva’s hands. She was about to go back into her house when she spotted someone approaching from behind. Eva stopped suddenly as a sword penetrated through her torso, causing her to collapse to the ground. Standing behind Eva’s was Diana, holding a sword and an infant. She had a singed dress and a nasty burn on her left arm. 
Tears started to form in Arroyo’s eyes as she watched one of her good friends die in front of her. 
“What did you do? What’s going on?” Arroyo asked in shock from the violence she just witnessed. 
“The entire village has gone mad,” explained Diana while trying to soothe the crying baby in her arms. 
Arroyo knelt to comfort her mortally wounded friend when Diana approached, stopping Arroyo in her tracks.  
“We have to go.”
Agreeing with the older woman, Arroyo picked up Marcus and followed Diana towards the outskirts of the village. There was yelling and screaming all around them as she watched the mobs engulfed in battle. Arroyo stopped in her tracks when she heard the distinct sound of Alexander crying for his mommy. 
“Alexander!” Arroyo screamed as she was about to change direction towards the sound of her son’s frantic voice. 
“No!” Diana said, stopping Arroyo from walking towards the large mob in the center of the village. “It’s too dangerous. We don’t stand a chance with the children. We’ll bring them somewhere safe and then rescue the others.”
Arroyo reluctantly followed Diana towards Tara’s house. Unlike most other villagers, Tara and Nyx stood outside with Tara’s daughters, appearing perfectly normal. As they approached, Arroyo noticed the sisters’ grandmother Spitha lying unconscious on the ground. 
“We must flee the village,” said Tara.
“I'm not leaving without Alexander,” said Arroyo, shaking her head. “We lost him in the commotion.”
“Don't worry, Arroyo,” reassured Diana. “I'm not leaving until I find my brother and the rest of my clan. I'll help you look for your son.”
“Take the little ones to safety,” Diana said while taking the baby over to Nyx. “We will meet you at the Beaumont sanctuary.”
Arroyo reluctantly handed Marcus to Tara and ran back towards the chaos with Diana. By the time she reached the town’s center, the fighting had decreased, but the fire was raging on and had almost engulfed half the village. Everyone’s eyes glowed as they attacked each other in a blinding rage, unconcerned by the fire destroying their homes around them. Arroyo tried not to let the sight of the bodies of people she knew her entire life upset her as she focused on finding her son. 
Diana was in the lead fending off any attackers with her sword as they made their way towards the village center. In the distance, Arroyo spotted Adam fighting two Undines with his dagger in hand. He appeared perfectly normal, trying to avoid fighting in his effort to flee. Arroyo was about to suggest that they assisted him when she was distracted by the sound of a child wailing. Arroyo followed the cries next to a home with two bodies on the ground, and Alexander curled up sobbing with his back to the wall. Arroyo ran over and scooped up her son, holding him tight. She broke down crying when spotting her dead husband's mangled body through the darkness. 
“I’m sorry, Arroyo, but we need to go,” Diana said as she kept watch for attackers. The heat from the fire was beginning to become unbearable in their current location.
Reluctantly agreeing with Diana, Arroyo followed the older woman with Alexander in her arms. She held her son tight as they raced through the village. Arroyo could no longer see Adam when they ran through the center. She hoped he was okay while trying not to think the worst. 
Arroyo followed Diana towards a small cluster of houses and was surprised when Diana entered Jupiter and Blitz’s home. Arroyo followed Diana inside and immediately shielded her son’s eyes from the sight of the deceased twin brothers. Lying face down near the entrance was Jupiter with a wound to his throat. Closer to the bed was Ion’s naked body with a more extensive injury to the chest. 
Wanting to leave, Arroyo turned to Diana and was shocked to find the woman tearing through the family’s belongings.
“What are you doing?” Arroyo asked in shock.  
Unable to find what she was looking for, Diana stopped searching, looking visibly upset. Realizing Arroyo was talking to her, Diana’s expression softened a little. “Nyx and Tara asked me to find their clan’s shield, but I can’t seem to find it.”
“I saw Adam around here when we walked by earlier. Maybe he took it,” Arroyo suggested. 
“Maybe,” Diana agreed, looking around to ensure that she did not miss anything. “Maybe we should go check Adam’s place to see if he is okay,” she suggested. 
The two females raced back to Tara and Adam’s home. The house was vacant, but that did not stop Diana from tossing the rooms, searching for something like she did in the previous home. 
“What are you doing?” Arroyo asked in shock. 
Giving up, Diana walked towards the exit. “C’mon,” she ordered the younger woman before leaving.
Alexander was starting to grow heavy in Arroyo’s arms as she followed Diana towards the outskirts of the village. Diana looked like she was about to take off when Arroyo stopped her. 
“Where are you going?” Arroyo asked. “Shouldn’t we look for survivors?” 
“I’m meeting some survivors just outside of town,” Diana explained before taking off into the darkness. 
Scared and confused, Arroyo held her son tight as she followed Diana a short distance outside of town. She was even more shocked when she spotted her brother amongst the small group of Undines. 
As surprised as Arroyo was, her brother looked even more shocked to see her. 
“Lazarus!” Arroyo shouted as she ran to embrace her brother. After the embrace, she looked around to see if her sister-in-law was with them. “Where’s Cora?” 
Lazarus paused for a moment, still in shock from the sight of his sister. “She didn’t make it,” he said uneasily. 
Arroyo looked at her brother sympathetically. “I’m sorry to hear that. Flint didn’t make it either. But you should know that Brook and Trent are safe. They are waiting for you in Beaumont.”
Also standing amongst the group were Jet, Meredith, and a baby. Jet’s wife, Meredith, was an Undine with long ocean blue hair tied up. Jet had a significant laceration to his left arm, partially wrapped with a piece of Meredith’s dress in an attempt to stop the bleeding. While Arroyo and Lazarus talked privately, Meredith approached Diana with a worried expression. 
“Did you find Finnigan?” Meredith demanded, fearing the worst. 
“He’s safe,” Diana reassured the mother. “It was too dangerous for him down there. Tara and Nyx took him to Beaumont.”
Meredith became furious as she approached Diana enraged. “How could you give my son away? You said you would find him!”
“How did you expect me to rescue him while searching?” Diana retorted. “I’m only one person.”
“Did you locate any items?” Jet asked his sister hopefully. 
“Just the necklace,” Diana said, motioning to Arroyo behind her. She handed her family’s sword back to Jet. “I checked the entire house and couldn’t find the shield. I saw Adam with the dagger before he fled, and his house was empty by the time I checked it.”
“How were Tara and Nyx unaffected?” Meredith asked. 
Diana shrugged. “I’m not sure.” 
“We should go to Beaumont to get Finnigan before we head east,” Meredith explained. 
“No,” Diana whispered so Arroyo would not overhear. “We need to stick to the plan. If we go to Beaumont now, we risk exposing everything.”
Meredith held her daughter tight in her arms and turned to her husband pleadingly. “We have to get Finnigan back.”
Jet looked at his partner regrettably. “My sister’s right,” he said while placing a hand on her shoulder for comfort. “As soon as our mission is over, we’ll go to Beaumont and retrieve him.”
Although they were whispering, Arroyo overheard the last part of Jet’s sentence as she approached and assumed they were discussing plans to go to Beaumont. “I’m coming with you,” she said, interrupting the couple’s conversation. 
“We should probably go,” Diana suggested. With everyone in agreement, the group took off. Jet led the way east, holding his infant daughter tight in his arms. 
As Arroyo followed the group with Alexander, her instincts were telling her that they were going in the wrong direction, but she ignored the nagging feeling in the pit of her stomach. The faint hint of light along the horizon confirmed her suspicions. Arroyo was relieved when they finally touched down along the outskirts of Amritsar, a city in northern India. 
Arroyo placed Alexander down to give her arms a break. “Why are we flying away from Beaumont?” she asked, feeling stick to her stomach. The thought of her son Marcus being further away had her on the verge of tears. She wished she had trusted her instinct. “Don’t you want to see your children?” she asked the other parents.
“Don’t worry. We will get the rest of the children soon,” Diana explained in a calm and sympathetic voice. 
“Where are we going?” Arroyo asked. 
“Towards the Pacific,” Meredith replied. “My mother’s clan hails from an island in northern Japan.”
“We don’t know exactly where they are or if they will help us,” Jet explained. “Trying to find them with two grounded children is going to be difficult enough. Four additional children would be impossible with no food or supplies. ” 
“They’re safer waiting for us in Beaumont,” Lazarus agreed. “Once our accommodations are stable, we will go back for them.”
What they were saying made sense, but it still did not sit right with Arroyo. Knowing she could not be the only one feeling this way, Arroyo turned to look at the only other mother in the group, but Meredith was busy tending to her fussy infant. Feeling alone and outnumbered, Arroyo went along with their plan. She could not escape the worrying thoughts of Marcus as they took a quick break. The sun was almost entirely above the horizon when they felt rested enough to continue their journey east. 

ΟΟΟΟΟΟΟ

July 9th, 1777

Nepal

The sun was directly above them when the party reached the Shiva Sanctuary located outside a small town called Shivanagar in the Kishnanagar municipality of southern Nepal. Arroyo placed Alexander down, unable to feel her numb arms and torso after hours of flying. As Alexander explored, Arroyo looked around the property she had not seen for many years. 
The Shiva Sanctuary was an essential but humble sanctuary situated in the rural Nepalese countryside. Although this sanctuary had many caretakers over the centuries, the current custodians were a middle-aged Undine couple named Amos and Emmett and other members of Amos’ clan. 
Amos was a muscular man with a shaved head, piercing ocean blue eyes, and large bright blue wings. He came outside to greet the travel party upon their arrival. 
“Hello. You all must be tired,” Amos said, looking at the weary group. “We have food and water inside for anyone who is in need.” 
“Thank you, Amos,” Meredith said while retrieving her daughter from Jet’s arms and walking quickly towards the main house. 
Before Meredith could enter the home, a young female exited, almost running into the mother and child in the process. The adolescent was a Gaia with long chocolate-coloured hair, deep brown eyes, and brown wings. Her name was Rosemary, and she was Amos’ younger sister, although not biologically. 
Amos was adopted, and his parents had Rosemary when he was a young adolescent. After his father's death six years ago, Amos and his partner Emmett returned to help Amos’ mother, Lavanya, look after the sanctuary. 
Rosemary smiled in excitement as she approached the group. “Lazarus! Someone is here waiting for you!” she called before turning back to look at the house just as another female exited. 
The entire group was surprised to see Melinda rush out and over to Lazarus in a big embrace. “Lazarus, my love!” she said while releasing him. “I’m so relieved you made it.”
“Melinda,” said Lazarus, hugging her back but still slightly in shock. “I thought you were in Thailand. How did you know we would come through here?”
Melinda laughed. “Of course you are coming to Shiva. It is the only sanctuary for the next thousand miles,” she explained before turning to Arroyo. “I didn’t know you were bringing your sister.” 
Arroyo was in shock as she watched the scene before her. She hoped she was mistaken, but it appeared as if her brother was having relations with Melinda. Not only that but the way they talked made it seem like this was a planned excursion. Arroyo was speechless, too paralyzed in disbelief to speak.
“C’mon, Lazarus,” said Melinda as she led her lover towards the house. “I hope you’re hungry. I made you one of your favourites.”  
Arroyo stood motionless as she watched her brother and Melinda enter along with Jet and Rosemary. Arroyo’s mind was racing until the sensation of someone pulling on her dress brought her back to the present. 
“Mom, I’m hungry,” Alexander said as he motioned to everyone entering the house. 
Arroyo did not respond as she took a second to process what her son said. Diana must have overheard the boy and noticed Arroyo’s preoccupation because she came in and picked Alexander up in her arms. 
“Let’s eat,” Diana said to the child before turning to Arroyo. “You should eat too. I’ll fix you up a plate,” she offered before entering with Alexander and Amos, leaving Arroyo outside alone with her thoughts. 
There were so many questions running through Arroyo’s mind she didn’t know what to do. Not wanting to stand out alone any longer, Arroyo decided to go in and grab something to eat. 
Inside the home, all of Arroyo’s travelling companions were eating. Melinda and Lazarus were seated on the floor together, sharing a large plate of food. Jet and Meredith were eating while Rosemary cuddled with the infant to give the parents a break. As Arroyo entered the room, Diana approached with a plate of fried black soybeans, dumplings, and rice. 
“Thank you,” Arroyo said with a smile before sitting down next to Alexander, who was busy scarfing down his food. 
 The hungry group remained silent as they indulged in the home-cooked meal. Halfway through the meal, Amos’ partner Emmett entered to greet the guests. 
Emmett was slightly taller with a leaner build, deep blue eyes and jet black wings apart from a strip of blue at the end. He had a head full of thick black hair with blue highlights.
“You all must be exhausted from your trip,” Emmett said to the guests. “If anyone needs to rest, we have some beds prepared.”
 “Thank you for your hospitality,” Meredith replied on behalf of the group. 
“Do you know who attacked your village?” Emmett asked sympathetically.
With few of them wanting to talk about it, there was a brief silence before Diana finally spoke up for the group. 
“It was so chaotic. I’m not sure what exactly happened,” Diana replied. “Everyone was fighting. Half the village was on fire.” She paused for a dramatic effect before continuing. “It’s a miracle all the children made it out unharmed.”
“Were there any more survivors?” Emmett asked. 
“Yes,” Arroyo chimed in, “Tara, Nyx, and the rest of the children escaped towards Beaumont Sanctuary.”
Emmett appeared slightly surprised by the news. “Jupiter and Ion were skilled warriors. I can’t believe they both fell. Who would do such a thing?” 
“That clan was not short on enemies,” Melinda remarked spitefully. “I could think of a few who would like to see that village fall.”
As the awkward silence filled the room, Emmett excused himself to tend to chores. 
“Well, I’m glad to see that you all made it,” Rosemary said, trying to ease the tension. She handed baby Darya over to the parents, who had finished eating. 
The travellers were exhausted after spending the thirty-four hours travelling and wanted to rest. There were three rooms, two per room with mats and blankets folded neatly. 
Arroyo took a room with Alexander. As Arroyo set up her bed, Amos and Rosemary’s mother, Lavanya, entered to ensure they did not need anything. She was an elderly Gaia with green eyes and long dark brown and green hair greying slightly along the side. 
Alexander immediately fell into a deep slumber while Arroyo’s mind raced as she tried to sleep. She could not stop thinking about what happened to her village and her brother’s obvious affection for Melinda. Arroyo wondered if this thing between them had been going on for a long time or something new. A nagging feeling told her that it was all connected, and she was determined to get to the bottom of it. 
Holding Alexander tight in her arms, Arroyo managed to suppress her troubling thoughts long enough to drift to sleep. 

ΟΟΟΟΟΟΟ

It was later that evening when Arroyo awoke to cramps and a tightness in her stomach. Too exhausted to move, she tried to ignore the pain for the next few hours as she forced herself to rest. Arroyo continued to lie in her half-sleeping state for the next hour or two until unable to ignore the discomfort any longer. Giving in to the pain, she carefully stood up, trying not to wake Alexander, retrieved a lantern, and rushed outside towards the latrine. 
Inside the lavatory, Arroyo knew something was wrong when she spotted blood on her inner thighs. She did not know exactly how far along she was, but she was only halfway through her pregnancy at most, far too soon to give birth. Arroyo miscarried before and feared it was happening again. The last time was before her boys were born, and it was one of her worst experiences next to her husband’s death only days ago. Although she had an idea what to expect, no matter how many times it happened, nothing can prepare someone for losing a life they helped create. Flint was her rock, her everything. The first time it happened, she had him there to help her through it, and now he was gone. 
Inside the hut, Arroyo was feeling stick to her stomach, and it wasn’t only from the smell. Her hands started to shake as the stress and emotions from the last few days began to sink in and overwhelm her. She missed Marcus, and the grief from losing Flint was tearing her apart from the inside. She missed the comfort and safety of her village. The fact that she felt betrayed by her brother only added to her isolation. 
Needing some fresh air, Arroyo finally left when the pain subsided enough for her to do so. It was a cold summer night as Arroyo lingered outside, looking up at the stars. Her thoughts drifted to Marcus as she wondered where he was, worrying about him. Arroyo regretted leaving him and following her brother. She could not help but think what would have happened if she went to Beaumont Sanctuary with Alexander instead of going east with the others. 
The sounds of someone approaching shifted Arroyo’s attention away from her thoughts. She turned around to find her brother and Melinda exiting the house. 
“Did you have a good sleep?” Melinda asked Arroyo. 
“Yes,” Arroyo replied. Although she felt unwell, the sleep did help her feel a little more rested. 
“I’m glad to hear that,” Lazarus replied. “We were going to head out first thing tomorrow morning.”
Arroyo was a little surprised to hear this. “Can we give it another day?” she asked. “I don’t feel well enough to travel yet.”
“Would it help if we carry Alexander for you?” Lazarus asked his sister with a concerned expression. 
“Maybe,” Arroyo replied reluctantly, not feeling comfortable enough to explain what was wrong with her. 
Hearing the possible change in plan, Melinda turned to Lazarus. “We need to get back to the children,” she explained, unhappy with the idea of delaying their departure. “I told my sisters I would only be gone for a few days.”
“Who’s children?” Arroyo asked suspiciously. 
Melinda looked at Arroyo like she had two heads. “Our children,” she said while holding Lazarus’ hand. 
“What?” Arroyo asked in disbelief, then turned to her brother. “When did this happen? How old are they?” 
“We have triplets,” Lazarus explained, looking nervous. “They’re almost a year old.”
Melinda turned to Lazarus in disbelief. “I thought you told her.”
Lazarus looked nervously at Melinda. “Would you mind excusing us so I can talk to my sister privately?”
Melinda frowned and stormed into the house, leaving the siblings alone to speak. 
Arroyo was lost for words, feeling sick to her stomach from the news. She shook her head in disappointment at her brother. 
“I’m sorry I didn’t tell you,” Lazarus explained. “You have to understand that I’ve been unhappy in that village for a long time. Cora and I were in the process of separating before this all happened.”
“So all those long trips away from your family, you were off living a double life?” Arroyo demanded angrily. 
Lazarus looked away, too ashamed to look at his sister. “….Yes.”
“I can’t believe you would do this to your wife and children,” said Arroyo. “Do you have any intention to go back for them?” 
“Of course,” Lazarus retorted, upset that his sister would even suggest such a thing. “I could never abandon them.”
“How do you plan to explain your other family to your children?” Arroyo demanded. 
Lazarus paused, averting his sister’s gaze. 
Arroyo frowned at her brother. It was like he was a stranger. She never thought he could do something like this, and it made her wonder what else he was capable of doing.  
“How did Melinda know to meet you here?” Arroyo asked suspiciously. “Do you know what happened to our village?”
Lazarus looked nervous. “I don’t know what happened,” he explained. “When I asked you to watch the kids, it was because I was already a few days late meeting Melinda, but everyone went crazy before I could leave. I was being attacked by our cousin Ferdinand when Jet rescued me. When I didn’t show up to our regular meeting spot, Melinda feared the worst and came looking for me.”
“What about Cora? Did you even try to rescue her?” Arroyo asked, but the look on her brother’s face said everything. “I figured as much,” she said before retreating inside the house, too disgusted with her brother to look at him any longer.
Feeling too upset to think about eating, Arroyo went back inside the room to check on Alexander. Her son must have been as exhausted as her because he was still sound asleep.  Not wanting to waste a chance to rest, Arroyo laid back down with Alexander. Although she was still in pain, it had subsided enough so she could force herself to drift back to sleep while holding her son tight in her arms for comfort. 

ΟΟΟΟΟΟΟ

July 17th, 1777

China
A few hours past midnight, the group passed over the Chungking municipality and stopped in a small clearing. They had been travelling for a week, and the excursion was taking a toll on the travellers. 
After flying for nearly five hours straight, they decided to land for a breather. Everyone was weary and aching as they took turns drinking from the canteen. Arroyo and Meredith took a seat next to a tree while Meredith fed Darya. 
Diana approached, holding a sleeping Alexander and sat down with the other women. She looked over at Arroyo, who had propped herself up against a tree. “You look a little flushed. How are you feeling?” Diana asked with a concerned expression.
Arroyo had not been feeling well the past few days, so Jet and Lazarus took turns carrying Alexander. The long journey took its toll on her as she grew weaker by the day, obliging everyone to slow down and take extra breaks. 
“I think I need some rest,” Arroyo said with a weak voice. 
“We’re so close,” Meredith said, fixing her top after feeding her infant. “We should be there by nightfall if we keep going.” 
A worried expression passed Arroyo’s face. “I thought we were closer. I don’t know if I can make it without sleep.”
“Don’t worry, Arroyo. We’ll only fly when you’re ready,” Diana said before looking over at Meredith knowingly. 
It was no secret that Arroyo had them days behind schedule, and the stress from the journey was starting to wear on the group. Even though they tried to hide their frustrations with whispers, Arroyo knew how the group felt, but she was too sick to care. 
“Thank you,” Arroyo said before closing her eyes and sliding further down the tree trunk for a nap.
Diana smiled and placed Alexander next to Arroyo so the mother and son could sleep while the remainder gathered to talk. 
Lazarus, Melinda, and Jet were together discussing the last leg of the journey when Diana approached.  
“Arroyo doesn’t think she can fly that far in one day,” Diana informed the three. 
Melinda sighed. “This is my second time making this journey in two weeks. It’s not that bad,” she remarked. “We’re carrying her child for her. All she has to do is fly.”
“She looks unwell,” Diana explained. “I don’t think she’ll have the strength to fly much longer.”
“I can carry her,” suggested Jet. 
“Are you sure?” Diana asked her brother, concerned. “What about your arm?”
“I should be fine,” Jet reassured. 
“No,” Lazarus objected. “I’ll carry my sister. You and Diana can take turns carrying Alexander.”
“Should we go then?” Melinda asked impatiently. 
The other weary travellers looked at each other. Despite their aching bodies and heavy eyes, they were too close to stop now. Ignoring their throbbing wings, the group retrieved Arroyo and Alexander before taking off towards their destination.  

ΟΟΟΟΟΟΟ

Shanghai

It had taken the party just over sixteen hours of flying to touch down in The Old City. Finally reaching their destination, the group’s emotions ranged from relief to exhaustion to frustration that the journey took so long. 
The Chinese city was a prominent hub protected by a surrounding wall and moat. A series of water and land gates secured the coastal town, but this did not prevent the kin from entering with ease. Their destination was the Pearl Sanctuary, an old kin stronghold located in the heart of the city. 
A few hours after sundown, they landed in a small garden in the middle of the large sanctuary. The travellers had just arrived when Chu Hua, daughter of the sanctuary caretakers, greeted them. She was a late adolescent Undine girl with night blue hair, similar coloured eyes, and an olive complexion. Chu Hua’s foremothers had been looking after this Sanctuary for nearly a millennia. In addition to being a stop for travelling kin, it doubled as a female bathhouse. The large sanctuary has had many business covers since its creation, the most recent being a renovation from an inn to a bathhouse around a century ago
 “Welcome to the Pearl,” Chu Hua smiled before noticing the sickly woman in Lazarus’ arms. “Is she okay?” 
 “No,” Diana replied. “She has a fever.”
 “Come with me. I’ll get my parents,” Chu Hua said before rushing back inside, with Lazarus and Arroyo close behind. 
Just as Chu Hua exited, Melinda’s older sister Cynthia entered the garden holding two toddlers. She was around the same height as Melinda but slightly heavier with her white hair pinned back.
“My babies,” Melinda said gleefully before running over to hold them.
“Laszlo is inside sleeping,” Melinda explained while handing the two females to their mother.
“Is mom around?” Melinda asked her sisters while snuggling with her children.
“No, mom and dad couldn’t stick around any longer,” Cynthia explained. “They left for Hanseong with Ulric. They said we could meet them there.”
“What happened?” Jet asked. “I thought they were to meet us here.”
“I’m not sure exactly, but they were going to see Ultima’s clan,” Cynthia explained. “It sounded urgent.”
“Do they want us to meet them there?” Melinda asked her sister. 
Cynthia nodded. “Yes, they left instructions. They want all of us to meet them there as soon as possible.”
“How long ago did they leave?” Diana asked as she stood swaying with a sleeping Alexander in her arms. 
“Two days ago,” Cynthia replied. 
Meredith turned to her husband, upset with this news. “You’re not planning on going with them, are you?” 
“I think we should,” Jet replied. “We don’t even know where your mother’s clan is or if they will welcome us. Why not stay with my family?”
Meredith frowned at her partner as she tried to comfort the fussy baby in her arms. “Because that family abandoned you when you were an infant. How can you trust them?”
“They’ve welcomed us in with open arms,” Jet explained, trying to calm his angry wife. “Look at everything they’ve done for us.”
“Can’t you see they’re using you!” Meredith retorted. “They asked you to sacrifice everything, our home, our friends.”
Jet approached to comfort his distressed wife, but she pulled away.
Meredith looked up with her husband with teary eyes. “I only went along with this because you agreed we could have a fresh start,” she said softly. “Now Finn’s gone, our home is gone, and you’re breaking your promise.”
“Can we talk about this later?” Jet asked, uncomfortable talking about this in front of all the observers. 
Meredith scowled and stormed off to free her fussy daughter, leaving the others to stand around in awkward silence. 
Jet clenched his fists in anger as he stared at the empty doorway where his wife exited. 
“I agree with you, brother,” Diana said to Jet, finally speaking up. 
“Not now, Diana,” Jet grumbled before exiting towards the garden to get some fresh air. 
As Jet was exiting, Chu Hua’s parents entered from the next room with grim expressions on their faces. The matriarch of the household was named Chu. She looked a lot like her daughter with dark blue hair tied back in a bun and was wearing a blue flora robe altered in the back to allow room for her wings. Her husband, Bong, was a middle-aged Undine with his greying blue hair tied back into a braid. 
“Welcome,” Chu said. The couple greeted their guests before sharing the news about Arroyo. “Your travel companion is very sick. She has a fever and is unresponsive. We’ve sent our son to retrieve the healer, but he’s hardworking and sometimes difficult to locate. All we can do is keep her comfortable until they return.”
As Chu was talking, Lazarus entered, holding his son. “Do you know what’s wrong with her?” he asked Chu. 
“I’m not sure,” Chu replied. “I didn’t see any visible wounds. Did she say anything to you?”
“No,” Lazarus replied. “After we left Nepal, she started to complain about not feeling well and soon after, the fever started.”
“I believe her to be pregnant,” Chu said. “She could be suffering complications.”
“Poor Arroyo,” Diana said as she continued to rock the sleeping toddler in her arms. “She never told us she was expecting. The journey must have been too much for her.”
“I don’t want to alarm you, but if we don’t get her some medical attention soon, she might not make it,” Chu warned. “I’m going to go check on her. If anyone is hungry, my daughter is preparing some food for you.” 
As soon as Chu left, Melinda smiled at Lazarus. “My little Laszlo,” she called while rushing over, holding her daughters in her arms. “I missed you so much!” she said while kissing his little head. After a few minutes of snuggling with her triplets, Melinda turned to the father. “My parents want us to meet them in Korea as soon as possible.”
“What about my sister?” Lazarus asked. “I shouldn’t leave her like this.”
Melinda shrugged. “We can always come back for her if she pulls through,” she remarked flatly. 
Cynthia frowned. “Melinda, that’s his sister,” she reminded her younger sibling. 
“Sorry if I came off as insensitive,” Melinda apologized. “I didn’t mean it that way. I guess I’m more tired than I thought.”
“What should we do about Alexander?” Diana asked, looking down at the child in her arms. 
“We should leave him with his mother,” Lazarus replied.
“But he’ll be an orphan if she doesn’t pull through,” Cynthia said, looking over at the innocent child pityingly. “You might be the only family he has left.”
“It’ll probably be a few weeks before she’s better,” Diana explained. “I can watch him until we come back for her. It will allow her a chance to rest and recuperate.”
Lazarus frowned at Diana. “It’s your fault she is in this predicament,” he said furiously. “She wasn’t supposed to come with us. You should have told her to go to Beaumont.”
Diana scowled. It looked like she was about to raise her voice but stopped herself, not wanting to wake the child. “You asked me to find your pendant. What would you have me do? Leave her and your nephews to be killed?” Diana stormed out of the room to get something to eat, not wanting to deal with them any longer. 
There was a moment of awkward silence as Lazarus, Cynthia, and Melinda remained in the room with the three children. 
Lazarus turned to Melinda, fuming. “I think I’m going to stay here a few days.”
Melinda was surprised by Lazarus’ decision. “Why? Is it because of your sister?” 
“No,” Lazarus’ replied, shaking his head. “I don’t think I can take another day travelling with them. There’s a reason their clan had such a bad reputation amongst our village. They’re known for being deceitful and untrustworthy.” 
Melinda crossed her arms. “You might as well learn to get over it,” she objected. “Jet’s maternal grandfather is the leader of the Council. Our clans are very close, so you’re going to be seeing a lot of them if you want to join us.”
“That’s not possible,” Lazarus retorted. “Jet and Diana’s maternal grandfather is dead. I was at his burial.” 
Cynthia and Melinda were perplexed by Lazarus’ comment.
“I thought everyone in your village knew that Jet and Diana are only half-siblings,” Cynthia said in disbelief. “Jet’s mother died during childbirth, so they secretly sent him back to the village to be raised by his biological father and Diana’s mother.”  
“Ulric was furious once he found out,” Melinda explained. 
“It’s still a contentious issue between our clans,” Cynthia added. 
“Ulric is the grandfather? His wife was my great-Aunt Delilah,” Lazarus said, sounding surprised. That’s when the realization hit him. “So you’re saying Jet’s birth mother is Mary? I never knew she had a child before she died.”
“She had twins,” Cynthia corrected. “But they only sent one away to live with the father.”
As the three conversed, they were unaware that Jet had entered the room after leaving to get some air. 
“Why would they only send Jet back to the village?” Lazarus asked the females. 
“Because I was not born a Venti like my brother,” Jet answered, causing the startled gossips to turn towards him. 
“I apologize for talking about your past,” Cynthia apologized to Jet. “We thought Lazarus knew because he was from your village.”
Jet frowned. “No, it’s not common knowledge outside my clan,” he replied angrily. “I’m sure you can appreciate my parents’ decision not to publicly declare that my birth mother slept with my married father while engaged to another man.”
“I’m sorry for the hardships you had to endure at the hands of my clan,” Cynthia said sympathetically. 
 Jet let out a dry laugh before looking at Cynthia with a stern expression. “I’m not the one you have to apologize to,” he growled. “I got off lucky compared to the horrors your family inflicted on brother.” With that said, Jet stormed out of the room to find his wife and daughter. 
There was a brief moment of silence before being ended by the sound of the children fussing in Melinda’s arms. Lazarus bounced his son around as he waited to ensure Jet was gone before turning back to the two women. “What did you do to his brother?” he asked Cynthia curiously. 
Angry and embarrassed, Cynthia exited the room leaving Melinda and Lazarus holding their triplets. 
“Did I hit a nerve?” Lazarus asked Melinda. 
Melinda nodded. “It’s a touchy subject that has divided our clan.”
“I’m sorry I said something,” Lazarus said regretfully. 
“They are not a bad clan,” Melinda said. “We should go with them tomorrow. Cynthia is anxious to leave, and we are going to need all the help we can get travelling with the children.”
Lazarus remained quiet as he considered his options before coming to a decision, while Melinda grew irritated that he was taking so long to reach such an obvious conclusion. 
“I think I should at least stay long enough to see if my sister pulls through,” Lazarus decided, causing Melinda to scowl. 
“What about your family?” Melinda demanded. “You promised me that you would start being there for your children. You’re their father. You need to put them first.”
Lazarus looked at Melinda furiously. “Funny how that only applies to your children,” he snapped. “And my sister is also my family,” he added before storming away.  
Lazarus left to check on his sister in one of the guest rooms. Chu had just left Arroyo’s room holding a basket as Lazarus turned the corner. 
“Has the healer came?” Lazarus asked. 
Chu smiled. “Yes, he said he knows what’s wrong. He gave her some medicine and will visit tomorrow to check on her progress.”
Lazarus smiled in relief. “Thank you so much for your help. May I see her?”
Chu smiled and nodded before continuing down the hallway. 
Lazarus entered the room to find Arroyo lying peacefully on a bed with blankets over her. She was already looking slightly better with the colour coming back to her face. He was glad that she was recovering but still bitter that she was even on this journey. Torn between his sister, lover, and the guilt from abandoning his eldest children, Lazarus was angry and disappointed in himself. He was at a crossroads, and the choice he made today would define him for centuries to come. Although he wanted to do right by his sister, he selfishly chose to follow his heart.
Lazarus reached both hands behind his sister’s neck to carefully remove the family heirloom. He quickly put it in his pants pocket when his sister started to stir in her sleep. He was about to leave when Arroyo began to open her eyes. 
“Lazarus?” said Arroyo softly with her heavy eyes slightly opened.
Lazarus smiled faintly at his twin. “How are you feeling?”  
Arroyo’s facial features started to shift like she was on the verge of tears. “I’m scared,” she said, sounding terrified. 
Lazarus knelt to hold his sister’s hand in comfort. “A healer was here to see you,” he reassured. “You’re going to be okay.”
“What about Alexander? Is he okay?” Arroyo asked. 
“He’s fine. Diana is looking after him,” Lazarus replied, gently patting her hand. “Take some time to rest and get healthy.”
“Thank you,” Arroyo said before letting the exhaustion overpower her and drifting back to sleep. 
Lazarus leaned forward and kissed her on the forehead. “Sweet dreams, sister. I promise we’ll return for you as soon as possible,” he said softly before turning towards the exit.

ΟΟΟΟΟΟΟ

July 10th, 1924

Ipsen Castle, Germany

It was another beautiful and peaceful summer in the German countryside. As the surrounding human nations neared their third year of peace, the reminiscences of the world war were finally beginning to settle down, but many daily hardships and memories remain. Despite the ravages of conflict around them, the castle was standing firm, and the inhabitants were thriving.  
Although it was common for Ulric’s family to visit in the summer, the castle was exceptionally busy this week with the addition of Lazarus, Melinda, and their triplets. The couple’s children were all grown up and, as adolescents, were now starting to form familial affiliations of their own. Laszlo and Darya recently introduced two new additions to the clan, twin daughters born only weeks ago.  
Since Meredith and Jet usually spent the summer months travelling in search of their lost son, Diana and Alexander were also staying at the castle. Although they typically spend their winters in the Greek Isles, the home of Diana and Jet’s paternal relatives, Diana had felt isolated from her brother and sister-in-law lately. After spending over a hundred years scouring the continents for their lost child, Meredith's anger and resentment towards Diana escalated, making Diana feel like an outcast amongst her family. Although she still felt like an outsider amongst Ulric and Victor's clans, due to not being related to them and being one of the few Undine, she preferred the castle since she did not have to deal with the scowls and glares from her brother’s wife. 
Many of the castle visitors were enjoying the sun by the lake, split into smaller groups. Melinda, Darya, Laszlo, Bethany, Melanie, and Diana sat on a big blanket on the top of a grassy slope, cooing over the newborns as they snacked on bread, cheese, and fruit. Gillies, Gabriel, Lazarus, and Exodus fished for dinner along the lakeshore while Malachi and Alexander sat together under a shaded tree. 
Although there was an age difference, Malachi had taken the younger adolescent under his wing since he was an orphan without a male role model. Malachi smiled while pulling out a gold chain with a giant red orb mounted in the middle of the gold medallion.  
“This is the pendent I was telling you about,” Malachi explained to the youth. “I borrowed it from my cousins for you to try.”
Alexander smiled upon spotting the red gem. “I can use that to create fire?”
“It should work,” Malachi said as he placed the necklace around Alexander’s neck. “Give it a try.”
The black-and-red-haired youth took a deep breath and held out his hand. His eyes started to glow a bright red seconds before a small flame formed in his hand. “I wish I could do this all the time,” he said in awe. 
“We use to give these to our young to help harness their abilities until they learned to control them,” Malachi explained before a grin appeared on his face. “Maybe you are a late bloomer.”
Alexander smiled. “Yeah, right, I’m practically an adult,” he said with an eye roll. He gazed at the flame as he moved around his hand before looking at Malachi. “I guess I’m unlucky. Probably because my mother was an Undine.”
“Well, you may not be able to generate a flame, but at least you can beat me at diving,” Malachi said, trying to cheer up his friend.
 Alexander was about to take the necklace off when Malachi stopped him. “You can borrow it for the day,” he offered. 
Alexander beamed with excitement. “Thanks.”
“Why don’t we go take that thing for a spin,” Malachi suggested. “See what kind of power you have hidden inside.” 
“Sure,” Alexander said, springing up in excitement. 
Malachi chuckled at the youth’s enthusiasm. “I think it’s a little too dry to test your abilities out near the forest, but I know a rocky clearing not far from here.”
Overhearing the male’s conversation, Diana looked over from the picnic blanket. “Why don’t you two have some lunch first,” she suggested. “It’ll be a while before we have dinner.” 
“If we have dinner,” Bethany corrected, looking at the others standing by the water.
“I’m not that hungry,” Malachi declared. “How about you?” he asked Alexander. 
Alexander stood up. “I’m good,” he replied, eager to try out the new toy. “Where are we going to test this out?”
Malachi grinned at the youth. “Not far, less than a five-minute flight. Ready?” Alexander nodded, prompting the two to take off into the sky. 
 Exodus looked away from his fishing to make sure Malachi and Alexander had left before speaking. “Who wants to bet that my brother comes back scorched?” he joked. 
“I’d be surprised if the kid could form an entire fireball,” Gabriel remarked. “Malachi’s never used an amulet. He’s the last one who should be instructing.” 
Gillies grinned evilly. “Are you sure that’s what he’s instructing?”
Diana frowned at Gillies’ attempt at humour. “I hope you’re jesting,” she said, appalled. “Alexander is half his age.”
“I wish I were, but Malachi is as bad as Slater when it comes to carnal conquests,” Gillies remarked while casting his line. He looked like he was about to add something before being elbowed by his twin.
There was an awkward silence in the air before one of the females decided to speak up in the hopes of changing the subject. 
“Any bites yet, Dad?” Melanie called over to Lazarus. 
“Not yet,” Lazarus called back to his daughter. “But I’m sure we’ll catch a few before dinner.”
Melinda grinned. “Don’t worry. I cleaned a few chickens this morning as backup,” she teased, causing those on the blanket to chuckle.
Finished eating, Darya turned to her partner. “Moselle and Dalie are starting to get fussy. I think they might be tired,” she said to Laszlo. “What to help me put them down?”
Laszlo shrugged. “Sure.”
“I’ll come back to the castle with you,” Melinda said to the couple. 
Melinda, Laszlo, and Darya took off with the two infants leaving Diana, Bethany, and Melanie on the blanket. 
After strapping a hunting knife to her side, Diana started to pack a travelling sack with a canteen and bread. “I was going to take a trip up by the seaside,” she said to the sisters. “Would anyone like to join me?”
“No, thank you,” Bethany replied. “We’re going for a swim on the other side of the lake.”
“Maybe we’ll scare some fish your way,” Melanie called over to the males. 
Diana smiled. “Enjoy your swim,” she said, standing up to stretch her back as she prepared to take off. “I should be back by dinner time,” she said to the others before extending her blue wings and taking off. 
Diana followed in the direction she saw Malachi and Alexander depart. Being the outsider, she knew very well that no one would join her, and she counted on it. Diana had been Alexander’s primary caregiver since he was a toddler, and despite the fact he was nearing adulthood, it was still her duty to protect him. What Gillies said about Malachi disturbed her, and she had to see if it was true. 
Having spent decades of summers visiting the castle, Diana was familiar with the land and had an idea where they were going. She travelled towards a rocky area, one of the few spaces free from trees and vegetation. Diana landed and continued on foot in search of the two males. She did not walk very far before she heard voices coming from the clearing. Slowly making her way towards the voices, she ducted down and peeked out from behind the brush and spotted Malachi and Alexander in the distance. The younger male was standing in the middle of the clearing using the amulet to form fireballs in his hand before throwing them high up in the air. Malachi was standing a few feet away, watching him. 
Diana was relieved to see that nothing depraving was occurring between the two and felt a little silly for taking Gillies seriously. 
After a few minutes of watching Alexander joyfully form large waves of fire in his hand before sending them outwards in huge bursts, Diana was about to leave when she noticed Alexander stop what he was doing to say something to Malachi. The two exchanged some words before Malachi approached Alexander, reached out and started rubbing the younger male’s shoulders as they continued talking. After a few seconds, Alexander moved closer to Malachi and leaned in for a long, passionate kiss. 
Diana’s stomach turned as she watched the two males canoodle. On top of being bothered by the age discrepancy between the two, she was even more disturbed by the atrocious actions in which they were engaging. She had always considered homosexuality a sinful act and was shocked and mortified that Alexander was engaging in it. She always felt that Ulric’s clan was immoral, but she never realized how twisted the family was until today. She regretted exposing Alexander to such perversion and corruption all these years. 
Unable to watch the grotesque scene before her, Diana had to leave once she observed Alexander slide his hand down the older man's pants as they caressed each other passionately. Feeling nauseated, she had to take a moment to calm down before finding the strength to take off for a long flight to clear her head. Diana knew she had to get her innocent Alexander away from this place, but she did not know how exactly she would do it. 
Diana flew around in circles, lost in thought for what felt like minutes but was in reality hours. It was not until she noticed the sun touching the horizon she snapped out of her daze and started her journey home. 
The sun had almost entirely set by the time Diana reached the fortress. Still not ready to face Alexander, she stopped next to the lake that was now unoccupied and continued contemplating her next move. Looking up at the sky, Diana closed her eyes and prayed for a sign or guidance on what to do. She wanted nothing more than to keep her adopted son safe but lost on how to get him away from the grips of Malachi and his vile clan.
After another hour passed, the sun had disappeared entirely behind the horizon. The sounds of crickets and the odd toad echoed around her as she gazed at the calm lake water. She was about to muscle up the courage to return to the castle when she was surprised by an unexpected visitor. 
Jacob had just flown in from a long journey east. He looked exhausted and weatherworn with his usually soft bluish-white hair matted and dirt on his face and clothes. He had circles under his pale blue eyes, and his lips were dry from dehydration.  
“Jacob, what happened to you?” Diana asked as she handed him her water. 
Jacob chugged the contents of the canteen and handed it back to her. “Thanks. I flew here non-stop from Paris,” he explained while walking over to the lake and taking a handful of water to splash on his face. After cleaning himself off a little, he reached into his pocket and pulled out a weathered piece of paper. “Where is your brother? I need to talk to him and Meredith immediately.”
“They’re not here,” Diana explained. “They spend their summers looking for Finnigan.” 
“That’s what I need to talk to them about,” Jacob explained. “Tara sent me a letter to a Paris sanctuary. They are all made it to North America and are healthy.” 
Jacob handed the letter over to Diana. Her jaw dropped as she read the details from Tara explaining her journey to America, how they were spending their time in New York, and directions on how to find them. Diana stopped reading and looking up at Jacob when she noticed the date. “This is over thirty years old.”
A troubled expression appeared on Jacob’s face. “I know,” he said, shaking his head in disappointment. “It’s been almost fifty years since I last visited that sanctuary. If I had known she was sending the letter there, I wouldn’t have waited that long to return.”
Diana knew this was the answer to her prayers, a way to take Alexander far away from here and start anew. Diana always liked Tara and knew she would take them in with open arms. 
“Are you still planning to go?” Diana asked.  
“Yes,” Jacob replied. “Now that I know where my daughters are, I must go to them.” He held out his hand, signalling for Diana to return the letter. 
Diana tightened her grip on the paper. “I’ll come with you,” she stated, taking a step back. “We can bring Alexander to his brother, and I’ll bring Finn back to my brother.”
Jet shook his head in disagreement. “I promised Jet and Meredith I would tell them if I ever received news on their son’s whereabouts,” he explained. 
“But they didn’t tell anyone where they were going,” Diana countered. “It could take weeks or months to find them. We could be on our way to America as early as tomorrow.” She knew if her brother found out, he would not want her and Alexander to go with them to New York. 
Jacob paused, contemplating Diana’s proposal before shaking his head. “No, I made a promise.” Jacob held his hand out for the letter again, but he cleared his throat when Diana pretended not to notice. “Can I have it back, please?”
Diana hesitated before finally handing the letter over. 
“Thanks,” Jacob said, placing the letter in his pocket. “I’m so hungry. I haven’t eaten all day.”
“Have you been to the castle yet?” Diana asked. 
“No, I was on my way there when I spotted you by the water,” Jacob explained. “No one else knows I’m here yet. Want to fly back with me?”
“Sure,” Diana said, smiling. 
As Jacob turned to leave, Diana reached for the large knife strapped to her side and slowly withdrew it from its sheath. Gripping the knife tightly in both hands, Diana drove it into the back of Jacob’s neck. She felt terrible having to kill Jacob, he was one of the only members of Victor’s clan she liked, but there was no way she would pass up this opportunity. Deep down, Diana knew this letter was the answer to all her problems. She was determined to get Alexander away from this clan and reunited with his brother.
There was nothing but a gurgling sound as Jacob collapsed to the ground, dead. Diana retracted the knife and ran over to the water to clean it off. After putting her knife away, she quickly grabbed the body and dragged it into the nearby woods. Diana temporarily covered it with some dead branches and foliage. Diana knew she had to dispose of the body permanently, but it was still early, and she worried someone might come by for an evening stroll. She was going to have to come back later when everyone was asleep to finish the job. 
Her adrenalin still racing, Diana tried to calm herself a little before heading back. Unable to delay the inevitable, she hid the letter in her bag and continued towards the castle. The first person she passed was Bethany, coming from the kitchen with a tea tray in her hands. 
Bethany smiled at the older female. “Diana, so glad to see you. We were starting to get worried when you failed to show up for dinner.”
Diana smiled nervously. “Sorry, I found a beautiful cove for sunbathing and must have lost track of time.”
“Sounds wonderful. You’ll have to show me next time,” Bethany remarked. “We’re about to have some tea in the parlour room if you would like to join us.” 
“No, thank you,” Diana replied. “I think I might go get something to eat first.”
“There’s still plenty of fish leftover if you want some,” Bethany offered before leaving to join her sister and mother.
Diana was too nervous to eat and quickly made her way up to her room. Now that she had the directions to Tara’s location, she still needed to think of an excuse to get Alexander to go with her to New York. Being a young adult, Alexander had become increasingly defiant and would likely choose to stay if she told him she was leaving. Diana had an idea of how to convince Alexander to get away from this place, but first, she had to dispose of Jacob’s body before someone discovers it.
Diana waited in her room until a little after two in the morning when she was sure everyone was asleep. She quietly exited her room and outside towards the garden shed, where she retrieved a shovel and continued towards the lake. Locating the pile of vegetation concealing Jacob’s body, Diana uncovered it to bring it somewhere more reclusive. She could only fly a mile with the body and shovel before it was too much for her to carry any longer. 
Diana started to dig after locating a soft patch of earth in an area seldom visited by the castle inhabitants. Even with her enhanced strength, it still took almost two hours to dig a suitable pit and another hour and a half to fill it back with the body inside.
Diana was dirty, and her hands were blistered as she flew back towards the castle. The sunlight was beginning to peek over the horizon as she was returning the shovel to the shed. Since it was nearing six in the morning, Diana was extra careful while quietly making her way upstairs towards her room. While walking down the hallway, Diana’s heart skipped a beat when she heard the sound of a door open behind her. She turned around to find Darya standing in her nightgown, appearing half-asleep with dark circles under her eyes. 
“Diana, is everything okay?” Darya asked.
“Of course,” Diana replied, trying to act calmly while her heart felt like it was pounding out of her chest. 
“I was feeding the girls by the window when I notice you were coming from the shed,” Darya explained. 
“I couldn’t sleep, so I decided to go for a walk to get some fresh air,” Diana lied, trying to conceal her dirty hands behind her long skirt. 
Darya looked suspiciously at Diana. “Why did you have a shovel with you?”
“Oh, that,” Diana laughed nervously. “I found it on the ground while on my walk, so I decided to put it away.”
Darya rubbed her sleepy eyes. Since it was so early, the hallway was still dark, but that did not stop her from spotting all the mud and soil on Diana’s arms and clothes. “Why are you so dirty?” 
Diana glanced down at her hands, trying to look surprised by the filth. “Oh, I guess the shovel was dirtier than I thought. I should go clean up before breakfast,” she said before quickly turning away from the younger girl towards her room. 
Diana quickly shut the door to her room and took a few deep breaths. Her anxiety level was through the roof, and her stomach twisted into a giant knot. After calming herself a little, she quickly changed her clothes before walking over to the dresser and pouring some water into the washbasin to clean off her arms and hands. Once she cleaned herself, she sat down on her bed. Although she knew she was overtired, there was no way her mind was going to let her sleep now. Spotting her bag lying next to her dirty clothes, Diana retrieved Tara’s letter to reread it. 
In the letter addressed to Jacob, Tara wrote about finding Rose’s clan. Jacob’s partner Rose left for North America with her clan before their children were born. Being Ulric’s eldest son, he forced Jacob to stay behind and never had a chance to meet his children. Jacob promised to find them once his clan found a new home after leaving the village, but the death of his younger brothers halted his plan to run away. Being the last male hair, Jacob found himself unable to escape his responsibilities or risk betraying his parents and clan. In the letter, Tara wrote about living with one of Jacob’s daughters, Tempest. Tara also provided an address in New York belonging to a friend as the simplest way to locate them or write back. Diana was confident she would find Tara, her nephew Finnigan, and Alexander’s brother Marcius with this address. 
Reading the letter repeatedly, Diana stayed in her room, waiting for everyone to wake up and go downstairs for breakfast. Once she was sure that everyone was up, Diana exited her room and made her way towards the castle's west wing, making sure to avoid detection. Locating Gillies’ room, Diana ensured the coast was clear before entering. She had never seen Gillies wear that pendant in the mornings and knew it would be in his room somewhere. Diana was delighted to discover that he took no care in hiding the family heirloom, having located the item effortlessly. Retrieving the necklace from the nightstand, Diana exited the room and discreetly made her way back to the east wing. She entered Alexander’s room and hid the pendant under his mattress before quickly making her exit. 
Diana was all smiles as she descended the stairs for breakfast. She was starving and could not wait to get something to eat. With her plan now set, it was just a matter of time before the pieces fall into place. 

ΟΟΟΟΟΟΟ

It was late evening when Gillies finally noticed that his family treasure was missing. Gathering his twin, Gillies and Gabriel went to confront Malachi. Only three kin in the entire castle could even use that pendant, and two of them were the rightful owners, so it was obvious who the most likely suspect was. 
The two brothers found Malachi, Exodus, Laszlo, and Alexander sitting by a campfire conversing. Laszlo and Alexander shared a few swigs of a flask while Exodus added some wood onto the fire. 
“Where is it?” Gillies demanded as he and Gabriel approached the other males. 
“Where’s what?” Malachi asked, oblivious to what was happening.  
“Our father’s pendant,” Gabriel replied. “Someone took it.”
Gillies glared at Alexander. “What did you do with it?” 
Alexander was shocked, having no idea why they were accusing him. “What are you talking about?” 
Malachi stepped between his cousins and Alexander. “What proof do you have that he took it?” he questioned, glaring at Gillies.
“Who else here would take it?” Gabriel replied. “He’s the only one besides us who can use it.”
“I swear I didn’t take it,” Alexander explained truthfully. “You can search me if you don’t believe me.”
The Ifrit brothers looked at each other, nodding in agreement. “Search him,” Gabriel ordered his twin. 
Alexander stood up as Gillies approached to pat him down. When the frisk failed to return the sought item, Gillies turned back to his brother. “We should check his room,” he suggested. 
“This is ridiculous! He’s been with me all day,” Malachi erupted. “Did you even try looking for it before you come out here accusing him?”
“If he has nothing to hide, he has no reason to object to a search,” Gillies retorted. 
“Apart from it being an invasion of privacy,” quipped Laszlo before taking a swig of the flask. 
“I have nothing to hide,” explained Alexander, confident in his assertion. 
Gillies smiled. “Good, so you don’t mind us checking?” 
Frustrated by his cousins’ foolishness, Malachi turned to the younger male. “Are you sure? You don’t have to do this.”
Alexander shrugged. “I told them I have nothing to hide. They can search if they want.”
With that said, the five males travelled back to the castle and up to Alexander’s room. Gillies and Gaberial were the first to enter. They started searching the dresser, nightstand, and his other personal belongings. With nothing located in any of the containers, Gillies walked over to check the bed. Gillies lifted the mattress and was relieved to find his pendant. 
Having no idea how that got there, Alexander’s heart skipped a beat at the sight of the necklace. He stood paralyzed as his mind tried to make sense of what was happening. 
“I knew it!” called Gillies, retrieving the heirloom. “I knew the little thief was the one who took it!”
Alexander started to look around panic-stricken. “I have no idea how that got there!” he explained, wide-eyed and scared. “I didn’t take it! I swear!”
By now, the commotion had attracted some more of the castle inhabitants as Ulric came in to check on them. “What’s going on in here?” he asked the males.
“The kid swiped our father’s pendent from my room,” Gillies said, holding up the gold-coloured chain. “He was hiding it under his mattress.”
Ulric frowned and turned to Alexander. “You dear steal from us after everything we’ve done for you?” 
“I didn’t!” Alexander retorted, sounding scared. “I don’t know how that got there!” 
Gillies crossed his arms defensively. “If you didn’t take it, how else did it get here?”
“I don’t know,” Alexander replied, equally confused by the situation. “Someone else must have planted it. Maybe they’re trying to frame me.” He turned to Malachi. “You have to believe me,” he said to his friend pleadingly. 
Malachi shook his head in disappointment, unsure what to think at the moment.  
“Who here would want to frame you?” Gillies replied, not buying the boy’s excuse. 
“I dunno,” Alexander replied, unable to think of one person in this castle who might want to implicate him.
“We don’t tolerate thieves in this clan,” Ulric said with a stern expression. “I would like to see him gone by morning,” he ordered before exiting the room. 
Gillies placed his hand on his sword. “You should consider yourself lucky. I remember a time when we would cut off the thief's hand.” With the necklace in hand, Gillies exited the room with his brother, leaving Malachi and Alexander.
There was a moment of silence as Alexander tried to make sense of the situation. “You believe me, don’t you?” Alexander asked, tears now forming in his eyes at the thought of having to leave.
Malachi looked away, unable to meet his gaze. “I don’t know,” he replied truthfully. Although he wanted to believe Alexander, the evidence was against his friend.
“Please. I would never do anything to hurt you or your family,” Alexander said before taking a step towards the older male for comfort. 
Malachi took a step back, avoiding Alexander’s embrace. Seeing the doubt in his friend’s face, Alexander could not bring himself to look at Malachi any longer. His heart ached as he ran out of his room towards Diana’s, the only one in this castle who would believe him. She practically raised him and would know he is no thief.
Alexander went in search of Diana. Her room was only a few doors down from his, so he decided to try there first. He knocked on the door before opening it and looking inside.
“Diana, are you there?” Alexander called into the room. It was dark inside, so if she was there, she was likely sleeping. 
“Alexander?” said Diana, sounding half asleep. 
“Can I enter? I need to talk”
“Of course,” Diana said, sitting. She reached over and lit the lantern next to her bed. “What’s wrong?”
“Someone took Gillie’s pendent and hid it in my bedroom,” Alexander explained. “Now they think I’m a thief.”
“That’s awful,” Diana said, trying to sound surprised. “Who would do such a thing?”
“I don’t know,” Alexander said, growing increasingly distressed. “They want me gone by morning. I can’t believe this is happening to me,” he added, wiping a tear that was starting to form in his eye. 
“Are you sure this is not a misunderstanding?” Diana said, placing a hand on his shoulder for comfort. “Maybe you forgot to give it back to him after using it yesterday?”
“No, someone took it from Gillies’ room and framed me,” Alexander explained.  
“I never trusted this clan,” Diana said, shaking her head in disappointment. 
Alexander looked at Diana, trying to hold back the tears that were forming in her eyes. “I don’t know what to do. Will you come back to Greece with me?”
“I’m sorry, but I wasn’t planning on going back home,” Diana explained, looking at Alexander sympathetically. “I didn’t want to show you this,” she said while reaching into her nightstand. “I found this letter in Ulric’s library today. It’s an old letter from Tara addressed to Jacob. They’ve known where my nephew and your brother were this entire time and never told us. My poor brother has been searching all these years for nothing.”
“You know where my brother is?” Alexander asked in shock.
“I wasn’t going to ask you to come on this journey,” Diana lied. “I know you have ties here.”
“I’m coming with you. I need to see my brother,” Alexander declared, the sadness he was feeling now slightly diminished by the news of his brother. “Nothing is tieing me here anymore. They banished me for something I didn’t even do.”
Diana placed her hand on his shoulder again and looked Alexander in the eye. “I’m going to make this clan pay for what they did to us.”
“What are you going to do?” Alexander asked. 
“You’ll see,” Diana replied. “Go pack your valuables, and we’ll meet by the lake in four hours.”
Alexander hugged Diana and left to pack a bag. Diana did the same, making sure to remember everything, knowing full well that she’ll never return. Then, after retrieving her belongings,  she patiently waited until a few hours after midnight, when she was sure everyone was sound asleep before leaving her room. 
Walking quickly and quietly, she made her way towards the west wing back to Gillies’ room. She slowly pushed on the door, making sure not to make a sound as she entered his room. Her heart raced as she tip-toed across the room, using nothing more than the moonlight from the window to guide her. Spotting the chain and pendent on the dresser, Diana carefully lifted it, trying not to make a sound while removing the metal chain.  
Diana exited the room with the object in hand and made her way back to the east wing. She entered her room and started to gather the belongings she packed earlier. She placed the necklace on the bed to retrieve her bag when there was a knock on the door. Diana’s heart jumped when someone opened the door. Thinking that Gillies had caught on to her, she was slightly relieved when Darya entered the room with her infants wrapped against her torso. She must have been up for feeding because the twins were wide awake, and she appeared half-asleep. 
Darya walked into the room. “I thought I heard you up.”
“The little ones keeping you up?” Diana asked nervously. 
“They’re night owls,” Darya explained. “Do you know what happened with Alexander? Laszlo told me that Gillies caught him stealing the Ifrit pendant?”
“He said he didn’t do it, and I believe him,” Diana explained. “He said Ulric wants him gone by morning.”
“Laszlo told me it was pretty incriminating,” Darya said. “Who here would want to frame him?”
“You have to be careful. Ulric’s clan is corrupt,” Diana warned. 
“You’re talking about my family,” Darya said. “What proof do you have?”
Diana reached into her bag to retrieve the letter. “I found this in the library,” she said while handing it to her. “They’ve known the location of your brother’s whereabouts for dozens of years now and never said anything to us.”
Darya only started to read the letter when she noticed something and stopped. “This letter is addressed to Jacob.”
“He probably left it here years ago,” Diana replied. 
Darya shook her head in disagreement. “You’re wrong. Jacob would never keep that from us,” she said firmly, not believing Diana’s story. “In what book did you find the letter?” she asked, having read many of the books in the library. 
Diana paused, unable to respond as she thought of any answer quickly. “I can’t remember which book.”
Darya looked at Diana suspiciously. She was about to say something when she noticed the chain lying next to Diana’s bag on the bed. “What’s going on. What are you doing with that?” She asked in shock, motioning to the accessory. 
Diana snatched the letter from Darya. “We need it more than they do,” she said while quickly placing the letter and necklace in her bag. She was about to exit when Darya stepped in front of the door, blocking her path. 
“Where are you going?” Darya asked. Sensing the change in Darya’s demeanour, her children started growing fussy. 
“Where do you think we’re going?” Diana asked. “After all these years, we know where your brother is. Don’t you care about finding him?”
“Of course I do,” Darya explained, sounding more upset. “But I can’t let you leave with those items. They don’t belong to you.”
Diana tried to take a step around Darya, but the younger girl moved to block her. Diana frowned, becoming more frustrated with her niece. “Please, Darya. Let me pass.”
“No, Diana,” Darya replied. “I’m sure we can work this out. Just give them a chance to get to the truth.”
Diana tried again to pass the girl, but Darya would not budge from her position in front of the door. Diana reached for her hunting knife strapped to her belt. “Don’t make me hurt you,” she threatened. 
“How dear you threaten me,” Darya said while placing her hands around her children.
Darya was about to call out for help when Diana lunged forward and pushed the knife against her throat while placing her free hand over the girl’s mouth. The two infants immediately started crying as Diana leaned into them as she tried to restain Darya. 
Diana started to press her knife deeper into Darya’s throat as blood began to drip down onto the children's heads and blankets. Seeing the tears form in her niece's eyes and hearing the cries of the children, Diana could not bring herself to do it. Instead, she punched Darya hard in the face, causing her head to hit the stone wall, knocking her unconscious. Diana made sure to catch Darya so she would not fall on top of the children. 
The infants’ cries were growing louder from the commotion. Diana knew Ulric’s clan would not rest until they retrieved the necklace. She needed as much time as possible to get far away from here, and children’s cries will have them up in no time. Diana needed to find a way to calm them quickly before they woke someone up. Reaching down, she unfastened the distressed babies to try to comfort them. Rocking them in her arms helped a little, but it was apparent they wanted their mother. Diana did not have time to try to put them to sleep, so she figured she had no other choice but to bring them. Retrieving Darya's wrap, she secured the infants to her torso. Grabbing the last of her belongings, Diana quickly made her way to the exit with the twins, leaving an unconscious Darya on the floor and bleeding from a neck wound. 


XIV



August 19th, 2017


Ierapetra, Greece

It was early afternoon when Marko and his friends reached the large island in the middle of the Mediterranean Sea. After tending to Kori’s body, they travelled to the nearest town to recharge their phones. Knowing time was of the essence, Zaeris offered to make a call to her father, who arranged a private plane as far as Egypt. Once there, Marko, Adley, Zaeris, Zachariah, and Yuki journeyed north to Ierapetra.  
“Is this where we’ll find Jet?” asked Marko as they landed in a courtyard of a resort along the coast. 
“I don’t know,” Zaeris replied. “This is a popular resort for kin. All kin can come to hang out like a Sanctuary, but you have to pay for services like food and board. I visit all the time with my family. The owner is Jet’s ex-wife, but they’re still close. If anyone will know where to find him, it’s her.”
“So there’re no humans in this resort?” Adley asked. 
“Not many,” Zachariah explained. “It’s run by kin or half-kin members of their clan.”
Zaeris pointed her friends towards a large grouping of chairs circling a table under an umbrella. “Why don’t you all hang out in the café while my brother and I look for Meredith.”
After searching a few common areas, Zaeris and Zachariah found Meredith in her office on the first floor of the building. It was a large office with a desk, a sitting space, and another door leading to a private veranda. 
Meredith was seated at her desk doing paperwork and smiled upon seeing the twins enter through her open office door. Although she still had a youthful complexion, she had some signs of middle age with a few lines around her eyes. Her blue hair was cut short, and she looked tired with bearly visible circles under her eyes. 
“Hello,” Meredith said, standing up to greet the twins. “How are you?”
“We’re good,” Zaeris replied. “We’re on a mission.”
 “I heard about your assignment,” Meredith replied. “Kujo was here a few weeks ago telling me about it. He asked me to hold something for you in case you happen to come by this way.” She reached into her desk drawer and pulled out a vial of greenish-blue liquid. 
“What does it do?” Zachariah asked while accepting the liquid from Meredith. 
“Not sure. All Kujo said was that it’s a new potion they were looking to test on someone,” Meredith explained. “He said to use this on your target to ensure he won’t try to come back for the dagger.”
“That’s why we came here,” Zaeris said. “Jet has the dagger. You should also know that he found your son.”
“He found Finnigan?” Meredith asked in shock. She leaned back and sat on the edge of her desk to support herself as she processed the news. Tears of joy formed in her eyes at the thought of seeing her son after all these centuries.
“You should come to meet the kin we are travelling with,” Zaeris explained. “One of them lived with your son in New York.”
Meredith nodded. “Yes, I would very much like to speak to them.” She followed Zaeris and Zachariah to the courtyard, where Marko, Adley, and Yuki waited. Meredith was surprised to see Adley amongst the group of kin. 
“You have a human travelling with you?” Meredith whispered to the Ifrit siblings as they approached the small group.
“Yes, she came with them from New York,” Zaries replied before reaching her friends’ table. “Meredith, this is Adley, Marko, and Yuki,” she introduced. “Everyone, this is Meredith, Finn’s mother.”
Meredith smiled upon spotting Marko. “You must be Alexander’s brother,” she said to him. 
Marko nodded yes. “He left with Jet, Diana, and our friends Brook and Finn. Do you know where to find them?” Marko consciously failed to mention that they had the Ancients with them in fear of revealing too much information. 
Meredith scowled. “Well, that would explain why he hasn't tried to contact me yet.”
“Why?” Zaeris asked. 
“Jet knows if he tried to bring his sister around here, I would kill her,” Meredith answered with crossed arms.
“Me too,” Yuki agreed. “She murdered my brother.”
“I’m sorry for your loss,” Meredith said to the young girl sympathetically.
“What did she do to you?” Marko asked Meredith. 
“She tried to do the same to my daughter and kidnapped my granddaughters,” Meredith explained, the anger visible in her voice. 
“Diana told us that the Council killed Finn’s sister,” Adley explained. 
“Not surprising,” said Meredith, rolling her eyes in disgust. “That woman is nothing but a psychopathic liar. I don’t understand how my ex-husband can’t see it. His inability to condemn his sister is the main reason we are no longer together.”
“You should know that Moselle and Dalie are safe with my family in Manhatten,” Marko explained. 
“I know,” Meredith replied. “Nyx told us where they are. Their father left a few weeks ago to retrieve them. Knowing that they are safe has been a huge relief for our clan.”
“Do you know where we can find your ex?” Marko asked eagerly.
“If they came back this way, Jet likely went to The Cascata,” Meredith explained. “It’s the largest hotel we own located south of Naples, Italy.”
“I know where it is,” Zaeris said to the others. 
“You’re all welcomed to stay the night, free of charge,” Meredith offered. “It’s the least I can do for you after bringing me news of my son.”
“Thanks, but we need to go,” Zaeris replied. “If we leave now, we can be in Italy by morning.”
“Do we have time to eat first?” Marko asked. “I don’t you about you guys, but I’m starving.”
“Of course, there’s always time to eat,” Meredith said, smiling. “Anything you want from my restaurant, it’s yours, on the house.”
“I don’t know if you want to make that offer with Marko here,” Zaeris joked. “The guy’s a bottomless pit.”
Meredith smiled. “Don’t worry. We always have an abundance of bread. Follow me. I’ll find you a table,”  she explained while escorting her guests to the courtyard where they could eat their meal privately. After taking a seat, an Undine male with black and blue hair brought the group bread and an assortment of beverages such as water, fresh juice, and wine while they waited for their food. 
“Thanks, Adrain,” said Meredith as she poured herself a glass of wine and sat down with the group. “So, Yoki, where are you from?” she asked the youngest girl. 
Yoki finished taking a sip of her pomegranate juice before responding. “Rishiri Island. It’s in northern Japan.”
Meredith smiled. “I thought so. My great-grandmother is from Rishiri Island. She moved away after she met my great-grandfather.”
“Is that when your family came to the village?” Marko asked as he poured himself a glass of wine. 
“Yes,” Meredith replied. “I’ve always wanted to visit Rishiri Island but never had the chance. I wouldn’t even know where to find the village.” 
“I can take you some time,” Yoki offered. 
“I have to ask,” Marko said, placing down his glass. “What exactly happened to our village? Finn, Brook, Trent, we all thought our parents died that night up until a few days. So why didn’t any of our parents come looking for us?”
A saddened expression appeared on Meredith’s face, and she took a large sip of her drink before speaking. “It was a chaotic night,” Meredith explained. “I told Diana that if she found Finn, she was to bring him to me, but instead, Diana gave him to Tara and told them that she would meet them a Beaumont. With our home destroyed and nowhere to go, we had allies to the east who we hoped could help us. We figured you were all safer in Beaumont until we could find a permanent home. Arroyo became ill early into the journey and couldn’t travel, so Diana took Alexander and continued east with the plan to return for her. As soon as we found a clan willing to take us in, Jet and I immediately went back for Arroyo and the children, but Arroyo had already left, and Tara had already departed Beaumont. From that moment on, Jet and I spent every summer searching for Finn. Jacob said he helped Tara travel as far as Paris, but we had no idea she left for America. Then Diana got a hold of one of Tara’s letters, so she knew where to find you and left before informing us.”
“Diana said that a kin named Jacob helped her reach America, but he died trying to help them,” Adley explained. “She never said what exactly happened, but she made it sound like the Council had something to do with his death.”
“I assure you it was not. Jacob was the only individual well-liked amongst the entire Council,” Meredith said confidently. “Coincidently, he disappeared around the same time Diana left for America. We never found a body, but we did find blood next to the lake where Diana was living at the time. After a thorough investigation, we determined that Tara sent a letter to a French Sanctuary addressed to Jacob, who finally picked it up a week before Diana left with Jacob’s letter, and nobody has seen him since.” Meredith took another sip of her drink before looking down at her glass mournfully. “His death caused a ripple effect that tore families apart.”   
There was a moment of silence while everyone processed Meredith’s story. The look on Adley’s face suggested that she was busting with follow-up questions, but she did not get a chance to say anything before two servers walked over with trays of food. 
“I’ll leave you to your meal,” Meredith said before standing up to leave. 
Marko’s mouth started to water at the sight of all the fresh food seasoned with aromatic herbs and drizzled in copious amounts of olive oil that seemed to go down even easier with the wine. 
An hour quickly passed as everyone ate and started to liven up with the help of the wine. It’s been almost two weeks since they ate last like this, and the alcohol only exacerbated the exhaustion from the long journey. Tears of joy were forming in Marko’s eyes as his tastebuds savoured the smorgasbord. Unfortunately, by the time Marko was too full to eat another bite, he was already drunk and likely were a few others. 
“I don’t think I can eat another bite,” Adley said as she leaned back uncomfortably in her chair. 
“I suddenly have a strong urge to sleep this off in a soft bed,” Zaeris added as she finished the last sip of her wine. 
“Me too,” Marko answered truthfully. It was as if the last few days of turmoil finally caught up to him. His eyes were heavy, and his whole body ached. He was starting to doubt if he could even make the trip to Italy tonight. 
“Maybe we can rest here for a bit?” Adley proposed, saying what everyone was thinking. 
“I was thinking the same thing,” Zachariah agreed. 
“It’s still early,” Zaeris said while pouring the remainder of the wine from a bottle into her glass. “We could rest here a few hours and be there by morning if we leave by midnight.”
“I could use a little rest,” Yuki agreed.
Zaeris smiled and quickly finished her glass. “Then we have a plan.”
“Wow, Zaeris, how are you able to drink like that,” Marko commented, noticing that the girl drank almost a bottle to herself and appeared normal. “I’ve only had three glasses, and my head is spinning.”  
Zaeris laughed. “My grandfather is a Venti, so the alcohol does not affect me. I do enjoy the taste, though,” she explained before standing up from the table. “I’ll go get us a few rooms,” she offered before exiting. 
It did not take long before Zaeris returned with five keys, so everyone had a room to themselves. Marko was so exhausted he did not waste much time before making his way to his room. Finally getting out of his dirty clothes that were worn and ripe from the last few days of travelling, Marko quickly showered off and collapsed into the soft, clean bed. After all the camping they had been doing, Marko welcomed the feeling of a mattress under him but did not have time to revel in it before passing out in a deep sleep. 
Marko blacked out for a good five hours before his nagging thoughts started to disrupt his sleep. He could not stop thinking about his brother’s betrayal and losing Freya’s dagger. Marko missed his family so much. He wished he never came on this journey. 
Unable to sleep any longer, Marko looked at the time. It was almost nine in the evening his time, meaning it was early afternoon in Manhatten. He reached for his fully charged cell phone resting on the nightstand. He was feeling so sad and lonely he figured the only thing that could cheer him up right now was talking to his family. So, picking up his phone, Mako tried Freya’s number and was surprised that it went immediately to voicemail. Freya always made sure to charge her phone, and she was usually reliable at answering, so it worried him that it might be off. He waited a few minutes and tried again, hoping that maybe she was on the other line, but when it went to voicemail again, a bad feeling started to form in the pit of his stomach. 
Marko then decided to try Felix’s cell. Felix was the most reliable twin, so it would be him if someone were going to answer. After what felt like a dozen rings, Felix finally answered the video chat. It took a few seconds to connect but seeing his son’s face immediately lifted Marko’s spirits. 
“Felix, it’s so good to see you,” Marko greeted his son. 
“Hey, Dad,” Felix said with a smile. The boy sounded out of breath and looked sweaty, with his mound of red hair appearing more matted than usual. “How’s your trip?” 
“Great,” Marko lied. “Why do you look so sweaty?” That’s when Marko noticed the bright light behind his son, suggesting that he was outside. “Where are you?”
Felix looked nervously at his father. “We're hanging with some friends,” he replied, trying to avoid answering the question.
It was then that Marko heard an unfamiliar female voice through the phone. “Are you with a girl?” he asked his son, smiling. 
Marko could hear what appeared to be arguing between his other son Flint’s voice and the female. The arguing continued while Flint’s voice seemed to grow louder as he neared his brother. 
“Felix, who are you talking to?” Flint asked as he approached. “I need help! These bi­tc—”
“I’m talking with our Father,” Felix interrupted, saving his brother from finishing the sentence. 
Flint’s head quickly appeared onto the screen. “Oh, hey, Dad,” he said with a smile. “How’s your trip? Are Nana and Oduda with you?”
“No. Wait? How do you know about them?” Marko asked, bewildered, wondering how his sons knew the names of the Ancients. 
Flint shrugged. “It’s a long story,” he said before looking off-screen, then glanced back to his father with a worried expression. “Gotta go, bye!”
Felix looked off-screen, then rolled his eyes and glanced back down at his father. “I should go help him.”
“Hey, wait,” Marko said, stopping Felix from ending the call. “Do you know where your mother is? I think her phone is off.”
“Ahh, I think she went on a job,” Felix replied vaguely. “You know how she is. Leave her a message, and she’ll call you as soon as she can.”
Marko frowned. “Wait! Are you not saying because she told you not to tell anyone, or just me?” he asked eagerly. 
Felix paused as if he was considering the question but ultimately decided not to answer. “Bye, Dad,” he said before ending the call. 
Although Marko was happy to see his children, that call did not make him feel better. If anything, it only made him feel lonelier, so he decided to go for a walk to clear his head. Marko put on his least smelly pair of pants and was about to leave the room. He opened the door and was surprised to find Zaeris standing in the doorway with clothes in her hands. The young girl smiled upon spotting Marko. 
“Oh, hey, I was just about to knock,” Zaeris said, holding up the clothes. “Jet’s hotel has a dress code, so I picked us all up some clothes from one of the shops. You were my last stop.”
Marko smiled and stepped aside, allowing her entry. “Thanks. What do I owe you? I have some American money in my bag. I might have a few Egyptian pounds left but not many.”
“It’s not necessary,” Zaeris said while handing Marko a clean pair of blue pants and a matching shirt that looked similar in style to the shirts the men in Zaeris’ village wore. “I get a steep discount. It was practically nothing.”
“That’s very generous of you,” Marko said while placing the clothes down on the table. 
“Where were you about to go?” Zaeris asked.
“For a walk,” Marko replied.  
Zaeris smiled knowingly. “Couldn’t sleep?”
“Sorta, how did you know?” Marko asked. 
“You were the only one besides my brother not sleeping,” Zaeris replied. “It looked like Adley was going to need a few more hours when I brought by her outfit. I felt bad for waking them up.”
“Were you able to get any sleep?” Zaeris asked, looking genuinely concerned. “You were looking a little tipsy at lunch.”
“I little,” Marko replied truthfully. “Then I think the alcohol wore off. But, man, am I thirsty.”
Zaeris smiled and walked over to the small kitchenette in the room. “Your room should have a fridge with complimentary drinks. They have great flavoured water.” She kneeled to look in the small fridge. “Do you like strawberries?”
“Sure,” Marko replied as Zaeris threw him the bottle of water. He opened it and immediately drank almost all of its contents. 
As Marko chugged the bottle of water, Zaeris noticed the view from the balcony doorway. “Lucky, you got a view of the sea. I’m across the hall, so I only have a resort view.” She walked across the room and onto the balcony. Marko followed her once he finished drinking the bottle.  
Zaeris remained silent as she listened to the peaceful sound of the water crashing down on the rocks below while taking in the fresh sea breeze. Leaning against the balcony rail, Marko sighed as he looked up at the thin crescent moon hanging in the night sky. 
“What’s wrong?” Zaeris asked, sensing that something was on his mind. 
“I dunno,” Marko replied. “I guess I’m just restless. It’s been a long few weeks, and the homesickness is getting to me.”
“Why don’t you give them a call?” Zaeris suggested. “I’m sure talking with them will make you feel a little better.”
Marko smiled. “I tried calling my boys, but they’re starting to hit that age where they’re too busy for me. Who am I kidding? They’ve always been like that. I tried calling Freya, but her phone was off. I’m relieved in a way, though. I don’t know how I’m going to break the news to her about her dagger. It’s one of the few things she has belonging to her father.”
Zaeris turned away from the scenery to look at Marko. “Don’t worry. I’m sure we can get it back. She won’t even know you lost it,” she said, trying to cheer him up. 
Marko turned to look at Zaeris. “I hope so,” he said, smiling faintly. 
There was another moment of silence as their eyes locked. It was apparent that Zaeris had feelings for Marko, but Marko was oblivious, too preoccupied with his feelings of loss and loneliness to notice the girl’s advances. Unable to control herself any longer, Zaeris leaned in for a fiery kiss, standing on her tippy toes as she pushed herself into the arms of the older man. 
It took a moment for Marko to realize what was happening before the shock set in, and he pushed her away gently. Although the embrace felt good, he could never betray the love of his life. Plus, even if he were single, the age difference would still be a dealbreaker for him. 
“No. I’m sorry. I can’t,” Marko said, feeling a mixture of guilt and shame for allowing the kiss to linger longer than it should. 
The rejection made Zaeris' face turn red from embarrassment. She was about to say something but stopped when she heard a vibrating noise coming from Marko’s pocket. Thinking it was Freya returning his call, Marko’s heart skipped a beat at the thought of his wife finding out what just happened. Marko retrieved his phone and was relieved to see that it was only Brook calling him. 
Marko answered the video call, and Brook’s face appeared on his screen. It looked like she was in a hotel room. 
“Marko, I’m so glad to see you are okay,” Brook said in a low voice as if she was trying to hide the call. 
“It’s good to see you too,” Marko replied to his cousin. “Where are you?”
“Our flight landed in Naples, Italy, a few hours ago. We just arrived at some hotel,” Brook explained, looking around. “We landed on the roof, so I didn’t catch the name of it, but my phone says we are near Pompeii.”
 “It must be The Cascata,” Zaeris said, listening in on the conversation. 
“We’re in Greece right now,” Marko explained. “We should be there tomorrow morning.”
“How did you get to Greece so quickly?” Brook asked, looking surprised. 
“Zaeris arranged a jet as far as Egypt,” Marko replied before asking the more critical questions. “Is everyone okay? Where’s Finn?”
“Everyone is safe, I think,” Brook replied. “When we arrived, they ushered me to a room and told me not to leave. They said Finn would be up soon. I hope he’s okay.”
“Do you know what they plan to do with the Ancients?” Marko asked. 
“I’m not sure,” Brook said. “I overheard Jet talking to Diana on the plane. I think he might be working with the Council. They were arguing a lot.”
Zaeris to move closer to the phone. “Are you sure?”  
“I think so,” Brook replied. “Jet got some phone call before boarding. It sounded like he got a position with them or something.” 
“Watch out for Diana,” Marko warned. “She lied about everything. We think she killed Tempest’s father before coming to America, and she tried to kill Finn’s sister.”
“So, Freya was right to be suspicious of her,” Brook said, not sounding surprised by the news. She looked like she was about to say something when there was a knocking sound in the background, causing Brook to quickly look away from the phone before turning back to Marko. “I gotta go. Someone’s at the door.”
“We’ll text you as soon. Be safe,” Marko said before ending the call. 
An awkward silence lingered in the room with Brook gone, and neither of them wanted to discuss what happened before the call. 
Zaeris looked at her watch. “We have a long night ahead of us. I should go get ready,” she said nervously before exiting the room. 
Zaeris exited Marko’s room and went two doors down towards her brother’s room. Zaeris knocked and waited a few seconds for Zacharia to answer the door. He had a glower on his face as he allowed his sister entry. 
“Why didn’t you do it?” Zacharia asked as soon as he shut the door. “You said you were going to take care of him before we left.”
“His friend just called us,” Zaeris explained. “She’s helping him and won’t cooperate if Marko is gone.”
Zacharia crossed his arms. “He won’t rest until he gets that dagger back. We can’t let him reach Jet.”
“We can give him the potion when we reach the hotel,” Zaeris suggested. “Maybe we can make his clan think that Diana did it.”
Zacharia’s scowl deepened, not buying Zaeris’s excuse. “You can’t fool me, sister. I saw you making out with him on the patio. I hope you’re not going soft on me. It’s our first mission.”
Zaeris glared at her brother. “You don’t have to worry about me, brother,” she said, offended that he was questioning her loyalty to the mission. “I’ll do it as soon as we get there,” she said before leaving for her room to pack.



XV



August 20th, 2017


Pompeii, Italy

The sun was setting along Italy’s Campania region. Inside The Cascata Hotel, Brook, Finn, and Jet sat eating dinner in a private dining room. They were all dressed formally, wearing altered black sleeveless shirts and pants, while Brook wore a dark blue backless dress. 
Brook had just finished her first drink when the servers brought out the appetizer. Although Finn technically did not need to eat, he still nibbled on the food to not appear rude. It was Brook’s first time being alone with them since they arrived at the hotel. She was a little nervous about eating with Finn’s father, but the alcohol was starting to help settle her nerves. After a few moments of awkward silence, they were finally starting to feel comfortable enough to carry on a conversation.  
 “I called your mother,” Jet informed Finn, breaking the silence. “She’s ecstatic to know you are alive and well. She can’t wait to see you.”
 “Why isn’t she here?” Finn asked.
 “We split up a long time ago. Your mother’s living in Greece now,” Jet replied. 
“Where is Finn’s sister?” Brook asked.
“Darya is staying with my grandfather,” Jet explained. “She usually spends the summer with my birth mother’s family.”
 “Diana told us she was dead,” Brook remarked, poking at her salad appetizer. 
 “That’s probably what my sister believed at the time,” Jet replied calmly. 
 “Diana’s a lier and a killer,” Finn said resentfully. “She killed our friend, tried to kill Darya, and took her children. I don’t know how you can still be cordial with her.”
Jet frowned and placed down his fork. “It’s not that simple. Diana has been through a lot. Before you were born, a sickness engulfed our entire village. Diana lost her twin sister, husband, and young infants, so much loss in a matter of weeks. She’s never been able to recover fully. After we lost our parents, I was the only immediate family she had left.”
There was a pause as Book thought about what Jet said. Diana never mentioned having children or a husband. She assumed it was too difficult for Diana to discuss.  “Darya’s children are safe with our family in New York,” Brook said, changing the subject. 
 “I know,” Jet said. “Their father left a few weeks ago to retrieve them. He should have made contact with them by now.”
 “Really?” Brook asked, surprised by this news. “Who is Moselle and Dalie’s father?”
Jet took a few bites of his food before replying. “Laszlo, he’s Melinda and Lazarus’ son.”
Brook dropped her fork in shock. “Lazarus? Are you talking about my father?”
Jet paused, suddenly realizing that Brook was one of Lazarus’s firstborn left in Beaumont with Finn. “Yes, I believe so.”
“He has other children?” Brook asked in shock. “How old are they?”
“Laszlo is around the same age as Finn and Darya,” replied Jet. 
“I have another brother,” Brook said, stunned. 
“Lazarus and Melinda had triplets,” Jet corrected. “So you have a brother and two sisters.”
Brook’s stomach turned as she absorbed the news. “That would explain why my father never bothered looking for us,” she remarked angrily. 
“No, we came back looking for you,” Jet corrected, trying to make Brook feel better. “We figured you were safer in Beaumont. We wanted to ensure we had a safe place to live first, but you had already left by the time my ex-wife and I returned.”
Brook was so angry by the news of her father she stood up from the table. “I’m sorry, I need some fresh air.”
“Do you want me to come with you?” Finn asked his partner, about to stand up. 
“No, you stay and catch up with your dad. I just need a moment,” Brook said before leaving the dining room. 
Since Brook was unfamiliar with the hotel layout, she made her way to the only exit she knew where to find. She found the staircase leading up to the rooftop and walked out into the warm evening breeze. 
Brook's mind raced while looking down at the lights below. If finding out that her father was alive all this time was not bad enough, learning that he abandoned her and Trent to be with some second family was devastating. Unlike Marko and Finn, Brook had no desire to see her surviving parent. Part of her even wished she never discovered the truth as she wondered how she would break the news to her brother. 
Glancing down at her cellphone, Brook was about to call her brother when she was distracted by the presence of someone else. She looked behind and was surprised to see Nyx landing on the rooftop, followed by a younger Undine female and an older Ifrit male.  The male stood a few feet behind the group, observing without interacting. 
Unsure what their intentions were, Brook took a defensive stance. 
Nyx smirked. “We’re not here to fight you,” she said with crossed arms. “I assume you are here to help Marcus retrieve the Ifrit dagger?”
Brook took a more relaxed stance and nodded yes, still trying to decide if she should trust Nyx. 
“Then maybe we can help each other out,” Nyx explained before motioning to the younger woman next to her. “This is Finn’s sister Darya.”
Brook smiled and held out her hand. “Hi. I’m Brook,” she greeted, but Darya did not return the gesture and continued to stand there with a stern expression on her face. 
After a few seconds of silence, Darya’s expression softened a little. “Sorry for being so rude,” she said, unable to maintain her angry demeanour any longer. “I didn’t want to lose my focus.”
“Darya is here for retribution,” Nyx clarified. 
“And to see my brother,” Darya quickly added. “I’m eager to see him too. I’ve just been waiting a long time for this day. Diana is finally going to be held accountable for what she has done to my family.”
“I understand,” Brook agreed. “I’d feel the same way if I were you.”
“We still need to get to Diana first,” Nyx reminded Darya. 
Darya nodded in agreement. “What do we do now?”
Nyx turned to Brook. “Where’s Jet?”
“I think he’s still at dinner,” Brook replied.
“Do you know where he’s keeping Diana and the relics?” 
Brook shrugged. “I don’t know.”
Nyx frowned and looked back at the male. “We’ll bring her up as soon as we locate her,” she said to Gabrial before turning Darya. “Do you know the location of Jet’s suite?”
“Yes,” Darya answered. 
“I can’t think of a better place to start looking,” Nyx said before motioning for Darya and Brook to lead the way.

ΟΟΟΟΟΟΟ

It was evening, and the downstairs hotel bar was starting to fill. The Cascata was a luxury hotel containing a pool with a waterfall feature, a five-star restaurant on the top floor, and a large lobby lounge. Adley, Marko, Yuki, Zaeris, and Zachariah had arrived a little before dinnertime and quickly contacted Brook. After mentioning her dinner plans, Brook offered to use the opportunity to try to find out information on the location of the stolen relics and their plans for the Ancients. 
The bag around Adley’s shoulder was packed, and she had not let it out of her sight the entire trip. Holding her bag tight, Adley offered to look around since she was the most inconspicuous, with Yuki offering to join her.  The three Ifrits stayed in the lounge, waiting for Brook to call with more information.
Zachariah seemed to be in a bad mood for most of the journey. It was usual for him to be one of the quietest group members, but he seemed more distant today, refusing to engage in any attempt to talk. Marko used the silence as an opportunity to excuse himself and attend the washroom leaving the twins alone at the table. 
After making sure Marko was gone, Zachariah turned to his sister sitting next to him. “I thought you said you were going to do it as soon as we arrived.”
Zaeris did not return her brother’s gaze as she continued to look down at her empty glass. “We still have time,” she countered. “We haven’t even made contact with Brook yet.”
Zachariah clenched his fist in anger while glaring at his sister. “Our father might be here any minute. We have the Ancients. Our mission is nearing completion. We need to ensure that Marko nor his friends retrieve that dagger. We need to eliminate him now while he’s alone before it is too late.” His sister’s silence only angered him further. “If you don’t have the guts to do it, I will,” Zachariah said, holding out his hand. 
Zaeris finally turned to look at her brother with watery eyes. “Please, Zachariah. You don’t have to do this. There must be another way.” She placed her hand on her brother’s shoulder, looking at him pleadingly.
Zachariah jerked his shoulder away from his sister’s hand while reaching for her bag. Retrieving the vial from Zaeris’ bag, Zachariah stood up and exited the booth just as Marko returned. 
Marko sat down across from Zaeris and immediately noticed the troubled look on her face. 
“Are you okay?” Marko asked, matching her worried expression. 
Zaeris took a deep breath. “Yeah,” she exhaled, trying to compose herself. 
Seconds later, Zachariah returned to the table with a tray holding three red drinks. 
“What’s this?” Zaeris asked her brother, looking a little worried. 
“I figured this is going to be another long night,” Zachariah said while handing each of them a beverage. “Just thought we should have one last drink before we get this mission started,” he explained while sitting down next to his sister. 
Marko smiled. “Thanks,” he said while taking a sip of his alcoholic drink. Zachariah had been in such a bad mood most of the night. Marko figured this was his friend’s way of apologizing. 
Although Zachariah’s disposition had improved, Zaeris looked in low spirits as she gazed quietly at her glass. Marko was halfway through his drink when Adley and Yuki returned to update the group.
“Did you find anything?” Marko asked the females eagerly. 
“You can’t access the elevators without a room keycard,” Yuki explained. 
Adley smiled. “So we book us a room,” she added while holding up a card. “Does anyone want to go take a look around?”
“Yes, please,” Marko said before finishing the last few gulps of his drinks. After laying the empty glass on the table, Marko and the siblings stood up, and they all followed Adley towards the elevator. 

ΟΟΟΟΟΟΟ

Brook, Darya, and Nyx had entered Jet’s suite in search of the relics. Finally, after completely tossing the large room and turning up empty-handed, Nyx turned to the others.
“They’re not here,” Nyx said, stating the obvious. “Any other ideas?”
“There are three more suites on this floor,” Darya explained. “It could be in one of the other rooms.”
“Lead the way,” Nyx said as Darya pulled out her master keycard. 
The three females walked down the hallway to the next room. Darya approached the door, using the keycard to open it. Diana was sitting at the kitchen table containing Nyx’s bangle, the Ifrit journal, and Yuki’s key inside the room. Hanging around the Undine’s neck was a silver necklace with a giant blue orb mounted in the middle. 
Diana looked startled when the uninvited guests entered the room, but she was even more surprised when she spotted Darya standing amongst the group. “What are you doing here?” Diana asked in shock.
“We’re here for the relics, obviously,” replied Nyx. “Except Darya, she’s here for the bounty on your head.”
Diana looked nervously at the three. “You have to believe me when I say I did not mean for any of this to happen,” she explained, raising her hands defensively.
Nyx rolled her eyes. “So what were you trying to do when you almost killed Darya and took her children?”
“I’ve missed out on so much because of you!” Darya said while retrieving the blade strapped to her side. “I will never get to watch them grow!” She was about to rush Diana when Axel ran in from the balcony holding the Ifrit dagger in his hand. 
“Don’t touch her!” Axel said as his eyes started to glow a bright red, and fire formed in his hands. 
“STOP!” a male roared, causing everyone’s attention to turn towards the door where Jet and Finn stood behind the women. 
Darya turned around with tears forming in her eyes. She was about to say something to her father when she spotted Finn. A little taken aback from his unusual appearance, she looked at him questionably. “Finn?”
The cyborg smiled and nodded at his sister, who immediately ran over for a hug. 
“After all these centuries,” Darya said, finally ending the long embrace. “I’ve always dreamt of the day we might see each other again. What happened to you?”
“It’s a long story,” Finn said, smiling.
As the two siblings greeted each other, Nyx made her way towards the table. 
“What do you think you're doing?” Jet demanded. 
“I’m here to take back what’s mine,” Nyx replied as she reached the items. Diana tried to stop Nyx from getting the cuff band, causing Nyx to grab Diana's arm and twist it so far behind her back she called out in pain. 
“Leave my sister alone,” Jet warned while retrieving his sword. 
“The Council has a bounty on her head,” Nyx reminded him. “I know you are a new appointee, but you should know they take this stuff very seriously.”
“But she’s my sister,” Jet pleaded angrily. 
“She’s a murderer!” Nyx countered. “Gabriel is on the rooftop waiting to take her into custody where she will answer for her crimes.”
“What are you talking about?” Axel asked, confused. “Who did she kill?”
“She killed Jacob,” Darya explained. “She killed him and took his letter from Tara.”
“No,” Axel said, shaking his head. “She found it in the library. It had been there for years.”
“We talked to the caretakers of the Sancturay Tara sent the letter to,” Daraya explained. “Jacob had only picked it up days before you left.”
Axel looked shocked as he turned to Diana. “Is this true?” 
Diana nodded her head yes, unable to speak.
“Why?” Axel asked.
Tears started to form in Diana’s eyes as she met Axel’s gaze. “It wasn’t my intention to hurt him,” she explained. “That letter was my only chance to get us away from that depraved clan. I tried to convince him to leave with us then, but he wouldn’t listen to reason.”
Axel glared at Diana as he listened to her explanation. “You were the one who hid the dagger in my room,” he said, finally coming to the correct conclusion. 
“I had to do it! That clan was corrupting you,” Diana declared. “It was the only way I could convince you to leave.”
“You made me look like a thief!” Axel yelled in anger. “You ruined my life! The relationship with the man I loved!”
“Wow, did not see that one coming,” Nyx remarked with a grin before turning back to Jet. “Don’t you see the damage this woman’s caused? How many more have to suffer while you continue to protect her?”
“Nyx’s right, Father,” Darya said to Jet. “Everything she does is solely for her self-interests. She abandoned you for practically a century and couldn’t even be bothered to tell you the location of Finn, knowing you were scouring the globe for him. Are you willing to risk everything you worked tirelessly for to protect her?”
“Darya’s right,” Finn agreed. “She needs to be held accountable.” 
“What’s it going to be,” Darya asked her father, “her or us?”
Jet remained silent before finally looking at his sister with a solemn expression. “I’m sorry,” he said regrettably. 
“NO!” Diana yelled as Nyx grabbed her arm and forcefully removed the chain over her head. “Please, Brother!” Diana continued to struggle as Nyx tried to lead her towards the door. 
With Diana refusing to go willing, Nyx was about to subdue her when Jet stopped them. 
“No, I’ll take her up,” Jet said, unable to watch Nyx maltreat his sister. He walked over to Diana, looking at her remorsefully. “Please don’t make this harder than it has to be,” he said while placing his hand on her shoulder. 
Diana nodded in compliance and followed her brother to the rooftop where Gabriel was waiting to take her to face justice for her crimes. 
Nyx threw the Undine amulet on the table just as Marko, Adley, Yuki, Zaeris, and Zachariah entered. Marko smiled upon spotting his friends Brook and Finn but glowered at the sight of his brother holding Freya’s blade. 
“Give me the dagger, Alexander,” said Marko in a stern voice. 
Axel stared at his brother as he carefully planned his next move. He then looked around the room and threw the dagger over to his brother, realizing they outnumbered him. 
Marko’s angry expression softened. “Thank you,” he said, relieved to have the weapon back. 
Feeling angry and confused for blindly following Diana all these years, Axel was too ashamed to face his brother. Thinking he overstayed his welcome with this group, Axel turned towards the balcony to exit when his brother stopped him. 
“Where are you going?” Marko asked. “I know we have our differences, but we can still work through them.”
Axel looked away, unable to meet his brother’s gaze. “I need some time to figure things out.”
“If you are ever in New York, you know where to find us,” Marko said as his brother turned towards the exit. 
“Thanks,” Axel replied before jumping off the balcony and disappearing into the night. 
“How sweet,” Nyx said before turning to Darya. “It was nice seeing you again, but I have a flight to catch,” she said while giving the young Undine a big hug. “Say hi to your mother for me,” she added before exiting the room. As she continued down the hallway searching for the Ancient’s room, Nyx grinned while holding Darya’s master key she pickpocketed. 
Adley walked over to the table to retrieve Yuki’s key. “I think this belongs to you,” she said, handing over the relic.
“Thank you,” Yuki said, smiling. 
“I don’t know about you, but I’m tired,” Adley said to the youth. “Do you want to come with me to the room? I spent seven hundred Euro on it, so I damn well am going to use it.”
“I can probably get you a refund,” Darya offered. 
“Thanks,” Adley said before handing Marko the extra keycard and exiting with Yuki. 
Zaeris smiled upon spotting her family’s journal as she approached the table to retrieve it. 
Darya then turned to her brother. “I know where mom is. Do you want to go see her?”
Finn smiled. “I would love to. Can Brook come?”
“Sure,” Darya replied, returning the smile.
“Is it okay with you if we go?” Brook asked Marko.
Marko smiled. “Sure. Just call when you are ready to leave.”
By now, everyone had vacated the room except Marko, Zaeris, and Zachariah. Still too early and full of adrenalin, the three made their way back down to the lounge for one more celebratory drink. 
The three were standing in the elevator when Marko started to feel strange. Now that his epinephrine was diminishing, nausea and lightheadedness were beginning to overtake him. Zaeris and Zachariah noticed that he looked pale but did not say anything.
By the time they made their way towards the lounge, Marko was in distress as he slowly walked to the lounge. It was starting to get busy with music playing and people dancing on the dancefloor in the room corner. 
Finding an empty booth, Zacharia helped a woosy Marko in while Zaeries left for drinks. Zachariah sat opposite of Marko, who was leaning against the booth wall for support. 
Forcing himself to sit up straight, Marko looked at the younger Ifrit. “I think something’s wrong,” he said with a worried expression. 
“Not feeling well?” Zachariah asked, trying to sound sympathetic. “Maybe it was something you drank?” he asked with a smirk.
“What are you talking about?” Marko asked, sounding scared. He knew something was seriously wrong. “What did you give me?”
Zachariah ignored Marko’s questions as he looked down at the phone that had started to vibrate on the table. He looked up from his phone when he noticed Zaeris approach with three drinks. After handing out the drinks, Zaeris sat next to Marko, boxing him in. 
“Dad’s still waiting on the roof,” Zachariah explained to his sister. “We got to go.”
As Zachariah stood to exit the booth, Marko noticed Freya’s dagger in his hand. He had lifted the weapon off of Marko while helping him take a seat. 
“Please, don’t take it,” Marko tried to yell at the male, but his voice was too weak over the music. Knowing he would not have the strength to run after them, let alone fight, the only recourse he had was pleading with them. Marko placed his weak hand on Zaeris’ shoulder as he looked at her with a mix of fear and anguish in his eyes. “Please, help me.”
Zaeris eyes started to water as she looked at the man dying before her. “I’m so sorry, Marko, but my family comes first,” Zaeris said with a tear in her eye as she kissed him on the forehead and stood up to leave. 
Although people surrounded him, Marko was alone and scared as he sat in the booth.  Marko’s arms were too heavy to wipe the tears from his eyes as he thought about his family. Knowing he would never see Freya and the boys ripped Marko’s heart in two as sharp pains started to shoot down his legs and torso. As Marko sat there fighting unsuccessfully to survive, all he could think about was wishing Freya had answered his last call. He would give anything to talk to her one last time.
Marko’s heart started to race as the pain began to subside, and his mind drifted into a dream-like state. Forcing himself to fight the sleepness but still in a heavy daze, Marko looked up to see Freya standing across the room looking at him. She looked stunning in a long red dress, red shoes, and her black and red hair pinned up. Seeing Freya dressed up and her hair in anything other than a ponytail, Marko knew he was dreaming.
Using every last ounce of strength he had, Marko stood up to see her, uncaring that it was not real. He was so desperate to talk to her one last time he was willing to indulge in a dream. Seeing Marko struggle to walk, Freya quickly approached and hugged him tight immediately upon contact. Marko hugged back with what little strength he had left as the tears flowed freely.
“It’s so good to see you,” Marko said with a cracked voice. 
“It’s so good to see you too,” Freya said, tightening her arms around him. “What’s wrong?”
Marko wanted to tell her the whole story but did not have the strength. “I’m sorry,” was all he was able to say. “I lost your dagger. I should never have come on this trip.” Resing his head on Freya’s shoulder, Marko savoured her soft skin and her natural musk of cannabis and strawberries. He did not realize until now how much he missed it. 
“You are the only thing I care about,” Freya faintly smiled as she tried to comfort him. “As long as you’re safe. That’s all that matters.”
“I don’t want to die like this,” Marko whispered, tears running down Freya’s chest as he nuzzled his face into her neck. “I wish I could see you and the boys one last time.”
“Don’t worry,” Freya reassured him. “We won’t let that happen. Tempest will fix you up.”
Hearing Freya mention Tempest only reinforced his belief that this was all his imagination. He knew Tempest was spending the summer visiting family in Canada, so there was no way she could be here with Freya on the other side of the globe. 
Marko looked down, mortified to see his hands turning stone grey and petrified. He had no strength left to talk, his breathing now laboured as his body stiffened. Finally, unable to hold himself up any longer, he became limp as he felt himself fall back into the seat of the booth he was sitting in earlier. 
“Hurry, Tempest, over here!” Freya’s voice called as everything around Marko started to grow dark and fade.
Falling unconscious, all Marko could hear was panicky voices calling his name in the distance until eventually fading away and darkness finally consuming him.

ΟΟΟΟΟΟΟ

Thirty thousand feet and climbing rapidly, a private Omicron Incorporated jet ascends into the clear night sky carrying Nyx and her guests. Never one to obey rules, even those of the airline safety variety, the company president had her laptop opened and was video calling her assistant for debriefing. 
John's workday was finishing up as he sat at his office desk in his usual serious demeanour. He had just finished updating Nyx on matters affecting the company and moved on to more critical issues. 
“We secured the journals and the book but lost the hammer,” John explained. “We’re going to send in a team to retrieve it.”
“Hold off for now,” Nyx ordered. “We’ve come too far to risk spreading ourselves thin. Now that we have the books, you know my nieces will stop at nothing to get them back.”
“Luckily, more pressing issues are occupying them at present,” John explained with a smirk.
“I’m sure having half of them out of the country made it easier,” Nyx remarked as she took a sip of her rum. “Thanks for the tip. We fled the hotel not a moment too soon. After the week I had, dealing with her was the last thing I needed.”
“So, did you secure the key?” John asked. 
Nyx smiled, reached into her purse and pulled out Yuki’s key. “That replica Ulric had made even fooled its guardians. They have no idea it’s a fake.”
“Speaking of Ulric,” said John, his usual neutral expression shifting to a look of concern.  “How is he?”
“Last I heard, he wasn't yet dead,” Nyx explained. “Worst case scenario, Ultima becomes Council head. All Council operations will move to New York within the month.”
“Do you know the identity of the traitor?” John asked. 
“I have my suspicions,” Nyx replied with a troubled expression. “We need to restore order if we ever hope to succeed. It will mean eliminating the malcontents.”
Nyx nervously glanced over at Nana and Oduda. The two Ancients remained quiet as they sat watching her talk to her assistant. She was never one to be easily intimidated, having faced everything from bloodthirsty opponents to heartless corporate executives, but there was something about these women that unnerved her. 
“I trust you will make the right choice when the time comes,” John said, redirecting her attention back to the conversation.
“I hope so,” Nyx said uneasily before ending the call and closing her eyes for a long-deserved nap. 

XVI



August 21th, 2017


Pompeii, Italy

It was mid-morning when Marko finally awoke on a fluffy bed inside a strange room. The fresh summer air helped clear his head as he struggled to open his eyes. The sunlight shining through the large balcony window was so bright Marko was unable to focus and wondered if he was still dreaming. Marko’s head was throbbing, and his body was sore as he tried to move while inadvertently letting out a moan. 
 “Rise and shine, sleepyhead,” said a familiar voice. 
Unsure if this was even real, Marko shot up in his bed to see for himself. “Freya?” he asked, rubbing his sore eyes. 
Finally able to focus, Marko wondered if he was in heaven when he looked over to see Freya sitting by his side. “Please tell me I’m alive,” he said as tears of joy started to form in his eyes. 
Freya smiled. “More alive than you were twelve hours ago,” she replied. “I ain’t going to lie. You had me worried for a bit, hun.”
“What happened last night?” Marko asked, rubbing his forehead as he tried to remember. “How did you get here?”
“Remember Sean, the pilot? He owed me a favour and arranged a jet to fly us here,” Freya explained.
“We?” Marko questioned.
“Tempest,” replied Freya. “She’s the one who saved you. I was visiting her when I received the call from the boys saying it was time to open the letter. Sure enough, it was a recipe for the cure to the poison you ingested and instructions for Tempest to come here post haste.”
“The letter in your safe?” Marko asked, puzzled. “How did they know to open it?”
“You don’t know? The boys said the mysterious women from the attic called them,” Freya replied. “Adley said it was the Ancients.” 
“Nana and Oduda?” Marko said in shock. “I honestly thought that was some kind of elaborate prank,” he remarked, still stunned. 
“You know I’m not the type to believe in destiny and that junk, but this whole thing blew my mind.”
Marko gave her a questioning look. “Why? Because you happened to be with Tempest when they called? I guess that’s a coincidence.”
Freya shook her head. “No, it gets even stranger. Not only did the message tell me to bring Tempest, but it also contained a list of ingredients needed for your cure. Tempest said it was tricky to make, but she was familiar with it because her mom taught it to her when she was a youth. She called it powered down.”  
“I guess I owe them all thanks,” Marko said in shock. 
“All this would not have been possible if I was anywhere else when receiving the call,” Freya explained. “We travelled from Nova Scotia to New York and then here in under fifty hours.”
Having caught the last part of Freya’s narrative, Tempest entered to chime in. “I still can’t believe I’m here,” she said to Marko with a smile. “This is the furthest I’ve ever travelled in my life.”
“Thanks for saving me, again,” Marko said to his lifelong friend. 
“You’re welcome, as always,” Tempest replied. “It’s good to see you.”
Marko smiled. “You too. I can’t wait to go back home,” he sighed before remembering Freya’s family heirloom. “Wait, we have to get your dagger back.”
“No, we don’t have time for that,” Freya said urgently. “A lot has happened back home. Quinn just called to say that my journals are missing. They even took the book.”
A worried expression appeared on Marko’s face. “What? How?”
“It’s a long story,” Freya replied. “I’ll tell you on the flight back.”
“Adley and the others are packing next door,” Tempest explained. “I’m going to go see how they are doing. I’ll leave you two alone to catch up,” she added with a smirk before exiting.
“At least they can’t access the book’s secrets without the key,” Marko explained to his partner. “Is Yuki still here?”
“She’s next door too,” Freya replied. “We were talking, and we think it might be best if she returns to her home. She needs to get that key as far away from the books as possible.”
“Good idea,” Marko agreed. 
Freya looked at her partner with a sympathetic expression. “She told me about your mom, so I said we would visit them once we get the book back. Maybe we could bring the boys.”
Marko smiled. “I would like that.”
“We should hurry,” Freya said. “Adley showed me what the Ancients gave her. We need to get home before anyone else finds out.”
“What about Brook and Finn?” Marko asked. 
“I called Brook earlier this morning,” Freya replied. “They’re going to meet us near the airport in a few hours.”
With all the loose ends tied up, Marko leaned back in his bed and reached his hand out, signalling for Freya to join him. Freya smiled and climbed into bed, snuggling up next to him while resting her head on his shoulder. The two snuggled, enjoying each other's company in silence until Freya finally spoke up.
“Brook told me what happened with your brother,” she said, shifting her head so she could face him. “I’m sorry you had to go through this. I can’t believe he would betray you.”
Marko sighed as he squeezed Freya tighter. “I don’t think he intended to hurt me,” he explained. “I think he just trusted the wrong person. You were right about Diana. She was not who she appeared to be.”
Freya nodded in agreement. “There was just something about her story that didn’t add up,” she explained. “And there was no way they came to New York the year Diana said they did. I don’t know why she would lie about something like that, but it motivated me to dig deeper. I guess my hunch was right.”
A sad expression crossed Marko’s face. “She lied to a lot of people. Us, my brother, she even lied about what happened to Tempest’s father.”
“Brook told me,” Freya said regrettably. “We are going to wait until we’re together later to break the news to Tempest. I wonder what the Council plans to do to her?” 
Marko shrugged. “They said there is a bounty on her, so whatever it is, I hope it’s not pleasant.” He paused for a moment until something crossed his mind. “Do you know what happened to Nana and Oduda?”
“Not sure,” Freya replied. Her eyes were growing heavy as she relaxed in her lover’s arms. “Darya’s father doesn’t even know. They seemed to have vanished,” she mumbled as she let out a contented sigh.
For the first time in almost a month, Marko was feeling restored, exultant, and tranquil. Although they still had a long trip home and many more challenges awaiting them, none of it matter right now. Being away from Freya for so long made him realize the importance of enjoying the little things and taking time to appreciate each other's presence. 
“I’m sure they’ll pop up again exactly when we need them to,” Marko sighed as he pulled Freya in tight and closed his eyes. 
 




XVII

 

July 7th, 2017


Greenwich Village (7th Ave, New York, NY) – 0935 hrs


It was a bright and sunny morning in the congested Manhatten suburb. On the sidewalk of an occupied street, a bright flash of light proceeded the spontaneous appearance of three intangible figures unbeknownst to the pedestrians passing through them. 
Finn looked around in awe as soon as he and the two Ancients appeared. It felt surreal to go from Africa to his home neighbourhood in New York within seconds and experience the past in a time he was technically dead. 
“Are we like ghosts?” Finn asked, noticing that they were practically invisible to the others around them. 
“You are, in a sense,” Nana replied. “We presently exist in a different dimensional plane than these people. Oduda and I can shift in and out as we please, but you are stuck here. The only way you can exist here in this state is because nothing is tieing you to this plane at this current time.”
“Which house is yours?” Oduda asked Finn.
Finn pointed to the unit a few houses down and to the right. It was a townhouse with metal bars covering the windows on the main floor and basement. 
Nana examined the three-story house before turning back to Finn. “Which floor is usually the least occupied?” 
“Probably the top floor,” Finn replied after giving it some thought. It was the only floor that did not have a bedroom.
“When we go in, they won’t be able to hear and see you,” Nana warned. 
“If they can’t see or hear me, then why did you bring me?” Finn asked. 
“If you weren’t here, how else would I know which house and floor to transport us,” Oduda replied. 
“We need you here because, without you, none of this would be possible,” Nana explained before moving their mission along. “Are you ready?” 
Finn shook his head yes as Oduda’s eyes started to glow bright, and the three disappeared in another bright flash. 

ΟΟΟΟΟΟΟ

Markovich Residence

It was an abnormally quiet morning inside the crowded home. Recent losses left many of the inhabitants slumped in deep dejection. Brook remained confined to her room, mourning the death of her partner, while Tempest, Quinn, and Trenton remained sleeping in their beds. Freya was the only one on the lower level not sleeping as she sat in the basement trying to decode some digital files she took from the Omicron Incorporated headquarters.
With the destruction of Sanctuary the previous day, this was the first time everyone was under one roof. Deciding to take the top floor at their new living space, Ebony and Rowan were eager to start decorating their new home but had to get Flint out of the way first. 
As with every other room in the house, shades covered the windows of the third story leaving the room dark and gloomy. Having brought back a large stash of fresh cannabis from the Sanctuary destroyed the previous day, Flint had been up the whole night trimming. The youth was exhausted and becoming testy as he hurried to get everything cleaned, dried, and jarred before drawing too much attention from the other inhabitants. 
“Well, guys,” Flint started to say without taking his eyes off his work. “With Sanctuary gone, we’re going to have to rethink our production site.” 
The siblings did not respond as Flint continued talking more to himself than them. 
“If we move to indoor,” Flint continued, “we won’t be able to produce as much in the summer, but we can rebound in the winter. Not only will we make up for lost revenue, but we can also use this to increase our profit.”
As Flint continued to annoy the twins with his business banter, the other household inhabitants were getting a jump on their day. One person who had recently awoken was Felix, coming upstairs to check on his brother. 
“I can smell you from the basement,” Felix warned as he entered the room. 
“I’d be done by now if you hadn’t gone to bed so early,” Flint remarked as he passed over a handful of branches to Ebony to hang next to two large dehumidifiers. 
“Quinn is going to have a fit when she sees this,” Felix said, looking around at the mess of green leaves and stems. 
“Do you think we can get Breezy up here to help air out the smell a little?” Flint asked Ebony and Rowan, who responded with an eye roll. 
“You should do something about the smell,” Felix suggested. “Guarantee the neighbours smell it. They might call the cops.”
“I doubt it,” Flint scoffed. “Considering all the shit our neighbours had seen, heard, and smelled over the last ten years if they haven’t called on us yet, why would they start now?”
Before Felix could reply to his twin, everyone in the room was alerted by a bright flash followed by two figures appearing out of thin air. 
The entire group went into alert mode, thinking it was another attack by Omicron. Flint, being extremally overtired and on edge, threw the pruning sheers in his hand at one intruder. The large gem mounted on the wand in Oduda’s hand started to glow as Flint’s weapon went right through her and smashed into the nearby window blinds, breaking the blind and shattering the glass on impact. The young Ifrit immediately regretted his decision when the forms of the two Ancients fully emerged. 
Rowan unsheathed his knife, and Ebony reached for her bow. Getting a clear shot from across the room, Ebony managed to shoot one arrow that went through Nana and hit the other larger window, shattering the glass and ripping the shade. The fresh sunlight illuminated the room, revealing Oduda’s bright snowy and Nana’s dark sable wings.  
Before Rowan could reach the intruders, Nana’s eyes and gem on her crown started to glow, causing the brother and sister to stop suddenly. Flint and Felix watched in shock at the sight of their friends stopped mid-attack, like someone had pressed the pause button on them.
“We don’t want to hurt you,” Nana said calmly. 
Scared and angry at the sight of Ebony and Rowan, Flint took a defensive stance. “You won’t be able to get away with this. Our family will be up here any second,” he warned, knowing they must have heard the commotion by now.
“You are the only two that are not frozen in time right now,” Nana explained. 
It was at this point that Felix realized these females were too powerful to fight. He figured it was best to hear them out because they kept them unfrozen for a reason. 
“Who are you?” Felix demanded nervously. 
“I’m Nana, and this is Oduda,” Nana greeted. 
Flint crossed his arms skeptically. “Did Omicron send you?”
“No one sent us,” Nana replied calmly. “We’re here from the future to deliver a message that will help someone close to you.”
“Who?” Felix asked curiously. “Our mom?”
Flint laughed at his brother. “Unlikely. Probably Quinn. She always gets into these kinds of predicaments.”
“I’ve never seen or heard of kin like you before. What do you call yourselves?” Felix asked, amazed by the entities standing before him. “What are your abilities?”
“Many call us Ancients,” Oduda explained. “Nana here can manipulate time while I can create passages through space.”
“We have members of your clan helping us prevent a future catastrophe,” Nana explained as she held out the sealed letter. “We’ve come to deliver this letter with specific instructions you must follow, or else all our futures are doomed.”
“Who from our family is helping you?” Felix asked. 
“I cannot say,” Nana replied as Flint took the letter from her. “The less you know about the future, the better.”
“This seal is from mom’s dagger,” Flint showed his brother. 
“She must be the one helping them,” Felix concluded. 
After explaining the envelope, Flint turned back to the Ancients. “If you can’t tell us anything about the future or how my family met you, how do we know you're not lying? It could be a trick.”
“You are free to ask a question about the past that only your family would know,” Nana replied.
Flint looked at Felix and grinned before turning back to the Ancients. “What does our father cook every Friday?” 
Nana paused for a second and looked to her right before turning back to the boys with a grin. “Buttermilk pancakes.”
The boys looked surprised that she knew the answer, but it seemed to relax them a little. 
“Okay, we are starting to believe you,” Flint said. “So, when do we open this letter?” he asked, holding up the sealed envelope. 
“The next time you see us,” Nana replied. “When you do, you are to open the letter right away and follow the directions exactly how they are detailed.”
“No one is going to believe us when we tell them,” Flint said to his brother, holding up the letter. 
“You shouldn’t tell people about our visit or the letter,” warned Oduda.
“We can’t tell anyone?” asked Felix. 
“Well, you shouldn’t keep anything from your parents, but be discreet,” Nana clarified. “And make sure you put the letter in a safe place,” she added, making sure to emphasize the word enough to make sure the boys understood. 
“At least we can tell our parents,” Felix said, relieved. 
Flint laughed. “Like we would be able to hide this from our mom,” he remarked. 
“We should go,” said Oduda, singling their departure. 
“Until we meet again,” Nana said to the boys before disappearing in a flash of light. 
As soon as the two Ancients vanished, Ebony and Rowan continued their attack but stopped upon realizing that the intruders had left. 
“What happened?” Rowan asked the young boys. 
Holding the letter in hand, Flint and Felix did not have a chance to answer before the sound of footsteps racing up the stairs towards them. Quinn and Trenton charged into the room with their pyjamas still on. 
“I heard the windows smash. What’s going on?” Quinn demanded, looking around. Failing to see a threat, Quinn turned towards the twin boys scowling. “What happened up here?”
As Quinn was questioning the boys, Tempest also entered the room to see what was going on. She immediately noticed Rowan and Ebony holding their weapons, and seeing the expressions on their faces only confirmed her suspicion that something significant happened up here.
“Flint and I were fighting,” Felix lied. “We got a little carried away and broke the windows.”
Quinn glared at the children with crossed arms. “You boys are out of control! After everything we’ve been through, you don’t even have the decency to give us a few days of peace to mourn. Poor Brook is in her room besides herself. I know your permissive parents don’t care to put a stop to your illicit shenanigans,” she ranted while motioning to the cannabis-filled room, “but I’m not going to sit on the sidelines as you destroy our property inconsequentially.”
“It’s not that big of a deal,” Flint countered. “We’ll pay for the damages.”
“It’s probably for the best,” Tempest added as she examined the damaged window coverings and glass. “Freya and I were talking last night about upgrading your windows. It’s unhealthy for you to be living in the dark like this. You should start letting the sunlight in.”
“I can’t think of a better place to start than Ebony and Rowan’s new room,” Flint agreed, happy to see Tempest coming to their defence. “It will probably help make this place feel more like home.”
Quinn was outnumbered, with Tempest coming to the boy’s defence. Not having the emotional strength to argue, she let out a deep sigh in frustration and turned to her partner. “I can’t deal with this today,” she said before turning back to the boys. “All I’m asking is to just behave for a few days. But, please, show some respect.” Quinn stormed off with Trenton silently following behind.
As soon as the couple exited, Tempest waited a few seconds to make sure they were out of earshot before turning to the others. “What happened up here?” she asked her niece and nephew. 
Lost for words as to what precisely happened, Rowan and Ebony turned to the boys with questioning expressions. 
Three sets of eyes were on the boys as they struggled to think of an explanation for what Ebony and Rowan saw without giving too much away. Tempest had never seen the boys’ waiver, so the longer they took to respond, the deeper her suspicions grew.
 “I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Flint replied, resorting to denial. 
Tempest grinned, seeing right through the boy. “Who gave you that letter?” she asked, pointing to the letter in Flint’s hand. 
“They instructed us not to say,” Felix explained, not wanting to lie again. 
Following his brother’s lead, Flint decided to tell the truth. “They told us to put it somewhere safe,” he explained. 
Tempest turned to her niece and nephew and asked, “How many?”
“There were two of them,” Rowan replied. 
Tempest smiled at Flint and Felix. “You should go put that somewhere safe,” she suggested. 
Not needing to be told twice, the boys took off towards the lower extremities of the home. They passed the kitchen containing their father cooking pancakes and continued towards the basement, where Freya sat tinkering at her workstation. 
Freya looked up at the boys then turned back to her soldering. “What did you do to piss off my sister?” Freya asked, having heard Quinn’s muffled yelling from her location two floors down.  
“Mom, the strangest thing just happened,” Felix said as soon as they entered the basement.
Hearing the excitement in Felix’s voice caused Freya to look up curiously. 
“We were upstairs gardening when two female kin appeared out of nowhere and gave us this,” Flint said while holding up the letter. 
“What?” Freya asked, wondering if she misheard. “What do you mean by appeared out of nowhere?”
“There was this flash of light, and then they just appeared,” Flint explained, motioning with his hands for emphasis. 
“They said they were Ancient kin from the future here to help someone in our family,” Felix explained.
Flint handed the letter to his mother for examination. Noticing the pattern on the wax seal, Freya reached under her desk to open her safe. Retrieving her father’s dagger, she examined the design on the handle and noticed that it was an exact match. 
“Do you think it’s a fake?” Felix asked, noticing the expression on his mother’s face. 
“I doubt it,” Freya replied. “This dagger is the only one of its kind, and it’s been in my family for thousands of years. I can’t see anyone having the opportunity to copy this.”
“So, do you think one of us from the future used your dagger to seal that envelope?” Flint asked his mother. 
“It seems that way,” Freya said as she was about to open the envelope, but her sons quickly stopped her. 
“They said not to open it until the next time we see them,” Felix explained. “They instructed us to keep it in the safe.”
“I didn’t even know there were more than five types of kin,” Flint said, still in awe from what he witnessed. 
“I remember reading in my father’s journals about kin that can manipulate space and time,” Freya said as she reached into her safe to retrieve a large, thick book. She shifted through the book for a page that contained a ruff sketch of two kin looking similar to Nana and Oduda. The hair and clothes of the two women in the picture were slightly different, but they had items the boys recognize. One woman in the sketch wore a crown on her head, and the other was holding what appeared to be a wand. 
“That’s them!” Flint exclaimed, pointing to the picture. “They even had the same crown and sceptre as the picture.”
“If those two did show up, there is some deep predestined shit going on,” Freya said in disbelief. “We better follow their directions.”
“Does that mean someone from our family will involve themself in some event that will determine the future of our kind?” Flint wondered. “Like, why else would they bother to do this for one of us?”
“I wonder what they chose to come today of all days?” Felix wondered. “Do you think it has something to do with our run-in with Omicron yesterday?”
“Maybe,” Freya said, lost in thought. She had a deep look of concentration on her face before snapping out of it and turning back to the boys. “Was there anything else that they said to you?”
“They said we could tell our parents but asked to keep their appearance on the down-low,” Flint replied. “Ebony and Rowan saw them briefly, and I think Tempest knows something is up, but the rest of the house has no idea.”
Freya smiled. “Good, let's keep it that way,” she said as she placed the book, letter, and dagger back in her safe, curious when the time will finally come to utilize them. 
