


In Too Deep
Book 1: Others of Edenton


By Brandy L Rivers


Copyright 2013 Brandy L Rivers
Smashwords Edition
http://brandylrivers.com
Cover Design by Brandy L Rivers

All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, brands, media, and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction, which have been used without permission. The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners.
Also by Brandy L Rivers

Box Sets
Others of Edenton - Series Volume 1
Others of Edenton - Series Volume 2
Others of Edenton - Series Volume 3
Others of Seattle - Series Volume 1
Others of Seattle - Series Volume 2

Others of Edenton
New Beginnings
In Too Deep
Shadows Fall
Shadows of the Past
Falling Into Place
Fated Love
Breaking Free
Mending Scars
Labor of Love
Light in Darkness
Blissful Agony
Entangled Darkness
Deadly Design (Coming 10-24-16)
Untitled: Declan's story (Coming Summer 2017)

Others of Seattle
Nights Embrace
Storm Mistress
Accepting Fate
Red Queen
Seductive Solutions
Changing Destiny
Coming Together
Storm Wrath
Twisted Bonds (Coming Spring 2017)

Nights Embrace Spin Off
Summer Rhythm

Stand Alone Contemporary Romance
Heart on Fire
Falling Star
Sweet Tooth
Backburn (Coming 1-6-17)

Pine Barrens Pack Co-Written with Rebecca Brooke
Cursed Vengeance
Vengeance Unraveled (coming 2017)

To keep up with upcoming releases and news visit me at my
Website - Facebook - Twitter
Or join my newsletter or reading group Rivers' Shenanigans
Table of Contents


Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
About the Author
Reference Guide
Preview: Shadows Fall
Preview: Shadows of the Past

Dedication and Acknowledgements


To my loving husband, Alan, thank you for putting up with my insanity to get this book out of my head and onto my screen.
To my adorable munchkins, thank you for providing me with tons of extra writing time by keeping me up late at night.
To my mother who probably had to scrub her eyes after reading a few scenes: thank you for all of your love and support, your open mind and all of your advice.
To my sister in law, Christy, I appreciate the time you took to read a couple earlier versions of the book and all of the enthusiastic input and encouragement you gave me.
To Tony Duncan who shared his knowledge about motorcycles with me.
To Miranda Johnson, for helping me catch mistakes I missed even after going through the document a zillion times.
Chapter 1


The night was fitting. Cold and dark, just like her mood. She was finally leaving all the drama behind. Fallon had no clue where she was going but she had put an entire day's motorcycle ride between her and all of Isaac's shit.
Her phone vibrated in her pocket, but she was in no mood listen to Isaac beg her to come back. Because really, who else would it be? The prick had only called about twenty times, and she had already heard all the weak-ass excuses she could stand from the weretiger.
Between trying to ignore her phone and weaving a silencing spell, she didn't see the dark creature streak out of the woods. Not until it slammed into her Harley. She managed to roll away, wrapping herself in a protective spell while her bike skidded the opposite direction with sparks flying. Her back slammed into a tree, but her shield absorbed most of the impact.
She picked herself up and looked at her broken bike. Even in the dark, she could see how the frame and body had twisted and bent. Shit, she loved her bike more than she ever cared about Isaac. It didn't look like the best mechanic could put her girl back together.
With a sigh, she glanced over at the big heap of fur curled in on itself. It was too dark to see the creature clearly, but he looked and sounded an awful lot like an injured werewolf.
Perfect, more wereanimals.
Fallon knew she shouldn't get involved, but she couldn't leave the injured creature to fend for himself. This was her fault. If she hadn't silenced her bike and left the headlight on, he could have avoided her. She pulled off her helmet and tossed it and her backpack at her Harley before hurrying over to him.
He was in a half-man form. Only the most powerful wereanimals could do anything other than full beast. She couldn't help wondering what he was running from.
The werewolf rolled onto his back as she approached.
Goddess, he was huge. Laid out, he was close to eight feet tall. His fur was dark with lighter patches around his massive feet and clawed hands. The hair at his chest and abs was thinner, showing off layers on layers of muscle.
"You better not make me regret this," she warned as she knelt beside him to get a better look at his injuries. His shoulder was a wreck. It looked like someone, or something had tried to tear his throat out. His wrist was torn to shreds the way only an overzealous vampire can manage.
Well, this is just getting better and better.
His big icy blue eyes went wide. "Go, run?," He let out a pained howl. "Not safe." He tried to shoo her away, raising his injured arm to hold her back, but then his arm fell to the ground with a thud.
Shit. He was trying to send her away, which meant the vampires would likely come back for him. That made him an unwilling snack while making the vampires greedy assholes.
She couldn't walk away from anyone in need, especially not in his condition regardless of what was coming after him. Still, something stronger held her there, urging her to heal him. The feeling was instinctual and not one she wanted to fight.
"Please, just go," he panted, feebly trying to push her away.
Her eyes narrowed at him. "All you werewolves think you're the toughest shit out there. Just chill out and give me a minute."
He sucked in a breath as he stared at her.
With a little effort, she focused her energy and imagined a circle of protection, an invisible wall wrapped around them. She gently covered each of the bites with her hands and softly sang a healing spell.
Odd, his skin knit together way too fast under her touch. The wolf let out a ragged sigh, and then his breathing slowed as his body relaxed. "What are you?" he whispered as his big clawed hand came up to caress her face.
Fallon fought the impulse to lean into his touch, but couldn't fight her smile. "We can worry about that later. Now, this part is going to hurt like a bitch." She almost felt bad as she climbed onto his massive chest, and placed both hands on his damaged shoulder and arm. With as much strength as she could summon, she shoved. His arm snapped into place with a sound like a baseball bat hitting a cement wall.
He howled into the night and rolled onto his side as she scrambled out of his way.
"Shh, now. You're okay," she murmured as she settled beside him. Fallon covered as much of the massive joint as she could and sang a spell to ease some of the pain.
It must have worked, because his body went lax, his breathing slowed, and his fur started to recede. Then he started to snore softly which came as a surprise. There was no doubt in her mind that he would still need medical attention. She could close the wounds and dampen the pain, but she knew from experience that her healing wasn't much more than a bandage and some mild painkiller.
Watching a wereanimal change just creeped her out, so she stood and turned her back. Healing always chilled her hands but now they were like ice. She had to rub them together to get her circulation going.
Fallon stepped free from her shield and prepared herself. She could feel the dark menace of at least two Shadowstalkers, which were the most feared of the vampire breeds. They could manipulate shadows and were more adept at mind control than any other vampires. Their thirst for Other blood was like an addiction and they ignored the rules most vampires lived by.
She had to wonder why the hell they were after the werewolf.

* * * *

A breeze stirred Brody out of his slumber. The pain was gone, the burning gone, and he was buck-ass naked on the pavement. What the hell? Then he remembered crashing into her bike, the angel who healed his wounds and gave him peace he hadn't felt in years.
The vampires. Shit. Brody slammed back into awareness and bolted upright as he searched for her. He had been outside the bar getting ready to run when he was attacked by a male and female. He hoped he killed them because he didn't want them going after his savior.
His gaze locked on her. Angel? Make that fallen angel because her motorcycle leathers fit her like a second skin. Her long red hair blew in the wind and she looked wicked pissed as she glared into the tree line. He couldn't hear or smell anything out of place, but she sure as hell sensed something coming and she looked determined to tear whatever it was apart.
A raven haired vampire streaked out of the woods and ran straight for the woman with a blood curdling screech. Brody had twisted her head completely around. He couldn't figure out how the hell she was up and moving.
He roared and ran for the vampire, but slammed into a wall of nothing as he promptly slid to his knees. Desperate to stop the vampire, he threw all of his strength into beating his way through the barrier, and got nowhere.
The redhead didn't even spare him a glance. She just dropped to her knees and brought her hands up over head as a wall of earth rose around her to form a dome. The vampire ran straight into the earthen wall and fell back in convulsions as if struck by lightning.
Brody saw the crack in the wall the same time the vampire rolled to her hands and knees. She must have seen the weakness because she shot up from the ground and blurred straight for the crack.
Feeling useless, Brody shouted, "Watch out, she's going to bust through."
The dome shattered, but his angel was incredibly fast with a glowing blade, slicing straight through the vampire's neck, sending the head rolling his way. He couldn't figure out where the dagger had come from. There was no room to fit the blade under her leathers.
The severed head hit the invisible barrier with a wet thunk, and he glanced down to see smoke rising from the smoldering neck. When he looked up, the rest of the body disintegrated into ash, blowing away on the wind as the empty clothes fell to the ground.
Then he really looked at the redhead and his heart slammed against his ribs. Even covered in blood and ash, she was breathtaking. The light of the moon caught in her brilliant red hair when she tossed it over her shoulder. Her pale skin glowed and her vibrant green eyes sparked as her gaze locked with his.
She walked back to him and dragged her foot through her barrier, breaking the spell. "Sorry." Her voice was like honey and smoke. "Wasn't sure how long you'd be out, and I wanted to make sure you were safe." She glanced away, the corner of her mouth twitching up. Damn, he found her attractive.
"Are you all right?" he asked as he took a step toward her. Brody wasn't sure he would be, not after a motorcycle crash, and all the magic she threw around.
Before she could answer, her eyes darted back to the trees.
"You killed my Isabelle," a second vampire screeched, the sound getting closer. Then Brody caught a glimpse of the shadow streak out the woods, heading straight for her before Brody could move.
That was the same male from before. Brody had ripped the bastard's arms off, but now the limbs were reattached. His shirt sleeves were missing and blood covered his arms. The muscles jumped and twitched and his fingers spasmed. His head was still misshapen, but not as bad as Brody left him.
"You're next." The redhead smiled coldly as she spun out of reach. The vampire sailed straight through where she stood just a second before. He slammed into a tree with enough force to crack the trunk in half, and landed on his ass.
Brody's mouth fell open-the damned tree was a redwood in training.
She held her dagger to her thigh with one hand and brought her other up in a swirling flourish. A spark flashed to life in her palm, whirling and spiraling into a ball of dancing blue energy as the vampire sprang to his feet and charged at her.
She threw the spell which hit the vampire square in the chest like a fastball and knocked him to the ground. She gracefully ran to him and leapt onto his chest as she brought the blade toward the creature's heart like she assassinated vampires on a regular basis.
Stronger and faster still, the vampire screamed and caught her wrists, flipping her over so fast he couldn't be sure if the blade hit its mark.
Brody damn near blacked out from rage when he heard her slam into the pavement. The bastard had pinned her to the ground, and closed his mouth over her throat. Brody burst into motion without a single thought. A roar rumbled from deep in his chest as he barreled toward the vampire. He wrapped his hands around the creature's massive shoulders and ripped him off of her.
The vampire's body crumbled, blowing away on the wind as his coat and shirt deflated and his pants fell to the ground. He dropped the clothes and heard the blade clatter on the pavement. Stumbling back, Brody choked on the thick cloud of ash. He couldn't see a damned thing.

* * * *

Sheriff Hayden Hunter sat at the bar and took the last drink from his beer. Jess was at the end of the counter talking with one of the customers. The pint-sized werewolf tucked a loose lock of blond hair behind her ear and nodded to his empty bottle.
Before he could respond, she froze as her eyes drifted toward the hall behind Hayden. He looked back to find Clint rushing toward them.
Clint brushed a hand over his short brown hair and swung his green eyes back and forth between Hayden and Jess.
"What is it?" Hayden asked.
"I need to show you both something," he said, and motioned toward the door. Hayden's eyes narrowed as his brow cranked down. It had to be urgent if a werewolf enforcer was coming directly to the sheriff and the alpha's mate, instead of calling the alpha himself.
Jess came around the counter. "I think I know what's up," she whispered.
Hayden stood and gave Jess a sideways glance. They followed Clint as he started for the back door. The smell hit him the second they stepped outside. Copper and death. As an Earth Fae, his sense of smell was about as strong as the weres.
Jess paused and her nose wrinkled before she looked up at him with wide eyes.
Clint turned toward them. He rubbed his hands down his thighs and started talking a hundred miles an hour. "So, I was on my way home when I came out the door. I smelled this stench and followed it back to Adam's truck where Brody's clothes are. I don't know what the fuck happened but it looks like a slasher movie back there." He turned on his heel and hurried to the back corner of the parking lot
There was a lake of blood next to Adam's truck.
Hayden looked to Jess, who was ghostly pale. She blinked up at him with wide eyes. "I need to call Slater." Then she rushed back to the bar.
He was curious what she knew, but he turned back to the scene to look for clues. That much blood had to be vampire, but he scented two, not one. Brody had definitely been back there. His clothes were in the truck just like Clint said. It looked like Brody had planned to shift and run, which Brody did often enough.
Walking around the mess, Hayden took a closer look at where the parking lot gave way to the trees. There were traces of Brody's blood on some of the leaves, and his tracks were new, but not fresh. They disappeared into the woods like he tore out of there at a dead run. The vampire blood was still warm and couldn't be more than a few minutes old.
"Clint." Hayden turned toward the werewolf enforcer. He hoped the little shit would keep his mouth shut long enough for them to figure out what in the abyss was going on. "I need you to clean this mess up. I'm sure Slater will appreciate the help. No one wants to scare anyone in the bar. Especially not Brody's brother."
He hesitated. "Is Brody okay? What happened?"
With the way Brody ran off, Hayden assumed so. "I think he is, but I need to find him."
Brody was a good friend and Hayden wanted to find him before the vampires did. From what he could see, Brody incapacitated the vampires and ran, maybe to lure them away from the bar. He was probably heading for the alpha's and had a head start on the vampires.
Clint nodded. "Sure, cleaning up isn't a problem."
Hayden walked back inside and found Jess on the phone, pacing in her small office. She looked up, her eyes glittering with frustration. "She's not answering. Damn it."
"Who isn't?"
Jess stopped, turned and glared at him, but spoke into the phone. "Fallon, I know you're driving, but you need to answer the damned phone. Of course you won't, I know you won't. Shit." She hung up and shoved her phone in her pocket. "Look, go to my house. Brody and Fallon can fill you in there. I'm not totally sure what the hell happened, but they'll both be fine. Just go. Please."
Hayden resisted the urge to shake the answers out of her. The little woman was psychic, but she wasn't sharing what she saw. "You'll answer my questions there?" he asked gruffly, not real keen on wasting time.
"Of course I will, but I don't have them all. I just know it has to do with the Dales. You remember those bastard vampires who were snooping around a month ago?"
"The ones we scared off? The ones who haven't been back since I chopped a couple of them down?"
"The very same." She crossed her arms over her chest. "Look, I need to get over there, but I need to tell my staff first. I'll be home shortly. Do me a favor, make sure Clint cleans that mess up before someone else can stumble on it." Then she stormed past him.
Hayden walked out the back and to his SUV. He wanted to get to the bottom of this and fast.

* * * *

Damn, Fallon's head hurt as she blinked up at the stars pulsing like a thousand tiny strobe lights. Her throat was a mess. That werewolf didn't help when he ripped the vampire's fangs out of her. She gave him an A for effort, but instead of two punctures she was going to need stitches.
She sat up slowly, tracing the jagged tears in her skin and winced. That was exactly why she should have minded her own damned business. With a sigh, she wove a spell to stop the bleeding, but didn't have the energy to manage more.
Once her vision cleared, her gaze caught on washboard abs with a golden trail of hair she didn't dare follow down because she already wanted to lick him. She forced her eyes up over his sculpted chest and muscular arms to his face.
Wow, she thought, he was gorgeous everywhere. His smoky blue eyes were wide and glued to her, his brow wrinkled, and his full mouth was set in a frown. He stared at her the same way people watch a lethal accident, unable to pull his gaze away. She didn't blame him-but hello, she just saved his ass.
Her eyes narrowed on him. "You're welcome."
He blinked as one corner of his mouth lifted. "Uh, sorry. Are you okay?" He stepped closer and reached out to her.
"Yeah. Thanks." Ignoring his outstretched hand, she climbed to her hands and knees and found her dagger in the pile of clothes and ash. She whispered a word and the blade disappeared in a burst of light, making her vision swim as she felt it meld back into her skin.
"Any more vampires after you?" She sincerely hoped the answer was no. She was pretty sure she already had a concussion. Luckily, Fallon didn't sense any Others besides herself and the wolf, but she wasn't at a hundred percent.
"Don't believe so. Those were the only two I saw back at the bar."
She leaned forward on her hands and tried to breathe deep. The stench of burning vampire overwhelmed her, and nearly made her empty stomach heave. She hadn't eaten in hours, and healing always made her nauseous and hungry. The last thing she wanted to do was be sick in front of the sexy and very naked werewolf.
Thankfully it was dark because she really didn't need a better view of his masculine perfection.
Why the hell couldn't she get her mind off the werewolf?
He crouched down beside her and helped her back up to a sitting position. "Are you all right?"
Hell no. She nodded her head anyway. Besides, the werewolf didn't have a single damned injury. What the fuck? That couldn't have been all her. She barely managed to patch herself up. He had to be really high up in the pack structure to heal so fast. Nothing else made sense.
Fallon stood up and her vision went fuzzy. She closed her eyes a second, and gingerly touched the back of her head. There was a big knot, and it was tender.
She felt his eyes on her, and found him frowning as he took her in. Gritting her teeth, she glared back. She had a good reason to look like hell.
Wait, she reminded herself that she didn't care what the hell he thought.
"You have a phone?" His voice was deep, a little rough and growly with a southern drawl. Normally the cowboy thing would annoy her, but his voice felt like a caress.
Maybe she hit her head harder than she thought, because now that the vampires were out of the way, all she could think about was how tempting the big bad wolf was. That was stupid because she was done with men, especially big, sexy wereanimals.
"Yeah." She dug out her phone. He took it and his brow reached for his hairline as he looked at the display. He probably saw all the missed calls from Isaac, but she didn't think this wolf would know the weretiger she just left.
He dialed a number.
Wondering where exactly she was, she turned to take a look around. All Fallon remembered was that she was in Washington, and heading toward Idaho, because what the hell and Canada didn't seem all that appealing.
His annoyingly sexy voice pulled her out of her thoughts. "Hey, Slater, I need a pickup and some clothes. Bring the flatbed. I wrecked a motorcycle, and I need to help the owner." He paused briefly and frowned at her. "You should have Dakota come by to heal her, but I'm not sure what she is." His brow wrinkled as he studied her. "Not a mage, or witch, but definitely some kind of magic user. She saved my ass, we need to help her."
Slater? Why do I know that name? She shook her head and had to press her hands to her eyes until her the dizziness abated. Help? She didn't need help. She needed some food, a motel room, a shower and then some sleep, preferably in that order.
She stumbled toward her bike and stared down at it with a heavy sigh. Her motorcycle looked about as good as she felt, which was saying something because she felt like roadkill.
Fallon heard the werewolf describing their location. Something about what he said rang a bell.
His back was to her when she looked. She couldn't help noticing the tattoo of a wolf head on his shoulder-blade. The artist was good, maybe not as good as her, but definitely talented.
Then she noticed his tight, round ass and really wanted to take a bite.
He started to turn, and she dropped her gaze back to her bike. The world spun, so she closed her eyes, but her knees started to give. His warmth enveloped her as he wrapped his arm around her and pulled her against his big hard body. She was tempted to snuggle into him.
Oh, hell no.
Before she could protest, he let her go and stepped back, raising a single brow with one hand still on the phone. "Sitting would be better," he told her.
Her jaw clenched. Who does he think he is? My Dad?
He snorted. "Not you, Slater. This woman's stubborn. I think I'm making her nervous, but she's hurt. Probably concussion, maybe worse, but neither the vampires nor my wolf scared her-Yeah, see you soon."
He hung up and passed the phone to her. "Why aren't you healing yourself?"
Fallon shrugged, and winced at the pain in her throat. "Too wiped out."
"You didn't have a problem fixing me."
She folded her arms over her chest and glared at him. "You all heal so damn fast. I just patched up your obvious wounds and put your shoulder back in place. The rest was all you." And she may have used too much energy when trying to ease his pain. She could cast offensive magic all day long, but healing wiped her out. For some stupid reason, she didn't like the idea of the werewolf hurting. Not that she would ever admit it.
The werewolf shook his head and smeared his fingers in some of the blood on her jacket. Before he could reach her throat, she caught his wrist and held his hand back. "Oh, no you don't."
"Stubborn." His eyes narrowed to slits. "It's an easy fix. Even I know that."
Raising one eyebrow, she shook her head. "Sure the vampire blood would heal the wound but I'm not taking any chances. Their blood has mingled with Goddess knows what, and unlike you, I can get sick." Besides, there was a good chance some of the blood was his from when he was still a wolf and could possibly infect her. Being wereanything would screw with her magic.
The look of concern on his face made her uncomfortable. She turned her gaze back to her busted motorcycle.

* * * *

Brody just wanted to help the woman but she wasn't making it easy. Clearly she didn't want to act weak in front of him, but he could smell her pain. She needed to sit down and take it easy.
With a weary sigh, she glanced up at him. "Happen to know where a good shop is?"
Maybe he could help her. "Yeah. Actually, I own a shop. I specialize in rebuilding Harleys." He nodded toward the bike and turned to look at her. "I think I owe you for that."
Her laugh was harsh. "You had vampires after you. It's not your fault you didn't see me." She shrugged, a smirk playing on her lips. "Besides, I had the lights out and a silencing spell going."
His mouth fell open. "What? Why? It's pitch black out here?" Christ, was she trying to kill herself? His heart hammered in his chest.
She snorted. "Didn't want to be pulled over. Again." She casually reached out for the tree like she was going to lean against the trunk, but missed and nearly fell.
Once again, he caught her, wondering why the hell she couldn't just admit she was hurt and needed to rest. This time he sat her down on the side of the road.
"Please, just sit," he growled.
"Fine," she grumbled, but didn't argue. She crossed her legs Indian style and put her hands flat on the ground behind her
Brody sat down next to her, hoping she'd stay put. He wanted to make sure she was okay, but had a feeling she'd kick his ass for trying. That made him smile.
She sighed, and he looked over to find her staring out into the woods. She was absolutely stunning, had attitude up the wazoo, and brass balls the size of a semi. Plus, he'd never seen a sexier woman in his life.
When she finally met his gaze, she said, "Look, I don't have a lot of cash. I left in a hurry and couldn't carry much. Is there a cheap motel nearby?"
Brody slowly nodded. "I have a better idea." Her eyes flashed, but he put his hands up in surrender. "Just hear me out. Okay?"
"Talk." Her eyes narrowed, and she looked awfully dangerous just then, injured or not. Apparently she wasn't real trusting. Then again, she had a naked stranger sitting next to her. He wouldn't trust him either.
"I'm Brody Dean, and I'm pretty sure you're Fallon O'Shea. Jess Abrams was the last person to call you. You missed her call." He watched her mouth pop open, and her eyes widen. He was willing to bet Jess called to warn Fallon, and he wished she had warned him before he ever left the bar.
"Jess showed everyone in Edenton the magazine showing off all of your tattoos." Her cheeks turned a pretty shade of pink as she looked away. Maybe that magazine wasn't the best thing to bring up. Now, all he could think about was her perfect body and all her ink. Her entire back was covered with a waterfall scene, both arms had full sleeves, and she had several other individual pieces. The humming bird under her left breast was his favorite. Brody wanted to explore every inch of her, and for the first time in what seemed like forever, he felt desire.
"Of course she did," she muttered, bringing him back to reality.
"Anyway," Brody continued, "Jess is going to chew my ass for nearly getting you killed and wrecking your bike. I have an empty apartment above my garage, and it's yours as long as you want. My garage is not attached to the house. There's only one key, which you can have. At least until I fix your bike, which I will be fixing since I am the one who busted the hell out of it."
She shook her head and opened her mouth like she was going to argue, but headlights washed over them. Groaning, she covered her eyes and looked away. "Shit, that's bright."
He reached over, gently touching her shoulder.
"That your guy?" Her tone was resigned
"Yeah. He happens to be Jess' mate and the local alpha." Fallon didn't trust Brody, but she trusted Jess, so maybe between the three of them, they could talk her into staying in his apartment.
Brody looked up to see Slater hopping out of the truck. He scratched his neatly trimmed beard as he took in the scene. The alpha shook his head and walked over. He tossed some sweats and a t-shirt at Brody who hopped up to quickly dress.
Fallon stood up slowly, but Brody stayed close and kept an eye on her.
"Hey, I'm Slater. Let's get you back to my place where we can get you looked at."
"So, you're Jess' man?" Fallon smirked, one scarlet brow arched. "Figures she wouldn't mention that you're the pack alpha."
"She wasn't sure how you'd take that little tidbit. She told me about the mess with Isaac."
"Of course she did." She let out an amused laugh, and damn she was sexy. "As long as Jess is happy, you could be a demon and I'd be fine. But after the last man she was with, and the way she tears down every man I've ever dated, she probably didn't want to give me any ammo."
Slater grinned. "Probably not."
Fallon rubbed the back of her neck. "So, how long has Jess known I was heading this way?"
"She mentioned it was possibility a couple weeks ago. She's kept it pretty hush, said she didn't want to jinx the chance of her best friend moving up to Edenton."
"Right. And honestly, I wasn't consciously driving this way, but when I got to Seattle, I figured I-90 was a good place to turn east." A shiver wracked her body as she pinched the bridge of her nose. "Mind if I sit in the truck?"
Brody was pretty sure she was only on her feet through sheer force of will. He didn't wait for Slater's response, just scooped her up and carried her to the truck. He did his best to hide the smile at having her in his arms. It felt like she belonged there, which should have scared him.
"Sorry," he murmured into her hair. "You looked like you were going to fall. We'll get you to Slater's in just a minute. I promise."
She didn't open her eyes, just nodded as he opened the door.
He sat her on the bench inside the truck. Then he reluctantly released her before taking a step away. "Be right back." He shut the door. When she didn't bother looking at him, he turned to walk back to Slater.
Slater got the bike on the truck and gave him an unsettling look. "I know that look, Brody. I know that feeling."
Brody knew exactly what he was talking about. Slater reacted the same way when Jess came to town. But he couldn't be mating to Fallon. Could he?
He shook his head. "I nearly killed her when I slammed into her bike. She gets up and heals me like it was no big deal, shoves my shoulder into place and puts my wolf to sleep. Then she blew my mind with the spells she slung around. She was incredibly fast and obviously knows what she's doing because she killed both vampires."
Slater chuckled. "You're both in one piece."
Brody was surprised to hear his own growl. "I fucked up. I nearly ripped her throat out when I freaked out and yanked one of them off her. She already took care of him. I just didn't realize it until the bastard burst into ash. Damn it, I could have killed her." He wanted to punch something for hurting his woman.
His? Where the hell did that come from?
Slater rolled his gray eyes. "You didn't know she was going to be on the road, so just stop. For future reference, you don't tear a vampire away when their fangs are engaged. She won't hold it against you." He nodded toward the truck. "Come on. Let's get back to my place."
Chapter 2


Fallon slowly released the breath she was holding and shook her head. Brody had picked her up like it was no big deal and put her in the damned truck. Instead of pissing her off, it felt good to have someone worried about her for once.
So fucking stupid. She didn't need him, didn't need anyone. So she shouldn't feel so good in his arms. Goddess, she made herself sick sometimes.
Jess and her damned visions. They were best friends for years and though they hadn't seen each other in two, they talked on the phone every day. Fallon was willing to bet Jess had the next few months planned out for her.
Everything was just too convenient to be a coincidence. After all, Jess was the last person to call, Jess' friend was the one to crash into her motorcycle, and he just happened to have an available apartment. At least he could fix her bike, so there was a plus.
As long as Jess wasn't planning on setting Fallon up with Brody, she could deal. The last thing she needed was another man when she was so very done with men and all the bullshit that came with them. She wasn't lying about her track record. Her relationships always went to hell, and she had just left the latest episode that morning.
A country song came on the radio, making her cringe. With a groan she flicked the radio off and laid her head back on the seat. Her eyes wouldn't stay open, and she was tired of trying to fight her exhaustion. She gave in and drifted away.
"Fallon, wake up, sugar." Brody's voice was just a breath above a whisper. His large and gentle fingers caressed the curve of her cheek. "Can't sleep if you have a concussion." Her eyes fluttered open and his big smoky blue eyes sucked her in. Her breath caught and he murmured, "Not yet anyway."
Oh wow. His voice was just a low rumbling purr that turned her on, even though her heartbeat was drumming through her skull.
Dazed, she shook her head and instantly regretted the movement. Her hand came up to hold her skull together. "Goddess, my head." He cupped her cheek with a tender touch. The pain started to melt away as she leaned into him until she realized what she was doing and yanked back with a wince. Her head started throbbing again.
Shit, she shouldn't feel so much better from a simple touch. "Sorry," she whispered.
"No, I'm sorry." His eyes dropped to her throat, concern drawing his brow down as he traced the jagged wound with a tender touch. "This is my fault."
Embarrassed, she glanced away, her tone gruff. "You weren't aiming at my bike, and I already told you how easy it would be not to see me."
Slater laughed a big boisterous sound. "Oh, do tell how Brody managed to plough right into your motorcycle, and I'll even promise to forget in time for Jess to show up."
Brody's eyes narrowed at her, sending a shiver down her spine. A growl edged into his tone. "She was riding with the lights out and a spell to keep the noise down."
Slater gave her an appraising look. "Now I know why Jess called in a panic. She knew you just left the bar, Brody." He pulled into a driveway that wound back into the woods. "She was worried about both of you."
Fallon groaned. "She really doesn't need to know about the light and the spell if she doesn't already." Of course, Jess probably saw it in a vision. She did call just before the accident. Now she sort of wished she had answered her phone. Maybe she could have avoided the whole wreck.
Her phone had rung all day, but by the first time she stopped for gas, she had five missed calls from Isaac and assumed the rest were from him. It might be a good idea to make sure Jess wasn't the only important call. She dug her phone out and checked with a sigh. Except for the last, Isaac was the only caller.
She played back her messages and deleted all fifteen. By the last message, he was screaming and she hit delete as soon as she heard his voice.
They had been such a good friends. Why did she have to go and ruin by falling into bed with him? That one night turned into two years of pretending they had more than just sex between them. In no time, their friendship had deteriorated. Of course, Jess had warned her.
Brody was tense by the time she shoved her phone in a pocket, and Slater didn't seem too happy either. Of course the wolves heard it all-they have ridiculously sensitive hearing. To their credit, they kept their mouths shut.
It wasn't like it was any of their business anyway. The vampire problem seemed like the much bigger issue than her screwed up love life.
Besides, she didn't believe in love.
The truck came to a stop and both men climbed out. Fallon scooted to the edge of the seat, but Brody picked her up and set her on the ground. He gave her a sheepish grin and whispered, "You can lean on me if you need to."
She stepped away from with him with an icy stare. "I'm not fragile and I'm not going to break."
He held his hands up in apology, but his eyes sparkled. "Yeah, I saw the way you handled yourself. I wouldn't dream of calling you fragile. I only want to help. Now come on."
Ooh, she could smack him. She didn't need his help.
Slater stood on the porch of a large wood cabin with her backpack slung over his shoulder. He chuckled as his eyes bounced back and forth between them. "Come on inside. A friend of mine should be here anytime now. Dakota is a shaman and a healer. He'll take care of you."
Fallon didn't want the help, but she didn't have a lot of options. She had a feeling the werewolves would insist. Jess would be there any minute and go all mother hen on her. Too tired to argue, she followed them inside.
They stepped into a large room of knotty pine where an old worn area rug covered most of the floor. There was a fire in the stone hearth, and beige leather couches and chairs throughout with strategically placed wood sculpture end tables.
"Look," Fallon stopped just inside the door with her hands on her hips, "I'm sure Jess will let me stay with her until my bike is ready, and she'll probably let me work at the bar to make some money to pay for the repairs." A wave of dizziness hit her, and she attempted to look casual as she leaned against the wall.
Both men rushed to make sure she was all right.
"Just chill, Goddess, I swear this is the problem with all you shifters. You all worry too damned much about us poor humans."

* * * *

Jess drove like a bat out of hell. Snippets of vision had plagued her for the last month. Blood pooled around Adam's truck, Fallon kneeling on Brody's massive and furry chest, Brody naked with Fallon limp in his arms.
She knew Brody was fine, and Fallon would be. Someone needed to talk some sense into the bullheaded woman before she could bail. That's where Jess came in, but she had to play this just right.
Being psychic sucked. You never knew when your visions would happen. Of course no one wanted to know the future. Probably because she mostly saw bad stuff and nobody likes to hear about the wrong decisions they were making. No one hated Jess' visions more than Fallon.
Right now, Fallon was running from what she wanted to forget, and was probably looking for any excuse to keep going. Jess just needed a week and Fallon would see that she belonged in Edenton.
Hell, Jess spent the last few weeks setting everything up. Fallon was the best tattoo artist Jess had ever met. So when one of Adam's artists left Inktastic, she talked him into holding the position open for Fallon. She helped Brody get his empty apartment ready for a tenant a few weeks before even though she knew he wasn't ready to rent the space out. All he needed was one look at Fallon and he would change his mind
Fallon had been thinking about leaving San Francisco for over a year, but something always held her back. She finally reached her breaking point and left for good. So really, Edenton was perfect. Everything Fallon needed was here, as long as she didn't talk herself out of staying.
Jess pulled into the driveway, and tried to clear her head as she hopped out of her truck. One word about visions and Fallon would bolt.
She could hear Fallon's exasperation through the door. "Just chill, Goddess, I swear this is the problem with all you shifters. You all worry too damned much about us poor humans."
Taking a deep breath, Jess pushed open the door. "Now, Fallon, these gentlemen are just worried about you."
Fallon stood against the wall just inside the door with fire in her eyes as Brody and Slater crowded into her space. Jess knew they only wanted to help, but Fallon was too damned independent to let anyone. She was barely on her feet, covered in blood and ash, and had two raw tears in her throat.
Jess froze. Her visions hadn't prepared her for the reality. "Please, for the love of God, tell me that isn't all your blood."
Fallon snorted indignantly. "Little of mine, but mostly vampire, and some of Brody's." Her emerald eyes darted to Brody, then back to Jess, pleading for help.
Jess had every intention of helping, just not the way Fallon wanted. She grabbed Fallon's arm and dragged her to a chair. "No one's worried about a little blood on the cushions. Now sit your ass down before you fall over."
Fallon jerked her arm away and clenched her jaw. Jess shoved her and she fell into the chair.
Before she could argue, Jess crossed her arms over her chest and tapped her foot. "Slater needs to know what the fuck happened out on the road. And I want to know what that two-faced, lying, piece of shit, Isaac did to make you leave everything without a moment's notice."
Slumping into the chair, Fallon sighed. "Do we have to get into that mess tonight? I don't want to talk about Isaac." She laid her head back and closed her eyes. "Just let it go until tomorrow."
"Fine," Jess agreed with a smirk. "You can stay at Brody's, and tomorrow he can bring you to breakfast so you can tell me what happened this morning."
Fallon sat up straight and practically begged. "Can't I just crash at your place?" She glanced up at Brody, then right back at her with wide eyes.
Nope, Fallon was going to Brody's, even if Jess had to tie her up and drag her.
Jess put her hands behind her back and shrugged innocently. "Remember, I live here. And we're loud." she waggled her brows in Slater's direction.
"Gross." Fallon shook her head. "But fine. I'm too tired to argue."
That was too damn easy, and Jess had to hide her shock. Fallon never gave up without a fight. Maybe this wouldn't be so impossible to pull off.
Brody relaxed and looked away with a sheepish smile. Jess knew Brody was perfect for Fallon. Hopefully Fallon would figure out just how much she needed a good man like Brody.
Fallon took a deep breath and looked in Slater's direction. "Can we just get this over with? I could use some food and sleep just about any time now."
Slater took another look at Fallon. "Why don't you go take a shower so we can see how much of that mess is yours?" He nodded to Jess. "Jess will fix you some food. Then we can try to figure out what the hell happened tonight." He shot Jess a steely look.
Jess pouted. She already promised to drop it, and she knew better than to push her luck with Fallon.
"Thanks," Fallon muttered and looked down at herself. She took a shaky breath. "Right. I won't be long."

* * * *

Lord, that woman was stubborn. Brody watched as Fallon limped to the bathroom after scooping up her bag.
She was hurting and he wanted to help. He couldn't sit still, so he started to pace, combing his fingers through his hair. "Does she even realize she's having trouble walking?"
Jess snorted. "Doubtful. Fallon is tougher than any old wolf I've ever met." She patted Brody's arm as she walked past. "Are you hungry?"
After the night he had, he probably should be, but he really wasn't. Fallon healed him and left him feeling-whole in more ways than one. He shook his head. "No. But thank you. Just make sure she has something to eat." He glanced toward the bathroom door again.
She nodded. "Try not to worry about her. She'll be right out." Jess walked back to the kitchen.
"You okay?" Slater asked quietly.
"Would you stop looking at me like I'm some horribly interesting zoo exhibit?"
The corners of Slater's mouth twitched. "I'm just glad to see you interested in something or someone again."
"Just stop. She's awfully irritated with me. She'd obviously rather stay anywhere but at my place." Brody clenched his hands into fists and shoved them in his pockets with a dark scowl.
"She's had a shitty day and she's hurting right now. Can you blame her for being irritated?" Slater stepped in front of him, looking Brody right in the eye. "But something tells me she doesn't blame you. Hell, she could have left your ass out there to fend for yourself."
Jess came back out with a steaming bowl of stew and a plate of hot bread. She set them on the end table closest to the fire.
"Fallon hates when I meddle, and I am, but only a little." She lifted one shoulder in a shrug and dropped her head. "She knows me well, and probably thinks I'm planning her whole life and that pisses her off." Jess looked up, meeting his gaze. "She's not mad at you, Brody. She doesn't trust easy, but she'll come around. You have nothing to worry about."
That brought him a little comfort. If Jess said he didn't have anything to worry about, he didn't.
"Why don't you sit down and relax." Jess tried softly, but he shook his head and started to pace again. He couldn't sit when Fallon might need his help. He had this irrational need to do something, anything for her.
There was a soft knock on the door, and Brody knew Dakota was there to heal her. He hopped over the couch to open the door, thankful someone was finally there to help her out.
The wind blew Dakota's long black hair across his face. "Hey," the shaman said.
Hayden stood just under the porch light with his bulging arms crossed over his massive chest and one dark brow arched.
"Hi, come in." Brody took a step back.
Dakota just stood there, staring at Brody with a creased brow. Hayden stepped past Brody and moved to the corner of the room where he could see everything. Brody was a big guy, but Hayden was huge.
Dakota shook his head and finally stepped inside, closing the door behind him. He turned to Slater. "I thought I came to heal someone."
"You did, she's taking a shower." Jess answered.
"She?" Dakota titled his head, his brow pinching. "Who's hurt?"
Jess gave Dakota a smile. "Fallon. She'll be out in a few minutes. And no matter what she says, please just heal her."
He moved to stand next to the fire with long graceful strides. "She doesn't want help?"
Jess sighed. "Hard to say. She seems to be accepting things so far, but she's funny about letting anyone help her. I'm sort of surprised she's playing along so far."
Playing along? That was playing along? Fallon's glare nearly flayed him alive when he offered help. If she tried to turn down Dakota after everything she did for him, he'd sit on her until the shaman could heal her.
"Okay. I'll do what I can." Dakota answered.
Hayden's dark eyes narrowed on Brody as he pushed his hair out of his face. There was suspicious, and then there was Hayden. He was always paranoid around new people, and Fallon was probably going to give the guy an ulcer because she didn't fit in any box.
The sheriff gave Brody an appraising look. "I'm interested to know why your blood is behind In 2 Deep when you don't appear to be injured. What happened?"
Brody sighed, and leaned against the wall next to the bathroom door, just in time for it to open.
He forgot all about everyone else in the room. Fallon stepped out and her gaze locked on his. She was radiant, her skin glowing, and her wet hair hung down her back to expose her high cheekbones and regal nose. Her emerald green eyes sparkled with an inner light, and her pink mouth was full and pouty. The black tank and yoga pants hugged her tightly toned curves. His gaze caught on the beautiful wolf painted on her arm as she reached up to rub the back of her neck.

* * * *

Fallon stood in the shower, trying not to look at the blood and ash swirling through the water at her feet. She had to shampoo twice just to get her hair clean. Between her dizzy spells and an ankle that didn't want to hold her weight, she was having trouble staying upright and had to lean against the wall.
The night she killed the one vampire she ever got involved with played through her head. He'd been driving her wild, his mouth between her thighs when he took a detour to bite her, ignoring her no-snacking rule. There was no thought when she felt his fangs pierce skin, she took her blade and pierced his heart.
Her stomach heaved and she was glad she had nothing in her belly. Fallon shut off the water, and dried herself. She dressed in comfortable clothes, hoping to sleep soon.
Brody was right there when she opened the door, leaning against the wall. His smoky blue eyes locked on hers and he seemed to relax. She wondered if he stood there the whole time, waiting for her to need help. Yeah, like she would ever admit she needed help.
His fingers twitched, like maybe he wanted to reach for her, but he shoved his hands in his pockets before pushing himself off the wall. "You okay?" he asked, and just his voice soothed her.
She looked away. "I feel a little better."
When she looked up, she spotted a tall Native American with long, silky black hair, in jeans and a dark red t-shirt. He stood in front of the fire and openly stared at her with wide eyes and his head cocked to the side like he had no clue what he was looking at. She was used to that look.
Fallon looked around until she came to the largest man. He stood in the corner but seemed to take up half the room. His chocolate brown eyes were full of suspicion, and his brow was drawn down as he watched her. His feet were apart, shoulders squared, and his hands were loose at his sides but ready for a challenge. Unfortunately, she was used to that look too.
Brody nodded toward an empty chair by the fire. "Why don't you sit down?" There was a plate with a bowl of Jess' stew and fresh bread on the side table. Mmm, her mouth watered. She missed Jess' stew.
With a sigh she sat down, but only because she was exhausted, and most certainly not because he asked her to.
Slater spoke up. "Fallon, this is Dakota." He motioned to the Native American. "He's the shaman who wants to help with your injuries. And this is Sheriff Hunter. You can ignore his dark scowl. He's naturally suspicious."
Fallon gave a small wave and muttered, "Hi." She hated being the center of attention, and did her best to ignore everyone as she picked up the soup and dunked her bread.
Dakota spoke up. "Hi, Fallon. Where are you hurt?"
"My head, probably a concussion." She pulled her hair over her good shoulder to display her throat, and glanced over at Brody. "An overenthusiastic wolf meant well, but tore the vampire's fangs out of me." Shrugging, she shoved a bite of bread in her mouth before looking back at Dakota.
"And you're limping." Brody gestured at her ankle.
She swallowed hard and glared at him. "Sorry, the drum line in my head drew all my attention."
"Fallon is resilient, high pain threshold. I'm sure there's more." Jess gave her a sharp look, challenging her to argue. "Don't get snippy either, Fallon. You know I'm right, but if I was that worried, I would have dragged you out here naked to make sure you weren't hurt worse."
And Fallon knew she would. Last time she was hurt helping a wolf, Jess dragged her back to the Alpha's, made her take a shower, and then wait naked until one of their mage friends could come heal her. She found out real fast that arguing with werewolves while she had a concussion was a stupid move. They nearly crushed her when three of them sat on her to keep her from leaving.
She snorted and soaked up more stew with her bread. "Yeah, I remember the last time I argued with a room full of werewolves and how well that went."
Jess sighed. "You needed the help then, too."
Yeah, she did. No argument there.
Brody's eyes danced in amusement.
Dakota walked over and knelt in front of her. "Ready?" She nodded and set her food aside. Then he traced the wound at her throat and started chanting. His hands grew almost uncomfortably hot as she felt her skin weave together.
He cupped the back of her head, and it felt like shards of glass cutting through her skull. Her vision swam and her eyes screwed shut until the pain faded into nothing a few seconds later.
Dakota wasted no time in taking her ankle and slowly rotating her foot.
"Ow, fuck. That hurts." She tried to jerk away, but he held her tight. How the hell had she missed that?
"He'll fix it," Brody murmured, the deep rumble of his voice soothing almost as much as the shaman's magic. She swallowed hard and looked into Brody's eyes.
She barely heard Dakota. "Almost done." His fingers drew symbols on her ankle as he started to chant again. Brody held her gaze as the pain melted into a dull ache.
Dakota set her foot down and she blinked, breaking the connection to Brody. She looked down at Dakota.
"Thank you." She offered a weak smile.
"No problem." He smiled pleasantly and moved to the loveseat.

* * * *

Brody badly wanted to punch Dakota for touching Fallon as much as he had, but he knew his friend wasn't making a play at her. Christ, what the hell is wrong with me. He wasn't the jealous type. Besides, she wasn't interested in any of them.
Hayden's dark eyes bored into Brody. "Clint found the mess by Adam's truck and took care of it before your brother saw anything. Can you tell me what happened, starting when you left the bar?" Hayden was a good friend, but he could be a real dick when he was working a case. This wasn't the first time he'd been questioned like this.
Brody hadn't even considered what his brother might have thought if he found that mess. He was glad Adam didn't see it.
"Yeah. I left so I could run. I was stripping down when a woman tackled me by Adam's truck. I didn't realize she was a vampire until I saw her fangs when she bit me. I nearly wrenched her head off. She went down and I assumed she was dead. Other than Victoria, who never causes a problem, I've never dealt with another vampire."
He ran a hand through his hair. "A male vampire came at me before I could figure out what I should do. He was a hell of a lot faster than I expected, and dislocated my shoulder. I tore his arms off his body, and slammed his head into the pavement until his skull cracked open. I figured if I saw brains he was dead. I wasn't sure what else to do, so I ran for Slater's." He shrugged. "I know we had a problem with the Dales scouting a month ago, but I thought it was over."
Brody would never forget the two scouting vampires stalking around town. At first everyone thought they were just checking Edenton out but they never approached anyone. Then they were prowling around his shop late one night. Hayden had stopped by to visit and saw the way the vampires were lurking. He whipped a giant glowing battle-axe out of nowhere and cleaved the vampires in half. No one had heard from the Dales since.
"We all thought they lost interest." Slater scrubbed a hand through his beard. "We should have kept patrolling."
Jess shook her head and looked down at the ground. "I didn't have any visions to make me think they were coming back. I told him they had probably moved on."
"Don't blame yourself, Jess." Slater sat down beside her, wrapped his arm around her and pulled her close.
"And then what, Brody?" Hayden prompted.
Brody narrowed his eyes at him. "And I ran. I bolted into the street and slammed right into Fallon's motorcycle. She healed me and took care of the vampires when they caught up."
"How the hell did you run into a motorcycle?" Hayden asked incredulously.
Jess snorted. "I'm betting Fallon was driving with her headlight out and a sound-dampening spell running, trying to avoid a ticket."
Well, at least Brody wasn't the one to tell Jess.
Hayden's eyes went wide as his gaze swung to Fallon. "You can do that?"
"I'm a druid. There are a lot of things I can do." She raised a single eyebrow at the sheriff and drank the rest of her stew straight from her bowl. Brody loved the way she stared Hayden down when most people would cower.
Dakota's brow inched up in surprise. "You healed Brody, but you couldn't heal yourself?"
"I have a better question," Fallon interjected. "Why didn't his vampire bites heal before he got to me?"
Everyone looked at Brody. He shrugged. "Their fangs were coated in silver." Wereanimals healed silver damage as slow as humans heal. Normal injuries healed in minutes, and things like breaks and dislocations would heal badly without some help.
"What?" Dakota asked in surprise.
Fallon stared at Brody. "Impossible. I can't heal silver damage. I just closed your wounds and relieved a little pain. The rest was all you. You saw what I managed to do for myself. I stopped the bleeding, that was all. I'm not a healer. You're wrong."
"Trust me. Their fangs were coated in silver." Brody insisted, her eyes sparked, and he raised a single brow. "Nothing burns like silver. That was all you. Why do you think I was so surprised when you didn't heal yourself?"
Her brow knit together and her mouth turned down in a frown as she turned to Dakota. "I don't know what to tell you. Healing him was a fluke. I have never been able to heal silver damage, and I'm sure I couldn't do it again."
"Hmm." Dakota shrugged and offered her a weak smile before giving Brody a meaningful look.
He had no clue what Dakota was thinking, and he was more concerned with Fallon. Brody watched as she twisted her hair into a knot and gave him wary look. He wanted to know what was going through her head.
Hayden cleared his throat. "Okay, so you healed Brody, fluke or not. Then what?"
Fallon rolled her eyes, and looked at Hayden. "I set a circle of protection around us. Then I healed Brody. He was unconscious and shifting back, and I figured whoever bit him was coming for him. Why else would he be running like that? Not real keen on watching him shift, I left him there and waited for the vampires. The woman streaked out. I cut her head off?"
"With what?" Hayden barked.
With a heavy sigh, she moved her hand to her other forearm and pulled a glowing dagger out of thin air.
Holy shit. That explained where the blade came from.
"It's a mana-blade and tattooed into my skin." She explained. "It cuts through damn near anything. Will burn a vampire from the inside out. Damages weres a lot like silver does. Mages can't heal the wounds." She ran a finger over the blade. "Really, the blade is great against pretty much any Other and no one can take it from me."
"Why in the Abyss would you have a magical blade?"
Brody knew he glared at Hayden, but didn't even try to stop himself.
"Protection. I've been around a lot of Others all my life, some real nasty ones. Why not have an all-purpose weapon that's always on me?" She whispered a strange word, and the blade disappeared in a flash.
Hayden shook his head, his chest heaving. Brody wasn't about to let him accuse Fallon when she did nothing wrong.
"Look, Hayden," Brody stood up and put himself between the sheriff and Fallon, "she saved my ass tonight. She only took down the vampires when they attacked her. Cut her some slack. I've seen the axe you wield. It's the same damned thing."
Hayden grudgingly apologized. "Sorry. Continue."
"Right," she muttered. "Brody came to, I broke the circle, and the other vampire came. I knocked him on his ass with a spell and stabbed him, and Brody helped." One corner of her mouth turned up when she nodded toward him, but she avoided his gaze. "He called Slater, and now we're here. Anything else?"
"Why do you know about vampires?" Hayden asked.
She closed her eyes, and took a deep breath, like maybe she was counting to ten. Her eyes opened and she explained, "I've met plenty over the years. I've killed a few. In fact, I've dealt with the Dales before, and you can ask Jess all about that. Personally, I don't want to go there."
Jess stood, crossing her arms over her chest, challenging Hayden. "She's on our side. Fallon is the only reason I got away from the Dales ten years ago."
Hayden frowned and looked back at Fallon. "You healed a stranger and protected him. Why?"
Fallon gave Brody a crooked grin. "He tried to send me away from danger. Bad guys don't usually send an innocent to safety when they're in trouble. And he obviously didn't volunteer to be their snack."
Brody smiled back at her, and she glanced away, her cheeks coloring. Fallon didn't seem like one to blush much.

* * * *

Fallon didn't even know what to think as she sat back in the chair. She couldn't believe she had healed a silver inflicted injury for a werewolf. That was the most ridiculous thing she had ever heard. Then there was the sheriff who was seriously aggravating with the way he treated her like a suspect.
Whatever, didn't matter. She may not be hurting now, but she was still too exhausted to worry about some asshole cop with a God complex.
Slater sat forward. "Jess says you aren't going back to San Francisco."
Oh great, now what did Jess have planned?
"Yeah, I left there for good." Fallon narrowed her eyes at Jess.
"Don't worry. I already agreed to let it slide until tomorrow." Jess flopped back in her seat and crossed her arms.
"Fine."
Slater changed the subject. "There's a tattoo shop in town, looking for talent. I hear you're the best at what you do."
Hayden's eyes cut to her. "What do you do?"
Was he stupid? She held up a colorful arm. "I'm a tattoo artist. Surely that's not a crime."
Hayden's lips twitched like he might smile. She rolled her eyes and turned away.
Brody caught her attention. "My brother runs the shop. He's a good guy. Dakota's brother works there too."
Jess sat forward, her expression brightening. Fallon knew her old friend was up to something. "The pack could use someone to ward their wolves, just like you did in San Francisco."
Fallon snorted. "Let me guess, they're expecting me tomorrow?"
Jess nodded slightly. "Or at least soon. I just knew you'd get yourself stuck out here with no real plan." Her pale blue eyes twinkled. "Can you blame me for wanting to make sure you had a good reason to stick around?"
Well, Jess had a point. What else was she going to do? Her motorcycle was out of commission and she was stranded. At least she had a place to stay, a job opportunity and her best friend nearby.
"Okay, I'll check the shop out tomorrow." Fallon let out a big yawn. "How far away is this apartment?"
"You're not going to argue?" Jess clapped her hands together with a grin.
She felt Brody's eyes on her, even as she responded to Jess. "Would it do any good?"
"Nope. Now get going." Jess winked.
Brody stood up. She watched him head into the bathroom and come back with her backpack.
"I can give you a ride, but then I need to get back to check the scene." Hayden said, sounding more subdued. When she looked over, she found the sheriff had relaxed and was lounging against the wall.
"Brody's place is on my way." Dakota nodded toward the door. "Why don't I give you two a ride?"
"Thank you." Fallon stood up and Jess did too. She gave her friend a hug and then followed the shaman out the door because she didn't have the patience to deal with a nosy cop.
Chapter 3


Brody hurried past Fallon and opened the front passenger door for her. She moved right past him, and he watched as she climbed into the backseat of Dakota's Explorer. Fallon curled her legs under her, twisted her body and laid her head on her arms on the back of the seat.
He couldn't figure out why she wouldn't sit in the front. He looked across the top of the SUV and Dakota shrugged with a smirk. Brody glared back before they climbed into the car.
He didn't like how she was sitting. What if they were in an accident? Hell, if the woman could roll away from a motorcycle crash and get up like nothing was wrong, she could definitely survive a car wreck.
Then again, Brody shouldn't worry about that. Dakota drove like his ultra-safe grandma. In fact, Dakota started the car and even turned his blinker on to turn around in Slater's driveway.
Brody leaned between the seats and set her bag down next to her.
"Thanks." She yawned and closed her eyes.
Frowning, he was tempted to ask why she didn't sit up front, but let it go. He turned forward and stared out the windshield. Dakota gave him a curious look but kept his mouth shut as he pulled onto the road and headed toward home.
It was too quiet. Brody looked over at Dakota. "How's Jolene?"
"She's going stir crazy. At least her due date is next week, so this is her last day of bed rest. She'll be at the bar tomorrow evening but won't play pool." He smiled warmly. "She says her belly will be in the way."
"Good. We don't have as much fun without you both."
Dakota cleared his throat. "I heard you were stressing earlier tonight, couldn't sit still, getting restless." Dakota glanced back at Fallon. Brody looked too and wondered if she was already asleep. Dakota grinned back at him. "Bring her along."
"It's not like that." But Brody wished it were. He looked out the window. "I nearly got her killed tonight."
"Mmhmm." Dakota side-eyed him. "But she's going to be your neighbor. So, why not?"

* * * *

Fallon fought back a smile. Brody totally sounded disappointed it wasn't like that. She really shouldn't be thrilled but she was ecstatic. She didn't want him, and she'd keep telling herself that until she believed it.
Desperate to get her mind off him, she held still and let the guys think she was asleep.
Then he had to open his mouth with his delicious voice. "I'll ask, but I won't make any guarantees. You know Jess, she's probably going to start in on her hints and scare her off."
Fallon was pretty sure her own feelings were more likely to scare her off. She was willing to bet half the town had Jess meddling in their business. Not like she caused any harm, but she always knew what was coming. Jess' visions always came true.
Fallon didn't know what was worse. Jess who was psychic or her twin Jamie who was an empath. Jess always hassled Fallon about her choice in men, telling her all the ways they'd screw up. While Jamie would tell her how she didn't really love them. Unfortunately, they were always right.
The car pulled to a stop, and she kept her eyes closed, her breathing even. Brody leaned over the seat to brush his fingers across her cheek, and that felt really nice. "Wake up, sugar. We're here." She really shouldn't like the way he called her that.
Fallon slowly opened her eyes, stretched, and let out a real yawn. "Sorry," she murmured, mostly for eavesdropping when he thought she was asleep. Turning to Dakota, she smiled. "Thanks for the help."
"You're welcome. Go get some rest," Dakota replied warmly.
She grabbed her backpack, shut the door, and turned around. Brody was right there, his full mouth tilted in a smile. She rolled back on her heels and forced her gaze to his. "So, about this apartment?"
His eyes sparkled and he nodded toward the house. "I'll be right back. I need to go get the key." He walked around the back.
Fallon looked up at a craftsman style house. His home was too big for a single guy, but he wasn't wearing a ring. All he was missing was the white picket fence. His house was set back from the road but the yard was meticulously landscaped. And what was with the four car garage?
Maybe she read him wrong. Maybe he was married? with kids? teenagers even. Her eyes kept getting wider and wider, and then she shuddered. Not her business, she reminded herself. Then again, if he were married, he would definitely land on her do-not-touch list.
Curious what he was doing, she followed the stone path and caught him climbing to the second floor balcony with ease. He hopped over the railing and slipped into an open window like it was habit.
The porch lights came on a minute later and Brody walked out the back door with a smile.
She couldn't help herself. "I take it you run home naked often?"
The corner of his mouth quirked up and he glanced away. "Why keep a spare key someone can find when I can just go through a window no one else would bother with?"
Amused, she nodded. "Good point."
His brow lifted as he pointed to the stairs on the side of the garage. "Up those stairs there is your humble abode."
Fallon turned and hurried up the stairs. Brody was right behind her, and even though he wasn't touching her, his warmth spread through her. She just knew his big hard body would feel like heaven sliding up against hers. Fighting off a shiver, she steeled herself against him. After leaving one asshole kitty cat, she really didn't need a great big controlling puppy dog.
He held out a single key with a tiny Harley on the chain. "Go on. Do the honors."
She unlocked the door and walked into the dark room. Fallon closed her eyes and took in the inviting feel of the space. The light switch clicked on and she was bathed in light. Turning around, she found him leaning against the doorframe. He watched with a longing she didn't expect.
"Aren't you going to give me the tour?" The words were slightly teasing, and out of her mouth before she could stop herself.
He pushed off the frame and moved toward her with a nod to the corner. "Your living room. The TV's hooked up to the cable." The living space was roomy. There was a flat screen TV and entertainment center in the corner, the furniture was slightly rustic, but looked comfortable. There was a couch against the wall and a rocking chair near the large window overlooking the driveway.
Brody walked around her, into the dark kitchen and flipped on the light. There was a center island and a couple stools. "Kitchen has all the basics." Next to the pantry was a door he opened, revealing the small but nice bathroom, with a walk-in shower. "Bathroom here, and over here is the bedroom." He took a couple steps past her and opened the only other door.
Fallon stepped in and set her backpack on the king size bed covered in big fluffy pillows and a feather comforter. She pictured Brody sprawled out naked, and felt the heat in her face. A shiver traveled down her spine as she walked past him and to the living room window to look out.
She felt his approach and squeezed her eyes shut. "The apartment is nice." It was a little too perfect, and she didn't understand.
"You don't like it?" Disappointment colored his tone, making her feel guilty.
"I do." She turned to face him. "I'm just confused." So much for not asking. "What's the story with the house, and an apartment above your garage? You seem single, but this whole setup screams family."
"Well, that was the plan." Brody went to the window, placed his hand on the frame, and stared into the darkness with a lost expression. "I was married. We wanted a family." He paused, and she reached for him but dropped her hand before he noticed. "Sarah died in Iraq." His eyes closed as he pressed his forehead to the glass.
Her heart ached for him. He obviously loved his wife. "I'm sorry, I didn't know," Fallon whispered.
"We built the apartment so her Mom would have a place to stay when?." He shrugged, but didn't look back.
Her stomach bottomed out and she felt like a jerk. She never dreamt of marriage or kids, let alone in-laws. Had she ever met one of her boyfriend's parents? Nope, never. Brody had everything all planned out, and then his hopes and dreams were just gone.
"I'm sorry you lost her. I can't even imagine." She had no clue what else to say.
"That was four years ago. I'm all right." He turned and offered a weak smile, but obviously he wasn't. "I just couldn't move away. Adam and Slater helped me build this home. There are a lot of good memories here."
She wound her fingers together behind her back. "This is a nice place."
He nodded and ran a hand through his golden blond hair. "Can I ask you something?"
"Sure." She figured she owed him.
"This man Jess mentioned, did he hurt you?"
There was too much concern there for a stranger, which was both overwhelming and comforting.
"Isaac, and no. He made some terrible choices." Fallon looked away and shrugged. "Doesn't matter, he's in the past where he should stay." She rode away with every intention of forgetting. He wasn't worth the time she wasted on him, and remembering never fixed anything.
"Past as in when?" There was a demand in his question.
Her head whipped around. He stared at her with wide eyes and his mouth open. His surprise was so unexpected that it took the sting out of the words.
"This morning." Her laugh was bitter. "Early morning. I should have walked away sooner. He wasn't man enough to end things the right way, and I was too stupid to see how wrong the whole relationship was. Not until way too late."
Brody tilted his head, his brow wrinkling. "What's the right way? To end things, that is."
"Sure as hell isn't fucking another woman in front of me. I would have taken a hastily scrawled note or a text ending things over that." Fallon paced away. She was pissed at herself, not Isaac or the other woman. She didn't want to think about it though.
Brody growled. "Damn straight that's not the right way. He sounds like an asshole."
She came back with her arms crossed over her chest. He stood there with his hands clenched into fists and his eyes icy blue like his wolf's, giving him a dangerous edge. His scowl was so ridiculously hot she cursed herself for noticing.
Fallon gathered her wits, and crossed her arms over her chest. "Yeah. So, you'll have to excuse me if I don't feel like wasting my breath on him."
One corner of his mouth turned up. "All right, consider it dropped."
She felt her eyes widen and faked a yawn to cover her surprise. "Sorry, but if you don't mind, I'm just going to go to bed. Thank you, for the place to stay."
"Don't mention it." Brody smiled. "Maybe tomorrow you'll come play pool with us?"
A couple games of pool couldn't hurt. She nodded. "Sounds like a plan. Good night, Brody."
"Come knock on the back door in the morning. I'll have coffee ready." He backed out of the door with a grin. "Sweet dreams, Fallon."
She locked the door and desperately wanted to call him back. Goddess, she wished he could be a dick so she wouldn't be so tempted.

* * * *

The sound of the shower woke Brody. Yawning, he sat up to stretch and threw the blanket off. The cool air chilled him as he stood and padded over to the bathroom.
Fallon stood under the spray with her head tipped back and her eyes closed as water cascaded down her perfect body. Her hands were covered in suds as she worked them over her full breasts as her back arched.
His eyes flipped open. He was staring at the ceiling, panting, and hard as rock. The dream kept playing through his head. The clock said 5 AM. He glared down at his erection like it was the devil. This was the third time he woke up, but this time he was awake and he felt like a damned pervert.
She'd probably deck him if she knew what he was dreaming about. He needed a cold shower and he needed to stop thinking about her but hell was more likely to freeze over.
On his way to the bathroom, Brody stepped over the bedding he must have kicked off. Shaking his head, he cranked the water all the way to arctic. He damn near froze his balls off, but he stood there until his teeth were chattering hard enough to give him a headache and his fingers and toes went numb. When he couldn't take the cold, he shut off the water, and dried off.
The shower didn't help. His dumb tool was hard as ever.
Hoping a run would help, Brody dug through his sock drawer for his only pair of BVD's, and hoped like hell the underwear would hold his junk down. If that didn't kill his persistent boner, he wasn't sure what would.
He dressed himself in shorts and a t-shirt before heading out the door.
Fallon must have had the same idea because she was heading toward the street in running shoes, shorts and a tank.
Brody waited to see if she noticed him, but she kept going without ever looking back, so he started down the trail that led into the woods and followed the lake. Breathing in the fresh forest air, he pushed himself hard, pumping his arms and legs to get his mind off Fallon. The brisk exercise was almost working.
His phone rang, so he stopped to pull his cell out of his pocket. He saw his brother's name. "Hey, my man."
Adam laughed. "What are you doing?"
"Running. Why?"
"Just curious. You sound winded, and you're never winded. I stopped running with you because you're a damned beast."
"You're a wimp."
"So what's up?"
"Just frustrated."
"That so?" Adam chuckled. "I hear this is woman related."
"Maybe, but she's unavailable."
His brother sighed and his tone was somber. "So, what happened after you left the bar last night?"
He spent the evening drowning in memories of his dead wife, while Adam and his fianc threw him a pity party until he couldn't stand it. That was when he went for a run.
Brody told Adam everything, including how Fallon seemed to fill up the emptiness. Adam could read him better than he could read himself. He would know what Brody was feeling for Fallon as soon as they were in the same room together. He didn't want his brother opening his big mouth in front of her.
"What makes you so sure she won't warm up to you in a few days?" Adam asked. "You're the most charming bastard I know. Just give her some time. She'll chase, they always do."
Brody didn't think that was going to be the case. Fallon was different, but until she trusted him, chasing would only push her away. Somehow, he knew he wouldn't want to let her go once he had her.
"Doubtful." He took a deep breath and let it out slowly. "Look, she needs time, and I don't want to rush. Just let her be."
"Give Fallon a chance. Besides I've known her old boss for the last five years. Gabriel is positive she'll stick around if she has a job. And I've seen some of her work. She's brilliant."
Brody leaned against the tree and squeezed his eyes shut. Last thing he wanted to hear about was another man. "What's the story with this Gabriel?"
"He's like her father." Adam snorted, clearly amused. "He's known her since she was tiny. He took her in when she was sixteen, after her mother passed away. Oh, and you'll never believe this. Smoking hot as Fallon is, she's 64 years old. Of course Gabe's a druid too, and he claims to be over a hundred, but he doesn't look any older than either one of us."
Adam was thirty-eight. Brody shook his head. There were a lot of people in Edenton who were a hell of a lot older than they looked for one reason or another. "I'm never going to get used to the age thing."
"Age is only a number, especially here." Adam chuckled. "By the way, Gabriel is coming up with her gear and the stuff she left in her apartment. So take your truck, not your bike. Even though I know you'd love to have her wrapped around you, you need to haul her stuff."
God, his brother was a prick. "Good advice," Brody grumbled. "Do me a favor, and keep your mouth shut around her, please."
"Sure. Just bring her in after breakfast. I know Jess wants to grill her about the piece of shit she dumped."
"Asshole," Brody growled.
"You don't know the half of it." Adam warned. "I met him a year or so ago, back at the Seattle Tattoo Expo. Real piece of work and he was cheating on her then, but she didn't know."
"What do you mean he's a piece of work?" He felt like he needed to know how much of a beat down the guy needed.
"Rumor is he has some fetishes Fallon wouldn't let him indulge in. I walked in on him doing things to a woman that scarred me for life. Trust me. You don't want to know any more."
His mind raced through possibilities. "Probably not."
"I'll see you soon. Go, run it off, bro."
"Bye Adam." He took off into the woods, throwing himself into the rest of the run.

* * * *

By nine, Fallon had run five miles, practiced yoga, and taken a nice long, hot shower. She even put on a little mascara, light eye shadow, and lip gloss when she rarely bothered with makeup. After being covered in vampire ash and blood half the night, she couldn't help wanting look a little pretty. It had absolutely nothing to do with Brody.
Going to the mirror, she took a final look at herself. She had settled on a gray tank top, a sleeveless military jacket, and worn skinny jeans with her motorcycle boots. Her outfit wasn't too dressy or slutty and it never hurt to show a little ink when interviewing at a tattoo shop.
Unable to sit still, Fallon checked her watch for the hundredth time and gave up. She was tired of waiting and just wanted to get the whole Isaac conversation over with, which meant meeting up with Jess. So she locked up the apartment and hurried down the stairs.
Talk about timing. She collided with Brody as he came around the corner of the garage. He kept his feet and caught her around the waist to keep her upright.
His chuckle was warm and welcoming as he pulled her against his big, hard body. "In a hurry?" Brody teased, his mouth twitched like he was fighting a smile, which only made her smile back as he stepped away.
"I, uh." She stammered. He looked good standing there in cargo shorts, dirt smeared across his brow and no shirt in sight. Damn her, but she wanted to trace all those acres of muscle with her tongue so she could taste the salt of his skin.
Fallon mentally shook herself and forced her gaze to his. "Sorry. You mentioned coffee last night. I was just on my way to find it."
His smoky blue eyes sparkled as he licked his bottom lip. "I was just doing some yard work until you were ready to meet Jess." The morning sun brought out the highlights in his golden blond hair, and she liked the way his waves fell around his face.
Swallowing hard, she looked over at the rosebushes. "I'm ready. And if you want a hand with the yard when we're done, or I'm done, or whatever, I'm pretty good with yard stuff."
One golden eyebrow arched. "Really? I thought you were a city girl?"
"At times, but I'm flexible." His smirk was back and she damn near bit her tongue off. "I'm a druid, nature's my thing." She explained lamely.
"Right. Well, let me get cleaned up." He led her inside and nodded toward an empty mug on the counter. "Fix yourself a cup of coffee."
The fresh coffee made her swoon, or maybe it was watching the way his shorts hung just right, showing the top curve of his ass as he marched his way up the stairs.
Smiling, she poured the aromatic brew into the mug he set out for her. There was a sweet Harley painted on the side. Fallon took a seat at the counter and frowned at the half empty mug. It was the lightest coffee she had ever seen. The contents bordered on sacrilege. She was surprised to find the coffee was so good.
Closing her eyes, she breathed in deep before savoring the second drink.
"Mmm." His low rumble washed over her, making her toes curl. Fallon opened her eyes to find Brody dressed in worn jeans and a vintage t-shirt, licking his lips as he watched her. Her brow arched and he ducked his head in apology. "Sorry. You're just all kinds of scrumptious."
She couldn't stop the giggle before it escaped. "Oh really?"
"What? I can't find you attractive?" he asked innocently, and her eyes narrowed. He shrugged but didn't drop his gaze. "I'm not making a pass, I swear. But I'd be lying if I said you weren't absolutely gorgeous."
"That's fair, because I was thinking the same about you." After another drink she shook her head.
"But?" The soft growl in that one word made her whole body respond.
"But I wasn't going to say it, because I'm not ready to jump into anything right now. Looks are nice, but I don't know you, and you don't know me. I may be too much for you to handle." Damn her, and her flirty tone. She wished she could take the comment back. Instead, she finished her coffee and watched his expression.
The light in his eyes said he took her statement as a challenge. One she was sure to lose.
"I'll keep it in mind, but I wasn't starting anything." He shrugged, and the corners of his mouth lifted. "Just saying." Brody finished his defiled coffee. "Now, we best get down there."
"Yeah. I'd rather get that conversation over with. Just wait. You'll hear all about how Jess told me so." She rolled her eyes as she got up to rinse her cup.
Brody chuckled. "I doubt it. She seems pretty happy to have you up here, sugar. I'm sure she'll give you a break."
"Sugar?" She snorted.
"Oh, are you one of those women who get offended by nicknames?" His tongue swept over his lips and she began to think trouble was spelled B-R-O-D-Y.
"Depends, but sugar is closer to a term of endearment."
"I'll try to keep it in mind, but I call Jess sugar, too. I wouldn't dare to try prying her away from Slater."
"Fair enough. I'll remember that." Jealousy shot through her, and she fisted her hands in her jacket pockets. There was no reason for that useless emotion. She didn't want to be special to Brody, or she shouldn't. With a sigh, she started for the door. "We better get going."
He followed just behind her and opened the garage door. His gray Ford F150 didn't surprise her. Then her gaze fell on his lovingly customized V-Rod Muscle in vivid-black. She fell in love with the bike as she moved closer for a better look. "Now that is a nice Harley."
"Thank you, but your Night Rod is just as nice." He opened the passenger door. "I know you've got to be missing yours. If you want, I'll let you take my bike out later."
Grinning, she turned back to him. "You trust me that much?"
"Of course. You did save my ass last night."
She stole a peak at his ass as she walked back to the truck. Yeah, he had a fine ass.
Chapter 4


Fallon saw the bright red building with the big diner style windows as Brody pulled in. Then she noticed the sign and couldn't help laughing. She never imagined Jess would use what she drew up and emailed after Jess drove out of San Francisco for good.
She was still annoyed that Jess had tried to sneak out of town without warning two years before. Fallon showed up at Jess' and found a half full U-Haul trailer hitched to her truck. Jess had warned her countless times about Isaac and how shitty things would end. So at first, Fallon thought her bitching about the prophecies was the only reason her best friend was moving. Turned out that was only half the problem. Jess made the mistake of sleeping with her old alpha.
In the end, Fallon helped load the truck. The last thing she told Jess was, "You should name the bar In Too Deep. That is your damn catch phrase and you seem to have landed yourself in the deep-end this time."
The engine cut off and Fallon came back to the present. She hopped out of the truck and walked to the bar. Brody breezed past her with a crooked smile on his full mouth and opened the door. Normally, the chivalry thing would grate her nerves, but he made her all shivery.
The first thing she noticed as she stepped inside was the rustic hunting lodge feel. There were fishing poles above the bar, and black and white hunting and fishing photos on the walls. The bar was in the middle with a hall leading back on the side. Around the dance floor were pool tables with matching high-tops and stools. There was a jukebox in the far corner and dartboards lining the far wall.
"Over here," Brody murmured from just behind her, his hand briefly touched the small of her back, leaving a tingling sensation.
She followed his gaze and found the dining section. Booths lined the walls, and a large stone hearth was set into the far wall. Sunlight streamed through the windows. In the last booth, next to the fire place, Jess sat snuggled under Slater's arm, giving him googly eyes.
Fallon was happy to see Jess in love after her long string of one night stands. She used to say, "Why should I bother trying when I know how they're going to fuck up?"
Fallon slid into the booth and Brody followed right behind her.
The waiter showed up immediately. He was long, lean and had a baby face with dark hair, cafe au lait skin, freckles and almond shaped pale green eyes. He was as soft-spoken as he was exotic. Everyone ordered and he walked away.
Jess drummed her fingers on the table and leaned forward. "So, Jamie told me how doucheface Isaac showed up at the shop, all black and blue and pissed off, asking where you went."
"I know." Fallon shrugged. "I called your sister this morning, apparently right after you did. That asswipe has called about twenty times or so since I left."
"She says you broke his nose." Vicious delight gleamed in Jess' baby-blues. "So what happened?"
Fallon took a deep breath, leaned back in the seat, and crossed her legs. She played with the top of her boot. With Brody right next to her, she didn't want to admit she only went over there for sex. Goddess knew his opinion shouldn't matter to her.
Sitting a little straighter, Fallon focused on Jess. "I had an itch that needed to be scratched, so I drove over to surprise him. I heard something in the back room, and naturally had to check it out. He was fucking Sheila, riding crop in hand, while she was all tied up. I tried to leave quietly." Fallon shook her head and sighed. She really wanted to scrub that image from her head. "He must have seen me, because he caught up with me before I managed to get out the front door. Isaac boxed me in, and then tried to convince me he wasn't doing exactly what he was doing." She felt like a fool for letting their farce of a relationship go on so damned long. "I'm not stupid, and I'm not blind, and I sure as hell don't play those games. Plus, that harness had an awful lot of knots to be a drunken mistake. That shit takes planning."
Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Brody's mouth hanging open, and forced herself to ignore him. Jess stared at her with wide eyes.
Maybe she did need to explain. "Look. That was one of Isaac's many problems with me. I don't submit to anyone. He claimed that was fine, but apparently he was going behind my back to get his fill of all the things I wouldn't do. He thought he could get his kinks out of his system and still keep me. He was wrong, and I proved my point."
"Did he hurt you?" The growl was back in Brody's voice, sending a shiver down her spine.
Shifting her gaze to him, she shook her head. "I told you last night, he didn't." She caught the look of surprise on Jess' face from her admission. Fallon wasn't known for sharing details with anyone. "He tried to make me stay, but at that point we were over and there was nothing he could say to change my mind. He didn't move when I told him to, so I broke his nose with my face and kneed him in the balls so hard he may never get his dick up again."
Jess burst in, "And Sheila was still tied up through all of this?"
Fallon nodded. "Yup. While he whined and came up with a thousand pathetic excuses." Brody's expression only grew darker. "Oh don't give me that look. She was begging for more while he tried to explain the kinkfest away."
Fallon glanced away and noticed the waiter staring at her from the end of the table. His face was dark red and he held the giant tray of food with trembling hands.
"I'll only say this once." Jess' laugh was cocky, pulling Fallon's attention back to her. "But I told you exactly what he'd do, and you told me to stuff my prophecies a hundred different times."
"Just stop." Fallon glared at Jess. "I think we're going to give this poor guy an aneurysm." She glanced up at the waiter with a single arched brow. "Have I shocked you? 'Cause you may as well get used to it. I don't hold my tongue for anyone."
The waiter just blinked, blinked? and then blinked again, too shocked for words.
"I'm Fallon, by the way. If you give us our food, I'll shake your hand as long as you close your mouth and stop staring."
Brody let out a surprised laugh, Slater just pretended like the whole conversation wasn't taking place, and Jess pegged the guy with a hard look.
He went to work on setting out the plates.
Jess rolled her eyes. "This is Lincoln. Good kid, a little sheltered, but I don't see how living in this town."
"Sorry Ma'am?."
"Oh, no. You did not just call me Ma'am. Please, just call me Fallon."
"Sorry, Fallon." Obedient. Kind of like a puppy. She held back her laugh. Once he was done, she held out her hand, and he took it timidly. Fallon had to stop herself from rolling her eyes as she cast a silent calming spell on him.
Lincoln dropped his eyes as he backed away from the table.
Fallon frowned at Jess. "Okay, I know this is a small town but please tell me they aren't all so skittish? I know I have more ink than most women, but I swear it was like he was staring at an alien."
"No. He wasn't looking at your tattoos." Brody's nostril's flared. "That was pure lust coming off him. The shock came after the broken nose comment." She saw his hands in his lap. They were knotted into fists so tight his knuckles were white. He shot the waiter a dirty look. She probably shouldn't take pleasure from his reaction, but she did.
There was an extra plate at the end of the table, and she was about to make some snarky remark about how much werewolves eat when she heard Gabriel call out, "Hello Fallon, Jess." She closed her eyes and took a deep breath.
Well, that would explain why her old boss didn't answer his phone when she called. The man never answered while driving. It was sweet that Gabe was checking on her, but she hoped he didn't get all papa-bear over the whole mess with Isaac because she was over the weretiger.

* * * *

Jess and Adam both warned Brody that Gabriel was coming in. He was surprised to see a man who appeared to be maybe thirty, with long dark hair and hazel eyes. His long legs were clad in worn jeans. He wore a Harley shirt, and a leather vest with a big bobcat on the back. His muscular arms were tattooed in forest scenes with prowling predators. The jaguar on his bicep seemed to watch him, and there was a wolf and a cougar frozen in a vicious battle on his other arm.
"Hey, Fallon. You doing all right? I heard you were pretty banged up,"Gabriel said as he dragged a chair over to the end of the table.
She stood up and leaned over Brody to hug Gabriel as he sat back. Her stellar ass was right in his face and he had to close his eyes and take a deep breath to stop himself from doing something really inappropriate. Her scent overwhelmed him. She smelled like warm caramel, and he so badly wanted to take a bite.
"I'm good." Fallon smiled as she sat back down. "Jess had a shaman friend take care of me. This is Slater, you know Jess, and this is Brody. Guys, this is Gabriel. He taught me everything I know."
"Good to see you both again." Gabriel shook Slater's hand, kissed the top of Jess' head. Then he took Brody's hand in a firm grip with an appraising once-over, but there was a sparkle in his eyes. He took his seat and turned his attention back to Fallon. "I came up to bring the rest of your things since you left in such a hurry. And I thought I would visit Brody's brother." Gabriel scooped eggs onto his fork and took a bite.
Frowning, Fallon fiddled with her silverware as she looked at Gabriel. Brody could scent her unease. She said, "You really didn't have to go to the trouble. There wasn't anything I couldn't live without."
"Yeah, but you need your gear which isn't easy to replace. It's not like you had a ton of stuff to haul. A total of five boxes and one of those were from the shop." Gabriel shrugged, his expression softening. "Besides, the delivery gave me a good excuse to make sure you were okay."
Fallon looked down at her plate, and Brody wondered what was going through her head. Gabriel obviously cared about her, but she seemed to be pushing him away.

* * * *

"Please tell me you aren't going to ask about Isaac." Fallon pleaded. It was awkward enough to tell Jess in front of Brody. Telling the closet person she had to a father would be a hundred times worse.
Gabriel shook his head, his expression caught somewhere between amused and irritated. "Don't worry. I got a pretty good idea considering his busted face and how you disappeared off the face of the earth."
And now she felt guilty. "Sorry, I didn't think, I just left."
"I know, and I understand." Gabriel gave Fallon a sad smile.
"So, when did you leave?" Because she knew he wouldn't drive straight through like she did.
"Yesterday, around noon. After I finally called Jess and she told me what she knew." He gave her a sheepish shrug.
"Figures," she muttered.
Gabriel shifted in his seat, his brow wrinkling. "If you haven't, you should call Amethyst. She was ready to beat Isaac's ass when he showed up and you didn't."
Fallon could just imagine and that worried her. "Please, tell me you stopped her from doing something stupid? He's three times her size, he'd crush her."
"Of course I stopped her. Besides, her mom would kill me." Gabriel smiled affectionately. He fell in love with Amethyst's mother when she was still pregnant, and even though he wasn't her biological father, he raised her as such. Amethyst was like Fallon's little sister.
"I plan to call her this afternoon." And she knew she'd have to explain everything.
Fallon wasn't good at opening up, but she could talk with Amethyst who never judged, and she always returned the favor.
"For the record," Gabriel said, "I fired Isaac. I only put up with his bullshit for you. But I knew you were leaving sooner or later. I just wish you could have given me a little warning."
"Sorry," Fallon answered feeling guilty. She changed the topic. "Just an FYI, I'm changing my number as soon as I find a phone store. Isaac hasn't stopped calling. I'll get you my new number."
"Good. You'll do well in Edenton. I know San Francisco was getting to you. You're even close enough to Seattle if you need a hit of the city." He glanced at Brody and back at her with a raised brow. "But, that's a big if." Gabriel knew she had a weakness for hot weres.
The corners of Brody's lips lifted slightly, but he looked down at his hands and kept his mouth shut.
Fallon's gaze lasered in on Gabriel. "Don't start on me. I'm done with men."
Gabriel and Jess looked at each other full of yeah-right and burst out laughing. Fallon clutched the edge of table, and glared back at them.
Brody came to her rescue. "So, Jess, when does your sister move up?" She wanted to squeeze his leg in thanks, but kept her hands to herself. The last thing she wanted to do was lead him on when she refused to get involved.
"End of the week," Jess answered and turned to Fallon. "Please, come over and help unpack. We'll make it a girls night."
"Sure." The move was news to Fallon, just like when Jess moved up. That hurt, but Jess and Jamie probably had their reasons.
"You better make your famous chili to redeem yourself for disappearing." Jess winked.
"You just miss my chili." Fallon relaxed. "You'll have to lend me the crockpot and utensils, and tell me when."
Brody interrupted. "All that stuff is in your apartment."
Goddess, he really had planned for his family. "Thanks." She smiled weakly. His head tilted as he searched her face.

* * * *

Fallon should have known Brody's brother was one of Gabriel's tattoo convention buddies. Gabe had connections everywhere. In fact, Adam did the eagle across Gabe's chest.
The conventions never were Fallon's thing. She figured that out at the first one she attended. Thanks to Gabriel and her Other clients, she had developed a following, which was just weird in her opinion. Too much attention always made her squirm and she felt like she was on display when she went.
Once she pushed her plate away, Brody nudged her shoulder. "There's a Cell Shop next door to Adam's. I could take you by there before Gabriel finishes eating, and he can meet us there."
"Thanks." She looked over at Gabriel. "You know where the shop is?"
Gabriel nodded. "I do. I'll catch up."
Fallon gave Brody a smile. "All right then. Thank you."
"Don't mention it." Brody waved to Slater and Jess. "See you two tonight." He offered Gabriel his hand again and they shook. "It was a pleasure."
"You too, my man," Gabriel said cheerily. "I'll see you at Inktastic in a bit."
Fallon groaned. "Inktastic? That sounds so girly."
"But fitting. Adam's woman came up with the name." Gabriel grinned and shrugged one shoulder. "They do great work there. Almost as good as yours, but no one is as good as you."
"Hmph, except you."
He shook his head. "Not too sure about that, doll. I may have taught you everything I know, but you manage to do things with your wards I didn't think were possible."
Fallon rolled her eyes. "If you say so." She squeezed his arm as she climbed out of the booth. "I'll see you soon."

* * * *

Brody followed Fallon out of the bar. He knew she was tense, but her shoulders relaxed as she stepped into the sunshine. Her head tipped back as she took a deep breath.
"You okay? You seem pretty anxious," Brody asked.
Her mouth tipped up in a smile as her gaze met his. "That went better than I expected."
"How's so?"
"Gabe didn't go all papa-bear on me, and Jess only gave me one I-told-you-so. Maybe they're taking pity on me."
He chuckled. "Isaac doesn't sound real popular."
"Well, you could ask Jess. She always thought he was a skeev, and I guess some of his? desires leaned that way. He was a good friend for years. Then, I had a momentary lapse in judgment and wound up sleeping with him."
"Two years though?" Brody didn't understand. Before Sarah, he had a series of short term relationships and one night stands. As soon as he figured out the fling wouldn't work he walked away before things got serious. Then Sarah came along and things just felt right.
Fallon sighed. "I'm sure you know how Jess is. She has a vision, and she wants to help stop something bad from happening. Well, I'm stubborn, and I wanted to prove her wrong. So I stayed too long when I knew we weren't working."
"But you knew it wasn't working, so why?"
She swallowed hard and rubbed the back of her neck. "Honestly?"
"Mmhmm."
"The sex was good, and we were friends first. I guess I hoped what we had was enough. It wasn't." She turned to get into the truck.
He wondered if she ever let anyone in all the way. She seemed so lonely when she shut the door.
Brody walked around the truck and opened the door to climb in beside her. "Has he really called that many times?"
Fallon took out her phone, brought up her missed calls, and held it out. He glanced over as he fired up the engine. 32 missed calls from JACKASS. Brody let out a low whistle.
"Look," she said, "I was stupid. I tried to see the best in him. I was wrong. Hell, maybe I thought my heart was safe because I didn't really love him." She swung her emerald eyes toward him, and shrugged. "So, how bad could he hurt me?"
"Didn't he though, emotionally?" Two years, whether she loved him or not, and to find him doing what he was doing had to hurt. He pulled onto the road.
Fallon half-laughed and dropped her gaze. "He pissed me off, but I didn't lose sleep over him." She licked her lips and he caught the scent of caramel. God, he loved the way she smelled.
"Hmm?" Brody had to wonder if she thought about him the night before. If she had, he would feel a hell of a lot better about all the things he dreamt about doing to her.
"Thanks for the ride," Fallon said. There was a pretty blush on her cheeks as she hopped out of the truck and strode into the store. She went right to the prepaid display. Brody followed her in but leaned next to the door, watching as her nervousness evaporated and was replaced by cool confidence.
Charlie, one of the sales guys, looked up and his mouth rounded in an "O" as he got a good look at Fallon. The poor kid didn't stand a chance. He looked like a preppy college kid. With a winning smile, he hurried over to her and opened his mouth to start his pitch.
She fixed him with a deadly look. "Stop right there. I know what I want. You can get me one of these." She pointed to a phone that sat on the display. "And this." She handed him a prepaid card. "No, I don't want a contract, and I don't want any accessories."
Charlie stared at her for a few seconds, and her brow inched up as her hands landed on her hips. He finally nodded, then cleared his throat. "No problem. None at all," he stammered before scrambling to the back.
Brody held back his laugh as the poor kid came racing back out with her phone and the prepaid card.
"Can I set up the service and transfer your numbers?" He practically begged. "They are the same phone and it will only take a moment."
"Sure, thank you." Fallon gave him just a hint of smile and Charlie's mouth parted on a gasp. Her smile was breathtaking, and he knew Charlie had a thing for tattoos.
Brody gritted his teeth and shot Charlie a look the kid didn't notice because he was too busy staring at Fallon. She started to turn back and Brody blanked his expression. With a nod at the kid, she rolled her eyes.
Her clear disinterest was a huge relief. Fallon turned back but ignored Charlie's obvious fascination with her. She paid, turned on her heel, and marched toward the exit.
"Hey, wait." Charlie jogged around the counter to catch up with her. She paused but didn't look up until he asked, "Want to go out for a drink sometime? I'm Charlie, by the way."
Her eyes narrowed as she looked over and quickly swept her gaze up and back down his body. "Thanks, but boys do nothing for me." She walked right out the door and turned toward Inktastic.
Charlie's mouth fell open, and he watched her with wide eyes as she headed over to Adam's shop. "Who is she?"
"Fallon, new tattoo artist next door." Brody nodded toward Inktastic.
"She's freaking hot. Like white, blazing, molten, inferno hot. What's her story?"
The urge to punch Charlie ripped through Brody and his hands cranked into fists. He took a deep breath and attempted to calm down before answering. "She just dumped some asshole." He tried to shrug casually. "The woman needs some time and space." He may have growled a little.
"Oh, my God. You want her? Wow, you really do." Charlie gawked at him. "About time you found yourself a woman."
"Don't," he grumbled, and rubbed the back of his neck. "I don't think she's going to be ready any time soon."
Charlie snorted in disbelief. "Please. Was there ever a woman you couldn't get before??" His eyes got really wide as he glanced away and changed the subject. "Go over there. I won't keep you." He shook his head and muttered, "Lucky bastard."

* * * *

Fallon walked into Inktastic by herself, and the door bells rang. Brody stayed behind to talk to the dipshit sales guy. Maybe that was unfair to the kid, but she didn't give a damn. Preppy-boy ogled her like she was a piece of meat. At least the dumbass was obedient and didn't push his luck.
There was no one out front, so she took a moment to relax and look around. Stupid name or not, the tattoo shop was nice and had a homey feel. The walls were lined with photographs tastefully displaying their work, and classic rock played on the radio.
There were two tables, one set up on each side of the hall, and a total of eight comfy office type chairs, two on either side of each table. She walked over to the bookshelf full of binders labeled with the artist name and the type of tattoos, and opened the first one she touched. The two pages had photos from multiple angles of a beautifully detailed dragon. The tattoo covered the man's back and wrapped around his shoulders and chest. Fallon had to admit she was impressed.
She put the binder back and took another look. The live plants brought a taste of the fresh air indoors. Down the hall, she noticed doors on either side, which were probably where the tattoo stations were. Fallon could see herself working there.
The bell rang and she glanced back to watch Brody walk in, followed by Gabriel, which reminded her to text her new number to her friends. Maybe trading numbers with her new landlord would be a good idea. She could just imagine his low rumbly drawl in her ear and shivered.
Right, not happening, she reminded herself.
A slightly smaller version of Brody walked out from the back. His dark blond hair was short, he had full sleeves on each arm, and there was a mischievous glint in his smoky blue eyes as he took her in. Then he looked back at Brody and one corner of his mouth quirked up before his eyes swung back to her. "Why, hello."
She couldn't help wondering about their silent communication.
Brody came up behind her. "Fallon, this is my brother Adam. Adam, this is Fallon O'Shea."
"Pleasure to meet you, Fallon. I've heard so many good things about you and your work." Adam had no trace of Brody's southern drawl. Adam shot another look back at Brody and then Gabriel. "I'm hoping you'll fill our opening. That is, if you're interested in working here?"
"So far, I am." She resisted a glance back at Brody. "And your shop is charming. I'm pleasantly surprised." She could rib him about the name once she knew him a little better.
"Good, then let's have a chat and get things rolling, as long as Gabriel doesn't mind bringing your gear in. Then Brody can help him move your boxes to his truck."
"I'll be right back," Gabriel told her before he went outside.
"Hmm, I hear the beautiful Miss O'Shea is here to join our motley crew." The badass version of Dakota swaggered down the hall with a devilish grin. He wore a lot of ink, and she couldn't miss the big tomahawk tattooed on his neck.
"Tomahawk, I presume." She smirked. "You certainly aren't Dakota."
Brody moved closer, not quite touching but close enough she could feel the heat of his body. Fallon almost leaned back against him, but she stood her ground. His face moved closer to her ear, his breath a caress. "Don't mind Tom. He's a terrible flirt."
"Doesn't hurt to flirt a little." Tom winked.
Harmless flirting was a hell of a lot easier to ignore than Brody's brand. He seemed to mean what he said and his sincerity was wearing down her resolve.
She smiled. "Not at all."
Brody touched her shoulder and she felt the sensation all the way to her toes. "I need to go take a look at your Harley. I'll call later to give you an idea of how long I need to fix your bike."
"Thank you. I trust my girl's in good hands." She gazed up at him, desperately trying to tamp down the image of his hands on her body.
"Sure is." He licked his full lips like he might be envisioning the very same thing. "Later, sugar." He turned and strolled out the door. Fallon couldn't stop herself as she turned to watch him leave. At least she bit back the lusty sigh before it could slip out.
When she turned around, Adam was grinning from ear to ear with one eyebrow arched. "It has been years since he's looked at a woman like that."
"Hmph, whatever. I'm not hooking up with anyone. I've already explained that to Brody." Fallon fixed Adam with a serious look. "Shall we get down to business?"

* * * *

Jess stepped into Fallon's new station at Inktastic and couldn't help smiling. She brought food, which Fallon would rarely refuse. "Hey, I'm stealing you for lunch," she announced.
Fallon rolled her eyes as she looked up from wiping down the counter. "Where are we planning to eat?"
"There's a park just up the street. Come on, I want to talk." Jess grabbed her arm and Fallon dropped the rag on the counter as she followed her out. "I brought BLT's and tangerines."
Fallon perked up. "Please tell me there's extra bacon and you made it crispy."
"Duh, of course." Jess had made Fallon's favorite sandwich on purpose.
"Hey, Adam?" Fallon called out. His room was across the hall from hers. "You said I have about forty minutes until the next wolf shows up, right?" He had the door open, and was coloring in a woman's sleeve.
"Yup," he answered. "Take your time though. This is your first day and you're doing amazing work.
She waved. "See ya soon."
"Bye, Adam." Jess popped her head in and winked at him. He just grinned back. He wanted his brother to find someone as much as Jess wanted Fallon to be happy. Brody had been sad and melancholy ever since she met him two years ago, which was depressing because he was such a great guy.
In less than 24 hours, Brody smiled more than the whole time she'd known him. Jess always knew he would take one look at Fallon and join the living. Now, Fallon just needed to get with the program and see how much she needed him.
Jess led Fallon to an empty picnic table under the shade of a tree and set out lunch. She even brought iced coffee. "So, how do you like Edenton? Think you'll stick around out here?"
Fallon rolled her eyes, but there was a twinkle. "Look, I know what you're trying to do, and as long as you don't think I'm hooking up with Brody, we're good. Okay? I'll stay. Just no setting me up. Got it?"
Oh, Jess didn't think. She knew. "Don't worry. I'm not doing anything." Nothing she hadn't already set in motion, that is. As long as Fallon stayed in Brody's apartment, she was going to fall for him. It was inevitable. "The apartment isn't so bad, is it?"
Fallon shook her head. "No. And Brody's a good guy. Everything I need is in the apartment. I'll just avoid him if he becomes a pain." Fallon picked up a sandwich, but met Jess' gaze. "I honestly didn't have a clue where I was going last night. I had every intention to keep driving until I was too tired to keep going." Fallon glanced away for a moment and shrugged before looking back at Jess. "I'll only say this once. I'm glad you set this up." She took a deep breath, and Jess saw the pain in Fallon's eyes. "Just one question, why the hell didn't either of you tell me Jamie was moving up?"
Well damn, now Jess felt shitty for hurting Fallon. "I'm sorry we didn't. I just knew things between you and Isaac were coming to an end, and I didn't want you to think I was manipulating anything."
Fallon snorted, amusement lightening her tone. "You did though. I didn't even have to interview for a job. And the guy who crashed into me just happened to have an empty apartment."
"I did try to warn you about the crash," she replied.
"Okay, fine."
"I had nothing to do with the apartment being available. And even if I hadn't talked to Adam, Gabriel would have when he found out you were up here. I only let him know you were going to be in town since I knew they were looking for a new artist. I didn't really do anything that meddlesome."
"But you guys didn't tell me Jamie was moving up here," Fallon said softly, clearly hurt by the omission.
Jess reached over and squeezed her hand. "Only because I knew you would wind up stuck up here, and you would have fought against fate if you knew. We're both hoping you're staying here." She smiled. "Besides I keep having visions starring you in Edenton. Don't worry. I won't share any of them."
"Good. I hate it when you go all prophet on me." Fallon squeezed back and let go. "I guess this will be like old times."
"I am sorry we didn't tell you. I just really wanted you up here. I miss you."
"You too. But maybe if you had just told me, I would have moved sooner."
"Liar." Jess teased.
"Okay, maybe not." Fallon laughed. "I am looking forward to our girl's night. I'll bring the chili if you supply the alcohol."
Chapter 5


Fallon was finally finished cleaning up her station and was anxious to get some news about her motorcycle. Brody had called shortly after leaving Inktastic, but she was already working on Slater's tattoo. So she told Adam she would call back, but she had back to back clients, and a surprise lunch date with Jess.
Now she was anxious to talk to Brody. She found Adam at the table sketching two doves. Leaning in, she took a closer look. "Very pretty."
"Thank you." He smiled up at her.
"I'm done for the night, so I'm just going to head over to find out how long before I have my motorcycle back."
Adam chuckled and his brow arched. "That's all? Just to see your bike?"
Rolling her eyes, she started for the door. "Of course. I hate being without a ride."
"My brother will give you all the rides you want." He winked and she flipped him off. He was such a twit. "Later Fallon."
She pushed the door open and stepped into the warm spring evening. The fresh mountain air was a pleasant change from San Francisco. For the first time in years, she was out of the city, and was starting to realize how good it felt to be surrounded by the forest and earth instead of cement and smog.
Fallon took her time walking the three blocks to Brody's shop, and came to a stop to look up at the hand painted sign above the door. The words Brody's Customs and Repair were curved over the top of a painted motorcycle. The same logo was etched into the window of the door.
She stepped inside and admired the warm space. Her gaze roved over the room, taking in the framed pictures of a variety motorcycles, though most were Harley Davidsons. There was a long wooden counter with two large ferns placed on either side, and a little man perched on a stool behind the counter.
He stood with a welcoming smile. Her first impression was that he was a brownie. Not the dessert, but one of the fae. Maybe it was his leathery brown skin, or muddy brown hair and wise eyes.
"Evening, Fallon, dear." His eyes sparkled with joy. His melodic accent reminded her of other fae. "I do believe you are a sight for sore eyes. I even understand the smile on the lad's face when he came in this morn."
"Really?" She tilted her head, wondering what Brody told him. "And you are?"
"Oh, my, I am dreadfully sorry, lass. I am Phineas Brown." The name was appropriate. With a wink, he nodded back to the door leading to the garage. "Brody mentioned you were coming in and said to send you back. I think he's about done for the day."
"Thank you." She slipped through the door.
There were three lifts, but two were empty. The closest held her bike. Brody stood next to her motorcycle as he removed a part of the engine. She watched his muscles strain against his shirt as he turned to greet her. "Hello, Fallon."
"Hey." She frowned at her bike. Most of the body was off the frame, and pieces of the engine were taken apart. By her estimation, it was bad. "How is she?"
"Not bad." He nodded at her Harley and the corners of his mouth lifted in a smile. "I should have her ready by Wednesday, as long as the parts get here on time."
"Really?" She took another dubious look at her motorcycle.
He shrugged. "Body damage always looks worse than it is." He took a step toward her and changed the subject. "I hear they put you to work right away."
"Yeah, I only left because they ran out of clients."
"What about me? Think you'd be willing to give me a tattoo?" He put his hands in his back pockets and wet his lips.
"Sure. I've only seen the one here." Fallon pointed to the back of her shoulder. She saw his wolf's head the night before. Considering he was naked when she met him, she would have noticed more. Still, she had to ask. "Do you have any others?"
"Not yet, but I've been considering more for an awfully long time." His gaze dropped to inspect his hands. "Sarah never liked tattoos much, so I never put much more thought into them." Her brow quirked up and he rushed to explain. "Slater wants any wolf interested in a ward to get in to see you ASAP. And like I said, I've been considering more for years."
Fallon talked countless people out of tattooing a name into their skin if they weren't totally committed to that person. Not putting any tattoo on your body for the one you loved made hell of a lot more sense than branding yourself with a passing phase.
She nodded. "When were you thinking? And do you have something in mind?"
"I do. In fact Adam drew the design the same time he drew my wolf. Sarah wasn't very thrilled, so I never had Adam do the piece." He shrugged. "It was important to her, so while she was here the ink really didn't seem important."
She smiled softly. "She saw you every day. You're sweet to consider her point of view."
He looked into her eyes. "Have you ever let someone else dictate what you wore on your body?"
"No." She snorted. "But I would consider it for the right person." She bit her tongue, wishing she had kept her mouth shut. She didn't believe that person existed.
He searched her face as he prowled toward her. "Never been in love?"
"No, never." She swallowed hard and attempted to break free of the stare that was pulling her under. "I'm not sure I'm made for love."
"Why not?" he asked in a soft purr that shivered down her spine.
Shrugging, she had to think for a minute which was hard to do when he looked at her that way. "I've never felt so much for someone I was willing to give everything. Never needed someone so bad I couldn't walk away."
"Hmm." His curious gaze never left hers as he walked past her to wash up. "Fair enough. Sorry if that was too personal." The hint of sadness in his voice tugged on her heart. He looked down to wash his hands and asked, "You don't mind doing the tattoo tonight?"
"Not at all." She turned back to her bike, wishing he didn't affect her so strongly. "It was a short day. When were you thinking?"
"Now, if you don't mind. Before dinner." There was a teasing edge to his low, slightly breathy voice. Goddess, everything about the man turned her on. Why did he have to be so damned charming, and considerate?
"Not at all. Are we walking or driving?"
"Let's walk."
Fallon exited through the open garage door and found herself in the alley between his building and the next. She walked to the street. Brody stopped to lock up, but caught up easily. Neither of them said anything as they made their way down the street.
Before she could get to the door at Inktastic, he rushed past her to open it. "After you, sugar." He swept his arm inside with a dangerous little grin.
Snorting, she raised a single brow as she passed. "For the record, I can open my own door, and I'm not that sweet."
"See now, I have a hard time believing that. 'Cause you smell awfully sweet from here," He purred, his voice making her whole body crave contact with his. She reminded herself of all the reasons she wasn't getting involved with anyone, especially Brody.
"Damn." Adam smirked with a devilish gleam in his eyes. "I guess I forgot to mention my little brother wanted a piece. I didn't remember until just now"
She knew Adam didn't forget. Still, his choice of words amused her as much as they irritated her. "It was a short day. I don't mind. He mentioned you have a design he wanted."
"I'll be right back." He nodded at Brody before disappearing into the office to find the design.
"I'm going to set up," Fallon said, and walked back to her room to set up her gear. For some stupid reason she was nervous which was stupid. Maybe she should have asked him to wait for the tattoo, to give her time to build the immunity to his charm. Too late now, and this would be just like all the other sessions, she told herself.
"Why so tense?" Brody asked from the door. She turned back to see the caution written all over him.
Taking a deep breath, she smiled weakly. She wasn't sure how to answer. Men didn't get under her skin the way he did. "I don't know what to make of you."
He shoved his hands in his pockets. "I'm sorry. I don't mean to push, but I'm drawn to you. I'll behave." He dropped his eyes to the floor.
Damn her, but she wanted to wipe away his doubts. "Don't worry about it." Feeling uncomfortable, she changed the subject. "So where do you want the tattoo?"
He cleared his throat, and glanced away. "I always thought right here would be a good place." He ran a finger over the hollow of his hip and she fought to keep her expression neutral. "I can change the placement if that's awkward." There was a blush on his face when he met her gaze.
She couldn't help laughing. "Brody, I've tattooed much more intimate parts than your hip." Only, she hadn't felt anything for those people. She wasn't sure exactly what she felt, but she was feeling something she hoped faded soon.

* * * *

About an hour later, his beautiful temptress was kneeling between his thighs. Brody's jeans were open three buttons and pushed down enough to let Fallon know he wasn't wearing a damned thing underneath. He felt a little guilty for that, but he never bothered with underwear and hadn't really considered having the tattoo done so soon, not until Adam told him about Slater and the other enforcers coming in for their tattoos. He shouldn't have been jealous. But he was, and in a big way.
Fallon was wreaking hell on his self-control as he stared down at her. The way she held her full bottom lip in her teeth and how her eyes narrowed in on her work was really fucking sexy. The way her hand framed the piece drove him crazy, as her breath danced across his skin. He had to think of mutilated animals and dead babies to keep from getting hard, especially when her hands were right there. He knew Tomahawk was standing in the room but his eyes were locked on her.
"Fallon," Tom said, "I think I need you to put a panther just a little further down and more toward center." Brody wanted to beat that idea out of the shaman.
She rolled her eyes. "You already have a panther on your arm. You'll look like a dumbass if you add another." Her voice had a sultry rasp Brody could listen to all night.
"I can come up with another design," Tom teased.
Brody shot him a look. "I thought you had a fox there. You said something about that being Darla's animal."
"Oh, yeah." Tom chuckled.
"Don't worry. I know Tom's full of shit." Fallon winked at Brody.
Tom laughed. "So, Dakota says you aren't a healer. I thought all druids were healers?"
Fallon laughed. "No. Though, most heal better than I can. There are a few druids who heal as well as your brother. But why are you asking? You're a shaman and you can't do what Dakota does."
"Good point. I just figured with the wards you do, you would be able to heal."
"You ward, but you don't heal." Fallon shrugged.
"I can't do anything close to what you do."
"Our magic is different, but what you do is pretty much the opposite of what your twin does."
Brody looked up at Tom.
The prick arched one brow and switched gears. "I can just see you at Stonehenge on the Solstice."
Brody caught a flash of emerald when she rolled her eyes. "No. I'm not one of those druids who braid wildflowers into my hair and dances naked in the moonlight with a bunch of women. So you can get that image out of your head."
"Oh, I bet you were a hippie though. Did you go to Woodstock?"
She laughed and her breath skated across Brody's belly. He had to bite back a groan. "Yes." Her eyes cut over to Tom and back to her work. "Fine, you can picture me naked and dancing there, but with a ton of other people. Oh, don't forget, I was covered in mud. I didn't have as many tattoos, and my hair was ridiculously long."
"I bet you were a hit with the bands." Tom snickered.
Another of Fallon's laughs tickled his senses. "I was too busy living the music to be a groupie. You should have seen Sweetwater, or maybe Santana, and Janis Joplin was amazing. Oh, can't forget Hendrix. Goddess, I saw so many great performances."
"You were naked with everyone though. You can't tell me that wasn't fun." Tom grinned.
She sighed. "It rained and rained. After a while, it made more sense to go naked than stay in muddy, wet clothes."
Just what Brody needed, more images of Fallon wet and naked, and throw in dancing. He laid his head back and stared at the ceiling, trying desperately to blank his mind.
"Really?" Tom chuckled. "Any other druids with you?"
"Gabe, and don't get any ideas. He was busy with the phoenix woman he brought along. We showed up together, but I didn't see him again until I met him at the car at the very end."
The front bells rang, and Brody smelled the sickeningly sweet odor of Dacia. Oh damn. She was the last person he wanted to see.
Brody gave Tom a look of warning and nodded toward the door.
"Where is he?" Dacia's voice was like icy bells in the bitter wind. She had to show up here, when he was about a millimeter away from being exposed to the hottest woman he'd ever laid eyes on. The whole situation had trouble written all over it.
Fallon ignored Dacia clicking down the hall in her stripper heels. He did catch the slightest whiff of jealousy from Fallon. He laid his head back and pressed his lips together to keep from smiling.
Fallon was interested after all. That one detail made his day. He knew she'd try to put some distance between them. Brody wasn't going to let her without a good reason. He would take things nice and slow, get to know her, and wait until she was ready. They had a connection even if she couldn't admit it yet.
Adam snapped, "You don't want to disturb Fallon. She's back there working magic." There was stomping and more clicking. "Come on Dacia, don't make me get Tomahawk out here to escort you out."
Brody looked up and saw Tom smirk from just behind Fallon. He knew Tom would throw the drama queen over his shoulder and toss her out like yesterday's garbage. Fallon just had to say the word.
Dacia snarled, "Back off, I just want to make sure he's all right after the vampires attacked him. No little girl could have stopped those piece of shit fangers."
Brody groaned, and Fallon glanced up with a vicious little smirk on her lips. She looked over her shoulder at Tom. "Do me a favor and keep her out of my space. I'm almost done and I don't want the distraction." Her tone was so calm.
Tom chuckled and moved to block the door. "Should I let her watch from the door? I could just throw her out if you want."
"As long as she isn't in my space, I don't care."
Dacia appeared in the doorway, but Adam was in front of her, trying to push her back down the hall. Fury glittered in her dark eyes as she tried to shove Adam out of the way. Tomahawk filled most of the frame, his arms crossed over his chest.
Dacia broke free of Adam and paused to smooth a hand over her black hair and straighten her too short skirt before trying to scoot around Tom, who caught her and held her by the shoulder to keep her back with a tsking sound. Adam was right behind her trying to hold her back.
"Let me in. I want to see that Brody is okay with my own eyes," Dacia sneered.
Adam warned, "Don't do this Dacia. Not right now. Fallon is working on your favorite fantasy, so leave them both alone. They'll be at the bar tonight and you can meet her then."
Thank God. Adam had his back, but Brody had to wonder why the dumbass used those words. No one needed Dacia to be more volatile than she normally was.

* * * *

Dacia was livid. That skank sat between his legs. All she had to do was tug Brody's half open jeans and she could do whatever she pleased. Brody was letting her, after complaining for years that he wasn't ready for anyone. She had waited forever to have another chance at him, and now this hussy was cutting in line.
Fallon's long red curls cascaded down her back. She had an hourglass figure, even though her colorful arms were rock solid and her denim clad legs were shapely. She was nothing like Sarah. Yet, Brody obviously wanted a piece.
Clint came by her office to gossip with some story about this druid she couldn't believe. She couldn't stand the little prick, but he always had the best news. He told Dacia about Brody being attacked by the Dales. Then she found out about the silver coated fangs, and thought, just maybe, she'd be able to take care of him until he healed. Except, some woman managed to heal the silver damage, which wasn't even possible. And to top it off, she was the same living coloring book he was ogling in one of Jess' tattoo magazines just last week.
What the fuck was that about?
Fallon yanked his pants down even more and her needle dipped lower. Dacia didn't miss the way Brody's breath caught, or the way his thighs flexed under the bitches arms.
Dacia erupted, "You fucking whore!"
Fallon didn't even respond. Nothing.
That was it. Dacia tried to shove past Tom, who pushed her. Adam grabbed her around the waist and hauled her back before she could swing at Tom.
"Oh, hell no," Adam snapped at her, and tried to drag her down the hall.
She stomped on his foot with the heel of her shoe. He let her go with a groan, and hopped around like a baby. Dacia fixed Tom with a look, but he folded his arms over his chest and glared back.
"I'll just look," she said harshly.
Tom shook his head and stood his ground.
She placed one hand on the doorframe and looked over his shoulder. Fallon was still sitting there, cool as ice.
Brody sat up and glared at Dacia over Fallon's shoulder. "Dacia, it's a tattoo. Now back the fuck off. Fallon's just finishing up. You can see the piece when she's done."
Fallon looked up, placed a hand on his chest and pushed him down. "Hold still, Brody." She had a voice made for phone sex.
Then he smiled down at her before he sat back in the reclined chair.
Dacia hated Fallon from the second she saw Brody staring at her pictures, but now she loathed the woman. She was going to find a way to end his infatuation before it got started.

* * * *

Fallon couldn't believe Dacia's audacity. Tom had told her about Dacia and her obsession with Brody. He didn't explain how unhinged the woman was. She looked up at the mirror and saw Dacia standing just past Tom in the hall.
The brunette was tall, but wore skyscraper heels. Who the hell wears stilettos in the sticks? Her hair was perfect and her makeup was expertly applied. Her skirt was just a little too short, and her blouse a little too tight for her long slender frame. Fallon was tempted to feed her one of Jess' ginormous club sandwiches.
Somehow, Dacia didn't look like Brody's type. Or, maybe Fallon just hoped she was more his flavor. Didn't matter, she would not jump into bed with him.
"Fallon, huh?" Dacia's high pitched tone was hostile.
"That's me." She couldn't help herself. She tugged his pants down another millimeter, just to see what Dacia would do. Brody sucked in a breath, and his whole body tensed. Okay, that was a bad idea, she realized. Teasing Brody was not her intention.
Dacia shrieked, "Why the hell do you keep pulling his pants down?"
Fallon shrugged. "This is where he wanted the tattoo, so this is where it's going." She finished the last little bit and swiped a damp towel over the pattern.
There was a sudden charge in the air and Fallon knew it was coming from Dacia. The energy had the same feel as a poorly trained witch who couldn't control their magic, only there was an elemental feel to it. Fallon wondered if Dacia knew how to control her magic, or if she didn't care who figured out what she was. They were in Edenton after all.
Fallon stood up and glanced back at Dacia, but kept her gloves on to avoid having to shake her hand. Obviously, psycho chick wanted a fight, but Fallon didn't want to play.
Dacia started in again. "What? You won't look me in the eye or talk to me? What kind of a slut are you? We all saw that magazine showing off every inch of your shitty tattoos." She batted her eyes and taunted. "Did you let a five year old play with markers because you were ashamed of your body?"
A few petty insults wouldn't get a rise out of her. Besides, all three men laughed out loud.
Tomahawk blurted out, "Do you see her curves? She's fucking hot, and you're just jealous." Dacia tried to shove Tom who held her back with one hand.
Fallon shot Tom a look because he wasn't helping. Then she gave Dacia full eye contact. "Look, I'm cleaning up. Why don't you see what you think of Brody's tattoo? Then, if you want to talk, we can." Flipping her hair over her shoulder, Fallon went about her routine.
Dacia honestly stomped her foot and huffed, but Fallon ignored her. "Fine." Dacia turned back to Brody, her eyes locking on him with malice. "You won't give me the time of day, and you'll let her hang all over you? Touching all of you?" She was a hairs breath from yelling.
"Jesus Christ, Dacia. It's a warded tattoo, and none of your damned business." Brody growled. "I've told you a million times I'm not interested."
"You are such an asshole," she snarled.
Fallon had to wonder what the fuck was wrong with her. What a way to catch a man. She pulled her gloves off, trying to ignore the interchange. Brody could deal with his own problem.
She took some ointment out and handed the small tub to Brody. The salve was her special recipe, and held a bit of magic. The ink you used on werewolves slowed the healing process down enough for the ink to set, but the salve would speed it right back up.
"Use a little ointment on the tattoo now, and again in the morning." Her expression was bland for Dacia's benefit. "I'm sure the piece will be healed by tomorrow."
Dacia snarled. "Why bother restraining yourself? You could just smear that goop on him. You know you want to."
"What is your problem, Dacia?" Brody growled, taking a menacing step toward the brunette. His reaction set Fallon at ease, but she really wanted to know what Dacia's deal was.
"I don't see a mark on you, except for that." She flapped her hand at the new tattoo. "That is the ugliest damned thing I have ever seen."
"Actually, I love it. Fallon did an amazing job, better than I imagined." Brody looked down with a sexy grin and ran his fingers over the design. Fallon's mouth watered and she cursed herself. He glanced up at Dacia, and slowly buttoned his fly. Great, now he was taunting the woman. "Besides, Adam drew the piece up seven years ago when I first became a werewolf. Fallon didn't even design the tattoo."
"Still ugly," she hissed.
"Fine. You came, you saw. I'm perfectly healthy, so why don't you just leave?"
She stepped back from Tomahawk, and crossed her arms under her small breasts lifting them as if to draw his attention. Her attempt didn't work. In fact Fallon noticed the muscle in Brody's jaw tighten and his gaze never wavered.
Dacia narrowed her eyes. "I thought vampires attacked you? Bit you? Nearly tore your arm off? Those vamps were supposed to have silver caps. So, why did everyone lie? Is it because you were busy fucking the new little inked up piece of ass."
Fallon was pissed. She wanted to clock Dacia for assuming she'd waltz into town and fuck the first man she saw. She stalked over to the doorway and stared Dacia down. Her tone was deadly calm. "I don't know what anyone told you, but I'm not fucking anyone. Brody was attacked. I happened to heal his wounds and kill the vampires who attacked him."
Dacia laughed bitterly. "Bullshit. Not even Dakota could have healed silver damage. You don't look special. You're just a little freak with all your ink."
Fallon rolled her gaze to Adam. "Adam, you'd be wise to keep her out of my station. I don't think Dacia and I are going to get along." She calmly went back to cleaning up, completely dismissing Dacia.
"Bitch, please, like you stand a chance." Dacia challenged. When Fallon didn't bother looking back, Dacia tried slip past Tomahawk who caught her around the middle, and dragged her kicking and screaming, out of the shop.
Adam and Brody shared a look and chuckled.
"You can't throw me out," she screamed. Brody and Adam kept laughing. The bells rang, the door shut, and then she heard the pounding on the door. Adam left the room, turning toward the back, probably to lock that door as well.

* * * *

Brody wasn't sure what to say to Fallon as he watched her put away her gear.
Fallon casually looked over. "So, who is she?"
Brody plowed his hand through his hair. "A mistake. She's been trying to seduce me for a decade." Disgusted with himself, he groaned. "Dacia doesn't take a hint."
"Not your type?" She snorted, clearly amused.
His brow quirked up and one corner of her delectable mouth curved up in satisfaction. "No, and that makes you happy, doesn't it?" He asked.
With a shrug, she looked away. "It shouldn't."
"But it does." He couldn't help moving a little closer, but fought the temptation to reach out and touch her.
"Yeah. Don't be smug. I'm still not ready for anyone," she muttered.
Kind of hard not to be when he knew he had a chance. He couldn't stop grinning, and a smile snuck back on her kissable lips as she turned away.
"Just a warning," Brody told her. "She'll be at the bar later. She'll get drunk and either try to slither all over me or start a fight with you. Maybe both."
"I'm not going to participate. She strikes me as the type who fights like a girl. And I sure as hell don't." Fallon stared at her nails. "I won't take the bait. Why, are you chickening out?" Her eyes rose to his with a challenge.
"Oh, no." He couldn't wait to see her bent over a pool table. Besides, bringing her into his circle of friends was a good way to show her he wasn't like the asshole she left. "Just wanted you to know what to expect. You seem the sort to knock her into next week."
Adam and Tom both came back. "Wow, I haven't seen her that pissed in a long time." Adam laughed out loud.
"Guess I get her special treatment." She batted those mile long scarlet lashes at them.
Tom laughed. "Oh, I don't know. I'm not even sure Dacia was this bad back when Sarah sashayed into Brody's life. Funny how she gets when someone shows up who could steal his attention."
"Not like I'm stealing anything. She never had his attention." Fallon's tone was snarky, but then her eyes popped wide and she quickly added, "Not that it matters." She brushed past them and turned toward the front door.
Adam and Tom looked at each other and bust out laughing.
Brody stepped past the guys and caught her around the waist. He couldn't resist pulling her against his chest to feel her close, but he released her immediately. "Not out the front," he whispered in her ear and fought back the desire to lick her pulse point to see if she tasted as good as she smelled. "She's waiting for us there. We can go out the back." With a hand on her shoulder, he brought her outside. He'd moved his truck there before heading to his shop that morning.
Fallon cut her gaze to him. "You didn't drive?"
He shrugged. "The sun was out and I felt like walking."
They climbed into the truck. Once he was on the road, Fallon narrowed her eyes at him. "Why do you look so pleased with yourself?"
Brody knew he couldn't tell her that he knew she wanted him. She wasn't ready to let him in, so he went with the other half of the truth. "I know how much Dacia offended you, but you were cool and didn't rise to the bait."
"Hmph, I don't do cat fights. I'm more likely to be in a bar brawl."
Brody opened his mouth, and promptly shut it. After last night, he knew that was the truth. Every little thing he learned about her drew him a little more.
Curiosity made her eyes sparkle. "What?"
"You're a breath of fresh air. Adam and Tom are both impressed, and that isn't easy to do."
"Tom's a flirt, and your brother is pretty cool."
His hands cranked down around the steering wheel as he stared at the road. "Tom's taken and Adam is getting married in a couple weeks."
An impish smile played on her lips. "I know. They aren't my type anyway." She looked away. "Besides, men play fewer games than women do."
"Like Dacia?"
"Yeah, like Dacia. What was that? I mean I get wanting you." Her eyes slowly passed over his body. "Because, look at you. What woman wouldn't? But she's obsessed and clearly deranged."
Brody was so caught up in the heat of her gaze that he almost missed the comment about Dacia. Patience. He needed to take this slow.
He took a deep breath and decided to just put it out there. As much as he wished he could forget, he knew Dacia would never let him. "There was a time I wasn't so discriminating about who I took to bed. I went out with Dacia a couple times, wound up in bed with her once, and only once." Brody pulled the truck into the garage and shook his head. "I've regretted it ever since." That was no lie.
"Hey, been there, done that. Just let me run my boxes up." Fallon hopped out and grabbed two of the boxes from the back of his truck. Brody grabbed the other two and followed her stellar ass up the stairs.

* * * *

Fallon and Brody deposited the boxes inside her closet, and then stepped back into the bedroom. Awkward silence filled the space as their gazes locked. Fallon cleared her throat. "So, I'm just going to grab a sweater." She turned back to the closet. "I seem to be attracting a lot of attention with all my tattoos."
It sounded like a good excuse and she did have a lot of ink. The attention was the problem, though. She could normally tune it out. By the time lunch was over, Fallon had her fill of attention for the month. Now she wanted a little anonymity.
Brody caught her wrist, running a finger over the snout of the wolf on her forearm. His light touch sent a shiver through her entire body. "I like the ink," he admitted in a gravelly voice. "They're only staring because they want to see your tattoos up close and in the flesh." She looked over her shoulder at him and was captured in his smoldering gaze. Her heart stopped. He licked his lips and she had to bite back a whimper. "Jess probably showed the whole town that magazine."
That might explain some of the attention. She was buckass naked for the entire shoot. "Shit. Back in San Francisco, the photos weren't a big deal, but now I'm wondering why I agreed to the spread." Shaking her head, she stepped into the closet to hide the blush she couldn't fight. He didn't immediately drop her arm. Brody just let his fingers trail down her wrist, hand and then fingers, sending a tingle through her nerves. She missed the contact the second it ended.
His sinfully delicious voice was like a caress. "I've got to say, I think every man who looked at those pictures liked what they saw." When she looked back, he grinned again. "Don't worry, I'll behave myself. I just won't promise any other man will."	
Goddess, Brody was turning her on. She badly needed a subject change. "How do you like your new tattoo?"
"I already told you, I love it." His fingers disappeared under his waistband to run over the ink. Apparently, that topic wasn't any better because she could see the outline of his erection. "You're amazing, Fallon. You're so damned talented."
Whoo boy. She mentally fanned herself. "Thank you, but you have a very talented brother, and Tomahawk's no slouch either."
"Yeah, but I'd rather look at a beautiful redhead while the tattoo needle's humming."
Okay, she needed him to stop with the compliments, and nodded at the door. "Go. I'll come find you in a few."
She knew she was in trouble when she watched him leave. She really wanted to call him back. Damn Jess and her planning. Fallon just needed to keep her shit together because this was a passing lust. At least she hoped so, but what she felt for Brody wasn't like anything that came before.
Memories washed over her as she looked through the boxes. She found her laptop, some towels, all of her clothes, and her stash of cash.
Fallon couldn't help smiling as she picked up the blanket she had crocheted with her mother. The afghan quilt was probably the ugliest thing she ever saw. They spent every night for a month curled up by the fireplace, drinking hot chocolate while working on little squares in all different colors.
There was a stack of sketchbooks dating all the way back to when she was just a kid. Anytime Gabriel visited and noticed she was having a bad day, he'd bring her a book and colored pencils. He'd tell her, "Draw, babydoll. Get the emotion out. Your art will make you feel better." Drawing always worked too.
Then she came to a couple of binders from her old shop. They were filled with some of her best work. If she didn't know better, she'd think Gabriel was trying to get rid of her. Before he left the shop, he gave her a heartfelt goodbye, and told her she belonged up here. She was going to miss the old man. Maybe he was right though. She felt more at peace than she had since she lived in the Rockies with her Mom. Gabriel lived right next door then. Maybe being close to nature was what she was missing.
Chapter 6


Fallon left her sweater and jacket back at home because Brody seemed to like what she wore. She had touched up her lipstick and braided her hair to keep it out of the way before going to find him.
The ride back to the bar was too quiet. Brody snuck several lingering glances at her, leaving her flustered. She felt like a freaking schoolgirl for the first time ever.
As soon as he parked the truck, she climbed out, desperate to escape the awkward silence. Then she waited for him, feeling stupid all over again.
"You seem nervous," Brody murmured.
Well, shit. Fallon couldn't really lie to a werewolf. So she shrugged. "I'm not used to being around a lot of humans, and I know half your group is." That was only a small part of her unease. The majority was her reaction to Brody who was getting under her skin, but she would never admit it. She'd get her wayward thoughts under control sooner or later.
"You know the guys already," he said with a hint of smile and nodded to the door. "I think you'll like the women. They're all easy to get along with."
Fallon really hoped he was right. She started for the bar, and Brody walked beside her. He even let her get the door herself, even though his hand twitched like he wanted to open it.
In 2 Deep was busy. She could feel the ambient energy from all the different Others. Everyone left traces of energy wherever they went, but Other energy was stronger. Fallon could feel the vibrations, and even use the energy to fuel her spells. There was a vibrant feel to the building's atmosphere.
Jess was behind the bar serving someone, but she waved as soon as she saw Fallon, who waved back. Brody placed a hand at the small of her back and led her through the crowd to the table where Adam and company were set up at the corner pool table.
Brody lifted a hand. "Hey guys."
"Hi." Fallon nodded in greeting and took an empty stool. Brody sat right beside her, maybe a little too close.
"Hey, Fallon." Tom grinned and began introductions. "Ladies, this is Fallon, our new artist. She woefully puts me to shame if you compare my enchanted tattoos with hers." He mock pouted, his dark eyes twinkling.
"And this lovely lady is Darla, the love of my life." Tomahawk stood just behind Darla, his arms wrapped around her waist. She was the quintessential girl next door, with soft brown hair and big amber eyes. Fallon expected Tom's girlfriend to be more colorful, but she had no visible tattoos or piercings.
"Nice to meet you." A flush crept up Darla's cheeks.
"You too." Fallon smiled back.
"And this vibrant woman is Danika." Tom teased. "She's marrying Adam in a couple weeks, if she doesn't come to her senses and run screaming."
Adam just rolled his eyes and kissed Danika's temple.
Danika sat next to Fallon with Adam leaning beside her. Her hair was short, spiky, and dyed a vivid shade of blue to match her eyes. She rocked a funky tie-dyed dress and wore a vibrant half sleeve of tropical flowers, humming birds and butterflies.
Grinning, she nudged Fallon's shoulder with her own. "I've heard a lot about you." Her gaze flipped to Adam, then Brody and back to Fallon with a wink "You sound like my kind of woman. You don't put up with Tommy's bullshit, and the guys say you're pretty stellar with the needles."
Fallon had a feeling they were going to get along. "Yeah, I just roll with the punches, and flip their shit right back."
"And here's Jolene." Tomahawk squeezed her arm with warm affection. "We've missed Jolene so much I almost feel like I should reintroduce her to everyone." Tomahawk gave her a one armed hug and patted her round belly, making her giggle.
Dakota was cuddled next to Jolene who was beauty pageant stunning, with long platinum blond hair. She wore a pink empire waist dress that flowed around her and enhanced her warm glow. She met Fallon's gaze. "Nice to meet you."
"Thanks." Fallon rubbed her hands up and down her thighs, feeling a little out of place. Darla and Jolene seemed so normal and conservative. She wasn't sure she would fit in with them. At least Danika seemed to be a kindred spirit.
Then Fallon realized she wanted Brody's friends to like her. She forced a smile and tried not to think about how pathetic she was over him.
Adam smirked. "Fallon tells me she's going to school us at pool. I don't think she knows what she's getting herself into."
Fallon arched a single eyebrow. "Oh, just wait until the games begin."
Tom smirked. "How about you and I first? I'll rack"
"You're on."

* * * *

Brody leaned over, putting his mouth close enough to her ear to drown in her scent. It had to be a crime to smell as good as she did. "What would you like to drink, sugar?"
She shivered almost imperceptibly. "Beer. Whatever is fine, I'm not picky."
"Sure thing." He stood and made his way to the bar.
Adam caught up with him. "You know, I think you're getting under her skin."
"Why's that?" Brody tried to sound disinterested. He failed.
"Anytime Tom or I mentioned your name, she'd get this little grin and look away like she was thinking something naughty."
"Oh, just stop," he snapped. His brother wasn't helping. "I'm having a hard enough time keeping my hands to myself when she's close. And having her in my lap for an hour with her hands right next to my dick didn't fucking help." But then again, he didn't think it mattered where the tattoo was placed, just having her hands on his skin shredded his control. He rubbed the back of his neck.
"You're the dumbass who chose your hip." Adam laughed and glanced back at the table. "But don't worry. I saw the look in her eyes when you leaned in to ask what she wanted."
Brody shot Adam a look before ordering a pitcher of beer.
"Oh, get this. Clint was in the chair while Fallon worked a dragon into his ribs. That has to be the worst place for a tattoo, hurts like a bitch, and you know how he loves pain." Adam shuddered.
"Do you have a point?" Brody asked through clenched teeth. The idea of her hands on that prick made his blood boil. Slater, Simons, even Mark, no big deal. All three of them were happily mated or married, and she had to touch people for a living. Clint, however, got off on pain, and he was such a little sleaze ball.
Adam laughed. "Well, he came onto Fallon, and she shut him down hard."
That fact cooled his temper, until they got back over to the table where she was bent over, getting ready to break. Clint sauntered up behind her, leaning over her to whisper in her ear as he wrapped his hands around her hips and stepped into her body.
A deep growl rumbled low in his chest as he shot toward Clint in the blink of an eye. Slater caught Brody around the chest and hauled him back while Hayden stepped into his path with a raised brow and his arms crossed over his chest.
"Chill," Slater snarled in his alpha voice, and Brody had no choice but to freeze, even though he desperately wanted to beat the shit out of Clint.
Fallon threw her head back into Clint's face and he heard the sickening crunch of his nose breaking. Then she rammed her cue into Clint's junk. He stumbled back, landing in a heap on the floor.
She spun around with fire in her eyes. "Don't ever fucking touch me!"
"Come on, now. I meant no harm. I just wanted to get to know you better," he purred, running the back of his hand across his bloody mouth. "Dance with me, I'll buy you a drink. Hell, anything you want, Fallon."
Her fists landed on her hips as her eyes narrowed down to slits. "Last warning. Take the hint and get lost."
Frowning, Clint stumbled to his feet. "Come find me when you change your mind, red." She gave him a fiery look and he limped away
Brody pulled away from Slater, and shoved Hayden out of his way in time for her to look in his direction. "You okay?"
Fallon rolled her eyes. "Now that the asshole is gone, just fine." She bent back over the table, and broke, sending two stripes into separate pockets.
"Damn it," Tom muttered as Brody fell into a seat. "Your girl's a pool shark and doesn't mind playing rough to get her point across." He laughed, glancing toward the bar. "Almost makes you feel bad for Clint. He's limping. Even a masochist doesn't like his jewels crushed."
Brody watched as Clint moved to the bar where Jess laughed at him. "Good. And she's not my girl." Yet.
Fallon was too busy steamrolling the table to pay attention.
"Yet," Danika laughed. "You didn't see the way she watched you walk up to the bar. She's tempted all right."
"Yeah." Hayden glanced at Fallon and back at Brody with concern. "What in the abyss is going on with you?"
Brody wasn't totally sure, but Fallon had him all twisted up inside. Slater raised a brow at him. There was a smirk on his face when he strolled over to the bar. Brody looked back to Hayden and shrugged. What the hell could he say without coming off like a jealous prick?
"I've never seen you like this," Hayden said.
Probably because Brody never acted like that, he wasn't the jealous type. This draw to Fallon was more intense than anything he had ever felt, and he didn't know what to think. She needed time, and he'd give it to her.
Fallon called side pocket and pulled off some fancy triple bank.
Tom gaped at Fallon. "Well shit."
Adam frowned. "I think you need to get her drunk so we might have a shot at winning a game."
Fallon set her cue aside and walked back with a cocky grin. "Still have doubts about my pool skills?"
"Oh, I think you've wiped them all away." Brody filled a mug that she took with a smile.
"Thank you." She drank half of her beer in a few gulps and gave Adam a look. "I only get better with alcohol."
Brody laughed. Man, Fallon was something else.

* * * *

Dacia fumed as she stomped up the front steps of her house. Fallon was going to steal Brody if Dacia didn't stop her. Brody was meant to be hers. Not some hussy from San Francisco with a perfect fucking body, and magic so strong she could feel the hum of her power from across a room.
Fallon didn't even look like Brody's dead wife, and he was always into brunettes in the past. Dacia was beautiful. Plus, she had a similar build to his wife, tall, thin, and beautiful. She wasn't as delicate as Sarah, but that didn't matter. She was definitely prettier than Fallon.
Hell, the redhead was covered in ink. Brody only had one tattoo because Sarah didn't like them. So why now?
The darkness seemed to close in on her, setting her hair on end as she walked up the steps to her porch. She froze, her instinct screaming at her to run, but she wasn't a coward.
Dacia threw open the door and stormed inside. Her gaze swept through the living room. There was nothing there, nothing she could see at least, but she felt eyes crawling over her like spiders.
"Who are you?" Dacia demanded.
A shadow stepped out of the hallway. The sound of his laugh was low and evil. "Does it matter?" His voice was cold and hollow. Dark shadows danced and swirled over the shape of a man, distorting his features. Icy tendrils of fear threaded through her.
What in the abyss is that?
She forced her bravado and crossed her arms over her chest as she scowled back at the creature. "Of course. Why should I trust someone I can't even see clearly?"
"Very well." The shadows melted away and seeped into the floor, leaving a tall gangly man, whose blue veins were a stark contrast to his pale skin. "I'm Malachi." When he smiled, she saw the pair of fangs coated in silver.
He was one of the Dales, the same group of vampires and dark mages notorious for running the illegal fighting ring a decade ago. They abducted all sorts of Others and forced them to combat against each other in cage fights whether or not they wanted to participate.
Her father had brought her to the underground arena to watch some of the battles. He told it was a lesson that groups like the Dales would sweep in and steal the strongest warriors who were too self-assured, just like her. As much as he used to warn her against her boastfulness, he was far worse than she ever was.
No one seemed to know who ran the Dales or how they even operated. One day, they just disappeared and no one heard from them until just a couple months ago.
She sneered, "And what do you want?"
"To work together, of course. You are a very clever and extremely beautiful woman, but someone is standing in the way of the one you want. I only want what you want. I want Fallon out of the picture. She belongs to me."
Dacia kept her face blank. She may hate Fallon, but she wasn't willing to hand her over to a Shadowstalker either. They were pure evil, and this one was ancient. His power resonated in her bones. "And why would I help you?"
"With Fallon out of the way, you can finally have Brody Dean. I can wipe away his misgivings about you. I can even make him want you and only you."
Sure, the bastard could mindfuck Brody into wanting her. Tempting, but whatever Brody felt wouldn't be real. He wouldn't be the same. She wanted him to want her for her.
No matter what the vampire did to Brody, he was too noble. Handing Fallon over would land Dacia on Brody's shit list. Not to mention that the Dales already tried to take him, and according to everyone, Fallon saved his ass. Dacia felt like she owed the woman something.
She shook her head. "The only thing I want is for you to leave me the fuck alone."
The shadows swirled up and around the vampire. "Think about what I said." His shadowed fingers traced the curve of her cheek, leaving an icy sensation that made her skin crawl. "I have ways to help you win Brody, but not if he has Fallon. I'll be seeing you." The darkness streaked out of the house and up into the sky.
With quaking knees, she shut and locked the door before taking a seat on the couch. She would get Fallon out of the picture without pissing off Brody.

* * * *

Fallon was pleasantly buzzed, waiting for her turn while she watched Brody bend over the table to line up a shot.
Danika hopped onto the stool next to her and smoothed out her skirt. She leaned over and placed her shot glass in Fallon's hand as she asked, "Like what you see?"
Fallon arched a single brow and whispered back. "Pregnant? Is it a secret?"
She nodded, and her gaze slid back to Brody. "I answered yours. Now answer mine."
Feigning innocence, Fallon batted her lashes. "Hmm?"
Twinkling blue eyes cut to her. "Don't play coy. He's obviously into you. This is the first time he's been interested in anyone since Sarah. He looks at you like you're the only woman who exists. Before you showed up, he didn't look at women at all." She motioned around the room. "In case you haven't noticed, he gets more than his fair share of admiration."
Fallon had. Two different women had offered to buy him a beer but he brushed them off. Another asked him to dance and he turned her down.
She knocked back the whiskey and looked Danika in the eye. "I just got out of a fucked up relationship. I'm not looking to be the rebound girl for a wolf who still misses his dead wife." She looked over at the man in question.
Brody was a great guy, and she'd be a fool not to realize that. The last thing she wanted to do was ruin him. "He needs a good woman. I'm not her."
"All right," Danika replied. "I'll drop it right after I say that I thought the same thing about Adam before I admitted what I felt for him." Dani nodded at the pool table. "Now go take your shot before Brody accuses me of meddling."
"You are." Fallon smirked but grabbed her cue.
Brody gave her a sexy grin as she walked past him. "Good luck with that shot."
He left the cue ball in a bad place, but she wasn't worried. No problem. She smiled back. "Hate to break it to you, but I don't need luck."
She glanced toward the door and watched Dacia walk in with an uppity blond. Fallon was having too much fun to worry about her.
The eight-ball was the only one she had left. She called corner pocket and made the shot in time for Dacia to walk over and sling an arm around Brody. Fallon wanted to slap her silly, but pretended not to see.
He threw Dacia's arm off and snarled something at her. Then the dumb hooker tried to run her hand over his chest, but Brody batted her away and backed up with a scowl.
Hiding her smile, Fallon set her cue against the table and told Danika, "I'm going for a drink."
Danika finger waved.
Fallon took the corner stool as Jess walked her way with an icy look pointed at their table.
Dacia only seemed to infuriate Brody, and that probably shouldn't have amused Fallon so much. Maybe if he was interested in the bimbo Fallon wouldn't be so tempted by him. Yeah, right. She had a feeling that seeing Brody with any woman would piss her off.
Jess snorted. "Dacia will never give up. She's pathetic."
"So I've heard." Fallon shrugged, trying to appear nonchalant. "I need a Long Island, pretty please."
"Sure," she tucked her hair behind her ears, "but are you sure you want something that strong? You had what? Five beers and two shots?"
Four shots spread out over almost three hours because Danika handed hers to Fallon, but she'd keep that to herself. "I'll be fine. Brody promised to get me home safe and sound." She winked.
"All right, and he will." Jess mixed her drink. "You two sure have some chemistry you know."
"Don't start. Danika is already on my case."
Jess slid her drink her way. "Give him a chance."
Fallon swiped her drink off the counter and glared at her best friend. "Maybe I need some time."
"Isaac is an ass." Jess drummed her fingers on the counter and narrowed her eyes. "Brody's different."
She was so over men and all the bullshit that came with them. Fallon threw some money on the counter, and stood. "Do me a favor and drop it."
"Fine, fine. Just don't let one bad relationship ruin something with so much potential." Jess glanced over at Brody, and opened her mouth to say something.
Fallon flipped her off as she turned. She walked back to the table, slurping down her drink as she went. Dacia stepped in front of her about halfway there, she wore a deadly glare. Her sidekick stood right next to her with a matching expression.
"What are you doing here?" Dacia snapped.
Between Jess and Dacia, her mood was ruined. Fallon sighed. "Enjoying a few games of pool." She moved to walk around the snotty, obsessed woman until Dacia put her hand on her shoulder. Fallon glared at the offending hand until Dacia removed it, and then in a low icy tone said, "You don't want to touch me."
"There a problem?" Brody asked in a low and deep voice. Fallon hoped ignoring Brody would diffuse the situation before it blew up.
Hayden stood next to Brody like he expected trouble. She had to wonder if Dacia was really stupid enough to think she would actually play along with the sheriff right there.
"About to be. The new slut wants a fight." The blond bimbo sneered.
"No." Fallon stepped to the side and met Hayden's dark gaze. "Actually, I have every intention of simply ignoring these two." Without looking back, she walked to their table.
Maybe the sheriff would keep Dacia in line. Okay, maybe not. The woman was deranged.
For half a second, Fallon entertained the idea of flirting with the sheriff to throw Dacia off the scent. He was big and brawny, with dark wavy hair and deep dark brooding eyes. He was one of those men who had perpetual five o'clock shadow. However, there were a few problems with that scenario. One, she had a problem with authority, and he was the sheriff. Two, the man did nothing for her. Three, she wasn't a good enough actress to pull it off.
Tom laughed as Fallon made her way back to the pool table. "She really doesn't like you."
"No shit," Fallon muttered.
Someone grabbed her braid, yanked her head back, and didn't let go. Fallon sat her empty glass down, grabbed Dacia's wrist and spun around, pressing into her pressure point. She squeezed harder as she glared back at Dacia, who finally let go with a cry of pain.
Fallon dropped her wrist. "Really, Dacia, you're embarrassing yourself. Brody is a big boy. He can make his own decisions. If you haven't noticed, I'm not standing in your way."
"Liar!" she screamed.
Closing her eyes, Fallon took a deep breath, and reminded herself that hitting this woman would only land her in jail. "I haven't had nearly enough alcohol for this." She glanced over at Brody, who now stood next to her. "I'll catch you guys later."
"What? Too chicken to fight a real woman?" Dacia barked.
With a cold laugh, Fallon moved right past them and started for the back door. The blond roughly grabbed her arm as Dacia stepped in front and tried to push her. Fallon closed her eyes, took a deep breath, drawing in all the loose ambient energy. She pushed it out in a pulse of power. Both women were knocked to the ground.
"Really, ladies, I'm not playing games. I'm just leaving." Fallon felt the weight of everyone's eyes, and she just wanted to escape. She turned toward her new friends. "It was a pleasure meeting all of you, but I'm going to bounce." And she did, right out the back door.
She stepped into the parking lot with Brody on her heels.
"Stay," she told him, not bothering to look back. "Hang out with your friends. I can get myself home."
"How?" he demanded and she was caught somewhere between pissed off and turned on. The alcohol might have had something to do with that.
Shaking her head, she turned toward him with her arms crossed over her chest. "I'm not going to walk." But she wasn't ready to tell him how she'd get home.
"You would have to call and wait for a cab. No sense in that when I'm ready to go home." He stepped closer, his voice dropping lower. "I don't want to be around her either."
She sighed. "Fine. But I'm perfectly capable of taking care of myself. I would have made it home."
"I know, but I feel better driving. I have plenty of beer there if you still want a drink." He nodded toward the truck. "Come on, let's get out of here."
Gritting her teeth, she muttered, "Fine." At least he didn't bother trying to open her door this time. She still couldn't believe he slept with that psychopath.

* * * *

Before Brody drove three blocks, his phone rang. "Hey." He listened for a moment. "Sure thing." He set the phone down, and gave her a grin. "Looks like the party is moving to my place. Jess and Slater are coming too. Even Hayden." He pulled into his driveway and parked.
Fallon groaned. "You should have let me leave on my own. I don't want to ruin anyone's night. Besides, who's going to work the bar?" Her hands dropped to her lap, and her frown was a little too adorable. He was tempted to kiss the pout right off her luscious mouth.
"Jess has it covered. Besides, Tomahawk wants a rematch." He hopped out and she followed him outside.
She paused and took a step toward her apartment. "You should just go back to the bar." Her tone was cold. "I don't care if one crazy bitch hates me. I just didn't want to get into a bar fight in front of the town's sheriff. My tolerance for bullshit only goes so far, and she was working the tail end of it."
"Hayden wouldn't arrest you for knocking some sense into her." But Brody loved her attitude. Fallon knew who she was and didn't care what anyone else thought of her.
"In case you didn't figure it out, Dacia wanted me in cuffs."
"Yeah, but no one in their right mind would ever side with her. Besides, she dragged Bridget out the front door at a dead run before you got out the back." Fallon took another step toward the stairs. "No one knows what you did to those two bimbos, but everyone thought it was pretty damned funny."
Her eyes slitted and she shook her head. She was mad and that was hot, but he couldn't help wondering why.
"Come on," Brody told her, hoping to lighten the mood. "I have a pool table and you can get back to kicking my ass."
"Fine," she muttered, rolling her emerald eyes as she marched past him to his back door, which he opened quickly. She stepped inside and turned toward him with a vicious look and acid in her words. "You really slept with Dacia?"
Shit, her glare shot straight to his cock, which hardened in a rush. Trying to ignore his dumb tool, Brody shrugged. "Once, when I was young and stupid and didn't realize what can of worms I was opening." He scrubbed a hand over his face. "Apparently I was too good because she won't leave me alone."
"That, I can see." A blush crept across her cheeks as she wiped her hands down her thighs. "And now I'm trying not to." Her eyes skittered away. He could see her heartbeat strumming in her jugular as her breath sped up.
She smelled so damned good he couldn't help but lean in closer, and trail his nose along her collarbone and up her throat to the hollow behind her ear. He heard her breath hitch as her hand tangled in his shirt.
"Christ, that's a turn on," he purred into her silky soft hair. Every time she was turned on, her scent intensified.
"What is?" A breathy rasp laced her words.
"You smell just like caramel." He leaned into her and just breathed her in.
Fallon pushed him away and shook her head with wide eyes. "Okay whoa, slow down, big boy." Her gaze dropped down to his fly and went wide before popping right back up to his eyes.
"Sorry." He took a couple steps back, and put his hands up in surrender. Closing his eyes, he took a few deep breaths but all he could smell was her scent. "I'm sorry, Fallon, I really didn't mean to get carried away." And he hadn't, yet. But all he could see behind his closed lids was her laid out on the counter, his hands spreading her wide as he went down on her. Would she taste as sweet and delicious as she smelled?
"I know." She admitted hesitantly. "I'm not ready, and I'm a mess. I can't right now? but maybe later...." She shook her head.
He glanced up. Her chest still heaved with her heavy breaths and she was looking anywhere but at him. Fallon just admitted they had possibilities which made him feel about a thousand times better.
Before she could backtrack, he said, "You're not a mess, but you're right. I'm sorry."
Her chin dipped down but she swung her gaze up to his. "Don't Brody. I feel the connection too." She swallowed hard and took a step toward the door. "Maybe I should just go to the apartment, and get my head on straight, because now I just feel like shit. I didn't mean to mess with your emotions, and I didn't want to wreck everyone's fun."
"Don't, please. Don't go. I'll behave. You haven't done anything wrong."
"Neither have you." She closed her eyes a second. When she opened them, there was a hint of a smile on her face. "I'll stay, but please tell me you have something hard?" she glanced at his crotch and swallowed hard as her eyes bounced back to his. "Um, stronger than a beer, because I could use a shot."
"You good with whiskey?"
She nodded. "Absolutely. Hit me with a double."
Chapter 7


There was a knock, pulling her from sleep. Fallon rolled out of bed and onto the floor in a heap. Her head was pounding, but she got up and stumbled to the door with a grimace.
"Good morning." Brody stood there in a pair of beat up jeans, a mug of coffee in his hand, and no damned shirt in sight. He was so very lickable her mouth was watering.
She just wanted to pull him in by his waistband, drop to her knees as she opened his jeans, and?. Oh shit. She needed to stop thinking about that.
Fallon forced her gaze up to his face and found that sexy grin of his. She groaned. "Morning. My head hurts too fucking bad to call it good."
His laugh was warm and deep. "Adam called. Says you have clients in an hour if you want them. He'll reschedule if you aren't up to working."
"I'll go." She looked down at herself and shook her head. She was standing there in her thong, bra and her hair was still sort of in the braid. Good thing nudity never bothered her. Besides, she wasn't awake enough to care, and werewolves stopped being modest pretty soon after becoming one. "I just need to change."
"Here, take the coffee and Tylenol. I'll have breakfast ready in ten minutes. Then I'll drive you in." His eyes were planted on hers as he held the coffee out between them. She took the cup and the Tylenol, which she threw back with a gulp of steaming hot coffee.
"Thanks." She ducked her head. "Not to be ungrateful, but why do you look so smug?"
He leaned against the door frame as his eyes slowly traveled down her body and back up. "You smiled when you saw me, even if it only lasted a second." He turned, and started down the stairs with a masculine chuckle. "And you're sexy as hell no matter what."
Not fair. Not fucking fair. Those compliments and the way he looked at her were going to be her undoing.
Fallon slammed her door and went to her room. She changed last night's undergarments, shimmied into her favorite beat up jeans, pulled on an airbrushed t-shirt and shoved her feet into a pair of shoes. Her hair was brushed in less than a minute and up in a clip.
She realized he hadn't put anything in her coffee when she picked up her cup. He remembered. She whispered a cooling spell over it before drinking the rest down.
Brody really didn't need anything else going for him. After he sniffed her, which had been ridiculously hot when it shouldn't have been, he backed off as promised. He went back to his mild but sincere flirting. How the hell was she supposed to resist him when he was doing everything right?
She hurried down to the back door and knocked. He opened with it a raised brow as he stepped aside. "Fallon, you're welcome here anytime you want. You don't have to knock."
"Thanks." She glanced away with a shrug. "Sorry if I'm a grouch. Hangovers and eight o'clock wakeup calls do that to me."
His tongue swept over his bottom lip. "You can open your door looking like that anytime and I won't complain."
Fallon was staring at his mouth, imagining his taste, and had to close her eyes to laugh off the awkwardness. "I'll remember that." She took a deep breath. "Mmm, now, breakfast smells good."
Of course he cooks too. To distract herself, she poured herself another cup of coffee.
"Just a warning." He glanced over his shoulder with an apologetic smile. "Dacia's half-brother is coming in for his tattoo. Don't worry though, he's cool. He can't stand his sister. I just don't want you to be surprised when Dane shows up."
"Thanks. Happen to know how many I'm doing today?"
"Depends on you. Almost all the wolves want one, plus the sheriff."
She rolled her eyes. "Your brother and Tom are just as talented."
"They can't do what you can do with the wards, and personally." He shrugged as he glanced over. "I prefer your work. Then again, I could stare at you all day and you're easy to talk to. Adam tends to get in his zone and doesn't do much talking. Tom can be rather abrasive. Trust me. At least until all the wolves have a ward, you're going to be in high demand. People will love your work and want more."
"Right." Blushing, she glanced down at herself and sighed. "But as we've already established, I'm bitchy when I'm hungover, and I can be just as obnoxious as Tom. I'm sure they'll figure that out today."
"Oh hush, sugar. You may be hungover but you can't tell. You aren't going to have any trouble." He slid a plate in front of her and sat down beside her. He made a veggie scramble with a side of sausage, exactly what she ordered the day before.
The first bite was heaven and she knew she was in real trouble. "Oh man, this is seriously good."
"Thank you," he murmured.

* * * *

The day had crawled by even though Brody worked on several motorcycles. They were all quick fixes and gave him more time to work on a way to make Fallon's Harley quieter without magic.
Brody was anxious to see her. He was still worried about the Dales coming back but no one had seen or heard of them since the night he crashed into her bike. Hayden had been searching for any trace of them but hadn't found anything yet.
"Brody," Dacia whined as she pushed her Ducati through the open garage doors. "I need some help."
Damn. He knew he should have locked up when Phineas left for the day. It was already past closing. Brody really didn't want to deal with her. "What's the problem now?" he growled, truly irritated because he already knew. Dacia constantly pulled this shit.
He glanced up to see the painted on black vinyl cat suit, like she was channeling Catwoman but couldn't pull the outfit off. He was willing to bet the new clothes had something to do with Fallon and her motorcycle.
Once again, he wondered what the hell he had been thinking when he was stupid enough to sleep with her. Oh right. He was letting his dumb tool do the decision making. If only he could go back in time and ignore her completely.
"I can't get my motorcycle to start. Can you take a look at it?" She batted her eyes and shoved her barely covered tits out like that was going to do anything but annoy the shit out of him.
Brody really wanted tell her to go to hell, and maybe if he had in the past she would have given up years ago. Still, Fallon had played nice with Dacia, so maybe he should too. Gritting his teeth, he stood and walked over to the bike. One look and he saw the wiring had been pulled free. It only took ten seconds to plug everything in. He didn't bother telling her the pussy piece of shit would have started because it wouldn't detour Dacia from these stupid little games.
"Dacia." He managed in a calm tone as he crossed his arms over his chest. "I know you did that yourself. Stop wasting my time." He stalked back to Fallon's Harley, loving the silver lightning painted against the midnight blue.
"Is that what you did when you crashed into her?" Dacia sneered, looking at all the bent pieces lying on the table. "And you both walked away?"
He nodded. "I was already hurt and running from the vampires. She didn't have her lights on. Said she had a sound dampening spell going, so I never heard her. I ran straight into her bike. I could have killed her." Brody shook his head. "Dakota had to heal Fallon. She didn't have the energy, not after fixing me and taking out those vampires."
"She really isn't coming onto you?"
"No. She wasn't lying about just leaving some asshole. She drove her bike all day to put some distance between them. She wants nothing to do with men." For now.
"I guess I assumed she'd want you like all the other women." Her gaze dropped to the ground as she turned away. "Thanks for the help Brody." She hopped on her Ducati and sped off.
Dacia might look sorry at the moment, but he knew that would change once he won Fallon over.

* * * *

Fallon was finally done with work and ready to leave when Brody and Adam strolled in. Her whole day brightened when she saw Brody. "Don't tell me you need another tattoo so soon. Not that I would mind, but it was a long day."
"Oh, no, but you've been working nearly twelve hours without a break." Brody gave her a sharp look.
Anger flashed through her. "Hey, your brother is the one who kept sending them back."
"You said you'd eat. You told both Tom and I you would." Adam crossed his arms over his chest and gave her a pointed look.
"Did you?" Brody asked a little too seriously with his hands on his hips.
Her eyes flared and she threw up her hands. "I don't need a parent." Fallon squared her shoulders. "Besides, I plan to eat. Just chill. I didn't think about food because I was too busy with back to back clients." Damn men. She was an adult. Hell, she was older than either of them and could take care of herself and always had.
"I'm sorry." Brody dropped his gaze for a second, before glancing back up with a hopeful smile. "Let's try this again. Are you hungry?"
His apology cooled her temper, and she smiled reluctantly. "Starved, is there a good pizza place nearby?"
"Mmm, pizza sounds good." He nodded toward the door. "My treat."
"Let's go." Fallon grabbed her sweater and shot her boss a look. He slapped Brody on the back as he walked by. She would get back at Adam for siccing a dominant wolf on her, one who probably ate eleventy billion calories in a day.
Fallon followed behind, loving Brody's powerful yet graceful strides. He walked around the truck, letting her get her own door when she knew he liked opening doors for her. And honestly, she wouldn't mind if he had this time. There were so many little things he did, or didn't do in this case. No one had ever done those little things for her before.
She couldn't afford to fall for him. He wouldn't take long to figure out she was all wrong for him. Fallon blamed herself for ruining every man she had been with. Isaac may be the exception, but she could have tried harder to give him what he needed.
Once they were on the road, he glanced over at her with a smile. "I have good news. All the parts shipped. I'll have your bike ready by Wednesday. You only have a couple more days of relying on me to drive you around, though I really don't mind."
"You're sweet, maybe too sweet, and I appreciate everything you've done. I just prefer to drive myself. No offense."
"None taken." The corner of his mouth twitched up.

* * * *

They ordered a fully loaded pizza and iced tea before finding a booth. Brody leaned back in his seat. "Tom mentioned there's a druid commune about thirty minutes south of here. I could take you, if you wanted."
Unease shifted through Fallon as she met his gaze. She thought back to all the times she visited the one down in California or the one near where she grew up in the Rockies. They were full of crunchy, granola, hardcore naturalists. She liked nature, but those druids didn't even have running water or electricity, and they frowned at her tattoos because they weren't "natural" though most of them had one or two animals tattooed on their skin. She doubted this commune would be any different.
Brody cocked his head. "What's going on in that head of yours?"
"I don't really fit in with most of the druids I know. Neither does Gabriel. Goddess, my mom didn't even know what to do with me. She was pretty traditional where druids are concerned." Fallon sighed and looked out the window. Her mother loved her, but they never had much in common. Fallon was only sixteen when she passed away. So maybe there wasn't enough time to find common ground. "Mom gave up training me pretty early. Her gifts were way different than mine."
"What do you mean?" he asked softly, his blue eyes searching hers.
"She was a healer, and my lack of ability frustrated her to no end. I could barely heal a scrape. Healing just wasn't my gift. No matter how hard I tried, I just sucked at it." One shoulder lifted in a shrug. "She could work some wards like I do, but she couldn't sling offensive magic."
"Like that ball of energy you threw at the vampire?"
"Yeah. You should have seen her face the first time I created a lightning bolt. I was like five and I was throwing a tantrum because I couldn't heal my friend. I guess I flung my hand out in frustration and the orb just appeared and hit the tree, snapping the trunk in half." She remembered how horrified her mother was. "Mom cried because I killed a tree. She knew I didn't mean to, but her reaction hurt. A few days later, she sat me down and explained that she couldn't train me, we were too different. She took me to Gabriel who could teach me what I needed to know. There are other druids with my kind of magic, but she said Gabriel was the only one she trusted. I don't know."
He rubbed his chin, and took a deep breath. "Was she upset with you?"
"No, but she didn't like any living thing to die. She was all about natural everything. She'd probably roll over in her grave if she saw my ink." She smiled a little. "She used to tell me Gabriel would be so handsome if he didn't have so many tattoos."
Brody's head tilted. "Were they together?"
Fallon couldn't help laughing. "No. I can't imagine the two of them as a couple. Gabriel likes his women bold, and fearless. Mom was quiet and reserved. They grew up together and were best friends, but not at all romantic."
"And your father?"
She shrugged. "I don't remember him. He died when I was just little but Mom was always in love with him. She made him sound like a fairytale." Somewhere along the way she started thinking Mom had to build him up to ease the pain of losing him.
"You must miss her." He reached over and squeezed her hand. "My parents are alive and I miss them, but I hardly see them."
Man, Brody was such a sweet guy, and she was all wrong for him. He was so domestic and ready for a family. She had a feeling she'd scar a kid for life, and she had never settled down with anyone. One man asked her to move in with him, but she always turned him down. The only positive would have been easier access to sex, and that wasn't a good enough reason.
Fallon sighed. "This is going to sound harsh. I don't miss her unless I think about her, and I rarely do. I tend to leave the past in the past."
He nodded, and glanced away. "Sometimes I wish I could be more like you."
"About Sarah?" she asked softly.
He nodded, the corners of his mouth lifting. "It's funny, I haven't thought about her much the last few days." His eyes came back to her. "I spent the last four years missing her. I just went through the motions but I wasn't alive. And then?" He looked back outside again.
She froze, too terrified to prompt him. Brody was so pure and good. She could only hurt him in the end.
Fallon needed a lighter subject. "So, what got you into Harleys?"
"Motorcycles in general." He perked back up.
She arched one brow. "You can't deny you favor Harleys."
"True." He gave her a sheepish grin. "My uncle ran the shop in Edenton. I apprenticed for him when I left home, and eventually took over the shop when he retired."

* * * *

Brody ran a finger through the condensation on his glass and looked into Fallon's sparkling eyes as she finished off her last bite. He really didn't want the evening to end. She made him smile like he hadn't in years, made him laugh easier than he had in a long time.
Glancing at the empty pizza platter, Brody said, "I have dessert at home, if you're interested."
Fallon nodded enthusiastically. "As long as it involves chocolate, I'm in." She stood, and he followed. They walked so close their arms kept brushing on their way to the exit.
Before he could push the door open, she caught his hand and dragged him back down the hall. "Wait," Fallon whispered. She closed her eyes and tilted her head.
"What is it?" Brody asked.
"Shadowstalker. You really pissed them off, didn't you?"
"Apparently." Brody ran a hand through his hair, and wished he hadn't put her in danger in the first place. "Can you sense them?"
Her eyes popped open and she nodded. "Yes. There's only one. Do you know why they're targeting you specifically?"
"My guess is because I'm Slater's second and I haven't been a wolf as long as the rest of the enforcers." He wanted to hunt them down, but Slater forbid him patrolling for the Dales.
"Wait." Her brows knit together and her head tilted. "How long have you been a wolf?"
"Seven years. Didn't exactly choose to be either." He muttered.
"You can tell me about that later." Her eyes flashed as she looked toward the door. "Anyone contact the Silver Council?" They were the policing force for all Others and run by mages. Most of them had a stuffy holier-than-thou attitude from what he'd heard.
"Yes, but as far as I know, no one has gotten back to us." He started for his phone, but she whipped hers out first and dialed.
A sophisticated male answered. "Good evening, Fallon. How are you?"
"Good."
"I heard you left San Francisco and Isaac."
"Yeah. Listen, Robert, I've run into some trouble with the Dales up in Edenton, Washington. Is the Silver Council on that?"
She knew someone on the Council?
"The case is being processed. I should be headed out there in the next couple days. Why? What's going on?" The other man was obviously worried. Brody ground his teeth together as he wondered who the hell this guy was.
"About to be. I killed a couple of them when I got to town." Her brow furrowed and he really wanted to smooth his fingers over it. "They attempted to make a werewolf a snack, and I couldn't let the bloodsuckers come back for him after he crashed into my bike."
"What?" The guy gasped. "Are you okay?"
"Fine. Great actually." She looked back toward the door, a smile playing on her lips. "So is he. The vampires are dead. But here's the thing, these assholes had silver capped fangs. It seems to me that they're targeting the wereanimals."
"You took care of them." He sounded sure of that.
"Of course I did. You know me. I can't wait for the big guns. I'm too impatient, and I didn't have much choice. Just wanted to make sure you knew. I'm hoping you're coming out to put a stop to the Dales."
Jealousy swirled through Brody.
"I should be there in the next couple of days. If you need me sooner though, don't hesitate to call."
Brody felt his hands crank into fists.
Fallon's laugh was cold. "Oh, I can handle this one. Just want to make sure I'm not stepping on anyone's toes or screwing up an investigation."
"You won't. Take care of yourself first. Just be careful Fallon, I remember the last time you got involved with the Dales. That was a nightmare."
"Yeah, but we took care of them. Don't worry so much about me. I can take care of myself."
Brody couldn't help wondering what the mage was talking about.
"All right. If you run into trouble, let me know. I can be there faster, if need be."
"Thanks, Robert." She hung up, and slid her phone into her pocket.
"The vampire's coming. We better go outside," Brody said.
She nodded and went through the door, heading toward his truck. She froze and Brody walked right into her. The scent of her fear hit him. He couldn't stop himself from putting his hands around her waist. He leaned his head toward her shoulder. "You okay?" he whispered against her ear.
"Don't look him in the eyes, Brody." There was a command in her steady tone and he automatically obeyed, burying his face where her neck met shoulder and closed his eyes. He wanted to put himself between her and the danger, but he trusted her completely. Her shoulders relaxed just a bit. Then he felt the same sensation from the other night, when she threw up the protective barrier.
"What do you want, Malachi?" she snarled but didn't move away from Brody. The smell of her fear was replaced by hatred.
"You. But you're not going to let your new man fall for that, are you?" The miserable bastard cackled. "I did enjoy watching those two mages attempt to tame you. Too bad it didn't work. You would be such a fun little toy if you would just learn your place."
Brody didn't know what the hell was going on, but he was pissed for Fallon.
"Oh, please. I've heard your bullshit before. You're not going to scare me. I already took care of your two minions. So, why are you here? I know you don't like to get your own hands dirty."
"Just to make sure the rumors were true. That you were in town and warding the wolves." Malachi's voice grew colder. "Let's not forget I want to offer you one last chance to work for me willingly. Things would be so much easier on you, if you just play along and ward my pets. Why not take my offer?"
"Fuck you Malachi." She spat the words, her whole body rigid. "I won't do a damned thing for you, except maybe kill you." Her anger rolled off her in waves and Brody could feel her inner struggle to hold herself together.
"We'll see about that," the cold voice replied.
There was a whoosh of air. Brody glanced up in time to watch the bastard takeoff, and by takeoff he meant straight up into the sky like a fucking rocket.
She started to tremble and her knees gave. Brody caught her, pulling her close. "I got you."
Fallon melted into his arms. He smoothed his hands up and down her spine.
At least until she pushed him back, shaking her head. "No. Don't."
His hands froze. "Don't what?"
"Don't help me. Don't care about me. You're safer if you don't." She whispered before climbing into the truck and pulling her legs to her chest. Brody wasn't sure what to say or do. He shut her door and hurried to the driver side to get her home, where he could keep her safe.

* * * *

Hayden sat in his SUV, eating a sub when he saw something streak up into the sky from behind a row of shops. It was already dark, but whatever he saw seemed to be made of swirling shadows. He set his sandwich down and hurried across the street, to the parking lot behind the shops to investigate. He had a bad feeling.
When he came around the corner he found Brody holding Fallon, next to his truck. Fallon was visibly shaken which was a surprise. Hayden had done a little digging and found out what he could about her past. He felt guilty for expecting the worst from her, but suspicion went with the job.
In fact, the Silver Council claimed the Dales had been disbanded by two mages ten years before. They only showed back up a few months ago. A friend in Seattle told him about some missing werecats, and several Others who kept to themselves.
Mathis and Paavo were a couple of water fae he had known for centuries. They seemed to know everyone. They had nothing but good things to say about Fallon O'Shea. In fact, they had been held captive by the Dales the same time Jess was. They also told him Fallon was the one who killed the leader of the Dales, and helped the mages get everyone out.
Fallon met Mathis and Paavo about eighteen years ago. They ran into trouble with the council and were wrongly accused of brutalizing women during dark magic rites. Fallon was the one who kept them out of the Council's reach while she found evidence to clear them. She led the council to the real culprit.
Everything Paavo told him suggested that Fallon was one tough broad, always in control, and never leaned on anyone. But there she was, letting Brody, a relative stranger, comfort her. At least until she seemed to get a hold of herself and push Brody away.
Mathis did say that Fallon never believed Malachi was dead. Maybe she was right. Maybe she hadn't killed the vampire. Malachi was supposed to be thousands of years old, and only the oldest vampires could fly. Shadowstalkers could manipulate shadows and he just saw a shadow.
Fallon had gone through hell to free a lot of people at great cost to her. She did the right thing because she could, and Hayden had to respect her strength of character. He would do everything he could to find out what the hell was going on and stop it.
He had a few contacts he could call, and a few places to start. If Malachi was still alive, he wouldn't be easy to find. There was a good chance the bastard would go to Dacia. He needed to at least check on her. She might just be obsessed enough to join Malachi to get Brody. He just hoped he was wrong about her.
Chapter 8


Fallon was barely holding herself together in the front seat of Brody's truck. Her hands trembled as she pulled her phone out of her pocket. Shit, she took a deep breath and hit redial.
Robert answered immediately, his tone grim. "Worse than you thought?" She could just see him dragging his fingers through his perfectly styled blond hair.
"Yeah, Malachi came to give me an offer." The sick fuck thought she could ward his combatants in his fighting ring so he could use them longer. Her wards could make killing an individual harder but most of them were brainwashed, blackmailed, or forced into fighting. If anything, she'd help put a stop to the whole setup. He'd been trying to "recruit" her for the better part of 30 years, but because a vampire couldn't enthrall her by eye contact alone, she'd had better luck staying away from them than most.
"No." He gasped. "He's supposed to be dead." She heard his fingers racing over a keyboard.
"Yeah, I remember. I told you he wasn't." She squeezed the phone so tight her hand hurt. "I told you he survived. No one wanted to believe me."
"You should get out of there Fallon. You don't need to deal with this."
That just pissed her off. She was the only reason any of them survived the last round of hell. The bastard had mindfucked Robert and Tremaine into raping her. She shut down the memories squeezed her free hand into a fist, her nails cutting past skin. "He's not going to win. I'm going to make sure that bastard is dead. I'm not running."
"I didn't think you would, but I had to try for your sake." She could hear the guilt in his voice. "I still have nightmares about what that monster forced us to do to you. I would do anything to change what we did. You know I would."
She did, but she didn't want to go there. "Stop, Robert. I don't blame either of you. Neither of you had control. It was all Malachi because you couldn't resist his gaze when I could." She took a shaky breath. "I need to go."
"I'll be there tomorrow afternoon. Stay safe. I mean it."
"You too." She hung up and buckled her seat belt. She was afraid to look at Brody. He had to be wondering what the fuck was going on, but she couldn't talk about that chapter of her past.
"Are you okay?" Brody asked softly, his voice chasing away the memories when she didn't think anything could.
"Yes," she answered automatically, and his eyes widened in disbelief. "No." Fallon looked away. "No, I'm not."
He reached over and took her hand. "Want to talk about it?"
She wanted to trust him, to confide in him. But she couldn't. Could she?
"No, but I'm not sure being alone is a good idea just now." She looked away as a fear that had nothing to do with Malachi skittered along her frame of mind. "Then again, it might be better if I am." She wanted to stay numb, keep control. She couldn't let Brody get too close because that evil son of a bitch would use him against her.
Brody drove, and let her have her silence. She wished he would talk, distract her, but she didn't want to depend on him for anything, even comfort. When he parked, she hopped out and started for the stairs, thinking alone was safer. She was too close to falling apart and she didn't want him to see.
He caught up and took her hand, pulling her to a stop. His warmth traveled through her, straight to her heart. He chased some of the fear away. She didn't know how to resist when he was giving her exactly what she needed.
"I'll make us some hot chocolate, and I have some chocolate cheesecake if you want."
She hesitated, thinking about the last time she dealt with the Dales and Malachi. How Damon, her lover of five years couldn't handle what she did to free everyone. He saw the shape she left Tremaine in when she defended herself. He saw how she killed the dark mages and Shadowstalkers. After everything Fallon went through to get him out, he called her the monster. That hurt, even if she didn't agree, but she had risked so much to save him, and all he could do was cut her down.
Fallon asked, "You aren't freaked out?"
"Of you? No." Brody shook his head, his hand tightening around hers. "For you? Yeah, maybe a little. Malachi is bad news. That he used your friends against you, well, that's just fucked up." He gently tugged her hand, and she followed him to his door.
"Yeah, you can say that again." She couldn't resist. She had a weakness for anything chocolate, and he offered a sense of security. There was something about his touch, even just his nearness that made her feel safe, and Fallon needed the comfort he offered more than she wanted to admit.
He opened the door and pulled out a stool at the counter before going to the refrigerator. She took a seat and watched him prepare everything. She never would have guessed such a strong man would have such a sweet tooth.
"So, you know some of the council?" Brody asked casually as he poured milk into a saucepan. He reached into the cabinet for the cocoa, and it was the good stuff. Damn, he was full of surprises.
"Yeah. I'm friends with a few when I'm not making trouble for them." She licked her lips, wondering what the chocolate and caramel would taste like smeared across his skin. Oh Goddess. She either needed to stop fantasizing or give in. He was just too tempting, and maybe he would be different than all the ones before.
His brow quirked up and he licked his lips. "Trouble for the council?"

* * * *

Brody wanted to comfort Fallon but all he could smell was her sweet scent, and he sure did love caramel. He tried to banish the thoughts of drizzling warm sauce over her skin so he could tease and taste her.
Damn him. He knew he shouldn't be thinking that way when she was still shaken up from whatever memories plagued her. He stirred the cocoa and tried to rein in his desire.
"The Silver Council and I don't always see eye to eye." She shrugged all nonchalant. "I've been known to help the wrongly accused stay out of their reach. Certain Council Enforcers assume the first likely suspect must be guilty. Then again, they can be rather prejudiced against anyone they don't understand."
Brody didn't know much about the Silver Council. Just that they were run by mages and were the most organized groups of Others. They easily pass for humans where vampires or werewolves couldn't always. So the Council was sort of like the Others governing force, police, FBI and CIA all in one.
"Prejudiced against who?" he asked.
"Fae, vampires, wereanimals, I've even caught hell from a few specific council members for being a druid."
"Yeah, Tomahawk had some trouble with them in the past. They don't seem to mind Dakota, but his gifts are obviously healing based. Until your talk with Tom I was under the impression that druids and shaman were basically the same." He glanced over at her with a sheepish shrug. "But the more I think about it, the more I realize that even Dakota and Tom are at the opposite ends of the spectrum where shamans are concerned. You gave me a whole new perspective."
"I probably bored you with too much information." She dropped her eyes.
"Not at all." He looked over his shoulder and gave her a smile. "Actually, I'm interested in everything about you." Her green eyes sparkled when she met his gaze.
"What? Ask." She bit her lip in anticipation for his question.
Better to get it out of the way. He aimed for a casual tone. "Robert, was he someone to you, other than just a friend?"
"No." She laughed but was a little startled. "We were never attracted to each other." She looked away though, and he knew there was a story there. One she didn't want to remember, and one he wouldn't ask about. She trusted Robert, and Brody trusted her, so that was enough. Her smile was forced when she met his gaze again. "He's nothing more than a good friend. He isn't over his first love, and I honestly don't think he'll ever be."
That stung and his face fell. "You can love again." He knew without a doubt he was headed there with Fallon.
"I didn't say he couldn't." She held his gaze. "But they have a complicated story. I still think the day will come when they're back together. Elizandra is still alive, just blames herself for things that aren't her fault."
"I see."
"So, you mentioned you didn't choose to be a wolf." She leaned forward and watched him. "You're obviously one of the most powerful in the pack. How did that come about?"
He ducked his head and let out a sigh. "It was seven years ago. I was at the bar having a drink with Slater, discussing the work he wanted done on his Harley. Some out-of-towner was flirting with an enforcer's girlfriend. She politely brushed the guy off but her boyfriend saw the tail end of the conversation. Raj went ballistic and beat the shit out of the guy."
"I bet you stepped in to stop the wolf from killing him." She smiled like she approved.
Brody nodded. "Yeah. The stranger had apologized but Raj couldn't leave it alone. He nearly beat the guy to death, and I just couldn't let that happen. I pulled Raj off the guy, and he swung at me, so I fought back." Brody shook his head and looked back at her. "Raj was mean as a snake, but he wasn't really a fighter. Adam and I use to box in a gym, not anything special, but I know my way around a fight. I overpowered him, and I guess he realized he didn't stand a chance. Raj shifted and tried to tear my throat out. I probably wouldn't be here if Hayden hadn't shot him through the head with a silver bullet."
Wincing, she turned away a second. "Shit, I'm sorry."
"I don't regret stepping in. I didn't choose the outcome, but I would make the same choice again."
"I believe that."
"Anyway, I didn't wake up until the next day. When I did, I found Slater and Sarah standing over me. Sarah was livid. She blamed Slater for not stopping Raj. She wasn't very happy with the fact I became a werewolf, but she lived with it."
Brody still remembered the way she screamed at Slater, the way she cried, the arguments they had about how much time he wasted on the pack instead of them. In reality, her being in the army took more time from them than the time he spent dealing with the pack.
"She didn't like you being a wolf?" Fallon's eyes narrowed and she looked a little ticked off on his behalf. "That doesn't change you. Hell, it made you stronger, more resilient. Sure, you didn't choose your circumstances, but shit happens."
Brody had never looked at his situation like that. He almost felt guilty for agreeing with Fallon. "What we shared didn't change, but we wanted a family and that's harder to achieve as a wolf." He ran a hand through his hair, not wanting to think about the past. Fallon was his present, and hopefully his future.
Her eyes flared, and she covered her mouth. "Shit. Sorry, I didn't?"
He held his hand up and shook his head. "Don't apologize. Things were strained for a time, but she accepted it. She never blamed me, she blamed Slater. That was a long time ago, though."
"Right." She looked down at her hands resting on the counter.
Hoping to relieve some of the tension, he filled two mugs and brought them to the counter. "Here. Let's get back on a better topic."
Fallon's eyes landed on the cheesecake. "Mmm."
"I'm guessing you like chocolate?" Brody chuckled and grabbed a couple of plates. He put a generous helping of cheesecake on each dish and brought them to the table. Once he sat, he drizzled the sauce over each piece. He took a bite, watching as she took her own with a nearly ecstatic moan.
"Goddess, this is divine," she purred.
They didn't say another word. Fallon was too busy enjoying the cake and he couldn't take his eyes off of her. Fallon ate with erotic abandon. She closed her eyes and savored every last morsel she sucked off the fork.
There was no thought, just compulsion as he held out his last bite for his temptress. Her eyes opened and she took the offering into in her mouth.
He slowly pulled the fork away. All he could do was lean in and kiss her softly. When she didn't pull away, he licked across her lush bottom lip and she opened to him, her tongue caressing his. Her taste mingled with the chocolate and caramel consumed him with need stronger than anything he'd ever felt.
She climbed into his lap and molded herself to his body, her fingers tangled in his hair as if she couldn't get enough. His hands glided down her back. When he sucked her bottom lip into his mouth she moaned. He squeezed her ass as he stood up. Her long shapely legs locked around his hips as he put her back against the door, grinding his length against the seam of her jeans.
"Oh please," she breathed into his mouth, her hips moving against him. She took two handfuls of his hair and yanked his head back to kiss down his throat, ripping a growl of her name from his lips.

* * * *

Jess shot up off the bed, her heart pounding in her chest. Malachi's vicious smile was burned into her mind. His cold voice echoed in her ears as he taunted Fallon.
She scrambled into her clothes, shaking like a leaf in a windstorm.
"What is it?" Slater sat up with a yawn, watching as she bounced into her jeans. "What's wrong?"
"We need to get to Brody's. Now. Malachi came to her at the Talia's Pizzeria."
Slater got up to pull his own clothes on, and then tied his shoulder length hair back. "I thought you said that bastard was dead."
"Fallon warned us he wasn't, but he was on fire when he flew into daylight. Shit, he didn't look right in the vision, like he was still messed up. Come on, we need to go now. I need to talk to her. Malachi hurt her worse than anyone ever did." Why hadn't they listened to Fallon? God, Jess knew this was her fault. She should have seen, she should have known.
"What happened?" Slater snagged his phone and keys on the way out.
"Look. You can't repeat this. Fallon doesn't talk about that day, and I don't blame her. I didn't see what happened, but that piece of shit drugged her and mindfucked two mages into brutalizing her." Jess closed her eyes, and shook her head. "Fallon stopped them, and went after Malachi. She pulled herself together and freed us all after what was done to her." Jess wiped at her eyes, and started for the truck. He followed on her heels.
Fallon would be there. She better be there. If she did anything but stay, the outcome was bad. If she left it was bad. If she went after Malachi on her own, it was really fucking bad.
Jess climbed in as soon as Slater unlocked the truck. She turned in her seat to face him as he slammed his door shut. "She's going to do one of two things. I half hope she'll run, but I know deep down she won't because she wants revenge. I think she'll stay, but she's got to be freaking out, and I'm not positive Brody will be enough to keep her here. If she tries to run, Malachi will no doubt snatch her up at the first opportunity he has. Okay?"
Slater wasted no time as he tore out of the driveway and headed to Brody's.
He asked, "For what? What does he want her for?"
"To ward everyone he has. The fighters. His minions. Everyone. If he could actually get her to do work for him, she'd basically be helping them abduct Others and help force them into fighting for him. She would never do it, she'd die first. But Malachi can make her wish she were dead."
"We won't let that happen." He squeezed her hand.
"I hope I'm right. I hope Brody's already enough for her to stay. She's just so damned bullheaded." Jess wrung her hands.
"Hey, love, didn't you say you already had visions about the two of them happy and settled? Doesn't that tell you she's going to stay?"
"Okay, you're right. She's my best friend, baby. I just need to get to her and make sure she's all right."
"Well take a deep breath and relax because we're here. Just let me recommend you don't go tearing in there like a freight train."
She hopped out of the truck and rushed up the back stairs where she saw Fallon's back and Brody's hands on her in the window of the door.
Jess stopped and laughed. "Well, I'll be damned. They got there faster than I expected."
"Good." Slater grinned. "I have to say, Brody looks a lot happier since Fallon showed up. But let's take this inside instead of playing voyeurs." His phone rang and he frowned at the display. Jess turned back to him.
"Hayden," he answered. If the sheriff was involved he must know something. "What happened?"
"Where are you?" Hayden asked.
"Brody's. Do you have something?"
"No, but something is going down. Fallon and Brody saw something behind Main Street, and I think it might be Malachi. I'm coming over."
"All right. See you then."
"Shit, I was right." Jess took a deep breath. "I hope Fallon doesn't run."
"She won't." Slater touched her cheek. "Baby, Brody's a good man. You know that. He wouldn't be doing that," he nodded up at the window, "if he wasn't fully vested in your friend."
"I know." She had to smile because she knew they would work out.

* * * *

Brody tasted so damned good Fallon forgot every single reason why he was such a bad idea. His hands flexed on her ass, his hard length rubbing against her until she was lost to the sensation.
He kissed and sucked and nibbled along her collarbone and up her throat before taking possession of her mouth again. Her hands trailed down his chest to his button fly. Then there was a rattle against her back. Someone was pounding on the door.
Brody was good. He broke the kiss and set her on her feet before the door even opened an inch.
"Shit." Fallon fell back against the wall next to the door, and tried to catch her breath. His taste was on her tongue, the heat of his hands branded on her body, the feel of his mouth ingrained in her senses. She had never wanted a man so badly in her life.
Jess burst through the door with a grin. "Well Fallon, I'd tell you I told you so, but you wouldn't let me say a damned word."
Fallon was still in sensory overload and couldn't come back with a sharp reply so she flipped Jess off.
Brody licked his lips and leaned against the kitchen island with his eyes closed and his hands folded over his fly. Probably a good thing they arrived when they did, because Fallon was ready for so much more than his kiss.
Slater followed right behind Jess with a glance at Fallon, then Brody, and back to her. His brow arched but worry still etched his face. "Jess is convinced you ran into the devil himself."
Fallon snorted, her rampant lust forgotten at the mention of the vampire. "Close enough. Malachi showed up at the pizza joint. He offered me another chance to work for him." She took a deep breath and shot a look at Jess, who was standing right in front of her. "You never mentioned he was up here."
She put her hands up in surrender. "Honestly, hon, until I had the vision just a little bit ago, I didn't even know. I would have warned you if I even suspected he might be alive." Jess pulled her into a hug. "Are you okay Fallon?"
Fuck no, of course not. But she couldn't tell Jess or anyone else that. Jess would blame herself for not seeing everything sooner, but she couldn't control her visions.
Fallon focused on Brody and that kiss. "Fine," she answered, before moving to stand beside Brody at the island counter.
Jess narrowed her eyes because she knew Fallon too well to fall for that. "No, you aren't. Brody may have distracted you, but I know what that monster did." Jess was furious, but scared for her. "I honestly thought you killed him last time."
Damned werewolves could smell through lies because emotions have a scent, so Fallon clung to her own anger, hoping to drown out the fear. "So did Robert. I told you all Malachi wasn't dead." She turned to Slater. "How deep is the shit? What's the whole story with the Dales?"
Slater pulled Jess close and stroked her back in long gentle sweeps. He looked over Jess' shoulder. "They showed up around a month ago. They were scouting, but we thought we scared them off. No one had seen them again until the Saturday when they tried to take Brody, but not since. I've had the other enforcers looking for signs since then. Hayden's been looking too."
Brody clenched his jaw and looked toward Fallon. "As much as I want to hunt them down, Slater feels its best I don't."
Slater nodded. "You are the target. You're my best man. Of course I don't have you looking for them. They want you."
"Yeah. I get it." Brody's hand landed heavily on the counter. "Still doesn't mean I have to like the decision."
"Neither do I, but it was the right choice." Slater met Brody's gaze. "I trust your abilities. If they come after you, you'll be fine, but I don't want to put a bigger target on your back."
No, but Fallon knew Brody's target was bigger just by being near her. She hated that.
So the Dales were back and Malachi was running the show. He was coming after her no matter what. That was fine, she had unfinished business with the vampire.
She looked into Brody's eyes. "At least they didn't get what they wanted." He didn't look so convinced.
"What do they want?" Slater asked, pulling her attention.
Fallon let out a harsh laugh. "If Malachi is pulling the same old shit, he'll go after your strongest enforcers first. Both to tear apart your pack structure, and to use them in his fighting ring." Fallon looked up at Brody, who looked almost as confused as Slater, before turning her attention back to the alpha. "He'll probably try for Dakota because he's a healer. Jess because she's close to you. Me, but he's had plans for me for years, and I won't do a damned thing for him. Your sheriff will be on their list because earth fae are badass warriors. Anyone else who might put up a good fight in their ring will be on that list. When he's beaten down morale, he'll come for you."
"They thought they could take me?" Brody asked brokenly. "They came on a night I was a mess, so they could take me?"
Fallon turned to Brody, her heart breaking because he was staring at a picture of his dead wife. Goddess, what was she getting herself into?
She put on a brave smile and touched his face, pulling his gaze back to hers. "That's what they thought, but you proved them wrong."
"No." Brody shook his head, his hands fisted at his stomach. "You killed them. I only hurt them, but not bad enough. If you hadn't been there, I couldn't have outrun them."
Her brow rose and she pointed right at him. "No. You would have been fine when you got wherever you were going. It took me a good fifteen minutes, maybe more to heal you and then you were out for another ten or so minutes. They took some time to heal before they came after you. That was all you, baby." Her mind reeled. She should not have called him baby, she never called anyone that. Too late, and it felt right. Oh fuck, this was getting too deep for her.
His eyes hardened. "I damn near tore her head off. I ripped the male's arms off his body." The feral expression on his face did nothing but turn her on. "Maybe you could teach us all a thing or two to deal with them. Permanently. Make sure we don't do something as stupid as I did when I ripped that bastard off of you and hurt you worse." He winced, tracing a finger over her throat where she'd been bitten. She almost gave in and kissed him, but she reined herself in because she knew she wouldn't be able to stop.
"Jess says you taught her a thousand ways to protect herself from all sorts of things. Would you teach us what you can?" Slater asked hopefully.
"Good idea. I don't work tomorrow." The more everyone knew the better off they'd be. "You better invite anyone else who might be powerful enough to put up a fight in their ring. Shaman, mages, fae. They aren't terribly picky."
"And druids." Jess glared at her. "Though he wants you for so much more."
"Don't remind me," Fallon snarled, "I have no intention of warding a single one of his coven or pets, and I won't be his plaything." She paced away because Brody was strung so tight he was making her tense. "Robert McCallister is heading out. I'm not sure how many other Council Enforcers he'll bring."
"You want Robert here?" Jess burst out in surprise, "After what Malachi made him and Tremaine-" Fallon slapped her hands over Jess' mouth and shook her head vehemently. She was not talking about that. Jess stared at her with wide eyes.
"You know that wasn't their choice. I warded both of them against their gaze. Malachi can't pull that stunt again."
Brody gripped her shoulders in a firm hold. "What did Malachi make them do?" His outrage cracked through her defenses. She wanted to let him keep her safe, but no one could.
"Please, don't ask," she pleaded with him. "What happened is not important now. I made sure Malachi can't play that hand again. Please, just drop it." When she met his gaze, Brody was mortified, like he'd figured out what happened. She desperately hoped not because she refused to relive her own private hell.
"Are you sure Malachi can't do that again?" Jess demanded.
Fallon turned back to her. "Yes, positive. Neither Robert nor Tremaine ever wanted to be in that situation again. There was enough guilt all the way around. They both have special wards. Hell, I've done the same for everyone I've tattooed since. That includes you, Jess, and all the wolves that have been in. I know I didn't mention the extra ward, but I cast it on autopilot now." Fallon shrugged and looked away from all of them. "I guess I'm a little paranoid." Or a lot.
"I'm glad." Jess squeezed Fallon's hand. "I remember what happened."
Jess was half the reason Fallon got involved with the Dales in San Francisco. Jess, Damon, and a few other friends were abducted. Fallon went to get them out. Robert and Tremaine tried to talk her out of going, but she was the only one who could resist the vampires gaze. All hell broke loose, but between the three of them, they broke up the ring, and freed everyone who wasn't there by choice.

* * * *

Brody's heart was breaking for his fiery druid. That monster forced her friends to? he wasn't sure, but by the look of shame on her face and her conversation with the mage, he was guessing rape. No wonder Jess was wary of the mage coming out. He couldn't imagine being put in Robert's position.
There was a knock on the door, and Slater turned to open it with a look back at Brody. "Hayden called. He had some questions for you two."
Hayden stepped inside. He looked worried, and gave Fallon a sympathetic look. His tone was even subdued, which wasn't usual when he was getting down to the bottom of something.
Hayden said, "I saw something streak out of the parking lot, and when I came to investigate I saw you two back there. I know something happened, but not what." Hayden gave Fallon a long look. "I talked to some friends who know you. I know you're solid, Fallon. Whatever left the parking lot has to be bad news."
She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. "Yeah, Malachi is bad news. He is one of the oldest Shadowstalkers and he's not as dead as everyone wanted to believe. I tried to tell them all."
"We should have listened," Jess muttered against Slater's chest.
Slater cleared his throat. "Fallon agreed to teach us how to deal with the Shadowstalkers."
"You're going to want to be there," Fallon told Hayden. "Bring anyone powerful enough to put up a fight, and all the healers. They're going to go after the strongest first."
"I'll call everyone I can think of who might make their list," Slater promised.
Hayden sighed. "You're going to want to invite Dacia, but I'm not sure we can trust her."
Brody wanted to protest, but Fallon's eyes zeroed in on Hayden. "Can I ask why?"
"She's a powerful witch and half fae. I know her father. He's from the air kingdom. I've seen her pull some nasty magic when she practices."
"Explains the way her energy fluxes. She'll be good in a fight against them if she'll listen to me." Fallon's brow pinched as she shoved her hands in her pockets with a shrug. "No wonder she didn't think much of me. Most fae think they're better than everyone."
Brody stifled a grin because she didn't even attempt to apologize to Hayden for that comment. To his credit, he didn't seem to take offense.
"Oh, she thinks plenty of you, Fallon." Jess sneered. "It's clear where you and Brody are headed."
Her cheeks flooded with color, and Brody had to smile when she muttered, "We didn't even touch last night."
"Didn't have to. We all saw the way you watched each other. Don't try to deny it either. Plus, it was pretty obvious what you two were getting up to before we showed up." Jess grinned at Fallon, and then winked at Brody.
"What do you want me to say?" Fallon closed her eyes and leaned against the wall. "I wasn't trying to start anything." She looked so sad when she looked at Jess. "You know my track record. I'll fuck everything up. You know I will. I just can't resist him."
Brody was determined to change her mind about fucking anything up between them. He ran the back of his knuckles along her cheek and her gaze found his. Her lip quivered, so he took her hand. "Hey, don't assume I'm going to be the last asshole who fucked up, or the one before. Somehow, I don't think you were ever the problem, Fallon."
She chewed her lip, probably looking for an argument. He smiled back at her, and ran his thumb across her bottom lip.
"Good." Jess grinned. "About time the both of you found someone to make you happy."
Brody wisely kept his mouth shut and squeezed Fallon's hand. She seemed to relax but still shot Jess a dirty look.
Fallon said, "I still don't think we should take whatever this is public, yet. I don't want Brody in more danger. And I want to make sure Dacia doesn't start something, because I don't want her crying foul when I hand her ass to her."
Hayden actually chuckled. "Oh, when you used her own element to knock her off her feet, she realized you were more than you appear. She left faster than you did. She's not going to start something."
Fallon shook her head and gave each of them a pointed look. "Why didn't anyone warn me beforehand?"
Brody was just as surprised as she was. "I just found out."
Hayden spoke up, "I think Dakota and Tomahawk are the only two who know, besides me. Dacia's kept it a secret. Her brother doesn't even know. Her mother claimed she didn't know who the father was and everyone assumed he was human."
Fallon nodded. "Then there's a chance Malachi doesn't know and we want to keep it that way if possible."
"I wouldn't count on that. Her father is well known among the fae." Hayden explained
Jess snorted. "You okay with Dacia being there?"
"If she behaves herself, I will too." Fallon shrugged.
It didn't matter that the vampires had their sights on Fallon for years. They wouldn't have known she was in Edenton if she hadn't gotten involved with him in the first place. That tore Brody up.
"What did I get you into?" Brody backed away.
Fallon caught his arm before he could move out of reach and dragged him back with more strength than seemed possible. She took his face in her hands. "Trust me, Brody. Malachi has had plans for me for a very long time. You didn't do anything to encourage him to come after me."
That didn't make him feel any better.
Chapter 9


Fallon wanted to get rid of Jess, Slater and Hayden so she could chase that fearful look off Brody's face. He barely knew her. He shouldn't be so scared for her. She needed to make him forget about the fear, and maybe forget hers in the process.
She turned back to Slater. "When can you get people together tomorrow? You'll need a space big enough I can teach them some techniques to use against vampires and dark mages."
"Noon." The alpha shot Brody a smirk. "I hear you aren't much of a morning person."
She laughed out loud. "We were drinking until what? Like four in the morning? Your man Brody woke my ass up at eight after less than four hours of sleep. Was I supposed to be all peaches and cream?"
"I suppose not."
Hayden cleared his throat. "I have a few things to check on. I'll see you tomorrow." He let himself out.
There was a sexy little smile on Brody's lips as he looked over at her.
"Right," Slater said. "We'll be leaving." He started for the door.
Jess hugged her tight and rose up on her toes to whisper in her ear. "Enjoy, but I want details tomorrow." Slater pulled Jess out of the house as Fallon dissolved into giggles.
The door shut loudly, and Brody flipped the lock before looking at Fallon.
She licked her lips, and wondered what he was going to do. She hoped he'd pick up where they left off before the interruption.
He stalked toward her, his eyes caressing her body. "You don't think this is too fast?"
"Not sure I care." She whispered as she grabbed his belt loop and dragged him into her. She swallowed hard and tried to think as she looked into his smoky blue eyes. "Unless this is too fast for you?"
"I feel like I've been waiting an awful long time for you, sugar. If I change my mind, I'll tell you. But you're going to have to stop me if I go too far." His mouth descended on hers in a burning rush and his fingers swept her hair away from her face.
She sucked his tongue, and he groaned as his hands smoothed down her back, pressing her into his body. No, there was no stopping. She needed him, all of him, any way she could get him.
Fallon got to his buttons, but he gripped the bottom of her shirt and yanked it up, leaving her arms tangled above her covered face as he popped the front clasp of her bra.
"Mmm, like icing on a really good cake." He flicked his tongue over her nipple ring, before taking her taut bud into his hot, wet mouth. He caressed her other breast, rolling her tip between his fingers, tugging just right on the ring.
"Brody." She gasped, but was too lost in the pleasure to think straight. He had her so worked up she had trouble getting her damned shirt off, but she wanted to see.
"God, Fallon, you sure do taste sweet." He sucked her into his mouth and gently pulled the ring with the tip of his tongue. That felt really damned good.
Finally free, she dropped her shirt and bra to the ground and looked down. She couldn't resist combing her fingers through his golden blond hair. He purred against her, suckling, driving her crazy.
"More," she groaned as his hand slid down her stomach. "Please."
Brody took a detour, his mouth trailing kisses down her stomach and she almost protested, but it felt so damn good that the anticipation of where he was going drove her crazy. He opened her jeans, and got rid of the rest of her clothes while he licked into her navel and toyed with her belly ring. He looked up the line of her body, meeting her gaze. There was such primal heat in his eyes that she froze, feeling like prey. No one had ever made her feel so desired. She was totally nude while he knelt at her feet with all of his clothes still on. Something about that just revved her engine.
His lips were moist and parted, and desire burned in his smoky blue eyes. A rush of warmth coursed through her as he pulled one leg over his shoulder then spread her open with his thumbs. "This okay?" he whispered, devouring her with his gaze.
"Yes." If he didn't get with the program she was going to die. "Please Brody," she begged, and would have continued but his tongue brushed over that tiny bundle of nerves. She nearly fell apart, it was so good.
He explored her slick heat with long sure licks circling smaller and smaller around her clit. With one long finger he pushed his way inside, bringing a strangled cry from her lips. He fell into a rhythm between his tongue, mouth and fingers, driving her crazy. Her hips rocked against him as she grabbed a fistful of his hair to hold him there. His satisfied growl vibrated through her, shattering and rebuilding her in a white, hot inferno of bliss. The pleasure was so intense she struggled to stay upright with one hand on the counter while he lapped up her honey.
He picked her up and carried her upstairs and into his room. "Still with me?" he purred.
She could only nod, totally incapable of words.
Brody laid her down and took a step away from the bed. She propped herself on her elbows to get a better view as he pulled his shirt over his head. His abs flexed and relaxed as he tossed his shirt away. He slowly opened the buttons of his fly, her body clenching with each pop. He pushed his jeans down his strong thighs and kicked the rest of his clothes off.

* * * *

Brody stared down at Fallon, lost in her beauty. Her skin was flushed, her nipples pebbled, and she was still glossy and wet as she lay there totally open to his gaze. Her skin was so soft over her long lean muscles and dangerous curves. He loved her tattoos and even the piercings because they were another part of her. "Look at you, Fallon. I've never seen a woman as sexy as you."
Climbing to her knees, she licked her luscious lips. Her demand was low and sultry. "Shut up and come here."
He knelt on the bed, and she moved lightning quick as she pushed him onto his back and bent over him, taking his hard length into her mouth.
"Fallon? don't? wait," he panted, but she wasn't stopping as her tongue swirled around his tip before enveloping him in the heat of her mouth. "Oh yes," he groaned as she pulled off him to lick him from base to crown before taking him back into her mouth.
Watching his cock disappear between her lips over and over again was the hottest thing he had ever seen, especially with her stellar ass swaying. Her nails lightly scored over his balls and down his perineum. He nearly came down her throat when her finger traced over his asshole and back up to his balls, only to repeat her path over and over again.
He was about to explode and he needed inside her in the worst possible way. His hands tangled in her hair as he pulled her off with a pop. "Fallon, please? Fallon," he pleaded as she looked up at him.
Her lips were swollen and glossy, her eyes half open, those long lashes so pretty. "What?" she whispered as she climbed into his lap and licked around one of his nipples.
His head fell back. "Christ, you undo me," he answered in a rush of breath. Her hand wrapped around his base and she slid over him, so tight. "Fallon, oh sweet heaven," he cried but thrust into her because he needed to. "You feel so damned good." He held her there, loving the way she gripped him deep inside.
Then she began to move, her hips gliding up and swirling back down until he was dizzy from the pleasure. Just before he spun out of control, she melted against him and stilled. She took his face in her hands as she kissed him long and deep, until he was crazed with need.
He wrapped his hands around her hips, and drove into her slick heat. Groaning, she began to ride him slowly. He sat up to touch more of her. His hands traveled up her back to tangle in her hair as he kissed down her throat.
Her hips rocked faster, taking him deeper. "Please, Fallon." he begged between gasping breaths because he was seriously losing his goddamned mind.
"Yes, oh Brody" she moaned, her head fell back. She rode him hard, not stopping even when he lost his rhythm. And then he rocketed over the edge as he called out her name. Her release milked his, drawing the pleasure out forever. An eternity later, she collapsed on top of him.
Brody took her hands in his as she laid there, her head over his heart, her hair spread across his chest and arms. They stayed there, losing track of time. She was his, she was meant to be with him, a part of him. He just had to convince her that he belonged to her.

* * * *

Fallon's body still rung with pleasure so intense she couldn't move. She felt at home sprawled on top of Brody with her ear over his heart.
At least until the phone rang. He groaned and reached for it with one arm, but the movement made her inner muscles clench. Okay, that made her panic a little. She felt him harden, and then he wrapped his free hand around her hip to keep her there.
He purred. "Hello?" Yeah, not a good place to stay with him on the phone with Goddess knew who. She climbed off him and the bed. "Oh Fallon. Please stay, sugar." He reached to pull her back but she shook her head, and backed toward the bathroom.
"Excuse me?" he growled into the phone and sat upright. She couldn't blame him for the attitude when she just wanted to make love to him all over again.
Shit. They didn't just have sex. They made love.
Fallon's heart stopped for a second and then started pounding. She closed herself in the bathroom, and started the shower so she could think.
Maybe he was right, maybe he wasn't like all the other assholes in her past. He certainly seemed to want her as is. Maybe he was strong enough that she wouldn't change him for the worse. He was so different than anyone that came before.

* * * *

Brody was ready to strangle Adam. He should have ignored the damned phone. He expected someone calling to update him about Jolene and the baby. But no, Adam was being a nosy intrusive dickhead.
"Really? You aren't going to tell me what happened, dude?" Adam snorted. "You're going to hold out on me?"
"Fuck Adam, did you have a real reason to call? Or do you just want to seriously piss me off? 'Cause you are." Brody quietly snarled. He had a feeling Fallon was going to bolt, and he needed his dumbass brother off the damned phone so he could stop that from happening.
"Okay, okay." He sighed in exasperation. "I just wanted to give you the good news. Jolene finally had the baby. They had a boy, they named him Jacob. He's adorable."
Brody glanced over at the picture of Sarah. He couldn't breathe for a moment as the past washed over him, leaving him hollow. His chest ached and his eyes flooded with tears.
He remembered her last call. God, he couldn't breathe and he felt so damned empty. She told him she was pregnant, and he was so happy. The next morning, all of his hopes and dreams were eradicated when he got the call that she was dead.
Brody heard the water shut off, bringing him back to the present. A present filled with a fiery redhead who brought him back to life. He wasn't alone anymore. But she started to distance herself as soon as the phone rang. He had to stop her from leaving.
"Hey, Brody. You there, man?" Adam asked softly. "You okay?"
"Yeah. Sorry." He scrubbed a hand over his face and took a deep breath. "Tell Dakota and Jolene congratulations. I have to take care of something. I can't come out tonight but I'll see them soon. Send them my love."
"Okay. I'll send some pictures." Adam hung up.
Brody sat on the edge of the bed for a minute and tried to get his thoughts in order. He knew she always walked away from men and she didn't look back. Maybe no one had ever chased her before, but he sure as hell would. They shared something. Something she might not be ready to admit.
His phone pinged with a text. He made the mistake of opening a picture of the baby. Tears spilled over as he looked up at Sarah's picture, and memories drowned him in the past.

* * * *

Fallon paused with her hand on the doorknob, planning to do something she'd never bothered to do before. She was going to go in there, and climb back into bed with Brody, and just dive in. Not into sex, but into this, whatever this was.
She stepped into his room and froze. His gaze was locked on a picture where he was holding his wife. Tears streamed down his face. All of her doubts came flooding in.
How could she let this get so out of hand? Brody was still hung up on Sarah. He looked so devastated, probably regretting what they just did. In the bed he shared with her. Her picture right there, watching.
Oh Goddess, she felt horrible. There was no way in hell anything could ever work between them. Brody was exactly what every man should be but never was. He'd probably chase after her and try to convince her he was ready. Obviously he wasn't.
Brody needed more time, and a perfect woman. Fallon was neither patient, nor good enough. She could only warp and twist him if she stayed. Her unwillingness to compromise screwed over every man she ever bothered with.
Damon was so dead set against magic, so she hid what she was capable of. They were fine until she saved him from the Dales. He was so horrified by what she did that he wouldn't even talk to her.
Preston use to be a fun guy to hang out with, until they had sex. Then he became Captain Douche, trying to convince her to do things she wouldn't, and that went over oh so well. He was a total asshole now.
And Isaac, he'd been such a good friend. She finally gave into him, and he swore up and down he could live without his kinks. She drove him to cheating when he swore he loved her. There were countless others and none of them walked away the same.
It was better to end this now, before she could do any real damage. Her heart was breaking. She should have just gone back to the apartment after Slater and Jess left.
Brody didn't even look up when she snuck out of the room. That hurt, but she knew deep down that letting him in would only hurt in the end.
Tears filled her eyes. No. She wouldn't cry. She fought back the tears as she hurried into her clothes, scooped up her shoes and slammed the door on her way out.
It was pouring down rain, and she stood on the porch a second, breathing hard. She could call Jess, but she didn't want to talk. She could run, but she didn't know where to go. There was only one place to go, so she ran to the apartment, up the stairs and burst inside.
Fallon flung the door shut and sank into a heap on the floor. She threw her shoes at the wall and slammed her head into the door. Then her phone rang and she pried it out of her pocket and threw it without looking at it. The back popped off and the battery skittered across the floor.
It was one of two people calling. Jess, or Brody and she couldn't bring herself to talk to either of them. Jess would have a million questions she couldn't answer. Or Brody and she had to end things with him. That is if he didn't come to his senses and do it himself. Man, she just wanted to forget all about him.
Her eyes burned and she pressed her hands to her face. No crying, no fucking crying, she told herself. She never cried about Isaac. She didn't even cry over Damon who crushed her when he left. So she shouldn't cry over a man she barely knew. She just had to hold herself together and not fall apart.

* * * *

The door slammed downstairs, and Brody shook his head, pulling himself out a sea of lost hopes and dreams. They were all replaced with a new beginning and a bright future.
Shit, how did I miss her leave?
She probably saw him crying and assumed the worse. He wiped the tears away with the back of his hand and hurried into a pair of jeans before racing down the stairs. He nearly fell on his face, but caught himself.
At least her Harley wasn't ready yet. As long as she didn't leave he could fix this. He started dialing but her phone just rang and rang. He prayed she'd open the door. He hurried out of his house and up the stairs to the apartment.
He pounded on the door. "Fallon, talk to me."
"Go away." Her voice was so cold. "We're done, we're over." She was hurting, and that tore him up. He had to make her see the truth.
"Damn it Fallon." He slammed his palm against the wood. "Don't shut me out before you give me a chance to explain."
She didn't say anything and her ragged breathing was the only thing he heard.
He took a deep breath, and tried for a calmer tone. "Please Fallon, just hear me out."

* * * *

Maybe Brody was there to end things. He certainly sounded pissed. Either way, Fallon knew this was going to hurt. She'd rather run, but Brody deserved the truth.
If Malachi wasn't looking for her, she would find a way to leave, but once he was dealt with she was out.
Brody hit the door again and she jumped. "Fallon, open the damn door. We need to talk."
"Fine. You want to do this now?" She pushed herself to her feet, finally getting angry. She threw the door open. "We'll do this now."
He stood there with his arms crossed over his bare chest, the rain glistening off his skin, and his eyes blazing. "Why did you leave?"
"Look, we don't need to do this. You obviously realized it was a big mistake. I'm nothing like what you had. So let's just skip the bullshit talk about backing off when we both know this can't work."
His arms fell to his sides, and the fire in his eyes dimmed. "I know what you thought, but if you had just asked, I could have cleared that up." He threw the door shut and the sound thundered against her. Then he leaned against the only exit as if he thought she would bolt.
She didn't blame him. She wanted to flee, but they were here and they were doing this. "What good would it do? What does it change?"
Anger flashed through the hurt in his eyes, and he took a step closer. "Ask about the phone call," he demanded.
"Who was on the phone?"
"Adam. He called with good news. Jolene and Dakota had their baby. They named him Jacob." He glanced away but swung those blue eyes right back to hers. "So yeah, I was thinking about the past for a minute, but nothing to do with you. I don't regret what we did. Why the hell do you think I'm here?"
"Honestly?"
"Yes."
"To tell me we are a mistake. That you were wrong, I'm not what you want."
"You're wrong," he insisted.
"I'm right. You were so devastated while you stared at her picture." She shook her head, backing away, and dropped her eyes. "Think about this for a minute. I'm all wrong for you. You're the perfect, considerate guy, and I let you take me into your room, that you shared with your wife, with her picture right there, and fucked your brains out. I didn't even think about her. I was thoughtless, and inconsiderate, and-"
His hands tangled in her hair, and he was kissing her like he needed the air in her lungs. She didn't know what the fuck to do, because that was not what she expected.
When she finally got her wits together, she shoved him back. "Don't. Just don't make this harder. We have to end this."
"Why?" He asked, and when she shook her head, he added, "Did you ever think that if it's hard to walk away, you shouldn't?"
Two could play that game. "Did you ever think that if you're crying over your dead wife just minutes after fucking another woman, you're not ready for that woman?
He spun her around and backed into the wall so fast she couldn't react. Then he rolled his hips into her, showing her just how ready he was. "Does this feel like I'm not ready?" He breathed into her ear.
"Don't, Brody. You're going to hate yourself when you realize I'm not worth this trouble. I ruin every man I'm with. I don't want that for you."
He took her chin in his fingers and forced her gaze to his. "You weren't the problem. How can you blame yourself for some asshole cheating on you?"
"I couldn't give him what he needed." She answered honestly. "I never even made the effort. I wouldn't now, not even with you. So just walk away before I can hurt you." A tear fell and she squeezed her eyes shut. She couldn't give in, and she didn't want him to see her fall apart. This hurt so much worse than she ever anticipated.
"Bullshit. I don't want to change you. I don't want you to be something you're not. I want you, and only you."
She hated herself, but she opened her eyes and went below the belt. "Then why the waterworks right after fucking me in her bed?"
His eyes bored into her. "The last time Sarah ever called, she told me she was pregnant. She'd been in Iraq for months. We spent every minute of her leave together but she had to go back. It was another month until she called with the news that she was pregnant and coming home." His voice broke, but his gaze held. "The very next day, I got a call that her transport was bombed. So yeah, Adam's call brought up an old wound, and that hurt, but I've moved on."
Guilt washed over her. It all made sense, but that only emphasized how wrong she was for him. "I'm sorry," she whispered, and tried to push him away, but he wasn't going anywhere. "Let me go, please. Just walk away now before it hurts worse."
"No way in hell." He leaned into her and growled, "I'm not going anywhere."
"Damn it, Brody. This can't work." Her tears spilled over. "I'm fucking things up just like I always do. I'm not right for you. Please, just go."
"No." He ran his thumbs under her eyes, catching the tears. "You don't get to take the easy way out, Fallon. You wouldn't shed a tear if you didn't feel the same about me."
"That's the problem. I need to get out now before I can't walk away from you. Before I manage to-"
His mouth closed over hers, effectively putting an end to her argument. He took a handful of her hair and gently pulled her head back, but there was still heat in his words. "Don't, Fallon. Don't tell me to let you go again." He breathed into her ear. "I won't. I'll fight, I'll play dirty, but you're going to see that I want all of you, even the flaws."
Brody's other hand trailed down her stomach to open her pants. Damn her, but she let him, and his fingers slid under her panties. He went straight for her clit, pressing just right, wrenching a cry from her lips.
"Tell me you don't want this and I'll stop," he promised as he pressed two fingers into her heat and slowly slid them back out. "Tell me you feel nothing for me and I'll go."
"Brody," she whispered.
He pulled his hand away and murmured against her throat. "What? Tell me. Do you want me?"
"Yes. Goddess help me, but yes."
His hands caressed down her body to push her pants down. His thumb grazed over the top of her sex, as he took her mouth in a hard kiss.
She couldn't think when he touched her, but this wasn't like the last time. This was intense and all consuming, and she knew he meant everything he said. She was terrified because she was falling hard for him. How the hell was she supposed to push him away when he was telling her everything she needed to hear?
Climax washed over her, and he swallowed her cries. He didn't stop kissing her until she finally stilled.
There was an edge to his voice. "We need to talk, but you need to listen too."
"Yeah, we do." She just wasn't sure how she was going to survive the conversation.
"Come on, then." He marched into her bedroom. Fallon pulled her pants up and fastened them before following.
He stood in the middle of the room with a dark look that made her want him more.
"Talk," Brody demanded.
A harsh laugh escaped. "If you think you can just get me off and win an argument, you've got another thing coming."
"Damn it, Fallon. This isn't about winning an argument. I need you to see that I want you, all of you, just the way you are. I'm not asking you to change. I'm not asking you to fall for me. I'm asking you to give me a chance because we have a connection."
"We can't work, Brody. I'm not what you think. I'm not what you want. Just let me go." She heaved a sigh, terrified he might actually take her advice. Shit, the direction of her thoughts wasn't helping. She wanted to protect him from herself.
He shook his head slowly. "Can you honestly say you feel nothing for me, Fallon?"
She wished she could. Instead she stood there, frozen in his gaze.
Brody took a step toward her. "Tell me you feel nothing for me, and I'll walk away now."
"I can't." Fallon pushed her fingers through her hair. "I can't. Okay?"
"Then don't shut me out." He closed the distance and stood over her, barely an inch away, not touching her. His eyes burned into her. "I'm not like them. Let me prove it."
"No. You're not. You're better than that."
"So are you."
"Fuck, Brody. What makes you think we can work?" She moved to step away, but his hands gently wrapped around her upper arms and she stayed.
"Since the night you saved my ass, I've been falling. Being with you just feels natural. When you aren't with me, I feel emptier. Trust me, I know what empty feels like."
He wrecked her. Fallon caught his face in her hands and kissed him hard, until she remembered why she was fighting this in the first place. She pulled away. "What happens when this falls apart?"
"I won't let it." His mouth trailed down her throat and her head fell back.
She believed him. "We'll try this." Her eyes closed and she whispered, "On one condition."
"Name it." He pulled her shirt over her head and threw it before popping the clasp and shoving her bra down.
"We can't tell everyone. Just your friends."
He had her pants open and around her thighs when he pushed her onto the bed. When she looked up at him, he got rid of the rest of her clothes.
"Done. Just tell me why." Brody opened the top button of his jeans and pulled. Every pop of the buttons ramped up her need.
"I don't want Malachi focusing on you. He'll use you against me, and you don't know what he would do to you."
He kicked his pants away and pushed her legs open as he climbed between. "Okay. That it?" His voice was low and husky. No way in hell would any other man ever get away with this, but she wanted all of what he had in a bad way.
"Yeah," she said breathlessly. "Now come here."
He reached down to pump his length a few times before fitting himself against her gate. Oh, that was so hot. She wrapped her legs around his waist, hooked her ankles and pulled him into her. "Now, I need you now." She gasped as he hit home.
"Mmm, ditto," he rasped as he pulled out slowly, only to thrust in hard. "I can't hold back," he said through clenched teeth.
"Don't. I need hard." She ended on a cry as he pounded into her. He kept going, over and over, until she was clutching his wrists and screaming his name. It was raw, and heated, and so damn good she came apart at the seams.
When he found his release, he whispered her name like a prayer. Her tears burst free as all her barriers come crashing down. Everything was laid bare as he burrowed deep inside her heart.
Brody rolled to his side, pulling her with him. She wrapped her arms around his neck and held on. He whispered in her ear. "I've got you. I'm yours. I'm never letting you go."
"Just don't change for me, Brody."
"I won't, and don't you dare, either."
"Promise," she whispered against his neck.
Chapter 10


Brody woke warm and sated for the first time in so long. Fallon was curled against him, her arm around his waist, her soft breasts pressed into his side, and her cheek over his heart. He was covered in her silken hair.
When he looked down, he saw something moving down her back. He gently moved her hair to the side, and his breath caught. Her tattoos had come alive. The waterfall flowed down her spine, the animals prowled, birds flew across her shoulders, and a breeze blew through the trees.
Her hand slid up his chest and he glanced over. Just above her elbow, big green eyes of a calico cat stared at him. She was half-hidden by foliage. He rubbed between her ears and felt nothing but skin, but he could swear the cat moved, pushing her head against his touch.
His cell rang, and Brody cursed under his breath. He untangled Fallon and scooped up his jeans as he stepped out of the room, and quietly shut the door.
"What?" he whispered harshly.
"Ooh, everything okay?" Danika asked with real concern.
"Yeah." He walked to the window. "Everything is fine."
"Mind if Adam and I come over? Maybe for breakfast?"
"Is my dickhead brother going to drill me on what happened last night? 'Cause he nearly fucked everything up." Hell, Brody almost screwed up by pushing too hard, but he needed to get through to her. He never meant to make her cry and he felt like a dick for that, but she didn't kick him out, and she woke him up halfway through the night to make love to him again.
"? dude, what the hell is going on with you?" Adam demanded.
"Sorry." Brody sighed. "Little distracted here. Breakfast? Say in an hour."
"Did Fallon hurt you? I will so fire her ass if she hurt you." his brother snarled.
"No," Brody just about shouted. "I hurt her when I answered the damn phone after making love to her." He ran a hand through his hair. "We're together now, but you can't tell anyone just yet. Swear to me you'll keep this quiet."
"Hey, bro, I'm happy for you, but why the hell wouldn't you take it public? Maybe Dacia would leave you the fuck alone."
Brody snorted. "Doubtful. Look, there are some good reasons not to spread it around. So you can keep your trap shut or I can kick your ass. You already caused enough shit last night."
"Okay, man. Okay. I'm sorry."
Brody smiled a little. "We worked things out, so you're off the hook, unless you start shit. When should I expect you?"
"By nine. We'll see you soon."

* * * *

"Fallon, baby, wake up." Brody's voice pulled her from sleep, his gentle fingers tracing the curve of her cheek.
She opened her eyes to find Brody sitting beside her. "Morning," she murmured, and sat up to lay her head on his shoulder. His big arms wrapped around her.
"I would have made you coffee but you don't have anything up here. I should have thought of that."
She smiled to herself. "Not like I've been up here all that much. No big deal." She sighed. "Maybe tonight you can take me by the store."
"Sure." He leaned back and tipped her head up. "I've got to go make breakfast. Danika and Adam are coming over. So, how about you get ready and meet me down there?"
"I'll be right down."
"Okay." Brody stood and backed out of the room. "I'll have coffee ready by then, sugar."
"Wait, tell me something. Do you really call Jess sugar?" If he did, she never wanted to hear the word again.
He laughed softly as he came back to her to wrap her in his embrace. "No, never. Never called anyone sugar, but I had to come up with some excuse because I can't seem to help myself with you."
"Good, I like the way you say it." She took his mouth again.
Brody broke the kiss and caressed her face. "Hurry up and come down." He let her go and walked to the door, but he smiled over his shoulder before leaving.
She missed him the second the door closed. With a sigh, she looked down and saw her phone, the back, and battery all lying on the floor. She'd be lucky if it wasn't broken.
The night came back to her, the roller coaster of emotion. In a few hours she went from warmth, to terror, to lust, to despair, to truth, and then falling blindly into whatever she shared with Brody. Her emotions were too big, too deep, and she knew she could easily drown in them.
She picked up the pieces, put her phone together and powered it on.
The phone rang as she walked to the bathroom. "Hi Jess."
"You okay?" she asked tentatively.
"Yeah, little overwhelmed, but I'm good."
"Afraid you're in over your head?"
"Oh, I'm definitely in over my head." She turned the water on. "I'm not running though."
"Good. Brody's good for you, and I think you know it."
"He is." She still wasn't sure she was good for him, but she was willing to try. She just wasn't ready to talk about him yet. "So, what's up? Please tell me you're calling about something other than my mess of emotions."
Jess giggled. "Well I do want details, but I called to tell you Jamie is coming up early. She'll be here tomorrow, and I want to make sure you're still planning to make your chili."
"What?" Fallon just about shouted. "Does she know about the Dales and all the bullshit up here?"
"Yes. And she's still moving up. Everything is in place, so really, there isn't much to do but accept it."
"What the fuck, Jess. I know she was never in their hands but you were. Why the hell didn't you talk her out of moving?"
"You know as well as I do she wouldn't listen. Look, she wants to be up here with us. So please, make your chili and come hang out with us tomorrow night. We're going to help her unpack."
"Fine." Fallon sighed. "I just hope things don't go as wrong with the Dales as they did last time."
"I honestly don't think it will. I haven't seen anything to make me think the situation will spiral out of control like before."
Except she hadn't seen shit about the Dales last time either, but Fallon wasn't going to point that out. "All right. Chili tomorrow then. I need to shower and get back to Brody. He's fixing us breakfast."
"You sure did find yourself the perfect man. I can't wait until Jamie gets here so you can fill us in on all the hot, steamy details."
"Please. Like you don't have your own hot and steamy? I'm sure you won't shut up and I'll be spared sharing."

* * * *

Forty of Edenton's strongest Others and the town's few healers were gathered in the middle of the old mill. There was a raised section along the outside of the main room with a railing like an observation deck. The pack had trained here for years.
Everyone was lined up in a ring while Fallon stood in the middle teaching self-defense against Shadowstalkers and dark mages.
Dacia still couldn't believe Slater had invited her to this training session, especially with Fallon running the show. How in the abyss did a druid know a damned thing about Shadowstalkers and dark mages in the first place? And why the hell wasn't Hayden watching Fallon like a hawk? Instead the good sheriff was watching Dacia like she was some kind of terrorist.
Fallon seemed to know what she was talking about. She was a superb instructor, and somehow managed to teach Dakota how to throw the biggest werewolf in the pack. The shaman was hopeless when it came to fighting. He was a pacifist through and through.
She repeatedly asked Dacia to join in, but she was unwilling to show off all her tricks. It was tempting to go after Fallon and put her in her place.
One thing held Dacia back. Brody. Attacking Fallon would kill any remote chance she currently had.
Brody stepped into the ring to spar with Fallon. They circled each other. All that big, hot, hard male stalking her and Fallon just smirked. Then Brody dove at her, aiming for her hips.
Fallon just wasn't there. She twirled out of the way in a graceful move and then came up behind him. He spun, and lunged. This time Fallon went down, and Dacia whooped.
Brody crawled up her body, in a way that looked distinctly sexual with the way he took her hands in his and drew them up over her head as he covered her with his body. Dacia wanted to strangle the cunt.
Fallon got her leg free and placed her foot at his hip, probably on that damned tattoo, and shoved him off of her.
Dacia blinked and found Fallon several yards away. Brody rolled to his feet, biting his lip with a look of concentration on his face.
Hayden's deep voice startled her. "Why did you agree to come if you're just going to watch?"
Her eyes swung his way, ire bubbling through her veins. She had to force herself to let go of the railing. "Why did you have to tell everyone about my father?"
"The Dales are trying to use us." He narrowed his eyes on hers. "I think it's best to get everyone with any power on the same page. The more your peers know about your abilities, the easier it is for everyone to work together."
"So you're saying I have some power?" She snorted. He never thought much of her before.
His dark eyes were accusatory at best. "Yes, and you are part of this community." His hands clenched into fists before relaxing. Asshole didn't trust her.
Maybe he just needed to get a fae under him and he'd loosen up for once in his life. She took another glance at him. It was too bad she had her sights set on Brody.
Dacia raised a single brow. "And yet, you're watching me like I'm some kind of criminal."
"I have to wonder what you're planning after you tried to start a fight with Fallon at the bar." His gaze swung back to the match.
Brody charged Fallon, his eyes locked on her in determination. She sidestepped him in a blur and had his arm pinned so far up his back that he slammed down to his knees. A breathy grunt exploded from him. It all happened between one blink and the next.
Hayden looked back at Dacia. She looked up to find a snarky smirk. "Brody is big, strong and fast. Fallon just put him on his knees." The amusement on his face pissed her off. "And he doesn't seem to mind."
When she looked back, Brody grinned as Fallon took his hand and pulled him to his feet. Then she gave him praise, just seconds after she'd humiliated him.
Dacia was going to show the bitch she was better.

* * * *

"Damn girl." Slater chuckled. "I'm impressed. You can put my best man on his knees like that." He was much too amused, and some of the other wolves laughed in response.
Fallon still felt guilty that she might have made Brody look weak in front of his pack. Most of them were giving him high fives so he must not look too bad. They found out she was faster than the wolves pretty fast. Dacia might be even faster. Air fae typically were, but only being half, and the fact that she wouldn't participate, Fallon had no way of knowing for sure.
"Why don't you show us what you've got?" Fallon taunted Slater.
"Yeah, but Jess already told me you could take me, and she's never wrong." He turned to Brody. "How about you and me?"
Brody nodded, not one to back down from a challenge. That was so incredibly hot. He might not be the biggest man in the room, but he was solid muscle and brawn. He was surprisingly limber for being so solid, and easily as graceful as any werecat she knew.
"I want to see what you can do," Hayden said softly as he came to stand next to Fallon. Last she looked he was talking with Dacia and didn't look happy. Whatever his motivation, she was curious to see what he could do in a sparring match.
Fallon dragged her eyes off of Brody to look up at Hayden. "Sure, just remember I have a lot of tricks up my sleeve. Don't get pissed off if I manage to surprise you."
There was a hint of smile on Hayden's face. "I may be a hardass, but I'm willing to bet you can counter anything I throw at you."
That was questionable. Hayden was gigantic and he was the second largest man in the place. There was another wolf, an enforcer in fact, who was taller and broader, but Simons was practically a giant at nearly seven feet tall. The sheriff was built like a lot of earth fae. He was tall, broad with huge muscles.
"I'm sure you have your own talents." She looked him up and down. Fallon knew enough to watch the ground because most Earth Fae could cause mini earthquakes. She expected Hayden to use compounds which are rocks formed out of dust and other particles. There was no doubt in her mind that he would be incredibly powerful and unbelievably strong.
"Come on, old man," Brody dared Slater. His voice pulled her attention. She watched him circle Slater. Both men were in battle stances, hands at the ready, and each looked lethal as they eyed each other.
Slater made his move. He stepped forward and swung his arm at Brody, who ducked down and came up on the alpha's side. Brody caught Slater's wrist and wrenched him around, just like she did to Brody only moments before.
A groan echoed from Slater, but he pulled a fancy move that shifted into a roundhouse kick, pulling him out of Brody's grasp. Brody leaned back just in time for Slater's foot to sail past where his head had been. Brody caught Slater's leg and used momentum of the kick to spin Slater into the floor so he could pin his alpha. The thud and Slater's grunt reverberated in her ears.
"I give, I give," Slater rasped out and winked at her. Crafty bastard.
Brody jumped to his feet, and pulled Slater to a stand. Fallon really wanted to cheer, but watched with the same expression she watched everyone else. Brody met hers gaze and she nodded but looked away before she could give him a warmer response.
It was killing her to ignore what she felt. She wanted to throttle Slater for swinging at Brody, and she couldn't, especially with Dacia giving her the hairy eyeball.

* * * *

Hayden had seen the way Brody and Fallon reacted to each other the night before. Brody was mating in a big way, and Hayden had to wonder if Fallon even realized it yet. After hearing about some of her past relationships, he wasn't sure how she'd take the bond. He wished Brody luck, but women were nothing but trouble.
Right now, he was a little worried about how Brody was going to react to watching him spar with Fallon.
Hayden had no intention of hurting her. Honestly, he wasn't sure he could. Fallon was fast, knew how to throw a punch, and was willing to use any advantage she had in a fight. She fought dirty and didn't seem to be a stranger to fighting out of her league. That wasn't right. Fallon was in a league of her own. She dominated every sparring match. Hayden suspected that Brody only managed to pin her because he saw a pattern.
The way she taught each person to use their own specific strengths to their advantage was brilliant. What she taught Dakota and the other two healers was very different than what she taught Tomahawk and the offensive casters. She varied what she taught the wolves based on size.
Hayden had been his king's general for a century and knew a million tactics. Fallon came up with things he had never even imagined. There was no doubt she was a warrior.
Brody came up beside Hayden, the warning clear in his gaze. "Remember your strength."
Dane, the nearest wolf, perked up.
Hayden gave Brody a look, but didn't bother saying anything. He'd keep their secret, but Brody was going to blow it if he kept up the attitude.
"You wanted to see what I can do?" Fallon asked as she moved into the ring, a smirk on her mouth. She had every right to be cocky.
He whipped his hands up as he stepped into the ring, summoning all the loose particles in the mill. Rocks the size of marbles formed above his hands, spinning and gathering mass. They grew to the size of bowling balls in seconds. He heard several gasps and knew Brody was either nervous, or flat out pissed.
Fallon snorted. She cupped her hands together in front of her mouth and blew air into the space. Her hands spread out as lightning danced within the circle of her hands. The crackle set his hair on end.
He flung his hands forward, hurling the rocks toward her. She shot one hand out, flinging the boulders right back. One landed at a wolf's feet and the other hit Hayden in the shin with more force than he threw the spell in the first place.
She drew her other arm back and threw the lightning sphere like a ball. He ducked, but she slashed her hand toward him and the spell zagged, hitting him square in the chest, knocking him flat. Thankfully he was resistant to most magic. Still hurt, but he absorbed the spell and sprung to his feet just in time for her to dart in and sweep her foot low, putting him right back on his ass.
He slammed his hands into the ground, and she did a backwards somersault as the ground rippled under her. She sprung to her feet with a grin. The floor kept rolling and knocked several werewolves down, Slater included.
"That all you got?" Fallon circled him as she breathed deep. Wind swirled through the building and spiraled around her, whipping loose tendrils of red hair around her. "Come on, Sheriff Hunter. You can do better than that."
He threw his hand out, feeling for energy under her feet, and then yanked his hand back, pulling the ground toward him.
Fallon stumbled, but managed to stay on her feet. Then she spun like a dervish. The wind formed a tight whirlwind around her, and then whipped toward him almost too fast to see. The compact tornado lifted him off his feet, spinning him into the air. A startled cry burst free, and then he was falling. He landed hard.
Hayden bolted up and threw his hands out, boulders forming as they hurtled toward her.
She stopped spinning on a dime, and spread her hands. Her eyes closed and her chest heaved as a brilliant flash of light blinded him. When his vision cleared, he saw the small piles of ash directly in front of the sheet of shimmering shield before her.
Hayden just blinked at her. "I've never seen anything like that." A slow smile pulled at his mouth. "I'm impressed."
"Me too. I knew you'd be able to manipulate the ground, even create those compounds, but your last spell was nearly too fast."
A laugh exploded from him. "Please, you countered before the rocks were close and nearly blinded me in the process."

* * * *

Brody's heart pounded in his chest. Watching Hayden come at Fallon was hell even though she countered everything he threw at her and knocked him on his ass repeatedly. He still wanted to beat the hell out of Hayden for pulling any of that shit.
Fallon impressed him, though. She was better than anyone could have imagined, and the things she managed to do blew his mind. Then again, he never considered Hayden might have any magic.
Brody moved to the platform to lean against the railing. He watched as Fallon taught a simple maneuver to block a vampire from biting. Pretending they were only friends was killing him. He needed to get a handle on himself in a major way.
"She's not coming on to you," Dacia said and he nearly jumped out of his skin. He never saw her come up. "But you're thinking about pursuing her."
He glanced over at Dacia. He knew there was no point lying. He'd been watching Fallon all day and couldn't hide his brewing temper. "Would it matter if I did?" He was so tired of Dacia's games.
She pouted back at Fallon. "She's nothing like Sarah."
"No. She's really not. But she's nothing like you either." He went back to watching Fallon.
"What is it about her that has you, the man who hasn't looked at another woman in years, completely enthralled?"
"She's full of life, funny, easy to talk to, incredibly talented, thinks of everyone but herself, and she doesn't give a damn what anyone else thinks about her. It's refreshing." There were a million more things he could say about Fallon.
"You didn't mention how beautiful she is." Dacia's eyes narrowed.
"Well, she is," he admitted. "And that would have warranted a first look, but beauty never kept my interest. I need substance, and Fallon has substance. She fits into everything in my life"
"Just like Sarah?" She snorted, obviously missing the point.
Better than Sarah, but he felt like an ass for thinking it. "It's not about Sarah. It shouldn't be about her. Besides, Sarah wouldn't want me to do what I've been doing the last four years. I wasn't living. But since Fallon showed up, I'm not so empty. So can you fault me if I'm considering it?"
Dacia scowled, and her hands wrapped around the railing until her knuckles were white. "Yes. You were supposed to get over her and want me." She shook her head. "Fallon's not right for you. She's trouble."
His gaze slid back to Dacia. "Why? Because she wouldn't take your bait? Because she didn't want to play your games?" One brow arched as he coldly stared at her.
"Fine, you've made your point. I will laugh when she won't take you. Hell, she barely looks at you." Dacia laughed coldly. "She hasn't made a single move. Has she?"
Thank God she doesn't know about last night. "I suppose we'll see."
"Hmph." Dacia stomped off.
Brody turned his attention to Fallon. She had moved on to ways to evade spells. Dacia stalked up to the circle of people surrounding Fallon. She disappeared and Fallon spun as she dropped to her knees, sliding out of the way. Dacia reappeared right where Fallon had been, with a long curved dagger with glowing red etching. There was an acrid smell of strange magic.
Brody was over the rail and on his way to them before he even thought about moving. A growl rumbled out of him that was all about protecting his mate.

* * * *

The longer Dacia talked to Brody the more she realized what a fool she'd been. He wanted Fallon because she was stronger than his dead wife. Fallon could fight, she could brawl, and she could protect herself. Dacia should have known. His wife was a damned soldier after all.
How the fuck did I miss that? Dacia seethed.
Well, she was going to show him a strong woman. One who could take Fallon down a few notches. Oh, Dacia wouldn't kill her, but she would cut the bitch who managed to outmaneuver the wolves, even Brody. She couldn't believe Fallon managed to overpower a fae warrior.
Fallon was too damned smug, and Brody only had eyes for her. That was going to change right now.
Dacia stalked back down to the group where Fallon was in the center giving some stupid speech about?who fucking knew. She was going to prove just how ineffectual all of the druid's bullshit techniques were, and how weak she really was.
Tapping into her fae side, she started to fade out, feeling lighter. She would disperse into the air and take her shape in time to harm Fallon, only enough to stop this unnecessary training session. They didn't need an outsider to protect them
When Brody realized Dacia was the stronger woman, he would finally see she was worthy.

* * * *

Fallon kept an eye on Dacia from the moment she walked into the building. She didn't trust the woman, half-fae, witch, or whatever. She had an unhealthy obsession with Brody and there was no way she was giving up so easily.
It came as no surprise when Dacia went to talk to Brody, or that she didn't like whatever he had to say. Fallon wasn't even surprised when Dacia started for the circle with a vicious and totally psycho gleam in her dark eyes. The closer Dacia got, the more warped her image became. Then she just disappeared.
Fallon knew what was coming because she had seen that trick before. Dropping to her knees, she spun away in a blur and came up behind Dacia. Fallon clocked Dacia upside the head hard enough to put her on the floor.
Dacia went down but was only there a second before she pulled another disappearing act, fazing into thin air.
Fallon reacted automatically, sending out a pulse of energy, knocking several wolves back, but also forcing Dacia to rematerialize. Dacia flailed and desperately tried to keep her balance. When she finally fell, Fallon sprung forward, snapped the blade out of her hand, and slammed the hilt into her temple. Dacia was dazed.
Cold magic hummed through the blade. Fallon jumped back out of Dacia's reach. There was an abundance of built up energy from all of the Others in the building. She closed her eyes and breathed in the energy, then used the extra power for a burst of magical strength to drive the blade straight into the concrete floor.
Fallon stood and walked back. Dacia kicked and screamed even as three wolves held her while Hayden put iron cuffs on her. Certain types of fae had the same problem with iron as werewolves did with silver. Dacia was the only one in the mill with that problem, so Hayden must have expected trouble. Iron cuffs weren't exactly standard issue.
"What the fuck?" Fallon demanded. Dacia blinked up at her, her face red with fury. "I'm trying to help you. If those vampires come after you, I won't be your enemy, but if you keep that bullshit up I'm not going to help you either. Is that what you want?"
"How in the abyss did you know what I was doing?" Dacia screamed. She wasn't fighting anymore but the iron had to burn, and the werewolves still held her.
Then Brody was at Fallon's side, staring daggers at the Dacia. A low rumbling growl rolled out of him, making the hairs at the back of her neck stand up.
Well, so much for our relationship staying a secret. Honestly though, Fallon was relieved. She was never good at pretending.
The wolves had probably figured out what was going on with the way he kept a protective eye on her the entire day. And now he was a mass of pissed off werewolf, radiating menace toward Dacia. Yeah, they knew the score.
"Hey Brody," Fallon said sternly as she caught his arm before he could take a step toward Dacia. He slowly turned his head to look at her. The absolute rage burning in his eyes would have scared the hell out of her if she didn't know exactly who his temper was directed at. "I've got this. Tone it down a notch."
He nodded and calmed down as that rumble died out instantly. He was still pissed, but he no longer looked like he was ready to tear Dacia's throat out. She was completely floored by how quickly he chilled.
She turned back to Dacia and took a breath. "I saw you phasing out and I knew what was coming. I've seen it before." Fallon narrowed her eyes. "I don't have the patience to play games. I may not look like much, but trust me, Dacia, you don't want to fuck with me."
"And what? Now you're just going to trust me?"
"No. But you have one last chance to back the fuck off. Regardless of what happens between Brody and me, it has nothing to do with you. From what I hear, you've been playing the same game for ten years. You can't blame me because Brody lost interest before it got started. Get over him already."
Tears streamed down Dacia's face. "I never had a chance. And you're fucking perfect."
Perfect? She was so far from perfect the notion would make her laugh if she wasn't so pissed off. "I'm not. I'm the first one to admit it, but I'm not trying to force someone to have feelings they don't have."
Dacia sniffled with her makeup was running down her tear-streaked face. "Now what?"
Unfortunately, they could use Dacia, and shutting her out might send her to Malachi's side. So, Fallon gave her a steady look and asked, "Are you going to pull any more shit? And remember, you're in a room full of werewolves, so lying isn't in your best interest."
"That's it? You're not going to end it?" she whined.
One brow arched. "I thought I did. I disarmed you and knocked you on your ass. Twice. That not good enough for you?" Fallon couldn't keep the aggravation out of her tone. "Well, do you have any more shit to pull?"
"I could lock her up," Hayden offered gruffly. "I think attempted murder earned her some cell time."
Dacia glared at Hayden who just rolled his eyes.
"Come on, Sis," Dane snapped, and Dacia finally looked at her brother who held her right arm. "Stop being a selfish bitch for once in your goddamned life. Take a step back and look at the bigger picture. She just taught every one of us how to defend ourselves. She could have easily killed you instead of disarming you, but she didn't. She even stopped Brody who was ready to kill you himself. Brody has found a mate, and you owe her an apology. If you can't leave her the fuck alone, I'm sure Hayden will have no problem locking your ass in a cell."
Mate? Fallon froze. She hadn't seen that one coming, but she felt the truth of the statement all the way to her heart.

* * * *

Dacia stared at her half-brother in disbelief. Mated? Brody was on his way to mating? After all these years, she never thought he would mate anyone. She was too late, too damned late. There was nothing she could do. She was crushed. Dane was right, and Fallon didn't even look surprised.
Either Brody or Fallon could have easily killed her. Half the wolves were still growling at her. Hayden locked her in iron fucking cuffs. As much as the bitter reality hurt, she needed to get over him.
Fallon folded her arms over her chest. "Well, Dacia, are you going to stop the bullshit and learn what you need to know? You'll be great to have in a fight against the Dales. We need to stand together, because they want to tear us apart, and you are a part of this as much as anyone else in this room."
Dacia couldn't believe Fallon was giving her another chance. Brody never loved Dacia, though she wished he could, and now he was mated, or mating, or who the hell cared.
"I'm sorry." Dacia cried. "All right? I'm sorry. I don't know what I was thinking, but I'm jealous and pissed at you, even though you haven't done a damned thing wrong." Her chest ached. "You haven't done a single thing but help everyone."
Dacia had Fallon all wrong. She was everything Brody claimed and more. Fallon was giving her yet another chance she clearly didn't deserve.
Fallon asked, "Does that mean you're with us?"
"Yes. I don't want those assholes winning either. What do I have to do to prove it?"
Fallon looked at Dane. "Is she telling the truth?"
He closed his eyes and inhaled deep before nodding.
Hayden removed the cuffs with a warning. "Try that again, and I will lock you up."
All Dacia could do was nod.
Then Fallon surprised her by walking over and offering her hand. Dacia took it and was pulled to her feet.
She had no words, and Fallon seemed to write off Dacia's tantrum because she got back down to business. This time, Dacia sucked it up and participated because it looked like she could learn a thing or two from Fallon.
Chapter 11


Brody focused on the road as he drove Fallon to Slater's. They were meeting with Robert, the mage she called the night before. According to Slater, the Silver Council enforcer was an old friend of his, and not an elitist like most other mages. Still, whatever had happened between Fallon and the mage was bad. He didn't know what to think.
She was too quiet the whole ride. Neither of them seemed to know what to say, and Brody didn't think that was a good sign. There were a million things on his mind and he wasn't sure how to approach any of them.
He had to wonder if Fallon understood what Dane implied. She was his mate, though, and it was too late to change that. Brody knew he was falling for her, but since he never mated with Sarah, he assumed he would never mate anyone.
Brody wouldn't have pushed so hard if he realized it was a possibility. He would have gone slower, made sure she was on the same page. The last thing he wanted to do was make her feel stuck. In a way, he supposed she was.
Then there was Dacia and that whole mess.
He pulled into Slater's driveway and parked. At a loss for words, he climbed out of the truck. Fallon hopped out and came around to his side. Her hands were in her pockets as she leaned against the truck, just out of reach. The light breeze stirred her hair and the evening sun gave her a fiery halo. She took his breath away.
She slowly met his gaze. "Are we okay?"
Relief washed over him. She wasn't fighting. Still, there was a lot of ground to cover. "I'm still trying to figure out why you didn't kill Dacia, or at least let Hayden arrest her for attacking you."
A smile graced her lips, and she let out a breath. "Made the most sense. If Hayden arrested her or we kicked her out, Malachi or one of the Dales might convince her to work for them. Then shit spirals out of control because they'll use her against anyone and everyone they can. This way, hopefully, she grows a set and sticks with us."
"As much as that scares the hell out of me, I understand and respect your decision. I sure as hell wasn't thinking that clearly. I would have ripped her open if you hadn't stopped me." He wasn't sure how she managed to calm him down when he was in a rage. It was the same as Slater using his alpha voice. Brody's body responded before he could think.
"Yeah. Well, she's not my favorite person. If we didn't have the Dales to deal with, I would have handled things very differently." She lifted one shoulder in a shrug. "Besides, she didn't manage to strike me. Her attempt was pretty pathetic if you ask me."
His mouth dropped open in surprise. "Why does it sound as if you've been there, done that?"
"I knew another air fae. She wanted someone she couldn't have because he wanted me." Her smile faded but she held his gaze. "That was long before I hooked up with Isaac. We were at the shop, and I was just talking with him. She was jealous."
"What happened?"
Fallon lifted her t-shirt to reveal the humming bird under her breast and ran her finger across the middle. "She phased out the same way Dacia did and came at me with a blade. She knew what she was doing, and she was a hell of a lot faster than Dacia. She cut me, but I made her pay."
Brody dropped to a knee and saw the faint line marring the tattoo. He pressed a soft kiss to the scar before standing up. "I'm sorry."
She laughed, her eyes sparkling. "For what? You weren't even there, baby. She was jealous because Isaac always wanted me, and she thought she could take me. She couldn't. After that, whenever she entered a room, I sent her flying back out with a flick of my wrist."
"Feel free to do that to Dacia anytime." He smoothed down her shirt. "It won't bother me at all."
"I doubt Dacia will attack me again. But if I'm wrong and she does, I won't go so easy on her."
That brought him back to the biggest possible problem. He tipped her face up and peered into her eyes. "Do you realize that everyone in the mill knows what I'm feeling for you now? Probably more so than you do," he said seriously. Fallon wasn't a wolf, and he didn't know how much she knew about the mate bond.
She surprised him with a crooked smile. "Good. Hiding it was a lot harder than I imagined."
He stepped into the line of her body, drowning in her unwavering gaze. "I fell hard for you, Fallon. I spent the whole day watching big badass werewolves and Hayden come at you. And Hayden is a lot scarier than I ever realized. All while trying to pretend like I wasn't scared to death." When she frowned, he shook his head and caressed her cheek. "Don't worry. I know you can handle yourself. You've proved that time and time again. I just don't want something to happen to you and I've seen them fight. It's the hypothetical that scares me."
"Good, I feel the same way about you." Her hand flattened over his heart. "I do, and yeah that's terrifying. I'll try to be less paranoid and just accept us, but I may still do something you can't get over. And I'm sure there will be times I freak out a little-"
Brody covered her mouth with his. He loved the way she tried to pull away to finish her point, but ultimately gave in and kissed him back. "Hush with that," he murmured. "If one of us has a problem we'll talk through it and figure it out."
"I know." She wound her arms around his neck. "So I guess we're official now. I'm not an exhibitionist, but we don't have to hide." She kissed him this time and he backed her against the truck.

* * * *

"Aw," Jess murmured as she watched Brody and Fallon talking from the window. Slater came up from behind and took her in his arms. She grinned up at him. "Fallon is accepting that she's falling. Now I wish I was there for the training."
Slater chuckled. "Yeah, you missed all the fun. Dacia actually seems sorry, if you can believe that. Everyone knows Brody and Fallon are heading toward a sealed bond."
"I knew they were." She pulled his arms tighter around herself and laid her head back on his chest. "I just wish I knew about Malachi. I could have warned Robert sooner. Maybe the Council could have handled the Dales before Fallon got here."
"Too late to change that now." Slater squeezed her tighter. "I've got a bad feeling about this."
"All I can say is that they wind up happy in the end."
"I don't know. They look pretty happy right now." Slater laughed softly.
Jess sighed. "Fallon always fights against fate. Sometimes I think she stayed with Isaac as long as she did because I tried so hard to tell her what he would wind up doing."
"You didn't know what finally set her off."
"No, but what she described was close enough to a hundred other visions I had. He was cheating on her the whole damned time, and because there was no proof, she wouldn't believe me." Isaac was a two faced prick. He wanted Fallon so bad that he pretended to be the perfect guy.
Slater asked, "You haven't seen anything that happens with the Dales?"
"No." She looked away, wishing she had seen something. "But they have dark mages who lock down their operation with powerful wards. I didn't have a single vision while they had me. I think maybe that's why I never saw anything about Malachi. Fallon messed him up pretty bad. No one thought he could live through the sun and fire."
"You saw him last night, probably around the time he confronted Fallon."
"Yeah. I have a theory. See, in my vision, he was limping and his movement was really jerky. I think he's still messed up. Maybe they kept him under wraps until now, surrounded by the dark mages. Somehow they keep all seers from seeing them. I mean, I never had a vision about them before they took me either."
"Sounds logical. But you better go get them. I think Robert is nearly done on the phone and he wants to talk to Fallon." He pressed a quick kiss to her mouth.
"The appetizers should be ready. Can you bring them out?" She took another peek at the happy couple and saw them deep in a steamy lip lock.
Jess almost hated to interrupt. She stepped outside and hurried down the steps. "Finally."
Brody jumped and gave her a sheepish look while Fallon raised one scarlet brow at her.
"Let me guess." Fallon smirked, entwining her fingers in Brody's. "You've known for a while that we were going to wind up together?"
Jess nodded enthusiastically. "Pretty much since the day I met Brody. So, see? I can keep big things to myself."
"I bet you told Jamie," Fallon challenged.
"Okay, well duh, I tell her everything. And Slater, of course. No one told either of you though." Jess was jumping up and down inside. If anyone deserved a slice of happiness, Fallon did.
Brody chuckled. "She didn't tell Adam. Just set you up with the job a month before you drove up here, and that was two weeks before their other artist announced they were moving away."
Fallon looked up at Brody and then back at her with a shrug. "Considering the results, I guess I can forgive you." She rolled her eyes but they sparkled with humor.
Jess wanted to fist pump, but contained herself. "Come on, Robert has some questions, and I have a few myself."
"Figured you would." Fallon pulled Brody toward the door and they followed Jess inside.

* * * *

Fallon was nervous about Brody meeting Robert. Brody seemed to figure out at least part of what Malachi made Robert do to her. He dropped it when she asked, but she knew he had to wonder. She wasn't sure she could explain how or why she still trusted Robert or Tremaine after everything.
At least Robert was the only one there. Tremaine blamed a lot of what happened with the Dales on the Silver Council and quit. She didn't know the whole story, but a lot of people thought most of the Council was corrupt and had their own agenda. Fallon wouldn't go that far, but with the exception of Robert, she tried to steer clear of Council.
Robert and Slater carried trays of Jess' appetizers in from the kitchen. As always, Robert was dressed in a tailored suit and his blond waves were precisely styled. Jess moved to take his tray.
Fallon stopped just inside the door and prayed Brody didn't go all caveman.
Robert came over to give her a quick hug and stepped back with a warm smile. "Good to see you, Fallon."
Fallon immediately took Brody's hand, prepared for the whole possessive vibe most weres put out when their lover-mate-girlfriend-hell, sometimes even friends received any kind of attention from the opposite sex. Brody surprised her. He was completely mellow. Isaac always freaked out whenever Gabriel so much as patted her on the back.
Goddess, she knew she needed to stop comparing Brody to anyone.
Fallon managed a smile. "Hi, Robert. This is Brody Dean, Slater's second. And this is Robert McCallister a long-time friend and Silver Council Enforcer."
"Pleasure to meet you, Brody. Slater tells me nothing but good things about you. I've known him for the better part of fifty years."
"I didn't realize you spent much time out here," Fallon said casually.
"Actually, I was stationed out here about twenty years ago." An old pain echoed in his tone, which meant Edenton was where everything fell apart with Liz. They had each told her part of the story. They both blamed themselves when the blame was really on Robert's brother.
Robert smoothed the front of his jacket down and met her gaze. "I hear you let the half-fae who attacked you off the hook, even though she came at you with a cursed blade."
Fallon crossed her arms over her chest and narrowed her eyes. "Come on, Robert, you know as well as I do that Malachi would take that as an opportunity to turn her on us. I sent the blade with Dakota. He thinks he might be able to break the curse."
"Point taken. As usual, you're right. If he can't remove the curse, I know someone who can," Robert offered.
"Can I get anyone a drink?" Jess asked.

* * * *

Several minutes later, everyone had a drink and was settled in the living room. Robert was not what Brody expected. He wore a tailored suit and styled hair, looking like he stepped out of a GQ ad, but he was easy going and friendly. He clearly cared about Fallon in a platonic manner.
Fallon leaned forward and popped another bacon wrapped scallop in her mouth. "Mmm, so good," she murmured.
Robert chuckled. "I swear you have an appetite like a were. I have to wonder if it's because you can shift."
Fallon tensed and swung her gaze to Brody before giving Robert a pointed look. "I don't have a werewolf's appetite, but I do like to eat."
Brody cocked his head, genuinely curious. "You can shift?"
She turned back slowly and nodded slightly. "Yeah, I would have flown back to the apartment Sunday night." She stared back at him, ready for an argument. "If you hadn't insisted on driving me back, that is."
"Fly?" He was truly intrigued. "You mean as a bird?"
"Uh yeah." The duh was implied.
"Like all druids, she can take a few forms." Jess explained when Fallon didn't elaborate. "Hell, she used to run with our pack down in San Francisco. Her wolf form is faster and more beautiful than a natural wolf."
"You can?" Slater asked with a raised brow. "I hope you'll join us for the hunt Thursday."
"Uh," Fallon shuddered, "I'd run with you, but I don't do raw meat. Even as a wolf."
Brody nudged her shoulder. "Don't tell me you thought a few different forms would turn me off. I go furry, so why should it bother me that you go furry or feathered?" He was excited about the prospect of running with her as a beast. He didn't care what form she chose.
Fallon sighed. "I shouldn't have assumed."
Jess shook her head, her eyes narrowed at Fallon. "Isaac had a problem with her running with the wolves since she wouldn't run with him."
"Isaac is so over and done with. Why does he have to come up at all?" Fallon said through clenched teeth, glaring back at Jess.
Robert cleared his throat. "Well, no one has seen him since Sunday. I think Malachi has him."
Fallon snorted. "He probably slunk off with Sheila or some other bimbo." She was unconcerned, but Brody would have caught Robert's worry even without his hypersensitive senses.
"Preston couldn't find him in California, so he's out here tracking Malachi and the other vampires. He caught a sign or two that they may have Isaac but he hasn't pinpointed either of their whereabouts."
Fallon froze, her eyes lasering in on Robert. "You had to bring Preston into this?" She nearly growled her accusation. "You had to bring that pompous ass here?"
Brody almost laughed but held it back when he saw Jess staring at Robert with round eyes. Now what the hell was going on?
"He's our best tracker, Fallon. You know that." Robert assured her. He gave her a pleading look. "I know you can't stand him, but hear me out. He wants another short mana-blade. Preston's arrogant enough to think he doesn't need the protection against Malachi and their gaze. Do you really want to leave it to chance? If you work the blade, you can work the same wards into him. Think about it."
She took a deep breath and nodded, but didn't say anything as she thought it over. Brody glanced at Jess, who stared at Robert as if he'd said the most inappropriate thing. Slater seemed just as confused as he was.
Fallon finally looked at Brody, and rubbed the back of her neck. "Preston and I have history. Sort of like you and Dacia." She groaned. "He's not obsessively possessive. He just thinks he'll get back into my bed, and that's not happening for any reason."
"I know." Brody grinned back at her. "I'm not worried about some prick in your past. I'm only concerned with the present and future. I trust you."
Her expression softened, but she turned back to Robert. "Has Preston already called the shop to schedule?"
"He asked me to call after I spoke with you." Robert smirked. "He didn't want you to be surprised when he showed up for a tattoo. He says he's sorry."
"Yeah." She snorted. "He's been apologizing for years, and yet he still comes onto me like a dumbass."
"Maybe you should bring Brody with you. Maybe he'll figure out you're off the market faster." Robert nodded toward him with a shrug.
Brody liked the sound of that, but he shrugged. "Up to you, sugar. I know you can handle him yourself."
"All right." She smiled back at him. "I'll tell Adam to schedule him first thing, and you can come in with me. Feel free to slap him around if he's doesn't keep his mouth shut."

* * * *

Fallon was amazed by Brody. He was totally accepting of Robert, let her handle her messes her way, and wasn't the possessive asshole most weres turned into. For the first time, Fallon found herself trusting her heart to a man. She wanted to share everything with him, which she never had in the past.
As much as she would love to just get away with Brody and get to know everything about him, she knew she needed to deal with the current shitstorm first.
"So, Robert." She looked at her old friend. "Did Preston find something solid to lead him to believe Malachi actually has Isaac?"
"Preston found a blood offer at Isaac's, and Isaac was gone." Robert smoothed his hands down his lapels. "He's not in San Francisco. His trail disappears after that, just like what happens when the Dales take someone."
"Well shit." Fallon sat back. Isaac was protected just like everyone else she had tattooed after she figured out how to work those wards. Malachi couldn't force him to do anything. "I can't imagine him going on his own."
"There was no sign of struggle," Robert answered simply. "Preston won't tell me what was on the blood offer. I know you want to think he isn't all bad, Fallon, but I don't think you realize everything Isaac was into."
"I know what he was into." She sighed, and pushed a hand through her hair. "Look, I'm not stupid. I didn't play those games, and he claimed having me was worth giving that shit up. Apparently he went behind my back and got that from others. Fine, whatever, I'm done with him. He can't do anything to get me back, and I'm not walking into their trap to go after him. If they have him, it's his own damned fault."
Robert smiled weakly. "Good. This time I would talk you out of going if Isaac was the only reason. I didn't bother with Damon because I had hoped he was a better man than he was."
Fallon shook her head. "Okay, just stop. That was a long time ago. I knew the score, and I shouldn't have been surprised when he left. How he left was what hurt."
"What did he do?" Brody asked quietly.
He deserved to know. She turned toward him and opened her mouth but froze. She didn't know what to say.
Jess exploded, "Fallon was with him five years, and he was probably the most decent guy she had bothered with before you. The Dales took him the same time they took me. Fallon found out and came for us with Tremaine and Robert."
"Jess," Fallon warned. She didn't want to relive the whole thing. Any mention was bad enough, but with Robert in the room things would only get uncomfortable. Jess stopped though and nodded, letting Fallon take on the story.
"Yeah, I went in there. Shit went wrong." Fallon took a deep breath. "Those details aren't important. Damon watched me kill several dark mages and Shadowstalkers. He also saw the aftermath of what I did to Tremaine, who had no control over the situation. I nearly killed him. Damon couldn't handle what I was capable of. He called me a monster, told me I wasn't any better than they were."
"Oh, baby, I'm sorry," Brody whispered, only he didn't know the whole story.
Robert snorted. "Yeah, Damon turned out to be a real jerk. He thinks magic is the devil's work, and even though he was being raped by one of the Shadowstalkers when she killed the scumbag, she was the monster."
Jess snarled, "Asshole was humiliated and took it out on your girl."
Fallon gave her another warning look. "Let's just drop him. Okay? We should get back to business. They most likely have Isaac who can't be mind-controlled." She took a breath and looked back to Robert. "Do you have any idea what they might have planned? Where they are?"
"We can't find them." Robert turned to Slater. "We were hoping you might have an answer."
"Unfortunately no." Slater shook his head. "We've been looking. There hasn't been any activity. I promise you, we want them dealt with quickly. I'll keep you posted."
"Good, if we find anything, we'll let you know as well. Now, this hunt of yours, would you like Preston and I to keep an eye out while you do your thing?"
Slater nodded. "Can't hurt. We'll be looking as well, but I don't expect much to go down during a hunt."

* * * *

After Brody took Fallon to the store and they had everything put away, they stood in his kitchen. Fallon turned to Brody with a wicked little grin that made his impossibly hard cock throb in anticipation.
Her voice went low and husky. "You know, I've been waiting all day to get you alone." She prowled toward him but stopped a few inches away. Her fingers trailed down his abs to his waistband. Brody wrapped his hands around her waist and leaned down for a slow sensual kiss.
God, he needed her so damned bad. "Come on. I think I want you upstairs and naked before I get started," he purred only to be interrupted by the phone.
They both sighed as he reached over to answer the call. "Hey."
"Can I talk to your woman?" Adam asked with a laugh. "I promise to make it fast."
Brody frowned but handed the phone to her. She rolled her eyes. "Adam, we're kind of busy so get to the point."
That just revved Brody up and he growled a little, causing his brother to chuckle. "Right," Adam said. "I was told to check with you about fitting Preston in tomorrow."
"Yeah, first thing tomorrow, say eight."
"All right." Adam paused a moment before adding, "One more thing, Dakota has a small piece he wants you to do as well. Shouldn't take long but he had an idea of a special ward for Jolene and Jacob."
"Tell him I'll do it as a gift to them," she answered warmly and Brody grinned.
"I'll see you tomorrow."
"Tomorrow then. And Brody will be there until I finish with Preston. Expect some bullshit from the mage. If he gives me too much, I won't do his blade." Brody couldn't resist any longer. He kissed down the column of her throat, causing her breath to stutter.
"I'll have to hear that story tomorrow, but it sounds like Brody wants your attention." Adam hung up and she set the phone down.
Brody wasted no time in picking Fallon up and carrying her up the stairs. This time he set her on her feet in front of the bed. Her hands were on his fly a second later as she wet her lips.
He pulled her shirt over her head but she dropped to her knees, opened his pants, and freed his cock. Her lips parted and slid over his length. "Oh God, Fallon, slow down," he groaned.
She released him long enough to say, "No. But this time, I will taste you as I swallow you down."
Her tongue licked over his slit as she wrapped her hand around his shaft. He lost all ability to argue. It felt so damned good when she swirled her tongue, spreading the bead of pre-come over his crown, all while she stroked his length. Her mouth closed over him, sucking him deep and he let out a ragged cry as his hips shot forward.
He was helpless to do anything but thrust into the heat of her wet mouth. She hummed her approval and the sensation vibrated all the way up his spine. His hands tangled in her hair, and he tried to protest, tried to push her off, but she tugged his sack just so, adding to the building pleasure until he couldn't quite catch his breath. He spiraled over the edge so hard his vision grayed out.
When he could finally see, she shoved him onto the bed and pulled his pants and socks off. He could only lie there, watching while he relearned to breathe.
She stood up and slowly removed her bra. Then she unbuttoned her jeans, and shimmied them down. Her thumbs hooked under the little scrap of crimson silk she called underwear, and slid them down her thighs to fall to the floor. Fallon was better than any fantasy.

* * * *

Fallon climbed up next to him and trailed her fingers down each ridge of muscle. "You are so incredibly sexy when you give in to me." She closed her eyes and licked her lips tasting him. "And you taste so good, Brody. So damned good."
"Mmm, so do you, sugar." He rolled on top of her, kissing her lips. She could feel his beast roll through him, as if his wolf was trying to rub against her. The sensation was metaphysical but incredible and unlike anything she ever felt before. She pushed her body into him, pulling him down harder because she couldn't get enough.
He rained kisses down her throat as he crawled down her body even though she felt him getting good and hard already. Talk about short recovery time, and that was just sexy as hell, but infuriating when his mouth took possession of her nipple, and his hips moved out of reach. Not that she was complaining, because he was so good at that she was desperate for more.
"Brody, please come back here," she panted as his hand slipped between her thighs. She nearly came off the bed as he circled her sensitive nub with the pad of his finger, almost immediately bringing her to orgasm.
His breath skated over her skin as he chuckled into her bellybutton, and then he licked into her navel before nibbling a trail down her body. He spread her wide and devoured her until she was screaming his name, holding on for dear life while he made love to her with his mouth.
He kept up the sensual torment until she was so lost to the pleasure she was in sensory overload and had to beg him to stop before she fell apart. "Wait, wait? oh Goddess, Brody? wait.
Brody crawled back up her body to kiss along her collarbone. "Ready for me, baby?" he asked in a low sexy purr.
"Mmm, yeah." She pulled his mouth to hers. "I really need you inside me. Now."
In one long smooth stroke he pushed into her, finding her end, filling her completely. "Oh Fallon, you feel amazing." He started to drive in and out of her sending waves of pleasure through her. She moved with him, needing him to be a part of her.
With any other man, the intimacy would have scared the hell out of her, but everything fell into place with the steady rhythm of their bodies as she lost herself in his smoky blue gaze. There was no denying they were bound together, and he was home. Instead of fighting the connection, she opened herself to him, taking everything he had to give as she drowned in his essence.
"I love you," she heard herself whisper.
"Good, because I love you, Fallon," he confessed just before they came together and clung to each other until they stopped trembling. He rolled to his side, bringing her with him. "I know this is fast, but I do, so damned much," he whispered against her lips.
"I know. I do too." She felt so light, and so his. Not in a restricting, confining way, but like they belonged together, a part of each other. She didn't care how cheesy it sounded.

* * * *

Huddled in the corner, he rocked back and forth. His arms were wrapped around his legs that were pulled to his chest. Isaac couldn't hold himself together anymore. His connection to Fallon had been getting weaker and weaker since the morning she rode out of his life, but he could still feel a trace of her warmth, her livelihood. That had to mean something. Right?
They belonged together. Bound, he felt it to his core, but she didn't see their connection.
Why couldn't Fallon see it? He needed her, she needed him. If only he could go back and make things right. If he hadn't topped all those women, maybe he could have convinced her. Maybe if she hadn't seen him with Silvia? Sharon? whoever the fuck he took to ease his need for control, she would have stayed.
A bitter laugh exploded out of his mouth. He needed to be in control. She would be so happy if she would just submit. But no, she wanted all the control. He needed to show her how good it could be, but she wouldn't let him. So he went to women who would submit, over and over again and she hadn't known.
Why did he bring her home?
Suddenly, the thread tying him to Fallon snapped, and he couldn't feel her. She was gone and he was lost without her. He screamed her name at the top of his lungs and flew to the bars keeping him caged.
"Need to find her, need to get her back, make her see what she's missing," he muttered over and over again as he tried to squirm through the bars of the cell.
"I told you Isaac." That dark rank voice slithered into his mind. "I'll help you get her back. You just need to trust me."
He finally cracked. With nothing left, what did he stand to lose? "Anything, I'll do anything," he wailed desperately. "I need Fallon."
"Then here is what we're going to do?"
Chapter 12


Brody woke with a start, alone and clinging to her pillow which was a poor substitute for Fallon. She belonged in his arms. Then he heard the shower come on and a slow smile started. He sat up and stretched his arms over his head as he took a deep breath.
His stomach rumbled as he caught the aroma of eggs, cheddar, and maple sausage. She mentioned a quiche last night, and boy did it smell good. His mouth was watering.
First, he was going to go climb in the shower with Fallon. He padded into the bathroom and froze when he saw her. Her back was to him, but he could see the water cascading down her body as she rinsed her hair.
He stepped in behind her, sliding his hands over her hips. "Good morning, beautiful."
Leaning back into him, she murmured, "I didn't mean to wake you."
"You didn't." He wound his arms around her, pulling her against his body. She reached up to wind one arm around his neck as she tipped her head back. He took her mouth in a kiss and gliding one hand down, skimming his fingers through her slick heat, while reaching up to caress her breast.
"Mmm, yes." She pressed her ass against his length as she arched her back. "Better make it fast or breakfast will burn."
"Fast?" he murmured as he reached between them to guide his length into her. Her hands flattened on the wall and her breath caught as he pressed in. "Need you," he groaned.
Her head dropped forward, her hips rocking as he thrust harder, faster. She was so tight, so hot, and so damned good he couldn't last, especially when she started to come around him. He could do nothing but follow.
Brody turned and sat on the bench, pulling her with him.
"That made my morning." She turned to kiss him hard and fast. Then she climbed out of his lap and stepped out of the shower. "But I need to get breakfast out. Hurry up and come down." Her smile faltered and he knew something was bothering her.
"I'll be right there," he promised.
"Okay." She turned and dried off quickly before leaving the room.
Brody swiftly washed his hair, and then dried off. His flannel and her little silk thong were missing. He had to grin as he hurried into a pair of jeans and an old t-shirt.
When he walked into the kitchen, he found her pulling the quiche out of the oven. He couldn't help staring at the nicest pair of legs he'd ever seen, and she looked really good in his shirt.
Breathing deep, he closed his eyes. "Smells like heaven on a plate." Her laugh made him smile.
"We need to talk before breakfast," she said quietly.
"I'm listening." Though, he wasn't concerned.
Fallon folded her arms over her chest and narrowed her eyes. "I'd appreciate it if you took this seriously."
"I am, but I don't think I have anything to worry about."
"You may change your tune after meeting Preston, but here goes nothing. He's a prick, and he seems to know every questionable thing I've ever done. He's going to tell you stuff and spin it worse than it is?."
Brody didn't care. He didn't have anything to worry about. He closed the distance and kissed her before she could finish.
She pushed him back and shook her head. "Just wait. I know you're fine with everything about me. At least you think you are. I have no clue what he's going to tell you, but I'll explain everything he brings up. I don't want to keep secrets from you. The thing is, there's a lot of shit to cover and will take time." She shrugged. "Remember, he's a Silver Council Enforcer, and like Robert he's one of the better ones. He just happens to be a prick. His job is to know everything about everyone he deals with. Unfortunately, he remembers everything, too."
"Okay," he said simply. "What's the worst thing he could possibly tell me?"
"When I worked his last mana-blade, he pissed me off, and I overreacted."
Brody interrupted. "Whatever you did, I'm sure you weren't overreacting."
She winced. "After I finished the blade, he took my free hand, and put it on his dick. I took the same mana-blade I just finished and stabbed him in the leg, about two inches from his balls."
He felt his eyes widen. Not because he thought she was wrong, but damn. "Okay, maybe you overreacted a little, but I bet he hasn't touched you since." Squeezing her hand, he added. "Honestly? He probably deserved worse. You were already turning him down, right?"
Her mouth fell open for a second, before she answered. "Well, yeah, but I didn't have to stab him with his own blade."
"Sounds like you had a good reason and he needs a serious ego check from time to time. You managed that once, you will again."
Fallon nodded, a smile spreading on her lips. "Okay then. Fix us a plate. I'm going to run up and get dressed."
"After we get back tonight, we should just bring your stuff into the house."
Fallon froze, her eyes locking on his. "Really?" she whispered.
Maybe that was too fast. "We don't have to if you aren't ready," he quickly added. "If this is too much, I understand." They were mated and he just assumed that step made sense. As soon as he saw her surprise he realized he should have handled the question with a little finesse.
"That's not it. I guess I hadn't really thought about moving in. I've just never lived with anyone." She shrugged a little.
"Really?" He laughed, and she scowled. "You're sixty-four. I don't understand how you never were involved enough to live with a man."
"Never felt right."
He frowned, wondering if she thought they weren't right. "Okay. We can take our time."
She rolled her eyes. "Don't. They weren't you." Backing toward the door she grinned. "We'll move my stuff tonight." She slipped outside in nothing but his flannel and her panties.
The phone rang, and he snagged it on the way to grab two plates. The number was Inktastic's but it was only 7:30. "Hey, Adam. Aren't you in early?"
He didn't wait, just started in. "So, that asshole mage is here. It's not even eight yet."
"That bad?" Brody chuckled.
"Yeah, that bad," he snapped. Adam was usually so laid back. "You're going to want to put the hurt on him. This guy is a complete fuckwad."
"Got that impression. I'm coming in with Fallon and I'm staying for the tattoo."
"Should I kick his ass out?" Adam sounded surprised. "If you're coming to protect her, I can just get rid of him now."
Brody laughed. "That's not why I'm coming. Hell, Fallon will kick his ass if he pulls something. Besides, she's doing the tattoo to protect him from a vampire's gaze."
"What? Why? How?"
"I'm not really sure how. It's just something she does with the wards. Vampires can enthrall you if you look into their eyes. With her wards, they can't."
"Alrighty then." Adam sounded impressed. "That reminds me, what the hell did Dacia do yesterday? Between Tomahawk and Dakota I have no clue what to think."
"We'll talk later. Just know that Fallon put Dacia in her place, and she'll be leaving me alone now."
"Hallelujah," Adam sang. "Must be nice having Dacia off your back, and a crazy sexy woman to defend your honor."

* * * *

Fallon was fine. She didn't care about Brody's past, so why should he care about hers. That was all well and good in theory, but as soon as they walked through the doors of Inktastic her doubts came rolling back.
What the hell would Preston say? How bad was he going to make her look?
Adam sat back in the chair facing the front of the shop. His blue eyes flashed and his jaw was tight. Preston sat across from Adam, tapping his fingers on the table between them.
Brody came up behind her and wrapped his hands around her waist, just in time for Tomahawk to walk out from his room. He wore a devilish grin. "Mmm, Brody looks good on you, Fallon."
"Doesn't he though?" She smiled back and felt Brody chuckle against her neck.
Preston spun his chair to face her. His jet black hair was tousled as usual, and his eyes were pale blue. The prick was sinfully attractive, even in jeans and a t-shirt. However, the man's personality had killed any desire she had ever felt for him.
The snarky smile fell clean off his face as he gaped at how Brody still held her close.
"Preston." Her tone was frosty.
His lip curled in a sneer. "You dump a weretiger who is a legendary sex god for this goody-goody puppy dog?" He shifted his gaze over Brody before shaking his head. "I remember you being adventurous in bed, but he seems so-bland."
"Like you know how to please a woman?" Fallon snorted. "And Isaac cheated on me. You should remember how well that goes over." She stepped away from Brody and walked over to the far side of the table, to stand next to Adam. Brody followed and took the seat next to his brother.
Preston rolled the chair away from the table and sat back. "I didn't cheat. I wanted you and Natalia both at the same time. We didn't start without you, and I didn't touch her. She still wants a taste of you, Fallon. The goal was a threesome."
"I don't share."
"Mathis and Paavo weren't sharing?" he fired back.
Placing her hands on her hips, she stared back. "There were extenuating circumstances, and they were a package deal. One I never tried again, in case you don't remember." She was bleeding to death because she took a bullet to keep them from being taken in by the Silver Council. Their magic worked through sexual release, so yeah, things got interesting, but they saved her life.
She waited for any reaction from Brody, but there was none. She was so rewarding him later.
Preston glared at Brody. "You can't keep a woman like Fallon. She's never happy with any man for long. She always runs when things get too deep."
Brody rolled his eyes.
Fallon laughed out loud. "Things never got deep with you. Two drunken nights because you're fun to drink with and you're sexy, I'll give you that. Then you opened your mouth and it all flew out the window because you're too damned full of yourself."
"Maybe you should give me another try. You sure as hell enjoyed yourself when I did finally get you in bed."
"Funny. As I recall, I did all the work and got myself off. You were too drunk to do much more than lie there."
He shot to his feet, his eyes narrowed. "You're the one lying to yourself. Hooking up with a werewolf, just days after showing up. You never could keep your legs closed."
That stung, but he was wrong. "Yeah, well my bed's full." She shrugged. "So if you have any inclination of getting back in my bed, you're shit out of luck. Then again, you have been for over a decade now, so that's nothing new. Get the fuck over yourself. You're not all that."
She looked Preston over and decided to lay all her cards out. "One, Brody and I mated and sealed the bond." The look of surprise on Preston's face was downright comical. "Two, you're such a prick I honestly don't know how I managed to put up with your bullshit the first two times. No wonder I didn't go back for thirds."
"Bitch," he snarled.
"Right back at you." She crossed her arms. "So, here's the deal. You want this blade. You know what I'm capable of. You should also know that I'm a very busy woman and in high demand. If I don't do this, it won't hurt me in the slightest. Get off your high horse, come back to reality, keep your hands to yourself and your mouth shut, and I'll do the piece. Otherwise, you won't get one. You know Gabriel won't work on you after last time you came in, and I don't know anyone else who can work one."
Preston just stared at her, probably thinking over what she said.
"Go ahead. Take your time, because I'm not playing games." She stood up, turned around and strode back to her room.

* * * *

Brody watched her stalk off to her station. He was tempted to go with her, but first, he needed to say a few things.
Before he could say a single word, Adam nudged him. "So what the hell happened yesterday?"
He turned to look at his brother, a smile spreading on his face. "We're officially together."
Adam nodded. "I heard about the mate thing from Tomahawk." He shot Tom a look. "Nothing about sealing."
Tom shrugged. "Don't look at me. I'm not a wolf."
Brody rolled his eyes. "That happened after we finally got home."
"So, what did happen? I know the story can't be as insane as this joker claims." Adam slid another glance at Tom before looking back at Brody.
"I don't know. It was kind of crazy. Dacia disappeared and attacked Fallon. Fallon stomped Dacia and took the blade, and then stopped me from tearing Dacia's throat out."
"She stopped you? Mr. Can't-Be-Beaten?"
Tom nodded enthusiastically. "It was pretty damned impressive. She just grabbed his arm and told him to chill when he was about two seconds from shifting, and he did." He snapped his fingers. "Just like that."
"Holy shit." Adam blinked at Brody.
He shrugged. "Guess she couldn't deny what was between us after that."
"Well, good for you." Adam grinned.
He nodded and turned to the mage. "For the record, Preston, your bullshit won't get a rise out of me. But if you hurt her in any way, and she doesn't deal with you first, you can bet your ass I will rip you apart myself."
The bastard snorted. "The big bad wolf routine doesn't scare me. Now, your little hell child back there, she scares the fuck out of me. I still have the scar from the last time I got too hands on. And yet, I'm drawn to her like a moth to the flame." He sighed and shook his head, but there was regret on his face.
Brody sat back in his seat. "Then you best keep your hands to yourself and behave if you want the new mana-blade."
Preston looked him over thoughtfully. "Maybe I was wrong about you. I heard you were a broken man after losing your wife. You don't seem so broken to me. Hell, you might just be what Fallon needs, which is good, because she's too much to handle." He let out a breath.
Brody didn't know what to make of Preston.
"Isaac, that bastard, loves Fallon, but she wouldn't let him top her." Preston snorted a laugh. "The dumbfuck has some serious kinks, and Fallon wouldn't play. So he went elsewhere throughout their entire relationship. She found out and left."
"Why the hell are you telling me this?"
"Malachi has Isaac. I know for a fact Fallon worked the same wards into Isaac as she did Robert and Tremaine after that shitbag had them all together. However, Isaac is stupid and desperate enough to buy into all of Malachi's promises." The mage took a deep breath and ran a hand through his hair.
Preston wasn't what he seemed at first glance. Yeah, he was a dick, but he honestly seemed to care. He came on to Fallon but it wasn't sincere, or maybe he just knew she'd never take him back.
"Look," Preston said, "I know I fucked my chances with Fallon, but I don't want to see her hurt. We were friends once, and knowing what I know now, I wish I had kept it that way." He half laughed. "Of course, she's not real forgiving. I doubt anything I could ever say or do will fix our friendship."
Brody shook his head. "Then maybe you shouldn't have been such an asshole to her."
Preston laughed. "You're not too bad for a wolf. I really didn't want to like you." He sighed, and then called out, "Fallon, I'll behave. At least your taste in men has improved."
She walked back out, her expression full of satisfaction. "Sure has. Let's see the piece."
He laid the drawing on the table. She moved to stand next to him and turned the paper for a better look. "Those are the dimensions for the mana-blade," he told her. "You can cover the blade with whatever you want."
"Please, tell me you aren't going for another lameass sword in the stone theme. Or even worse, something to match Merlin."
"Hey, women love those pieces," Preston said.
"I don't," she insisted.
One dark brow rose. "You're not like any other woman on this planet, Fallon."
"Sword in the stone?" Tomahawk asked.
Preston stood, and pulled his shirt off to show his back. A boulder was drawn into the skin and was surrounded by lifelike roses. The blade was embedded into the rock and ran the length of his spine. An intricately etched pattern decorated the glowing blade. Christ, it was glowing with real light.
Fallon groaned.
"Holy shit. That's fucking amazing." Adam blinked at the piece.
Tomahawk just nodded with his mouth hanging open.
Brody had to admit, the tattoo was stunning.
She crossed her arms over her chest and sighed. "My work always looks good."
"Of course." Preston grinned as he pulled his shirt back on. "You can cover the blade however you want, though I'd like to stick with the King Arthur theme. It works."
"You are such a cocky bastard." She sighed and looked at Tomahawk. "Would you please put the transfer on him?"
"I want one." Tom nodded enthusiastically. "No, wait. Two tomahawks."
She rolled her eyes. "For now, just get the image on him. The ink is imbued with his own enchantments. If you can work something like that, we'll talk about it."
"I'll do what I can."
Preston slapped Tom on the back. "While you get this on me, I'll tell you what you need to know to work the enchantments. I just can't guarantee a shaman's magic will work for the blade."
"Can I talk to you?" Fallon quietly asked Brody.
He hopped up. "Sure." He followed her back to her room and shut the door behind them.
"Any questions?" she asked boldly.
"Not a one."
She grabbed him by the back of the neck and kissed him long and deep, until there was a knock on the door. "We could send him away," she whispered in his ear.
He laughed, "Get the mage out of the way. I still have your motorcycle to finish today."
"Mmm. Sometime soon, you and I need to go for a nice long ride, head deep into the woods and camp out away from the whole world."
He would like nothing better than to have her all to himself for a few days. "I can just see you naked in the moonlight in a bed of wildflowers."
Chapter 13


The day crawled by after Brody left Inktastic, but he had Fallon's Harley ready. He wanted to spend the rest of the night with her, listening to her laugh. However, she had promised Jamie she'd help unpack and he had agreed to hang out with Slater.
Brody walked into Inktastic and saw his brother sitting at the front table, his feet up while he sketched in his book. "Hey, what's up?"
Adam looked up, his brow cocked. "Just working on a design for Danika. You finish Fallon's bike?"
"I did. I can't wait to show it to her."
"She has Dakota back there. Jolene and Jacob should be here soon."
Brody strolled back to the room, and paused when he saw her. She stood to set the tattoo gun aside and smiled back at him. He loved the way her face lit up. Just a few more hours and he could have her all to himself.
He forced his gaze to Dakota. "Hey, Kota, how's Jolene and Jacob?"
"Good. She's down at the cafe, visiting with friends. She should be here almost anytime."
"I must have perfect timing then." Brody grinned.
She dropped her gloves in the garbage and looked over her shoulder. "I'm almost done." She grabbed a tub of ointment and turned back to Dakota. "Tom mentioned you can't heal yourself. So here, the ointment will cut the healing time down." She handed him the tub.
"Thanks." Dakota looked down at his arm. "I can't get over how real it looks."
Brody stepped closer to take a look. There was an oval family portrait on Dakota's inner forearm. He was in the back with his arms around Jolene, who held Jacob. "All of Fallon's work is this amazing."
"Already done?" Jolene called as she stepped into the room. She looked incredible as always. Jacob was swaddled in a royal blue blanket, and all Brody saw was a tuft of honey brown hair.
"I am," Dakota answered.
"Hi, Jolene. Can I hold him?" Brody asked hopefully.
"Of course." She placed the baby in his arms. Jacob was sound asleep and so terribly precious.
Fallon said, "Hey, Jolene. Come take a look."
Jolene moved closer and stared down at Dakota's arm. "Oh wow, that is beautiful." She beamed at Fallon. "Okay, I want one too. Not today of course, but when you have time."
Fallon smiled back. "Just call Adam to set up the appointment."
Jacob woke up with a cooing sound and Brody looked down into the baby's dark brown eyes.
"Why, hello there, buddy," Brody murmured down at him. Jacob made another little noise.
Fallon leaned into Brody's side. "He really is adorable."
Jacob heard her voice, reached out, and wound his chubby little hand in a lock of her hair. He pulled her closer.
Fallon went with his hand and giggled. "Here we go again."
"You should have seen Jacob when Dakota handed him to Fallon," Tomahawk said from the door. "He loves her hair."
"I don't know why. It's just hair." He could hear the smile in her voice. Jacob tugged, and her head went down until she was eye to eye with him. She planted a little kiss on his nose. "Come on buddy. I have to get going, and you're going to make Brody jealous," she teased. "I promise you can play with my hair all you want next time I see you." Jacob let go and Fallon stood up, tucking her hair behind her ears.
Fallon was great at everything, even babies. He could see her holding their child. Brody froze as he watched her. It was too soon to be thinking about their children. Besides, they needed to discuss that option before trying.
Male werewolves didn't conceive easy, and females couldn't at all. Jolene was a doctor who treated a lot of werewolves, and she had a theory. The embryo would die immediately if any of the altered lycanthropy gene was present. Some of Brody's werewolf friends had been trying to get their wives pregnant for years, which didn't happen often.
Jolene touched Fallon's arm. "We're having a barbeque Friday, as a joint bachelor/bachelorette party for Adam and Danika. Please tell me you two are coming."
"We will." Fallon answered immediately, and then turned to Brody with wide eyes. "Won't we?"
"We wouldn't miss it." He took her hand and tugged her close. "Come on, Fallon, I have something of yours on my truck. I want you to follow me back to our house so you can make sure your bike running how you want."
"Already?" She tiptoed up and gave Brody a brief kiss, before waving at Dakota and Jolene. "We'll see you tomorrow."

* * * *

Everyone had told Fallon that Brody was an expert with motorcycles and she believed them. Still, her bike had been a mess just the other day and she wasn't sure how he could have her motorcycle ready so soon.
Adam stood up and said, "Later guys."
Fallon waved over her shoulder and went straight through the doors before Brody could get there.
Brody had parked right in front of the shop. Her bike was in the bed, looking brand new. He moved past her with a wink, and lifted the Harley out like it weighed nothing.
"You know," she admitted, "I had serious doubts she would ever look this good again. I am seriously impressed right now."
He held out her key chain and she saw the house key. The fact Brody wanted her there always really sank in. She was overwhelmed with emotion, and threw her arms around his neck. She took his mouth in a kiss until she was breathless. "Thank you."
He gave her a sheepish smile. "So you won't be surprised, I made the engine quieter. I know you don't like your bike making a lot of noise."
She laughed out loud and kissed him again. "You rock. Now let's go get the chili so I can be done with Jamie sooner, and then we can go home." Their home.
"Sounds good to me." He pulled her helmet from the back of the truck and handed it to her. "If there's anything wrong with her, let me know."
"Okay, baby." She pulled her helmet down and climbed on. She felt good to be on her bike again. She winked at him and started for home.
He was right. The engine was quieter. Even the little catching sound the engine occasionally made was gone. The man was brilliant.

* * * *

Brody pulled into the long driveway leading back to Jamie's cabin. Fallon beamed at him from her seat in the truck. He put that smile on her face and it made him feel really damned good.
"You are my hero," Fallon purred. "I mean, my bike is perfect, better than perfect. Thank you."
"Okay. Okay." He laughed. "I'm glad you're happy, that was my goal."
"So, you're staying for dinner, and then you and Slater are going to go back to his place?" she asked casually.
"Yeah. Jess told me she was kicking me out as soon as we ate." Brody shook his head. "I can't believe they're living right next door to each other." He pulled into the driveway.
Fallon shrugged. "They're tight. The only real difference between them is that Jess is clairvoyant, and Jamie is an empath."
"So, one knows what you'll do and the other knows what you're feeling?" He half laughed. Getting use to Jess and her warnings took a while, but he considered her a good friend now. On the other hand, he didn't have a clue what to expect from Jamie.
He parked, shut off the truck and climbed out. Before Fallon could reach for the basket that held the crockpot dish, he took the handle with a wink. She just rolled her eyes and met him at the porch.
Jess and Jamie came out at the same time. Both wore combat boots, jeans, and t-shirts in different colors. Jess had her hair down like usual, while Jamie had her hair up in a ponytail.
Jamie looked him up and down like he was on auction. He felt the heat in his face. Fallon was standing right there, so Brody was increasingly uncomfortable with the way her friend was stripping him with her eyes.
"Oh my God." Jamie grinned. "Introduce me to your hot stud, and please tell me he has a brother."
Fallon threw her head back and laughed. "This is Brody Dean, and don't get any ideas. If Jess didn't already tell you, he's mine. And yes, he has a brother, but he's getting married soon." She turned back to him and winked. "Brody, this is Jamie. She's a sweetheart, but she loves to ogle gorgeous men. And you, my dear, are simply scrumptious."
"Holy shit." Jamie turned to Jess. "You told me they sealed, and you told me they had chemistry, but hot damn, put them together and you have napalm." She marched right up to Brody and held out her hand. He shifted the basket to his other hand and shook hers. "I'm just glad to see her truly happy. You obviously love each other."
He grinned. "I do. Thank you." Jamie just might be bolder than Jess.
Jamie turned to Fallon and gave her a hug. "Aw, he's such a teddy bear. A really big, masculine one, and I want one of my own." Brody had to wonder what gave her that impression.
"Good luck with that, but you'll have to find your own." Fallon nodded to the basket in Brody's hand. "So you want some of this chili, right?"
"Of course I do. You know I can grub on it for days." Jamie threaded an arm through one of Jess' and one of Fallon's, pulling them toward the house. "Besides, I want to get stuff unpacked, like, yesterday."
Brody followed right behind Fallon.
As soon as the door closed, Slater smiled at Fallon. "Welcome to the pack." He raised a mojito toward her.
She took the glass and drank half down. "Thanks." She gave Brody a long look, but there was a shadow in her eyes. He wondered what she was thinking. She mentioned Isaac wanting to make her a werecat. Brody thought he made it clear he wanted Fallon as she is, but she didn't seem to believe. He was going to have to prove to her that she was everything he wanted and more.
He set the chili up next to all the toppings, pitcher of mojitos, and the tortillas. The spices rolled through his senses as he opened the lid, making his mouth water.
"Oh, sugar, this smells so good." Brody winked at Fallon.
"Hope you like your chili spicy," Jess teased.
"Don't complain," she fired right back. "You're the one who asked for my special chili."
"I wasn't." Jess snagged a plate to serve herself. "Just figured your man might need a warning."
Jamie told Brody. "You better get your fill before you go. There won't be leftovers after Jess and I get done with it."
"There won't." Fallon laughed, humor dancing in her eyes as she slid up next to him at the counter. "They'll finish the chili off before we get halfway through unpacking. Guaranteed."
He looked at the crockpot, at the twins, and back at Fallon with a raised brow. "That's an awful lot of chili."
"Not for them." Fallon laughed.

* * * *

Dacia felt like a caged animal inside her own home. Hayden was still sitting outside in his damn SUV waiting for her to do something wrong. What the fuck did he think she was going to do? Buy a sniper rifle and shoot Fallon? Dacia had already conceded. She steered clear. What else did she have to do to prove that she wasn't going to pull another stupid move?
It wasn't like she could take Fallon, who was clearly Brody's perfect match. Dacia needed to get her mind off him. Hayden seemed like the perfect distraction, but he was still treating her like a damned criminal.
At least Malachi hadn't come back. Maybe he figured out she wasn't going to help him. The Shadowstalker gave her the creeps worse than her father ever did.
She couldn't call Bridget because she was busy with Clint, of all people.
That brought her back to Hayden. If she could seduce him he could keep his eyes on her all he wanted. They'd both benefit from a little horizontal action.
He was already watching the house, so she stood up from her chair and started for the stairs. She paused in front of the window to unbutton her blouse, and let the silk slide down her arms and onto the floor. Turning, she unzipped her skirt and let it fall as she walked into her room and made sure Hayden had a good view.
The phone rang. She reached over to look at the display, it was Hayden. "Hello, Sheriff," she purred.
"You better not be doing what I think you are." He sounded pissed. Well, that wasn't what she was going for.
"And what would that be?" she asked as she sat on the bed, facing the window with her legs spread wide, trailing her fingers up her thigh.
He let out a vicious snarl. "Attempting to seduce me is not going to work. You should know that."
"Fine." she sighed and flopped onto the bed.
"Get dressed. You know I'm only watching you because you attempted to kill Brody's mate." He snapped.
Maybe another tactic would work. She sat up and crossed her legs, trying for a subdued tone. "Fine. Are you hungry? May as well eat, and you can keep a better eye on me."
"No, I don't want to be any closer to you than I need to be."
"Asshole." She hung up and went to the closet. Maybe he'd follow her into the bar and something would inspire her. Besides, she could use a drink or dozen.
Chapter 14


The last box was empty, all the chili was gone, and Fallon was ready to go get Brody. "We're all done. Right?" Fallon asked as she sat down on the steps to pull her boots on. She didn't really care if they were done. Somehow they managed to stay off any personal topic, and she knew the topic was coming if she didn't sneak out, like now.
Fallon wasn't much of a talker. She was a much better listener.
"Oh, you can't leave yet. We hardly got to talk." Jamie pouted.
Well, there went her easy out, but she should have known better. "What about?"
"I have a confession to make," Jamie whispered conspiratorially.
Fallon forced a smile. She didn't want to ditch Jamie, especially if she wanted to talk about herself. She nodded. "Shoot.
"I uh? I'm sort of having a fling with Preston. And since he's up here, and you have history with him, I felt I should warn you before Preston could surprise you."
"I see." Fallon sighed and tried to think of a non-bitchy response. She didn't always hate Preston. Hell, she didn't even hate him now. There was a time he was fun to hang out with, but sleeping with him sort of messed that up. "I just hope you know what you're getting yourself into. You know how he can be."
"It won't be weird?" Jamie sat down beside her. "I know he screwed up with you."
"Seriously, Jamie, I never had a claim on him, good luck. I just don't want to see you hurt,"
Then again, Jamie knew a person's true emotions, and managed to avoid sticky situations most of the time.
"Good." Jamie grinned.
Jess marched over to stand right in front of the stairs with her arms crossed over her chest, glaring at Jamie. "You slept with Preston after what he did to her?" Her fury filled gaze landed on Fallon. "Tell her what he did."
"That was forever and a day ago, and Jamie knows. She's an adult. She can make her own decision. Besides, having a naked play-date with Preston is safer than her moving her ass up here when the Dales are just around the corner. Not to mention that Malachi is back in the ringleader position. I don't know why you're freaking out over something as simple as a booty call."
"Yeah." Jamie glared back at her sister. "We're not serious. He's not all bad, and neither of us wants more than a good time. Besides, he's too all over the place with work, and I'm not going anywhere."
"Fine." Jess leaned against the wall. "If he hurts you, Fallon and I will put the hurt on him. You know we will."
"I know Fallon will." She giggled. "I'm not so sure how you're going to stand up against fireballs and the like."
Fallon gave Jess a pointed look. "He also has three blades like mine now."
Jess and Jamie both turned her with wide eyes, and simultaneously asked. "You inked him again?"
"Yes, and he even played nice. I think he made friends with Brody." Fallon shook her head. After the bullshit Preston pulled when they showed up at the shop, she just didn't understand. She didn't hear what they discussed after she went to her station but they seemed cool with each other by the time she came back out, which was weird.
Jamie breathed in deep and let it out slowly. "I bet I know. Preston has the biggest crush on you. He's such a little boy about it." She giggled. "He was mean to you because he wanted you back, and knew you would never ever let him back in your bed."
"Please, he didn't want me. He wanted?" She frowned and looked over at Jamie. If she was going to be friends with Preston again, she should play nice, "Whatever, if you're? uh? sleeping with him, I won't bad mouth him."
"I will," Jess exclaimed. "He cheated on Fallon with Natalia."
Fallon shook her head. "Actually, it was a misunderstanding. I called Natalia and cleared that night up because I just didn't believe Preston. That was all Natalia, not him. For the record, I wasn't even seeing Preston. He was just a couple drunk fucks."
Jess glared back at her. "Really? So, now you're defending him? What about the last time you did work on him?"
Fallon pushed her fingers though her hair. "Jess, that's water under the bridge. We cleared things up. Preston and I are cool."
"Don't be mad Jess," Jamie pleaded. "You both are mated and can have all the hot monkey sex you want. Me, I need someone to tide me over until I find someone. You figure out who my soulmate is yet?"
"No. I haven't. Sorry, sis."
"You knew Fallon was going to hook up with Brody two years ago. How come you can't get a read on me?" Jamie pouted.
"See, Jess, Jamie's only into Preston for the sex." Fallon giggled. "Although, how do you not know about her and Preston?"
Jess groaned. "I was hoping I was just having nightmares."
"Have you seen anything bad between them?"
"No. Just that they don't last. Their fling ends amiably. He even hurts a little when Jamie kicks him to the curb." Jess grinned a little.
Fallon smiled at Jamie. "Good luck, Jamie. Love you two, but I'm out. I'm just going to go sneak over to Slater's and surprise Brody."
"Fine. We'll have to do a girls night sometime soon." Jamie slung an arm over her shoulder and pulled her in for a hug.
"Deal. See you both soon." Fallon hopped up and squeezed Jess before she hurried for the door.
"You could just call him. There are at least two acres between here and there. He'd come get you," Jess said.
"But then I couldn't get some fresh air, or surprise him."
"Be careful," they both called as the door shut.
Funny, she was older than both of them by almost twenty years. What was the worst that could possibly happen between Jamie and Slater's? The walk was only a couple acres, and the evening air was so much better than all of Jamie's fancy smancy candles burning all night. Fallon's sense of smell was normal. So if it was too much for her, she didn't understand how Jamie, a werewolf, could stand the candles.
By the time she stepped onto the side of the road, she felt the presence of a vampire and werecat nearby. She shook off the concern. They were in Edenton, and even though neither were common there, she had already run into one vampire and a couple of cats. Besides, the vampire wasn't a Shadowstalker which would give her reason to worry.
Someone covered her mouth and dragged her into a vehicle that was tucked into the trees at the side of the road, one she hadn't noticed. Fuck, why the hell hadn't she paid attention?
She was thrown into the van and rolled away from her abductor, to the other side of the empty space. The door was thrown shut with a slam and the tires squealed. She pushed herself into a crouch and saw Isaac across from her, and he looked pissed.
His long dark hair was stringy. He was filthy, like he hadn't had a shower in days. There was a crazy gleam to his gray-green eyes. What the hell had Malachi done to him?
"Let me out," she said coldly.
He lunged at her, knocking her to the ground, and crawled on top of her. "No, you're mine!"
Fallon slammed her fist into his skull before he pinned her arm down.
"Get off, Isaac."
"Plan to, red." He dropped his face to her neck and sniffed her. "Now why does my little slut smell like a wolf?"
What the hell? He'd never called her names, not even when she walked out on him.
"None of your fucking business," she snarled, raking her nails down his shoulder and arm as she struggled to get free. His hands were under her shirt, going for her breasts. Pissed, she head-butted him. There was a crunch and she grinned savagely, hoping she broke his damned nose again.
"You're mine, you'll always be mine." He bent down to kiss her, and she could taste his blood.
She bit his lip and tore with her teeth until he screamed and jerked away.
"Why are you fighting?" He gripped her wrists, yanking her arms over her head. His grip was so tight she knew she would be bruised.
"I should have walked away before we ever got started. There were a thousand times I should have left, but finding you cheating was the last straw." Her tone dripped with acid, and she wished like hell she could throw the bastard off her.
"I love you," he whispered, rage burning in his golden tiger eyes.
Shit, she needed to get out of there and fast. If Isaac shifted, she knew he would infect her. She needed to distract him, to keep him talking, until she could figure out a plan. "If that were true, you wouldn't have gone to someone else. I know it wasn't the first time either."
He shifted her wrists into one massive hand and turned her face to the side to bellow in her ear, "You. Are. Mine. Until last night we were still connected. Let me guess. You're fucking a new wolf?" He forced his knee between her thighs and pushed her legs open. "I can fix that."
She heard the jarring pop the same time she felt her leg pull free of the joint. Agony washed over her, and she nearly blacked out while he tried to get her pants open.
"Fuck you," she screamed and fought past the pain. Crying out, she wrenched one hand free and took a mana-blade that she slammed into his side as deep as she could. He rolled away and she sliced him open from ribs to pelvis.
She tried to get up but pain ripped through her whole side as her vision started to gray out. With a cry, she flopped back down and pulled herself to the door. Nothing ever hurt as bad as she did just then, and she lost all control. The crackle of electricity filled the van, and sparks danced off her skin, causing strange shadows to play on the walls.
When she looked back, she saw Isaac slumped against the wall, trying to push his intestines back inside. He was in worse shape than she was. She tried for the door again.
A roar ripped through the van, vibrating all the way to her bones. "You're mine!" She scooted further away and heard a thump. Then his hand wrapped around her ankle sending a new jolt of pain as he yanked. The smell of singed fur filled the air and his cry of pain rattled her, but Isaac let go and fell back with a thud.
Fallon slammed her hand into the door, and the metal shredded and curled outward as if to get away from her. She pushed herself out the door and shifted into a hawk, flying away. The explosion ruffled her feathers and she felt the heat at her back, but didn't dare stop to look.
Malachi could be out there, or some of his mages. She didn't want to drag them back to Brody or Jess, so she flew home and hoped she could find their house.
Her weight was off her leg, so the pain was a little better, but still ate at her awareness. Finding their house was tricky because she'd never bothered to fly around Edenton. Everything looked different from the sky.
She flew over the woods, in the direction she knew was home and looked for his garage because it was big enough to easily see from the air. She finally found it but circled around twice, looking for any sign of anyone or anything that shouldn't be there.
When she couldn't go on, she landed in a heap on the balcony and shifted back. Her whole side lit up with pain and she screamed, rolling to her side to get off her leg. Even that hurt, and she knew there was no way she was getting herself inside.
When Fallon shifted, her clothes and whatever else was on her person stayed with her. Her hands trembled as she pulled her phone from her pocket and she nearly blacked out when she barely shifted her leg.
Fallon took a few deep breaths until she was calm enough that she could manage a coherent sentence. She didn't want to panic Brody.

* * * *

Brody heard Fallon scream, not with his ears, but in his head and it was no less urgent. A van door slammed and tires screeched. She was in trouble. He was up and on his way out the door before he even realized what he was doing. He heard the vehicle in his head and on the road, echoing out of time.
Slater caught him around the chest and swung him around, slamming him into the wall outside on the porch. Slater got in his face and pinned him with one arm. Brody didn't fight, he was too disoriented by his and Fallon's combined senses.
Slater had the phone pressed to his ear. "Jess, what the hell happened over there?" After a pause, he said, "Get over here now."
He tasted blood and screamed. Pain exploded in his hip and Brody nearly fell to his knees, but Slater leaned into him, keeping him upright.
He gave Brody full eye contact. "Talk to me. What is it? What's happening?"
"She's hurt bad," he cried, closing his eyes to get a sense of where they were going, and jerking in her direction while shoving Slater back.
"Calm down, Brody," Slater told him calmly. Brody had to obey and the command pissed him off, especially when Slater ordered, "You're staying here until we can figure out what the fuck is going on."
He heard a sizzle, and all of his hair stood on end as if he had an extreme case of static electricity. Then he felt the burst of magic explode. He wanted to run, to catch them, but then he sensed the air, and the night sky. The smell of smoke nearly suffocated him but nothing was on fire. He could feel Fallon, but she was fuzzy, suffering and barely conscious.
At least she was moving away from the danger, but he didn't feel any better. He needed to run to her, and he sensed she was heading home. Why didn't she come to him? Why wouldn't she come here?
Jess tore into the driveway, and parked right in front of the porch. Jess and Jamie both hopped out. Jess rushed up the steps.
"Why didn't she call?" Brody whispered in horror.
Jess sighed. "She wanted to surprise you. I didn't see anything until after she left."
He just nodded. "I need to find her."
Jess squeezed his hand. "She's flying. I think she's going home."
"We should go. Now!"
"You're staying here until we know for sure. Don't argue." Slater used his alpha magic again, and Brody was real tempted to deck him.
Slater was already calling someone else.
"Evening, Slater." Robert said on the other end.
"Someone took Fallon. Jess says she's flying. Brody says she's hurt. Get your tracker out here now and find the sons of bitches, because my wolf is about to lose his shit."
"We're on our way." He hung up.
"You hear that Brody? The mages have this. You're going to chill, and as soon as we know something, we'll go to her."
Brody was incapable of words. He just clenched his jaw so hard it cracked. He should be out there, looking for her. He could still feel her. She was going toward their place.
Slater was already on the phone with Hayden, relaying the same information.
His vision grayed out and the world seemed to spin as a new wave of phantom pain spread through his hip, down his leg and up his side. He heard the ring and nearly dropped his phone as he scrambled to answer it. "Fallon, where are you?" He hated knowing there was nothing he could do to help her.
"Your? our house. Balcony. Shifting, going to stay put." The phone went dead and he broke free of Slater, and ran for his truck.
"You're not driving, you're too on edge." Slater tore the keys from his hand before he could get the door open.
Brody didn't argue, he didn't think he could drive this freaked out. He jumped into the bed of the truck. Slater fired up the engine and took off as soon as the twins were in.
They arrived at his house in record time, and before Slater pulled to a stop Brody jumped out at a dead run. He sprinted around his house and climbed up to the balcony. He didn't see her but he caught her scent.
It was mingled with bird, cat and a tiger? What the fuck? He turned slowly, taking a closer look. Beneath one of the two chairs he found a calico cat curled up. She was unconscious and her back leg lay totally wrong. He moved the chair out of the way and dropped to his knees.
With a gentle touch, he stroked behind her ears. "Fallon, is that you, baby?" he said softly. "I'm here."
Had to be her because she opened the greenest eyes he'd ever seen and let out a pained mewl.
The bedroom door opened and Jess stepped onto the balcony with Jamie on her heels. Slater followed right behind.
"Shit," Jamie whispered.
"Got to switch back, sugar" He ran his fingers along her jaw. "Got to see how badly you're hurt."
She did, and he was surprised to find her fully clothed, but he was more concerned that her leg was clearly not in the socket. Her hand wrapped around the back of his neck and she tried to pull herself into his lap with a sound caught between a whimper and a cry.
"Stop. Baby, stop. I don't want to hurt you." He moved so he could curl around her. He wanted to hold her still but offer comfort at the same time.
Fallon was pale, sweating, covered in blood and trembling uncontrollably. Brody looked back down at her leg and wanted to do something, but he was afraid to touch it.
"Just dislocated." Her voice was barely a whisper. "Hurts, but it could be worse." She took a few shallow breaths and laid her head against his chest. "I had to fly to keep off it, and so they couldn't track my scent."
"Shh, shh." He gave Slater a desperate look, but Slater was on the phone again.
"Jess, Jamie," Fallon moaned. "You know how to fix this. Please, just put it back."
"Lay her down on her back," Jamie told Brody, and he shook his head. She gave him a tense smile. "Fallon will feel better afterward. She'll still be sore, but better than this. You're going to have to hold her shoulders down. Jess and I can deal with her hip."
It was the last thing he wanted to do, but he did as they said. He lay Fallon back and sat behind her so her head was cradled in his lap, and then took her shoulders in a firm but careful grip. Jamie straddled Fallon's stomach and placed her hands on her hips. Fallon cried out as her body shifted.
Jess put one hand on Fallon's hip and the other on the leg and shoved the joint into place. There was a loud wet crack.
Fallon screamed until she passed out a few seconds later. That sound would give him nightmares for a long time.
The twins moved away. Brody pulled Fallon into his lap as gently as he could, and searched her body with tender hands. Her wrists were red and bruising. The blood wasn't hers, but there was an awful lot of it. He hoped to God she killed whoever did this to her or he would take them apart himself.
Slater's phone rang. "Got some news?"
"Yeah, found a burning van. Isaac and a vampire were in there." Robert hastily explained. "The vampire is ash now, but we can't find Isaac. His blood is everywhere. Fallon must have cut him open. We're following the trail."
"Keep looking, I think Brody wants a piece of that bastard."
"Let me talk to him," the mage said. Brody took the phone as Slater held it out. "I didn't find any of her blood, but she nearly blew the van apart. Isaac's in bad shape. He couldn't have gone far."
"Good," he growled into the phone.
"How bad is she? I know she has to be hurting. She only blows things up when she loses control. That only happens when things get really bad and she loses her temper."
"The bastard dislocated her hip. Says she flew back here. She stayed on the balcony because she was having a hard time getting up." Brody took a deep, shaky breath. "I'm going to kill him," he vowed.
"Oh, I don't doubt that for a second. Should I send a healer her way?"
Brody looked up at Slater.
Slater shook his head. "Clint is already on his way to get Dakota. Simons is staying with Jolene and Jacob just in case. We're getting the right people covered."
Brody relayed the information.
Robert said, "Okay, I'll call you if we can figure out where Isaac went."

* * * *

Hayden was on the way to the scene of the crime. Slater called to fill him in on what he knew, which wasn't enough. Someone took Fallon, most likely the Dales but there was no other information.
The mages were going to be there shortly. Hayden had met Robert years before, and he was a good guy. Preston was a wild card, and had a reputation for being a playboy and a smartass.
His phone rang. He gritted his teeth as he looked at the caller ID. Dacia. Perfect. He didn't have time for her shit, but he hit send, and growled into the phone, "What do you want?"
"Not coming into the bar?" Her high voice grated his last nerve.
"I have real work to do. You're off the hook for now." He hung up and hoped she'd leave him alone. After her little strip tease, he wasn't sure what was going through that woman's head. Even when she wasn't trying to get at Brody, she was acting cagey. Something was up.
First, there was the report of something flying out of her yard a few nights back, before she tried to pick a fight with Fallon. Then he saw something that matched the description fly out of the parking lot when Malachi paid Fallon a visit. Just yesterday, she made an attempt on Fallon's life.
Hayden had to wonder if she was working with the Dales.
There was just one flaw to that theory. Malachi was supposed to want Fallon to work for him, which meant she had to be alive. Fallon's reasoning for letting Dacia walk made sense. He'd still rather have her locked up until the situation was resolved, but he couldn't keep his eyes on her 24/7.
He pulled up behind a brand new Maserati of all things and rolled down his window as the mages climbed out. Hayden called, "May as well climb in. We can ride together."
Preston climbed into the front, Robert into the back.
"Drive. I think they took the first left." Preston pointed the direction, "I feel them over there. Not far."
That was a joke. Right? "Feel them?"
"Yeah, I have a read on their energy, which is a lot more accurate than going by smell and whatever else wereanimals use to track." Preston pointed again.
Fine, he'd play this the mage's way. For now. "Do you know who attempted to take her?"
"Yeah. A weretiger named Isaac Monroe, and a vampire I've never encountered. The vamp was weak, maybe a year dead. I feel a trace of dark mages, but they've scrubbed the trail from there."
Hayden shot Preston a look. "And how do you know this?"
"I've known Isaac for years, I know his signature. He was out here, they were pulled over by where we parked. I'm not making this shit up."
Robert sighed. "Look, I know my partner can be a prick. But he is trying to help. Can you give him a break? He's the best tracker we have."
"Right. Of course," Hayden muttered.
"There, look." A van had plowed into a tree and was on fire. There was also a trail of blood leading into the woods.
Hayden parked far enough away that if the van blew, his SUV would be untouched. However, it looked like it had already blown apart. What was left of the side of the van was curled outward and smoldering. He climbed out and jogged to where the blood started and followed the gore into the woods.
Robert headed to the van, and Preston passed Hayden as he ran into the forest, following the bloody mess the weretiger left behind. They ran nearly a mile through the woods to the next road where it ended in a puddle of blood. It looked like Isaac's legs gave out and he had tried to crawl away while his entrails dragged behind. There were hand prints in front like he tried to pull himself further. Then there was nothing.
"Shit." Preston kicked at the road, and balled his hands into fists.
Brody had to be going through hell right now. Hayden wanted to serve Isaac up on a platter and let Brody have at him.
He closed his eyes and turned around slowly. He could only find the sharp scent of pain and coppery smell of blood, but no cloying sweetness of death.
Robert caught up, and stopped dead beside him. "Preston. Please, tell me she killed Isaac."
"I'm sorry, I can't. He was alive when they took him. Not sure if he can survive much longer though. The dark mages covered his tracks. I have no clue where they went. Fuck, I hate this." Preston scrubbed a hand over his face. "Fallon's energy streaked up into the sky from the van. That must mean she's all right."
"She shifted into a bird?" Hayden asked.
Robert nodded. "She can, and she's resourceful. I'm sure she's the one who blew the van open. She probably went home. I'll just let Slater know what's up."
That was a relief. He didn't know if Brody could handle losing a mate, not after Sarah. He wanted to get to the bottom of this. "I'm going to take a closer look. There has to be some sort of clue we can follow."
Preston rolled his eyes. "You're not going to find anything concrete. These mages know what they're doing and how to block anyone from finding them. This isn't the first time we've had to deal with the bastards." Preston started back the way they came. "Good luck."
There had to be something the mages missed. Sure Preston could track magical energy and the dark mages may be able to cover the metaphysical evidence, but maybe they left something physical behind.
Chapter 15


Fallon's hip ached and the world rocked back and forth. Her stomach rolled over, but she was at home and safe in Brody's arms.
Brody, that terrified look on his face before the world went black.
"Stop rocking, Brody," she whimpered. "I don't feel so good."
Everything stopped, the world stopped spinning. She opened her eyes to find Brody's tearstained face. They were in the living room on the couch and they weren't alone, but she couldn't look away from him.
"You okay?" His voice was rough as he brushed his fingers across her cheek.
"Better," she breathed.
"Hey Fallon," Dakota said softly. "Is your leg your only injury? Think for a minute. I want to help you."
She tore her eyes away from Brody, to look up at the Dakota. "Just my leg. I made Isaac bleed before I got away." She tried to sit up, but her hip protested and she fell back into Brody's embrace. Black spots winked over her vision and she closed her eyes.
Brody touched her face, and she looked into his eyes. "Careful. I wanted to change your clothes, but your leg was?." He shook his head, and ran the back of his fingers down her face. "I thought your leg was broken until I heard the bone snap into place. I just didn't want to hurt you worse."
"None of that is your blood?" Dakota frowned, and waved his hand over her.
Fallon glared back at him. "Would you prefer it was?"
"No. I didn't mean that." Dakota insisted. "I just want to be sure I'm not missing something."
Fallon took a deep breath and nodded, but even thinking about what happened in that van pissed her off. "My ex," she laughed bitterly, "thought he'd get me back. He was going to take me against my will, to Goddess knows where. I'm going to kill that bastard."
"What happened?" Dakota asked softly.
She reminded herself that he wanted to help. He probably needed to know a few details, but they wouldn't help him. Besides her leg, she was fine. However, the details might help others in the room.
Fallon snarled, "He dragged me into a van. Someone started driving while he tried to force himself on me. He claimed he loves me." She closed her eyes, trying to replay the event.
Brody squeezed her tighter and a low growl rumbled through his chest.
Her hands clenched into fists as the anger hit her again, but some of that was Brody's rage filtering through their connection. She took a deep breath and coldly told the rest. "I shredded his arms and shoulders with my nails. Probably broke his nose again. Nearly bit his lip off when the motherfucker tried to kiss me. He was getting ready to shift when I gutted and then electrocuted him. There is no way in hell he got far, unless someone picked him up.
Robert cleared his throat. She looked his way. He stood just inside the door with his keys still in hand and Preston next to him. "Sorry Fallon."
Preston shook his head. "You nearly did kill Isaac. He only managed to get through the woods to the next road. I'm pretty sure dark mages picked him up. I couldn't trace shit past where he fell. You know I'm good enough to find him if the dark mages hadn't erased his trail."
"How the hell did they do that?" Slater asked.
"The dark mages can erase all traces in a small area as long as the individual wasn't there long, and they can erase their own trails. The Dales don't want to be found yet, and I've been doing my damnedest to find them." He rolled his eyes. "Hayden is still out there, looking for clues. Typical arrogant fae thinks he'll find something I can't."
Brody took a deep breath. His tone was low and dangerous. "How the hell did he live through all of that?"
Robert shook his head. "The Dales wouldn't have wasted the effort to bring him back if he had died. Someone will be able to put him back together."
Fallon shifted her weight and acute pain washed over her. She gasped and her hands balled into fists. "So Dakota, still want to help?" She tried to infuse some humor into her voice, but failed.
"Yeah," Dakota moved closer, "but you're going to need your pants off so I can see." He gave Brody a wary look.
Brody muttered, "Please, just fix Fallon."
Fallon started to open her pants.
Jess moved beside her and held up a pair of scissors. "Your jeans are soaked in blood, and you don't want to move that much. Just let me cut them off."
"Fine." Fallon answered and looked up at Brody.
Jess quickly cut the material away. Fallon looked down. Her hip and half her thigh were covered in black and blue bruises. No wonder any movement hurt so damned bad.
Dakota knelt down beside her, and a growl rumbled out of Brody. She looked up to find his teeth bared in a snarl. Fallon wrapped her hand around the back of his head and pulled his face down. "Look at me, baby, just at me," she purred.
Mated wolves were naturally possessive. Brody was in full on protect-mode. There was no way he was going to be able to think clearly while she was injured. She didn't want Brody doing something he'd regret, so she had to keep his attention on her.
Fallon felt Dakota's warm hands on her hip and thigh and fought back the urge to grit her teeth. Brody's eyes started to move down her body, and she pulled his chin back up. "Uh-uh, right here. He's healing me. So you chill out and look at me, Brody. Right here, just at my eyes." The growl went away and he smiled a little.
The pain faded completely as Dakota finished the spell. He stood up and backed away, looking really nervous. She sat up, and when that didn't hurt, she stood to get a better look. The bruises were gone with the pain. She didn't move away from where Brody sat on the couch.
"Thank you, Dakota, I appreciate it."
Brody closed his eyes and wrapped his arms around her waist, nuzzling her back. His growl moved into his purring one.
Dakota wiped his hands on his thighs and backed right into the door. "No problem, but I'm just going to go home now." He shifted his gaze to the corner. "Clint, you ready?"
"Yeah," he answered shakily, and quickly followed Dakota out.
The door closed. Fallon tipped Brody's head back. He opened his smoky blue eyes.
She arched a single brow but her tone was gentle. "Brody, stop growling. You scared the hell out of Dakota."
"Shit," he muttered, letting her go to pull his phone out. His guilty little frown was kind of cute. "Hey Dakota, listen, I'm sorry...." He paused and wound up smiling. "Okay, be safe." He set the phone down and took a second to look at her.
She glanced down and realized she was still covered in Isaac's blood and had no pants on. There was no way in hell Brody was letting her out of the house when he was still in caveman mode. She bent over to dig her keys out her jeans.
He yanked her into his lap and snapped at her, "What are you doing? If you think you're going up there to get your clothes, your nuts. Some asshole tried to take you. You're not going anywhere right now."
She patted his cheek. "I'm going to send Jess and Jamie to get my stuff out of the apartment. You can bring me something to wear when I get out of the shower."
His cheeks filled with color and he ducked his head, but he nodded.
She tossed her keys to Jess. "Take Slater just in case. I never really unpacked anything. Everything is in the closet."
"We'll be right back," Jess said. The three of them left the house.
Preston just shook his head. "Okay, the whole protection thing you got going, Brody, is pretty fucking scary. I think you just might give Fallon a run for her money."
Robert shot Preston a look.
"Leave him alone," Fallon said. Brody scowled at Preston, and she explained, "Pretty sure he felt Isaac dislocate my hip."
Brody nodded but didn't say anything.
She caressed his face. "I'm just going to take that shower."

* * * *

Brody took a deep breath as he watched his heart run up the stairs. Thank God she was a fighter.
Jamie handed her box to Brody.
He offered a weak smile, and Jess gave him hers.
She squeezed his arm. "She won't be long. You better get up there," Jess told him.
"Thank you." He went up the stairs to their room and set the boxes beside the closet.
Slater followed and put his down next to the others. "Are you okay?" His face was blank.
"Yeah. She's fine, I'm fine. That scared the hell out of me though. I don't remember ever feeling so helpless. Not even with Sarah in Iraq." He opened up one of the boxes and pulled out a pair of sweats and a tank top.
"I get that." Slater patted him on the back. "I couldn't let you run after her, Brody. They could have planned an ambush. Someone picked Isaac up. They were waiting for us." He rubbed the back of his neck and held Brody's gaze. "If you had gone after her, you would have been distracted, and there's no telling what would have happened. I think you know that I made the right call."
"I do." Slater was right, but knowing he could catch up to her and not being able to nearly killed him.
"We'll get him. We'll rip him apart." Slater squeezed his shoulder and turned to go. "I'll be downstairs."
Brody went into the bathroom and dropped the clothes onto the counter as she stepped out of the shower. She reached for the towel, but he picked it up and tenderly dried her. He needed to protect her, to make her safe, but he knew she could do all of that herself.
She looked up at him with a sad smile. "I wanted to surprise you. I didn't even think." She pressed a hand over his heart. "Things have been so good, I forgot about the Dales."
"They are good." He wrapped his arms around her. "Baby, I'm just glad you're here, and that you're okay." He kissed her, soft and sweet. Her hands tangled in his hair and her tongue delved deeper as she arched into him. He pulled the towel away and dropped it before he could back her against the counter as he caressed her skin.
She pushed him back with a look of determination. "I need to talk to Robert and Preston. I need to know how the fuck Isaac managed to live after everything I did. His intestines were lying on the floor, I fried him, and the van blew before I had a chance to get very far." She shook her head, and twisted her hair into a knot. "Once I have answers, we'll kick everyone out and you can make sure I'm okay." She splayed her hands over his chest and brushed her lips over his but there was a shadow in her eyes.
He stepped back and leaned against the wall, watching while she pulled her clothes on.
"Stop looking at me that way, Brody. Goddess knows I want to let you help me forget what just happened, but I can't. Not yet." Her hands knotted into fists. "I just tried to kill someone I cared about. Someone I tried to love."
Brody never considered how her defending herself could hurt her emotionally. Isaac had been her friend for years, her lover for two. That had to mess with her head and heart. Anything Brody could say would only hurt her worse. He ducked his head and started for the door.
"Hey." She grabbed his hand, pulling him to a stop. "I didn't mean I regret trying to kill him. I wish I had. Dealing with his death would be so much easier."
"I know, Fallon. I'm just happy you're all right. I can't even imagine what you're feeling after what he did."
"I don't even know what to think." She laid her head on his shoulder, and wrapped her arms around his waist. "I will kill him." She squeezed him tighter. "I have to end this."
"I know, sugar." He pulled her beside him and took her hand.

* * * *

Fallon clung to Brody's hand like a life raft. The shower washed away Isaac's blood but couldn't wash away what he tried to do. She had wanted to love Isaac, but never did. She always cared about him but they were too different to work as a couple.
She never imagined he would pull anything so fucked up. There was no reason good enough to excuse Isaac's betrayal. He knew enough about the last time Malachi had her. To hell with him. He could get himself out of his own damned mess. If Fallon saw him, she was going to kill him.
They stepped into the living room. Preston and Robert looked up when they entered the room. Both mages looked worried.
Fallon took a deep breath, and nearly lost her temper anyway. "How did Isaac's trail just disappear? Where?"
Robert shook his head and took a deep breath. "He went through the woods and fell when he got to the next road. There was a big bloody mess where he fell."
Preston picked up the story. "His trail ended there. I tried everything, but his essence disappeared like aliens beamed him up or some shit. There's no trace of him beyond that point. I would have sensed his death if he had died there. I felt the presence of dark mages. The Dales have him."
Rage washed through her. "That fucker was going to bring me to Malachi. He knew what I went through. I warded him. They can't enthrall him, so why the fuck would he take me to them?"
Preston plowed his hands through his hair, and met her gaze. "I found a blood offer from Malachi. He promised Isaac he could use your body anyway he pleased as long as he brought you in. Malachi claimed he had enchanted binds that you couldn't even get out of."
She knew vampires could basically create a contract written in their own blood. The dark magic involved bound the vampire to the terms. Malachi must believe the binds would work if he was willing to form a blood offer.
That terrified her, but she didn't believe such binds could exist. Not even fae enchanted chains could bind her. Someone had once tried a set on her. She was able to shift out when she knew wereanimals and other shifters couldn't.
There was only one thing she knew of that could keep her from shifting or using her magic. Certain drugs, but once the chemical began to leave her system her magic would come roaring back with a vengeance. Until the side effects wore off, she would have a hard time controlling her power. "Do you believe his chains will work?"
Preston shook his head. "I don't know, Fallon. But Isaac must have taken the offer, and Malachi would never have drawn up the contract if he didn't believe."
Fallon felt sick to her stomach. "I need a minute," she muttered as she walked into the kitchen with her arms wrapped around herself.
She knew Isaac would have gladly done what Robert and Tremaine were forced to do, except he would have enjoyed forcing his will on her. He preferred the scene she had walked into when she found him with the other woman. Why the hell did she believe him when he said he could go without? If she had just listened to her gut, to Jess-hell, to everyone, she could have avoided all of this. She was so fucking stupid.

* * * *

Before Brody could turn to go after her, both mages grabbed his arms. He tore away from them with a growl. "What's wrong with you? I need to talk to her."
"She needs a few minutes," Robert said softly. "Let Jess and Jamie talk to her."
Preston rolled his eyes. "Let me give you a little insight. Fallon has this fucked up notion that she's somehow at fault for her relationships falling apart. Isaac is no exception. The asshole was always on perfect behavior around her. He showed her his best side. She knew about some of his kinks, but she didn't know how dark his desires run."
Brody didn't understand. "How can she think she made him that way? She can't control what one asshole does, so why blame herself?"
"Don't ask me. I still haven't figured out her reasoning." Preston sat down with a sigh.
Robert said, "You'll have to ask her. Just a warning, she doesn't usually open up, and pushing won't get you anywhere. You'll have to listen when she's ready."
Brody nodded, knowing she would tell him if he asked but he was more concerned with how she was doing. Staring out the window, he strived to collect his thoughts. He hated knowing there was nothing he could do. He was a fixer. He liked finding solutions, but this wasn't something he could resolve.
Robert stood. "We can't do much from here. Preston has a few things he wants to check into. Tell Fallon we said goodbye."
"Yeah, and don't worry." Preston nodded toward the kitchen. "I have to imagine she's pretty pissed and has to cool off. She didn't want to believe Isaac was that kind of asshole, but he is. Just be there for her."
"I will," Brody answered.
"Keep us updated," Slater told the mages who let themselves out.
Jess and Jamie came out. Jess took Slater's hand. "Come on, we should let them have some time."
Slater smiled. "Mind if I borrow your truck until tomorrow? I'll bring it back early."
"Sure." Brody answered, not sure what else to say.
Slater left with the twins, and Brody locked the door behind them.
Before Brody could figure out whether or not to go to Fallon, she walked into the living room and froze. She stood there and just looked at him for a long moment.
"Hey," she finally said.
"Anything I can do?" He hoped so. He wanted to chase away the lost look on her face.
She nodded and moved to the couch. "Just come here." He sat down beside her and took her hand but didn't crowd her.

* * * *

Thank Goddess. They were finally alone. Fallon shifted to face him. They needed to talk, but she didn't know what to say. "Are you okay? Maybe freaked out a little?" Admittedly, she was.
Brody peered into her eyes. "When I heard you scream before they took you, I freaked. I tried to run for you, but Slater held me back. When I felt what that monster did to you, I was terrified. Feeling the rush of air around you scared the hell out of me. I had no clue what was happening. When you called, I felt a little better because they didn't have you. I knew you were hurt and I hated that I couldn't do a damned thing to help you."
He kissed her, just a brush of his lips on hers. "I felt a hell of a lot better after Dakota fixed your hip because you weren't hurting then. I know Isaac would have done much worse, and would have taken you to someone who?" he trailed off, shaking his head.
"You hurting scares the fuck out of me, Fallon. Did that first night I met you, and I knew you were hurt, but I made it worse. I hated tonight. Holding you down for them to fix your leg was hell. And then you screamed and my heart broke because I would have taken your pain."
Fallon took his face in her hands. "Well, I'm fine now. Just having you close helps more than you know. You make everything better." She closed the distance and gave him a slow kiss. He lifted her into his lap, letting his hands slide under her shirt and up her back.
"I want to make sure you're all better." His hands drifted down over her ass, and pulled her against his rigid length. "I need to make sure everything is in working order." He rolled her onto her back, on the couch, and slid his fingers under her waistband. She raised her hips, and he pulled the sweats down her legs and tossed them over his shoulder.
She pulled his shirt up over his head and dropped it to the ground before he bent down and pushed her tank top up. His mouth dropped to her hip. His lips brushed over the newly healed area as he looked up at her, his gaze full of desire.
"So glad you're all better." He spread her legs to lick the heart of her.
"Wait, Brody, I want you, all of you. I don't want to wait," she begged, sitting up to push him away.
He sat up and pulled her shirt over her head. She arched her back as he gently squeezed her breasts together to lick her nipples, and tug the rings with his tongue. "You don't want slow and easy?" He sucked one tip into his mouth, swirling his tongue.
"Goddess, no. Hard and fast. I need you now."
He stood and dropped his pants. She stood up with the intention of taking him to the bedroom. He spun her around and put her back on the couch on her hands and knees before pushing up against her. "Now?" His voice was husky.
"Yes, please, yes."
He entered her in one smooth powerful stroke. "I can't wait," he hissed as he hit home and withdrew only to glide back into her again.
"Brody," she cried out as she pushed back into him. He held onto her hip, hard enough to bruise but she loved the way he held her as he slammed into her over and over again. "Right there. Harder," she panted.
He thrust faster, deeper, until she thought she might shatter apart from the climax that rocked through her. He kept going, until he came, bringing her again. He rolled to his side on the couch, and she twisted around to wrap her arms around him.
"You satisfied with how okay I am?" she whispered against his collarbone, loving the way he held her close.
"A few more times and I may be," he purred back.
Chapter 16


Brody had a busy day working on motorcycles. Thank God for that. He was going crazy with worry ever since Fallon decided she was working that morning. He tried to talk her out of going to the shop, but she effectively put an end to his argument.
Okay fine, she had a point, but he didn't feel any better. The Dales were unlikely to try shit during the day since half of them were vampires. Slater made sure at least one enforcer was at Inktastic and another at his shop all day long. Besides, the more people with her wards, the better off everyone was.
Adam came through the door from the front. "Hey bro, I brought lunch. Fallon says she's sorry she couldn't come down."
He nodded. God, he hoped she wasn't mad. They hadn't exactly fought. He figured out pretty fast she wasn't going to budge so he didn't push. Brody just expressed his concerns and let her decide.
"Hey, she's not mad." Adam insisted. "She's just busy, and Jess fed her."
"Yeah?" Brody walked over into the back room where there was a table and a few chairs and sat down. Adam followed. "Did she tell you I tried to talk her out of working?"
Adam shook his head, but the dick grinned. "I figured you would. Especially after what Clint said went down last night. Your woman wouldn't say shit about what happened, and that if I wanted to know so badly, I could talk to the wolves if I was so inclined." Then he snickered. "She did say one thing about you. Said you made everything all better. I can just imagine how with that sexy grin of hers."
"You are such a prick."
"You're just easy to mess with."
Brody didn't want to trouble his brother with all the shit going on, so he changed topics. "So, how are you and Danika? And the wedding plans?"
"Great. Everything is pretty much ready. I can't wait." Adam grinned and sat the bag of Chinese takeout on the table before sitting down. "We're just glad the wedding is soon. Dani is pregnant but we haven't told anyone yet. She's worried she's not going to fit into her dress." Adam grinned.
Warmth filled Brody's chest. He smiled back. "I'm happy for you. And I'm sorry I haven't been more help lately." He felt like a bad brother for being so out of touch with Adam. Things had just been crazy since he crashed into Fallon.
"Oh, no you don't, Brody." Adam slapped him on the back. "You're still there when I need you. I'm just glad you've joined the living again."
"Was I that bad?" He knew the answer though.
"Yeah, but I understand. I'm sure I'd be a bigger mess if I lost Danika. You never fell into a depression, but you weren't living." Adam scrubbed a hand through his short hair. "I don't want you to take this the wrong way, but I honestly think Fallon is the right one for you. Not that Sarah was wrong, but after Raj attacked you, she never fully accepted your furry side. Fallon does."
"I came to that same conclusion when I told Fallon about that night and the hospital." He grinned. "Fallon was a little ticked about Sarah's reaction, but she didn't bad mouth her." He took a breath. "I almost feel guilty for not feeling guilty that I moved on pretty much the second Fallon came into my life."
"Four years, Brody, you mourned that entire time. There was nothing fast about letting Sarah go. It was time, and you were ready, and you're one lucky bastard. Fallon is everything you need."
"You're right."
"Of course I am, little brother. Go ahead and eat. I have to get back to work." Adam started back through the door.
Brody grinned. "Thank you. I needed that talk."
"Hey, you've done the same for me countless times. You're always there."

* * * *

Fallon was finally home after a busy day. Man, she was getting tired of brushing off the questions about what happened the night before. They were a bunch of gossipy wolves.
Realization dawned on her as she stood in their bedroom, staring at his dresser and the lack of his wife's pictures. She thought something was strange downstairs, but it didn't register until she came up here and her eyes landed where the photo use to sit. Fallon didn't know what to think, or what to feel.
"Hey. What's wrong?" Brody asked softly as he moved to stand in front of her, blocking her view.
She shook her head and looked up at him. "You didn't need to take them down."
Brody glanced over his shoulder with a little smile and back at her. "I did though. I didn't burn them or anything. They're in a box."
"I don't need you to remove any trace of her. I'm not that cruel," she whispered.
"Oh, sugar, I removed them because I was ready. I know you didn't ask." He brushed his lips over hers. "It was time. I needed to put the pictures away."
"You didn't. You don't." Shit, she didn't want him to think she had to be everything to him. His past was important. "I don't expect you to forget her. I?."
He pressed a finger over her lips. "Shh, Fallon. I'm not going to forget Sarah, but she's not my present and she's not my future. I didn't put them away to make you feel better. I put them away because I was ready to let the past go. Please tell me you understand." He combed his fingers through her hair, peering into her eyes.
Fallon nodded. "Okay."
"Now, I have something to ask you."
"What?" She frowned.
"When Slater welcomed you to the pack, you seemed real nervous. I think we need to talk about why."
Her stomach dropped out. The dreaded conversation. "I don't want to be a werewolf, Brody."
"I wasn't going to ask you to be. I told you, I don't want you to change for me. That would be a pretty big change, Fallon. If you ever decide you want to be, we can talk about that decision then, but I don't need you to be a wolf to be happy."
"Really?" As much as she knew not to compare him, she was. She really needed to stop.
"Yeah. I wasn't just talking when I told you I want you for you. That's the truth. I just need one thing from you."
"What's that?"
"Honesty. If you have a problem, or a concern, talk to me. Please. I don't expect us to agree one hundred percent on everything, but just like this morning, I'm not going to force my will on you."
"For the record, you were pretty amazing this morning." She gave him a quick kiss. "I expected a fight over working. Part of why I went was so that I wouldn't sit here and do nothing. I didn't want to think. I needed to be busy with work."
He nodded. "I get that. I honestly do. I've done similar." He pulled her toward the bed, and sat down. "Now, are you okay going on the hunt tonight? If you don't want to, you don't have to. Hayden said he'd keep an eye on you if you wanted to do something else. I'm sure Danika would hang out with you too."
Fallon laughed. "You asked another man to hang out with me if I didn't want to run with the wolves?"
"I trust you, Fallon. Hayden is a good friend, and I trust him as well. I don't think I could go on the hunt if someone with a little power wasn't with you, but since Jess and Jamie have to go, I figured Hayden would work."
"Well, I want to come. Just don't expect me to rip into any live animals." She shuddered. "I'm not opposed to everyone else hunting. I'm not a vegetarian or anything. I just can't stomach raw meat in any form."
"Good to know." He chuckled. "So, tell me something. How does the clothes thing work with shifting? You startled me when you shifted and you were dressed."
"Oh, shifting is just another form of magic for me. My clothes and whatever that is on me are stored magically? or something." She shrugged, not totally sure herself.
His eyes sparkled. "So, what else changes in those forms?"
"I can still cast at least some magic shifted. My senses are elevated, and I take on some of their traits, but not all." She looked him in the eye. "And I'll warn you now. I don't do furry sex, not in any form for any reason. I draw a line there."
Brody's eyes widened. "Don't worry. I never even considered it. I will admit that being able to run as a wolf with you excites me, but it has nothing to do with humping."
Fallon grinned. "Good, I'm glad we're on the same page."
"So, was that the only thing worrying you about Slater welcoming you?" Brody asked sincerely.
"Yes, and I know you aren't those other assholes, but sometimes I have a hard time remembering that," she admitted, and then took a deep breath. "Damon and Isaac both wanted to change me. We argued about it constantly. I think Damon wanted me to change because my magic bothered him, and most casters lose all their magic when they become a wereanything. Druids work differently from what I understand. Our magic changes, but doesn't go away. I guess Isaac just thought I'd think more like him if I were a tiger. I don't know."
"I don't think I'm ever going to understand why you put up with them when you knew they weren't working." He squeezed her hand.
She shook her head and laughed. "I honestly don't know anymore. I've seen the error of my ways now that I have you."

* * * *

Brody walked with Slater through the woods. They were heading to the meeting spot where they would meet all the other werewolves and Fallon. The mages, Hayden and a few of Edenton's casters were already out patrolling.
"You sure you want Fallon out here?" Slater asked.
"I figure she's safer with a hundred shifted wolves than by herself with Hayden." Brody cut his gaze over. "She wanted to come, and she wants to protect me too. Besides, how are they going to know what she looks like as a wolf?"
Slater side-eyed him. "You do realize we don't look like your average wolf."
There was that, but some of the smaller wolves looked like natural wolves. That might be a good thing. "And if Jess were in the same situation, would you want her hanging with Hayden without you? Knowing she was capable of protecting herself?"
Slater shook his head. "No, but I'm real tempted to send you with her. They want you both, remember. Maybe they want her more, but you still figure in."
"And I believe that if she's safer with a hundred shifted wolves, I am too. Everyone is going full wolf and the Dales won't be able to easily figure out who is who if they actually show."
"True. I still think they'll show." Slater sighed. "I don't like this."
"Neither do I, but what can we do?"
"Nothing yet. We don't know enough."
They stepped into the clearing. Fallon had gone ahead with Jess and Jamie. The twins were already stripping down, getting ready to shift. Fallon sat on a rock in her jeans, motorcycle boots and tank top. There were several wolves watching her, probably curious why she wasn't getting naked.
She looked up and smiled as Brody walked over to her. "Hey there. I was beginning to wonder when you'd show up."
"Just had to talk to the old man." He nodded to Slater before pulling his shirt over his head. "You want me to shift first? Or you?"
Fallon stood and shifted instantaneously. He knelt down to run his fingers through her thick coat. There were hints of red like her hair through her cream colored fur. Her eyes were still as green as ever, though he had never seen a wolf with green eyes. "Oh, sugar, you're beautiful."
She bumped his chest with her head and he rubbed behind her ears. She woofed softly and nipped the leg of his jeans. "Okay, okay." He got rid of the rest of his clothes and shifted. Most wolves took close to a minute to shift, but Brody never took more than ten seconds. The enforcers and Slater shifted about as fast as he did. He knew it was something to do with their natural level of dominance which Brody still wasn't sure he understood.
Fur rippled down his back, his bone structure shifting as his muscles and flesh were pulled and compacted into his beasts shape. It wasn't painful but it wasn't exactly comfortable either. It always felt strange, until the process was over.
He opened his eyes and the colors faded into shades of gray but his vision sharpened. His hearing and sense of smell intensified. She brushed against him, and nodded into the woods. In this form she was so small next to him, but he was a big wolf.
Brody and Fallon followed Slater, who led Jess and Jamie into the trees. When Slater howled, the wolves broke off in different directions. Fallon stayed right with him, but he had a feeling she could easily outrun him. They ran and played, and just enjoyed themselves.

* * * *

Fallon was getting tired and hungry after hours of running and playing. She had stopped under a willow tree to rest. Brody had hunted down a rabbit and was happily munching away, and she was almost hungry enough to be tempted.
She was happy just to watch him. He was gorgeous, and big at almost three times her size. His fur was dark with lighter patches around his face and belly. All four of his massive paws were paler, his tail had a white tip, and his eyes were an icy shade of blue.
Like most of the wolves, he was more muscular than a normal wolf, definitely stronger and he was fast. Not as fast as she was, but she didn't have his strength. She could watch his beast all night.
When he was done, he ran his tongue over his teeth and came to lie next to her. He was so warm and she loved to curl up beside him. Brody laid his head next to hers and sighed.
She felt the darkness intensify, like it was weighing down on her. Fallon sprang to her feet to prowl around, searching. She couldn't hear anything other than the wolves in the woods, but she felt the dark energy of a mage and a Shadowstalker.
Fallon moved back to her spot under the willow tree and shifted back. She stayed on her hands and knees as she cast a shield that would not only keep her and Brody hidden from view, but also keep what she said inside her spell. Brody scooted in front of her and gave her a long look.
"No one can hear us," she said. "There's a Shadowstalker and dark mage nearby."
Brody nodded once.
"I need to get in touch with Hayden and the mages. I'm going to text them real fast. I don't know what to do about the pack just yet."
Fallon pulled her phone out and sent a text to Preston, Robert and Hayden. She told them about the dark mage and vampire, and about her shield. Fallon moved to lean against the tree, and Brody walked over to her.
Her phone buzzed with Robert's reply. With Preston and Hayden. We'll be there soon.
"They're coming. I'll keep the spell up," she told Brody who barked once. He didn't sound too happy. She was beginning to think she should have eaten a bigger meal before leaving, but she really hadn't thought about how long a hunt would last. With Jess' pack, she always just left when she was tired. She could have gone home earlier but she didn't want to leave Brody, especially with the Dales nearby.
A wolf went streaking into the clearing, and something in a dark cloak dove on him. She saw the flash of silver as the vampire's mouth opened. Shit, she couldn't stay under the cover of a spell when the wolf was pinned by the vampire. Fallon hadn't bothered to work with the wolves in their full wolf forms because she figured they were more likely to be in their half human forms. She did all of her fighting as human, so she didn't really know how to train them as a beast.
Fallon dropped the shield, rushed forward, and threw a bolt at the unsuspecting vampire, knowing full well that the wolf would get a jolt. She would deal with the consequences later but she wanted to stop the vampire from ripping into the wolf's throat.
The vampire was blown off the wolf who yelped. She ran past the werewolf with Brody right behind her, but she didn't bother to look as she drew her long blade.
She felt the darkness closing in and knew the dark mage had cast a spell. Fallon looked up in time to fling a lightning bolt in the direction of the black orb hurtling her way. Her spell penetrated the dark sphere and tore apart the spell before it could harm anyone. The vampire shot up, saw her blade and ran into the woods. "Chickenshit!" she screamed.
Preston came barreling into the clearing and stopped dead. "Thought you were staying put?"
"Was, but they attacked a wolf." She turned around to find the wolf on his belly making a sound somewhere between a whimper and a moan. Brody stood over him, ready to protect him. "The mage is nearby. I didn't get a good look at either. The vamp was wearing a cloak."
She felt the chanting rather than heard, which tripped her up, but she spun toward the direction of the spell and saw Hayden swing a huge ax through the mages skull with a wet crunch. Fallon lost her appetite.
"Well, that's one way to deal with him." She turned back to Brody. "I'll call Dakota to help the wolf after we deal with the vampire."
Brody answered with a bark. She hoped she didn't piss anyone off, but she didn't want the wolf bitten either.
She was knocked to the ground from behind, a hand twisted in her hair, pulling her head to the side. Before she could do a damned thing, the vampire was torn from her with a growl. She sprung to her feet and found Brody chewing through the vampire's throat.
Preston grimaced. "I've never seen a wolf decapitate a vampire like that."
"Can I suggest you two go home?" Hayden asked as he stepped into the clearing. "There's no telling if there are more nearby."
"I don't sense anything else out there." Preston said. "That doesn't mean they couldn't be hiding, but these two weren't. They were coming after whoever they could. They went for the first wolf they found."
"I don't know, Hayden." Fallon said. I'm not opposed to going home, but who's to say there aren't more out here? I know what I'm doing, but I didn't show anyone what to do in wolf form."
"Your man easily figured out how to kill them." Preston nodded to bloody remains of the vampire. Brody moved closer to her, and she knelt to rub his head.
Hayden took his enchanted axe and pressed it to the vampire's bloody throat. Once it sizzled and started to burn, he did the same to the body. "You taught everyone enough. You two would be safer at home."
Robert came into the clearing. "I can take you two back to Brody's house, and one of us can bring his truck and the rest of his stuff by later."
The werewolf she jolted with that spell crawled over. Fallon patted his back. "Sorry, buddy. I didn't want to hurt you but figured a shock was better than a vampire ripping into you."
He licked her face. Brody growled and she laughed. The injured wolf trotted into the woods with what sounded like a chuckle. Slater, Jess and Jamie came into the clearing and stopped when they saw the mess. Slater looked at her, then Brody and back at Robert but they were all still in wolf form.
Hayden spoke up. "I think that's his way of telling you two to go home."
Slater barked and nodded once.
She hated not being able to simply talk with the wolves, but she agreed. "Fine, but the cars can't be that far. I'm not sure how Brody's going to handle translocation."
"True, but you're tired, and you have to be hungry. You've been out here for hours." Robert told her.
She looked at Brody and sighed. "Up to you, baby. If he takes us home, we'll be there in a second. There's a catch though, you will most likely throw up. Most people do the first time, and some people do nearly every time." She tossed Preston a look because she knew Preston couldn't handle traslocation.
Preston just rolled his eyes. "I'm pretty sure Brody would stomach it for you. He just ate a vampire for you which couldn't have tasted so great." He had a point.

* * * *

Being home in a second sounded good to Brody. Clint was the wolf she saved, and he was fine. The dickhead liked pain, so he probably got off on the shock. She may not have taught them to fight in wolf form, but that was something they all could do naturally, and they weren't the only ones in the woods that night.
Brody walked over to Robert and nudged his leg with his head. Robert looked back at Fallon. "I think that means he'll deal with the consequences."
"All right." Fallon shrugged. "You've been warned." She took Robert's hand. Robert put his free hand on Brody's back. Then they were on Brody's doorstep in the blink of an eye. A wave of nausea hit him. Brody trotted off the porch to heave up his guts, the rabbit, and the vampire blood. He hadn't been that sick since he was human, and throwing up as a wolf was worse.
Fallon moved to him, and rubbed his back in long strokes. "Sorry. I tried to warn you," she murmured.
"If anything weird happens out here, get in touch with me. We'll be right here."
"Call me if anything happens," Fallon said as she stood. "I hate leaving things when they could still need me.
Robert gave her a dirty look. "What? So you can come back out there? Isn't the point of going home to keep you safe and let you get some rest? We'll take care of them if they come back, but I don't think they're going to try."
"Fine, just remember, I'm perfectly capable of taking them apart." She turned her back on the mage and walked up the steps to the front door which she opened. She stepped inside and Brody followed as Robert disappeared.
"I'm guessing you're hungry now." She smiled down at him before starting for the kitchen."
He was still feeling a little off, but yeah, he was hungry.
"Come on," she said as she opened the refrigerator. "I'll get you some steak, and I'm going to eat something before I go to bed."
He watched as she pulled all the fixings for a sandwich out of the fridge and the package of steak. She plopped both hunks of meat on a plate for Brody. Then she grabbed a big bowl that she filled with water and set it next to his plate.
She laughed softly. "You know? I feel weird feeding you this way, but I'm not sure what else to do." Then she threw together a quick sandwich, put things away and sat down on the floor next to him.
When she finished her sandwich, she yawned. "Happy?"
He barked once.
"You can still snuggle me. I trust you." She stood. "I'm tired though, so unless you need something, I'm heading up." He barked again and she scratched his head before leaving the room.
He finished quickly, and went up to find her asleep. She had left her clothes on the floor, and was wrapped in the blanket. The full moon would keep him from changing for another hour, so he climbed up beside her, and went to sleep.
Chapter 17


Fallon sat at the kitchen counter drinking a cup of coffee. She was fidgety and nervous and she couldn't quite figure out why. Brody was sound asleep when she woke. He had shifted back sometime during the night. He was so peaceful that she let him sleep because some wolves needed some extra rest after a full moon.
She was tempted to find her phone and call Robert. See if they ran into any other Dales. Just before she decided whether or not to go get her phone, she heard a knock at the door and frowned. Brody was taking her to brunch with his brother and Danika, but that wasn't for another hour and they were meeting them at the diner.
She went to the living room and opened the door. Slater raised his hand in a wave. He had a duffel bag in the other. Maybe Brody's phone was in there, but he still could have had Jess call her. "Morning, Fallon."
"Hey." She took a step back. "Come on in."
Slater shut the door and dropped the bag on a chair. "Brody up?"
"Nope. I can go wake him if you want."
He smiled. "Actually, I want to talk to you. This is not a private matter, if you want to wake him you can."
She shrugged. "If he needs to hear this now, I'll wake him. If not, I'll tell him when he gets up."
"Let him sleep. Mind if I get a cup of coffee?"
"Not at all." She walked back to the kitchen, wondering why Slater was there to talk to her, but not necessarily Brody. Maybe she was about to catch hell for the wolf she hurt. Well, it wouldn't be the first time something like that had happened. She took a seat and then a sip of her coffee.
He grabbed a mug out of the cabinet and filled it. He added a little cream before he turned to her. "I wanted to thank you for protecting Clint. I know you had that little tiff at the bar."
Fallon couldn't help but laugh. "Okay, I didn't realize who the wolf was. That's not the point though. First off, I don't have a problem with Clint as long as he keeps his hands to himself. Second, I'm guessing you don't thank your wolves for looking out for each other. So don't thank me. Especially when I know I hurt him with that spell, but it was the best way to stop the vampire."
"Clint likes pain, so he wanted to thank you himself. I convinced him it wasn't a wise idea, but he swore he would only say the words, not make a play." Slater smiled. "Still, I just wanted you to know I appreciate everything you've already done for the pack."
She rubbed the back of her neck feeling uncomfortable. She hadn't done anything but teach them a few things to help them fight back. "Okay, but still, I don't want any thanks."
"All right, but I should let you know that what you taught everyone helped my wolves and Hayden to take out several more Dales."
"Shit," she muttered. Slater's brow arched, and she explained. "I knew I should have stayed."
"No, you needed rest. You were getting tired by the time you left. We had already killed several Shadowstalkers before you saved Clint. They were just trying to pick off who they could. Preston thinks maybe they are set up around there. He's going back after a few hours to see what he can find."
"Oh." Her mind was racing. "Does that mean we'll be going after them if we find them?" She hoped so. She wanted to stop them before the Dales managed to take anyone.
Slater gave her a long look. "You don't have to make this a personal crusade. I know why you feel you need to kill Malachi, but you don't have to put yourself there." He sounded like Gabriel, but she supposed they were similar in age. Gabriel had been the one to give Jess the alpha's contact information. Then again, Gabe seemed to know everyone.
"I appreciate the concern, but they aren't just after you. I'm sure Jess gave you at least a brief summary of what happened when I got her away from them last time, but that wasn't the first time I dealt with them. They've been trying to convince me to work for them for twenty years. I'm just lucky they can't brainwash me like they do most of the people they want. Plus, I know how to fight back."
"You sure do. I didn't know that they've been coming for you so long, but there are still other people who can take this fight on. You don't have to be the one. No one will blame you if you let others handle the Dales."
"Don't bother trying to talk me out of going."
He smiled a little. "I know words won't sway you, but I had to try."
"Good. I can't stay behind, not after what I went through."
"I understand." Slater shifted his weight. "One more thing, Jess, Jamie and Danika are taking you shopping after your brunch."
Fallon groaned. "You sure you don't have another dozen wolves who want a tattoo today?"
He laughed out loud. "Don't tell me you don't like shopping. All women love shopping."
"Not this one," she grumbled, but she had promised the twins a girls night, so she supposed a day would work.
A shiver worked down her spine as Brody's big, warm hands gently squeezed her shoulders. "You really don't want to go with your friends?" he asked thoughtfully.
Fallon swiveled her chair to smile up at Brody. "I'm going. I just prefer not to shop."
"Well, I noticed you need a dress for the wedding. I didn't see a single dress or skirt when you put your clothes away." One golden eyebrow rose. "You don't like dresses, do you?"
"I'm more comfortable in jeans." She shrugged. "But I suppose I can't get away with that for a wedding."
Brody grinned. "Sure you could. I don't think anyone would complain."
"You mentioned your parents were going to be there. I want to make a good impression." She glanced down at her arms and frowned. "I'm not hiding my tattoos, but I should at least wear a dress."
"My parents will love you, tattoos and all, even in jeans. And I love you in anything." He gave her a quick kiss before moving to the coffee pot.
"Morning, Slater. Hope you didn't mind me bringing her home last night. Was there any trouble after we left?"
Slater nodded. "Actually, there was some before you left. Only one more vampire after Robert whisked you two away. Thanks to Fallon's training, we managed to take them out."
"Sorry. I didn't realize." Brody scrubbed a hand over his face. "I was worried about Fallon. I wasn't thinking about the rest of the pack."
"Don't stress. We were covered." Slater patted Brody on the back. "I just came by to bring your stuff and thank Fallon. She assures me she was just doing her duty, but doesn't want to hear it."

* * * *

"Come on Dacia, come out with me tonight." Bridget pleaded over the phone.
"No, I have no desire to do anything." Except maybe take a nice long hot bath. She did some of her best plotting in the tub. Maybe she could come up with a plan to seduce Hayden. She had given up on Brody and refocused her attention on Hayden, but he shut her down harder than Brody ever did.
She still had a hard time believing Brody and Fallon were mated. Dacia had held out hope that Fallon didn't feel the same about him. Spying on the barbeque only proved that Brody and Fallon were made for one another.
She actually gagged.
"?could just beat the? What the hell, Dacia? Are you okay?"
"Huh? Oh? no. I need to go." She hung up and threw the phone across the room as she fell back on the couch.
The door burst open as a shadow streaked into her living room. She was up and on her feet a second later. "What are you doing here?"
"As I told you before, I want to help you obtain the man you want."
Nope. She was done with Brody. The vampire couldn't give her what she truly wanted. Still, arguing with a Shadowstalker was not in her best interest. "And how is that?"
"Simply make sure Fallon comes to us. I can make sure your werewolf forgets all about her. I have her ex and he wants her all to himself. After he's through with her, Brody won't want her."
Somehow, she doubted that. How could she warn them though? Should she warn them? Would they think it was a trick? She did the only thing she could. "I need details."
The shadow dropped an envelope on the coffee table and disappeared. She was tempted to call Hayden, but he'd probably just accuse her of helping the Dales. Maybe she could come up with a solution after she opened the envelope. Maybe she'd be able to prove to Hayden she wasn't as guilty as he wanted to believe.

* * * *

Fallon felt good to finally be home after a day of shopping, the salon and then the barbeque. Admittedly, she had fun with Jess and Jamie, and the salon wasn't so bad. Her hair was straightened to a silken sheet that hung down her back, and her makeup was light but earthy. She felt a little silly in the dusky blue, silken slip dress and strappy sandals. At least until Brody got a look at her. He seemed to love how she looked and she forgot all about how ridiculous she felt.
He made her feel beautiful, sexy, and so very desired. They hadn't been able to get two minutes alone, and she was going crazy. Her desire was going to erupt into a wildfire if he didn't get inside her ASAP.
Brody parked the truck and they raced to porch where he hurried to open the door. She stepped inside, kicked her shoes off, and unzipped her dress. The fabric fell to the floor, and nearly tore her panties and bra off as Brody locked up.
She prowled toward him as he turned to face her. He gave her a wicked grin as his eyes traveled up and down her body.
Brody said, "Don't tell Adam, but I'm glad we're finally home." He looked so handsome with his button down shirt and black slacks he filled out so well, but she wanted him naked.
"Oh, baby, I need you," she murmured, unbuttoning his shirt as quickly as she could manage.
Her phone rang and she gave him a dangerous look. "I'm ignoring that."
"Ignoring what?" he asked with wide eyes as she pushed his shirt off his shoulders. She dropped to her knees to undo his belt, then opened his pants and pushed them down as she smiled up at him.
"Please, Fallon, you start that, and?" He ended on a groan when she shoved him onto the couch. Brody fell and she managed to get his shoes and pants off as she sucked him into her mouth. "Holy hell, that's so good."
She chuckled around his shaft, and tossed the rest of his clothing behind her. His hips thrust. She loved how fast she worked him up, but she wanted him inside her before he found his release.
Fallon climbed into his lap, slowly sliding down over his length. "Now that's better," she moaned as she circled her hips. "I've been waiting all day long for this."
Brody stood up, his hands gripping her ass as he moved her to the door. He banded one arm around her waist and took her good and hard up against the surface, until it was rattling in the frame and she was screaming his name.
"You are so damned sexy? all nice and sweet all evening? and as soon as I get you home? you strip down to be the best? fantasy I could ever imagine," he said between wet kisses up her throat.
Her hand slithered between them and she found her clit, tight and slippery. "Right there," she cried, "but harder."
He obliged. "Oh fuck, what are you doing? That feels so damned good."
"Coming, oh yes, so good," she cried. He thrust into her twice more before coming to a stop deep inside with a groan. His cock throbbed and she felt the hot pulse of his of his seed. After a moment, he slid down the door with her still wrapped around him.
"That was so fucking amazing," he panted. "Every time is better than the last."
She kissed his collarbone, nibbling up his neck to his ear. "No, you're amazing. I watched you all night, going crazy because all I could think about was stripping you down and having my way with you. Then you go and fuck me up against the door."
"What's going to be hot is when I warm up some caramel and do what I've wanted to do since that night with the cheesecake."

* * * *

Christ, Fallon was so fucking perfect. She hopped up on island counter and spread her legs with only a smile on her lips. "Right here?"
"Mmhmm." He nodded as he grabbed the caramel to heat it up in the microwave long enough for the sauce to be warm. "You ready for this?"
"As long as I get to do a little drizzling and licking myself," she promised.
"My turn first." He took the caramel and poured the sauce over the top of her breasts, letting it slide down her skin. Her eyes fluttered shut as he circled her right nipple with his tongue, and then he tugged on the ring with his teeth. Her head fell back on a gasp when he sucked her into his mouth.
Moving to the other side, he swirled his tongue around her areola until she whimpered and then licked the caramel off, humming his approval. She tasted so good he closed his mouth around her tight bud.
Her hand tangled in his hair. "Brody, Goddess, that's so?," she moaned as he pushed her shoulders down and pulled her hips forward to drizzle caramel right over the heart of her. "Oh please," she cried out. He licked and teased, then then pulled her hips up for one long lick. Her nails dug into his scalp and she cried out when he pressed his tongue into her before licking back up to her clit.
"You like?" Brody purred.
"Goddess, yes," she whimpered and he went back to work, fucking her with his tongue until her back arched and she cried out again. She came so hard and fast that he had to take her again.
Brody stood up and thrust into her.
When she caught her breath, she sat up and snagged the bottle and let the caramel glide across his collar bone to slide down his chest while he made love to her. "Mmm." She nibbled sauce off his skin with little kisses that drove his need higher and higher. "Now this," she sucked on his skin, "was a good idea." Then she dragged her tongue and the caramel down to his nipple and bit just hard enough that his breath caught. He was so close.
Then she said, "Floor, now!"
He didn't argue, just picked her up and sat down with her in his lap. She rose and fell on him, faster, harder.
"You feel so damned good." He snarled, tangling his hands in her hair, and then kissed down her throat. She took him to new heights as she came around him, bringing him with her.
Chapter 18


A phone rang. Had been ringing. Kept fucking ringing. Fallon opened an eye and looked through her hair at the clock. Six in the morning. What the hell? She was too warm and comfortable in Brody's arms to want to get her stupid cell phone. The sound was coming from downstairs and grated her nerves even though she could barely hear the noise.
It stopped and she relaxed, snuggling back into Brody with a satisfied sigh. He was still asleep but already half hard. One big hand was nestled between her thighs while the other curved over her breast, and his lips were pressed to her neck. She was sore in all the right places but hadn't had nearly enough sleep.
The damned phone started ringing again. With a groan she slipped out of bed, ready to murder the asswipe who was interrupting her sleep. She padded down the stairs and had to smile. Their clothes were still tossed all over the living room.
Fallon found her phone in the purse Jamie convinced her she needed. She didn't wear dresses, so her pockets worked since she didn't carry much. Brody liked the dress, so maybe she'd wear them more. Now, the purse made more sense.
She knelt down and pulled her phone from the purse.
It stopped ringing, and she sat back on her heels to look at the display. Another missed call from Jackass. The last ten calls were all from Isaac. The first one was the night before.
Okay, now she was awake. She quickly dialed Robert.
"What's wrong, Fallon?" Robert yawned into the phone.
"You might want to get Preston to trace Isaac's phone. I keep getting calls from his number."
"What?" He blurted out and she heard him moving around frantically. "No. You think he's been healed? Or Malachi just has his phone?"
"Does it matter?" she barked. "Either way the calls are bad news." She started back up the stairs. "Whoever is calling has called ten times. I couldn't keep ignoring the phone after a point. Isaac shouldn't have my new number, neither should the Dales. There's no contract so it wasn't like he could call the phone company for it."
"You're right, this is bad. We'll be over soon. Don't answer his calls," Robert commanded before he hung up.
No shit. She hurried back up the stairs and tossed the phone on the dresser.
Brody sat at the edge of the bed with a puzzled look. "Everything okay?"
"No." She started pacing. "I have a bunch of missed calls from Isaac. Robert and Preston are on their way."
Brody pulled her into his lap and wrapped her in his arms. "Are you all right, Fallon?"
She sighed heavily, letting his heat warm her. "Little tired, but we have to deal with this." She kissed him briefly before getting up. "I'm going to hop in the shower real quick."
"Good idea."
They were ready in ten minutes. She hurried into her clothes and rushed downstairs to start some coffee. The doorbell rang as soon as she turned on the machine.
Brody answered the door, and brought Robert and Preston into the dining room.
"Morning," Robert said.
"Your clothes are still all over the living room." Preston chuckled.
Rolling her eyes, she tossed her phone to Preston and turned back to the coffee machine. "It's early and I'm bitchy. Give me shit, and you won't get caffeine."
"Better listen to her." Brody murmured as he walked past her, brushing his fingers over her shoulder and down her arm. That simple touch offered so much comfort.
Preston's brow quirked up, but he played the messages on the speaker. Isaac's voice filled the room, and he sounded liked he was in serious pain. Good, she hoped he hurt worse than anything he ever felt for scaring Brody.
There was something she didn't understand, though. Isaac kept screaming about their bond.
"I don't get it." she looked to Robert. Isaac had to be making that shit up. "I know we never bonded. I feel the bond with Brody. I never had anything with Isaac. Nothing."
"Fallon," Preston said, and she met his gaze. "I hate to tell you this, but I think he did bond with you. Cats don't bond the same as wolves. If you were any type of werecat, you would have bonded."
"That's not even possible," she snapped.
"It is possible, but not common." Preston sighed. "You're not a werecat, so his bond is one-way. Why do you think he always pressed you to let him change you?"
"What?" She covered her mouth. Then dropped her hand. "You really think that he?" She shook her head and Brody turned her around to look into her eyes.
"Shh, whether or not he bonded, it doesn't matter. He still hurt you. He still tried to take you against your will," Brody said softly. She knew that, she just couldn't understand how the fuck Isaac could do that to her in the first place.
Preston cleared his throat and added, "Like I said, cat's work differently. He clearly feels a bond when you don't, but Isaac has been borderline nuts since he became a weretiger. You leaving didn't help his frame of mind."
"Stop. I almost feel bad for him but his choices are his own." She refused to take the blame for his mistakes. "I can't change the past, but I won't feel guilty because I couldn't be what he wanted He tried to take me against my will so he can fuck off and die." she stepped away from Brody and looked into his eyes. "Isaac knew what Malachi had done to me. He knew, and he's still helping that piece of shit. I'm going to kill him."
"Amen, sister," Preston said before dialing the cell company.
"We'll get him," Brody promised.

* * * *

Brody had to wonder what was going on in Fallon's head. She sat on the counter, staring out the window. Preston was still on the phone sweet talking someone at the phone company.
Brody leaned against the counter next to her and took her hand. "Are you okay?"
Her gaze swung to his. "I will be when we finish dealing with this mess." She shook her head and shrugged. "I'm just having a hard time understanding how the hell he can claim he loves me if he's willing to? fuck, it doesn't matter. I wish I had realized how fucked in the head he was before we ever got started."
Unsure what to say, he moved in front of her and took her hands. She leaned forward and put her head on his chest. He wrapped his arms around her, offering whatever comfort he could give. He couldn't imagine what she was feeling.
Preston finally hung up. "Well, I know where they are now. They aren't far from where you were hunting the other night. They were shielding like a bitch. They're only about twenty minutes further up the mountains. I found records of a whole network of tunnels built up there. I couldn't find an entrance, and I couldn't dig up the blueprints."
"Tunnels?" Brody asked. "I've never heard of any tunnels out there."
Preston shrugged nonchalantly. "They were built during the Cold War by some mogul. Took some time, but I managed to dig up the contracts for the work. The project was huge and hushed because the underground system was supposed to become the guy's underground kingdom in case a world war erupted."
"Sounds like Malachi's style." Robert looked over at Preston. "Where is this mogul now?"
"Died two years ago. The property was sold to DMM Inc. So the Dales."
"And that didn't ping your radar?" Fallon asked.
Robert smoothed down his sweater. "Sorry, Fallon, They fell off the face of the planet for years. We haven't been watching for them. We all thought you killed Malachi."
"Perfect," Fallon muttered, pushing Brody back so she could hop down. "Look, Robert, whatever you're planning, we're going. You're going to need my help to get through their shields, and I'm the only reason we stopped their operation for as long as we did the last time."
"You're bringing Brody?" Robert asked with a raised brow.
"Yes. And you should at least call Slater and see who else he suggests. This is their town, and I know the Council doesn't like involving outside help, but we're already involved."
"She's right." Preston gave Robert a grave look. "Maybe if you had brought some backup last time, things wouldn't have played out the way they did."
"Let's not play what-if. I made sure that can't happen again. Not with the wards on your tattoos." Fallon sighed. "You can't stop Brody and me from going. I still suggest you call Slater. I know you'll have to file a report to the Silver Council, but personally, I don't care."
Robert ran a hand through his hair. "Yeah, well I kept you out of most of the last report. I would do the same now. I'll call Slater though."
Preston eyed Fallon. "Did you tell Brody what Malachi made Robert and Tremaine do last time?"
"No." She looked away from everyone and took a deep breath. "He should know, I just? I don't talk about that day."
Brody took her hand. "You don't have to talk about what happened. I don't need to know." As much as he wanted to understand, he didn't want to dredge up painful memories. Especially when she had to work with one of the men forced to hurt her. God, the whole thing was a disaster.
Robert spoke up. "Fallon, I can tell him if you can't."
"Yeah, you probably should," she said weakly. The fact she couldn't tell him, made the whole thing seem worse than he imagined.
"Tremaine was my partner before he left the Silver Council. The Dales mission was his last. He quit after that, but it doesn't matter now." Robert cleared his throat. "Tremaine and I were sent to take Malachi and the Dales down. I made the mistake of telling Fallon that they had Jess and Damon. She went off the wall, and insisted that she was going with us."
Fallon crossed her arms over her chest. "Yeah. And think back. Would you really have been able to get through their shields without me?"
"No," Robert grudgingly admitted. He turned back to Brody. "Tremaine and I both have our own talents, but neither of us could have broken those shields without her help."
"And she's the only reason you guys got out of there, alive." Preston added.
Robert nodded. "Yeah. She got us into their underground catacombs. She's the one who found where they were keeping their prisoners. Before we could free anyone, they managed to overpower us. Drug her, and take us into a dungeon."
Fallon walked away, wrapping her arms around herself. Brody hated letting her distance herself, but she needed her space.
Her voice was so quiet. "The drugs kept me from using my magic or shifting. Thankfully, I burned through whatever they gave me pretty fast or things would have been even worse."
"Malachi enthralled both Tremaine and I. Younger vampires wouldn't have been able too, but Malachi is a few thousand years old and too strong for either of us. We were too arrogant and didn't avoid eye contact like we should have. Such a stupid mistake." Robert's voice broke, and he closed his eyes. "Whatever he suggested, we had to do. He had her tied up. He made us rape her."
Robert stopped a moment as tears fell down his face, his hands clutching the edge of the counter. His eyes were haunted when he finally met Brody's gaze. "I couldn't fight the suggestion, I tried. Oh God, I tried, but I had no control. Whatever that monster commanded, I had to do."
Fallon whispered, "He couldn't stop and he hated every second. So did Tremaine, but Tremaine gave himself over to the suggestions, hoping to end it faster." She shuddered.
"Tremaine hurt you worse." Robert stared at Fallon. "I tried to fight. I only went as far as Malachi commanded. Christ, I didn't want to do any of it."
"I know, and I know Tremaine hoped his way would just make it end faster. Unfortunately, Malachi is too sick and twisted to let anything change his plans. Hell, maybe if I could have just dealt with what was done, things would have been better, but I couldn't." She twisted and tied her hair up in a knot. "The drugs were wearing off and my magic was coming back. So when Tremaine bit my shoulder and shoved himself into me, I lost all control. I couldn't think anymore, but I managed to push you away. Too hard, damn near killed you, but I got you to move before Tremaine started pounding into me. I don't even know what I did to him. I know I burned the hell out of him and the ropes before I went after Malachi."
Robert turned back to Brody. "Malachi was on fire when he flew out of the cave in broad daylight. I was sure he would die." He shook his head, pressing his palms against his eyes. "I wish I'd listened. I would have found him, would have brought the council to him and rid the world of that scum."
"Don't. Most vampires would have died, but he's old, really fucking old which makes him a lot harder to kill. That was ten years ago, Robert. I think there's a reason he hasn't come to find me sooner. He's still limping and he moves like he's still hurting. I don't think he's fully recovered. I think that's why he didn't try anything when he found us the other night."
"Let's hope he's not fully recovered." Robert said.
Fallon turned to Brody, her eyes full of tears. "I lost control of my magic and nearly killed Tremaine. I don't remember what I did or how, but I left him with third degree burns from chest to thigh, and his hands. He was a mess until we got him to the healers. I could have killed him."
Brody couldn't find words. He didn't know what to think. He was convinced Robert and Tremaine weren't at fault. Fallon had been through hell and all he wanted to do was comfort her. "Fallon," he whispered, wishing he knew what to do.
She looked up but didn't move. The shadow of doubts darkened her eyes. "After hearing that, you aren't afraid of me-of what I can do?"
"No, not of you. You protected yourself. I don't care what happens. We're going to end this today." He hoped he could keep that promise.
"I'll call Slater," Robert said.
"I'm sure he'll want to get this over with quickly." Brody replied.
"Right, I'm just going to change." Fallon turned to go up the stairs.
Brody followed her up to their room. She was already in the closet. "Why are you changing?"
"If we're going up against vampires, dark mages, and a bunch of cats, I want my leathers."
"Wouldn't they restrict your movement?"
"No, they're soft, and enchanted." She turned toward him and shrugged. "They offer more protection than the wards Gabriel did for me." She tossed him the vest and started pulling her sweats down. "See, soft?"
He ran his fingers over the leather. They were black and soft like suede. "They are." He smiled up at her as she pulled the pants up and laced them up the front. They hugged her curves like a second skin. Then she took her tank top off and he held up the vest. "What? No shirt underneath?"
She shook her head. "I have bracers, but I don't put those on until after I put the vest on."
He tossed the garment to her. The vest covered her, but there was a thin strip of flesh between her waistband and the vest, and only the very top part of her cleavage showed. She looked really fucking hot in her leather. Fallon went back to the closet and came back with the bracers. They covered her from wrist to just below her elbow. Then she pulled on a pair of combat boots.

* * * *

"Call her," Malachi whispered in his ear.
"She won't answer. She hasn't answered the last fifteen calls." Isaac's voice broke as pulled at his hair. "She hates me. She bonded with a werewolf!" He screamed until his voice broke, and his insides threatened to burst through the stitches. Fallon wanted nothing to do with him. He wanted to die.
"You can make her want you in time. When you bring her here, you can break her. Then, and only then, will she be yours." Malachi's whisper was like a bee in his ear, but Isaac couldn't swat the pest away.
Isaac was losing his ever loving mind. He could try to tame her, break her, but she would probably just kill him. At least death would set him free of his torment.
"How?" he finally whispered.
"Bring her here. Show her wolf a taste of what you're going to do to her. Then kill him in front of her. We can take care of the rest. You will finally have your way." He knew better than to believe, but Malachi gave him a seed of hope.
"Look, just over there at the rack." His gaze caught on the leather cuffs chained to the table. "Isaac, they're enchanted. Not even Fallon can break them."
"Are you sure?" A little smile spread on his face. Maybe he could have her back. The wolf would have no say. She wouldn't be able to fight.
"Of course I am. Just bring her here and you can break her in."
"How? I can barely move, she will kill me with her magic."
"With those chains, her magic won't be an issue. So drink." The tall gangly man appeared before him and offered his bleeding wrist. Isaac didn't want the blood, but before he could blink, he was flat on his back, the monster's scarred wrist pressed to his mouth and his nose plugged. He was still weak enough he couldn't fight the vampire, and he was forced to swallow the noxious liquid.

* * * *

The living room was full. Slater and all five of his enforcers milled about. Robert sat on a chair, while Preston stood in front of the fireplace detailing the plan. Hayden and Tomahawk sat on a couch. Then there was Dacia.
Fallon stood at the back of the room, trying to figure out why the hell Dacia was there in the first place. Oh right, that was Fallon's fault. She was the one who said Dacia might be useful in a fight, and then kept Dacia out of jail. She never meant bringing Dacia on a full on assault was a good idea.
It didn't help that Dacia kept staring at her. Something was off about her whole demeanor. Or maybe Fallon was paranoid. For the first time, Dacia wasn't in her designer clothes with mile high shoes. She wore a tracksuit with hiking boots, and her perfectly styled hair was in a tight bun. There wasn't a trace of makeup on her face. She just looked wrong.
She wouldn't stop watching Fallon. Every once in a while she would rub her legs like she was uncomfortable. Good. She should be nervous because Fallon wasn't playing games today. One mistake could spiral everything right into hell.
The whole room seemed crowded. There were too many people in the space. The werewolves all seemed to take up more room than was possible. There was a tension in the air. Everyone kept looking over at Dacia, and Dacia kept staring at Fallon. Hayden watched Dacia like he suspected her of murder in the first.
One more thing that bugged Fallon was that everyone besides Dacia had one of Fallon's wards. Theoretically, that should be fine because air fey were supposed to be immune to mind control in any form. There was a hole in that theory. Dacia was only half fae, and the theory had never been tested. Then again, air fae are also highly resistant to magic. So chances were Fallon's wards wouldn't work on Dacia anyway.
There was too much left to chance in Fallon's opinion, but Slater made a good case for Dacia to be there. Maybe Dacia would rise to the challenge and prove herself. She deserved the chance. Fallon just wished there was a better way for Dacia to earn their trust.
"Remember," Preston said, "Fallon and Robert will be looking for the shields. You won't want to touch the shields if you can avoid them. They can do a number of things."
"Like what?" one of the wolves asked.
Fallon spoke up. "The most mundane will just be like a clear glass wall, but that's not what these mages will use. They're more likely to be a combination of things. I'm guessing they will fry you, send an alarm to the mages who created them, and even trap you in a magical net that will hurt like a bitch. What the shield does will depend on the caster's magic. So stay behind Robert and I."
"Are you sure you can find them?" Tomahawk asked.
"Finding them won't be the hard part," Robert answered. "Disabling them may be, but we'll be able to."
"Do we all understand the plan?" Preston asked.
There wasn't much of one after they got past the shields, other than find Malachi and whoever else was helping him and take them down. Once the big players were out of the way, the rest of the Silver Council would come in and clear them out.
Everyone seemed to understand. They started for the door.
Fallon still had an uneasy feeling about Dacia, especially when she walked over to Fallon. "I know you don't trust me, but I hope to change that."
Well, wasn't that cryptic? Fallon forced a smile. "Me too."
Dacia's eyes widened. "At least you're honest, but I deserve that." She turned and walked out the door.
"You trust her?" Fallon asked Brody who stepped up beside her.
"She wasn't lying," he said with a shrug. "Slater seems to think bringing her was a safe decision."
Fallon smirked. "I'll take that as a no."
Chapter 19


It was almost noon by the time they parked on a logging road twenty miles away and further up into the mountains. Something wasn't right. The hairs at the back of Brody's neck stood on end.
Fallon and Robert led everyone through the forest. They both held their palms up in front of them. Little balls of light formed in their hands. Fallon's were white, while Robert's were tinged red. They flung them out in different directions.
Preston paused for the third time, closing his eyes as he took in a deep breath. "This way." He nodded slightly to the right.
Clint frowned. "What the hell are you doing?"
Preston rolled his eyes to Clint. "Tracking magical energy. They're smart enough to cover their scent but it's nearly impossible to hide this many Other's residual energy."
"Wait," Fallon called out.
Brody looked up to find several balls of light caught in thin air a dozen feet away.
Everyone stopped to stare.
Fallon smirked over at Preston. "Thought you said they were shielding hard?" She cupped her hands together and blew into them. Her hands spread out as colorful energy filled the space, forming a writhing ball of electricity.
"Wait, Robert," she ordered, before pushing her hands outward, sending the spell at the shields. Just before the spell hit, she squeezed her eyes shut and threw her arm over her face.
Brody squinted as the dome lit up in crimson light. Cracks fissured out from the impact, spreading until the dome came down in shards that disintegrated as they fell.
"Show off," Preston muttered. Fallon shot him a dirty look
"It may not be the only one." Robert said. "We need to tread carefully. We don't know who or what they have waiting for us."
"Yeah," Hayden said. "I know Others have been disappearing all over Washington the last few months. Things could get ugly."
Fallon pushed forward, sending out the same balls of light.
A roar vibrated through Brody's skull, something big and definitely feline. Then a series of roars echoed the first.
Slater tossed Fallon his keys. "Shift, now,"the alpha called. Brody hurried out of his clothes and shifted with the rest of the wolves, all of them took their half-man forms, completing the change in seconds.
Brody could hear the buzz of raw electricity and glanced over to see Fallon weaving a net of lightning between her hands. The mages had orbs of fire growing in their palms. The whole scene was surreal.
He watched the row of werecats prowl through the forest, all different species and in full beast form. There was a lion, several panthers, leopards, a couple cougars and even a few lynx. He was disappointed when he didn't see the weretiger.
A large lion broke rank and charged Fallon. She shook her head, and flung her hands out, sending the electrical netting at the beast. The spell wrapped around him with enough force to send him rolling head over ass. The blue arcs of energy tightened over the lion's body, making him writhe and his fur sizzle.
"Don't get up, Damon. Save yourself the trouble," she snarled and crouched down low as she pulled a glowing sword from her back.
Preston pulled his blade out and frowned at Fallon. "Why is yours bigger?" He held his up and raised a brow at her.
She winked back. "That's what he said."
Robert whipped up two fireballs. "Really, children. Focus."
Hayden smirked as he pulled his glowing battle-axe from thin air.
Tom rolled his eyes and pulled out the two tomahawks that were hooked to his belt. "That big thing is just going to slow you down, Sheriff."
"And you have no reach with those bitty things." Hayden laughed.
"Whatever, boys." Dacia pulled her own dagger out.
"That one cursed like the last?" Fallon asked quietly.
"Enchanted, cursed, whatever, but yes." Dacia kept her eyes on the cat that prowled her way.
Brody counted twelve cats, including the one Fallon put down. He was free now and moving toward her. Stupid cat was making an awful racket like he was dying but his pain didn't stop him from charging. Before Fallon could throw another spell, Brody sprang in front of her and took the beast down with a growl. Brody had his clawed hand clamped over the lion's throat. "How does this end, Fallon?"
"Dumbass didn't stay down. He's enthralled. Just kill him." There was no emotion in her voice.
Brody pushed his claws into Damon's throat and tore him open. He didn't think this cat was strong enough to heal the damage before he bled out.
The sounds of roars and howls echoed around him. The clang of blades against bone. Then he caught the scent of the tiger who tried to abduct Fallon. He turned and saw the half-man shape, with his black fur and gray stripes. There was a jagged scar across his abdomen. The bastard lunged toward Fallon, but she was busy with another cat. Brody launched himself at Isaac.
"Watch out!" Fallon yelled. He felt the prick in his chest and then his legs gave out as he went down. He saw Fallon charge past him, her sword swinging as the world faded away.

* * * *

Fallon heard the dart whistle past her face, and looked up to see the streak of indigo feathers heading right for Brody, but not fast enough to stop the damned thing. The dart caught Brody in the chest, and he fell. He was between her and Isaac. She swung the sword, beheading the cat who was toying with her, and turned to run at Isaac.
She leapt over Brody and threw her hand out, pushing all the energy she could summon at Isaac. He stumbled to his knees, and she slashed her blade across his chest, leaving a fresh flesh wound.
"You're mine. You can't be a dog's bitch," Isaac snarled.
"I was never yours." She swung her blade out, but Isaac ducked low and shot up just after the sword passed over his head. He tackled her to the ground, and tried to throw the blade away, but it disappeared in a flash of light to meld back into her skin.
He wrapped his hand around her jaw and turned her head to growl in her ear, "Malachi wants your talent but he's promised me your body."
"You can't have me," she shouted, glancing at Brody. There was a lynx running for Brody. Dacia caught the cat around the chest. She threw him to the ground and leapt on top of him to slash open his throat before repeatedly stabbing the cat.
She could hear fighting but couldn't see anyone else from where she was. She didn't hear the mages. Shit was about to go downhill and fast. Isaac was powerful in his human form, but he was ridiculously strong as the beast.
"You can't make me love you," Fallon told him, and pushed at Isaac's shoulders. He laughed coldly, running his hand up her side. The bastard could infect her if he scratched her in his beast form, but she wouldn't allow that to happen. She reached for a blade, and he pinned her hand down.
"No. But I can make you wish you did." He licked up her throat. She hated the scratch of the cat's tongue, the brush of his fur against her skin, and those sharp teeth.
"You dislocated my leg last time," she snarled, and got an arm free to punch him in his kidney. He grunted and pinned her wrist down with a knee. "You pull anything in that form and you'll break me beyond use."
"I'll be careful not to break anything, but I want you in pain. I have to wait though. I promised Malachi he could watch right along with your pathetic mutt."
"Are you really that fucking stupid?" she screamed, but she could barely move. "Malachi will never let you keep me. He'll kill you if I don't do it first. I'll never be yours."
"Oh, but you won't have a choice. I'll take what I can get at this point."
"Go to hell." She closed her eyes and pulled all the energy she could feel into her, focusing the power into lightning that she channeled into him.
Isaac grunted, and moved up enough to get his hands around her throat even his muscles twitched and jerked, but he held on. She clawed at his eyes, but he sat up and moved his face out of her reach while he strangled her into unconsciousness. She felt the dart in her side and the drug sweeping through her body. No, no, no, she screamed in her head as she faded.

* * * *

The cougar charged Dacia as she stepped away from the mutilated Lynx. As bloodthirsty as her father was, he'd be proud of the way she was fighting today. Dacia faded into the wind as the cougar went past her and reappeared on his back, cutting his throat out before he could get his bearings. That was three cats she had already destroyed, and most of the first twelve were down, but there were even more prowling through the woods.
Everything was going to hell. Dacia knew she couldn't turn the tide in this battle. Brody was down and Fallon went down protecting Brody. Hating Fallon was harder than Dacia wanted to admit. The druid stepped up and taught them all how to fight, not to mention the way she protected Brody.
Slater was the last wolf to fall. Tomahawk kept trying to get back up even though he had a branch through his shoulder. Then there was Hayden who was still fighting, but he had four werecats trying to rip him open.
There was only one possible solution and it was risky. She knew no one trusted her, and after the way she acted the last week, she really couldn't blame anyone but herself for that. She just hoped she could redeem herself with this act.
Dacia faded into the wind, letting her molecules disperse so she could watch the scene play out where no one would find her. She had no form this way, but she could see and hear everything. Now she just had to wait and watch where they took everyone, and come up with some brilliant solution to get everyone free.
Her attention went to Hayden and she was sorely tempted to help him. He moved with such powerful grace, swinging that huge axe. He cleaved the head clean off of one of the werelions and then took the leg off a leopard. His shirt was shredded and she could see his bronzed skin and rippling muscle covered in blood. He was a sight to behold
Watching him battle stirred something inside her. The man was everything she craved.
Her father ruined her opinion of all fae men. She was convinced they were all the same egotistical, uncaring assholes.
Hayden was suspicious as hell, but he was a good man. He took care of his friends. The more she thought about him, the she realized he would be a good match.
The pixies shot him full of darts and she watched as he fell. Her instinct screamed at her to rush in to his aid. She held herself in place, knowing that she needed to stay invisible, follow, and figure out a way to free them all. She hoped she could.
Maybe then Brody would forgive her, and Hayden would stop being so suspicious. She may be impulsive but she wasn't evil. Edenton was her home. She wouldn't let some assholes come in and destroy that.
The weretiger had to be Fallon's ex. He picked her up and carried her away, whispering all the filthy things he wanted to do to her. What that piece of shit detailed infuriated Dacia. She needed to stop him before he got his claws into Fallon.
For now she stayed near the druid.
The living cats that were in relatively decent shape shifted back to gather up the rest of her people. They headed deeper into the woods as a group. Dacia was starting to wonder what the hell was going on, until they came to what looked like some kind of underground cellar entrance.
One of the injured cats pulled the doors open, and she floated above them as they went deeper into the tunnel. The rock walls gave way to what looked like catacombs. The halls were dug right into the rock with strange lamps holding eerie flames, lining the walls. Every so often, there were sturdy metal doors.
It looked like some kind of dungeon. What the hell were these tunnels doing in Washington?
Tom, Hayden, and four of the enforcers were dragged through an open heavy metal door with a small window. She followed and found cells lining the walls. Clint, Simons, Mark and Brian were dragged into the first cell lined in silver bars, and dumped unceremoniously to the floor. The cats walked out and locked the door.
Hayden and Tomahawk were taken to the cell across from them. They laid Tomahawk on a cot but didn't bother to bind him in anyway. They probably figured with the branch in his shoulder, he wasn't going anywhere.
They took more care with Hayden, propping his big body on a cot. One of the cats put ancient looking manacles around his wrists and ankles. As soon as they were locked, they started glowing with eerie red etching. She wasn't sure, but the symbols looked like some kind of fae writing, but she had never learned to read any of the fae languages.
Now that she knew where half of her group was, she flew passed them to catch up with the rest of her people. They carried Fallon, Brody, Slater and the mages into another room lined with black candles, with a strange table in the middle and piles of chains against the wall. Most of the cats stayed, so she went back to see what she could do for Tomahawk.
Her father taught her enough about fae toxins that she knew most of them would be asleep for at least a few hours. Werewolves have ridiculously high metabolism and the more powerful they were, the faster they would burn off the effects. Some shaman were resistant to toxins, but she wasn't sure if that went for fae ones. She bet Hayden would be the first one to wake up. Earth fae naturally burned through all toxins quickly.
No one stayed to guard them, so she took her shape inside Tomahawk's cell. She could feel the wards in the walls, and she knew she didn't want to trip any alarms, so she had to be careful.
She cut away Tom's shirt and tore the fabric into strips. Then she managed to pull the branch free. Thankfully, the shaft was straight and narrow, so she was able to pack the wound and tie the rest of the strips into a makeshift bandage. She couldn't risk using her magic to heal Tom, so she left him and moved on to Hayden. Then she would do what she could for the wolves.

* * * *

The drip, drip, drip of water pounded in his head. Hayden was slumped to the side on a lumpy cot. He opened his eyes and found himself in what looked like a stone cell. The door had iron bars which wasn't a problem for Hayden but would be for Dacia. He slowly sat up and looked around.
Tomahawk lay on the other cot, pale and sweaty. His t-shirt was torn into strips and wound around his shoulder like a bandage.
Hayden tried to stand and didn't get very far. Looking down, he saw his hands and feet shackled with enchanted irons. Iron wasn't the issue, but the enchantments were. Knowing better, he tried to pull the chains apart, but they held.
He felt like he was being watched, but Tom was passed out on the next cot. The wolves were all asleep in the other cell. There was no one there, no one he could see. He tried to at least pull the chains from the wall, but he couldn't do that either. He did feel the strain of a bandage against a slice in his ribs.
Someone had torn his shirt into strips to bandage him. If the Dales had treated them, they would have used real bandages. So someone was helping them who shouldn't be there.
"Dacia? Are you here?" he whispered harshly. She was fighting, and then just disappeared during the battle. He thought she had switched sides. Was she helping? That was out of character.
He took another look at the wolves, and they were bandaged as well. What in the abyss was that woman trying to do? Get herself caught? He hoped she had some kind of plan, because he couldn't see a way out of the mess from his end.
Chapter 20


Fallon, where was Fallon?
Brody woke with a start and jerked against the chains. His skin burned everywhere the chains touched, but that all faded into the background when he saw Fallon across the room. He saw red. She was nude except for the thick leather collar around her throat, and the bands around her wrists, upper arms, thighs and ankles that held her legs open at the end of some kind of table.
She wasn't awake, wasn't hurt, but she was drugged. The stench of chemicals burned his nose from across the room. Brody turned his head to take in the surroundings. Robert and Preston were chained to his right. Slater was to his left. The mages looked as if they were mummified with chains instead of linen, and they were still out cold. Slater moaned and his head rolled to the side but he wasn't awake yet.
They were still naked, which was the penalty of shifting. No wonder the chains burned. And the silver would keep him from changing forms. He couldn't leave her there like that. Maybe the mages could do something. God, he hoped so.
Brody could sense the enforcers nearby but he couldn't tell where. His senses were all jumbled. Normally he could sense exactly where they were within a mile or so.
The room was dark except for the candles. Fallon appeared to be unharmed, only stripped and bound. Maybe Malachi was waiting for a captive audience. Considering what he did in the past, that seemed likely. He needed to get her out of there and now. Except struggling only hurt him worse, and the chains were too thick to break.
"Brody, don't fight. Not yet," Slater rumbled, still groggy from the drugs. "There were pixies in the woods. Couldn't sense them, couldn't smell them."
"The darts?" Brody asked, glancing back at Slater, who was still bleeding from the claw marks lining his ribs and arms. Once they lost the chains those would heal in a matter of minutes.
"Yeah," Robert croaked. "There were pixies in the woods. It was an ambush. They waited until we were in the middle of battle to shoot those darts." He nodded to Fallon but didn't look. "Is she all right?"
"So far, but I swear to God, I am going to kill whoever tries to touch her," Brody growled.
Preston groaned and looked his way. "Bastard strangled her before the fucking pixie shot her with the dart. Isaac didn't try anything yet, at least not that I saw, but I was hit with a dart before I could get to her. Preston shook his head. "We need to come up with a plan. She has that drug in her system and won't burn it out of her bloodstream for hours."
"What?" Brody renewed his struggle to get free. "Then why are you awake and she's not?"
"Robert and I have built a resistance to the toxin. Remember, we're Council Enforcers and the pixie darts aren't a new tactic."
Slater snapped at him, "Chill out, Brody. We need to figure this out. We're not going to let them hurt her if we can stop them."
"Fuck," Brody growled. He was so pissed he couldn't think straight.
"We have worse problems," Preston said quietly. "That tramp Dacia disappeared after protecting you. Just fucking disappeared."
"She didn't show back up?" Slater growled.
"Afraid not. At least not that I saw. I can't sense shit with these chains. These chains are fae crafted and enchanted. I can't even sense others and I can't break the spells."
"I'm not giving up," Robert muttered as he struggled himself. At least Brody wasn't the only one.
"May as well stop struggling." Malachi's voice was cold as ice as he strolled into the room. Brody didn't look into his eyes but looked in his direction, figuring he shouldn't tempt fate. The vampire was grotesquely tall and emaciated. His bald head was shiny, his eyes dark, and his blood red mouth was a thin line. "I doubt anyone in this room has the ability to break those chains."
"Let her go," Brody snarled. "Let her fucking go."
"Oh, no. Now you don't understand." The vampire's smile was evil. "I want her to ward the fighters so they don't die as easily. Finding new combatants to replace the dead is so exhausting. She won't ward them, won't do a damn thing for me. Now that I have you, I might be able to convince her do as I wish. I can harm you every time she tries to refuse. Maybe let Isaac play with her until she's willing to cooperate."
"Why should she do a damned thing for you?" Brody demanded.
"She finally winds up binding, and to a werewolf." The vampire laughed coldly. "Maybe I should have started with wolves, but solitary cats are so much easier than werewolves and their pack bullshit."
Slater calmly answered, "Cat's don't form bonds."
"Oh, cats form bonds. Just ask Isaac. Fallon's just too stubborn to form a real bond. If anyone can find a way out of one, that woman will." Malachi looked toward the door. "Oh look, just the cat I was waiting for."
The weretiger stalked in. He was big, and his dark hair fell past his shoulders. His eyes were an unusual shade of gray-green. Black leather pants stretched over his muscular thighs. A long raw scar started just under his ribs and slashed into his pants. There was a newer, freshly stitched wound across his chest.
Isaac had tattoos that were obviously Fallon's work. He wasn't enthralled. He was doing this of his own free choice. Brody wanted to gut and strangle him with his own intestines.
"She's mine." Isaac grinned, raising a challenging brow at him.
Brody growled and strained to get free. "No, she's not."
The tiger prowled toward Fallon, his eyes falling on her body. He purred as he laid his hands on her open thighs. Fallon didn't even stir as the piece of shit squeezed hard enough to bruise her skin.
"Don't fucking touch her," he snarled.
"Oh, I'll do plenty of touching. I know just what she likes and how far I can push her before she gets pissed off. But with these?" He ran his fingers over the leather restraints and met Brody's gaze. "Now she can't stop me."
Brody howled. He felt blood drip down his skin as the silver cut into chest and arms.
Slater growled, "Brody, listen to me. Calm the fuck down, right now. You're not going to help her by tearing yourself to pieces. Look at me."
Compelled, Brody turned his head. His breath shot out in heavy pants, but his body froze as he glared at the alpha. "What?"
"Think this through," Slater said, like Brody could think clearly about anything.
He heard a slap, and his head flew around to find a red handprint on Fallon's thigh. Isaac ran his hands up and down her bare body. Then he stopped to pull her nipple rings hard.
"She's out cold," Robert said mildly. "She's too far under to feel anything. Trust me. If she were awake, he'd already be in a world of hurt."
Except she wasn't awake, and she couldn't fight, and he couldn't do a damned thing to stop Isaac. He forced himself to calm down and try to figure something, anything, out because he couldn't watch the bastard molest her when she was helpless.
"She was always so responsive." Isaac glared at Malachi. "I need her to be responsive."
"I'm afraid you'll have to make do. I have no antidote for the pixies toxin." Malachi rolled his eyes and looked toward Brody.
Robert was right, Fallon was out cold. Brody knew she would fight if she were awake. Then Isaac covered her sex with his hand. The only thing Brody could think of was ripping that weretiger's head off and shoving it up the vampire's ass.
"Brody," Slater whispered urgently. "She commanded you to calm down the other day. That goes both ways, command her to wake up."
"What?" Robert whispered.
"I want her wet," Isaac whined at the vampire as he rubbed his palm against her.
Brody hoped like hell Slater was right, and that such a command would break whatever hold the drug had. "Fallon!" he screamed and her head turned toward him, but her eyes were closed until he yelled. "Wake up!"

* * * *

Brody's voice brought her out of the haze. "Fallon!"
She tried to turn toward him.
"Wake up!" he screamed. She did, through an ocean of fog. He was chained to the wall, blood streaked down his naked body. He looked wicked pissed and she couldn't move. "Fight," Brody panted. "Fight him!"
Feeling started to come back to her. Something moved roughly against her, and she tried to move away but couldn't. She looked down her body to find Isaac trying to work her with his hand. She was chained down and collared with thick leather.
"Stop, Isaac!" she yelled, but it came out more of a whimper because she was cutting off half her oxygen by pulling at the restraints.
His smile chilled her to the bone. "You always liked rough sex. Now I can go as hard as I want." Isaac pulled his hand away to open his pants.
She was going to kill him. No matter what else she did, Isaac was going to die.
Brody breathed hard but didn't say a word. She couldn't imagine what was going through his head.
"Fallon, you can't win." Malachi laughed maniacally. "You know you're outmatched."
"Fuck that." She felt Isaac nudging at her entrance, his beast's energy washed over her. He was going to change. Oh, hell no.
Her anger exploded into pure energy that pulsed into Isaac that sent him flying into the wall a good twenty feet away from her. "You won't touch me again, Isaac. I will fucking kill you."
"I'll touch you all I want. And you'll learn to love being my toy. I'll break you Fallon, I swear," he hissed back but he wasn't moving. Blood trickled down his mouth and he coughed before his body slumped to the side. She hoped he was dead.
Someone caught her throat in his hand. She looked up into Malachi's pitch black eyes.
He hissed, "You shouldn't have been able to do that." He bared his fangs as he twisted her head to the side.

* * * *

Brody watched in horror as Malachi grabbed Fallon by the throat and bent to bite her. Everything happened in a single second.
First the adder tattooed around her left ankle began to move, slithering up her leg in a blur. Then there was a flash of brilliant light, and Brody had to look away. When he looked back the vampire was on the floor, clutching his smoking face.
Fallon was gone. There was just an adder in her place. The snake slithered off the table and streaked across the room behind a trunk. Did she shift?
He'd heard of mated werewolves calming, and even sometimes commanding the other to do the impossible. But that was only supposed to work between two werewolves. Or so he thought, but she did everything he told her, and he could still smell the chemical on her. At least Slater was right.
A terrible screech filled the room. Brody looked up to find the vampire rolling around on the floor like he was trying to put a fire out.
He didn't see Fallon and he needed to know she was okay.
Seconds ticked by, almost a full minute until Fallon appeared next to the trunk, crouched low, and ready to fight with both her six inch blades in her hands. Her hair was a tangled mess, her muscles were flexed and ready, and her eyes glittered with fire.
Everything went silent, and Brody looked up just in time to see Malachi streaking toward him. Then there was a flash of blade from Fallon's direction. Her dagger cut right into Malachi's chest with a crunch as the dagger passed through ribs. A blood curdling scream threatened to shatter his eardrums as Malachi landed in a writhing heap in front of Brody.
Malachi was only down a second before he sprang to his feet. Fallon leapt at him, and tackled him to the ground as she slammed the second blade right through his eye.
"You won't touch my mate. You won't touch me. You won't touch anyone ever again." Her voice was so cold, so deadly.
Every instinct Brody possessed screamed at him to get free, but the silver chains prevented that.
The vampire wasn't giving up though. He rolled Fallon over, straddling her. Brody saw the flash of his elongated fangs angling for her throat. Fallon yanked the blade out of his chest and slashed his throat. Malachi caught her arm and pinned her wrist down.
The vampire threw his head back and roared. Smoke wisped out of his eye socket. He reached up to pull the blade out, but Fallon got there first. She slammed it right into Malachi's heart and started chanting. Robert and Preston both joined in.
Malachi was still sitting on Fallon's chest as he went up in flames. Oh God, the flames.
Brody cried out. "Fallon!" But the fire didn't seem to touch her. He sure as hell felt the heat, and Slater, who was closer winced as he tried to move away. She was fine, not even sweating with a blazing vampire on top of her.
Dacia appeared before him and threw the vampire across the room, throwing up her own shield. To keep him back? He hoped the shield held worked because it felt weak compared to Fallon's.
Fallon just laid there, stunned, as she stared up at Brody with wide terrified eyes. "Oh Brody, I?" She scrambled to her feet, covered in blood, and looked over the chains. "I could have roasted you alive. I didn't think? I-"
"Shh, sugar, don't. You're okay, we're okay," he promised, and he meant every word.
Her eyes quickly moved around the room. She winced, and he looked too. She hadn't burned any of them. Malachi lie on the other side of the room and wasn't moving. Isaac was still out cold.
Dacia hesitantly reached out to touch Fallon's shoulder. "Are you okay?"
Fallon turned toward the other woman, and nodded. She was trembling though, and there were shadows in her eyes. Christ, she wasn't okay. But after all of that, who the hell would be?
"Where did you come from?" Fallon asked.
Dacia dropped her eyes to the ground. "I was hiding, waiting for a chance to get you all out of here."
Fallon took another look at the vampire, and whispered a word. Both blades disappeared in a flash of light. She turned back to Brody, tears in her eyes. "Let's figure out how to get them out of the chains."
Dacia held up her hand and whispered something in a language he'd never heard before. Malachi disappeared and a black orb the size of a golf ball formed in her hand.
Fallon turned to Dacia with fury blazing in her eyes. "What the fuck are you doing?"
She took a step back and held up the sphere. "I put him in a soul prison. He can't get out. He's old. The fire may or may not have killed him. I'll give Malachi to the Council once we free everyone."
"You should have just killed him," Brody snarled.
She nodded. "Yeah, but I'm not as good as Fallon. I'd rather imprison him, than let him kill me when I get too close."
"Good point." Fallon took a shaky breath and turned back to Brody. "Let's figure out the chains." She brushed her fingertips over his raw skin. "I'll get you out of these, baby." She searched the binds with her eyes and hands. "Robert, is there a lock I'm not seeing?"
"No, they're fae enchanted," the mage answered. "I don't have a clue."
Dacia stepped closer to Slater and held up her dagger. "I think this might work. Do you trust me?"
Slater snorted. "Just be careful."
She nodded, and started to cut through a chain. When she burned through a link, she turned to Fallon. "I think your blades should work. The magic on yours are a hell of a lot stronger than this."
"Hold still, Brody," she told him, and pulled out one of her blades. She quickly sliced through each one. As soon as his arms were free, he pulled her into his embrace. He didn't know what to say, he was just glad she was all right.
She stepped back and avoided his eyes as she went back to work on the chains.
When he looked over, he found Slater halfway free, sagging against the wall, dragging in ragged breaths. Dacia made quick work of the chains but Fallon finished with Brody's first and moved to Robert.
Brody leaned heavily against the wall. The cuts from the chains only burned worse as his adrenaline faded.
"You okay, Fallon?" Robert asked her softly.
She just nodded, not looking at him either. Brody wanted to help her but knew he couldn't use her blades. Dacia had finished with Slater who slumped to the floor, and moved on to Preston.
"How bad are you hurt?" Brody asked Slater.
"Just scratched up," he muttered, but Brody could see his scratches healing now that he was free. There were red welts from where the chains had touched his skin, but that was the worst of the alpha's damage.
Brody ran a hand over his chest and felt the where his skin was torn and raw. He hurt everywhere, but not as much as his heart ached for Fallon.
He heard Fallon sniffle. When he looked up he saw her run the back of her hand over her face. "Sorry," she muttered and went back to work on the last of Robert's chains. Once the mage was free, Brody pulled her close.
"Hey, look at me, Fallon." Brody said, and she did, but her eyes were wet and her lips trembled. He smiled back at her. "Baby, you fought, you won. Are you okay? Are you hurt?" She shook her head and he cradled her against his chest where she melted into him.
"I suppose I owe you an apology," Preston muttered. When he looked up he realized the mage was talking to Dacia as she cut the last chain free.
"For what?" she asked snidely.
"Assuming you ditched us."
"I probably deserved worse. It couldn't have looked good."
Fallon shook her head but didn't move away from Brody's embrace. "Slater, do you have any idea where the others are?"
"Not far."
Dacia answered, "They aren't. Just down the hall. When I was sure we couldn't beat them, I took to the wind to find another way. Tomahawk is in bad shape, but everyone else is probably pretty close to okay by now. I did what I could for them."
"Then we should get going," Slater said.
Dacia turned to the trunk and pulled Fallon's leathers out. "You might want these." She tossed them and a towel to Fallon. "Your cat is recovering from the jolt you gave him."
Gritting her teeth, she wiped off the blood and shot Isaac a deadly look. "He's not my fucking cat." She pulled her leathers on.
Brody was surprised to see Dacia retrieve a canvas bag from the same trunk in the corner. "Here. I think I gathered all the wolves clothes. You've all been out for hours." She tossed the bag to Slater. "I wanted to intervene sooner, but I had to wait for an opening that wouldn't make the situation worse."
Brody and Slater dressed quickly.
Dacia turned to Fallon. "You really aren't burned?"
"No, I was shielding myself from the fire, but I don't think I could have shielded them." She shifted her gaze to Brody. "I'm still groggy. I don't know how I managed any of that."
Brody smiled a little. "You woke up, and then fought when I told you to. You saved my ass again."

* * * *

Fallon did as he asked. Hell, she could heal silver damage on him. A smile curved her lips. They were meant to be together. She slid her hands under his shirt, over the raw bloody welts where he fought against the silver chains, and sang softly.
"Don't." He covered her hands, his lids dropping low. "Save your strength. I'll be fine." She jerked her hands free and fixed him with a glare before continuing on. The welts faded, and she felt most of the tension leave his muscles.
Winding his arms around her, he growled into her hair, "Stubborn woman."
She felt a thousand times better in his embrace.
"Don't try to argue with her. You could have given yourself silver poisoning with the way you tore yourself up." Slater muttered.
Preston snorted. "Brody's right though, Fallon. You need to conserve some energy because we aren't done yet."
"I know." She stepped away from her man, crossing her arms over her chest, but her hands were still trembling. "We need us all operational and I still have the drug in my system." She looked up at Brody. Goddess, if he hadn't been able to wake her?
Isaac came to with a vengeance. "You fucking bastard," he screamed and slammed right into Dacia's shield. A pulse of energy knocked him back. "She's mine."
"No." Fallon spun around, the air around her charging. She could hear the crackle of electricity dancing at her fingertips. "I was never yours."
She touched the shield and it fell like a shattered sheet of glittering glass. Isaac leapt up, and barreled toward her. He grabbed her arms, but Fallon placed both hands on his chest and pushed her power into him. He stumbled back, convulsing as he fell. She landed on his chest, never stopping the flow of energy.
"How dare you claim to love me after what you tried to do. You're a fucking piece of shit," she snarled.
"You. Are. My. Mate. Mine!" Isaac managed to throw his arms up, shoving her arms away and breaking her spell. He rolled her over, and her head slammed into the ground as he covered her with his body. She felt his beast rise as he started the change.
Before she could get her bearings, Isaac was thrown from her and she watched as Brody leapt past her. She rolled to her side at the sound of Brody's howl and Isaac's answering roar.
Brody sat on Isaac's chest, beating the shit out of him. Blood flew, bones crunched, until Isaac went limp. Brody ripped Isaac's throat out with a growl and threw his trachea across the room.
"Here." Dacia threw her dagger and Brody caught it hilt first. He decapitated the weretiger before stumbling back.
Fallon sat up slowly, holding her pounding head. "Thank you," she whispered to Brody and hoped he understood she meant for everything.
Brody picked her up, and gently set her on her feet. He gently touched the back of her head and she jerked away from the sting. "You've got a knot.
She nodded and saw tracers, but ignored the pain. They didn't have time to worry about her head. "We need to get the others. I can sense Shadowstalkers and a shitload of Others, all different kinds."
Robert nodded. "We need to get you guys out of here before calling the Council to clean up."
Dacia hurried out, and everyone followed her into the stone corridor.
Fallon could feel the shadows coming. "Duck," she whispered. They did, and she took a deep breath to pull in the dark energy. Nausea rolled through her, but she flung her arms out and channeled the magic into a wave directed at the vampires.
Three Shadowstalkers materialized, their shadows fading as they stumbled back.
Robert and Preston took over. They stood and threw their hands up, and fire streamed from their palms. All three vampires disintegrated into ash before they could get back to their feet.
"This way." Dacia said. She led them down the hall and opened a door into a corridor that seemed to go on forever.
There were cells lining the walls for as far as Fallon could see. The first one had shiny silver bars and the wolves were huddled in the middle of the cell, still naked. The one across from them held Hayden and Tomahawk, and the bars were dull but she could feel the pulse of wards. Tomahawk was in bad shape, his skin was ashen, and his bloodied shirt was wrapped around his shoulder in strips. Hayden sat on a cot, his wrists shackled in front of him, and he looked pissed.
"Thank God you're here," one of the wolves said.
"We'll get you out, just be quiet," Slater whispered.
"I can close Tom's wounds." Fallon leaned against the wall, she was close to exhaustion. "But it won't be pretty."
Dacia gave her wide eyes. "After what you did for Brody, you can't fix Tom all the way?"
She shrugged. "I don't know why I can heal Brody like that. Ask Rob, I suck at healing."
Robert chuckled. "Because you're mated to him. You can fix damn near anything for him."
"Right," Dacia said. "Well I can heal Tom well enough to get him out of here without wiping myself out." She easily picked the lock. Preston used a spell to open the other door. "Tom?" Dacia moved to his side.
"Thought you bailed on us." He groaned.
"I'm here aren't I?" She peeled the impromptu bandage out of the way and placed her hands on him. In matter of seconds she closed the hole in his shoulder.
Tom's eyes rolled into his head as he sighed in relief. "That feels about a million times better. But when the hell did you start healing?"
Dacia sighed. "Most fae can do some form of healing. I'm sure Hayden would have been able to do the same if he weren't shackled with enchantments."
Slater tossed the canvas bag at the wolves. "Dacia brought your clothes. Get dressed so we can get out of here." The wolves did, but Fallon turned her attention to the sheriff who looked awfully ticked.
"Got something for these?" Hayden raised his wrists holding the shackles out to Dacia. "They're warded."
"Sure, if you promise not to take this blade away." Dacia smirked. "The enchantment will cut through the wards and the metal."
Hayden's eyes narrowed but he nodded as he held his wrists out. She freed him quickly.
"We need to get moving," Dacia said, "There's not much time until dark, and there are a lot of vampires underground."
"She's right," Fallon added. "Sooner we're out, the safer we are." She looked toward Dacia. "You know the way?"
"Yeah, let's go." Dacia nodded. She led them through the labyrinth of dark dank corridors.
As the adrenaline faded, Fallon felt her exhaustion setting in and specks of black winking through her vision. She couldn't keep walking. "Brody, I need help."
He scooped her up. "I've got you."
A few minutes later they started the ascent and the smooth stone corridor gave way to rough rocky tunnel. Then they came to a trap door that Hayden and Dacia threw open.
Preston took the lead, weaving through the forest to the vehicles.
Being in Brody's arms gave Fallon a dose of strength. Just in time, too. The hair at the back of her neck stood up. She could feel the hum of a powerful shield.
"Stop." Fallon hissed, maneuvering out of Brody's hold. She held up her hands, closing her eyes as she pushed energy into a dozen tiny balls of light and then flung them toward the pulsing shield she could sense. The lights pinged against the shield, getting caught. This one was much stronger than the first and only big enough to keep them from the trucks.
"Robert, Preston, it's a trap. Their dark mages are probably on the way." she whispered.
"Yeah, on it," Robert answered. They went to work on the shields around the cars. Dark mages were about the last things she wanted to deal with. They would keep Malachi's games going if they could.
She couldn't find a weakness in the shield, and the mages weren't getting anywhere either.
Dacia warned. "They're coming."
"No shit," Fallon answered, she spun around with her eyes closed, feeling for what was coming. She threw a spell in the direction of the dark energy, catching and freezing them in place with their ridiculous black hoods.
Robert disappeared and popped up right behind them. He touched their shoulders, and she knew he cast a sleeping spell. Both mages fell forward.
"Either one of them cast the shield?" Fallon asked Preston.
"Wrong signature. Several mages did this one. I only recognize the feel of one of them, but that doesn't mean much."
"Please tell me we're only dealing with dark mages." She hoped like hell the liche Malachi worked with before was still out of the picture. Demarco was the one who first approached her twenty years ago, and he scared the fuck out of Fallon.
Last she heard he was somewhere in Romania communing with the dead, but that was eight years ago. He was a sicker fuck than Malachi, but he preferred to work behind the scenes.
"Only Dark Mages," Preston frowned. "Who were you thinking?"
"DeMarco."
"Not a chance." Preston assured her. "He hasn't been back to the states since you sent the Dales packing last time. We've been keeping tabs on his demented ass."
There was a pop but Robert wasn't the one who translocated to her side.
Another mage, in a black cloak and hood appeared before Dacia. He wrapped his hand around her throat as he picked her up and reached for her pocket. Before Fallon could move to aid her, Dacia kicked the mage in the nuts, and he dropped her as he crumbled to the ground. Dacia stabbed the mage through the heart.
Fallon heard the chanting of other mages, and threw up the strongest shield she could. She grabbed Brody's arm before he could charge off in the direction of the dark mages.

* * * *

This time when Fallon shielded, Brody saw a myriad of color flare around the group and he couldn't see a damned thing beyond the brilliant dome. He couldn't even feel the breeze through her shield. It was so much stronger than the ones before.
Dacia and Hayden jumped back in surprise.
Preston turned to gape at her. "I thought you were drained."
"Not anymore," she answered confidently. "We may not be able to break through his but he can't break through mine either." Her eyes swept over the group of them. "Don't touch my shield because the jolt will hurt like a bitch."
Tomahawk just stared at her with wide eyes. "You sure are full of surprises."
Brody was too stunned for words. He watched as she turned to Preston with urgency.
"Do you know how many were out there? I was too busy shutting out their spells to pay attention."
"Only three," Preston said. "They're powerful, but we can take them."
"Are you sure?" Robert asked.
"It's that, or you can call the council." Fallon sighed. "You think they're going to like finding us behind my shield? I'm guessing no." She turned to Preston. "Are they all in the same direction?"
"Yeah."
"Can we do anything?" Brody asked.
She nodded. "Keep an eye out for anything else. We'll have to deal with the mages, but the vampires should be out soon. It's almost dark, and some of them are probably stupid enough to try shit anyway."
"I hope you know what you're doing," Robert whispered harshly.
Fallon dropped the shields but they were instantly surrounded by a mist. There was a pop and Fallon wasn't there, but neither were Robert or Preston.

* * * *

As soon as Fallon dropped her shield Robert took her hand and she was zipped across the clearing, beyond the thick mist. There were three mages chanting the spell that manifested the thick fog. Robert silenced them with a few words and the mist immediately dissipated.
Fallon ran forward as the Dark Mages turned their way. Robert and Preston flanked her. She cast a blinding spell, and they all covered their faces like morons. Preston threw a stream of fire at them, and their robes lit up. Fallon tackled the middle one and pushed her energy into the mage, and she knew Robert and Preston would do something similar, but she didn't have time to worry about them.
The man beneath her was wily. He was trying to buck her off, but she managed to get her hands around his throat, and focused the energy into lines of electricity that wound around him like a rope. The spell would bind him, and everything he cast would only tighten the threads of her spell around him and either squeeze him into unconsciousness or kill him. Robert would probably be able to take all three of the mages to the nearest Silver Council compound. Once the mage was away from her, the spell would dissipate, but he'd probably be unconscious before then.
Something hit her from behind, flattening her on top of the mage who couldn't fight back. She felt fur and heard the roar of a lion but he was man-shaped. She knew it was Damon, but didn't know how because she watched Brody rip his throat out.
Then again, he wasn't this powerful the last time she saw him, which was around the time she got him away from the Dales. Had they had him this whole time? "Let me go, Damon. I don't want to hurt you."
"I'll kill you and then I won't have to think about what they did to me because of you," he snarled.
A bitter laugh escaped. "Because of me? I'm the one who saved your sorry ass. Did you ever stop to think about what I went through to get you out of there? And you're going to blame me?"
He sat up and pulled her with him. One massive hand closed over her throat. "If I never met you, they would never have taken me in the first place."
"Is that what they told you?" She didn't move, just sighed. "Why are you with them again?"
She felt his head on her shoulder, his grip loosened, but she didn't dare move yet. Damon wasn't right in the head. Malachi was still alive in the orb, and his hold would remain. Fallon didn't know what she could do about that, but Damon would kill her if she tried anything.
"I don't remember," he whispered. "Why are you here?"
"That's a long story, but I didn't know they had you." Even if she did, she wouldn't have gone back for him. Not after what he said to her that last time.

* * * *

Brody ran to the clearing, and saw the werelion holding Fallon's back to his chest, his hand ready to crush her throat. He stopped dead in his tracks. "Let her go."
Fallon locked gazes with Brody. The warning was clear in her eyes.
"This the wolf Isaac wants?" Damon asked snidely.
"Isaac is dead. Malachi is imprisoned. The Silver Council will deal with him," Fallon answered.
Why wasn't she fighting? Why was she letting him threaten her? He knew that if he moved Damon would kill her. There was an insane gleam in his eyes.
"Magic won't fix me. You know how I feel about magic," he growled at her and she winced.
"I can't help that I was born with magic, just like you can't help that you were attacked when you were so young." Fallon's voice was steady. "The way I see it, you can kill me and you'll be dead before my body hits the ground. Or you can let me go and can run, or you can get help. You aren't a bad guy Damon. Don't start acting like one just because you couldn't handle what I am. I never hurt you before today, and that was in self-defense."
Brody wasn't sure he could be so forgiving, but if the cat let her go, he'd have to be.
"And if I want to die?" Damon moaned.
A tear fell down her face. "If that's truly what you want, it can be arranged."
Robert appeared behind Damon and placed a hand on his shoulder, then they were both gone, leaving Fallon kneeling over the mage who was unconscious.
Brody rushed to her and scooped her up, careful to avoid the mage. "Did he hurt you?" he whispered.
"No. I just couldn't hurt him. He wasn't thinking on his own." Her voice cracked.
He took her face in his hands and gave her a soft kiss.
Robert came back and took away the other mage in a blink of an eye. He was tempted to ask Robert to take them home, but he needed to make sure Slater knew first.
When the mage showed back up, he squeezed Fallon's shoulder. "My sister thinks she can break Malachi's hold. If not, I can take his memories about you and the Dales, but that's a large chunk of his life."
She nodded. "Probably best if you do. He still hates me." Fallon took Brody's hand and leaned her head on his shoulder. "Can we go home now?"
"Yes. I can take you if you want."
She shook her head. "Don't think Brody liked the ride last time. Thanks though." She started for the trucks.
Brody pulled her to a stop. "Let's take the short ride. Just let me talk to Slater."
He took a step away, and as soon as he let her hand go, she fell forward. Panicked, he caught her, tipping her face back. Her eyes were closed, she was limp in his arms, but she was breathing deep and even.
Slater rushed over. "What happened?"
Robert gave Slater a curious smile. "The drug caught back up with her. She'll sleep the rest of it off. I still don't know how you managed to wake her up in the first place. Or how the hell she did all of that."
Slater nodded. "Some mated couples have that power over each other. Now that they're out of danger, her body will process the drug normally." Slater gave Brody a long look. "Let Robert take you both home. I'll have Jess call to check on her later."
Brody nodded. He didn't have words. He didn't give a rat's ass about the rest of the wolves at the moment. He just wanted to take care of Fallon.
Chapter 21


Fallon woke screaming, sweaty and terrified. Brody was right there, brushing her hair out of her face.
He murmured, "You're all right. We're home. I'm with you."
"It's over?" she whispered, and rolled into his embrace.
He held her so tight. "Yeah. They took Damon to get help. I guess they were able to break Malachi's hold on Damon, but he jumped at the chance to forget everything about you. Talk about an asshole," Brody muttered the last.
She sat up and slid her hand up his arm. "Damon just had problems with magic. I shouldn't have gotten involved with him in the first place." Fallon shook her head. "After seeing my mistakes, can you see how I doubted your ability to accept me for me?"
"Fallon, those were Damon's issues. Not yours. Isaac, I don't even have words to describe what kind of monster he was. Crazy or not, he wasn't enthralled. There was no excuse for what he was willing to do. So no, I don't understand how you blame yourself. But as long as you realize you won't be my ruin, then I don't care about them."
She threw a leg over his waist and straddled him with a smile. "I don't know what I did to deserve you, but I'm never letting you go. I love you. Thank you." She smiled wider than she probably ever had before.
"Oh, sugar, you're stuck with me. I won't let you let me go." He rolled her over and rose up on his elbows to look down at her. "You're everything Fallon. I don't know what I would have done if Damon took you from me. I know I would have taken every last Dale and their fighters if Isaac or Malachi had taken you from me."
"They didn't. I'm right here. I don't want to think about them ever again." Her stomach growled, and he frowned. "What?"
"You've been asleep since last night. It's almost noon. Let's get you fed." He gave her lips a quick kiss and sat up.
"I'd rather just make love to you." She pouted.
"Yes. Well, you'll need your energy for all the love making I want to do. Now get up so you can eat. Then we'll get to the good stuff."

* * * *

Thanks to a huge favor from Jess, breakfast was ready and he had a surprise for Fallon. Now Brody just needed to get his nerves under control. When Robert came back to fill him in on what happened to everyone, Brody talked the mage into making sure she'd sleep until late morning at the very least.
After everything they'd been through, he wanted to make it official, and he hoped like hell he wasn't pushing too hard too fast, but mating was as permanent as a relationship could get. Jess assured him that Fallon would be happy. That was enough for him to take the risk and jump ahead.
As soon as Fallon sat down, he pulled breakfast out of the oven and brought it to the table. She dug into her food the second he set her plate in front of her.
"Hungry?" He chuckled.
"Starved. This was a good idea." She licked her lips when she looked back at him, and then went right back to eating with gusto. He loved that.
Man, his hands were shaking, he was so nervous, but he wanted to do this right. He ate his breakfast without really tasting anything. Once she finished her plate, she stood and took both to the sink.
He got up and followed her. She turned around, and he dropped to one knee as he pulled out a little box. "I don't ever want to lose you. I want to spend the rest of our lives proving to you just how much you mean to me. Please, Fallon, marry me."
Fallon didn't even look at the box. She just dropped to her knees and threw her arms around his neck. "Really?"
"Yes. I mean every word."
Her mouth was on his, her hands in his hair. She broke the kiss only long enough to whisper, "Yes."
He wound his arms around her, and delved back into the kiss. She was everything to him, and he wanted to be her everything.
Fallon pulled back. "I should warn you, I'm not one of those women who have grand dreams about gigantic weddings. As long as I have you, I don't care about the rest."
"Ditto. So we can figure that all out when you're ready, but I do have this." He pressed the opened box into her hand and she looked down.
As soon as he saw the ring, he knew it was hers. It was a thick platinum band with diamonds, sapphires and emeralds embedded around the outside. The surface was smooth and wouldn't catch on anything.
"I love it," she whispered, and looked into his eyes. "You didn't need to do this. The ring is perfect, but-"
He stopped her argument with a kiss. "I would have taken you to pick your own, but I saw this ring and knew you it was yours." He took the ring and slid it on her finger before he stood and pulled her to her feet.
"I'm so glad you crashed into my life, Brody"
"Me too."

* * * *

Fallon's phone started ringing.
Frowning, Brody stepped back. "You'll want to get that. Amethyst has called you a couple times since yesterday. I got the impression that something was bothering her."
She went to the counter and answered, "Hi Amethyst."
"Fallon. Are you okay?" She sounded anxious. Fallon could just see her twisting the ends of her purple hair around her fingers in a nervous gesture.
"I'm fine. What about you? What's wrong?"
"I hear you found yourself a good man." She sighed. "He sounds like a total sweetie."
Fallon grinned because he was. "Yeah. He is and I'll tell you all about him later. But first, you're going to tell me what's wrong. I know that tone, sweetheart. What is it?"
Brody gave her a funny look but didn't say anything.
"Well, Carl won't leave me alone." That wasn't surprising. The jackass boyfriend had been a problem for a while. She dumped him just the week before Fallon moved up. "He's stalking me. He shows up everywhere, begging me to come back. He hasn't done anything but say some really stupid stuff. I just? I don't know what to do."
Fallon had a couple ideas of how Amethyst could solve that problem, but also knew she wasn't likely to take that route. "So, don't take this the wrong way. You have an option, and I know you know what I'm referring to. Just keep the option open and use it before you can't stand to be near him."
Her voice broke. "I really don't want to go there."
"I know, but you can make him want to avoid you without hurting him."
Brody tilted his head, obviously confused.
"Mom's been trying to get me to do that for months," she groaned. "The idea of doing that just makes me sick."
"Sorry. If I knew Opal was on you about it, I wouldn't have gone there." Fallon felt a bit guilty. Amethyst and her mother didn't exactly see eye to eye on things.
"That's okay. I had another idea anyway," she said hopefully.
"Shoot."
"I was wondering if your new shop has an opening for a piercer. Between my mother and my ex, I think a move might be a good thing."
"We do. We don't have a piercer at all. Adam and Tomahawk turn green anytime someone walks in and asks for a piercing. The big babies." Fallon winked at Brody who shook his head. "So just let me know when you think you're ready, and I'll set it up."
"Just like that?" Amethyst asked suspiciously.
"Remember, Jess is up here, which means she probably already lined the job up for you. And if not, I'm in tight with the owner's brother, so don't worry about that." She grinned and Brody caught his bottom lip between his teeth. Fallon asked, "Are you doing okay? Really?"
"Yeah, thanks for talking. I should let you go. Brody says you need your rest, though you sound good."
"I am good. But if you need to talk, you have my number."
"I do. Talk to you soon, Fallon."
"Bye Ame." Fallon hung up and stalked over to Brody, winding her arms around his neck. "Now, where were we?"
"I was about to make love to you, and never stop." He took her mouth in a heated kiss.
About the Author



Brandy L Rivers is a New York Times and USA Today bestselling author. She is kept busy writing the Others of Seattle, Others of Edenton, Combustible, and the Pine Barrens Pack series.
An avid reader, Brandy has always loved writing. She became serious about it as a stay-at-home-mother. With every story her world of characters expands, pulling her new directions.
Living in rainy Western Washington with her husband and three kids, Brandy is already working on future stories in each of the series, and several other projects.

To keep up with upcoming releases and news visit me at my
Website - Facebook - Twitter

Or join my newsletter 
Or reading group Rivers' Shenanigans.
Also by Brandy L Rivers

Box Sets
Others of Edenton - Series Volume 1
Others of Edenton - Series Volume 2
Others of Edenton - Series Volume 3
Others of Seattle - Series Volume 1
Others of Seattle - Series Volume 2

Others of Edenton
New Beginnings
In Too Deep
Shadows Fall
Shadows of the Past
Falling Into Place
Fated Love
Breaking Free
Mending Scars
Labor of Love
Light in Darkness
Blissful Agony
Entangled Darkness
Deadly Design (Coming 10-24-16)
Untitled: Declan's story (Coming Summer 2017)

Others of Seattle
Nights Embrace
Storm Mistress
Accepting Fate
Red Queen
Seductive Solutions
Changing Destiny
Coming Together
Storm Wrath
Twisted Bonds (Coming Spring 2017)

Nights Embrace Spin Off
Summer Rhythm

Stand Alone Contemporary Romance
Heart on Fire
Falling Star
Sweet Tooth
Backburn (Coming 1-6-17)

Pine Barrens Pack Co-Written with Rebecca Brooke
Cursed Vengeance
Vengeance Unraveled (coming 2017)

To keep up with upcoming releases and news visit me at my
Website - Facebook - Twitter
Or join my newsletter or reading group Rivers' Shenanigans
Reference Guide


Abyss -Faerie version of hell. It is a dark, desolate wasteland.
Air Faerie - A fae descended from the Air Kingdom in Faerie. They mostly cast air or electricity based spells. Some can dematerialize, scattering their cells. They can watch without being detected in this form, and travel great distances rapidly.
Alpha - The leader of a werewolf pack. Usually the most dominant wolf in a group.
Alpha Voice - A command given by the Alpha using pack magic. The command forces a single or multiple wolves to obey.
Blood Oath - Contract created between a vampire and another being. It is written in the vampire's blood. There is dark magic involved that compels the vampire and the other party to follow through on the terms.
Brownie - Fae that takes care of a family or house. They tend to have brown hair, skin and eyes. They are typically very secretive.
Circle of Protection - A spell many casters use to protect something or someone. An invisible shield and will keep most things out or the person being protected in. The spell will end if the caster breaks the circle or dies.
Dales - Group of vampires and dark mages that run an illegal fighting ring for Others. The majority of the competitors are Others that have been abducted and forced to fight either through blackmail or mind control. They were a problem ten years before but disappeared until recently.
Dark Mages - Usually rogue mages, though sometimes just mages that use darker arts such as necromancy, blood magic, death magic or other illegal magics.
Druids - Humans who possess mostly nature magic. They aren't as common as mages. Most tend to stick to other druids. They cast mostly earth and air spells, though most can manipulate fire and water. Druids can shift into most animals with practice.
Earth Faerie - A fae descended from the earth kingdom of faerie. Their powers include superhuman strength and super sensitive hearing, smell and sight. Most can manipulate the earth itself, or create compounds of rock from dust or dirt. Some are able to communicate with animals.
Iron - Certain types of faerie have an aversion to iron and other metals with iron content
Liche - A mage who undergoes death magic rituals to transcend their human body and become a spirit. The process takes years, and the body decays. Eventually only the soul is left, making them nearly impossible to kill.
Mages - Humans who possess elemental magic. They can either sling spells like weapons or heal, though it is rare for a mage to be a healer.
Mana-blades - Enchanted swords or daggers that are tattooed into the skin. They can be pulled like a normal weapon, but only by the one with the tattoo. Most people cover the blade with another tattoo to hide the magical weapon. The blade themselves do more damage than a normal blade, and depending on the creature it cuts, can do even more specific damage.
Mate - Werewolves, and some other creatures sometimes create a bond with their soul mate. The bond is nearly impossible to break unless one party dies. The bound couple will sometimes feel what the other is feeling, or sense the danger the other is in.
Others- Any being that isn't quite human. Werewolves, vampires, shaman, druid, mages, witches, warlocks, fae are just some examples.
Pack - Or werewolf pack is a group of werewolves in an area. The size of the pack determines to size of the region. Werewolves in a pack have a hierarchal structure based on the creature's innate dominance. Usually there is an Alpha who is the leader, and several enforcers who enforce the will of the leader, and the rest of the werewolves. Every pack is run differently
Pack Enforcer - Werewolves high in the pack hierarchy who carry out the alphas orders or discipline.
Shadowstalkers - Specific breed of vampire. They are one of the most dangerous breeds. They manipulate shadows, are adept at mind control, and generally only feed off Others whose blood can be quite addictive for its magical properties.
Silver - Wereanimals have an aversion to silver. It burns, and wounds caused by silver weapons or bullets are much slower to heal than a normal wound
Shaman - Humans who possess nature magic. Similar to druids, but not the same. Most shaman can shift into a specific animal.
Silver Council - Organization of mages. They are the governing force of most Others. Not everyone recognize them, but they try to police all Others. The Silver Council is mostly made up of formally trained mages. They occasionally will employ other casters.
Silver Council Enforcer - The mages who police Others.
Soul Prison - A device or talisman that can house a being. Usually small orb or sphere, it basically transports the being to its own empty realm.
Translocation - Some mages can vanish and reappear in another area. It is a rare talent.
Warded tattoos - Tattoos usually done by Druids, Shaman or sometimes Mages that have a spell imbued into the pattern. The spell is typically of a protection variety.
Warlock - Male witches are sometimes referred to as warlocks.
Wereanimal - Any type of wereanimal. Werewolves are the most common. Werecats probably second. They are stronger and faster than your average human. There are rare cases of other wereanimals. Each species varies in what it may or may not be able to do. These creatures heal most wounds incredibly fast.
Werecat - Any wereanimal that turns into some form of cat. Lion, tiger, leopard are just some examples. Werecat strains of lycanthropy are harder to catch. They tend to be more patient than most wereanimals. They are extremely fast. Unlike werewolves, they tend to be solitary, though sometimes form clans that are spread out over great distances, and will sometimes meet and hunt together, but for the most part have no structured clan.
Werewolves - Specific type of wereanimal. A werewolf is created when a werewolf in either its beast form or half-man form bites and sometimes scratches a human. They are incredibly strong, and faster than a normal human. Powerful werewolves can not only shift into their wolf form but a form bigger than human, covered in fur with enormous claws and bestial head. Their sense of smell and sight are very strong, especially in their beast forms.
Witch - A human who is highly sensitive to magic, and can cast a limited amount of magic. Abilities vary from clairvoyance, empath, telekinesis, various other psychic abilities. Most are adept at potions that combine natural ingredients with magic.
Vampire - There are several varieties of vampire. They live off human or Other blood. For the most part, are highly allergic to sun. They are incredibly fast, and each breed possesses a different set of abilities.
Preview: Shadows Fall



Amethyst Lakes is a nymph with a problem. 
She left her ex-boyfriend when he started to smother her. 
Nothing she says seems to keep him away.

Carl needs Amethyst more than he needs to breathe, but she just doesn't get it. He'll stop at nothing to make her stay.
An old friend and teenage crush will keep her safe until 
Amethyst can decide how to deal with Carl once and for all.

A pretty little nymph, crazy stalker ex, 
a cocky mage, and a whole lot of trouble.

Want to read more? You can find it here.
Preview: Shadows of the Past



Chapter 1

Flashing lights swirled her headache to new heights as the siren drilled into her throbbing skull. Perfect, just what I need, after driving all flipping day.
Amethyst Lakes had just reached Edenton, so being pulled over just added to the layers of crap she was already shoveling. Trouble was the last thing she needed, especially after the mess with her ex-boyfriend and the Silver Council.
Maybe moving all the way to Edenton wasn't the best decision, but Amethyst needed a change. Everything in San Francisco reminded her of Carl and that just made her sick to her stomach. Her mother had been on her case to do the one thing she couldn't stand to do, and when she finally did, it went all wrong.
She still couldn't believe he committed suicide. It just didn't make sense. He was never in love with her.
A giant burly mountain of a man climbed out of the police SUV, and she just knew he was going to give her grief. Menace poured off him, and he hadn't even managed to stalk to her door yet.
Lovely. Little towns are notorious for dickhead cops with power complexes.
Hopefully Fallon was right, and her being Other wouldn't be a big deal. There was a wide variety in Edenton, and she didn't have to hide what she was.
Pretending to be human was laughable. Her purple hair couldn't be dyed, and no human she ever met had violet eyes. As a full blooded nymph, she had no glamour. Public school had been a nightmare because she never fit in.
The cop was almost to the window. She took a deep breath and hid all emotion before reaching toward to the glove box.
His big meat hook of a fist pounded on her window, making it shudder.
Right, probably should have opened that first. She immediately rolled down the window and smiled up at the cop.
"Evening officer." She didn't bother lying and call it good.
His feral energy rolled through the car, nearly suffocating her. The throbbing vein in his forehead proved he was close to being in a rage. To top it off, the big brute was a werewolf, and he looked like he was about to lose control at any second.
"Do you realize you were going eighty in a forty?" His jaw clenched, and she was sure he would blow a gasket if he didn't calm down.
What was this guy's problem anyway? She wasn't arguing, she was even being nice. So, why did he have to scowl at her like that?
And okay, she was doing twice the legal limit. She nodded and plastered a semblance of a pleasant expression on her face, "I'm sorry, it's been a really long day and I wasn't paying attention. I can get my registration and proof of insurance. They are in the glove box. My ID is right here." At least her voice was calm and cool, even if she would have loved to slap the cop for the way he glared at her, his eyes searched her face, seeming to focus on her eyebrow ring and purple hair.
"Why were you reaching for the glove box, Ma'am?" he snarled his question as if he was ready for her to attack, and she already noticed his hand was hovering at his gun on his hip.
Checking his badge, she smiled wider and squashed any thought of using her natural gifts to get out of the ticket. "Officer Simons, I was just reaching for my papers."
"Out of the car," he barked.
What? Really? She bit back her irritated groan and climbed out of her jeep with her hands open and out, "If you want the registration and proof of insurance, it's in the glove box."
"Why are you being difficult?" he snapped, getting right in her face as he towered over her.
She wasn't afraid yet. If she needed to, she would push right back, but not until he gave her a really damned good reason. For now, she would cooperate. Maybe he would chill before things went that far.
She raised one eyebrow, "How so?"
"I'm bringing you in for questioning. You're awfully fucking difficult." He spun her around, and shoved her against the jeep to cuff her. Then he reached in to grab her keys. Maybe she shouldn't have been so calm, because most of her options just took a hike with those blasted cuffs.
Stunned, she blinked a few times, but she managed to keep her voice calm, even if the steel burned. At least it wasn't as bad as iron. "Why are you doing this? I haven't done anything wrong. I've been patient and cooperative, and you're just bringing me in?"
"Yes," he snarled and literally dragged her to the SUV, her feet barely touching the ground. He stuffed her into the backseat and slammed the door before climbing in and doing the same to his.
He was seriously stomping all over her rights, and he hadn't even buckled her in. What a creep. Hopefully the rest of the cops weren't such jerkwads.
If she was lucky, she would figure a way out of the situation before Fallon found out she was pulled over. She could just see the woman who was like a big sister, storming into the station to bust her out.
Taking a deep breath, she calmly told him, "You can't do this. Besides speeding, what did I do to you? I plan to pay the ticket, and I am cooperating. You didn't even read me my rights."
"You aren't under arrest-yet."
"Then why am I in cuffs?" At least she held back her snort, but now she was pissed.
"Just shut up," he bellowed, making her eardrums hurt.
She slumped back in the seat and tried to remain calm.
It was a short trip to the station. He radiated rage and hate, but she had no clue why. He must have been having one crappy day. Officer Jackhole screeched into the parking lot and slammed on the brakes, which sent her face first into the partition, and it hurt.
While she was still stunned, he yanked the door open and dragged her out of the vehicle.
This time she snapped at him. "Can you just take my arm and let me walk before you hurt me? I'm not resisting, not fighting, just trying to figure out what you think I did." There was only a thread of anger in her voice, but as a wolf, he was going to smell that on her anyways, so there was no point in hiding it.
He was more than a foot taller than her, and obviously liked having superhuman strength, because he didn't let her walk. He grabbed her around the upper arm and half carried, half dragged her inside. He definitely bruised her with that iron grip.
Then he slammed her into a chair as another big man stormed out of his office. She felt a slight rumble through the floor, and the air seemed to grow denser as he scowled at Officer Simons.
Great, more testosterone and more anger. At least this one didn't seem to be pissed at her.

* * * *

"Simons, what the fuck are you doing to this little lady?" Sheriff Hayden Hunter demanded as he stepped out of his office. The most unusual woman sat in the seat next to Kevin Simons' desk.
She was put there by the big werewolf who towered over her menacingly. Thankfully she mostly seemed confused, slightly pissed, but he sensed her distress and pain that she hid quite well.
He took another look at the curvy little woman, maybe five foot two tops, with long purple hair, but it was streaked with lavenders and darker violets that looked too natural to be dyed. Her eyebrows were a rich purple, and her eyes sparkled like amethysts. Even her lips were tinged with a hint of lavender, though she wasn't wearing a trace of makeup.
In a word, she was breathtaking.
There was a ring in her eyebrow, a little amethyst stud in her nose, and another placed like a beauty mark. There were little rings all the way up both ears. He was willing to bet there were more interesting piercings hidden under her clothes, which he really didn't need to consider.
Some sort of fae he was guessing. That would explain the pain. At least steel was better than iron, but he was going to resolve that issue as quickly as he could. Besides, he had a feeling this little woman was the one Slater and Brody already told him about. Neither of them seemed real sure as to which flavor of fae she was, and neither Fallon nor Jess offered a hint.
Simons seethed like the brute he was since finding his wife cheating. Normally he was so calm and gentle. But since last night, he had become a hulking, raging beast.
His eyes cut down to her, but her eyes were trained off in the distance. "She was doing eighty in a forty, and she was reaching for a weapon when I pulled her over." He growled down at the woman.
Hayden closed the distance with a snarl. "Back off of the girl, now."
She sighed and managed a calm, almost patient tone, "He stopped me from reaching into my glove box for my proof of insurance and my registration. I gave him my ID, and he also has my keys. I told him to look in my glove box for the rest of my documents. I would have gladly allowed him to search my jeep. I don't even own a weapon."
"I'm sorry for Simons' behavior." Hayden shot him a look, and warned. "And I am sure he will be," he glared at Simons, and fought back the urge to smash his face, "after he thinks his actions through."
A rough time at home, didn't give him the excuse to be an asshole. Softening his expression, he moved his attention to her. "You're Amethyst Lakes. Am I right?"
"Yes sir, I am." She didn't sound happy that a cop knew who she was. Hayden didn't blame her. She already dealt with the Silver Council, which was basically the mages' version of the police, only worse. She already knew that Edenton was chalk full of Others, and most of them followed different rules. She was probably worried they might hand her over to the Council, which he absolutely would not allow.
"Here's what I'm going to do, Amethyst. I am going to excuse the ticket this time since Simons flew off the deep end." He gave his officer a challenging look, daring him to open his mouth. When he didn't, he turned back to her. "Please, do not drive that fast in my town in the future."
"Yes sir," she nodded once, not sucking up, not offering excuses, but not arguing either.
"Can you come into my office for a moment? I would like to talk to you for just a minute, and I will remove those cuffs." Hayden wanted to take them off that second, but didn't want to let Simons know exactly what she was or how bad certain metals were for her. Unfortunately, he just didn't trust his old friend right then.
"Sure." She stood up and didn't bother glancing back at Simons who just glared at her.
"Just through that door. I need to have a word with Simons first."
"Yes sir." She went into the office without argument, and he shut the door before turning back to Simons with a lethal glare.
"You need to take some time off. I know your situation with Stacy is getting to you, but you can't be pulling this shit. Miss Lakes is moving into town, and coming from a lot of shitty circumstances because of an ex-boyfriend. None of it was her fault. Slater already talked to me about her. She is one of Fallon's friends. So you are going to give her a break. You hear me?"
"Fine, how much time off?" Simons bit out. Any second now, and the man's head would explode, his face was so red.
"Tonight and tomorrow. Paid, and I will check on you then. We'll figure this out." Hayden nodded toward the door, "Go, and when you see her next, apologize. I will check her car, but I can guarantee she won't have a weapon. Piercing gear perhaps, but that's her profession."
"All right," Simons growled and turned to leave. Hayden just hoped the other man would get his shit together before he did something he would regret and couldn't just apologize for.

* * * *

Amethyst fought back tears. The cuffs were really hurting now. The longer they were in contact with her skin the worse it was going to be. She wouldn't cry though. Simons was a big brute of a wolf. He was tall, with brown hair, and muddy brown eyes, and just a big bully.
She refused to give him the satisfaction of seeing her cry.
The sheriff came back in. "I'm Hayden Hunter. Here," the deep rumble of his voice caressed over her ears, and she had to fight back a shiver, "stand up so I can get those damned things off of you. I am sorry about his reaction, but he knows squat about fae and their possible reactions to steel."
She stood up and turned her back to him, not really wanting to. He felt like a predator, but she didn't think he would hurt her either. She was drawn to him, but she didn't trust that instinct
The cuffs fell from her wrists. She turned around with a frown, rubbing her blistered wrists. "Thank you."
"Sorry, I would have removed them faster, but I know most of us don't want everyone knowing exactly what we are. I'm lucky enough to not have an aversion to metals, but I'm guessing you do."
"You're not like me." She shook her head and took a shaky breath as she looked up into his eyes. And yes, he was Other, fae in fact, but not any type of water fae. His eyes were deep, dark, almost black, and his gaze was irritatingly soothing, but she fought her reaction. His tousled hair was the color of dark chocolate drizzled with caramel, and his skin was the color of honey. He smelled of musk and dark spices that reminded her of a home she only knew from ancestral memories. She had to fight her instinct to lean into him so she could breathe him in.
"You haven't been to faerie, and yet you are." He smiled a little. "How old are you?"
She backed up without meaning too, and found herself against his desk, "Twenty-five. My family was exiled before I was born. But how did you know?"
"It's all right, Amethyst, I won't bite. Slater told me enough to know that you were born and raised down in California. Now come on, I'll take you back to your car." He held out her keys and license, which she took hesitantly. "And for the record, I am a different type of fae from you. Earth fae, but I'm not one of the elitist."
"Oh, um? good." She didn't want to trust him, but she sort of was anyway. Goodness, he was almost a foot and a half taller than her. His shoulders were broad and defined. In fact, he was built like a warrior. He was all solid muscle, no fat, but he wasn't built like a freakish body builder.
Still, he dwarfed her, and it was a little intimidating in all the right ways. Swallowing back an unsettling mix of emotions, she looked up into those dark mesmerizing eyes.
"I'm sorry I was speeding, but after the day I had, I just," she sighed, "I wasn't paying attention to the speed limit, or my speed. I swear, I didn't argue with him." She blushed because he flustered her so badly, but she kind of liked it, which was just wrong.
"And yet, I think you could have fought him off if you wanted too." he grinned. "You seem a bit skittish, but from what Fallon told me, you have a right to be. She also says you can protect yourself quite well." His eyes delved into hers, and it felt way too intimate for a stranger.
With a shrug, she shook her head. "I really don't want to get into my past. Officer Simons didn't hurt me, and he didn't do anything wildly inappropriate. If he had, I would have stopped him, but I don't want everyone knowing what I am. I'm really not sure I could fight off a werewolf who is nearly two feet taller and more than three times my weight."
"From what Fallon says, you did a couple times in San Francisco," he murmured.
Blushing, she shrugged slightly. Fallon had taught her a few nasty tricks, but she didn't like resorting to them.
"Do you trust me?" Hayden asked her softly as he stepped right in front of her, leaving her nowhere to go as he looked down into her eyes.
Her heart was pounding in her chest. He was just so big and edible, that he made her crave things she didn't want to crave.

* * * *

Hayden just wanted to put her at ease, but he had a feeling that no matter what he did, she was going to be skittish. Well, there were a whole lot of things he wanted to do to the little woman, but she was a fraction of his age. And whoever her parents were, it seemed she was raised as a human.
Shit, now he was curious who her family was. He only knew one fae who shared her last name. Paavo was from the water realm, and in a solid relationship with another fae of similar background.
"Well? I just want to help," he said softly, hoping she would say yes because he was only going to heal her. Besides, her delicate little wrists were raw and blistered, and he knew they had to burn. If she would just let him, he could fix it easily.
"Why should I trust you?" she breathed the words, barely whispering as she stared up into his eyes. Amethyst was mesmerizing. So little, and temptingly seductive without trying. Even in the cargo pants and plain tank, she was still so feminine.
Of course she was afraid of him. Her lack of trust after being held by the Silver Council for two weeks for something she didn't do made perfect sense. Other than Fallon, he imagined it would be a long while before she put her confidence in anyone.
"I just want to help you. I can take the pain away," he promised.
Amethyst shoved her hands behind her back and shook her head before looking down at the ground.
It dawned on him then. Did she assume all fae healed with lust or love? "Which are you? Nymph or siren?"
She didn't answer, just shook her head again.
"Amethyst, I don't heal that way, I promise."
"Nymph," she muttered. "My brother is half siren. I know how we all heal."
"Paavo?"
She nodded slowly. At least he knew her brother. Worst case, he could call him and have him talk to her.
"I only have to touch the injury, not even all of it. I can get Paavo on the phone to see if he can explain. I assume you trust him, and he is an old friend."
"All right." Her voice was soft, delicate, and her pouty lips turned down in a frown. One delicate little hand came out, held in front of her, but she still wouldn't look at him.
"Is that a yes?"
She nodded, and he wished he could see her eyes, but she wasn't looking at him. He sighed and gently took her arm with one hand, tracing over the burn with the fingers of his other.

* * * *

The big sheriff was oh so gentle, sweet even. His magic felt good, soothing the burn almost instantly. "Tha?oh?I," then she remembered you weren't supposed to thank the older fae, and he seemed old. Not how he looked, just the feel of his magic that wrapped around her like a blanket.
If he was even half as old as she thought, she probably shouldn't want to lick him like a giant lollipop. And she didn't have much experience with too many fae outside her family.
"I may be older, but I've been here long enough to live as a human. Thanking me won't insult me." His smile was genuine and pleasant, his gaze stayed on her eyes when she finally looked up at him. "Can I see your other hand?"
She swallowed hard and let him. Again, he was gentle, nothing sexual there. She could have done it by stealing lust from someone, or well? she wasn't going to think of that. Then again, he didn't seem to desire her which was disappointing, even though she was not going to be getting naked with him, or anyone.
"Thank you. I should go to my jeep. Fallon wanted me to meet her at In 2 Deep. She has the key to the apartment." By that point, Amethyst could really use a drink, or few to relax.
"I'll drive you to your car, and then show you where the bar is. Then, if you'd like, I'll show you where they live after you unwind a little. I'll even help you unpack."
"I can manage," she frowned, tired of being treated like a stupid little girl, "but I would appreciate the ride to my jeep."
"I'm off duty, unless something comes up and I'm called back. Just give me a minute to change."
"All right." She managed a tiny smile before he left the room.
Her phone buzzed again, her text messages. Crap. She pulled her phone out and saw several texts from Jess, Jamie and Fallon.
With a sigh, she texted them all back and told them she was coming but was delayed.
Her phone rang almost immediately, and she answered Fallon's call. "Hi. Sorry. I'll be there soon."
"Why is your car abandoned on the side of the damned road?" Fallon was ticked, and rightfully so.
"Uh, one of the policemen had a bad day," she muttered sheepishly, "He brought me down to the station because I was going eighty in a forty." Feeling stupid, she sighed. "I just wasn't thinking, and before you start, I wasn't rude to him."
"Stop, I think I know who you're talking about," Fallon sneered. "Simons caught his wife cheating. He probably saw your purple hair and thought you might be related. The bastard does have purple in his hair, but it's dusky, almost a dark gray."
"Oh, okay." Amethyst shook her head. Some people just didn't like anyone different. "Sheriff Hunter is taking me back to my car."
"And escorting you to the bar," he said mildly.
Her eyes narrowed, and she pursed her lips. She didn't need him taking her anywhere. "That's totally unnecessary."
"May I?" He held his hand out for the phone, and she gave it to him with a scowl. His lips quirked up in a grin. He told Fallon, "I'll bring her to the bar as well. I'll make sure she gets to your place if she leaves before you do. I'll even help her bring her things up to her apartment."
He paused and nodded, but amusement danced in his eyes, and that made her wonder.
His smile was warm. "Don't worry. I just want to make sure Simons' welcome to town hasn't rattled her too badly. She seems awfully nervous."
There was only kindness and protectiveness in his gaze and tone. The jerk, but then she realized that wasn't fair. Why should he want someone like her? Hell, Fallon or Brody probably warned him already. Not to mention that she was just a baby in comparison to the big delicious sheriff.
His deep, warm voice snapped her out of her thoughts. "We'll be there soon."
He handed the phone back to her and locked his firearm in the desk.
Amethyst finally let her eyes graze over his big body. He was scrumptious in his boot cut jeans that hugged those long powerful thighs. His worn tee shirt did the same to his very impressive abs, sculpted chest and let's not forget his big bulgy arms. Hayden didn't look like a steroid junky, but he was powerfully built, with each muscle well defined.
She just wanted to trace every ridge with her tongue. No, no I don't, or so she told herself.
Devouring his appearance with her eyes was a bad idea when he was not on her menu. Hell, she was fasting, and he was like an eight course meal with something spectacularly sweet and tempting for desert.
Right, she needed to get off the phone and to her jeep. "See you soon, Fallon," she couldn't keep the irritation out of her tone, so she hung up before Fallon could reply.
"Come on. I'll let you sit in the front seat, no cuffs involved," he winked, and there was just a hint of something dark and salacious in his gaze.
She swallowed her first snarky remark and followed him to a giant SUV. "Does it need to be so big?" She knew she blushed when she looked back at him. It didn't just go for the truck. His wolfish grin left her feeling all shivery.
"Here," he opened the door and picked her up, much too easily, as he sat her inside.
"You didn't need to do that." Her voice squeaked
She could feel his chuckle dance over her, and it was much too inviting. "You look nervous, and I don't want to keep Fallon waiting. I'm afraid of what she'll do if Simons shows up at the bar."
"Right. That might not go over so well."
He nodded. "She is very protective of her friends. In fact," he frowned and touched her arm, just above her elbow.
She flinched at the gentle contact, but saw the bruise in the shape of Simons' hand when she looked down. His magic washed over her in a caress, and she had to bite back her whimper. Oh, that felt so good she closed her eyes against it, and she tried her darnedest to fight off any reaction.

* * * *

"Amethyst," he said softly, trying not to spook her worse, but she flinched every time he touched her. "Are you okay?"
Her laugh was nervous. "Sorry Sheriff Hunter?."
"Hayden, call me Hayden, please. Most everyone knows me as Hayden." Damn it, his voice was low and husky, he tried to dial back his lust back, but it wasn't happening. She was just everything he craved, and it had been a long time since he craved anyone.
"Hayden," she sighed and opened up her beautiful eyes, but she still looked nervous. "Can we just go get my jeep, please?"
With a nod, he shut her door while she buckled in. He hopped in and drove to where he knew her jeep would be. Simons had called it in, and Fallon had already called Hayden to interrogate him about what happened to Amethyst. Thanks to Simons and those damned cuffs, Amethyst hadn't been able to answer her phone.
Thinking of Amethyst being manhandled by that big brute put Hayden on the breaking point. He wanted to track Simons down so he could beat him into the next state. That wouldn't help anything, and he reminded himself of that fact for the twelfth time in 20 minutes.
Her Jeep wasn't far away. He pulled up in front of it. Before he could say or do anything, she hopped out of the truck and hurried to her vehicle.
Hayden followed, "To make Simons feel better, can I please check your glove box?"
She nodded, but had her back to him as she unlocked the doors and climbed inside. He opened the passenger door, leaned in and looked. There was nothing there but the proper documents and a few CDs. "Just what I thought. I'm sorry he was so rough with you. I made him take a couple days off. His family situation doesn't excuse his actions."
"It's okay. Fallon told me about his wife. I'm sorry." She shrugged. "Thank you for the ride."
"Follow me, please?" He wasn't going to argue with her, but he wanted to keep an eye on her. Wanted to protect her, and he knew she probably wouldn't appreciate it, but there was something about her that drove those instincts. She seemed innocent, but so incredibly sensual at the same time. Hayden wanted to get to know her, in every sense of the word, but had a feeling he was going to have to take it really slow and work at it.
She nodded, but rolled her eyes. Her attitude finally started to come out, and he hoped that was a good sign. That maybe she was starting to trust him a little.

Want to read more? You can find it here.
