




Incorrigible: Secrets Past & Present


The Staves of Warrant Book One

Part Two / Seeking


Morgen Rich


Bookmite Press
Pennsylvania

www.bookmitepress.com


*****


This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and events either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, places, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.


This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Copyright © 2013. Morgen Rich. All rights reserved.
Published by Bookmite Press.

ebook ISBN 978-0-9892102-3-2

Smashwords Edition.

Cover design by Derek Murphy of Creativindie Covers


*****


Table of Contents

Chapter Eleven: Familiar and Unknown
Chapter Twelve: Foreign
Chapter Thirteen: Hopeful
Chapter Fourteen: Empathetic
Chapter Fifteen: Protective
Chapter Sixteen: Mortified
Chapter Seventeen: Lost and Found
Chapter Eighteen: Freedom
Extras


*****


Chapter Eleven

Familiar and Unknown


“What do you mean she is missing?” asked Ilythiiria.
“Niamh is missing. None of us has seen her for at least half a moon, maybe longer.”
Ilythiiria thought about how much time had passed since she’d relocated Euryale. She couldn’t remember exactly how much of the moon’s cycle had passed, but surely at least half a cycle had elapsed since she’d left Glendoque and Euryale in the cave outside Alya’s largest city.
“Nobody knows where she is,” said Moira.
“This would not be the first time she has disappeared without telling us where she was going, Moira.”
“I know, but something does not feel right about it this time.”
“In what way?”
“The pond.”
“What about the pond?”
Moira frowned and looked around. “In the past, Niamh and I have worked together at the pond. The ground there is saturated with her Essence. I gazed from the bottom of the pond not long ago when I sensed Arianna’s daughter near it.”
Ilythiiria felt the air around her stop moving. “The daughter of Arianna?”
“And I could not feel her.”
“The daughter of Arianna?”
“No. Niamh. I could not feel Niamh.”
“Ahhhh,” said Ilythiiria. “Perhaps your connection with the daughter of Arianna interfered? Her mother is strong in her.”
Moira shook her head. “I do not think so. But even that was strange.”
“How so?”
“When she came into the cave, I sensed Morgraine’s presence, but I found it confusing.”
“Why?”
“Morgraine felt like a weaker vibration of the one I sensed when I guided Glendoque and his wife. Same but different. Less . . . earthy or . . . of the earth . . . if that makes any sense.”
Ilythiiria wrinkled her brow. She needed to distract Moira from thinking about Euryale. “The daughter’s connection with earth is only through her mother, no?” asked Ilythiiria.
“As far as I know, yes.”
“Then could it be she is more distanced from the earth now that her mother is gone?” Ilythiiria reached out and stroked the arm of Moira, whose face responded by smoothing the tension it had worn into Ilythiiria’s compartment.
“Yes, that must be the case. She has not visited the pond much of late, at least not when I was with Niamh.” Moira’s face tightened again.
“I am sorry, Moira. I know you are worried about Niamh. You know how she is, though. Niamh takes in strays the way you do. She is probably Guiding some lost soul.” She offered a comforting smile.
“I hope so. Oh, speaking of Guiding lost souls. I forgot to tell you. The wife of Glendoque said you know her.”
“I do not know her well.” Why did Euryale draw attention to me? What was she thinking?
“Lyra sends her greetings nonetheless.”
Ilythiiria smiled. Euryale followed my instructions. Maybe there is hope for her yet. “If you should see Lyra again, please return my regards.”
“Of course,” replied Moira, shifting from one foot to another and then turning a quarter-circle to leave Ilythiiria’s compartment.
“And speaking of Glendoque . . . as I remember, you aided him in finding a new home. Has he settled in?”
Moira shrugged. “I assume he has if his shrewish wife has not yet insisted on a more lavish home.”
Ilythiiria wanted to smack Euryale. She laughed softly. “Every pot has its cover, no?”
Moira nodded and walked to the door. “Yes, it does. If you gain news of Niamh, please inform us at once. The Circle meets soon, and we must call her if she does not return before then.”
“Is that not too risky?”
 “We do what we must to protect the Staves.”
Ilythiiria nodded and patted Moira on the arm. “I am sure your friend will return with tales of wonder and not a clue as to why anyone has worried about her. She always comes home, Moira.”
Moira nodded. “Thank you for your kind words.”
When the golden-haired protector of Glendoque was gone, Ilythiiria locked her door and sat on her bed. Euryale was up to something. And she was dangerously close to exposing Ilythiiria’s role in her escape. “If Moira sensed you, she did so because you made yourself vulnerable. Why, Euryale? What held your attention so raptly you diverted focus from cloaking yourself?” she said aloud.
Hearing the words spoken made their answer all the more instantly clear. “You probed her aura. You could not resist, could you?”
Ilythiiria thought back to the first time she’d realized Euryale had been born with a talent nobody had expected. It had emerged without warning when Euryale’s womanhood began to blossom, but not in the normal way an exceptional talent might have, not in the arms of a servant lover or when a rival House Daughter challenged her with a slap. Rather, the young woman’s penchant for Aura Shifting slipped out without a physical catalyst.
Ilythiiria had been collecting ingredients for a potion, and Euryale had been watching a procedure Ilythiiria didn’t particularly like, but which had to be done. To distract herself from the unpleasantness of it, Ilythiiria had focused on Euryale.
***
Her charge’s eyes darted to the sharpened tip of the quill as Ilythiiria pierced the neck of a vole. Euryale’s gaze fluttered from the teacher to the screeching vole as Ilythiiria tapped her finger over the end of the quill and drew blood up into it. When it was filled, she emptied it into a bowl and repeated the procedure.
“Wait,” Euryale said, her tone raspy with excitement.
Ilythiiria stopped tapping her finger.
“Does it hurt?”
“Does what hurt,” asked Ilythiiria.
“To die.”
Ilythiiria looked down at the vole. “I am told it feels like weak relief, but I do not know for sure. I have never died.” She had never lied to the girl.
“Why are you killing it?” she asked more loudly.
Ilythiiria felt the vole quiver and flop its body against her palm.
“I need its blood.” Ilythiiria prodded Euryale’s aura with her own. It felt like curiosity, but not compassion. She had a growing concern about the whispers regarding Euryale’s proclivities. It was partly Euryale’s fault, in that her sharp tongue had gained her no kindnesses or patience from her other teachers. It was more than that, though. Some of the other Priestesses had treated her with indifference from the beginning. Ilythiiria had never understood why.
Looking up from the vole to Ilythiiria, Euryale searched her mentor’s face. “Let me,” she said, taking the quill out of Ilythiiria’s hand.
The Priestess watched in horror and amazement as her charge drew the blood from the pitiful vole so slowly it seemed she took it by drops. She soaked in every change in the vole’s demeanor and reactions, three times stopping in mid-draw to concentrate. And three times, the vole reacted—once stiffening, one time squirming, and finally going limp as it wailed a pleading squeak.
The vole’s third reaction pushed Ilythiiria’s pity for the pathetic rodent to the edge of her tolerance. “Kill it now.”
Euryale looked disappointed. She squeezed the vole’s neck and snapped it but held onto it and closed her eyes.
“Stop that immediately!” Ilythiiria said.
Euryale’s eyelids snapped open. Her eyes looked flat and lifeless.
“Now!” screamed Ilythiiria, slapping Euryale’s hand so hard the limp vole flew out of it and thumped first against the wall and then the floor.
***
Ilythiiria shuddered at the memory of the thud. She felt more certain than ever Euryale was up to something. It seemed a game to her. In the midst of not trying to save herself from the death sentence, she had probed someone’s aura in the Assembly hall. In toying with Ilythiiria through Moira, Euryale also had drawn Moira’s attention to a link between Ilythiiria and herself. But why? As she so frequently had felt while mentoring Euryale, Ilythiiria found herself overwhelmed with questions. If she had learned anything about her charge, it was that Euryale employed focus purposefully. What got her attention got all of her attention, but getting her attention meant being unique, useful, and challenging to the point of dangerous. Without those three characteristics, Euryale wouldn’t deign to expend energy on anything or anyone. With them, she would gamble her life for control. What could possibly motivate her to teeter purposely on the edge of disaster in the Assembly hall and with Moira? What did she expect to win when she mastered her game? As Niamh had so succinctly put it, “To what end?”
The same sense of amazement and horror she’d felt watching Euryale with the bat settled over her, and she whispered, “Tell me you did not attempt to shift Moira’s aura.”
***
A knock rattled Paidraigh Keenan’s office door. “Come in.” The door opened to a view of Private Lucas snapping to attention, his hand bolting to a salute. “At ease.”
“Yes, Sir.” Lucas relaxed. “Commander Patrone, Sir. He wants you in his office.”
“Did he say why?”
“Yes, Sir. Something about the squatters, Sir.”
“Thank you, Private. Dismissed.”
Memories of the day he’d seen the squatters haunted him all the way to Patrone’s cushy office at the other end of the garrison complex. The storm had sent his troops scurrying back to the garrison, and its deluges had provided the delay he needed to give the squatters a chance to escape. Paidraigh had taken his time returning to headquarters, sheltering the horses and soldiers in farmers’ stables twice along the way. None of the men had mentioned seeing the squatters scramble over the rocks at the edge of the woods. Hopefully, none had seen. If any had, he prayed they’d kept it to themselves. “Just a little good luck, Saints,” he whispered, grasping the amulet he wore under his shirt. He drew a long breath and knocked on the wooden door of his superior officer’s quarters.
“Come in,” Patrone called out.
The door swung open slowly, and Paidraigh slipped his lanky frame inside the Commander’s office, closing the door before he snapped to a salute. He kept his eyes forward, staring at the wall across the room. Mucking stalls had taught him not to look Patrone in the eye.
“Do you have any further report on the squatters, Lieutenant?”
“No, Sir. No incidents since the last report. Our troops destroyed the structures in the woods.”
“I see,” replied Patrone. “So tell me, do you believe they planned to stay after all?” The Commander’s fingers clenched the quill.
“It would appear so, Sir.”
Commander Patrone eyed the parchment on his desk and smiled. “I agree, but there’s something that troubles me about that.”
“What’s that, Sir?”
“What troubles me,” Patrone said, “is that this group just evaporated. They wanted to settle, but they just ran away like vermin in torchlight? That is what you reported. Right, Lieutenant?”
Paidraigh fought to stay at attention. “Something like that, Sir. I believe I said they scattered.”
“Well, I’m not convinced they stayed scattered.” Patrone huffed with disgust as he crumpled the parchment in his fist. “We ran them out of Port Firth, and they settled in the woods. What makes you think they wouldn’t do the same again?”
Paidraigh didn’t have an answer.
“Go back tomorrow. They’re scavenging squatters. At the very least, they would’ve returned to salvage what they could. If they were smart, they took their belongings and left. If they returned and stayed, I want you to arrest them.”
“There was nothing left to take, Sir. Almost all of the structures had burned completely before the storm began.”
Patrone glared at the junior officer. “Did I ask you a question?”
“No, Sir.”
“Then follow my order.”
“Yes, Sir.” Keenan’s muscles cramped. He wanted to be out of the office, but he would be damned if he’d ask for permission to leave. Continuing to stare at the wall and hold the salute he’d maintained through their entire conversation, he gritted his teeth behind closed lips.
“Is there something else?”
“No, Sir.”
“Then get out.”
“Yes, Sir.”
Patrone gave a limp salute, quill in hand, eyes fixed on the crumpled parchment he clutched in his fist.
As deftly as he had entered the office, Paidraigh slipped out. Patrone didn’t care if the squatters were in the woods. Nobody cared as long as they weren’t in Port Firth. He knew what Patrone wanted—slaves to sell at auction. Patrone would add them to the auction manifest, and everyone would assume they came with the transported slaves. Patrone would make a hefty profit; the town would be rid of the squatters; nobody would be the wiser . . . except Paidraigh.
And that was the problem, wasn’t it? He would know. He, Paidraigh Keenan—supposed Enforcer who had smart-mouthed his way into a job mucking stalls and snapping salutes and appeasing Patrone while awaiting orders from higher up, a lot higher up—would know.
Paidraigh let out a sigh before heading toward the barracks to organize the patrol. Slavers and those who aided them left a bad taste in his mouth. He would have to dance delicately to avoid getting stirred into their mix. He could keep the troops away from the rocky ledge where the woman in the brightly coloured dress had run if he kept them focused on scouring the charred woods for stragglers. That way, maybe nobody would pick up any scents or footprints to track. He truly hoped the strangers had found an escape route leading as far away as possible.
At first light, the patrol set off for the woods. By noon, they arrived. As planned, Paidraigh steered them toward the place where the squatters had made the camp his troops had torn down and burned.
“Lieutenant, over here!” one of the soldiers shouted.
Paidraigh’s chest tightened. “What is it, Private Lucas?” he asked as he stepped into a shady clearing not far from the former camp.
The soldier crouched, tracing his fingers in ash. “Somebody made a fire here.”
“Is it fresh?”
Lucas shrugged. “Dunno, but look. No footprints in it or around it. My guess is somebody built it since we were here, and they covered their tracks.”
“Any other tracks?”
“Just these. Looks like a wagon.” Lucas pointed to two distinct lines in the crushed leaves and then to hoof prints. “Not a big wagon. One horse.”
Paidraigh’s gaze followed the lines. They headed away from the rocky ledge.
“Sir? Want me to follow them?” the Private asked.
When Paidraigh looked up, he saw a small group of soldiers had gathered near him and the Private. It was too late to make light of the finding. He nodded to the Private. “Let’s see where they go.” Stepping between the two lines, he added, “Behind me. Stay close.”
The soldiers fell into a tight, arrowhead formation with Paidraigh at their point. They followed the lines deeper into the woods, swerving around trees and thickets. In some places, it looked like the wagon barely had squeezed between two trees.
Paidraigh’s heart did a drum roll when he heard a twig crack. The soldiers behind him drew their swords.
“No need to get antsy,” called the bass voice from behind the brightly painted wagon ahead of Paidraigh. “Just me, and I am unarmed.”
“Come out where we can see you,” shouted Paidraigh, motioning to his men to stay put. He didn’t want a panicked soldier starting a skirmish any more than he wanted a dead soldier.
The wagon rocked and groaned. From behind it stepped a curly-horned, bull-faced giant.
Paidraigh took a step back and prepared to draw his own sword.
The giant raised both of his hands. “I am unarmed.”
“What are you doing here?” Paidraigh asked.
“Passing through. I stopped last night to eat and sleep.” He nodded in the direction of the burned encampment. “Someone else was here before me, though.”
“We saw that,” said Paidraigh.
“I saw no sign of them when I got here last night. Are you looking for them? Because it looks like they left in a hurry and did not leave anything behind for others.”
It was the second time the giant had mentioned he’d arrived the night before.
“Others?” Private Lucas asked.
The giant shrugged and grinned, his flat teeth filling the broad space between his lips. “Folks like me, who could use a hut for a night.” He pointed his thumb toward the wagon. “Not much room in there.”
“I suppose you’ll be moving along now?” Paidraigh asked.
“That was my plan.” The giant eyed the insignia on Paidraigh’s collar. “Lieutenant.”
Paidraigh nodded. “Good. Turn your wagon around, and you can follow us to the road. We’ll point you in the right direction and let you get on your way.”
“I appreciate your kindness.”
“Back to the road! There’s nothing here.” Paidraigh yelled.
The men turned around and began their casual march back the way they’d come. The giant climbed onto the wagon and brought it around to follow the soldiers. Private Lucas dropped back near Paidraigh.
“Sir?”
“Yes, Private Lucas?”
“Why did we stop searching?”
“Because our witness told us nobody was there. You heard him.”
“Well, yes, Sir, but how do you know he is telling the truth? What if he is one of them?”
Paidraigh stopped and looked at Lucas. He wasn’t much more than a boy, and if his curiosity didn’t get him killed, he’d apply his bright mind and make something of himself. Paidraigh hated to discourage him. The officer put his hand on top of the boy’s shoulder and squeezed. “Good questions, Lucas. Do you remember seeing that fella when we came here the last time?”
Lucas shook his head, his stringy hair shaking vigorously. “No, Sir.”
“Do you think we would have missed someone his size?”
Lucas looked back at the wagon and then shook his head, looking down. “No, Sir.”
Paidraigh laughed and slapped Lucas on the back. “Not much of a chance he’s one of them. But it’s good to keep asking questions.”
Private Lucas beamed. Paidraigh chuckled and wiped the sweat off his brow when he turned his head.
When they reached the road, Paidraigh yelled, “Form up!” He waved to the giant and pointed toward the direction opposite of Port Firth. “Hold up over there!” As the soldiers formed a column two men wide facing the opposite way, Paidraigh walked to the front of the wagon.
“Thank you, Lieutenant.”
Paidraigh leaned and looked at the column, mentally accounting for all the men before he spoke. He patted the side of the wagon seat and looked up at the giant. “Tell the lady in the bright-coloured gown I like her wagon,” he said quietly. He turned and walked toward the column, shouting, “You gunna stand there all day? Move it!”
The column rippled like a caterpillar, sole-worn boots thudding on the dusty road.
From the wagon seat came a belly laugh, and then the wagon groaned and toddled away.
The windows of Patrone’s office were dark when Paidraigh and his troops arrived at the garrison. Good. He’ll be cranky enough as it is without me rousting him out of bed. Paidraigh took off his boots and the belt that held his sword and plopped into his desk chair, propping his feet on the desk.
Paidraigh had just closed his eyes when the stone framing the fireplace shook, and the hardened mud between the stones cracked. He swung his feet off the desk and jumped to his feet as the robed woman squeezed out of the rocks.
Stepping forward, she pulled on a leather string around her neck. At the end of it hung a crystal amulet Paidraigh recognized as bearing the Knot of Warrant. “I seek the Enforcer.”
He’d seen more than one skyjumper, but he’d never seen one come out of a rock, and he’d never been this close to one. How was one supposed to address a Priestess of Warrant? “Most call me Paidraigh,” he said, tugging on the leather string around his own neck to produce an identical crystal amulet. “And you are?”
“Moira.”
“And to what do I owe the pleasure of your visit, Moira?” Gods, how awkward.
Moira pulled her hood back, exposing golden hair with a white streak, a gaunt face with a sharp nose and eyes as green as the gem atop her staff. “May I?” she asked, nodding at a rigid chair on the visitors’ side of Paidraigh’s desk.
Paidraigh started. “I apologize. Please sit,” he said, motioning to the chair. While Moira settled onto the chair, he looked around at the sparsely filled room. Until now, he hadn’t really noticed all that it didn’t have, like a comfortable cushion. “As you can see, I’ve not much to offer in the way of comforts, but I can make tea if you are in no hurry.” Thanks to a dependable Private working to attain rank, he’d arrived to a toasty room and well-stoked fire.
“Thank you, but no. I have come on business and must soon leave.”
“And what business would that be?” However one was supposed to speak to a Priestess of Warrant, Paidraigh was pretty sure this wasn’t it. He was starting to hate hearing his own voice.
“We have an assignment for you.”
Paidraigh rubbed his amulet. Bless the Saints!
Chapter Twelve

Foreign


Stepping into the sunlight was jarring. The noises of the busy port assaulted ears accustomed to the relative quiet in the hold. From every direction except the sea came the clangs of heavy chains and anchors, creaks and groans of wood, the shouts of traders directing the movement of freight, and the sing-song yells of orders to crews raising sails. Tearful goodbyes blended with welcome cheers. The port was pure cacophony.
Tell led the trio past the warriors, who stood on the deck talking amongst themselves in low whispers. Under one arm, Lan carried the small chest, its creases now filled with flour. Once they stepped off the ship and onto the docks, Gráinne heard him exhale.
Lan turned to Tell and spoke through gritted teeth. “We will send word where you can find us once we have secured rooms. You can have our trunks delivered.”
Caera and Lan continued to walk toward the town, Lan leading the way. Tell remained next to the ship.
Gráinne lagged behind the other two and stopped when she reached Tell. “They are not pleased with our bargain?” she asked him, nodding toward his companions.
Tell shrugged and stared at Lan’s and Caera’s backs as the pair moved farther away. “I honour my word. You had best catch up with the others,” he said, avoiding eye contact with her.
Gráinne stretched her stride to catch up with her companions. When she reached Lan and Caera, she looked back, smiling. Tell Bravin was gone. Gráinne’s smile faded, and she fell in line with her companions.
The trio made their way through the busy dock district and into the town square. Traders yelled at merchants. Merchants yelled back. The smell of fish and unbathed crews floated in the air. The marketplace in the town square, though also crowded, churned mildly in comparison. Children’s laughter tinkled as they chased each other, weaving in and out of the shoppes.
The smells of pastries and other delicacies made the next two hours barely tolerable. Lan’s pockets were empty, as was Caera’s apron. Gráinne hadn’t carried coins with her since she was a young woman roaming the marketplace with her cousin. The trio dared not open the chest in public, no matter their hunger, so their stomachs rumbled and taunted them while Lan spoke with one merchant after another until he found one who took them to a respectable inn located in a quiet part of town.
At the Port Firth Inn, the trio met its roly poly innkeeper, a human named John Baston. Freckles speckled his shiny nose and rosy cheeks, toning them down, while sun-bleached strands of blonde, obversely, lit up his dull brown hair. His soft belly jostled when he walked and when he laughed, which was often. John found humor in everything and asked no questions, the latter of which suited Gráinne just fine.
Lan paid the innkeeper for two rooms, one for the females and one for himself. “We need to send a message to someone at the docks.”
“Riley!” the innkeeper shouted.
A lanky boy of ten years with cheeks as rosy as his father’s appeared in the doorway. “Aye, Papa?”
Lan spoke up. “Find Tell Bravin, the Captain of the ship that docked this morning, and tell him we have found lodging at your father’s inn.”
“Aye,” the boy replied.
The most pressing business taken care of, Lan suggested they eat and decide on a plan of action. Their trunks arrived during the meal, and Lan left the dining hall to direct their placement. When he returned, they resumed planning in private, interrupted only once when the innkeeper’s chunky wife, Marta, appeared from the kitchen with apple tarts fresh from the morning’s market. Noon slipped into late afternoon.
By the time they’d finished the apple tarts, the three had agreed on plans for the current and next day. In the morning, Lan would go with Tell to the Harbour Master to investigate hiring a larger ship. Caera and Gráinne would stay together and visit the guild houses, the most likely places to find tradesmen. They would spend the remainder of the evening and night bathing and fulfilling their longing to lie in soft, unmoving beds.
The last of the three to bathe, Gráinne took a deep breath, drawing in air heavy with steam and the scent of lavender Marta had added to the bath. The lavender masked the smell of sea salt that had melted off her skin and into the water. As she slid her arms into the white cotton sleeping gown, she savored its light weight and softness. She’d never considered a sleeping gown a luxury until she’d slept in heavy dresses and riding gear in her own bed and aboard the ship. She left the bathing room reluctantly and tiptoed into the room she and Caera shared. The cook, asleep in the bed farthest from the door, breathed quietly, her shoulders rising and falling in a peaceful rhythm. Gráinne crawled under the quilt in her own bed and settled her head on the feather pillow. Through a crack in the heavy drapes that Marta had drawn when she made down the beds for the night, Gráinne saw a sliver of the moon. Its buttery fullness had already begun to wane. “Mother, help me find them,” she whispered, drifting off to sleep.
It was the first time Gráinne had dreamed since she’d had the visions during Slyxx’s attacks. Although she recognized what she saw as a dream, she also had the certain feeling that awakening from it wouldn’t happen until the dream was finished. She was its captive, held somewhere between sleep and consciousness.
***
Dressed in the sleeping gown, she stood in a forest meadow, her bare feet hidden by swaying dense ferns tickling her calves. A woman dressed in a white robe stepped into the clearing. She had perfectly matching warm, chestnut brown eyes and hair. “Let us walk, child,” the woman spoke. Her tone was as comforting as the stillness of the forest. The two walked slowly, side-by-side, until they came to a small brook. It trickled over pebbles, its path widening and narrowing as it carved its way past foliage and trees.
“You have determination,” the woman said. “It comes naturally to our kind, in more ways for some than for others. You will never have your cousin’s diversity.” The woman looked into Gráinne’s eyes and smiled. “Nor need you have it to do what you must. And that is what you must leave behind, Morgraine. To do what you must.”
Gráinne thought about her cousin, who Shifted unreservedly. In their play, Gráinne had seen Annie change into a panther, a crow, a calico cat, a falcon, a dapple mare, a mouse, and even a giant butterfly with orange wings and black spots. She suspected Annie could Shift into any creature, and she envied that gift. To understate the truth, Gráinne’s ability to Shift was limited. While her cousin could choose which animal to become and do so gracefully, Gráinne’s Shifting occurred only when she felt enraged or threatened. Even then, the Shift occurred awkwardly and sometimes failed or wore off. More than once Gráinne had found her human form falling from a tree limb her liger form had climbed.
“You have your own gifts,” the woman continued, “and you must find them and choose how to use them. You are what your mother chose.”
Gráinne felt she’d had this discussion before. “I do not understand.”
The woman smiled again and continued walking, following the brook’s winding path. Gráinne walked beside her. When the robed figure stopped and looked down, so did Gráinne.
In the brook, a bright red ladybug with playful green spots on her back crept along atop a small pebble. A stronger trickle of water suddenly rolled the pebble, and the ladybug fell into the water. Gráinne gasped and bent to retrieve the bug, which struggled to stay afloat. The woman’s hand forcefully grasped her arm.
“Save her, but do not put your hand in the water.”
Gráinne’s face twisted into the horror she felt at such cruelty. Her gaze searched for a twig the ladybug could climb onto, but she saw none. Panic seized her.
“Concentrate. Move the water away from her,” the woman said.
Gráinne took a deep breath and pulled her arm out of the woman’s grasp. She turned her palms face up over the brook and slowly began to move her arms upward. Unsure of why she was doing what she was doing, a feeling nagged her that it was the right thing to do. Her eyes widened as she saw droplets of water rising and becoming mist.
The ladybug, flipped onto its back by the current, struggled to right itself, but was still drowning.
Gráinne strained to concentrate on moving more of the water. The brook responded as its trickle bowed and curved over the ladybug, flowing through Gráinne’s hands and leaving the creature in a dry bed. Gráinne held her breath as she waited for the ladybug to move.
It didn’t.
“All living things must choose their paths,” the woman said.
Gráinne lost her concentration, and the water crashed into the dry bed, washing the insect into the torrent. “The ladybug chose to drown?” she snapped.
“No, child,” the woman answered patiently. “She chose to give you a chance to learn.”
***
Gráinne awoke with a start.
“Good morning, ma’am.”
Gráinne turned her head to see Caera standing near the window, peering out through the crack in the drapes.
“I hope I did not wake you. You were sleeping so peacefully.”
Gráinne felt anything but peaceful. She seethed with anger, but she couldn’t explain to Caera why and saw no reason to take out her anger on the cook. She feigned a smile and rose from the bed. “There is much to do today. I will be down for breakfast, and then we will set off.”
Caera took the hint and left the room carrying with her a small purse on a string.
Gráinne dressed in a gown she considered moderate, neither too rich nor too simple. The only guests in the inn, Marta had told them she would leave breakfast in the kitchen, so Gráinne went in search of the kitchen. Lan and Caera had just finished their breakfasts when she peered around the door into the room. Not particularly hungry, she took a seat and drank a glass of milk. A speckled apple in a bowl on the table tempted her, so she scooped it up and chomped on it. “I will need some silver to carry with me. Just a small amount,” she said to Lan. She wasn’t sure they’d be anywhere near the marketplace by the time hunger hit her, but if so, she didn’t want a repeat of the previous day’s frustration over an inability to buy food.
Lan reached into his pocket and pulled out a purple cloth pouch, dangling it in front of her by the strings that drew it closed. “Put this somewhere out of sight,” he said, flashing a glance at her bosom.
Caera piped up, “I can carry it in my apron if you would like.” She patted the front pocket of the green apron tied around the waist of a crimson dress with green trim at the neck, cuffs, and hem.
“That might be best,” Gráinne pulled at the scooped neck of her dress and looked down.
“It would just fall through.” Caera giggled.
Lan tossed the pouch onto the table as if it were tainted, sending Caera and Gráinne into fits of laughter.
As planned, Lan set off to meet Tell, and the two females headed toward the town center, following the directions John had given them. Along the way, they marveled at the neat rows of houses, some with little shoppes at ground level and fluffy coverlets gasping for air as they lay draped across the window sills of living spaces above the shoppes. They passed children playing in gardens while their mothers beat rugs hanging over ropes stretched taut between wooden posts. Some of the mothers nodded or smiled as the strangers strolled by them. Others eyed the pair cautiously, casting watchful glances toward their children. The latter reminded Gráinne of the woman and child she’d seen trampled by the mercenary’s steed in Incorrigible. She wondered if she had known them.
The mason’s guild was their first stop. A looming stone structure, the hall itself presented a fine example of the detailed work of well-trained masons. A layered stone arch made of three rows of carvings framed its door. The first row had reliefs of masons doing the tasks of their trade—hauling stone, breaking up large boulders, chiseling, and building walls. The second row had reliefs of public figures associated with justice in one form or another, such as magistrates, jailers, councilmen, and executioners. The final row had reliefs of religious figures performing rituals with incense and candles, blessing babies, and saying prayers over the dead. All the figures were males, and none had hair, or if they did, their hats hid it from view.
The hair on Gráinne’s neck stood on end as they passed through the archway. No more than two steps inside, a gruff male—bald, lanky, with pointy ears, and not much taller than John’s ten year-old son—met them.
“You need somethin’?” he barked.
Caera stopped and looked at Gráinne.
Towering over the man, Gráinne looked down at him and smiled sweetly, though she wanted to smack the top of his bald head for his rudeness. “Aye, we were just admiring the stonework. It is beautiful.”
“So, whaddoo you want?” he replied as if she’d not spoken a word.
If pleasantry didn’t work, then Gráinne would have to try another method of getting what she needed. “We have come to speak to the Guild Master about masons seeking work,” she replied with an air of formality.
“He ain’t here.”
Gráinne took a slow breath before speaking again. “Have you any idea where we might find him?”
“No.”
Gráinne’s patience thinned with the man’s rudeness. “When will he return?”
“Id’n know.”
Hold your tongue, Ginny. “Who does?” she asked more sharply.
“Id’n know.”
That was it. She’d had it with the little man. Gráinne bent down and stared him straight in his beady eyes. “Just what do you know?”
“I know you’re womenfolk,” he said, gesturing wildly at them and stepping back, “and I know you’re not s’posed to be in here! That’s what I know!”
The words stunned Gráinne. She straightened up and looked at Caera. “We are leaving. Somewhere there are masons who do want to work.” She turned, angry and frustrated, and bumped into the body of a male her size. His presence startled her, and she wondered how long he’d been standing there.
“Is there a problem?” he asked, leaning around Gráinne to see the gruff man.
“These here ladies were lookin’ for you.”
When the man straightened and looked up, his eyes met Gráinne’s mere inches away, staring directly into his eyes and clearly not pleased. He stepped back and gave a slight bow from the waist. “I am Marlot, the Guild Master. How may I help you?”
The little man interrupted. “You’re gunna let ‘em stay in here?”
Gráinne waited for an answer and watched Marlot’s reaction. She wanted to know what this Marlot thought about womenfolk in the guild hall.
He motioned toward the archway. “Perhaps we should speak outside.”
Gráinne summoned the sweetest smile she could and thought about the Enchantress whose voice she’d loved enough to spend time training her own voice to imitate it, much to the dismay of her parents and grandparents. “As tempting as that is, Guild Master Marlot,” she said, seduction infusing every syllable, particularly his name. She took Caera by the hand and dropped the imitation. “I think not.” Gráinne sidestepped Marlot and practically marched through the archway. She continued down the road to the next guild house with Caera in tow, both furious. “How dare they!”
“Maybe we should send Lan?” Caera squeaked out.
Gráinne dropped Caera’s hand, no longer angry because shock had replaced the fury she felt at the treatment they’d received. “Caera, you cannot mean that.”
“I just think if we want masons, we might need to send Lan to negotiate with them.”
“We . . . Incorrigible . . . does not need masons like those, Caera. The women of Incorrigible do not need men like those men. That is the same kind of treatment my ancestors fled during the Sieges, except then it was Shifters who could not enter places, conduct trade, or even handfast with another Shifter without permission.”
“I am sorry, ma’am. I should have realized,” Caera said, looking down.
Gráinne simply could not remain angry with Caera. “You stood up to Lan when he tried to stop me from coming on the ship. Why would you let those men control us?”
“They would be working for us, ma’am. It seems a minor point who hires them. Besides, Lan is a good negotiator.”
Gráinne could understand Caera’s logic, but something about it didn’t feel right. She didn’t want to make Caera feel bad. She could appreciate the cook’s focus on gaining what they needed, but Gráinne couldn’t accept men treating women as the masons had just treated them. She’d have to find other means of meeting their needs. “I see your point. How is this then? If we cannot find masons to do the work, we will send Lan to speak to Marlot and his troll. But . . . we look for others first?”
Caera giggled. “He did look like a troll.”
Gráinne nodded and laughed, setting her fingers atop her ears in imitation of the gruff little man.
By shortly after noon, Gráinne and Caera had visited the guilds of carpenters, metalsmiths, and glass makers. They received the same reception in every guild hall. The message was clear: womenfolk are not welcome here.
After their last discouraging encounter at the glass makers’ guild hall, Gráinne turned to Caera and said, “We need food, something sweet and succulent. The marketplace!” Her eyes lit up, as did Caera’s.
On the way to the town square, a thought dawned on Gráinne. “We may have restricted our search unnecessarily. Might some craftsmen have no affiliations with the guilds?”
“Perhaps.”
“Where would we find such men?”
“We could ask some of the merchants. Maybe they know.”
“That is a splendid idea.” It was another good reason to walk about the marketplace, Gráinne thought, as if she needed some kind of justification for the gluttony her empty tummy tempted her to consider.
For almost two hours, the pair roamed from stall to stall in the marketplace, but to no avail. If there were free tradesmen to be found in Port Firth, nobody was revealing that fact. Finally, they turned their attention to picking out some of the delicacies they’d smelled the day before. They stood near the pastry merchant’s kiosk, out of the way of the roving crowd, and nibbled on sugar-coated gooseberry tarts. They talked about the gowns some of the women wore and about the variety of beings in the town, some of whom were obviously just visitors, judging from the processions of trunk-bearing servants following them. Above the crowd, Gráinne caught sight of the back of a male with long, flaming red hair and broad shoulders sun-darkened to a deep bronze. She couldn’t take her eyes off of him. Something about him seemed familiar.
The male stopped walking just as Gráinne choked on the pastry she’d gobbled wholeheartedly and ducked behind the stall to cough out the chunk in her throat without anyone seeing. When she returned to Caera’s side, the man was gone.
Over supper, Lan described his visit to the Harbour Master’s office. “Tell would have settled for the first offer. I suspect he had already spoken to the Harbour Master and made a deal before I arrived,” Lan scoffed. “But I kept asking questions. And lo and behold, the Harbour Master told us a ship will arrive in a week. It is not for hire. It is for sale!”
“Do we have enough silver to buy a ship?” Gráinne thought it impossible that they did.
“Well, that is the thing, you see. Tell dismissed the possibility immediately and pushed for the Harbour Master to locate a ship for hire. But, I thought, why hire a ship when we can buy one?”
Gráinne frowned. “I still do not understand. How can we buy a ship if we do not have enough silver to pay for it?”
Lan’s excitement built. “A trading company owns the ship, which has had some rather . . . bad luck,” he began.
“Bad luck?” Caera asked, apprehension lifting her eyebrows.
“Yes. Well, that is what they say anyway,” Lan replied. “I am not certain it was bad luck, though. The ship ran aground a sand bar off the shore of Librar and was stuck there for some time before the tides changed, and it finally was able to sail again. That sounds more to me like bad navigation than bad luck.”
“Did you say ‘Librar’?” Gráinne asked.
“Yes. Is that important, woman? Are you going to listen to me? I have found a way to get what we need, and you are obsessing over silly details.”
Gráinne shook her head. “No, it is not important.”
“The Cailleach Bheur has a scheduled delivery of goods already overdue as the result of the delay. She was supposed to pick up the goods here and deliver them to another port, but the Captain of the ship has resigned and refuses to complete the contract. He says the ship is cursed and has not had a day of smooth sailing since she set sail the first time. The trading company has no other Captains who will take the ship and deliver the cargo.”
Half of Caera’s face twisted into skepticism. “Are you sure it is not cursed?”
Gráinne hadn’t heard anything after the name of the ship and the place where it had run aground. Her pulse raced, and her heartbeat thudded in her ears. Surely, it is a sign from the Goddess.
“Are you not going to ask me how we can sail a ship without a Captain? Gráinne!” Lan snapped. “Did you hear a word I said?”
She nodded.
Lan threw up his hands. “No, you did not.” He leaned across the table and lowered his voice. “Do you want settlers or not?”
Gráinne took a deep breath and nodded. “I am listening.”
“I have not completed all the necessary calculations. If we are thrifty, I believe we can buy the supplies needed to sail and pay for a crew to fulfill the delivery contract, though I will need to negotiate a higher price for it. Given the position the trading company is in now, I do not believe obtaining a higher price for the contract will prove difficult. With payment for the contract, we may have enough silver left to buy the four horses and the ship if . . . ,” he hesitated and swallowed. “If we charge the passengers for the journey to Incorrigible,” he sputtered.
Gráinne wrinkled her brow. Lan didn’t yet know about their failures at the guild halls. “I do not know, Lan. Settlers may not wish to come with us if they have to pay for the journey.”
Caera chimed in. “And you said the ship has no Captain. Who would sail it?”
“The Cailleach Bheur will not make port for another week. We have time to consider all the options, but we will need to know how many passengers she will carry. How many tradesmen did you find at the guild halls?”
Caera and Gráinne looked at each other, and the cook cleared her throat. Gráinne spoke up. “We were met with something less than a warm welcome at the guild halls. I fear we will need to find tradesmen not associated with the guilds.”
“Not in this town,” John’s voice interceded. A belly laugh followed as the innkeeper set a jug of wine on the table and plopped into a chair. “Mind you, I’m not saying it’s right, but it’s the way things are.” He poured himself a goblet of wine and guzzled it.
Gráinne’s heart sank. “Every tradesman in Port Firth is a member of a guild?”
“Yep,” John replied. He poured himself another goblet of wine and took a swig before continuing. “Of course, there are some folk who aren’t in Port Firth.”
“What do you mean? In other towns?” Lan asked.
“Nooooooooooo,” he replied. “Outside of town. The nomads. They’ve got tradesmen aplenty, I’d guess. They came to town trying to sell their wares and find work, but the guilds wouldn’t stand for that. No sir. They ran them right back out to where they came from!” John took another large gulp of the wine.
Gráinne’s heart leapt. “Can you take us to these nomads?”
“Noooooooooooooo,” the innkeeper answered with a slow, protracted shake of his head.
Gráinne realized John had to live in Port Firth and that life could become very difficult for him if the guilds so desired. She understood why he wouldn’t risk his family’s well-being for strangers. “I understand.”
“But I can draw you a map you can follow to get to ‘em,” the big man added and then let loose a hearty laugh.
Gráinne grinned and filled John’s goblet with more wine.
Chapter Thirteen

Hopeful


Gráinne stood at the window looking out at the waning moon. Its buttery hue reminded her of the daisies she and Annie had picked for the castle. The trophies of their hunt had been so numerous they’d filled every vase and urn in the castle, and then some. Determined not to waste a single stem, leaf, or petal, they’d resorted to filling copper pots, wine jugs, and even their grandmother’s chamber pot. Grandmother Alanna had not been amused. Gráinne smiled at the memory of the look on her grandmother’s face just before the two mischief makers had run away to avoid Grandmother’s tongue-lashing. They’d hidden under the stairs in the cellar and giggled until Grandfather Riordan had calmed down his livid wife. Nobody in the castle had dared say the words “chamber pot” for months thereafter, and it was a full year before daisies were added to any of the flower arrangements. Years later, when a suitor gave Annie a bouquet of daisies, the two young women had laughed so hard they cried. The poor suitor had been befuddled about the humor in his heartfelt gift.
Gráinne closed the drapes and tiptoed to her bed, careful not to wake Caera. As soon as she slipped under the quilt and put her head on the pillow, the day’s events intruded on her serenity. Gráinne turned her thoughts to all that had happened in their first full day in Port Firth. The guild halls had closed one door of possibility, but John’s disclosure had opened another. At least there was still hope they’d find tradesmen without needing to travel much farther. Lan had learned there were ships for hire. He’d also learned there was a ship for sale, and its name was one Gráinne had heard before. When her father travelled, her mother made an offering to the Goddess for safe passage, and it was Cailleach Bheur she called upon to hold back storms and send fair winds. That the ship being offered for sale was directly owing to it having been stranded in Librar, the home of the scroll collector who had helped her discover that the Priestesses of Warrant were Shifters, seemed like more than coincidence. Perhaps there was a message in the complexity of all that had happened, in all of the coincidences. Perhaps there was an answer to her prayer for help. If so, clarity still escaped her. She drifted off to sleep with a whisper, “Help me learn what I need to know, Mother.”
Morning came too soon, but Gráinne awoke to the same scene as the day before. Caera was at the window looking out onto the morning landscape. “Good morning,” she said, smiling brightly. Gráinne thought it looked as if the sun had beamed down on Caera, who was dressed in a yellow and white frock.
“Good morning,” she replied.
“Are we going to visit the nomads today?”
Gráinne stretched and yawned, still sleepy because she hadn’t rested well through the night. “I thought we might. No need to delay.”
Caera nodded.
“What do you think about all of this?” Gráinne wasn’t sure why she hadn’t thought to ask Caera before now. The woman always took a practical perspective, and perhaps a practical perspective was the best course.
“You want to know what I think?” Caera seemed surprised. “Well,” she began, looking up as if thinking. “We could send Lan to the guild halls. I suspect he would get a similar response, now that I have thought about it, though. He is not manly enough for that lot. We could send Tell. If Lan is right about him, though, he would make a deal not in our best interests. So, I say the nomads are our best choice for now. Besides, it will be fun to take a short trip to the country, just to see what lies beyond this town. Maybe they have heard about survivors from Incorrigible.” She spoke with confidence, but then added with a hint of apprehension, “It just seems it would do no harm.”
Gráinne threw back the quilt and rose from the bed. Caera had finally spoken about Incorrigible and with the hope for survivors. “No, it will do no harm.”
At breakfast, Lan, Caera, and Gráinne went over the map John had drawn for them and discussed their plan for the excursion. Judging from the distance on the map, they had plenty of time to get to the nomad camp and back again before dark if they didn’t dally too long.
“I will be ready to leave shortly,” Lan said, scurrying up the stairs.
When he descended the staircase in the outfit that made him look fierce, Caera’s mouth fell open and then snapped shut.
Gráinne laughed and whispered to her, “Not such a gentle kitty, is he? Wait until you see him run.”
The trio set off in the direction of the camp, Caera casting occasional glances at Lan.
The crowded houses of Port Firth thinned into scattered cottages for the first mile the trio travelled along the road. The next mile was speckled with fields of wheat and oats and pastures where cattle and horses grazed behind fences made of tree limbs crisscrossed and slid into slots in poles driven into the ground. Animals on the side of the road nearest Lan shied away from the fence as he passed them. Lan grumpily mumbled under his breath each time it happened. Caera and Gráinne exchanged glances but said nothing. Rather, they pointed out interesting formations in rocks or looked the other way so that Lan wouldn’t see them holding back grins. At two and a half miles along the road, the landscape began to change from flat fields to rolling hills, and at three miles, the trio topped a small hill to find a forest on the other side. They stopped, and Lan studied the map.
“We are here,” he said, pointing to the shape that looked like a bump in the road. “There is the path to the cave of the nomads.” His finger followed the path and stopped on the X that John had drawn to indicate the encampment. “Watch for the path. It should not be far.”
It wasn’t. Neither were the nomad scouts.
Lan stopped first, his ears twisting.
The creak of bows under tension caught the trio’s attention. The twang of arrows being notched was distinct, and the two females stopped abruptly.
“Who goes there, and what do you want?” a male voice called out from behind a row of dense bushes.
Gráinne replied. “We are travellers to Port Firth. We have come to speak with your leaders about settling elsewhere. We are peaceful.”
“You want to drive us out of our home here, too?” a male called back.
Gráinne winced. She’d made a bad choice of words. “No, no. That is not what I meant. We want to offer you refuge in my homeland.”
“We’re not interested.”
“How do you know you are not interested until you have heard our proposal?” she yelled back at him, turning to face the direction of the voice. “Are you the leader of the nomads?”
A tall, thin male with silky complexion stepped through the bushes. His bow trained on Gráinne, he remained near the dense shrubs as if poised to fire and disappear back into them. His features were finely carved, and he had pointed ears close to his head. They stood straight up through his long, white hair. Unlike Lan’s ears, the bowman’s didn’t seem to move. “We aren’t nomads. We live here in the woods.”
“We heard you live in a cave.”
The male tilted his head to the side and studied Gráinne. “What’s your name?”
Gráinne laughed. “Gráinne. Gráinne Roisin Ferrane MacKenna Seetan, Marquessa of Vandovir.”
Lan cleared his throat and tossed Gráinne a dirty look that screamed “Shut up, woman!”
An arrow tumbled out of the bushes. Behind it—amid the cracking of broken branches and a flurry of “ouches”—came a scruffy Dwarf. “Gráinne? Gráinne MacKenna, daughter of Arianna Ferrane?”
Gráinne knew the voice, and its owner knew her. “Goddess be praised,” she cried out as she saw the Dwarf. “Caleb! Caleb the blacksmith! Is that really you?” She smiled as brightly as Caera had that morning.
The dwarf hobbled over to her, pulling branches off his dark blue tunic and out of his wide belt. He tossed them aside with one hand while the other dragged a bow haphazardly along the ground behind him. When he finally got near Gráinne, he bent on one knee. “Your Majesty.”
Gráinne was mortified. She reached down and lifted him off his knee. “No, please. Just Gráinne. I am no majesty. You are a sight for sore eyes, Caleb.”
“But you’re the daughter of Arianna. I heard what happened. I’m sorry. Your mum treated me well,” he said, his eyes filled with genuine sadness. Then he smiled and added, “So that makes you . . . .”
“Gráinne,” she interrupted. “Just Gráinne.”
“What’s going on here, Caleb,” the tall male asked as he approached the pair. “You know this woman?”
“Aye. She’s from the land where I once lived. Incorrigible.” Spoken from Caleb’s tongue, the name of her homeland made Gráinne want to cry.
Lan cleared his throat. “Might I request that we proceed to the cave?”
Caleb nodded his oversized head toward Lan and gave Gráinne a questioning look.
“This is Lan Noire,” she said. “He is my . . . guard. He has been assisting me in . . . .” She gave up her explanation. “It is a long story, Caleb, one best told near the fire.” She motioned toward the cook. “And this is Caera,” she said, leaning down toward Caleb and wiggling her eyebrows, “who can cook a stew and bread that will turn any being into a glutton.”
 Caleb slapped his knee and belted out a laugh. Turning to the tall male, he said, “It’s safe to bring ‘em to the cave, Jarrod. I’ll stand for ‘em.”
Jarrod waited a few seconds, as if considering the idea, and then turned and walked in long strides deeper into the woods. “Come on then,” he called behind him.
From out of the bushes, a variety of beings appeared, all with bows in hand. Gráinne and her companions were already scrambling to catch up with Jarrod as the other scouts closed in behind them.
The entrance to the cave reminded Gráinne of the hole in Tell’s ship, the one that led down to the hold, except the entrance was hidden by a moss- and leaf-covered-plank. Gráinne didn’t see it until Jarrod stopped and pushed it to one side.
“This way,” he said, disappearing down the hole on a ladder.
Gráinne was the first to follow Jarrod. As soon as she started down the ladder, she could feel the pull of its verticalness and height. She wanted to lean back to compensate but kept her body close to the wooden rungs. Looking up, she saw the bright yellow of the cook’s frock. Panic seized her that Caera might fall and take them both crashing down Goddess knew how far. She yelled up, “Lean into the rungs of the ladder, Caera.” The echo bounced around the cave and then died. Tempted to look behind her to see how far down the cave floor was, Gráinne resisted for fear she’d lose her nerve on the ladder. It was a smart move on her part, as she counted a hundred rungs before her feet hit solid ground.
Jarrod set off again, torch in hand taken from a cave wall, but Gráinne waited for the others. Almost immediately after Caera made it down the ladder, Lan hopped down, not bothering to climb down the last twenty rungs. Caera brushed at her skirt, straightening it, and Jarrod called out impatiently, “Come on. This way.”
Gráinne wondered if he always moved at such an unrelenting pace. Even with her long legs, she found it difficult to keep up with him. She couldn’t imagine how petite Caera managed without running or becoming short out of breath. And Lan . . . well, Lan was a cat.
The party passed through a narrow tunnel at one end of the cave, barely tall enough for Jarrod to stand upright and wide enough for only one being at a time. It reminded Gráinne of the pathway to the castle. They exited into a dimly lit, large cave that smelled of food and fresh water. Ladders leading to small holes lined the cave’s walls. Filling the cave were concentric rings of huts made of sticks and tents made of stretched animal skins and furs. Outside the structures, cooking pots hung from metal tripods over open fires. In the center of the innermost ring was an open space with a pile of burned wood in the middle of it. Around the open space was a ring of boulders. Gráinne assumed it was a meeting place. At the rear of the cave was a waterfall cascading from a rock that jutted out of the cave wall. Below it was the bluest pond Gráinne had ever seen. Near the pond was a cluster of boulders and large rocks.
Jarrod led the group into the open space in the center of the cave. As they passed the huts and tents, eyes peered out at them. “Wait here,” Jarrod said before disappearing behind one of the huts.
Gráinne turned to Caleb. “Does he ever say anything except ‘wait here’ and ‘this way’?”
Laughter rolled out of the Dwarf. “Not often. He’s gone to get the leader.”
Minutes ticked away, and the eyes continued to watch Gráinne and her companions. The scouts put down their bows and clustered into a squatted group. A young male who looked a little like Jarrod, tall and lanky with pointed ears, pulled something from his pocket and threw it on the ground. The others began to yell numbers and draw silver pieces from their pockets and belts.
“What are they doing?” Gráinne asked.
Caleb shook his head. “Wastin’ their lives and coins.”
Gráinne looked confused.
“They’re betting silver pieces on which number will appear when the next one throws the die. After that, two will throw their die at once, and then three, and on and on.” Caleb shook his head again and made a disgusted face.
“Why do they do this?”
Caleb shrugged. “They’re young and bored. They had to stay behind when the last trading party left. Someone has to protect the cave, and the traders won’t return for at least a moon. It’s a long walk to the next town. They’ll each get two silver pieces for staying here. It’s not very profitable, but we all take our turns.”
Gráinne remembered what John had said about the nomad tradesmen being run out of town.
Her nose sniffing the air, Caera wandered over to a little hut and leaned to look inside the cooking pot hanging over the fire in front of it. A female with dark hair tied up like the tail of a horse stepped out of the lean-to. She was barefoot and wearing a fur that wrapped around her, covering her from breastbone to knee. “That’s ours,” she snapped at Caera, who looked up in surprise.
“Oh. I was not going to touch it. I just wanted to smell it.” Caera replied.
The woman glared at Caera. “You from Port Firth?”
Caera shook her head. “No. We come from an island across the sea. I do not even like Port Firth,” she replied. “Except for the marketplace, of course. Some of the food there is divine. Have you seen it?”
A little girl with mud smudges on one cheek peeked out from behind the woman’s muscular legs. “I have,” she said. The woman swatted at the little girl, who ducked and darted back into the hut, but continued to stand in the doorway.
Caera leaned over the pot and drew in a long breath through her nose. She sniffed a couple of more times and then asked, “Is that rabbit?”
The woman nodded.
Caera smiled. “It smells delicious. I saw some mushrooms in the forest that would add a nutty flavor to your stew.”
The woman cocked her head and rubbed her chin as if thinking about what the resulting flavor would be.
“They are only twenty paces from the cave entrance. Twenty paces toward the big rock with ferns at its base, that is.”
The woman nodded and went back inside her hut. Caera returned to the group and stood near Lan, rocking on her heels. A few minutes later, the woman and little girl, basket in hand, exited the hut. The mother lit a torch using the fire from under her cooking pot, took the little girl by the hand, and set off in the direction from which Gráinne’s party had come.
Gráinne thought Caera looked pleased with herself.
“You’ve come to speak with me?”
She whirled around, startled by the unexpected deep bass voice, and found herself looking up. Far up. The leader was a Bovan with horns that curled not once but twice. Her throat felt restricted as she spoke, “Y . . . yes. I . . . we . . . have.”
He grinned at her, exposing his flat teeth.
Remembering she hadn’t noticed what the Bovan in Vandovir had eaten at the feast, Gráinne wondered if this one could eat meat with such flat teeth.
“Shall we sit then?” He turned and led her to an area scattered with boulders.
Unlike the crude beast who had slapped Caera’s behind, this one displayed courteousness and a refined sense of formality. Nonetheless, Gráinne looked behind her to make sure that Lan and Caera and Caleb were following. She couldn’t get her husband’s words about Bovan endowment out of her head.
“Are you seeking asylum?” he asked.
Gráinne shook her head. “No. We have come in search of those who wish to practice their trades.” Sitting, he was less intimidating than when he stood.
The Bovan eyed Gráinne, which made her want to shift uncomfortably on the rock. “I am called Brodar. Jarrod tells me Caleb knows you.”
“Yes. He was the blacksmith in the village near the home of my family. He shoed the horse my father gave me.”
“Jarrod said he couldn’t remember your name.”
Gráinne blushed. “I apologize. I am called Gráinne.”
“Gráinne,” Brodar repeated. “Welcome to our humble home.”
Looking around, she replied, “It is really quite magnificent. I have never seen a cave this size.”
Brodar laughed. “This is but one of many caves and tunnels. One easily could get lost in the land beneath the forest.”
“That is what you call this place? The land beneath the forest?”
Brodar laughed again. “No. Some call it home. Others call it the encampment. Still others call it the netherworld. I suppose its name depends on the namer’s view of being here.”
 “I understand,” she replied, thinking of how Vandovir, for all its beauty, never felt like home.
“Your search for the trades. It has brought you a long way if you are from the land of Caleb.”
Gráinne nodded and took a deep breath. “It has, indeed. We hope to find those with skills in the trades and farmers and merchants and families who will want to journey back with us.” She swallowed. “And remain.”
“I don’t wish to discourage you, Gráinne, but why should those who are here come with you? I can’t speak for others, but one might be wise to be wary of such offers, given what has happened to your realm.”
“That is a fair question,” Lan said, moving near Gráinne. He gave a short bow from the waist. “I am Lan Noire, administrator of Vandovir Estate and assistant to the Marquessa.”
Brodar sniffed the air and looked from the tips of Lan’s ears to the tips of his toes before saying, “You don’t look like an administrator.”
Lan’s tail fluffed.
Gráinne frowned.
The Bovan continued, “Marquessa?”
“Yes. Gráinne Roisin Ferrane MacKenna Seetan, Marquessa of Vandovir,” Lan replied.
Gráinne was impressed Lan could remember the whole name. She could barely remember it herself.
Brodar looked from Lan to Gráinne, who gave him a withering smile. The Bovan let out a laugh that echoed throughout the cave. “That’s a mouthful.”
Caera’s laughter tinkled from behind Gráinne, and the Bovan flashed his flat teeth at the cook. “Go on,” he said to Lan.
“Why should you come with us? I believe that was your question. The answer is that the Marquessa is in possession of an island currently without inhabitants. The villages and farms have been burned. She is willing to allow settlers to build their homes on the land.”
“What will this land cost?”
“The sweat from settlers’ brows. A promise of peaceful co-existence. Tolerance,” Gráinne said. “Honour.”
Brodar rose from the boulder. “Make your case tonight at the fires.” He lifted his hand in what Gráinne thought was a signal for an unseen watcher to approach.
“We had not planned to remain the night,” Lan stated flatly.
Brodar shrugged. “We had not planned to have guests.” He laughed. “Jarrod will lead the way to your quarters.”
Shush! We stay the night. “Thank you,” Gráinne said.
Jarrod’s voice sounded from behind the trio. “This way.” He led them back through the clearing and the populated area of the cave, weaving in and out of huts and tents, past fires and wash buckets and rope lines with wet clothes dangling on them.
Some of the cave’s residents had ventured out of their homes to watch silently with their children closely held as the quartet passed them. They reminded Gráinne of the watchful mothers of Port Firth, whose eyes shifted from the strangers to their own children and back again when she and Caera strolled past them. She didn’t blame them for protecting their young and wished she could say she’d aided the parents of Incorrigible in doing the same.
Chapter Fourteen

Empathetic


Their quarters turned out to be beyond a small hole in one of the cave’s walls. Gráinne had spotted the openings when they first entered the enormous chamber where the nomads lived. This time, however, she waited at the bottom of the ladder until Lan and Caera had climbed up and disappeared into the hole. As she neared the top of the ladder, she heard Caera’s voice filled with delight, “This is amazing. I have never seen anything like it!”
Their quarters were the size of the courtyard at Vandovir Estate. From the walls grew pale ferns and yellow ivy. Dyed rugs and pillows of every size and shape in jewel tones of amber, sapphire, and amethyst cluttered the floor of the cave. In the center of the space was a large metal bowl with chunks of firewood piled in its middle. From the ceiling, glass lanterns with ochre candles swayed on the ends of shiny chains.
Caera had spied them already. Pointing at one, she asked Jarrod, “Beeswax?”
“Yes.”
“Oh, marvelous! Then, you have honey!” She licked her lips and grabbed Lan by the hand. “There might be spiders. I am afraid of them. Are you?” she asked, the volume of her voice diminishing as the pair moved farther away from Jarrod and Gráinne.
For the first time since he’d stepped out from behind the bushes in the forest, Jarrod was close enough that Gráinne could get a closer look at his refined features. His ears and the silkiness of his hair and skin reminded her of her uncle Syldhen. From what she’d seen so far, he was as quiet and reserved. In the sleeping chambers, though, his posture was more relaxed. “How do the plants grow here?” Gráinne asked him.
Jarrod looked up, and Gráinne’s gaze followed to a crevice through which a think beam of light streamed into the dwelling. “Seeds float in through there. The walls of this chamber and some of the others are moist enough for the seedlings to sprout. The fire and light are enough to encourage growth.” He tilted his head as he looked at Gráinne. “Nature always survives.”
Gráinne felt comforted by that thought. “Please forgive me for asking, Jarrod, but are you an Elf?”
Jarrod smiled. “My father was an Elf from the Silver Order. My mother was Celestine.”
Was? He is an orphan like me. “Celestine?”
“Yes. A Celestine Cloud Nester from Arae.”
 Gráinne wrinkled her brow and shook her head. “I do not know what a Cloud Nester is.”
 “In my mother’s land, some Araens live among birds. They build their homes atop islands in the sky. From the ground, the islands look like clouds.”
“Islands in the sky? How can that be? Where is this land?”
“Arae is not like your land or this one or my father’s. It is far away. You cannot get there.”
“Why not?”
Jarrod looked up toward the crevice. “Arae is among the stars. It lies south of the Scorpion.”
The pulsing in Gráinne’s temples became more intense. “In the stars? Arae is in the Spirit Realm?”
Jarrod cracked a smile. “No. It is very much a physical world. I’ve never seen it, of course, but that is what my mother told me.”
“I see.” Gráinne nodded politely and smiled warmly at Jarrod, having decided that the poor half-Elf was either touched or that the loss of his mother had caused so much grief he’d found no other way to cope than to retreat into a fantasy. “Perhaps one day you will see it for yourself.”
Jarrod laughed. “Perhaps.” He turned his head toward Lan and Caera, who were approaching, having finished their exploration of the chamber. “I will return when the fires are kindled.”
Gráinne watched as Jarrod disappeared out of the hole and onto the ladder. “I am going to rest for a while. My head hurts.”
Lan and Caera left the chambers to explore the encampment, and Gráinne watched them as they left. It dawned on her that life outside the confines of Vandovir brought out something different in each of them, and they treated each other differently. Vandovir was oppressive in more ways than she’d considered, and she wondered if it was the place or its owner that made it so. As she lay down on one of the pillow-covered rugs near the center of the chamber, she looked up at the crevice. “A realm in the stars with islands in the sky,” she whispered. She wondered what such a place would be like, and she felt sad to think it was the product of Jarrod’s pain.
As promised, Jarrod returned to escort Gráinne to the fires once they had been lit. Lan and Caera had not returned by the time she had awakened, and now she was concerned about them. She descended the ladder and before Jarrod could set off and leave her behind, she touched his arm and asked, “Have you seen my companions?”
“Yes. They are at the fires. The cat is talking with Brodar. The woman is cooking.” Jarrod set off without warning. Gráinne’s stomach rumbled nervousness as she did her best to stay close to Jarrod. She hoped Lan wouldn’t say anything to taunt the Bovan. The image of a raging bull flashed through her mind and made her want to race toward the meeting place.
The encampment had come alive while she’d slept, and it was as racially diverse and busy as the marketplace in Port Firth. Deep in the bowels of the earth lived a community like many others. The inhabitants went about the business of daily living—cooking, eating, drinking, laughing, and sharpening tools. Their children played chase and hide-and-seek. Only the occasional set of eyes seemed to notice Gráinne. The vast majority paid little attention to either the half-Elf they probably knew or the tall female stranger who almost ran to keep up with him.
Lan and Brodar came into view across the clearing, and Brodar stood when he saw Gráinne. The fires, as Jarrod and Brodar had called them, were like the Sacred Day fires in Incorrigible—a bonfire around which beings danced, some dressed in elaborate costumes and others nude. Gráinne stopped to watch the dance. As the dancers circled, she noticed emerald markings on the body of one of the naked ones, a well-toned male with skin like that of a yellowish albino. The marks on his body resembled Lan’s tattoos, and she made a mental note to ask him what they meant if she saw him again. He would have looked like a bald human without the long, hairless tail that whipped around as he danced. Evenly spaced along its length were lumps that reminded her of knots in a climbing rope. She realized she was staring at him when his eyes met hers, and he coiled the tail around his waist, tip first in a motion that reminded her of a slithering snake.
“Quite exotic, isn’t he? He finds you attractive,” Brodar said.
Gráinne looked up at the Bovan, who now stood beside her. “How do you know that?”
“His tail. He’s trying to seduce you with it. Glendoque is quite the catch and a highly selective hunter. I doubt his wife would object. She seems indifferent to him, at best. But then, Lan has told me you have a husband already. I don’t suppose he would allow you to take lovers.” The pitch of his voice rose at the end of his sentence.
Gráinne looked back at the male dancer, whose tail now slithered around his thigh. He arched his spine and threw back his head. She forced herself to look at Brodar, realizing she felt mesmerized by the movement of the tail and the flexibility of the dancer. Her voice cracked as she spoke, “Lan. I saw the two of you talking.”
“Yes. He was telling me about your ship.”
Damn you, Lan! “Oh?” she replied, straining to keep agitation out of her voice. It annoyed her that Lan hadn’t consulted her before telling Brodar about the ship, and the urge to look at Glendoque amplified her annoyance.
“Yes. You should mention it when you speak to the clan leaders. Once the dancers have finished their tribute, the clan leaders will meet with us.”
“I should find Lan now, so he will be there to assist in answering questions.”
“You’ll find him just over there,” he said, pointing toward the boulders on which Brodar had sat the first time she met him.
“Thank you, Brodar.” She gave a polite nod of her head and started toward the direction the Bovan had indicated.
Brodar’s voice halted her. “You never answered my question, Gráinne.”
Gráinne looked over her shoulder and replied, “You never asked me one directly.”
The Bovan released a thunderous laugh, and Gráinne continued on her way. She passed near the circle of dancers just as Glendoque revolved to the spot closest to her. He turned to face her, and she saw for the first time that his eyes were reptilian, a shade of rich amber with golden starbursts. From parted lips slid a forked tongue, which flicked and then slipped back between Glendoque’s lips and behind his teeth. Then, he hissed at her, before continuing on in the revolution. Had he been a snake, it would have terrified her to see the eyes and tongue, to hear the hiss. She hated snakes. But he wasn’t a snake, and his hiss wasn’t terrifying. It was seductive, more seductive than any sound she’d heard. Gráinne wanted to run away from him, to make her legs move, but they wouldn’t until Glendoque disappeared behind the bonfire. Gráinne hurried to find Lan, all the while thinking of the dancer and becoming more and more agitated.
You. And. I. Need. To. Speak. Privately. Now. The hair on Gráinne’s neck stood on end; the voice in her head held an edge she’d not used with Lan before, even when she had snarled and growled at him in the kitchen.
“If you will excuse us,” Lan said to the two clan leaders with whom he’d been talking, “The Marquessa and I have a matter to discuss before the meeting.”
Gráinne stomped over to a spot among the boulders far enough away from others to assure privacy. She sat on a large boulder with her back to the clan leaders. “What have you done? You spoke to Brodar about the ship?”
Lan stood facing Gráinne, his ears darting occasionally as if alert to intruders approaching. “Yes, I did, and I have a plan that may work if you can convince at least a dozen males to come with us. I am trying to keep all of us alive, woman. Have you thought about what your husband will do when he finds out we left the island? Maybe you do not care about your own miserable life, but do you care about mine or Caera’s? Do you know what he will do to us before he kills us? I do, and I have no desire to experience that again. If we bring something back that contributes to his estate, we might, and I mean might, survive.”
Before Gráinne could speak, he continued, “Even with a new ship, I have no idea how I can justify bringing back others to settle a land he wanted to see dead and barren!”
Lan’s words stung. They brought back her visit to the southern cave and her feelings of inadequacy at not being able to prevent the deaths of the realm’s citizens. The innocent. She’d chosen a path of resistance, a path she believed neither Lan nor Caera would have chosen alone. Yet they’d come with her. Caera had come voluntarily. She wasn’t altogether certain why Lan had come, but he was here with her, and he was going back to the island. She couldn’t fault him for trying to survive. Still wrestling with the urge to turn around and seek out Glendoque, she fidgeted. “What did you tell Brodar? I cannot convince anyone of anything if we do not have our facts . . . and our plan in order.”
Drumbeats picked up their pace.
“And make it quick. Time is short,” she said.
Lan sighed and stepped closer to Gráinne. He explained the details he’d worked out to pay for the ship and get settlers back to Incorrigible. His plan consisted of four parts—delivery of the goods on the outstanding contract, an agreement to fulfill at least one more delivery contract, silver, and nominal fares for settlers.
“A working crew of settlers,” he said quietly. “Using settlers as crew members saves us the expense of hiring a crew, and that savings will net us greater profit on the delivery contract. Moreover, using settlers as crew members will save us the expense of hiring a crew for the journey home. We can effectively reduce the outlay of silver for the ship.”
“But what about the fares, Lan? Look at these beings. They have nothing. How will they pay for their fares?”
“They have a lot more than you think. They have established trade in a town not far from here. They do still have their trades. Those who do not work as crew members can send goods to sell when the ship fulfills its first delivery contract. Proceeds from the sale of their goods will help raise funds for the fares.”
Gráinne felt uneasy.
“Fares are necessary for the purchase of the ship, and we are giving the settlers at least two ways to pay those fares. I did not tell Brodar all of this. He only knows we have a way for settlers to earn the fare. When he saw you, he ended our conversation.”
A final drumbeat sounded, and an eerie silence ensued for a second before the noise of activity in the cave swelled. Gráinne looked over her shoulder and saw that a number of other settlers had joined the clan leaders. Some were taking seats on the ring of boulders. Time was up. She’d have to trust Lan. “I will do my best to remember it all. Let us not keep them waiting.” Goddess, help us.
“I told you she has no power over me,” Lan whispered.
Gráinne looked at him in time to catch the smirk she now was certain she’d missed the first time she’d heard him speak those words. Finding an empty boulder next to Brodar, she took a seat. Lan stood within hearing range of her. As she looked around the ring of stones, the only face she recognized was Caleb’s.
A couple of stragglers scurried into the last places in the ring. None of the other cave’s inhabitants ventured near the ring though some watched from a distance.
Brodar stood. “We gather at the fires to hear the words of Gráinne Roisin Ferrane MacKenna Seetan, Marquessa of Vandovir. Do any object to giving her voice?”
Both the remembrance of her name and the call for objections surprised Gráinne. Looking from face to face, she sought signs of impending challenges. Some of the beings looked down. Others shook their heads, but none stood or gave a signal she recognized as outright objection.
“Gráinne, you may speak to the council of clan leaders.”
Inexperienced in giving public speeches, Gráinne felt a pang of regret for not having practiced what she wanted and needed to say. She rose. “Thank you for your hospitality. You have reason to be proud of this place you call home,” she said, motioning with her hand to indicate the boundaries of the cave. “I, too, am proud of the place I call home.” A wistful look washed over her face as she continued, “My home is an island one weeks’ journey by ship from Port Firth. It is called Incorrigible.” She took a deep breath. “And it is uninhabited.”
“Tell us why, Gráinne. Tell us all why none live there,” one of the clan leaders called out, his tone a clear challenge.
Gráinne looked toward the left side of the ring in the general direction the words had come from. “Because my husband hired mercenaries to kill every inhabitant and burn what remained.”
“And you want us to live under the rule of your husband?”
This time, Gráinne saw that a humanoid male was the clan leader pressing her with questions. She stiffened her posture to stand at her full height. “No. My husband is not the ruler of Incorrigible, nor will he ever be. My mother ruled the realm, and I am the only living heir of her bloodline. She is dead, and it is I who now must serve Incorrigible.”
“I knew her mother, and she was a kind and decent ruler who respected all who lived or sought refuge in her land,” Caleb said.
When the objector did not ask another question, Gráinne continued. “I have come to offer ownership of land above ground, the right to practice your trades for profit, to farm, to fish, to shepherd. I offer my loyalty. It will not be easy work for any of us. There is much to be done, and all must work side-by-side to rebuild what the mercenaries destroyed.”
“How do we know the mercenaries won’t return?”
Gráinne looked at the same humanoid who now had asked several questions. “What is your name?”
The male looked around nervously. “Samuel.”
“Samuel,” she said, her voice calm but serious. “Your questions are fair ones. And the mercenaries? Only the Goddess knows what will happen. I am no goddess. I am a servant of the realm of Incorrigible, and I say we must work together to protect ourselves from any who threaten our peace, not just mercenaries. My homeland had no army, no plan to protect those who could not protect themselves. It was a mistake for my mother to allow the Council of Elders to disband the army and to rely solely on the protection of mages and mystics and diplomats. Though the Goddess knows I will make many mistakes, I will not make that one. Those among us who are capable of bearing arms, those who know the ways of war, and those who can build structures of defense will help the rest of us learn how to defend ourselves. We will not wage war, but we will not be caught defenseless again.” Gráinne waited, but Samuel did not respond.
A woman’s voice sounded from the right side of the ring. It belonged to the woman Caera had spoken to about the mushrooms for the brewing stew. “Where will we live until we can build homes? I have a child to consider.”
Murmurs of agreement spread around the ring.
“In the castle with me,” Gráinne replied. “It is the safest spot on the island, the easiest to defend, and the most intact.” She felt glad she’d taken the risk of going to Incorrigible and had surveyed the damage.
More murmurs spread around the ring.
“I am sure you have questions about the land and realm, as well as questions and concerns about the journey from here to Incorrigible. I can tell you of the wonders of my homeland, but I believe you would be better served by asking Caleb to tell you. He is one of you, and you know already that he is truthful.”
“Yes, yes,” said one of the clan leaders.
“My assistant, Lan Noire,” she said, turning around to point to him and then turning back to the clan leaders, “will answer your questions about the journey. To reduce the burden of fares for all settlers, we seek a crew of able sailors. Lan can discuss those details with you. But know,” she cast a glance at Lan and continued, “fare is requested, not required.” She didn’t look at Lan, but she could sense him squirming. “Once we know how many wish to make the journey, we would like to include you in making the final plans. My proposition is a serious one, and I know you will need time to consider and discuss it amongst yourselves, as well. I wish you well no matter what your choice may be.”
Brodar rose, and Gráinne took her seat on the boulder. “Clan leaders, you have heard the words of Gráinne Roisin Ferrane MacKenna Seetan, Marquessa of Vandovir. Take her proposition to your clans.”
As Brodar’s words ended, clan leaders jumped up off their boulders and ran in all directions. Inhabitants who had stood in the distance moved toward the huts closest to the circle of stones. Gráinne thought they might be the huts of the clan leaders or clan meeting places. She turned to Brodar, who remained standing. “How long will it take for the leaders to return with their decisions?”
Brodar shrugged. “A few days? Some will have questions for Lan, no doubt. For others, it will not matter. Many have tired of salvaging what they can and moving on.”
Gráinne motioned to the huts. “They are resourceful.”
“True, but each time the soldiers have pushed us farther away from Port Firth, our losses have increased, as has the danger. During my last trip to find a place to settle, the soldiers came to the woods and burned the camp. The night after I returned, the soldiers came back and almost discovered the men hidden in the back of Wren’s wagon. My heart beat so fast I thought it would explode.”
She thought about the panic she’d felt when she’d feared Lan had told Slyxx about the rot and her deception. She feared Slyxx’s return as much as the cave dwellers feared the return of the soldiers. “Do you think they will come back?”
Brodar’s shoulders rose, and his chest swelled with air. He snorted as he exhaled. “I pray not.”
“Thank you for convincing the clan leaders to allow me to speak.”
“I didn’t do it for you, Gráinne. I did it for those who are unhappy here, those who yearn for sunlight and civilization above ground. I cannot offer them what you can.”
Gráinne grinned at the Bovan. “You are not as tough as you appear.”
Brodar laughed and winked.
Chapter Fifteen

Protective


Gráinne walked slowly and leisurely back to the guest chamber. Most of the huts and tents were unoccupied, their owners at the clan meeting spots listening to the leaders explain the proposition. A few children still played games and dodged between the makeshift homes, not seeming to notice her. The relative solitude gave her a chance to more closely examine the settlement. With rare exception, only cooking and washing necessities sat outside the homes. She decided the inhabitants must have kept personal belongings inside, and she wondered how cramped some of the homes must have been if they were filled with trade goods and the necessities for daily living.
“There you are!” Caera called out from the hole at the top of their quarters’ ladder. “What did they say?”
Gráinne climbed the ladder and stepped into the chamber before answering. “They need time to think about it. Their clan leaders are telling them what I said. Lan will be answering questions for a long while, I suspect.”
Caera laughed. “He will like that. He likes to feel important.”
The more Gráinne got to know Caera, the more perceptive she found her to be. “Yes, he does. And what mischief have you been up to?” she asked.
“Ohhhh! Come and see!”
Caera pointed to the metal bowl in the center of the room. It was now surrounded by a tripod, and a cooking pot with steam rising out of it perched above a fire in the bowl.
Gráinne and Caera walked over to the pot and peered inside, almost bumping their heads together. Mushrooms and green and yellow strands of some kind of vegetable bubbled up and sank, disappearing into the boiling broth. The steam had a sweet, nutty scent that set Gráinne’s mouth to watering.
“What is it?”
Caera beamed as she pulled her head back from over the pot. “Vegetable stew. Fiona gave me some of the mushrooms. You remember her. The woman with the little girl. The child’s name is Fiata. She is a sassy one, indeed, but smart, I tell you!”
Gráinne smiled to see that Caera had met someone with whom she could share her joy of cooking. “What are the vegetables?”
Caera beamed again and pointed to the walls of the chamber. “The ferns! They are delicious! The green ones are savory, and the yellow ones are sweet.”
“I wish I had learned to cook.”
Caera smiled. “You have your own gifts.”
Gráinne cocked her head at Caera, remembering the dream she’d had about the ladybug. “That is what someone once told me in a dream.”
“A dream? But it is true. You can ride a horse. That is a gift. You tolerate Lan better than anyone could. That most definitely is a gift!” The two laughed, and then Caera said, “Sit down, and we will have a bowl of stew. I have been itching to find out how it tastes, and it smells ready now.” She toddled off to the back of the chamber and returned with two bowls and spoons.
“What is back there?” Gráinne asked while Caera ladled stew into a bowl and handed it to her.
“Cupboards, supplies, more places to sleep.”
Gráinne blew on a steaming spoonful of stew and then sucked its contents into her mouth. “It is delicious, Caera.” After a few more bites, she asked, “What have you learned about the inhabitants here?”
“Oh, theirs is an interesting story. They come from many different lands. A few are from Port Firth. Some are stranded travellers. Others came to Port Firth to trade or work. Some just happed upon the encampment in the forest.”
Gráinne was confused. “I did not see an encampment in the forest.”
“It is not there anymore. The soldiers destroyed it. That is why they live here now.”
“Why did the soldiers destroy the encampment?”
Caera shrugged. “Ignorance? Fear? Who knows? The soldiers told them they were not welcome and could not trade their goods or sell their wares in Port Firth.” Caera giggled. “They do anyway. They have secret contacts there who help them when they can.”
Gráinne thought about John and wondered if maybe he was one of the secret contacts. “And the traders who are not expected to return for a moon. What do you know of them?” she asked, wondering if all of the trade goods had gone with them. If so, she wasn’t sure the inhabitants would have any goods to send on the ship when it made its trip to fulfill the delivery contract.
“Not much, but I know they are travelling on foot and with carts.”
Gráinne smiled. “You have learned a lot. You should be a scout.”
Caera laughed. “Mmhmm. My mother always said I was too inquisitive for my own good.”
Gráinne laughed.
“It is going to take at least three fortnights before we can leave for Incorrigible,” Lan said.
Gráinne started at the sound of his voice. She hadn’t seen or heard him approaching.
Caera looked up from her stew. “Want some?”
Lan shook his head.
Gráinne frowned. “Why such a long delay?”
“We have a delivery contract to fulfill as soon as the Cailleach Bheur arrives.”
“Then you have figured out how to pay for the ship?”
“Yes. And we will have silver to tide us over for the delay. That is, if we can find a Captain.”
Gráinne’s heart sank. “But you said no Captain would take the contract.”
“None that we know of, but Brodar says there is one who may have the nerve to brave the curse. A Scot named Fenn MacMoragh.”
“Can we speak with him?”
“He does not live here.”
Gráinne’s heart sank again. “Where does he live?”
“Nobody knows.”
Frustration was seeping into Gráinne. “Then, how do we find him?”
“He is in Port Firth.”
Gráinne slurped down the last of the broth in her bowl and chucked the spoon at Lan. He dodged it and laughed.
For the rest of the evening, the three lazed about the chamber together. It had been a long day for all of them. After some disagreement, they agreed Lan and Gráinne would return to Port Firth the next day to find MacMoragh while Caera remained to learn what she could. Caera would have Caleb escort her as far as the town when the clan leaders announced their decisions. From Lan’s early estimates, however, the ship would be full to capacity and have more than enough crew members to assure safe sailing. “It may take more than one trip to bring all the settlers to Incorrigible,” he announced.
“That would be the best news we could get, no?”
“Yes. And if we combine the trip back with a stop in a trade port, it could be very profitable, as well. Master . . . the Marquis would be pleased about that.”
Gráinne stiffened. She didn’t want to think about Slyxx or anything to do with him. Looking at Caera, she changed the subject, “Be careful not to get too close to the one called Glendoque. He is . . . well . . . he is interesting. Very . . . irresistible.”
Caera perked up. “Oh? Which one is he?”
“The snakelike one with the knotty tail.”
Caera crinkled her brow. “I do not think I have seen him.”
“If you do, look the other way. There is something about him that makes it impossible to move away from him.”
“What do you suppose it is?” Caera asked, her interest obvious.
“Everything about him.”
Caera laughed, and Lan coughed, which made both Caera and Gráinne laugh all the more.
The three settled down for the night. Caera and Gráinne slept near the fire, and Lan took a place between the fire and the entrance to the chamber. Long after the other two had fallen asleep, Gráinne remained awake. She stared at the crevice above her and watched as stars came into view, twinkling in greeting before moving out of sight. As she watched, her mind wandered without aim until one particular star caught her attention. Although it was amber, it seemed larger and brighter than the stars around it. She thought of Jarrod and Arae, but as she considered whether it might be the star the half-Elf had told her about, she felt that it wasn’t. She didn’t just think it wasn’t. She felt it wasn’t. Her breath quickened, her heartbeat sped up, perspiration beaded on her brow. When she acknowledged what was happening to her body, it went numb. One word rang out in her mind, followed by images of the seductive creature she’d warned Caera to avoid. Glendoque!
Gráinne tried to calm herself. She thought of the Goddess pond and the trickle of water she found relaxing. Her mind drifted to the waterfall she’d seen on the outskirts of the encampment, and slowly she regained control of her body. She rose and tiptoed past Lan to the hole in the wall. As she started down the ladder, the Kathan quietly said, “All I will say is heed your own advice.”
She chuckled quietly and descended the ladder into an encampment soundly sleeping. Her stroll to the waterfall was uneventful, unhurried. Fires burned steadily, rather than flaring up or roaring to cook a meal, and the smell of warm embers filled the air. By the time she reached the waterfall, Gráinne felt serene. She sat at the edge of the pond at the waterfall’s base and let the sound of the spilling and splashing water fill her ears and mind. Water had always soothed her soul. She dipped a hand into the cool pond and scooped up some water in her cupped palm. Tilting her head back, she poured the water onto her forehead and let it trickle down her face and neck. Gráinne had no idea how long she sat at the pond’s edge with her neck stretched and her head tilted. Finally, she opened her eyes and relaxed her neck, looking down into the pond at her own reflection. The pond rippled, and the image of Glendoque’s face appeared next to hers. Slowly, she turned her head to find the male knelt beside her. Panic gnawed at her stomach, and she tried to focus on the sound of the waterfall. “Should you not be sleeping?” she asked him, her throat constrained so much she felt each word squeezing its way up to her tongue and lips.
“Good evening, Marquessssa,” he replied. “I rarely ssssleep. Thissss issss my hunting time.”
Gráinne forced a smile. “Brodar said you are a selective hunter.”
“Sssselective. Yesssssssssssss.” He flicked his tail.
“What are you hunting?” she asked, the knot in her stomach telling her she might not want to know.
“Ratssss, molessss, and haressss. Mosssstly.” His tail slithered around his waist.
“There are hares in the caves?” she asked. Her eyes avoided looking at the tail as much as possible.
“No. I find haressss in the woodssss.”
“I see. Brodar tells me your name is Glendoque. That is an unusual name. From what land do you come?”
“My home issss in the Cavessss of Alya.”
“Alya,” she repeated. “I have never heard of it, but then, I have not travelled very far from my own homeland.”
“Neither had I until I sssstepped into the tunnel that brought me here.”
Gráinne was confused. “Alya is attached to this place by tunnel?”
“Yessss,” he replied, cocking his head to one side. His amber eyes sparkled, pupils dilating.
Gráinne looked down into the pond, where Glendoque’s reflection showed her he was still looking at her. His tail slithered up to his chest and engulfed it, and he stroked the tail, running his palm over the knots in it. “Why do you not return home then?”
Glendoque continued to stroke his tail. “I cannot passss through the tunnel without the Guide.”
“I do not understand.”
“The Guide and her sssstaff. Without her, the tunnel leadssss to a dead end.”
“Magic?” Gráinne asked.
“I do not know. I know only that issss how I came here, and that the way I came issss not accessssible now.”
“Do you miss your homeland?” she asked.
“Ssssometimessss, but I find much here interessssting. Like you, Marquessssa. You intrigue me. Your hair issss sssso beautiful. The femalessss of Alya are like me, without hair.”
He unfurled his tail, and Gráinne looked into the pond again. She saw in the reflection that the tip of it was reaching toward her hair. She remained still as it caressed her hair and wound itself into her curls. The tail explored her locks so gently she could barely feel the movement she saw reflected in the pond. She held her breath.
“Sssso ssssoft.”
Gráinne’s head felt heavy on her neck, and she strained to hold it upright. The air was heavy with a scent she hadn’t noticed when she arrived at the waterfall. She suspected it was the smell of Glendoque, as she longed to look toward him to gather in more of the intoxicating aroma. The tip of the tail trailed down Gráinne’s spine. She cleared her throat and stared at the waterfall, concentrating on the former topic. “Perhaps you could find the guide again?”
Glendoque’s tone softened. “Sssshe wassss like you.”
“Like me?”
“Yessss. Sssshe ssssmelled like you.”
“I do not know what you mean.”
“Sssshe wassss more than one thing, too.”
Gráinne frowned. “More than one thing? What do you mean?”
“More than a female who lookssss human.”
Gráinne blinked. “A Shifter?”
“Yessssssss. That issss what sssshe called hersssself. Sssshe wassss tassssty.”
“Did she tell you her name?” Gráinne asked, hoping it might be one she recognized.
“Moira. Her name issss Moira,” he said, running the tip of his tail back up Gráinne’s spine. The tail hesitated at her waist.
Gráinne didn’t remember anyone named Moira, nor did she remember hearing tales of anyone with that name. That she didn’t wasn’t alarming. She knew there were Shifters who had not come to Incorrigible during the Sieges. Yet, she felt oddly driven to know more about this one. “What else do you remember about her, Glendoque?”
Lumpy goosebumps large enough for Gráinne to see them sprung out on the Alyan’s skin. He shivered. When his tail shook, each of its knots rattled in a different, harmonic tone. “Sssshe ssssaid my name the way you do.” He shivered again. “Sssshe wore her hair piled on her head, but it wassss long and ssssilky and assss rich assss ssssandsssstone. Her eyessss were like emeraldssss when sssshe led me through the tunnel.”
“Like yours?”
“Yessss. Not human.”
That a Shifter changed her eyes was not surprising to Gráinne. “And before and after she entered the tunnel?”
“Different. Green and human.”
Shifters didn’t change their eyes for no reason. Gráinne had witnessed voluntary Shifts when one of her kind let an animal form emerge. She also had seen and experienced some involuntary Shifts. She had learned all too well the embarrassment of not being able to control a Shift, of partial Shifting. Children had teased her because her eyes would change when she was afraid, angry, or hurt. “Did other parts of her change, or just her eyes?”
“Jusssst her beautiful eyessss.”
“Was she upset? Afraid?”
“No. Sssshe wassss calm. Focussssed.”
Lan coughed, and Gráinne started. Glendoque rattled his tail. “There you are, Marquessa. I apologize for the interruption, but you really must get some sleep tonight. The journey tomorrow will be long.”
Gráinne felt torn between relief she wasn’t alone with the seductive creature and reluctance to end the conversation with him. “I was just coming,” she replied, conceding to the tug of reason. She rose from the rock and looked at Glendoque. “I hope we will continue our discussion another time.”
Glendoque touched Gráinne’s hair with the tip of his tail, running it through the curls one last time before he replied, “Assss do I, Marquessssa. Assss do I.”
On their walk back to the sleeping chamber, Lan mumbled and hissed at Gráinne about flirting with danger and not heeding her own advice. Although she heard his ramblings, she was oblivious to them. She couldn’t stop thinking about Glendoque’s guide and her eyes. Something does not make sense. There had to be a reason for the partial Shift.
A few hours later, the encampment awakened. Caera prepared breakfast for the three of them, producing a loaf of bread that Fiona had given her. She’d started cooking a seedy gruel not long after Lan and Gráinne had returned to the cave. During breakfast, they talked about their plans for the next few days. Gráinne felt certain it would be at least that long before the clan leaders reported to Brodar the decisions of their followers. Lan warned Caera to be cautious about who she interacted with, and she reassured him that she was capable of taking care of herself. Her main interest was in listening and talking with Fiona, whom she found both talented and wise, and she would stay close to Fiona as much as possible. After breakfast, Caera busied herself in the back of the chamber while Lan and Gráinne prepared to leave.
 Just as Gráinne began her descent down the ladder, Caera handed a tied cloth bag to Lan, obviously avoiding saying goodbye. “Take the rest of the bread and some cheese with you.” Her awkwardness solidified. “Just in case you get hungry later,” she said before hurrying back to the rear of the chamber.
No one spoke to Lan and Gráinne as they walked through the encampment to the tunnel leading to the exit ladder. The two exchanged glances but didn’t speak until they reached the woods. “She will be safe,” Gráinne finally said to Lan, offering reassurance to him and trying to convince herself it was true.
“I know,” he said. “She is more than she appears to be on the surface. Quite an extraordinary creature.”
Gráinne laughed at his word choice. Unable to resist teasing him about their first encounter and the word that had made his hair practically stand on end, she said, “Creature? I thought that word was reserved for your kind.”
Lan hissed playfully.
Before the two reached the spot on the road where the houses outside Port Firth started to appear again, they decided to stop and eat the food Caera had packed for them. Their walk had been leisurely and relaxing, filled with discussions about the Cailleach Bheur, the many questions clan leaders had posed to Lan, some of the creatures they’d encountered in the cave, and how to find Fenn MacMoragh. Gráinne felt as if they had become friends, rather than guard and captive. She felt concern about the position Lan might be in when Slyxx returned. As she nibbled on a piece of bread she’d folded over a chunk of cheese, she thought about Lan’s accusation that she hadn’t considered his or Caera’s well-being. She wanted him to know she did care. “You do know I do not want my husband to harm you or Caera, do you not? Tell me, please, what I should say or do to protect you.”
Lan’s eyes widened.
“I know what he is capable of.” She took a deep breath and exhaled slowly. “He . . . hurt . . . Caera the night before he left. It was my fault for misleading him to keep him out of my bed.”
Lan looked the other way, and his tail drooped.
“It was convenient that my sickness repulsed him. I never thought he would harm her. That night, he must have hit her. Goddess only knows how many nights he was in her bed before he stopped caring to hide his brutality. She admits to only one.” Gráinne still felt nauseous at the thought of Slyxx forcing himself on the sweet woman.
“It was only once.”
“What?”
“He was in her chamber only one night. The night before he left.”
“How do you know that? Did she tell you? Maybe she was too humiliated or angry to admit to more.”
Lan looked at Gráinne and then down at the grass underneath them, plucking at it as if grooming it. “Because he was in mine the other nights.”
Gráinne was speechless.
“What was the word you thought? Violated?”
Tears filled her eyes. Conniving to save herself from her husband’s torment had caused him to harm not only an innocent woman, but also an innocent male. The two beings who had helped her to move forward with her plans for her homeland had suffered because she wasn’t strong enough to bear Slyxx’s torment or to stop it. Guilt and remorse and shame weren’t adequate words for what she felt at the moment. Knowing that apologizing wouldn’t erase what had happened, Gráinne remained silent. She reached out and stroked Lan’s hair.
The Kathan curled up on the grass near Gráinne’s leg and lay his head in her lap. “Can you understand that I do not hate him? I fear him. I loathe what he did to Caera and to you. But, I cannot hate him. He brought me here. He is the only father I have known.”
Gráinne wept, not only out of shame for what she had caused, but because the Kathan’s vulnerability stabbed at her heart. For all his bluster, dexterity, and keen wits, he was gentler and more tender-hearted than Brodar. Caressing his hair, she wept for him and for Caera.
“The sun is getting low. We should get to Port Firth before dark,” he said quietly after a short time.
Gráinne knew he was trying to lighten the mood, and she cooperated. It was the least she could do. “You are right. Caera will be furious if we encounter trouble on the road and she misses it.”
Before nightfall, they reached the inn and settled into their rooms. Both bathed before having a light dinner, at which John and Marta joined them. After dinner, John disappeared from the table and returned with a jug of spirits he called whisky. He poured some into all of their goblets and explained that the custom of its maker called for drinkers to empty the goblet after each toast. The first salute began with Marta.
“To a bountiful harvest and a warm hearth,” Marta said. They clanked their goblets and downed all the whisky.
The liquid was warm and thick, and it stung as it slid down Gráinne’s throat. She looked around at the others, all of whom seemed unaffected. John poured more into their goblets.
“To good health and a full inn,” Gráinne said, lifting her glass toward their hosts. Once again, the four clanked the goblets and downed their contents. This time, the whisky didn’t sting as much going down as it had the first time. Gráinne looked around at the others. Marta and John had rosier cheeks than they had before the toasts began, and both grinned as John poured the third round. The tips of Lan’s ears, usually pert, flopped forward, and the sight of them made Gráinne giggle.
“To . . . to . . . ,” Lan began. The others waited in anticipation. “To whisky!” he shouted.
John let out a roar of delight, and the women laughed unreservedly. They all tipped up the goblets, draining them for the third time. The spirits slid down Gráinne’s throat and left little taste. She thought the first drink had burned her taste buds, and that thought made her giggle. She held out her goblet for John to refill it. Lan held onto his outstretched arm as he waited for John to pour more whiskey into his goblet.
Marta pointed at him. “Is your arm getting heavy, kitten?”
Gráinne froze, expecting Lan to lash out at the innkeeper’s wife. She burst into laughter when he crossed his eyes looking at the arm.
John cleared his throat, and the other three looked at him. “To a good wife,” he said, looking at Marta, who beamed. “Good neighbors,” he added, nodding at Lan and Gráinne. “And,” looking at the goblets poised to clank with each other, “the Scot who brought me whisky, the MacMoragh of Clan MacMoragh, Fenn Conor MacMoragh!”
Gráinne laughed as hard as she could remember ever having laughed. John and Marta laughed with her, thinking she finally had gotten drunk on the whisky. Lan, who had begun to talk into his goblet, missed the fact that John could tell them how to find the Scot Brodar had said might serve as Captain of the Cailleach Bheur. After more laughter and banter with John and Marta, Gráinne stood up. “Time to get this kitten into his bed.”
The Kathan had slumped over the table and was still mumbling incoherently at the goblet he twisted in his nimble fingers. All she could make out as she lifted his limp body and pulled him close to walk him up the stairs was “Shinies.”
Removing Lan’s clothes to tuck him into bed wasn’t an option. By the time they got upstairs, the Kathan was as limp as a man who had just crossed death’s threshold. Gráinne managed to get him onto the bed and pull the quilt over him. For what seemed a long while, she watched as he slept, fitfully dreaming. She could only imagine that he dreamt about Slyxx. Leaving the room, she turned around in the doorway and whispered to him, “All living things must choose their paths, and he has chosen his. That I promise you, kitten.”
Chapter Sixteen

Mortified


Gráinne awoke to Lan rapping on the door to her room. “Gráinne, wake up. We need to leave soon, or we might miss MacMoragh. John knows where he is.”
Lan’s comment about the urgency of leaving superseded Gráinne’s desire to laugh and tell him that while the Kathan had delivered a monologue into his goblet the night before, she’d learned John knew Fenn MacMoragh. “I am awake. I will dress and come down,” she called back.
Gráinne paid particular attention to her selection of clothing and chose a gown that wouldn’t give the potential Captain the impression she could afford to be extravagant in hiring him. She smiled at the thought that Lan would have been proud of her attention to detail. Empire-waisted and A-lined, rather than full-skirted, the black gown she chose accentuated her slenderness but also her height, so she put on flat slippers instead of shoes with a higher heel. She would probably be taller than he was anyway, and she didn’t want to put him on the defensive by rubbing in that fact. Most males seemed uncomfortable about relative height with taller women. She pulled her hair away from her face and secured it with a comb so that it fell behind her shoulders, leaving her neck and collar bones exposed. Around her neck, she tied a black ribbon, from which dangled a silver locket. On its face was the Ferrane family emblem: a tigress errant. On her finger, she placed a similarly marked silver ring that had belonged to her mother.
Lan and John were in the kitchen dipping bread into fresh gruel Marta had cooked before she left to tend the garden. “And then I told him,” John was saying as Gráinne arrived. “Good mornin’ to you,” he said to her, abruptly changing the subject.
“Good morning, John. Lan. Do go on,” she replied, taking a seat and tearing off a chunk of bread she immediately nibbled. Her stomach and head protested the whisky she’d drank the night before. Pecking on something not spicy or too heavy seemed a safe bet for not upsetting her stomach.
“I was just telling Lan about my talk with that MacMoragh fella. I’ll tell you he has travelled a fair share of his life and seen a lot of places I’ve never heard of in all my years of talking with travellers. He did mention the land of Scots, and I told him I’d had a guest here who was a Scot named Iain MacGregor. I swear that red hair of MacMoragh’s grew redder when I told him that name. Seems he and MacGregor don’t get on well. MacMoragh said that MacGregor was a coward and hiding out from the whole MacMoragh Clan because of something he’d done. So, as I was about to tell Lan, I told him if I heard of where MacGregor might be, I’d pass it along to him. Yessir, that hair grew redder, I do swear.”
Lan’s disinterest in John’s tale seemed apparent to Gráinne when he curtly asked John, “How do we find him?”
“He’ll be at the market today.”
“The square is teeming. How will we know him?”
John belted out a laugh and leaned back in his chair. “You won’t be missin’ that one, young fella. He’s the tallest, reddest haired Scot you’ve ever seen, I assure you. And he has a patch over one eye.” He twisted and wrinkled his face, as if straining. “But for the life of me, I can’t remember which eye.”
Gráinne thought about the ugly creature with his eye sewn shut. She leaned in and asked in a near whisper, “Why does he wear a patch?”
John shrugged. “I don’t know. I wasn’t about to ask him. Some folks get mighty sensitive about things like that. I don’t think MacMoragh is the kind you want to poke with a stick . . . if you know what I mean.”
Lan cleared his throat.
Gráinne’s attention turned to him, just in time to see him roll his eyes.
 “We should leave. Are you prepared?” Lan asked.
Gráinne nodded. “Yes, I am.” She was already wondering if the patch had anything to do with Iain MacGregor, and if so, how she might use that to convince MacMoragh to take on the job of Captain. “We will need the chest.” She had no idea what it might take to persuade MacMoragh, and she wanted to have the upper hand if his motivation was silver. Before they left the inn, Gráinne cleared the table of the dirty plates and leftover food while Lan retrieved the chest.
“I am not sure this is a good idea, woman,” he said upon returning, shaking the chest.
“Maybe not, but I do not want to be caught without resources on hand,” she replied firmly. “Just guard it closely.”
The two set off for the market square, but when they arrived, Gráinne was confused by what she saw. The busy marketplace she’d twice visited looked completely different. Beings milled around and talked with each other, but only a few scattered merchant stalls lined the perimeter of the square. A raised wooden platform, accessible by stairs on either side, stood in the center of the square. At one end were three wooden boxes. Benches populated by people who sat facing the wooden boxes filled the remainder of the platform.
“This is the last place I expected to see you,” said Tell Bravin from behind Gráinne.
She turned around to see him staring at her bare neckline. Gráinne cleared her throat, and his gaze moved up to hers. “I have come to find a Captain for the Cailleach Bheur,” she replied to him.
Tell quirked an eyebrow, and a grin stretched his lips. “You’re going to find a Captain here?” He looked toward Lan and nodded to the chest. “Ah, I see. You plan to buy one.” He looked back at Gráinne. “And what if there are none for sale?”
Gráinne frowned. “Sometimes, you are an arse, Tell Bravin.”
Bravin laughed and leaned down slightly to whisper into Gráinne’s ear. “On that account, I would have to agree with you.” As he straightened back up, he motioned toward the platform. “Shall we then, Marquessa? All the seats will soon be taken, and I would not miss this for all the gapa in Rogea.” His eyes sparkled with mischief.
Gráinne didn’t understand what Tell was intimating or why he found the idea of her finding and paying a Captain so humorous. She did think, however, that she and Lan might have a better chance of spotting MacMoragh from the highest spot in the square, and that was the platform. She rolled her eyes at Tell, who laughed, and then she set off for the platform stairs.
“But,” Lan said.
Shush!
Gráinne continued on and climbed the steps with Tell following closely behind her.
“This way. There are some empty spaces,” Tell said, stepping around her and leading the way to a bench that had only a couple of people sitting on one end of it.
The bench Tell had chosen was in the back row of benches, which pleased Gráinne. It would give them a fairly clear view of three-fourths of the market square. Once she sat down, she was pleased to discover she had no trouble seeing over the heads of those around her. At last, her height held advantage!
A bell rang out, and a shirtless man standing near the boxes cried out, “Take your seats. The sale begins soon. Today’s stock will delight you!” The man looked human and reminded her of Tell’s warriors. Two wide leather straps harnessed his shoulders and chest, and at his side hung a coiled whip.
The benches soon filled. More beings continued to file onto the platform, taking up the bulk of standing room on either side and behind the rows of benches. Gráinne frowned and fidgeted as her view of the marketplace became more and more obstructed.
“Bring in the first three!”
The crowd near the stairs stepped back, and a murmur broke out. Gráinne strained to see what the fuss was about. Emerging from the top of the stairs were three human females led by chains attached to collars. The first two were scantily clad, young women. The third was a middle-aged woman wearing a dress with an apron. Her large breasts almost flowed out of the top of her dress. Each of the three was led to a box and chained to metal loops that stuck out of the boxes. Gráinne gasped, and her expression further betrayed her shock.
Tell Bravin leaned over and whispered, “Do you think any of them can sail a ship?”
Lan’s hand touched Gráinne’s shoulder, and he leaned into her other ear, whispering, “Stay calm. We are here to find MacMoragh.”
“Our first three offerings are voluntary contracts,” the man near the boxes called out, and the crowd hushed. “On the left is Maeve, a tavern wench offering her services for one moon. In the middle is Rhianna, a lovely maiden willing to serve only a mistress. On the right is Marjorie, a buxom seamstress who offers her skills only in trade for food and shelter for herself and her child.”
Gráinne wanted to throw up. Lan squeezed her shoulder.
“Maeve’s opening bid is twenty silver. Do I have a taker?” the man running the event called out.
“Let me see the goods, Halgar!” yelled a man in one of the benches in front of Gráinne.
The man near the boxes replied, “Leave it to you to have no imagination, Klegg!”
The crowd roared with laughter.
“Bare her breasts,” he ordered, and a man dressed similar to Halgar approached Maeve. He reached out and pulled her top down, exposing her breasts.
The crowd applauded.
Gráinne looked down. In her peripheral vision, she could see the woman jiggling her breasts at the crowd.
“Twenty silver!” someone yelled out.
“I have twenty. Do I have twenty-five?”
“Twenty-five!”
“Twenty-five from Harrington. Do I have thirty?”
“Thirty!”
“Thirty from the Dwarf! Will someone offer thirty-five and save him from smothering?”
The crowd roared with laughter.
“Thirty. I have thirty.”
Nobody yelled out a number.
“Thirty is the bid. Going once.” Halgar waited. “Thirty twice.” He hesitated, but nobody called out a number. “Sold to the Dwarf for thirty silver! Pay the Scribe and pick up Maeve’s contract.”
Gráinne looked up to see Maeve being led off the platform, her chain handed over to the Dwarf. A similar procedure took place for the sale of Rhianna’s contract. Some jeered at her and commented that it was a waste her maidenhood would be taken by another woman. Rhianna jeered back, taunting the men who made such comments. The crowd laughed at the men, who eventually quieted, likely from embarrassment. After the bidding for Rhianna’s contract ended, the sale of Marjorie’s contract began.
“Marjorie’s opening bid is a season.”
Someone yelled, “This one is past hers!”
Gráinne’s temper flared.
“Ye dinnae know a bargain when ye stumble on one, Gordon!” a deep voice called out. “I will meet that bid!”
“We have a season’s bid from The MacMoragh. Have we a bid for longer?” Halgar cried out.
Gráinne bolted to her feet.
“You want to bid, pretty lady? You have to call out a length of time.”
The crowd looked at Gráinne, whose face flushed crimson.
“Are ye biddin’ agin me, lass?” the voice of MacMoragh rang out, and Gráinne followed the sound to the sight of the red-haired Scot she’d come to find.
Fenn was much larger than Gráinne had imagined. His height rivaled that of her husband. Large-boned and muscular, his body was hard. He wore a loose linen shirt open in the front, exposing a tattooed chest. His skin was suntanned a rich bronze that complimented his bright red hair, and several places on his face and chest bore scars. As John had said, the Scot wore a patch over one eye. His other was both striking and piercing, a shade of teal which reminded Gráinne of the sea. At his waist was a wide leather belt holding a rope, a leather sheath for a dagger, and a small coin purse. Although the crowd blocked her view of his legs and feet, she could make out that just below the belt was a tartan fabric. She assumed he wore a kilt.
“N….n….no,” she stuttered.
The crowd laughed. Tell tugged on Gráinne’s skirt. She looked down at him and lowered herself back onto the bench.
Nobody bid against the Scot. Marjorie was led over to him, and he removed the collar, whispering something to her. Gráinne couldn’t rid herself of the feeling that the man she’d come to find was someone she already knew.
“Our next three are special arrangements,” Halgar called out as the next three beings were led to the boxes. The first was led by a small woman shrouded from head to foot by a black cloak. The creature she led by a chain was blindfolded. “On the left is Zak the Thrull, an interesting but dangerous creature. His Mistress, Velaria,” he said, pointing to the cloaked woman, “is willing to contract him out for one season.” The Thrull looked somewhat human-shaped, but his skin was dark green and scaly in places. On his back were tendrils waving wildly about. At the tip of each was a barb. He growled and snarled as Velaria positioned him on the box.
“What do you suppose he can do with those snakes on his back?” Klegg called out.
Zak smiled. “They’re tendrils, not snakes. Come up here, and let me show you. If you have the nerve, that is.”
The Thrull’s ability to speak surprised Gráinne.
Klegg smirked and stood up. He walked over to the Thrull and stood in front of him. “And what will you do?” he taunted, waving his hands in front of the blindfolded creature.
The Thrull smiled. The tendrils wrapped around Klegg’s throat and began to squeeze. Klegg gasped for air, trying to pry them loose. Velaria leaned over to the Thrull’s ear, and whispered something. He growled and released Klegg’s throat, and Klegg stumbled backwards. He cursed at Zak  all the way back to the bench and sat down, never once turning his back on the creature.
The crowd laughed. Halgar motioned for them to quiet, and he continued. “In the middle, we have Jaer. Jaer’s contract is for a moon. The proceeds will pay the fine he incurred for attempting to steal from the purse of the Magistrate’s wife.”
“What can I say? I was hungry. You wouldn’t let me hunt in the woods,” Jaer protested.
“The Magistrate’s wife? Not too bright, is he?” someone yelled.
“He’s too small to offer any meaningful service,” another yelled. “No lady would even know he was between her legs!”
The crowd laughed.
Jaer was the smallest Elf Gráinne had ever seen. Dressed in green with soft, calfskin boots, he had long blonde hair tied back like the tail of a pony. She found his wry smile amusing.
“Feed him to the Thrull!” someone else yelled.
The crowd cheered.
Halgar continued. “And finally, we have Dragorloth the Kathan. He is a capable guard and keen warrior.”
Gráinne’s mouth dropped open, and she looked at Lan, whose expression was nothing short of horrified.
“Dragorloth’s Master wishes to punish him by selling his contract to someone who will deny him his wanton desires.”
The Kathan on the box looked down, clearly ashamed. Although Dragorloth’s body shape was humanoid like Lan’s, his skin was not human-like in any way. Rather, white fur with black tiger stripes covered him from the tips of his ears to the wispy hair at the of his tail, which was sleek and long, not bushy like Lan’s. His face was streamlined and decidedly more feminine than Lan’s. Despite what Halgar said about his experience as a warrior, the face of the Kathan didn’t have the harshness of a face that had seen war. Dragorloth wore black pants and boots, and his chest was bare. Like Lan, he sported blue tattoos on his chest, but the striped pattern of fur that covered the markings made it impossible to distinguish their shape.
“What did he do? Lick his Master with a rough tongue?”
The crowd laughed.
Gráinne heard a meep from Lan, and it made her temper flare at the way the three were being treated and how it was making Lan feel. She gritted her teeth and clenched her fists in her lap.
“Enough! Enough!” Halgar yelled. “The opening bids for each are twenty silver pieces. Which would you like? Don’t be shy!”
Gráinne rose slowly, focusing her gaze sharply at Halgar. She calmed her throat muscles and formed a confident tone. “One hundred-fifty for the three!”
The crowd gasped. This time, when their faces turned to look at her, Gráinne didn’t blush. She was angry, and the craving to Shift gnawed at her. She knew her focus had to remain on maintaining human-looking eyes. “Well?” she called out and then looked around sternly at the faces staring at her in disbelief. A low hum of whispers began as the attendees turned back around and faced forward. She knew they were talking about her, and she didn’t care.
Halgar cleared his throat. “We have a bid of one hundred and fifty silver for the trio of special arrangements. Do I hear one hundred sixty-five?”
Gráinne held her breath. Nobody responded to the call.
“Going once . . . twice.” Halgar looked around the crowd. “Sold for one hundred-fifty silver to . . . ,” he said, looking at Gráinne.
Lan stood and puffed out his chest, his chin and neck stretched with an air of dignity. “The Marquessa of Vandovir.”
Halgar gave a nod and motioned toward the Scribe. “Come and collect your contracts, Marquessa.”
Gráinne took a deep breath and looked at Tell, who had risen from the bench to let her pass into the aisle. “Bloody hell,” he said as she walked by, and she could barely manage to suppress a grin after she’d moved past him. Lan followed her, carrying the small chest with the silver in it.
Tell me we have enough to pay for this. Goddess knows what they will do to us if we do not.
“We do,” she heard from behind her.
Lan paid the Scribe for the contracts, which were given to Gráinne, along with the keys to the locks on the trio’s collars. She descended the stairs and walked a few verges from the platform. When the trio and Lan joined her, she said, “My name is Gráinne, and this is Lan. I will come to the inn and speak with you later, but for now, Lan will take you there and get you something to eat.”
“Finally! Food!” said Jaer.
“Remove their collars and chains, Lan,” she said, handing the keys to him. “I will follow shortly. I need to speak with MacMoragh first.”
“I think I should wait for you.”
“No,” she insisted. “Get these three safely to the inn. Feed them and let them bathe. If they have any belongings, collect them on the way to the inn. I will return before dark.”
Lan opened his mouth to protest.
“I promise.”
“You heard her,” Lan said in a commanding voice to the three.
“Yes, Mistress,” Dragorloth said. His voice was a deep baritone infused with a sensual purr.
Gráinne noticed that Lan’s ears perked at the sound of it, and she smiled.
“Zak, no stinging. Lan will remove your blindfold. And Jaer, no stealing,” she said, looking at each. “Behave yourselves, and you just may find yourselves freer than you ever imagined.”
“Yes, Mistress,” the two said in unison.
Gráinne walked toward the stairs to find MacMoragh. She heard Jaer’s voice from behind her as a lock clicked. “I don’t know about that. I’ve imagined myself to be thoroughly free.” Someone sniggered. Gráinne was fairly certain it was Zak.
Chapter Seventeen

Lost and Found


Fenn had watched the ongoing sale, but his mind had wandered elsewhere. Vandovir, the island of the Seetans, was connected to his birthplace. The lass. She was obviously married to one of them. The Seetans had never produced a female heir. Perhaps Slydor had set aside his wife Diadem and taken a younger wife who would give him a daughter. Or perhaps she had wed one of Slydor’s sons. He remembered Stephen, the youngest, as a shy loner whose eyes betrayed his blood—torn between his mother’s good will and his father’s greed for power. He didn’t know much more about the lad, though, as he’d left Incorrigible when the boy was young. Slyxx, the eldest, was his father born into arrogance and cruelty. The lass who had bought the special arrangement contracts didn’t seem like the type who would gravitate to Slyxx’s kind, though Fenn was certain she was capable of fury. He’d felt her anger when she approached the Scribe to pay for the contracts. He’d felt something else, too, a familiarity that played at the edges of his memory.
***
The Scot’s red hair came into sight as Gráinne ascended the stairs. She stopped, still nagged by a feeling she’d seen it before. Staring at the way it was knotted at the top of his head and then flowed down below his shoulders, she felt almost sure it was the same hair she’d seen in the marketplace on her first day in Port Firth. Still, the likelihood it had been MacMoragh she’d spotted just before she choked on the pastry didn’t satisfy the nagging feeling. She’d seen that hair before she came to Port Firth, but she couldn’t remember when or where.
 “Captain MacMoragh,” Gráinne said, mustering enough courage to speak to him.
Fenn turned around. “Aye,” he said, focusing his one good eye on the face of the Marquessa of Vandovir.
“I d . . . do not wish to interrupt your transactions.” She swallowed hard. “If you have a moment when you have finished, I would like to discuss a matter of business with you in pri . . . private.” Gráinne blushed at stuttering. What is wrong with me?
The Scot grinned widely. “I’ve nae more purchases to make today, lass.”
“No, I . . . I did not mean I want to sell you anything,” she said, realizing he thought she wanted him to buy Goddess knew what from her. Her cheeks turned crimson.
The Scot laughed.
 “I have a proposition for you,” she blurted out and then felt her cheeks grow even hotter.
The Scot laughed harder.
Gráinne cupped her mouth and nose with her hands, horrified at her word choice and the way her words had stumbled over her own tongue.
Fenn turned to Marjorie and said, “Go collect your son and meet me at the Inn of Port Firth. Ye look like ye could use a good meal, and Marta is sure to deliver just that. Tell her I sent you.”
Marjorie smiled and descended the steps, giving Gráinne a dubious look as she passed by her. Gráinne felt even more embarrassed.
“Come on then, lass. We can walk and talk at the same time. Well, I can. I am nae too certain ye can.”
The pair descended the platform’s stairs and walked in silence toward the perimeter of the square. Far enough away from the crowd to assure privacy, Gráinne stopped and looked up at Fenn. Concentrating on remaining calm and focused on the task at hand, she got straight to the point before she lost her nerve. “I have been told you might be interested in commanding a ship. For a fee, of course.”
“That depends on the journey, the ship, and the fee,” Fenn replied.
The way he looked at her told Gráinne he was watching for reactions. She didn’t blink. “Of course, and we can discuss those details.”
“Which of the Seetans is ye husband, lass?”
Gráinne was unnerved. “How do you know my name is Seetan? How do you know the Seetans?”
Fenn grinned. “I have known that Clan me whole life, lass. I was born in the land bordering Vandovir.”
Gráinne felt the colour drain from her face. There is only one land that borders Vandovir—Incorrigible. Caleb is not the only survivor!
“Are ye unwell, lass?” He gently clasped the top of her arm to steady her.
Gráinne took deep breaths until the urge to cry had passed. She looked up at Fenn, searching for a sign of recognition to explain the eerie familiarity she’d previously felt. “I, too, was born in Incorrigible, but I do not remember your family name.”
“The Clan settled there during the Sieges. I am the last of me father’s direct line. And ye, lass? Ye were nae always a Seetan. What is ye father’s name?”
“MacKenna. Braeden MacKenna was my father.”
Fenn grasped Gráinne’s other arm, looking directly into her face. “Ye are a daughter of Arianna Ferrane?”
Gráinne nodded, determined not to cry at hearing her mother’s name spoken aloud. She found the Scot’s grasp comforting and his knowledge of her family even more comforting.
“Come with me, lass. We need to seek a more private place for this discussion. There is much I need to tell ye and much I need to know.” Fenn tilted his head and indicated that he meant they should head toward the harbour.
Gráinne knew she could trust Fenn. Her instincts had told her there were survivors of the mercenary attacks, and her instincts had been right. Now, they told her Fenn was the key to something she needed to learn. Gráinne nodded in agreement.
The two walked casually toward the harbour. “What do ye plan for those three ye contracted today, lass?”
Gráinne laughed and shrugged. “I have no idea. I just could not let them be treated that way. It was cruel.”
Fenn laughed. “Ye definitely are nae a Seetan, lass.”
“Thank the Goddess for that,” she mumbled.
Fenn laughed again, an unreserved laugh that warmed Gráinne.
When they reached the harbour, Fenn led Gráinne to a boat she estimated at about forty verges in length. He took her aboard the vessel and down into a chamber at the rear of the hold. Unlike the cavernous hold of Tell’s ship, the chamber in Fenn’s boat’s hull was lush. Its wooden floor was scattered with thick furs and brightly coloured rugs of woven wool. It held a table and three chairs, a desk, and a bed, all of which were large enough to accommodate someone Fenn’s size. A rope on one wall secured several large chests. On the opposite wall was a tall cabinet, the sides of which had metal rings through which rope had been strung. Remembering how the hold in Tell’s ship had taken the brunt of crashing waves, Gráinne presumed the straps held the cabinet in place when the boat rocked. All of the furniture, save the chairs, was nailed to the wooden floor. Drapes of black silk embroidered with red and gold dragons hung from the ceiling and surrounded the bed. At least a dozen tapestries of different kinds of dragons layered the walls.
Fenn closed and locked the door behind him and motioned for Gráinne to take a seat at the table. He went to the cabinet and took out a jug and two goblets, which he brought to the table. Fenn sat in a chair and unplugged the jug. The scent of its contents wafted into the air.
“Whisky,” Gráinne said.
“Aye. The finest whisky e’er made.”
Remembering Lan speaking to his goblet, Gráinne laughed. She held up her goblet and waited for Fenn to do the same.
“To Incorrigible,” he said, downing the whisky.
Gráinne froze, and the hand that held the goblet began to shake. Tears welled in her eyes.
“What is wrong, lass? Tell me.”
Gráinne sat the goblet on the table and covered her eyes with one hand, trying to make the images of death go away. Fenn waited patiently. When she finally uncovered her eyes, she reached for the goblet and downed the contents in one long swallow.
Fenn arched an eyebrow. “That bad, is it?” he asked.
Gráinne nodded. “Yes. That bad,” she sighed. Unable to hold back the tears, she let them fall of their own accord. “The island was attacked.”
Fenn looked outwardly calm. “Go on.”
“Mercenaries. They came and attacked the island and burned anything that would burn.”
“And the citizens?” he asked.
It was the question she’d dreaded. She looked directly at Fenn’s face, deep sadness covering her own face like a death shroud. “I do not know. He told me all the citizens were dead.”
“Who is ‘he’?” The sternness in his tone suggested revenge.
“Sly’s servant.”
“Sly? Slydor Seetan?”
“No. His son. Slyxx.”
“Ahh,” he said, “so you are the wife of Slyxx.”
Gráinne nodded. “If you could call him a husband, then yes.”
“What do you mean?”
“When Slydor’s son Stephen was killed, Slydor blamed my mother for his death. The Seetans called for Supplantation, and the Council of Elders gave me to the Seetans by judgment. Slydor arranged for a marriage ceremony.”
Fenn set his jaw. “Nae handfasting?”
Gráinne shook her head.
Fenn slammed his fist on the table, and the bottom of the jug rattled.
Tears flowed freely as Gráinne spoke. “I went to Incorrigible, and I found no one alive. But here, outside of Port Firth, I found one. Caleb the blacksmith. First he and now you. I know there are others. I feel them.”
***
Fenn listened. He didn’t know if this woman was right or wrong about survivors, but he knew she was the daughter of Arianna Ferrane. He would bet his last jug of whisky the Seetans were involved in a traitorous plot, and the girl had been snagged as part of it. He’d also bet if the lass were anything like her mother, she wouldn’t just feel and find survivors, she’d draw them to her. At this moment, though, her pain was obvious and deep, and Fenn couldn’t help but reach out and place his hand on Gráinne’s to offer solace. As he touched her, another flash of memory jolted him. “But that one is not for you,” he heard his father saying to him.
“Where are ye servants?” he asked her.
“I sent them to the Inn of Port Firth.”
Fenn grinned. “Good. Marjorie will be there with her young one. I can see that ye make it back there safely. Now, what is this about a ship and a journey?”
Gráinne smiled and used the sleeve of her gown to wipe her tear-streaked face.
Fenn noticed she made no attempt to slip her other hand out from under his.
“The ship is the Cailleach Bheur, and Lan wants to use her first to deliver trade goods to another port.”
“And after that?”
“To sail her to Incorrigible with passengers who will resettle on the island.” She looked apprehensively at Fenn and bit her lip.
Fenn laughed and shook his head. “By Manawyddan, ye have spunk, lass. The Cailleach Bheur is a cursed ship. Ye knew that, dinnae ye? Where will ye find a crew to sail with me? Nae that I am sayin’ I will steer her, mind ye.”
“We came here with Tell Bravin and his crew. Some of the passengers will serve as crew for the trade and resettlement journeys.”
“Tell Bravin?” Fenn belted out, laughing afterward.
Gráinne looked confused. “You know Tell Bravin?”
Fenn laughed and shook his head. “Spunk and luck, lass. Ye sailed aboard the ship of a Rogean slaver and managed to remain free. Pure spunk and luck, I tell ye.”
Gráinne gave a half-smile back at Fenn, as if there were something she wasn’t telling him. “I have made an agreement with Bravin to return to Incorrigible.”
“Nae aboard me ship, he will nae.”
“Your ship?” she asked, looking around at his cabin.
“Dinnae be daft, lass. This is a boat, nae a ship. Aboard the Cailleach Bheur I will nae have slavers while her helm is mine.”
Gráinne grinned and slid her hand out from under Fenn’s hand, offering it instead as a sign of a bargain sealed. “Fair enough. Then, we have an agreement?”
Fenn eyed Gráinne’s hand with his one good eye and laughed. He grasped her hand and squeezed it. “We’ve journeys to plan, and ye’ve much more to tell me about ye ship and her cargo. But first, tell me ye name, lass. I’ll nae be calling ye by that Seetan name.”
A smile stretched Gráinne’s lips, her eyes twinkled. “Gráinne. I am called Gráinne.”
As she spoke, and he held her hand, a vision appeared in his patched eye. Fenn saw the face of the young woman in the marketplace. She sifted through bouquets of flowers, holding up bunch after bunch. After smelling each bundle, she smiled. Her face was radiant, her hair a deep auburn. Tall and slender and with a laugh as fresh as the flowers she held, she chatted unselfconsciously with her companions, a young woman she called Annie and a stern-looking priestess in a blue robe. “Morgraine,” his father whispered to him, laying a hand on his son’s shoulder. “Her name is Morgraine, but that one is not for you.”
Chapter Eighteen

Freedom


John and Marta rushed about the inn’s dining hall with food and drink. Lan had only seen them look happier after the fourth round of whisky. Or was it the fifth? For all the apparent chaos, the mood floated, lively and light. The sun was setting when Gráinne and MacMoragh arrived at the inn.
“Can you put those things away?” Lan asked, shaking his head at Zak.
Zak just grinned in response. One of his tendrils snaked its way to his plate, and its barb stabbed a piece of lamb, lifting it to his mouth.
Lan rolled his eyes and waved at Gráinne as she stood in the doorway surveying the scene. “This one,” he said, pointing to Zak, “is trouble. He has a nasty temper and already has paralyzed the little Elf once.”
Gráinne looked from Lan to Zak to Jaer, who sat as far away from Zak as he could.
“It’s true,” Jaer said. “All I did was say his tentacles were interesting, and he stung me!”
“Tendrils! I told you they are tendrils. I’m Thrull, not an octopus,” Zak snarled back before chomping down viciously on the lamb he’d stabbed with the barbed tendril.
Fenn leaned down to Gráinne’s ear, and Lan tuned his ears toward them. “Ye’ve got a handful in those four lads.”
“Say something to them. They are yours!” Lan squawked, exasperated and tired from chasing the three around for most of the afternoon and evening.
“Did I not tell you not to sting anyone?” she asked Zak, wrinkling her brow as if she were thinking about her own words.
“I didn’t sting him. I paralyzed him,” Zak argued back.
“Make that two hands full,” Fenn said, laughing. He slipped around Gráinne and sat next to Marjorie and her mop-haired son.
Gráinne summoned a stern expression and looked at Jaer. “Tendrils. Call them tendrils.” Then she looked at Zak. “No stinging. No paralyzing. No touching anyone with your tendrils . . . or your barbs,” she said.
Lan thought it wise she covered every possible detail.
She turned her gaze to Dragorloth. “And I do not know what you have or have not done, but whatever it is or is not, do not do it again.”
Dragorloth looked down, an expression of guilt and remorse on his face, and Lan wondered what mischief he’d missed his fellow Kathan committing. He’d found Dragorloth amusing and energetic, but also gentle in a clumsy way.
Fenn burst into laughter.
Finally, Gráinne turned her gaze to Lan, who thought her stare accusing. “I have been the model of patience,” he said firmly.
Zak sniggered.
“I am not a nursemaid. They are your responsibility while they are in my service,” she said.
Lan’s eyes glazed. “But,” he protested. Did she just put me in charge of them?
“But nothing. Shush!”
The noise level in the room dropped dramatically.
“Well done, lass,” Fenn said, leaning over to her ear once more. “Someday, ye will make a good queen and mother.”
Gráinne looked horrified, and Lan heard the question in her thoughts. “Mother?”
 “Lan,” she said, looking away from Fenn. “Captain MacMoragh has agreed to sail the Cailleach Bheur. He has questions I cannot answer, so I leave it to you to give him the details of the delivery contracts and the specifics of the ship’s capabilities.”
“Of course,” Lan said. He shook off his surprise. Turning his gaze to Fenn, he added, “Perhaps after we sup, we can discuss those matters. I am at your disposal, Captain.”
“Bah,” Fenn replied. “It can wait ‘til the ‘morrow.”
“As you wish, Captain,” Lan replied politely, but his ears slowly laid back against his hair in agitation.
“Do not annoy him.”
“Truly, woman,” Lan grumbled in response to Gráinne’s thought before he realized he’d spoken his own thought aloud. Something about the big Scot bespoke authority and danger, and it grated on Lan’s nerves ever so slightly. But, he needed a Captain, so he wouldn’t push his luck, at least not just yet.
Marta and John reappeared from the kitchen with more food and wine. The remainder of the meal was uneventful, much to Lan’s relief. The lads, as Fenn called them, behaved themselves. Chatter focused on forecasts mystics had given for the season’s sailing weather. Fenn predicted smooth sailing for both the delivery contract journey and the trip home if they didn’t delay in embarking. From time to time, Marta or John piped in with information about resources they would need, such as dry goods and where to get them. At the end of the meal, Marjorie said a polite goodnight to everyone and then took her son by the hand and led him out of the room toward the staircase, disappearing from sight. Shortly thereafter, Fenn and John disappeared into a room adjoining the dining hall. Lan guessed it was to consume volumes of whisky. He didn’t feel slighted for not having been invited to join them. He’d had enough whisky to last a good long time.
Lan thought it just as well the Captain and innkeeper had excluded him and weren’t present to see his mouth fall open when Gráinne cleared her throat and announced without a single warning, “First, I wish to say that I am cancelling your contracts.”
Dragorloth‘s eyes widened and then his brow wrinkled. “Have we displeased you, Mistress?”
Gráinne shook her head. “No. I mean that I am not requiring you to fulfill your contracts.”
Dragorloth’s eyes saddened, and he said nothing more. Lan recognized the forlorn look. He’d seen it hundreds of times on the faces of rejected slaves. He knew what it meant for the slaves sent down in Alsahm. He wasn’t sure what it would mean for Dragorloth.
“I’m a little confused. What are you saying?” Jaer asked.
“None of you will be required to serve me or my household. You may do as you please, Jaer. You may leave and go wherever you like. You owe me nothing. The same is true for you, Dragorloth. As for you, Zak,” she said, looking in his direction, “I am not sure what to do with you. Your contract was for a season. At the end of the season, you were to return to your . . . to Velaria, I believe her name is?”
Zak nodded.
Lan spotted the tendrils layered one over the other, draping the Thrull’s sides. He presumed it meant Zak was unhappy or shocked or maybe frightened. Zak had been the most difficult of the three to read. While Dragorloth exuded unrestrained honesty and Jaer hid his insecurities behind sarcasm, Zak teased and taunted, and Lan didn’t think it had all been in good fun. He wasn’t sure what that said about the Thrull.
“For one season,” Gráinne continued, “you may do as you please. After that, the law does not give me the right to decide what you may or may not do, though it is not my wish that you remain a . . . an unpaid servant . . . to anyone.”
“She will come for me,” said Zak.
“We will face that day when it comes,” Gráinne responded.
Lan caught a shimmer in Zak’s tendrils that told him the Thrull was shuddering. Sometimes, the woman’s lack of concern for what lay ahead for others infuriated Lan. She rushed blindly into matters, and others suffered for it. Zak would face an angry Mistress. For his own role in her adventure, Lan would suffer, too. Now, to make matters worse, he would have no slaves to give to his Master to further justify the unapproved travel or the hundred and fifty silver Gráinne had spent.
“What are we supposed to do?” asked Jaer. “No food. No money. No work.”
Gráinne took a slow, deep breath before answering. “That is the other matter I wish to discuss with you.”
She glanced at Lan apprehensively, and his stomach knotted.
“I have a ship in need of a crew and a land in need of resettlement. If you wish, you may work on the ship as crew members in exchange for your board and fare to my homeland.”
“What land is that?” Jaer asked, skepticism lifting one eyebrow.
“Incorrigible.”
“Never heard of it,” he responded. “What kind of land is it?”
Gráinne sighed. “A land in need of healing.”
“That doesn’t tell me anything,” Jaer said. “Does it have woods?”
“It once did. They were burned.”
“Doesn’t sound like a nice place for an Elf to live. We like trees.”
“The trees will grow again, as will the realm,” she replied. She looked at Lan.
“Goddess, let that be true.” This time, Lan found nothing funny in her invocation.
“You do not have to come with us. It is your choice. I ask only one thing from the three of you—that you remain in my service for one more day.” She looked at each of them. “And that is a request, not a command.”
What are you up to, woman?
“Lan, is there enough space in your room for the others to join you?” Gráinne asked, nodding toward the others.
“Yes, if Marta has a few extra quilts.”
Marta nodded enthusiastically. “I’ll bring them up for you.” She rose from the table, taking empty platters and plates with her into the kitchen before she trotted off to retrieve the extra bedding.
“It has been a long day, and I am knackered.” Gráinne stood.
Dragorloth jumped to his feet, his chair teetering precariously behind him. “Would you like me to check your room and warm your bed for you, Mistress?”
Gráinne’s jaw dropped. “Err. I think it will be fine, Dragorloth, but thank you for offering.”
“I don’t mind, Mistress. I want to.”
Gráinne smiled at the Kathan, who looked disappointed. “Will it make you feel better to check my room?”
“Yes, Mistress. It will.”
“Then, check my room if you wish, but there is no need to warm my bed.”
“Yes, Mistress,” he replied, dashing for the staircase as if there might be a fire to extinguish.
“My name is . . . .” Gráinne called out behind him and then looked at Lan and sighed.
Lan cleared his throat. She wasn’t getting away with this without getting a piece of his mind. “Jaer. Zak. Go upstairs to the room and help Marta. I will be up in a moment.”
“You’re leaving me alone with him?!” Jaer howled.
“Yes, I am. Now, go at once!” Lan hissed.
“Fine,” Jaer said, pushing his chair away from the table and standing. “You’ll find me dead on a clean quilt,” he sniped at Gráinne as he passed her.
Zak followed, sniggering.
When the two rounded the doorway, Lan whirled around to Gráinne. “Who do you think you are? You spent his silver buying them and then just set them free without a care as to how I can explain this to him?”
Gráinne’s mouth and eyes were wide open. “I am not forcing them to serve anyone, Lan. There will be no Masters or Mistresses or slaves. I would have thought you would understand.”
“Understand what? That you prevented a Kathan from living his destiny?”
“His destiny? What are you saying, Lan?”
“I am saying he was born to serve. Did you see his face? You have told him he isn’t worthy.”
“I said no such thing,” she replied. Lan could hear the snarl growing in her gut.
“What about the silver you paid? How do you expect to get it back if you set them free?”
“I do not know, but I am not keeping slaves.” She reached out to Lan and laid a hand on his arm. “You are not a slave. They are not slaves.”
The woman was the most stubborn being he’d known. “You do not know a thing about me,” Lan said, looking away from her.
“I will find a way to help you, too.”
Lan rose and went to his room, where he found Zak and Jaer lying on quilts on opposite sides of the room. Dragorloth sat on the edge of the bed, looking down at his bare feet. Lan crawled onto the bed and curled into a ball, his back to the other Kathan.
The bed rustled, and Lan felt the heat of Dragorloth’s fur snuggling against his back. “She means well.”
“I know,” replied Lan. As he drifted off to sleep, he thought about the others. Although their antics brought chaos, he had enjoyed the company of other males, and he found special comfort in having Dragorloth nearby. He had so often felt lonely. Even if they hadn’t spoken of their homeland or their circumstances, he knew Dragorloth understood what it felt like for a Kathan to serve—the sense of worth and dignity in a job well done, even if the two employed very different faculties in very different kinds of work. Each served, and that was all that mattered in the hierarchy of destinies. He had once considered freedom an option, but now he didn’t, at least not for himself. He didn’t begrudge the others their freedom. He simply didn’t think they would remain free any more than he would when Slyxx returned. He feared for all of them.
Extras

About the author

Want to chat with other readers, get news about upcoming releases and special sales, get advance notices about upcoming appearances, sign up for contests and giveaways and other fun stuff, and explore all that’s . . . . well, . . . . simply Incorrigible?

Subscribe to Morgen’s mailing list for infrequent announcements about sales and releases. Your information will never be shared with anyone, and you can unsubscribe at any time by clicking on a link in the e-mail.

Join the Incorrigible community on Facebook

Connect with Morgen on Facebook or Twitter

Add Morgen to your Google+ Circles

Visit World Enough and Time (Morgen’s blog) if you’re interested in discussions about writing, speculative fiction, science fiction, fantasy, publishing, book reviews, and sometimes, just plain silliness.

If you’re a lover of serial fiction or a writer of fiction that can be serialized, drop by Bookmite Press.

Find out what happens to Gráinne and her companions!
Click below for a Special Preview of Gathering
Part Three of Incorrigible: Secrets Past & Present
The story continues . . . 
Chapter Nineteen

Guarding


Morning arrived without any dreams Gráinne could remember. She dressed and went downstairs to meet with Fenn, who was already having breakfast with Lan. None of their other companions had come downstairs yet, and Gráinne felt grateful for the chance to speak with Lan and Fenn without distractions. “Good morning,” she said.
“Good morning,” Fenn and Lan replied in unison.
“Fenn and I are going to see the Cailleach Bheur today. She made port last night,” Lan added without hesitation.
Gráinne sat at the table and eyed the cheese and bread Marta had left for them. “Marvelous! She is early. When do we leave?”
“Nae, lass. There is bound to be gossip about ye silver after that scene at the market yesterday. Lan and I agree we can make a better bargain without ye.”
“Oh,” she said, feeling a tad nonplussed.
“Do not pout. It is unbecoming,” chided Lan.
“What am I to do for the day then?” she asked.
Lan shrugged. “Tend the children?” he said sarcastically, looking up at the ceiling.
Fenn laughed.
After an awkward silence, he looked at Fenn. “We will have to negotiate shrewdly.”
Fenn shook his head. “One hundred-fifty silver pieces worth of shrewdly, I would say, lad. I dinnae think ye’ll change the lass’ mind.”
Lan sighed and mumbled.
Fenn laughed and dug into his breakfast.
Gráinne thought she caught “no” and “ridiculous” and “stubborn woman” in the mumbling. She ignored it and continued to eye the cheese and bread until she couldn’t resist either.
Fenn spoke up. “I have been thinkin’. If ye and the lads sleep on the Cailleach Bheur and sail on her for the goods delivery, ye can save the silver ye would be paying for lodging. Marjorie, the boy, and I will be moving to my boat today.”
Lan started to calculate aloud. “Two silver and two coppers each day, one for each room, including board. Two silver plus three coppers per day if Caera were here. That is what we would have paid without the additional expense of those three.” He looked at Fenn as he continued. “If it takes Caera five days to get here, and the passengers another two, then we could leave in a week. One week at two silver and two copper each day is fifteen silver and four copper savings, plus 2 copper savings for Caera’s stay. A total of fifteen silver and six copper we can save by staying on the ship,” he announced. “However, there will be expenses to feed the horde.” He looked up again.
“How long will the journey to fulfill the contract take?” Gráinne asked Fenn.
The big Scot rubbed his chin. “With fair winds, six or seven days there and back. Depends on the cargo. Light freight, faster sailing.”
Gráinne bit her lip. “And how many crew members does it take to sail her?”
“Ah, well, that I cannae tell ye. Depends on the crew. In fair winds, she may take only three or four worthy seamen for each shift. Two shifts. Depends on the ship. I need to see her to know what condition she is in. I hear she ran aground in Librar.”
“But surely she is in good condition if she sailed here,” Gráinne said.
“Aye. One would think so, but a Captain has to be sure. I’ll nae set her to sail ‘til she’s sea-worthy.”
“Very well, then,” Gráinne said. “It would appear we cannot finalize our plans until you and Lan have seen the ship and negotiated the purchase and contract. I will tend to the lads. We can discuss what you learn this evening.” She rose from the table, focusing her thoughts on speaking with the three males in Lan’s room.
Before she was out of earshot, she heard Lan say, “Her thoughts are never that simple.”
Fenn laughed. “If ye think ye can learn the mind of a lass, ye’ll be spendin’ all ye nine lives apprenticed to a scholar.”
Lan hissed, and Fenn laughed again. “We have a ship to buy, lad. Daylight is burnin’.”
Gráinne went straight to her room and packed her belongings and Caera’s before proceeding down the hallway. From Lan’s room came the sound of laughter. Gráinne smiled as she knocked on the wooden door. The laughter died down, and the door creaked open a sliver.
Jaer looked up at Gráinne. “Oh, it’s just you, Mistress.”
“Who did you think it would be?” she asked.
Jaer shrugged. “I don’t know. Master, maybe?”
Gráinne’s skin prickled. “Will you please tell the others to pack their belongings and come down for breakfast? We have somewhere to go.”
“Yes, Mistress,” Jaer responded.
“Gráinne,” she said, agitated. “My name is Gráinne, not Mistress.”
Someone whispered softly from behind the door. Jaer looked over his shoulder, obviously toward whichever of his companions had whispered to him. He turned his head slowly back and looked up at Gráinne. “Err . . . Gráinne.”
“Thank you,” she said. “I will be in the kitchen.”
“Yes, Mis . . . Gráinne.”
As she walked down the hallway toward the stairs, she heard the door close and the sound of Dragorloth’s deep baritone voice. “Outta bed, lazy beast. Let’s get a move on.”
Gráinne chuckled. Lan and Fenn were only partially correct—the lads were a handful, but a handful of playful mischief. On the way to the kitchen, Gráinne stopped in her room and penned a note to Lan and Fenn, which she folded neatly and put into the pocket of her gown. A few minutes after she made her way downstairs and sat down in the kitchen, the trio arrived. Jaer sat down immediately, surveying the food on the table, and Dragorloth smacked the top of Jaer’s head.
“Hey! What was that for?” Jaer rubbed his scalp, mussing his hair in the process.
“Where are your manners, boy?” Dragorloth scowled.
“Oh. Sorry,” he said, standing up. “I was hungry.”
“Please sit down,” Gráinne interjected.
Jaer stuck out his tongue at Dragorloth and sat back down again. Zak and the Kathan took seats, as well.
“While you are having breakfast, I will tell you what service I ask of you today,” she said, getting straight to the point.
Jaer didn’t wait to grab an apple and begin eating, though he looked at Gráinne attentively. Zak stabbed a piece of cheese with one barbed tendril and wrapped another tendril around a piece of bread. Dragorloth put several pieces of cheese on his plate and then filled his bowl with gruel. He looked from the food to Gráinne and back to the food.
“Go ahead and eat, please. I have eaten already.”
Dragorloth spooned some gruel into his mouth.
“I will be venturing outside of Port Firth today and would like your company.”
“Why are you going to a place outside Port Firth? How far away is this place?” Jaer asked.
“I am going to speak with someone, and that is all I can tell you now,” she said. Gráinne felt strongly that she had to keep secret the whereabouts of the cave dwellers. Although she didn’t believe any of the three lads would harm them, she wasn’t sure they wouldn’t inadvertently endanger the community. She didn’t wish to be responsible, even indirectly, for another attack on the encampment.
“I’ll go with you,” Dragorloth said. There was a tone in his voice she hadn’t heard before, a boldness that aired confidence. “This . . . I . . . don’t want you to go alone today. And I have never been given a thing in my life. I’ve worked for every scrap I’ve eaten. I’m not taking charity now. Water isn’t my favorite thing to be around, and I don’t know anything about sailing, but I’ll come with you and be your guard if you’ll have me. That I can do, and all I can say is this Kathan . . . I . . . pity anyone who tries to harm you.”
Gráinne smiled. “Are you sure?”
“Yep,” he said instantly and with undeniable certainty.
“Thank you.”
“I’ll go, too,” Zak said. “Where else am I going to go? Back to Velaria? That’ll come soon enough.”
“Thank you, Zak.” Although Gráinne didn’t say what she was thinking, she felt a sudden determination to figure out a way to get Zak out of the grips of Velaria. She had a season to find a solution.
Gráinne, Dragorloth, and Zak shifted their gaze to Jaer.
“What?” the little Elf asked.
Nobody spoke.
“I’ve got no appointments,” he said wryly.
Zak sniggered, but nobody responded to Jaer’s comment. Gráinne held her breath. Jaer was the one of the three about whom she was most uncertain. Outwardly jaded, she still sensed in him a gentleness he hid from the world.
“Fine. I’ll come along, too,” he said.
Gráinne breathed a sigh of relief. “Thank you, Jaer.”
“For a while anyway.”
Zak sniggered again and smacked Jaer on the back of his head with a tendril. All four laughed.
Gráinne genuinely liked the three lads. They warmed her heart. Yes, they were lively, but she had a feeling they could become a fond and lasting brotherhood and so much more.
Since the day she’d arrived at the inn, she’d longed to sit in the sunshine and smell the flowers in Marta’s garden. Now, she had a reason to appreciate a few moments of solitude among beauty that was the fruit of another’s labor. “I will be in the garden,” Gráinne said. “When you have finished your breakfast, leave your packed belongings in the room and meet me there. Bring your weapons if you have any.” She rose from the chair and reached into her pocket, pulling out the note she’d written and offering it to Jaer. “Please leave this in the room somewhere Lan cannot miss seeing it. He will be worried if he returns and does not know where we are.” Gráinne smiled warmly at the three.
Jaer looked at the folded parchment. He read the words on the exterior. “Lan and Fenn.” He unfolded the note and read the neatly written script aloud. “We are with Caera. We will meet you on the Cailleach Bheur in two or three days. Be prepared to sail, if possible. I will bring a crew if I can. Do not worry! The lads are with me, and I am safe. Gráinne.”
In response to the smack on the back of his head by both Dragorloth and Zak, Jaer quietly exclaimed, “What?! I’m a thief. What did you expect? And who’s Caera?”
Gráinne slipped into the garden and a meditation she knew would be short. In the background, she heard Dragorloth’s baritone voice commanding, “Get a move on, you lazy beast!” Drawing in the scents of the garden, she whispered, “Thank you, Mother.”
The journey to the woods outside of Port Firth was boisterous. Gráinne couldn’t remember when she’d laughed so much. The three males playfully taunted each other, yet remained alert to their surroundings without spoiling the mood. Between their comedic antics, Gráinne’s thoughts kept returning to the cave dwellers and her fear that she might expose them to danger. When they reached the edge of the woods, she held up a hand and quieted her three companions, certain Jarrod and the other archers would be watching. “There are others in the woods,” she said. “They will not harm me, but I must ask you not to make any aggressive movements. Stay back a bit until I call for you.”
As she’d expected, Jarrod and the other archers were waiting in the same spot where they’d been when she and Caera and Lan had first encountered them.
Jarrod stepped out of the bushes and approached her. “Greetings, Marquessa.”
Gráinne smiled. “Greetings, Jarrod. I have come to speak with Brodar again.”
Worry glazed the half-Elf’s face. “Why have you brought armed males with you?”
“They are my guards. I could not risk making the journey here alone.”
“I see.”
Before she could continue, crisp leaves crackled.
“I mean you no harm,” Dragorloth called out.
Gráinne’s head jerked in the direction of Dragorloth’s voice. Jarrod’s movements were surprisingly quick for a male his size. He whirled Gráinne around, and wrapped an arm around her throat, pulling her against him.
“Show yourself,” the half-Elf demanded.
Dragorloth stepped out from behind a tree. Both of his arms were outstretched, and his left hand was empty. In his right was his sword, held loosely with its tip down. “Let her go. I mean you no harm and will lay down my weapon.”
Gráinne could feel Jarrod’s heartbeat thumping against her shoulder blades. “He will not hurt anyone,” she said quietly to him. She prayed she was right. Though she struggled with the idea of being held captive, she knew calm and stillness were the best chances she had of keeping the situation from spiraling out of control. Her eyes flashed from brown to blue, and she took deep breaths, resisting the urge to Shift.
“Where are your companions?” Jarrod called out.
Dragorloth bent down and placed his sword on the ground before answering. He continued to walk toward Jarrod and Gráinne, his steps as light and silent as those of a cat stalking prey. “At the edge of the woods, watching the road to be sure we weren’t followed.”
“Caleb! Get his sword.” Jarrod eyed Dragorloth and kept his arm firmly around Gráinne’s throat.
Caleb tumbled out of the bushes as noisily as he had the first time Gráinne had seen him in the woods. His path to the sword was a wide arc that avoided getting too close to Dragorloth. “Got it,” he yelled back. Then he made another wide arc around Dragorloth and stood beside Jarrod, the Kathan’s sword in hand. His eyes darted around in search of movement. From time to time, he looked at Dragorloth and squinted as if trying to see him more clearly.
“Why would anyone follow you?” Jarrod asked Dragorloth.
“I don’t know, but Gráinne seemed concerned that no others discover where you are. My brothers are making sure nobody follows her or you. Now, let go of her. I don’t want any trouble, but I can’t let you hold her that way. Search me if you need to, but let the woman go. She came here in peace, as have I.”
“How do I know that?”
Dragorloth smirked. “Heh. If I came for any reason other than peace, you, the Dwarf, and the six archers behind the bushes would be dead, and I’d be eight bows, three swords, and four daggers richer, eh?”
The Kathan’s words triggered Caleb’s memory. He remembered where he’d seen the strange creature. “You’re Dragorloth, aren’t you?” he asked.
Dragorloth nodded.
“Jarrod. Remember when I told you about seeing a warrior fight in the arena in Saxon Harbour? He fought half a dozen at once and then refused to fight the boy who was dragged into the arena. He’s the one. Dragorloth of Savira.”
“Is that true? Is that you?” Jarrod asked.
Dragorloth nodded.
“Why didn’t you fight the boy?”
Dragorloth shook his head. “I chose not to be a murderer.”
The word “chose” rang out louder in Gráinne’s ears than did the other words the Kathan had spoken. He did understand about choice, after all.
“Give your weapons to Caleb, and then come this way,” Jarrod replied in his typically curt manner.
When they entered the mouth of the cave, Jaer said, “Aww, no trees.”
Dragorloth looked around and listened. “We’re being watched,” he said quietly.
Gráinne looked around but didn’t see anyone.
Jarrod grinned but offered no explanation. “We are almost there. This way,” he said and then continued to guide them through twisting tunnels and one small chamber after another. Finally, they reached the cave Gráinne remembered as the one connected to the encampment.
As they entered the enormous chamber filled with tents and huts, Zak gushed with enthusiasm. “Bloody hell. This is magnificent.” His tendrils relaxed, swaying to and fro, occasionally pausing and shuddering just on the tips. 
The pattern of pausing and resumed movement made Gráinne wonder if the tendrils had senses of their own. She laughed, remembering how surprised she’d been the first time she’d seen the encampment. “Indeed, it is.”
Jarrod pointed to the sleeping chamber where Caera, Lan, and Gráinne had stayed. “You can go there, and I’ll fetch Brodar.” In his usual manner, he set off toward the huts and tents with a long stride.
“Thank you, Jarrod,” she said, barely in time for him to hear. Gráinne led her companions through the encampment toward the ladder of the sleeping chamber.
Along the way, the three males took in the sights around them, whispering to each other and pointing at some of the cave’s features, such as the holes in the wall and the waterfall. As they had been the first time Gráinne had passed through the encampment, the cave’s inhabitants were out of sight, but Gráinne knew their eyes watched her and the three strangers with her. She wondered if the little children saw Zak as a threat or a curiosity. She was certain their mothers were holding them close.
Upon entering the sleeping chamber, the reaction of the trio was much the same as Caera’s had been. They walked around the chamber, touching rugs and lanterns and marveling at the plant life that clung to the cave walls.
Within minutes, Jarrod appeared in the entrance to the chamber. “Brodar will meet you by the waterfall, Marquessa.”
“Thank you, Jarrod,” she replied. Gráinne turned back toward the others and noticed that Dragorloth’s ears were perked, and his lips pursed so tightly they looked half as thin as they really were. She approached him and quietly asked, “Will you ever forgive him?”
“Yes,” he replied, “but I will never trust him.”
Gráinne could accept and understand how Dragorloth felt. She, too, had learned not to trust. She shook off the feeling and said, “I must go meet the leader of this place. I do not mind if you come along.”
“You’re safe here. I will stay with the others,” he said, tilting his head toward Zak and Jaer. “Somebody has to keep those two out of trouble. A paralyzed Elf is not a pretty sight, I tell you.”
Gráinne laughed. “Caera is the cook in Vandovir. She is here somewhere, most likely stirring someone else’s pot. If she returns, tell her you have come with me, and she will treat you well.” She looked at Zak and Jaer, who nosily peered into the crates in the back of the chamber. “Will you let them know where I have gone, and that I will return soon?”
Dragorloth confirmed with a nod that he would do as she requested, and she climbed down the ladder.
Brodar was waiting for her when she arrived at the waterfall. “Greetings, Gráinne,” he said before flashing a broad, flat-toothed smile.
“Greetings, Brodar.” She felt genuine admiration for the Bovan and was happy she’d gotten the chance to see him again.
“We did not expect you to return, but it is our pleasure that you have.”
“Thank you. I had not expected to return either, but we have had a stroke of luck. The Scot you told Lan about has agreed to sail the Cailleach Bheur, and she has arrived in port earlier than expected. She will set off to deliver goods in two days and will return to pick up passengers in eight or nine days.”
Brodar rubbed his chin. “Hmm,” he said. “One of the traders has returned with news that the rest of them should be back in a few days. That is well before the ship sails for your homeland. I will tell the clan leaders your news.”
“Any able-bodied males who can make the journey to deliver the goods will need to come to Port Firth with me tomorrow.”
Brodar frowned.
Gráinne knew what was worrying him. “I promise they will be safe. I have brought three guards with me, and we will skirt the town and go straight to the ship.”
The Bovan’s expression didn’t reflect any relief.
Gráinne searched her memory for something that might put him at ease, and then she remembered what Fenn had told her about the Rogean slavers. “Captain MacMoragh will not allow anyone aboard his ship if they intend harm. I am sure of that. He told me he would not allow men to board the ship because he knew them to be slavers.”
Brodar sighed. “I will pass along the news, Gráinne.”
“How many do you believe will come to Incorrigible with us?”
“Ah, well, that is another matter altogether. The clan leaders have reported some apprehension among their followers.”
Gráinne’s heart sank.
“They have decided some interested in resettling will go with you on this journey, and if all is as you have said, others will follow in the Spring.”
Gráinne smiled. “That is reasonable and wise. I am pleased,” she said, reaching out to gently lay a hand on Brodar’s massive hand. “They will have good lives, Brodar.”
The Bovan studied Gráinne’s face. “If I did not believe that, I would have killed you the first time I looked into those beautiful eyes of yours.”
As Gráinne gazed at the Bovan, she curled her fingers around the back of his hand and squeezed. She knew his words weren’t meant as a threat. They were a confession, an expression of the loyalty he felt to the community. She could respect loyalty, and she respected Brodar for the depth of his commitment. “What?!” she gasped with a grin on her face. “And have missed the chance to hold my hand?”
Brodar belted out a loud, genuine laugh. When Gráinne released his hand, he said, “Very well, then. I will report your news to the clan leaders. If I do not see you again before you leave, I wish you fair winds, Gráinne. Fair winds and the blessings of your Goddess.”
Gráinne felt sad that she might not see the Bovan again. She truly liked him. “And the same for you, Brodar. Do not forget to take care of you. Should you ever yearn for a change of scenery, I hope you will visit Incorrigible. It would be my honour to have you there as guest,” she said, finishing her sentence in the same way he had, as a question implied by pitch, “or citizen.”
She thought she saw a tear in Brodar’s eye, but before she could look more closely, the Bovan chuckled, turned, and walked away, yelling over his shoulder, “Fare thee well, Gráinne Roisin Ferrane MacKenna Seetan, Marquessa of Vandovir, fare thee well!”
Gráinne turned her gaze toward the waterfall, smiling and impressed Brodar had remembered her whole name. She sensed she’d never see him again but would remember him always. From behind her, she caught the sound of harmonic tones. Glendoque!
