Demonic Temptations – Incubus Tormented / Succubus Forgotten
Written By: Steven Sterup Jr.
Copyright 2018 Steven Sterup Jr.

Legal Disclaimer - This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events, and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.

Special thanks to my wife, Tammy, for her help with pretty much every step of making this book.

This series happens in the Asuune universe, several years after the events of the Asuune series.
Although some of this series is more meaningful if you have read Curse of the Asuune and Deception of the Asuune, it is its own series. A few of the references to some of the characters from previous books may not make as much impact, but the story itself will still make sense.
That being said, I encourage you to read Curse of the Asuune and Deception of the Asuune if you happen to like this one.

Table of Contents
Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Epilogue

Prologue
Excerpts from the book A Study on Religious Creatures by Dr. Agnus Sherman 1802.
Nephilim – The child of an angel and a human. Nephilim have the normal life span of a human but are immune to most human diseases. For all intents and purposes, they are humans who are just very healthy.
Asuune – The word means ascended in a long forgotten, ancient language from the dawn of mankind. Nephilim who drink angel blood or are injected with venom from one who is already Asuune transform into an incredible creature. This new creature has immortality and can only be killed by the removal of their head or completely draining them of all their blood. Most Asuune assume the role of protecting humanity from the evils of The Beast, otherwise known as the devil.
Versipellis – Latin for skin turner. Often shortened to Versi. They are believed to be the basis for most werewolf lore. A Versi is an Asuune who has the genes to change parts of their body to look like an animal. This is usually only their face, fangs, and claws. Wolf is the most common, with feline being very rare. There is also one known case of a bear Versi.
Vampire – Unlike the vampires of legend, vampires are merely Asuune who have become addicted to drinking human blood. Their physical changes appear like that of traditional vampire lore, but that is where the similarities end. Vampires have the same weakness as Asuune but are violent and uncaring beasts who only care about where their next fix is coming from. The addiction to blood is often talked about as being like heroin, cocaine, and meth mixed with alcohol. It is a very strong addiction all Asuune must be wary of. Withdrawals from blood addiction almost always end with the death of the Vampire.
Demon - Despite the disgustingly vile habits of the Vampires, they are not inherently evil. The same cannot be said for The Beast’s children. Demons are the epitome of evil on earth. These violent killing machines have no remorse and no concern for human life. They kill for the sheer pleasure of watching their victim die in agony. If you are ever cornered by a demon, pray to God that the horrid creature is in a hurry and kills you swiftly. Becoming the focus of a demon’s rage or curiosity is a fate I wouldn’t wish on my worst enemy.
Succubus/Incubus – The succubus (female) and incubus (male) are half demon and half human. These confused creatures are stuck between the desire to live a normal human existence and the hunger to take human life. Theirs is a torturous life plagued with impulses that can only be satiated by having sex. Not a lot is known about these creatures, but by all accounts, they do not seem to inherit their parents, the true demon’s, lust for human suffering. Instead, they merely try to survive by draining the life force of humans they encounter. I personally have never seen one of these creatures and don’t relish the thought of it. Their seductive ways are nearly impossible to resist, and although they are not evil, they have little control over their own desires and unquenchable lust for sexual contact.

Chapter 1
Shawn Vartlet waited on the elevator as it made its way to the third floor of the hospital he was all too familiar with. Shawn had blond hair and blue eyes that had once looked at the world with wonder. It was only in the last few years had they turned cold and uncaring. His muscular frame had also grown thin these last years. He was still handsome, at least that’s what he was told by the women who hit on him constantly, he was just thinner.
When the elevator signaled his floor, he stepped off, lost in thought. He was seeing a new therapist today. His normal therapist had referred him to another therapist who specialized in sexual disorders. Shawn found this amusing, if not embarrassing. He did have a sexual disorder, he couldn’t have sex. His illness, the one the doctors still couldn’t figure out, caused women he had sex with to start acting strangely, dangerously so. When he was a teenager, he chalked it up to teenage hormones. Teenage girls were often possessive of their boyfriends, but they didn’t usually get violently jealous. His first girlfriend, Carol, was now in a mental institution. She had tried to kill a female teacher that, in her mind, was giving Shawn too much attention. This may have been true, the teacher would often keep him after class to discuss his progress, but that didn’t mean Carol had to bring a knife to school and stab the teacher.
He tried a relationship again after he was eighteen. Finding a cute brunette named Shantel who adored him. The first weeks of their relationship were happy, and Shantel seemed to care a great deal for him, but then their relationship took a sharp turn when they had sex. Shantel became overly possessive and practically tore his clothes off every time they were alone. She eventually kidnapped Shawn and kept him as a sex slave for a week before she committed suicide. Shawn chalked this one up to mental instability. He wondered how he had missed the signs a second time. It seemed he was a magnet for crazy women?
It was his third girlfriend, Valerie, who made him realize he wasn’t picking crazy women, he was making them crazy. Valerie lasted much longer than the first two, mostly because she was a religious girl who thought sex should be shared only after the couple was truly in love. Shawn adored Valerie and thought he had finally found a stable girlfriend. He was ready to propose to her, but that was the night they first had sex. Valerie’s mood changed immediately afterward. It wasn’t subtle like the others, she became possessive and agitated before he even had the chance to propose.
He noticed the changes immediately and decided to forgo his proposal until he had more information. But that, in itself was a mistake.
Valerie started calling him at work to make sure he was alright. She waited at his apartment for him to come home every evening and only seemed to be sane while they were having sex. Luckily for Valerie, they had only had sex three times before Shawn realized that he was the cause.
He left his home town of Kurn Kansas without saying a word to anyone and moved to Caveat Wyoming. It was a huge change moving from his home town of three thousand people to a large city with over fifty thousand, but it gave him the anonymity he needed. He checked on Valerie, and after a few weeks, she seemed to get better. She was never the same woman he had fallen in love with, but at least she wasn’t dead or in an asylum.
His guilt brought him to Caveat as much as his desire to disappear. Caveat had one of the country’s best rare disease research facilities. This facility was headed by Elisabeth Lowitt, one of the foremost doctors in the field of rare diseases. She herself had a disease no one could find a cure for, so Shawn placed his faith in her.
It had been five years, and Shawn was now twenty-four. Lisa, as she urged Shawn to call her, had worked on his case diligently. However, much like her own illness, there was no cure. Not only was there no cure, but there was no treatment. It didn’t seem to have anything to do with sexual contact for him. It had something to do with the pheromones he produced during sex or even arousal. Wearing a condom had no effect. The test women, whom Shawn pitied, came down with the same symptoms as his girlfriends. These women had volunteered, actually, they had practically begged, for Shawn to use them, but the guilt he felt for what happened afterward was something he never wanted to feel again. The reactions ranged from mild personality ticks in most to full-blown insanity in one woman. This was after only one encounter each.
Shawn pulled himself from his thoughts as he walked by Dr. Lisa’s office. She was a kind woman. Sometimes Shawn would make excuses to visit her and just talk. She was safe. She knew about his illness and even had one of her own. Over time they had become friends, best friends. Sometimes Shawn thought she might be more than a friend, but he refused to let himself dwell on this thought. He knew what happened to ‘more than friends’ when it involved him. She could never be anything more, despite his possible feelings for her.
As Shawn walked by Dr. Lisa’s office, he waved to her. She smiled and pushed up the glasses that were far too thick for her delicate face, then waved at him. Her brown hair was always in a hair net, and today was no different. She wore no makeup along with her lab coat that looked a size too big. Lately, she had started wearing lots of heavy clothes. It covered the curves of her feminine shape, and Shawn was glad for this. He wasn’t sure why she had started dressing less provocatively two years ago and just assumed it had something to do with her own illness. Shawn never asked her about it. Lisa was very touchy about her illness, so Shawn avoided the subject. They were friends. If there was something she wanted to talk about surely, she would bring it up. Wouldn’t she?
Shawn continued down the long hallway. His stomach started to tie in knots as he approached his therapist’s office. This new person, Sam, was a sex therapist. Sure, he had a sexual disorder, but how was a sex therapist going to help? He didn’t need help having sex. In fact, he could pick a woman at random and nine times out of ten, he could have them in bed in no time flat. Most times, he didn’t even have to speak to the women. One would just pop up out of nowhere and proposition him. No, he didn’t need help having sex, he needed help not having it. He had abstained for four years now, after the horrible mistake of allowing Lisa to talk him into the tests. She assured him the knowledge was extremely useful, and it was, he now knew women couldn’t even be in the same room with him when he was sexually excited. These reactions weren’t permanent, but they were very dangerous. The women lost control of their inhibitions. This pretty much made any kind of relations impossible.
Shawn pushed the door open and saw a woman bent over the desk. She looked very attractive. Her obviously brown hair had been dyed a deep red. From behind, Shawn couldn’t see her face, but what he could see was not helping his situation at all. She had finely toned legs which stood on top of three-inch heels. Her tight skirt was just above her knees, and her legs went up to a nicely… He couldn’t look anymore. This was not a good idea. If he even thought about sex, things would get ugly, fast. Lisa had done more tests after the failure with the women. She had him look at sexually provocative pictures while monitoring the air around him. Just getting excited caused his pheromones to spike. For some reason, Lisa either had an iron constitution, or she was immune to his charms. The other women who had been near him when he was excited didn’t have such good luck.
Shawn’s gorgeous new therapist turned around when she realized Shawn was there.
“Shawn?” she asked politely.
He turned to face her and wished he hadn’t.
She was something from a fantasy. She was as tall as he was with her heels on and built like a pinup model. She had her shirt unbuttoned to show a considerable amount of cleavage, and her make up accentuated her lustful face. Her clothes fit her curves like a glove, and he felt his pulse quicken. This was a very bad idea.
“Yes,” he replied, then sat on the couch trying to stop thinking about the seductive woman. Even her voice sounded like she was propositioning him.
“I’m Samantha,” the woman smiled.
“I think there’s been a mistake,” Shawn stammered. He looked her over from head to toe. A woman like this was dangerous. He could feel his temperature rising.
“No mistake. I’m Samantha Lujuria, but you can call me Sam if you like.” She crossed her arms and looked at him curiously.
“Are you married?” he asked nervously. There was something strange that happened when the woman was married. Not even Lisa could figure this one out. Married women, well, happily married ones, were immune to his pheromones.
“Nope…well I was, but that was a long time ago,” she winked at him.
“You do know about my…condition?” Shawn asked.
“Oh yes, I know all about you. Don’t worry, I won’t be effected, but there is one rule that must be followed. No touching. No contact of any kind.” Samantha looked at him, waiting for his response.
“How are you immune? Do you have the same illness as Dr. Lisa?” Shawn looked hopeful. If she had the same disease as Lisa, then he had nothing to fear.
“Actually, yes. And so do you,” Samantha replied.
“What?” Shawn was now confused. Lisa had never once said their illness was the same thing. Truthfully, she never spoke about her illness at all, but this was something that merited a discussion.
“You have the male version of this disease. Its effects are quite different on each sex. The male version works with pheromones, the female, by touch. You might have noticed Dr. Lisa always wears gloves.” Samantha looked at him and waited for more questions.
“So why didn’t she tell me?” Shawn asked.
“Part of it is because she doesn’t talk about her illness. Also, I just enlightened her this morning about the two being the same disease. She is brilliant, but she missed a few things. I’ve been doing this a lot longer than she has. I noticed a few similarities she probably never considered.” Samantha walked behind the desk and sat down. She picked up a pen then grabbed some files and plopped them into her lap then started to look them over. Shawn assumed these files were about him. He was unnaturally attracted to her as she sucked on the end of the pen. This was not going to work at all. How was he going to control himself with this woman?
Almost as if she could sense his attraction, she looked up and winked at him.
“Feeling a little uncomfortable?” she asked.
“Umm…yes?” Shawn wasn’t sure how to react.
“Good, at least you’re honest. This might not be so hard, after all.” Samantha pulled a page from the file and walked around the desk. When she was a few feet from him, she set the page on the table.
“He looked at her curiously.
“Your contract. If I am going to treat you, there are some ground rules.” She started back toward the desk, slowly then turned around when she reached it. “Other than the no touching. If you notice, that is number one.” She lifted herself up and sat on the front of the desk then crossed her legs.
Shawn looked at the document, but it all seemed like stupid rules. No touching, all homework assignments must be completed in a timely fashion and the last, complete honesty. Surely this was a joke. How can a contract compel you to honesty? How would anyone know if you lied? Shawn signed it and put it back on the table.
“Good, remember, honesty. I’m going to ask you some very… Well, let’s just say these questions will be quite embarrassing. You will not want to tell me the truth, but that is why you are here. You have what I like to call Demonic Temptations.” Samantha smiled and waited for the question everyone always asked.
“What is a Demonic Temptation?” Shawn asked, right on cue.
Samantha pushed herself from the desk while she uncrossed her legs, and Shawn couldn’t help but notice she wasn’t wearing any underwear. He didn’t want to look, but something about this woman compelled him to stare.
“Don’t worry. There’s nothing about looking in there. You can look to your heart’s content. I won’t be effected by you simply getting excited. This room is safe.” Samantha walked up to the coffee table that separated them, crossed her arms, and gave him a look that demanded an honest answer.
Was she reading his mind, or was it just plain to see? He hadn’t meant to look, but once he did, he just couldn’t stop. He imagined how nice it would feel between her thighs. Oh, this treatment was going to be horrible and torturous.
“Demonic Temptations are just what you experienced. Things so taboo that you wouldn’t tell your partner…if you had one. Things you hide about yourself. Things you might even hide from yourself. You wanted to look up my skirt, but you didn’t want to admit that you wanted to. You just did. These things are the ones you dream about when no one can judge you. I am here to help you admit them to yourself. To free you from what is keeping you from becoming a better you.” Samantha looked down at him, and Shawn swallowed hard.
“You wanted to look up my skirt, didn’t you? You wondered what I was wearing under it. What it looked like. Was I shaved? Was it attractive? Even though your rational brain told you that it was taboo, your subconscious desires want me to show you again. Don’t they?” Samantha looked at him, waiting for his response.
“I don’t think I can do this.” Shawn got up and looked her in the eyes.
“Why? Afraid of yourself? There’s nothing wrong with wanting to look up my skirt. It’s a natural reaction. A sexual desire that is perfectly natural. You were curious, excited. You liked it. That is what scares you.” She looked at him with her seductive eyes and his resolve melted. “Now I’m not saying to go stand under bleachers and look at women who don’t know you’re there. That’s just creepy. I’m saying that I’m sitting in front of you with no underwear on. If I happen to spread my legs a little too far, then it’s not your fault if you look.”
“I don’t understand,” Shawn admitted.
“Ok, let’s approach this from a different angle. There’s a much more frowned upon taboo that everyone does.” Samantha looked at him knowingly. “Everyone.”
Shawn sat back down.
“Masturbation,” Samantha started.
Oh great, what the hell had he gotten himself into. He had signed a contract to get humiliated, embarrassed, and excited on a daily basis for two whole weeks.
“What about it?” Shawn asked.
“Do you do it?” she asked, smirking.
“Umm, yes,” Shawn admitted.
“Good, you didn’t lie about it.” Samantha walked back to the desk and sat on the edge again. This time not crossing her legs. Her skirt was tipped at an angle, so he wasn’t getting another peek. She smiled knowingly at Shawn, and he looked away.
“Masturbation is a taboo that is quite common. People don’t talk about it, and they lie about ever doing it, but everyone, and I mean everyone, does it. It’s human nature. Now, going back to my last example. Masturbation in public is wrong. It’s not taboo, it’s wrong. That’s the difference. I’m here to help you get over your taboos. Even the ones you created yourself. Does that make sense?” She looked at him differently than before. A minute ago she acted like she was seducing him, now she seemed genuinely concerned for his wellbeing.
“I guess so,” Shawn replied.
Her look turned seductive again.
“Good, tomorrow we’ll get started, but I have homework for you,” Samantha walked back to the other side of the desk and sat down. She picked up the pen and sucked on the tip again.
“Homework?” Shawn asked, feeling very uncomfortable around her. Everything she did was sexual. How was this going to help him not have sex? He’d be lucky if he didn’t find some random woman after this encounter. No, he’d never do that. The consequences were far worse than the mild discomfort of abstinence. 
“Yes,” she replied as she pulled the pen from her mouth. “I am assigning you to remember your fantasies tonight. Whether they are from sleep, something that strikes you while watching a movie, whatever. Just remember what your fantasies were. Tomorrow you are going to tell me in embarrassing detail. Why? Because fantasies are where our taboos start. We think of the things we want to do then decide which of them are acceptable. Dreams are the best, but even daydreams will work for this first assignment.” She put the pen back into her mouth, looked at him and winked.
“Ok,” he replied. Shawn stood there for a minute, then started for the door.
“And Shawn,” she called out. He stopped and looked back at her. “Not about me, please. First-time patients always think about me. Show me you’re different. Go to a bar, hang out in the mall. Just find someone else to fantasize about please.”
Shawn nodded and walked out the door. Great! There goes that idea. Until she said something, he was most certainly going to think about her. How could he not? Now he had to go out and find another woman. That meant he would have to put up with the obnoxious ones who wouldn’t leave him alone. This homework was stupid! What was the point? Then he realized it wasn’t actually that bad. He found himself curious about the next day’s conversation. What would he tell her? How much of it would he tell her? It was kind of exciting, in a way that was safe for him. Women didn’t get hurt by him thinking about them.
Shawn saw Lisa working away in her lab as he passed through the hall. She looked up and smiled as he walked by. She was sort of cute when she wasn’t trying so hard not to be. He could see himself with someone like her if it wasn’t for his illness. Not the type of woman he needed for his assignment though, Lisa was nice. He would never fantasize about her. He felt comfortable around her. He absolutely, positively would not use Lisa for a fantasy. At least not intentionally. She was too important to him.
On the way through the hospital lobby, as he headed out, Shawn watched every woman like a hawk. Who should he pick? The leggy blonde with the skirt that was way too tight? He could tell she wasn’t wearing underwear. Everyone could see that. She was exciting, but not quite what he was looking for. The brunette who was a little heavy but very sexy? How about the small one with short black hair? No, she was too cute. He wasn’t looking for cute, he was looking for sexy. The blonde looked too uptight, she wouldn’t do either. He turned back to the heavyset brunette. Yes, she would do nicely. She was perfect. Her large breasts and full hips were just what he was looking for.

Chapter 2
Samantha looked over her files after Shawn left. She was startled by a knock on the door. When she looked up, her stomach fell. Quickly she got to her feet and slipped off her heels.
“Kelly, I had no idea you were coming around,” Samantha said nervously.
“Samantha, what are you doing in our town?” Kelly looked angry. Her long blonde hair was over her shoulder. She was a small woman with an attractive, curvy figure but Samantha didn’t underestimate her for a second.
“How is Hailey?” Samantha asked, trying to defuse this confrontation.
“Hailey is fine,” Kelly snapped. “Why are you in our town?”
“I’m helping a friend.” Samantha fidgeted and played with her hands.
“What a coincidence that a month after women start going missing, you arrive. Are you looking for the one responsible? Are you helping them? I doubt that you just happened to show up to help a friend.” Kelly eyed Samantha with hatred.
“I’m trying to stop it,” Samantha explained.
“So you know who it is? The women are dead, aren’t they?” Kelly looked at her more intently, trying to find a hidden clue.
“I don’t exactly know who is doing it, but I know what is doing it. Yes, the women are dead. You won’t find the bodies, but they are most certainly dead.” Samantha looked into Kelly’s eyes, begging for sympathy.
“Ok, you keep looking into it. I’ll be looking into it on my own. If I find out you had anything to do with this. If I even suspect you knew who it was and lied to me. I’ll kill you myself.” Kelly glared at Samantha, and her Versi fangs slid into place. Her claws came out of her fingertips, and Kelly held them up for Samantha to see. This didn’t frighten her though. It was something else that was making Samantha nervous.
“I’m a demon. I’m not an idiot, Kelly. I would never cross an Asuune,” Samantha replied. Somehow it seemed Kelly’s threat actually made her more at ease.
“Good, I’ll be watching you.” Kelly walked to the door. Her innocent appearance returned as she slammed the door on her way out.
Samantha fell back into the chair and slid her feet into her heels again. She looked at the ceiling and reached for her cell phone.
After a few rings, a secretary answered.
“How may I direct your call?” the woman asked almost carelessly.
“Dr. Agnus Sherman,” Samantha said forcefully.
“I’m sorry, Dr. Sherman is out of the office today. Can I take a message?” the woman asked more kindly.
“Yes, tell Agnus that Dr. Lujuria called. Tell her she owes me,” Samantha hung up and slammed her fist into the desk.
“Damn it, Sophia, where the hell are you. Your adopted daughter is going to find out things she isn’t ready to hear.” Samantha shoved her cell phone into her purse and got up to leave.
She locked up her office then headed to the elevator. She noticed Lisa working and knocked on the glass. She waved, and Lisa made her way to the door. Lisa unlocked it for Samantha to enter.
“Dr. Lujuria, can I help you?” Lisa asked kindly.
“Call me Samantha. About our conversation this morning…have you had any luck?” Samantha asked.
“Oh, that. I don’t know why I never noticed this before. It is the same disease. It’s so strange. It acts like a hereditary disease with virus-like tendencies when introduced into a new host. I’ve never seen anything like it. You have saved me years of work. How did you come up with all of this?” Lisa looked up at the woman gratefully.
“My pleasure, dear. I just hope you and Shawn can get some kind of relief from its effects. Maybe you can find a treatment that keeps it at bay. There must be a way.” Samantha looked at Lisa strangely, and to Lisa, it seemed like she was hinting at something. This woman was very strange. She always seemed to keep something hidden, but she wanted you to figure it out for yourself. Lisa chalked this up to being a therapist.
“My work may help you as well,” Lisa offered.
“No, dear. I have the same illness but a different variant. Mine doesn’t kill me, like yours does, but it can never be cured. I just hope to help some of you with the treatable kind.” Samantha brushed her hand on Lisa’s cheek. Lisa stared at her compassionately. This glorious woman had helped her solve one of the major problems with the disease. A cure, or at least a treatment, was in sight now. It might take years, even decades, but there was an answer out there somewhere. She just hoped she’d live long enough to see it. In the last few days, her disease had come on stronger than before. It was difficult to be around anyone, especially Shawn.
“You have a good day,” Samantha looked at her watch. “I guess good evening would be more appropriate. Do you never leave work?”
Lisa laughed.
“What am I going to do? Have a social life? If I even touch a man, he will get sick and die. No, I’m better off staying here until bedtime. At least that way, I don’t risk killing people.” Lisa forced a smile, but the depression behind it was evident.
“You’ll find the answer, trust me. I’ll bet it’s right under your nose,” Samantha winked, and Lisa got the distinct impression she was hinting at something again.
Samantha left Lisa’s office and headed to the elevator. When she was in the lobby, she felt it in the air. She could feel Shawn’s attraction. She glanced around the room, and a brunette in a sharp dress caught her eye. Yes, she was the focus of his lust. He wanted this woman over every other woman in this lobby.
“My, my, Shawn. You have excellent taste. That is what a woman should look like.” Samantha walked over to the brunette woman and brushed her hand over the woman’s arm.
“My name is Samantha,” she said seductively. The woman put down the magazine and looked into her eyes.
“I’m Leah,” the woman replied.
“Leah. What a pretty name,” Samantha said, caressing the woman’s hand.
Leah covered her mouth and giggled.
“I was wondering. Would you care to help me with a little problem I’m having?” Samantha smiled, and Leah was lost in her eyes. “You’re not in a relationship, are you?”
“No. What kind of man would want someone who looks like me?” Leah wasn’t sure why she had said it. She just couldn’t help herself. When she looked into Samantha’s eyes, she had no ability to hide her true feelings. It was like this beautiful woman was pulling the thoughts from her head.
“Dear, what kind of man would turn you down? You’re gorgeous.” Samantha sat down beside Leah and caressed her thigh.
“Thank you, but I’m about twenty pounds overweight. I try to diet. I even go to the gym, but I just can’t lose it.” Again Leah couldn’t stop talking. Her deepest fears and regrets just came spilling out.
“Stop worrying, dear. You’re perfect the way you are. It is your own insecurity that keeps you from finding a man, not your body. Believe me, your body is perfect.” Samantha slid her hand to the inside of Leah’s thigh, and Leah gasped.
“I’ve never found women attractive, but you…you are beautiful. Why can’t I stop telling you what’s on my mind?”  Leah struggled to understand what was happening.
“Because I’m a succubus, dear. Count your blessings. I’m not interested in draining you. I just want a little taste. Just enough to get me through the day.” Samantha leaned in and kissed Leah on the lips. Leah put her hands on Samantha’s neck and kissed her back greedily. Then she grabbed Samantha’s hand and pulled it farther between her legs. Samantha brushed her fingers against the smooth fabric of her panties and Leah gasped, breaking the kiss momentarily. Leah tried to get Samantha to kiss her again, but Samantha stood up abruptly and grabbed Leah’s hand.
“You are a gorgeous woman. Any man who thinks you are too heavy is stupid and not worth your time. I, for one, know a very attractive man who picked you out of all the women in this room, and he was right. Go out tonight and dress like you mean it. Don’t hide yourself. A man worth your time will find you.” Samantha released her hand and walked out of the building. She straightened her tight skirt then headed down the block to her apartment.
Leah sat in the lobby, wondering what had just happened. Did she fall asleep? Was it all a fantasy? No one around her even seemed to notice as she made out with that goddess of a woman. Leah stood up, full of lust. She grabbed her purse and walked out the door. She didn’t care what had really happened. She just knew she needed to go home, get dressed up, and hit a bar. The right man was waiting for her somewhere out there. She didn’t care what other people thought anymore. Tonight was going to be different!

Chapter 3
Shawn rode the elevator up once again. Today he needed to stop at Lisa’s office to give blood before he met with Samantha. He dreaded his session with Samantha. He had resigned himself to going home and thinking about the incredibly attractive woman from the lobby. In fact, it was all he thought about all night. She was so beautiful, and her face was kind. Not cute like the short black haired woman but kind. She would be an excellent partner, willing to explore and extend the experience, not just pound it out and leave. He had such interesting fantasies about this woman, just as Samantha had ordered, but when he finally fell asleep it wasn’t her he dreamt of.
Again he had the horrible nightmares. It had been years since they had plagued him, but they started again about a month ago. It wasn’t the beautiful woman he had seen in the lobby that filled his nightmare, but it was a woman. This new woman looked like a prostitute, and she was terrified. She was frozen by him, unable to move as he kissed her and drained the life from her. He remembered a flash of yellow eyes. Vicious teeth that reminded him of a wolf. The woman was screaming, but her mouth wasn’t moving. He didn’t rape this one, but what he did wasn’t much better. He could hear her thoughts. She cried for help in her head. Begged anyone to save her then her cries became muffled as she drifted away. Then she silently died. It was almost like he extended her death just to experience her fear.
Shawn rubbed his forehead and looked around guiltily at the other passengers. If only they knew how horrible his thoughts were. Did he really want to do this to a woman? It was unthinkable. Why would he want to harm her? She had done nothing wrong. Then he remembered the feelings from the dream. He felt hungry but not for food. He wanted something she had. He wanted her life. He wanted to devour her very essence, but even that wasn’t enough. Her essence tasted much better when she was afraid.
Shawn pulled his hand across his face. He needed to push these thoughts out of his mind. He was sick, not just physically but mentally as well. As long as he never acted on these dreams, he would be fine. It was just that they felt so real. Almost like he was there, actually doing those disgusting things. He remembered her perfume. The soft warmth of her lips as he kissed her to death. The erotic pleasure of draining the energy inside of her while she silently screamed for help.
The elevator signaled his floor, and he hastily left. He waited outside Lisa’s office until she made her way across the lab to let him in. This would certainly take his mind off of the dreams. He already felt his stomach twisting. Lisa’s smiling face, the only face he wanted to see. Her kindness, even just her presence near him, pushed the dream back into the corners of his mind.
“Afternoon, Shawn,” she said cheerfully.
If only she knew how sick he really was. Then she wouldn’t help him anymore. She would loathe him as he had come to loathe himself. Anyone who could come up with these disturbing images didn’t deserve a friend like her. He caught the scent of Lisa’s perfume and his stomach twisted. It was a common perfume, but every time he smelled it, he was reminded of Lisa’s smile.
“Hi, Lisa,” Shawn replied, pushing his self-hatred down inside himself.
Lisa wore latex gloves. Her particular flavor of this disease meant she couldn’t touch people. One touch and a person might pass out or worse. Shawn had once seen a lab assistant mistakenly grab her hand. The assistant looked at her, almost lustfully, then he collapsed. Since that day, Lisa wore gloves any time someone came into her lab. She kept the door locked, and no one was allowed in unless she was prepared.
“This won’t hurt…much,” Lisa teased. Shawn was so timid around her. She didn’t blame him. Her disease was much quicker than his version of it. His took time to overcome the body, hers was nearly instant. She assumed his timidity was carefully hidden fear. She enjoyed talking to Shawn, she had no other friends, not anymore. Her condition kept her away from anyone that might be hurt. Shawn was safe. He knew about her disease and never hit on her. His harmless flirtations were just friendly in nature. She enjoyed her time with Shawn and often wished he would spend more time in her lab. He was, after all, her only friend.
She had seen Shawn wither away these last few years. He was once an athletic looking man, but now he almost looked malnourished. His cheekbones and eyes had sunken, and his muscles had thinned as the disease took its toll on him. Her own disease didn’t have the same effects. Her body seemed immune to the physical changes but her moods, that was where hers really kicked it into high gear. She was quick to anger and quick to lust. Just the fact that Shawn was sitting in front of her caused the desires to well up, almost out of control. She imagined grabbing him and forcing him to do things to her, with her, but then she caught herself and pushed it back down. This disease was so strange, it had such differing effects on men and women. But then again, until yesterday she hadn’t realized they were the same disease.
The symptoms of the two seemed completely different. She hadn’t even been looking to compare them because there was not one similarity. Shawn’s disease was as deadly as hers was, but his wasn’t shy about showing just how deadly it could be. His physical change was undeniable whereas her disease was slowly driving her insane. The last few days had been extremely bad. Something had happened, and she couldn’t figure out what. Her thoughts of the last few days had been filled with images of Shawn. These were torturous images she struggled to ignore but desperately wanted.
She finished drawing the pint of blood and handed Shawn a glass of juice. As he drank it, she watched his body move. She felt the uncontrollable desire starting again. She looked down the full length of his body and imagined him throwing her against the wall and having his way with her. She wouldn’t fight. She would urge him on. Harder! Faster!
“Shit!” Lisa exclaimed as she dropped the bottle of juice. She was sweating, and the bottle had slipped from her hand.
“Are you ok? You look hot or something.” Shawn put down the glass and looked at her, concerned. How had this disease afflicted such a kind woman? She worked night and day to find a cure for their diseases, which he now knew were the same disease. He just hoped she would take time to rest and relax a little. Surely it couldn’t be good for her to work every waking hour. She looked exhausted. The last few days it seemed like she hadn’t even slept.
Lisa just stared at him. She was mesmerized. She answered him in her head, the words she didn’t dare speak. ‘Or something!’ She again pictured him tossing the glass to the ground and lifting her up on the lab table. She didn’t care that the place was surrounded by windows. Anyone could watch as long as he was inside of her. ‘Take me now, Shawn!’
Lisa turned away from him and grabbed a broom.
“I’m fine,” Lisa lied. What would he think if he heard her thoughts? Even worse, what if he saw what she couldn’t stop seeing? ‘You are going crazy. Soon you will be on the next floor up, in the psych ward. Crying and begging for antidepressants, pain killers, something, anything to keep the thoughts away.’
“You should come over and watch a movie with me some time. I can’t really go out anymore,” Shawn looked at the ground. “You’re immune though. We could kick back and watch some old movies. I’ll even let you choose.” Shawn laughed. He really hoped she would accept this time. She was so…so…kind and caring. What was he thinking? If she knew who he really was, what he really dreamt about. She’d hate him.
“I’d love to but,” Lisa replied. This was not entirely a lie, but what came next was. “I have so much work to do that I barely get out of here before bedtime. Maybe someday, when I’m closer to a cure.” An image flashed in her mind again. She was sitting on the couch with Shawn, watching a movie, then the next instant she was on his lap undoing his pants. She ran her hands through his hair while she lowered herself on to him. She felt him fill her and cried out. ‘Shawn!’
“Ok, it’s a date. Someday at some time o’clock. I’ll mark that on my calendar,” Shawn moved his finger in the air as he pretended to mark it down. Shawn’s stomach fell at her rejection, but it was for the best. He didn’t deserve a friend like her.
The feelings inside her almost made her rip her own clothes off. She watched him leave, taking in every step. His muscles underneath his clothes moved seductively to her, and she envisioned them rubbing against her naked body. How she wished she could feel him next to her. How she wished she could find that white-hot pleasure with him, the pleasure which filled her every waking thought.
Lisa forced herself to look away. The first time, several years ago, when she had these thoughts about Shawn. She thought it was him effecting her, but soon it became apparent that it was her disease at work. Its effects were very similar to the way he effected women, but she didn’t have to be around him for it to happen. She even dreamt of Shawn. Torturously passionate dreams filled with every kind of sex her mind could come up with. Also, it wasn’t just him. Any man who even looked remotely attractive started waves of passion inside her, but as soon as the man was out of sight her torturous desires returned to Shawn.
She even had to quit watching TV. The sexy men on commercials and shows turned her on to the point of nearly uncontrollable abandon. She once tried to attack the cable man on the day he came to unhook her cable. She smiled, embarrassed, as she remembered what she said to the poor man. ‘I’ll find a place for your cable.’ It was so ridiculously embarrassing. Luckily the man was gay. She shuttered to think of what might have happened with a willing man.
Shawn was a new level of difficultly for her. She was used to the desires, she had dealt with them for years, but since she started thinking about Shawn, they had nearly grown out of control. She dressed herself in layers of clothes. That was why her room was always a little cooler than the rest of the building. She refused to wear makeup and wore very large glasses she didn’t even need. The lenses were just clear plastic. She had to make herself unattractive to Shawn. It was bad enough with his innocent flirting. What if he actually meant it? She wouldn’t be able to stop herself.
She had recently started staying away from people in general. A couple times she’d even had uncontrollable feelings about women. Her condition was getting worse. If she could just find the solution before it consumed her. Then maybe she could take Shawn up on the movie night he kept asking her about. As it was, the movie night would turn into a death sentence. She pictured him opening the door and herself ravaging him. One or both of them would be dead before the night was over.
Shawn watched outside the window to Lisa’s office. She picked up all the shards of glass then pushed her large glasses up the bridge of her nose. She smiled at him nervously, then took the mess to the garbage. She was really strange. She acted so nervous and distracted whenever he was there. Completely opposite of the women who were constantly throwing themselves at him. It was nice to spend time with her, though he thought maybe he was annoying her. Despite this, he liked spending time with her and forgetting about his stressful existence. She was his best friend, possibly more than that but he didn’t want to consider anything more. It was too painful.
He turned down the hall and faced the torturous walk to his proverbial execution. Samantha wasn’t dumb. Surely she had notes from his previous therapists, and there had been many. She would figure out that he was having the dreams again. Maybe he should just volunteer the information? She was quite open about a lot of things. The things they talked about yesterday would have been unheard of with at any of his previous therapists. Maybe she wouldn’t give him the same condescending look when he spoke about the dreams. The look which said ‘you secretly want to kill people, don’t you?’ The look that barely covered their contempt. He was sick, he knew that. These people were supposed to help him overcome it. Not look down on him like he was broken in a way no one could fix.
Shawn opened the door and saw Samantha with her arms around an attractive blonde woman. Samantha’s legs were wrapped around the woman’s waist, and the blonde was kissing her. It almost looked like they were about to remove their clothes when Samantha noticed Shawn.
Samantha pushed the blonde woman back and stood up.
“Thank you, Kristie. I’ll have the papers for you by tomorrow. Maybe I should just mail them.” Samantha looked uneasy.
Kristie looked at Shawn, confused.
“Ok. Why am I…I need to go,” Kristie looked completely lost in her own head. She picked up the pace as she walked through the door, her head down in shame.
“Sorry, Shawn. I didn’t realize what time it was.” Samantha’s expression seemed apologetic at first, but when she was touching up her lipstick, a smile snuck through. A devious smile that made Shawn wonder what had just happened with Kristie. Had Samantha intended for him to catch them? Why? Was this just another way to get him excited? It seemed like that had been Samantha’s intention yesterday.
“So,” Samantha started as she sat on the edge of the table. She boosted herself up and crossed her legs. “What have you got for me today?” Shawn couldn’t stop himself from looking again. Would he get another peek?
He pushed it from his mind and remembered why he was there. He wanted to tell her about the dreams, but he couldn’t take another person looking at him like a monster.
“I saw this really pretty woman in the lobby downstairs,” Shawn started. This was the safer conversation. He should start here.
Samantha reached behind her and grabbed her notebook and pen. Her right leg bobbed on top of the other while she wrote. Damn, she was attractive. Shawn pictured himself in place of the blonde who had just left. No, this was a bad idea. She might be unaffected, but what about when he left? Women in his path would practically attack him if he was still this excited. He knew all too well what happened when he was excited.
“I imagined the things…umm…we had sex…it was nice.” Shawn wasn’t sure what she wanted him to say. Did she want all the details? How graphic did she want this to be?
“That’s very good. Was it consensual?” Samantha asked, looking at him intently while biting the end of the pen. She knew something. Shawn’s pulse quickened. He could hear his heart beating.
“Of course, it was. I’m not a creep.” Shawn’s shock and disgust were a little too emphatic. He knew he was trying too hard. Samantha was smart.
“Tell me about the dreams. I know you had another.” Samantha looked at him, crossly.
Shit! She knew!
“I don’t want to rape and kill women! It’s not me!” Shawn stood up and threw up his hands.
“I know it’s not you,” Samantha replied calmly.
“What?!” Shawn turned to face her. It was not at all what he had expected. He looked at her face and her body language. She wasn’t patronizing him, and she wasn’t lying. She really believed him. No one had ever believed him. “How?”
“I’ve dealt with your problem before.” Samantha eased her way off the desk.
“You have?” Shawn didn’t know if he should be scared or excited. Maybe someone could finally help him.
“How can I explain this? You’re not really ready for the whole truth yet,” Samantha tapped the pen on her forehead.
“I’m ready! I’ve been ready for a long time! No one believed me!” Shawn was ecstatic.
“Not for this, you’re not. Before we get into why I believe you, I need to find out more information. This…disorder is very delicate. It’s not something I can tell everyone. I want to make sure, for one, that you actually have it and, second, that you will not be telling anyone else about it. That is unless you find someone you trust completely. A best friend. Someone who would keep your secret. That would be safe, but no one else.” Samantha walked behind her desk and sat. Shawn noticed the knowing smile on her face. What was she up to? Was she implying that he should tell Lisa?
“Begin with the first time you experienced the dreams. I need to know it all. If you have this disorder, I need every piece of information you have to cure it.” Samantha was being a little too vague, and she seemed to be holding back a lot. Shawn wasn’t sure he could trust her, but he relished the idea that someone might finally be able to fix him.
“Ok,” Shawn took a deep breath and sat on the couch. He put his feet on the coffee table, then laced his fingers behind his head. He stared at the ceiling as if it helped him remember things, then started.
“I was thirteen when it first happened. I saw the woman in my dreams. She seemed familiar to me, but only a little. It wasn’t until I woke up, that I realized who she was. It was my science teacher from the year before. Anyway, she screamed as I…” Shawn was interrupted.
“Never say I,” Samantha said sternly.
“But it was me. In the dream, I mean,” Shawn corrected.
“Think back. Was it your hands you saw grabbing her? Are you certain it was you?” Samantha looked at him, and his face lit up.
“No! It wasn’t my hands! They were much older than mine. I was thirteen. My hands were small. These were adult hands. I just assumed…I didn’t notice…” Shawn sat up and looked like he wanted to hug her. “Why didn’t I see it before? It wasn’t my hands!”
“Small things like this are hard to catch. You’ll notice more as you go along. The other therapists weren’t looking for this. That’s why I’m here…partially.” Samantha wrote something in her notebook. What did she mean partially? Shawn would have to come back to that later. This was far more important.
“Ok, so I saw his hands,” Shawn began again with new enthusiasm. “They were on her throat. She screamed, but he choked her until the screaming stopped. Her voice stopped screaming, but I could still hear her screaming inside her head. Asking why it was happening to her. What had she done to make him so mad? She knew him, I think. This woman was the only one that knew him. At least I think she knew him.” Shawn put his hands on his head. Things were confusing. The whole thing had started such a long time ago.
“Calm down, Shawn. It’s not important. Maybe she knew him, maybe you just knew her. That is not what is important. All of this is coming to you through a dream. Your mind filters things. Some of what you saw was your reaction to it, and some of it was his. Keep going.” Samantha sounded sure of herself, and this alone helped Shawn calm down.
“She was raped, strangled and her body was drained or something. She had no fluids at all. They found her three days after I told my mother. My adopted mother. My real mother died, and my father split before I was born,” Shawn looked down.
“The truth, Shawn.” Samantha was scolding but not harshly. Just a reminder of what he had promised.
“She killed herself. A month after I was born. I went to live with my aunt, whom I called mom. My uncle was distant, but a good man. He never did anything to me. He was a farmer, so he was very busy.” Shawn wanted to make sure this point was very clear. Therapists always blamed them, but it wasn’t their fault.
“I’m not like the other therapists, Shawn. I’m not looking for some hidden meaning. I don’t think you were abused by your aunt and uncle. I’ve done my homework. This has nothing to do with them. You’re adopted parents cared a great deal for you. This is about your real father.” Samantha looked at him and waited for it to sink in.
After a few moments, Shawn caught what she was implying.
“I’m seeing what my father is doing?” He looked at her in disbelief. People not believing him was one thing, but this was insane. How could he see through his father’s eyes? Strangely, part of him knew it was the truth. He felt it somewhere deep inside himself. He had always known but refused to believe it. It was his real father killing these women.
“You have a rare connection to your father. I’ve seen it happen. He is violent and angry. You are kind and caring. You are connected because he made you, not because you are like him. Never misunderstand this. You could never be him. You are much too kind for that.” Samantha laughed.
Shawn felt relief for the first time in a very long time. Someone believed him. This same someone even had an explanation, a crazy explanation, but it did sort of make sense.
“Another homework assignment,” Samantha said as she stood up.
“We don’t really meet for very long each day. What’s it been? Ten minutes?” Shawn laughed.
“I’m a different kind of therapist. The sessions go on as long as you need them to. Today, you needed ten minutes. Tomorrow, you might need ten hours.” Samantha walked beside the desk. She didn’t want to get too close to this emotional man. A hug would be disastrous. He could never touch her, not until he admitted what Samantha already knew. If he touched her, he would lust after her and never be able to resist her. This would destroy everything she was trying to accomplish.
“I want you to find your best friend. Spend a few minutes with him or her and tell them what you just told me.” Samantha looked at him compassionately.
“But she will hate me. She’ll never look at me the same way. I can’t do this.” Shawn stood up and got ready to leave.
“Then don’t bother coming back. If you are not willing to do what I think will help, then I am unable to help you. I’m very sorry it had to end like this, but I came to realize a long time ago, not everyone wants help.” Samantha walked over to the desk and started packing up her belongings.
“Wait. Is that it? You’re leaving?” Shawn asked. She couldn’t just leave. He had so much more he needed her help with. This was the first therapist who had actually helped him in any way.
“I’m sorry, but you are my only patient here. I came here to help you. If you’re not willing to do what I ask, then I have no reason to stay here. I’m not asking you to hurt anyone, Shawn. It will help you in the long run. Trust me.” Samantha looked at him and paused her packing.
Shawn stared for a long time, going over everything that might happen. She believed him. He couldn’t just let her leave. Lisa might get upset with him, but she would eventually come to realize that it wasn’t his fault. The dreams weren’t his choice. Lisa was kind, maybe she would understand. If Lisa didn’t understand and ended up hating him, then maybe these feelings he had for her, whatever they were, were misplaced. He wasn’t sure how he felt about Lisa, but he did know he looked forward to seeing her. He rushed to her office every day, even when she was just drawing more blood. It was a strange sensation. He would get nervous and his stomach tied in knots every time he thought about going to her office. He looked forward to talking to her even though she seemed annoyed by his presence lately.
“Fine, I’ll tell her. If she hates me, it’s on your head.” Shawn started to leave.
“She won’t hate you. You have never been charged with a crime because, even the police know, you could not possibly have done it. You were thirteen and at least a hundred miles from her house. There was no physical way for you to do it.” Samantha looked at him and started to unpack.
“I really hope you’re right.” Shawn walked out the door and down to Lisa’s office.

Chapter 4
Shawn knocked on the glass and waited patiently for Lisa to open the door. She looked annoyed again. He had interrupted her work, but he had no choice. Lisa was always working. Waiting until she was free wasn’t an option. As he stepped inside, he saw Lisa smile at him. It seemed forced. There was something hidden beneath the smile, contempt? No, she was too kind for that. She was just anxious to get back to work. She didn’t always look annoyed with him. This was a recent development. Maybe he had done something? This time though, it seemed like she was annoyed with him and he had just gotten there.
“Hi,” Shawn said, and she turned around quickly to face away from him. He followed her to a table where she resumed her work, not even looking at him.
“What do you need, Shawn?” she asked kindly. Damn it, why had she said his name? Just saying his name out loud produced almost uncontrollable urges. She couldn’t look at him either, that would only make it worse.
“I’ve been seeing my new therapist, Samantha,” Shawn started.
“I’ve met Samantha. She’s the one who helped me figure out that we have the same disease with differing symptoms, remember?” Lisa couldn’t look at him, not even for a second. The images in her mind were going full blast. It was all she could do to keep herself from turning around and ripping his clothes off. She grabbed the counter and squeezed hard. Her knuckles turned white, and the slight pain was distracting.
“Yes, sorry. Anyway. She gave me a homework assignment. I need to tell my best friend about a traumatic experience that happened to me when I was thirteen. Well, my best friend is you.” Great! Now he knew he was making her angry. She was squeezing the counter to keep from yelling at him. What an idiot. Of course, she knew Samantha. Shawn felt so stupid.
“Alright, I’m listening,” Lisa replied kindly. She was trying very hard to keep an even tone. If she wasn’t careful, she might start flirting with him. She could hear her voice trying to be seductive already. She squeezed her eyes shut, hoping to stop the images, but it only seemed to make it worse. Now she pictured Shawn throwing her over the counter and ripping her pants off then he got behind her… ‘Stop it, Lisa!’ she chastized herself.
“So, when I was thirteen, I had a horrible dream about a woman being raped and killed by a man. At the time, I thought it was just a dream, and I was the man, but then a few days after I told my mom I found out the dream actually happened. A woman I knew was raped and murdered a hundred miles from me. The police asked me questions for days. I could describe her clothes, what the room smelled like, the position they found her in. The police were stumped, but it was obvious that I couldn’t have done it. My mother told them I came to her that same night, and I couldn’t drive, so there was no way I was there. Not to mention how was a thirteen-year-old boy able to force a thirty-five-year-old woman to have sex then strangle her with such force that her windpipe was crushed?” Shawn took a deep breath and waited for the outrage and disgust.
Lisa turned to him and looked at him with compassion. The images in her head stopped for a moment, and she found clarity.
“You poor man. That must have been horrible. Do you think it has something to do with your disease? Does it somehow make you…” She looked around the room like she was embarrassed to say it. Then she started whispering. “Psychic?” 
“Actually,” Shawn started, but Lisa wasn’t finished.
“I hear people’s thoughts sometimes. Well, it’s more like a feeling. It’s creepy. When someone is attracted to me, I hear, and see, what they want to do to me.” Lisa was still whispering.
“Really?” Shawn asked, with a huge smile on his face. She didn’t think he was a serial rapist and she didn’t think he was insane. This was wonderful!
“Yeah, except you. I assume that’s because you are so good at keeping those feelings down by now. And you probably have no feelings for me. Well, not like that anyway.” Lisa leaned back on her counter. She felt as if a huge weight had been lifted off her chest. She waited apprehensively for Shawn to confirm her suspicions.
“Actually,” Shawn started and rubbed his forehead. He pulled his hand up through his hair and cringed. “I have thoughts like that about you. It’s probably just because I’m different. We have the same disease. Probably makes me immune to your mind reading.” Shawn laughed. As ridiculous as this whole conversation sounded, it made so much sense. No wonder Lisa kept herself locked up, all alone, in a small lab. He could see through his father’s eyes. Was her mind reading any less believable?
“Must be,” Lisa quickly turned around. Great! Now that he had admitted having sexual feelings for her, the images flooded back to her again. She grabbed the counter and squeezed, but it didn’t help this time. He thought about her. He wanted to do those things to her, the ones she couldn’t stop thinking about.
Something was bothering her, and Shawn just couldn’t figure out what. Maybe it was him. He decided it was time to go.
“I’m going to head home. If you have something on your mind, remember, I’m here to listen. Nothing will sound insane to me. Hell, I think we’re way passed insane at this point. I dream someone else’s thoughts, and you read minds.” Shawn forced a laugh.
“I don’t read minds. I feel their emotions. Sometimes there are words but not really words. It’s usually just images.” Lisa still didn’t turn around. She wanted Shawn to grab her and force her to turn around. The desires were so strong. She held on to the counter more tightly, and the edge cut into her hand, but even that didn’t help. She wanted this so much, more than anything she could remember. She needed him to touch her.
“Anyway, I’m going to get going. Hit me up if you want to talk. Sorry, if I’m annoying you,” Shawn said sadly. He was sure he was annoying her now. She didn’t even want to talk about it.
“Don’t worry Shawn. It’s just my illness. You’re not annoying me. If there’s something to talk about, I only have you to talk to.” She released her grip. That wasn’t what she meant at all. She couldn’t let him go away thinking he was a consolation prize or something. She needed him. She didn’t understand why but something deep inside her knew she NEEDED him. “Damn it, that didn’t come out right. I mean, you’re my best friend too. I’d talk to you before anyone else. I’m just having a hard time with my illness. It gets overwhelming at times. Lately, it has been pretty bad. Please don’t think you are annoying me. I enjoy talking to you. It’s just that this week is really, really bad.” Lisa wasn’t lying entirely. She told herself that she was protecting him, and it helped her feel better about it. She also thought she sounded like an idiot. What would he think of her now?
“Good, I’m glad to hear it. I’ve been so worried that I’m spending too much time with you.” Shawn felt great. He had misunderstood. He wasn’t annoying her, after all. It was just her disease, and that he could understand.
“I just need some time alone. I hope you understand. It’s not because you’re annoying me. I’m just having a hard time today, well, this whole week. I’ll talk to you more about it tomorrow. Please come talk to me again tomorrow. I don’t know what I’d do without your company.” Lisa felt better. She expressed her friendship without letting it go too far. She pulled her lab coat tightly around herself and headed to the back table. If she stood there one more second, she might lose the tenuous grip she had on herself. Being honest with him was nice, but also dangerous. She needed time to think. She wanted to tell him, but it had to be done the right way. She didn’t want to come off as some kind of pervert. How could she tell her best friend that nearly every waking thought was about having sex with him? There had to be a better way to say it.
“Night, Lisa. I’ll stop by tomorrow after my session with Samantha. Call if you need anything,” Shawn said as he opened the door. This was great! He felt great! She had understood. It never even occurred to her that he might be a sicko. She trusted him. Finally, Lisa even shared something about herself. Maybe tomorrow she would share more. This wasn’t just great, this was amazing!

Chapter 5
Samantha picked up her cellphone and speed-dialed Agnus again. The same secretary picked up.
“How may I direct your call?” she asked in a monotone voice.
“Is Agnus Sherman in the office?” Samantha asked, desperately.
“No, I’m sorry she’s still not back. Can I take a message?” the girl asked.
“No, thanks,” Samantha said politely then hung up the phone.
“Sophia, this is your fault,” Samantha gritted her teeth and pushed another speed dial on her phone.
After three rings, someone picked up.
“Hello?” the woman asked.
“Umm, you’re not Kelly. Hailey?” Samantha asked.
“Yes, who is this?” Hailey replied.
“This is Samantha Lujuria. I work with Kelly, sort of.” Samantha wasn’t sure what else to say. How much did Hailey know?
“Oh,” Hailey said angrily. “This is the demon.” The contempt in Hailey’s voice was evident. Of course, Kelly would tell Hailey everything. They were married and very happy.
“Yes, and I could use Kelly’s help. I think I’ve figured out who is killing the women. If she could meet me at my office, I can explain more.” Samantha held her breath.
“Let me explain some things to you, demon. If you do anything to harm her. Anything at all. I’ll hunt you down and make sure you suffer for it.” Hailey wasn’t yelling, but she was very upset.
“Don’t worry, Hailey. I’m just helping her find out who is killing these women. I have no intention of messing with an Asuune. I’m pretty old, I know better than that.” Samantha hoped this would convince Hailey to pass along the message.
“Ha, you have no idea of old. I’ve seen empires come and go. Either way, just keep my warning in mind when you deal with my wife.” Hailey hung up.
Samantha smiled, she’d let Hailey have this one. The poor girl had no idea of what it was to be old. What it was like to exist on the earth before civilization. It made Hailey feel important to think she was older than everyone. For what she had done for Kelly, Samantha would let Hailey keep on believing this. Anyone who could bring Kelly this much happiness deserved Samantha’s respect and compassion.
Samantha leaned back in her chair and looked at the clock. Shawn would be here in about ten minutes. She hoped his confession to Lisa went well.
Just as she was leaning back and shutting her eyes to relax, Shawn came running into the room. As soon as he noticed Samantha, he tried to act casual.
“Hi,” he said, straightening his hair. He was out of breath. It looked like he had run up the stairs instead of waiting on the elevator today.
“I guess this means it was good news?” Samantha smirked.
Shawn couldn’t help but smile.
“It went great!” he exclaimed. “She didn’t even question it. It was no big deal to her.”
“That is good news, but don’t get ahead of yourself. We still have quite a bit of work to do.” Samantha hated crushing his good mood, but it was important that he didn’t expect everything to be this easy.
“What do you mean? I know I’m seeing through my father’s eyes. Lisa doesn’t think I’m insane. What else is there?” Shawn asked. His excitement dropped sharply.
“Your Demonic Temptation isn’t any of those things. Those were things you didn’t know. You still have something to admit to yourself,” she explained.
“So, it’s something I already know?” he asked.
“Let me see if I can explain.” She walked around and sat on her desk while Shawn moved over to the couch and sat down. “Many smart people have decided there are three things that drive every decision people make. The first is survival. Either self-preservation or survival of the species. The second is self-satisfaction. The third is sex. Some of these people believe sex is actually both one and two, while others think it is completely different.”
“Well, sex isn’t a deciding factor for me.” Shawn laughed at this. It was a sad laugh that revealed his regret about his situation.
“Actually it is. You have to make sure you don’t have it. That’s still a factor in many of your decisions, but that isn’t my point. I believe, as do some others, that there is a fourth factor. One that can supersede all of them.” Samantha waited. Shawn needed to answer this one himself.
Shawn thought about it for a minute, but he couldn’t figure it out.
“I have no idea,” he answered.
“Here is an example. An old couple who have been married for many years are walking home from the store. They meet a young man with a gun. He robs them then decides it isn’t enough and aims at the woman. He pulls the trigger, but the old man throws himself in front of the bullet. Why does he do this? It’s not for survival. He will be dead. It’s not for survival of the species, his wife is too old to have more children. He will get no self-satisfaction from it, nor will it provide him with sex. Again, he will be dead. Why does he do it?” Samantha waited again for him to figure it out.
“It’s love, isn’t it?” he asked.
“Exactly, the one motive that supersedes all others. A person will give up sex, self-satisfaction, even survival for love.” Samantha let this sink in. She knew he would eventually realize what his Demonic Temptation was. She had spelled it out for him, but he needed to see it for himself, or the knowledge was worthless.
“I don’t understand. What is my Demonic Temptation then?” Shawn look perplexed by this.
“I’m sorry, but knowledge without work is useless knowledge. It won’t mean much to you if I just tell you everything. Go home and think about it. That will be tonight’s assignment.” Samantha put her pen on her desk and grabbed her purse. She let Shawn sit there for a few minutes, then started toward the door.
“I’ll try.” Shawn got up, deep in thought. He could figure this out. He just needed time.

Chapter 6
Shawn walked slowly down the hall and noticed Lisa working in her lab. He had promised to talk to her after his session. Even though he was frustrated, he wanted to see her, he longed to hear her voice again. Maybe some time not thinking about it would help give him some clarity. Either way, there was no chance he was going to miss an opportunity to spend time with Lisa.
Shawn knocked on the door, and Lisa’s smile spread a calming warmth through his body. When she opened the door, he went inside and felt much more peaceful. She was feeling better today. Maybe she would tell him more about herself.
“How are you doing today, Lisa?” Shawn asked excitedly.
“I’m feeling pretty good,” she replied. It was the truth. She’d dreamt of him again, but today she felt strangely calm. She had come in at six in the morning and spent the whole day alone, so maybe this had eased her mind a little. She could feel it starting to come back, but it was mild compared to yesterday.
“So,” Shawn started. He had butterflies in his stomach, but he needed to bring it up. He desperately wanted to know more about her. “I told you my secret.”
Lisa looked at him. She wanted to tell him, but how would it sound? She really cared about Shawn. Maybe she cared too much for Shawn. She was his doctor. Was this unethical? Their disease had everything to do with sex. Wouldn’t it, in this situation, be considered clinical?
“I’m not sure where to start.” Lisa threw out these words to buy time. She wasn’t sure how to say it. She struggled with the words, but none sounded good enough. She paced and wrung her hands. How could she tell her best friend that she wanted him? No, she didn’t just want him. She lusted for him with every waking thought. Today was mild, but even today she saw images of what they might do if it wasn’t for their disease.
Shawn looked at his watch.
“Boy, you better hurry it up. I’m not sure what my TV will think if I’m late getting home. It might get jealous,” Shawn smiled.
“Yeah, aren’t we a pair,” Lisa laughed. Her mind was clearer than yesterday, she enjoyed his smile. His silly jokes brightened her day. How was she going to tell him the embarrassing thoughts that plagued her constantly?
Shawn hadn’t seen her laugh in a long time. Maybe he was going about this the wrong way. Keeping himself distant from her wasn’t helping their friendship. He liked watching her laugh. It felt good being the one to make her laugh. He remembered Samantha’s words. ‘Self-satisfaction’. Was that all this was?
“Don’t worry about it. You’ll tell me when you’re ready.” Shawn looked at her compassionately.
“No, I want to tell you it’s just embarrassing.” Lisa pushed her glasses up on her nose and looked at him. She was starting to feel it again. It was a burning that started deep inside her. At first, it was bearable. She would catch glimpses of the images but was able to ignore them. She needed to tell him while she still had control.
“I’m your friend. I’ll understand. You didn’t even blink when I told you my secret. Yours can’t be half as bad.” He saw the smile start slowly on her worried face. That small expression brought him so much happiness. If it wasn’t for her illness, he would stay here until it was time for him to go to bed every day. He’d much rather spend time here with Lisa. She was the one thing in his life that wasn’t frustrating.
“It’s bad,” Lisa leaned back on the counter and held on. The images were starting to get more powerful. She turned around. “I’m not facing away because you’re bugging me. I’m turning around because the longer I stare at your face, the more I find myself wanting to…” She couldn’t say it.
“What?” Shawn asked. He was starting to get a little worried now.
“I like you too much. I find myself uncontrollably attracted to you.” Lisa had finally said it. She felt relief and anxiety. How would he react? Then another wave of images assaulted her. She pictured him grabbing her and pushing her into the small storage room. It had no windows. They could do anything they wanted in there. Maybe he would take her into the exam room. The one where he had sex with the test subjects. There were shades there and a table, also a couch. Much better. She felt the heat go through her as she let the images play out in her mind.
Shawn laughed.
“Seriously? That’s it?” Shawn smiled and watched her grab the counter. Was she sighing? The strange noises, he could barely hear, sounded almost sexual. Was she having some kind of fantasy right in front of him?
“You’re not upset?” Lisa turned to look at him, but her eyes didn’t look at him possessively. Not like the many women who had seen him as an object they desired. Her eyes looked lustful but caring. She didn’t want him because he was attractive. She had misspoke, or maybe she didn’t even realize it herself.
“No. Why would I be upset? I feel the same way about you. Not that we can do anything about it.” Shawn saw something in her expression that pulled at his heart.
“You don’t understand. I’m not just attracted to you. I can’t get you out of my mind. I get images constantly. The things we do…” Lisa inadvertently licked her lips then, realizing she’d done it, she crossed her arms and looked away.
“Hey. We can figure this out,” Shawn said. “There has to be a solution that can help you.”
“Me?” Lisa turned back toward him and kept her arms crossed. “What about you?”
“I’m fine. You’re the one who looks like you might have a seizure if you don’t get some help.” Shawn looked into her eyes and saw it again. The caring behind the lust. She didn’t just want his body, she wanted him.
“I should just be alone again. It goes away in a few hours.” Lisa turned away from him again, the images were stronger now. She couldn’t block them out anymore.
“That’s one solution,” Shawn said. “I’d rather there was one where I could keep talking to you.” Shawn looked around the room and an idea formed. His smile was almost devious, as he played it out in his mind. “Go into the exam room and sit on the couch. I have an idea that might work.”
“No, Shawn, we can’t. We’ll both die,” Lisa objected. She turned to him again, and her eyes were full of worry and hope. She wanted help. She desperately wanted his help.
“As much as I’d enjoy that. That wasn’t what was on my mind. I mean, that would be the perfect way to go out, but I’d like to try something less drastic.” Shawn looked at her and grinned.
“I’m your doctor. This is unethical,” she objected.
“Think of this as clinical research. We’re trying to find a treatment for a disease.” Shawn started walking toward a lab coat. It had belonged to her assistant, the one who had immediately quit after the incident. It was a little big for him, but it was perfect for what he had in mind.
“What do you want me to do?” She couldn’t keep arguing. If he had told her to strip down and wait for him, she would do it. She was desperate for something that might stop these images.
“Just sit on the couch. Get comfortable. I’ll be in shortly,” Shawn replied. He buttoned up the lab coat and found some latex gloves. Lisa walked into the examination room and sat down, as he had instructed. She tried to get comfortable, but the visions wouldn’t let her. She kept seeing him coming in and ravaging her in a million different ways. She was sweating again and couldn’t stop brushing her hand against her breasts, along her thighs and through her hair. She squirmed on the couch as the images assaulted her.
Next, Shawn found some white, cloth gloves. These would be perfect. Finally, he put on the latex gloves and put the cloth gloves over them. He took some tape and wrapped it around the latex gloves and the end of the sleeve to keep them from accidentally allowing the skin on his arm to be exposed. This was exciting, he was enjoying every minute of thinking about what he was going to do.
When Shawn walked into the exam room, Lisa looked at him strangely.
“What are you going to do?” she asked. He looked like he was about to work with hazardous materials. The only skin showing was his face. He ignored her and closed the blinds then shut the door before diming the lights. Finally, he answered her.
“Relax.” He grabbed the pillow from the couch and put it under his chin. “Now I want you to sit between my legs and lean back against me.” He sat beside her on the couch and leaned back.
“What are you doing?” She wasn’t sure what he was planning, but something inside her desperately wanted this.
“I’ll be fine. I’m protected,” Shawn smiled at her. “Why don’t you take off the lab coat?”
Lisa did as he asked. After removing her lab coat, she sat between his legs uneasily. She leaned back and felt the pillow behind her head. Shawn started to caress her arms. Just the sensation of another person touching her, sent shockwaves through her body.
“There is no way I can get hurt. Just relax. If I do something that makes you uncomfortable, let me know.” Shawn’s hands moved up her arms and to her neck. He brushed under her ear on one side, while the other went back down her arm.
He could hear the high pitched moans that she tried to hide.
“This place is sound proof, isn’t it? No reason to be shy.” Shawn smiled. She couldn’t see his face, but she could hear it in his voice. He was enjoying this nearly as much as she was.
“Yes, it is,” she replied and didn’t bother hiding the seductive tone in her voice this time.
She placed her hands on top of his right hand and moved it to her breasts. She gasped as he rubbed them gently, then she pushed his hand to her stomach. His other hand left her face and made its way down, slowly, to her breasts. She bit her lip and moaned again while pushing his right hand lower.
His left hand started undoing the buttons on her shirt, and she stood up. She turned to face him and finished unbuttoning it. She took off her top shirt then removed two more shirts underneath. She looked around nervously, then undid her bra.
“You’re beautiful,” Shawn gasped.
She sat down again and leaned against the pillow.
“Is this helping?” Shawn asked as he brushed the white gloves across her perk nipples.
“Yes!” she exclaimed. He wasn’t sure if it was excitement or an answer.
“Are the images gone?” Shawn asked.
“Yes,” she replied, and he was sure this time, it was an answer.
He smiled and continued to brush the white gloves gently across her skin. He caressed her stomach with his right while he lightly pinched her left nipple.
“I just wish you could make me cum.” She whispered in a low, husky voice and bit her lip. Her eyes were shut, and he could only imagine the pleasure he was giving her. He never imagined her as being so open and sharing. It was a good thing he had already thought this through.
He removed his hands and boosted her forward a little and she whined.
“Done already?” She asked.
He pulled the white glove off of his right hand. He had planned for this. The tape wasn’t attached to the cloth glove, just the latex one underneath. Out of his pocket, he pulled out a tube of lubricant. She looked at it with amazement then a look of gratitude and lust replaced it. She leaned back and undid her pants. She slid them down, leaving only her panties.
“Those too,” he instructed.
“Yes, boss,” she laughed playfully.
“You really are gorgeous,” he said.
He rubbed the liquid in his right hand, trying to warm it up. She rubbed her own hands all over her body in anticipation while she watched. When she couldn’t take it any longer, she grabbed his wrist and directed his hand.
“I don’t care if it’s cold. I need it,” Lisa said forcefully. She gasped when his hand, covered in latex and cold liquid touched her. The gasp was followed by a high pitched sigh, followed by a moan that told him this was exactly what she needed. She started to pant in time with the movement of his finger.
“Use three fingers, not one,” she ordered, and he complied.
“Yes,” she cried in a breathy voice. “Faster,” she ordered.
Shawn moved his fingers faster and tried to move them in a circular fashion.
“Yes, that’s it,” she cried louder. “Push a little harder,” she ordered, and again, he followed her directions.
He rolled her nipple between his fingers, and she grabbed his hand to keep him from pulling it away. She started to move her hips in time with his hand, and the panting got faster. He moved his hands faster to keep up with her, and he was rewarded with more cries of pleasure.
She grabbed his left hand tightly, and he knew she was getting close. He couldn’t risk getting near her face, but he really wanted to see her expression. He imagined the mixture of frustration and pleasure then squeezed her breast. He was again rewarded with sounds of pleasure. He imagined her biting her lip and squeezing her eyes tightly as she drew closer and closer.
“Don’t stop!” she ordered.
Shawn had no intention of stopping, not unless she told him to. He pushed a little harder, moved a little faster, and she rewarded him again. “Yes, like that! Yes!”
Her hips were now moving more purposefully. He imagined them working on him then stopped himself. ‘No, this is about her. Don’t get too excited, or you might hurt her.’ He redoubled his efforts. He pulled his left hand out of her tight grip, and she whined again.
“No.” She sounded disappointed, but after he used his teeth to remove the white glove, he replaced his hand, and the latex let her feel the warmth of it. “Oh, that’s better!” The time for tender teasing was over. She pulled his hand across to her right breast, and he squeezed. Her orders and urgings got faster, louder.
“Yes. Don’t stop! Yes! Almost! Please…” Suddenly she gripped his hand tightly, and her body shook. Her panting turned sharp and quick. She shuddered over and over again, while grasping his hands almost painfully. Then she relaxed and let out a satisfied sigh. She moved his hands and pulled them around her chest. “Thank you,” she whispered. “I just wish I could do something for you.”
“You have no idea how much you’ve helped me just by letting me do this.” Shawn remembered Samantha’s words ‘A person will give up sex, self-satisfaction, even survival for love.’ He knew what his Demonic Temptation was. He had always assumed love required sex, but it didn’t. He didn’t need to have sex with Lisa to love her, and he did love her. He would spend every day doing this for her, and get nothing physical in return, because he loved her.
“What do you mean?” She was perfectly comfortable. He was holding her, and she was naked, but she didn’t mind. She hadn’t felt this good in a very long time.
“I love you, Lisa. You helped me realize it.” Shawn hugged her tighter.
“But I can never give you what you just gave me.” She got up and covered herself. She was very aware of being naked now. She pulled up her pants and threw on a shirt while he sat there silently. When she was dressed, she turned and looked at him again.
“Sit down. Let me hold you some more, please,” Shawn said kindly.
She grinned and sat down between his legs. He wrapped his arms around her and sat there for a moment, trying to figure out how to explain it to her. She didn’t mind. She was enjoying this for as long as it would last. She was avoiding telling him she also loved him, but she had a good reason, at least she thought so. She wanted to give him time to change his mind. She was not going to trap him in a relationship unless it was really what he wanted.
“Are you feeling clear headed again?” Shawn asked. He wanted to make sure she would remember this.
“Yes, I haven’t felt this clear headed in…well, in years.” She even surprised herself by this admission. She felt like a fog had lifted from her head. As long as she could remember, at least while she was abstinent, a fog of images had clouded her mind and kept her from thinking straight.
“Good, I want you to understand what I’m saying. I love you. Not because you’re beautiful, which you are. But because I wake up in the morning every day and think about you until I fall asleep. Not sexual thoughts, although there are some of those as well. I’m not dead,” Shawn laughed. “And you are gorgeous. There are others, though. Most of them, I just picture you smiling and laughing at my stupid jokes. I long to hear your voice every morning. I try to find things to say so I can talk to you longer. I really love you.” Shawn sounded like he was shocked by this, and he was. How had he not seen this sooner?
Lisa put her hands on top of his arms. It was as close to hugging as they would ever come. She couldn’t risk accidentally touching his cheek to hers. Even her hair might be toxic to him. She was thankful she still had her hair net on. Her hair went below her shoulders. With all the excitement, she could have gotten him killed by accidentally whipping her hair in his face. Next time, she really hoped there would be a next time, she would be more cautious. She would prepare.
“I love you too, Shawn. I have for a long time. I just didn’t know you felt the same way.” She squeezed his arms tighter to her chest. She realized she had forgotten to put her bra on, and she felt aroused again. This time it wasn’t the illness. She could handle this. It was because of him. There were no images swirling in her head. Well, not ones she didn’t want. She remembered what they had just done and wondered how long she would be clear headed. Part of her hoped he would want to do this more often, though part of her felt guilty. She couldn’t return the favor. This was a one-sided relationship. “Are you sure there isn’t anything I can do to help you?”
“I don’t think you get it. That did help me. I feel better than I have in a very long time. You’re problems are sexual, mine are emotional.” Shawn laughed. “Isn’t that a cruel irony? The guy is the emotional one and the girl the sexual one.”
“Actually it is pretty amusing,” she laughed and pulled his arms tighter around her. She didn’t want this to end.
“I don’t suppose there is any safe way for us to sleep in the same bed, is there?” Shawn mused.
“No. That would end badly,” her tone fell.
“Yeah, you roll over and give me a kiss in your sleep, or I have a wet dream about you, and it’s all over.” Shawn forced a laugh, but the sadness of it was not lost on him.
“Sleeping together isn’t a deal breaker for me. Although, I do think I’ll take you up on that movie night.” She pushed herself away so Shawn could see her smiling. Now that the visions were gone, at least for a while, she enjoyed looking at his face.
“Ok, so let’s set some ground rules here,” Shawn started.
“I think that’s a very good idea,” she agreed.
“First off,” he looked at her crossly. “Tell me when it is bothering you again. I don’t care if we have to do this twice a day.” Shawn smiled fiendishly. “It’s not like I get nothing out of it.”
“Oh, really now,” Lisa smirked. She really wanted to kiss him now. A whole new set of impulses flooded her mind. It wasn’t going to be easy, but she would have to learn to control these as well.
“You have no idea.” Shawn raised one eyebrow.
“It’s a deal. When it’s bothering me, I’ll tell you.” She turned and leaned back on his chest. He put his arms around her again and just sat there enjoying this new feeling. He was comfortable, content, and happy.
“This is what I want. For as long as we can. Just you and me.” Shawn hugged her tightly. She pushed herself up again and stood up. She faced him, and a devilish grin spread across her face.
“We’re gonna need some latex gloves, tape, a softer coat,” she motioned to the lab coat he was wearing. “And a lot of other things.”
“That’s the spirit. Want to go shopping?” Shawn was excited. He couldn’t have sex, but she could. It was enough.

Chapter 7
Lisa walked home from Shawn’s apartment, lost in thought. She had spent the remainder of the day with Shawn, shopping for supplies. She giggled to herself. How ridiculously absurd it was. Shawn had even offered to help her one more time before she headed home, but she turned him down. As tempting as it was, it was late, and her thoughts weren’t cloudy. She couldn’t remember a better day. They had spent nearly five hours shopping for supplies. They weren’t in a hurry. Most of the time was spent goofing around and teasing each other. The shopping part could have been over with in about an hour, but neither of them minded. They were too lost in each other to realize how slowly they were going.
Lisa lived only ten blocks from Shawn, so it was a short walk to her place from his. The neighborhood they lived in wasn’t too bad, and even if it was. Anyone wanting to harm her would get a nasty surprise. She finally convinced Shawn there was no need for him to walk her home. She was as deadly as anyone stupid enough to try and stop her. Even then, what man would be able to resist her long enough to do something to her. One touch and he’d be out cold.
Lisa looked over her shoulder. She thought she heard footsteps behind her and a strange chill ran down her spine. Suddenly, she was a little scared. She wasn’t even sure why. It was the strangest sensation, like someone staring at her hungrily. Despite her confidence with men, she couldn’t shake this feeling. Something was wrong. She picked up the pace and again thought she heard footsteps behind her. She stopped and turned, but there was no one there. She pulled her scarf around her tightly and almost sprinted to the next corner. She waited for the crosswalk then hurried across.
A car sped by and honked its horn at something behind her. She turned, and there was no one there again. Why had the car honked? A cat or dog, maybe? There wasn’t a single person besides the people driving the car. No one was on the streets, it was nearly midnight. Most people were probably in bed.
She turned down her block and hurried. She heard the footsteps again but forced herself to go on. He wouldn’t be there even if she turned around. She just needed to make it to the end of the block. How did she know it was a he? Somehow she just knew. She could feel it, him. He was lusting for her, hungry. No he was ravenous for her. He wanted to devour her. Her hands shook as she pulled the keys from her pocket. She had never been so scared, not like this. She never feared men, but this man was different. He was not distracted by her looks and didn’t want sex. The lust he felt wasn’t sexual at all. He literally wanted to devour her.
She opened the door and slammed it quickly. She did up the three locks and walked to the couch. Her hands were still shaking. What had just happened? She could feel his desire to drain her life. He didn’t just want her to die, he wanted her to suffer. He needed her to be afraid while he slowly took her life.
She thought about calling Shawn, but he was probably already asleep. She would tell him tomorrow if it still bothered her. She forced herself to get up and make her way upstairs. She didn’t bother turning off any lights. There was no way she was sleeping in the dark tonight.
How she wished she could have stayed with Shawn. He made her feel safe and comfortable. He wasn’t just after her body. He seemed more interested in her happiness. A smile worked its way onto her frightened face then just as quickly vanished. She felt him staring again. She ran to her bedroom windows and pulled the curtains shut. It helped. She didn’t feel it anymore. Slowly, shaking, she got undressed and put on her pajamas.

Chapter 8
“Shit!” Shawn shot up in bed, covered in sweat. What had just happened? His dream started out nice. He was in Lisa’s office, and he was helping her. Then, abruptly, he was standing outside of her house. He watched her through the windows, curtains drawn. He could see her silhouette undressing. He felt the lust rising then it changed. The lust became hunger. He wanted to hurt her, make her scream. He would torture this one much longer. This one was special. This one loved his son.
He jumped out of bed and started pacing. This was no ordinary dream. It was one of the nightmares, seen through his father’s eyes. His father knew about Lisa. His father wanted to hurt Lisa and devour her terror. Shawn couldn’t stop thinking about it.
Wait! Samantha knew! He ran to the other room and grabbed his phone. She had given him her cellphone number in case of emergencies, and this was definitely an emergency. It rang a couple of times, then she answered.
“Shawn? Are you alright?” Samantha asked.
“It’s Lisa. I had another nightmare. My father wants to hurt Lisa.” Shawn was frantic. Someone needed to do something!
“Why don’t you go over there and sleep on her couch. I’ll see what I can find out.” Samantha sounded way too calm.
“What am I going to do? This disease has taken all my strength. From what I’ve seen, he is really strong. We should call the cops.” Shawn wasn’t yelling, but it was apparent that he wanted to.
“The cops are no match for him, and he won’t risk confronting you, not yet. He needs something from you more than he needs to hurt her. She will be safe as long as you are there. Just don’t leave her side.” Samantha’s voice was comforting.
“Ok, I’m heading over there now. Let me know if you find anything,” Shawn urged.
“Just come see me in the morning. Drop Lisa off at work, and I’ll be waiting. Bye, Shawn.” Samantha hung up.
Across from her in her office was Kelly, arms crossed and foot tapping. She looked impatient and angry.
“Was that him?” Kelly asked crossly.
“Yes, that was the demon’s son, Shawn.” Samantha had to speak cautiously with Kelly. She was hot-headed, and there needed to be no reason for her to want to hurt Shawn or Lisa.
“Why don’t we just kill Shawn? The demon needs him. He’ll die without him. It’s the perfect solution.” Kelly seemed like she had made up her mind.
“Do you kill innocent people on a daily basis? Are you that callous? Maybe the rules for the Asuune have changed since the last time I checked? And it won’t kill him. He’ll just make another child.” Samantha looked at Kelly crossly.
Kelly looked guiltily at the floor. Then the fire returned to her eyes.
“He’s a demon just like his father. He’s no innocent.” Kelly rebutted.
“He’s a hybrid. Only part demon. He has the soul of a human. He has never once, intentionally hurt another person. In fact, he is in love.” Samantha maneuvered the conversation. She wanted Kelly to ask questions so she could hand out the information in a way Kelly wouldn’t reject.
“Demons can’t love.” Kelly was almost sure of this, but something in her voice betrayed her fake confidence.
“They most certainly can and do love others. It’s only safe if it is another hybrid, but they can find love.” Samantha waited for the questions again. Kelly was very intelligent, but she wasn’t looking to catch this kind of deception. Samantha had been manipulating conversations for a very long time.
“Who does he love?” Kelly asked, now she was curious. “And what kind of demon are we really after?”
Now, Samantha knew Kelly was ready to listen.
“Shawn is an incubus, and he is in love with a succubus named Lisa. That is the way it has to be. They have oppositely charged energies that nullify each other. Once they are really together, then humans are safe. A hybrid in love is no more dangerous than your average human. The energy that builds up in an incubus is absorbed by the succubus. It’s perfect harmony.
“So, this Lisa…she’s like his one…like Asuune?” Kelly asked.
Samantha smiled. Finally! Kelly was ready to listen.
“Yes, you’ve got it. As long as an incubus can find a succubus that loves him back and vice versa, they are harmless to humans. Now, for the one who is killing women. His name is Malphas and believe me, he is a very dangerous demon. Not a hybrid. A real, prince of hell, demon.” Samantha looked at Kelly, whose attitude had changed. She was ready to accept Shawn and Lisa as harmless. At least Samantha hoped that was the case.
“You can probably handle him but be careful. He’s sneaky and very strong. Hmm,” Samantha thought out loud. “You might be his perfect match.”
“Why is that?” Kelly asked.
“You’re immune to his powers for the most part. You’re gay and married. His seductions won’t have any effect on you.” Samantha smiled at Kelly.
“Where can I find him?” Kelly looked determined and angry.
“Get Hailey and go to this address. Keep an eye out. He wants Lisa because Shawn wants her. He will do whatever it takes to break Shawn’s spirit and convince him to start killing humans.” Samantha handed Kelly a note with Lisa’s address on it.
“That’s why he needs Shawn?” Kelly asked.
“He needs his child to feed for him. He can barely keep up with the need on his own. Every soul he devours keeps him healthy, but he needs his son to feed to make him stronger. I’m sure you have a million questions, but if you want to catch him, you will need to get started. And remember, take Hailey. Never fight a demon on your own. Gay, married, won’t matter if he touches you.” Samantha walked back to her chair and grabbed her purse. “I’ll walk you out, I need to get some sleep. I have a very confused incubus coming tomorrow, and he has no idea how much of his world is about to come crashing down.”
Samantha put her arm in Kelly’s and walked toward the door. Kelly glanced at the taller woman, curiously. She was touching Samantha. Why was it different than touching Malphas? Something here didn’t add up. There was something else Samantha was hiding from her, actually, quite a few things. Some day she would need to sit down with Samantha and force her to tell the truth, but not tonight. Innocent women might be hurt tonight if Malphas couldn’t get to Lisa.

Chapter 9
Shawn knocked on Lisa’s door. There was no answer, and he started to get worried. He knocked again, harder this time. He heard someone walking down the steps. Next, he heard locks being undone, then the door opened. She looked amazing, even with an old robe on and her hair a mess. She rubbed the sleep from her eyes and looked at him, confused.
“Shawn?” Lisa asked.
“Can I come in?” he asked. She looked so cute. He felt nervous just looking at her adorable face. He wanted to throw his arms around her and express how happy he was that she was alright, but he knew that could never be their relationship. Instead, he needed to act calmly, more rational.
“Of course,” Lisa replied and stepped out of the way. She had the feeling again. Someone was watching her. She looked out the door curiously, then had the overwhelming urge to shut it quickly. She redid the locks then followed Shawn into the living room.
“You’re in danger,” Shawn started. He struggled with how to explain it, then remembered. This was Lisa. She already knew about his nightmares and didn’t find it the least bit crazy. “I had another nightmare. My father is after you.”
“That explains a lot,” she replied. She sat in the armchair and watched Shawn sit on the couch. She desperately wanted to sit by him, but she wasn’t prepared for that. She had on pajamas and a thin robe. Her arms weren’t completely covered. She didn’t have gloves on, and even her legs were bare. There were a multitude of places her skin could accidentally touch his.
“If I’m near he won’t try to harm you.” Shawn wasn’t sure how well she was taking it. Sure, it was Lisa, but even she must have limits on her belief in him. “Do you mind if I sleep here. On the couch, of course.” He looked into her beautiful eyes. Why did she just believe him? Everyone else, except Samantha, would think he was insane.But not her. Lisa didn’t even look upset at all.
“Why would I mind?” Lisa smiled, and Shawn was lost in her beautiful expression. He just stared at her for a few moments then forced himself to talk.
“I didn’t bring anything. I’m sorry, I was in such a hurry that I didn’t even think about it.” He smiled back at her, unable to suppress the complete happiness he found in her gaze.
“You can grab some stuff tomorrow. I have some extra blankets and pillows you can use.” She could hardly believe what was happening. For so many years she felt so alone, cut off from everyone, and now…she had a boyfriend. At least she thought he was. She hoped he would bring up the subject. She felt so nervous, like a girl hoping the boy would notice her. She pulled her robe around her tightly as she got up. Though she wasn’t sure why. He’d seen everything already. As she walked to the closet under the stairs she felt his eyes on her. She liked this feeling, she wanted it.
Shawn watched her go to the closet and get out blankets and a pillow. How had he gotten so lucky? In his condition, he assumed he would never have this again. They couldn’t touch, but it wasn’t important anymore. She was giving him the thing he really needed. Her acceptance and willingness to believe everything he said was worth so much more. He wondered if he could ever properly explain this to her.
She set the blankets on the coffee table and put the pillow on top. She didn’t bother pulling the robe closed this time. She wanted him to look. The incessant images hadn’t started, but she wanted nothing more than to have him touch her again. He wasn’t actually touching her, but it was close, as close as they would ever come and it was enough. She smiled at him, just thinking about it.
“There’s more in the closet if you need them.” Lisa didn’t sit down. She stood in front of him with her arms at her sides. He looked at her body from head to toe, and she let him.
After several moments he felt the need to speak. Was he being creepy? She didn’t seem to mind. In fact, she seemed to want him to look. His heart raced in his chest.
“We should probably get some sleep.” He looked regretful at this admission, and Lisa’s heart sank. “I mean I could stare at you all night, and probably would. If I didn’t need to talk to Samantha in the morning.” He continued to look at her and stood up. “I seriously wish I hadn’t left all our supplies in my apartment.”
His deviously cute smile gave her goosebumps. How had he read her mind? She was the mind reader, sort of, not him. She blushed as she realized he hadn’t actually read her mind. They were simply thinking the same thing.
“You should probably get those tomorrow.” One side of her mouth tipped upward into a half smile. Flirting with a man felt so strange. She had forced herself to stop this years ago. It felt wonderful, especially with Shawn.
Shawn took his shirt off then kicked off his shoes. Lisa took a step back and let out a small sigh.
“Don’t worry. I’ll leave my pants on.” He smiled at her and hoped she was as turned on by this as he was.
“That might be a good idea.” The rest of her smile came out, and she put one finger between her lips. She bit down on the fingernail lightly then pulled her hair back, nervously. “At least until you get our supplies.” She wanted nothing to get in the way of him looking at her. For a moment the thought of taking off her robe occurred to her but she pushed it away with a smirk. She would save that for tomorrow.
She looked over his chest and saw the muscles ripple under the skin. Wait! He looked healthier than yesterday.
“How do you feel?” she asked, her thoughts turning from her desire to his wellbeing.
“Actually, I feel pretty good, why?” Shawn asked, still standing with his shirt off just staring at the woman in front him.
“You look like you put on weight.” Lisa looked him over and walked around to the side of the couch, carefully keeping a few feet between them. “You didn’t look like this earlier today.”
Shawn looked at his arms then at his chest. When had this happened? What had caused it?
“You’re right.” He looked at her seductively. “Seems like you weren’t the only one who needed that.”
“That can’t be why. How…” She was suddenly struck by how handsome he was and forgot what she was saying.
“I can see more clinical research in our immediate future.” Shawn stared at her seductively, and she blushed again. She put her hands up to her chest, right below her neck and looked back at him lustfully.
“If it’s helping you too then I won’t have to feel so guilty.” She couldn’t stop looking at his body now. She felt embarrassed by the fact that she was doing it, but she couldn’t stop.
“Umm, we should probably get to bed,” he said nervously. Shawn sat on the couch and grabbed the pillow, then laid it out. Next, he started with the blankets.
“Yes,” she whispered. Then gasped quietly as she watched him spread out the blanket. He looked amazing, and all she could think about was him touching her again. She found it difficult to move. She knew she should head upstairs, but her feet wouldn’t listen.
“Night, Lisa. Sweet dreams,” he smiled as he covered himself and rolled onto his side.
Sweet dreams…No, they wouldn’t be sweet. Enjoyable, yes, but not sweet. She turned and walked up the steps. She felt his eyes following her and was compelled to slow down. What was going through his mind? She was so used to knowing what guys wanted from her. Seeing what they wanted to do to her. This lack of knowledge about Shawn’s thoughts was quite erotic. At the top of the steps, she looked over her shoulder and saw Shawn staring at her. Good, he was watching. She bit her lip then disappeared around the corner.
Shawn rolled onto his back and laced his fingers behind his head. He drifted off to sleep, thinking about Lisa. He wondered if she was thinking about him too.

Chapter 10
Kelly easily climbed up the side of the house across from Lisa’s. She was as quiet and graceful as the cat she really was. The people inside the house might think it was a squirrel if she made a mistake, but she didn’t make mistakes. Not when it came to being silent. She just hoped her wife was able to be just as quiet. Hailey was beautiful, yes, but not stealthy. Her gorgeous wife was raised in Egypt and lived like a street rat in her youth. Hailey had learned to steal food to stay alive but stealing from preoccupied merchants was not the same as moving around quietly.
Hailey’s dark features brought a smile to Kelly’s face as she reached the top of the house and saw her wife lying there. Hailey’s luxurious, long brown hair curled across her back. She hadn’t even heard Kelly sneaking up on her. For a moment, Kelly thought about startling her but now was not the time to goof around with her wife.
Kelly eased her way beside Hailey and watched Lisa’s house.
“Anything?” Hailey asked, not looking at her wife. She stared intently at the house, scouring the surrounding yards and houses for any movement.
Kelly admired her wife for a moment. If she thought of herself a cat, which she was, Hailey was a wolf. Though Hailey didn’t have whatever it was that made Asuune into Versi, her brother had been a wolf and Hailey acted like one. She was very protective, almost overly so, whenever she perceived a threat to someone she loved. She wasn’t here because of some duty to save humans, nor was she even interested in the demons. Hailey was here because Kelly needed help. Before Kelly had even finished the sentence, Hailey had agreed to go with her. Their relationship was perfect for both of them. Hailey needed someone to protect and Kelly, who was so giving of herself, almost naively so, needed someone to watch out for her.
“Nothing. He’s here somewhere. I can smell him,” Kelly whispered.
“You sure you’re not smelling the two in that house,” Hailey sneered. She hated demons. She had never met one with any compassion or even consideration for anyone but themselves. Demons took what they wanted, often killing people in their wake.
“You may be surprised to find out, but they smell human,” Kelly leaned her head on Hailey’s shoulder.
“How? They’re demons,” Hailey looked at the top of her wife’s blonde head, and her agitation eased.
“Ok, maybe human is the wrong word. They don’t smell like humans. They smell kind.” Kelly rolled over onto her back and looked up at the sky. Although her eyes were very sharp, better than Hailey’s, her hearing and smell were much better. If the demon moved, she would hear him. If he was close, she’d smell him.
“Really? Kind and demon in the same sentence?” Hailey smirked at her wife. It was hard to be upset about anything when Kelly was safe and sound beside her.
“They haven’t killed anyone. They don’t want to either,” Kelly replied.
“Give them time,” Hailey replied smugly.
Kelly rolled over quickly. She had heard something. A scratching noise that Hailey didn’t notice.
“He’s watching them from the roof beside her house.” Kelly looked intently at the house beside Lisa’s but didn’t see anything. “I have an idea. There’s two of us. You walk in front of her house, and I’ll keep an eye on him.”
“You have your phone?” Hailey asked.
“Of course, I would never leave my phone. You’d kill me.” Kelly smiled at her wife and kissed her on the cheek.
“You do have the habit of taking off, and I’m not as fast as you.” Hailey kissed Kelly on the forehead then stood up.
“I know, I know. Turn on the tracking app.” Kelly sounded annoyed, but it was an act. She loved the fact that Hailey wanted to keep tabs on her. It made her feel safe. Despite the fact that Kelly was much stronger, faster, and a better fighter than Hailey, she could sometimes get herself into trouble. It was strange. Hailey was much older, but in the Asuune world, age didn’t always mean power. The parents, or rather, the particular angel’s blood in the parents made more difference than anything else. Kelly never knew her mother, she had died when Kelly was a few months old. Her mother must have been something amazing if a young Asuune like Kelly was as strong as she was. Hailey was thousands of years old, but Kelly only a little over one hundred.
Kelly had met only two Asuune who could beat her, and this was not a surprise because of who they were. One was her idol, Sarah. The oldest known Asuune in the world. Daughter of Samael and Lilith. Very powerful parents, indeed. The other, the granddaughter of the Archangel Michael. Kelly felt a wave of sadness as she thought of Katherine. If Kelly ever had a best friend, it was her. They had only known each other a short time, but it had been wonderful while it lasted. Kelly didn’t take Kathrine’s death very well. Hailey had been the strong, rock that she needed, but even Hailey took it hard. Kelly found her wife sitting in the bathroom, crying on more than one occasion. Katherine had been very important to her as well.
Hailey jumped from the roof and landed on the sidewalk below. The noise echoed through the street, and Kelly smiled. Hailey always knew what she was thinking. The demon needed to know she was there. Hailey was getting his attention.
Kelly watched as a black figure moved on the roof. He slid across it to get a better look at Hailey. He eyed Hailey for a moment as she walked up to Lisa’s house and sat on the steps. Damn, her wife was perfect. It was almost as if Kelly had told her to do exactly this. The demon had to slide farther on the roof to see where Hailey had gone, and Kelly got a good look at him now in the dim glow given off from the street lights.
He was fairly large. He looked muscular and vicious. He had long black hair, and his face looked excessively boney. It was like his cheekbones, and the bones under his eyebrows were thicker than a human. He had small horns coming from either side of his forehead but other than that he could have passed for human. The demon’s eyes flashed yellow as he looked down on Hailey. Kelly sniffed the air and caught the distinct smell of sulfur and burning flesh. He was definitely a demon and a very nasty one. The burnt flesh smell was the smell of death. All the evil he had done to countless humans. Shawn and Lisa smelled like sulfur, but they didn’t have this stench of evil.
The demon looked at Hailey for a moment then took off, running across the rooftops. Hailey must have heard him because she took off in the direction he had gone. Kelly silently followed him, moving from rooftop to rooftop.
After about ten minutes, Hailey had fallen behind, but Kelly was still only a few hundred feet from him. He was slowing down. The suburb had turned into a busy city now. The rush of cars could be heard even at this late hour. The part of the city they were in was run down and dirty. He was looking for easy prey. More than likely, a prostitute. Many of the missing women had been prostitutes. He seemed to favor them because they were easy to get alone and rarely missed.
Kelly followed the demon to a dark alley and watched as his features eased into a mildly attractive human. He was talking to a woman with a short skirt, torn fishnet stockings, and a revealing top. She was most certainly a prostitute. He led her farther into the alley, and Kelly eased down the side of the building. She watched from the shadows as the man grabbed the woman’s arm and a look came over her, as if she had been drugged. The woman stumbled, so he guided her to sit on a garbage can while he moved his hands to her throat. He went slowly, obviously enjoying the terror which was evident on her face, even at Kelly’s distance.
Kelly ran across the alley, and her claws came out as she reached him. She slashed across his back, and he howled in pain. The howl startled Kelly. This was not the howl of a human. She had never dealt with a real demon. It sounded evil and powerful. He turned to her, his eyes burning yellow with fury and hellfire. Claws came out of his hands, and his face returned to the evil visage from before. She hadn’t been able to tell from the rooftop, but he had fangs, not large like hers but vicious looking ones, all the same. They reminded Kelly of canine. Almost like the ones she’d seen on Hailey’s brother the night Kathrine had killed him. Small but sharp and deadly.
“Asuune,” he said with distain. “You shouldn’t meddle in the affairs of demons.” He walked toward her slowly. He talked tough, but she could see his fear in the way he moved. He was hoping he had found a weak Asuune. He also seemed surprised she wasn’t immediately under his spell.
“You should leave humans in my city alone,” Kelly replied, and her fangs slid into place.
“What lovely fangs,” Malphas said seductively then looked at Kelly strangely. He looked her over, and his fear returned. “You’re either married or gay.”
“Both, in fact,” Kelly smirked.
He lunged at Kelly, and she dodged him easily. She kicked him in the back, and he fell onto the garbage can. This apparently broke the spell on the prostitute because she took off screaming.
Kelly looked at her as she ran and Malphas saw his opportunity. He grabbed Kelly’s arm. He held it tightly with his hand, and she looked down at it curiously. It took a few moments, and the worry on his face rose.
Kelly felt strange. It was like someone whispering to her. All her anger left. She looked into his eyes and wondered if he was going to kill her. She felt fear and longing at the same time. She was afraid of him but didn’t want to move. If he just kissed her, maybe she would feel better. He was so handsome. Why was she trying to hurt him? All she wanted to do was kiss him.
“I went out for a snack and found a feast,” he laughed.
Kelly smiled at Malphas. What was he talking about? His words sounded far away and muffled. Maybe she should kiss him first? Maybe he was waiting for her to start. She stood on her toes and threw her arms around his neck. He moved his hands to her waist and leaned in.
Kelly was thrown backward as Malphas shot sideways in the alley, smashing into the brick wall. The thud echoed through the alley, then Kelly saw Hailey picking up the demon by the throat.
“Don’t touch him!” Kelly yelled, but it was too late.
Hailey slowly put him down and looked into his eyes longingly.
“Two feasts,” Malphas said lustfully.
Kelly thought fast. She couldn’t touch him. She needed something to hit him with, but the alley was barren. Then she noticed a metal drain pipe. She ripped a section of it off the wall and smashed it into Malphas’s head. He tumbled down the alley then got to his feet with considerable effort. He shot them one glance then headed up the side of the building.
Hailey fell to the ground. Kelly’s head was still spinning, but Hailey wasn’t as strong as she was. It seemed to affect her faster and more completely. Kelly picked up Hailey’s head. Her eyes looked lost. Kelly pulled her into her arms and headed back to the street. Once they were on the street, Hailey looked up at her as she started to come out of it.
“I really hate demons,” she said weakly.
Kelly brushed the hair from Hailey’s face and set her on her feet.
“We need to find a better way to fight him,” Kelly smiled at her wife.
“As much as I hate to say this. Samantha might be the only demon you can trust. I bet she knows how,” Hailey walked wearily beside Kelly, leaning on her shoulder.

Chapter 11
Shawn dropped Lisa off at work. He lingered at her doorway, neither of them wanting to part. Shawn knew he needed to talk to Samantha, but he just couldn’t seem to say goodbye.
“I better get to work,” Lisa said, looking at the floor. She looked back up at him, and with a seductive look, she said. “Make sure you stop by your apartment and get your…supplies. I think you’ll need them tonight.” She started to unlock the door, then turned. “You should also bring some clothes. If you’re going to be staying for a while.” She looked at him hopefully.
“If you’re offering, I’m staying,” Shawn replied quickly.
“Good,” she said, then opened the door.
Shawn hurried down the hall. He had a lot to do today. He was not going to let her change her mind. He would pack all his clothes and supplies as fast as he could, but even then it might take a while.
“Shawn!” Lisa yelled from her door.
Shawn hurried back to her.
“Yes?” Shawn asked with anticipation.
Lisa held out her hand. She had put her gloves on already. Her fist was closed, so he put his open palm under it. She opened her fist, and a key fell into his hand.
“You’ll need this to get in,” she smiled at him.
Shawn wasn’t sure what to say. This was happening so fast, but their situation was nothing if not bizarre. There was no reason to go slow. They had found the one person the other could actually be happy with. Each had an understanding of the others limits and what was possible in their relationship. The odds of finding another person who, not only, would understand their situation but also accept it, was nearly impossible.
“I’ll have everything there by four and be back to walk you home by five,” Shawn beamed.
“I’ll be waiting,” Lisa grinned, then went back inside.
Shawn stood there for a moment thanking whatever twist of fate brought them together. He watched Lisa working until she glanced over her shoulder at him. He smiled, then headed toward Samantha’s office.
Samantha was sitting at her desk, writing notes, and looking perplexed. He walked in slowly, not wanting to interrupt her. After a few moments, he felt the need to say something.
“That about me?” Shawn asked curiously.
“Actually, no. It’s about another patient,” Samantha smiled at him and stood up.
“I thought I was your only patient?” Shawn asked.
“Sorry, let me clarify. It is about a potential patient. After I’m done here, I’ll be heading off to find someone else to help.” Samantha looked a little sad at the admission.
“I think I’m pretty much cured,” Shawn smiled and sat down.
“Not exactly,” Samantha said solemnly. She saw the confused look on his face and started to explain. “You are cured of your Demonic Temptation, but you still have a lot to learn before I can go. Also, there is the problem with your father.”
“I was thinking about it. We should just call the police. You’re a therapist. How are you going to stop him?” Shawn clasped his hands in front of himself and leaned forward.
“That’s the part I’ve been waiting to explain. I think you trust me now. You know you love Lisa, right?” Samantha sat on the front of her desk and waited. She could see the answer on his face before the words came out. So much joy and love was impossible for him to contain.
“Yes, thank you.” He beamed and sat back.
“Good, then this will be easier.” Samantha walked over and shut the door. She locked it, and Shawn started to worry.
“What’s going on?” Shawn asked. He had the sudden urge to run.
“There’s no easy way to say this, so I’m just going to come out and say it.” Samantha went back to her desk and sat on the front of it. She crossed her arms. “Your father is a demon.”
“Yeah, I’ve seen it. He’s a horrible person. I still think we need to call the cops…” He trailed off when he saw the look on Samantha’s face.
“I mean he’s literally a demon from hell.” Samantha stared at him sternly. He needed to accept this. The rest she would explain when Lisa was present, but this he needed to understand. Lisa’s life was in danger.
“Seriously?” Shawn asked, but his mind was already starting to accept it. Samantha had believed him without question. Who was he to not do the same? Hell, it made as much sense as anything that had happened this week. His girlfriend could read emotions. He could see through his father, the demon’s, eyes. It actually made sense.
“You know it’s the truth,” Samantha smiled. She could see the acceptance on his face. He was hoping she would deny it, but he knew it was true.
“Wow! That…it…he…that just makes so much sense. Am I crazy?” Shawn looked at her, desperately needing help.
“You are not crazy. These things exist. People don’t want to see them, but they are out there if you look hard enough.” Samantha felt a little better now. He accepted the truth so well. Tomorrow, with Lisa, the rest of the truth would be much easier to take.
“What do we do?” Shawn begged.
“You let me handle it. For now, just stay close to Lisa. Keep her safe. He won’t risk hurting you. He needs you,” Samantha was sure of it, and it helped Shawn. She leaned back and sighed. “Bring Lisa tomorrow. There’s more to go over, but she should be here for that.”
“I’ll go get her right now,” Shawn stood up.
“I’m sorry, but I have things I need to do. To protect her. Tomorrow.” Samantha looked serious.
“Can I tell her about my father?” Shawn asked.
“If you want to. Otherwise, I’ll tell her tomorrow. Just enjoy your time with her. Have fun. As long as you are near her, she will be safe until I find a better solution.” Samantha walked back and sat in her chair. She picked up her pad and pen then looked up at Shawn. “Go, have some fun. You deserve it.”
Shawn was shocked, but the thought of spending time with Lisa washed it away. So what if his father was a demon. Samantha was much more knowledgeable about all of this, and she was going to find a solution. All he needed to do was the one thing she didn’t have to ask him to do. Spend time with Lisa.
Shawn knocked on the door to Lisa’s office. She didn’t wear her glasses today, and her hair was down. He never realized she had such pretty hair. She had long straight brown hair that seemed to catch the light as she walked to the door. Maybe it was just him being in love, but she looked absolutely angelic. She had on makeup today, and her clothes fit her beautiful body nicely. She looked up and smiled as she unlocked it, and he was certain. She wasn’t just angelic, she was an angel, his angel.
“I’m heading off to get the stuff. Samantha is working on a way to stop my father. You shouldn’t need my constant protection much longer,” Shawn smiled, and Lisa’s smile disappeared. “Don’t worry, just because you don’t need it, doesn’t mean I won’t keep hanging around bugging you all the time.” He lifted one eyebrow, and her smile returned.
“Good, because I think I’ll be the one bugging you pretty soon,” Lisa held the door and looked at him.
She was an angel. No one could be that perfect. She had to be.
“Never gonna happen,” Shawn smirked then started toward the elevator. “Love you.” He said this so matter-of-factly that it hit Lisa like a brick.
She just stood there unable to reply, not even able to breathe. Her mind raced, as did her heart. At first, she wasn’t sure she had heard him right. Then as he got into the elevator and the doors closed, she realized he had really said it. Yesterday he had admitted his feelings as did she, but this was different. Those words, said so confidently. He had meant them.
“Love you too,” she replied, but the doors were already shut. She had missed her chance, but she would see him later. At five, he was coming to get her. She would make sure not to make that mistake again. This time she would say it first.

Chapter 12
As five o’clock rolled around, Lisa waited for Shawn. She watched the second hand on the clock. Four fifty-nine. He would be there in one minute. She couldn’t believe she was waiting like this. Her stomach tied in knots just thinking about going home with him. The seconds ticked like hours, and she glanced at the door. Why was she doing this? He would come. He said he’d come. Why was she now worried he had forgotten?
She hadn’t even been this nervous waiting for her first boyfriend to pick her up for a date. She had been nervous, sure, but not like this. Right now, she felt like she might break down and cry if he didn’t show up. The minute hand hit five. She looked at the door again. Maybe he was stuck in traffic? She didn’t have a car, but he did. Maybe he had taken longer moving his things than he had planned?
The knock on the glass startled her, and she looked at the clock. Two minutes after five.
She tried to walk to the door casually, but she felt like running. He was standing outside the door panting. Had he run all the way up the stairs? She opened the door.
“I’m so sorry. I couldn’t find anywhere to park, so I had to park my car in front of your house and run here. I’m really, really sorry,” Shawn held his sides and bent over.
She wasn’t being stupid. He was feeling the same way she was. What else could explain his silliness? He had run the five blocks from her house to the hospital. He must have made good time. Two minutes late was impressive.
“You could have just called,” Lisa teased.
“Shit! Why didn’t I think of that?” Shawn’s breathing slowed while they waited for the elevator.
She was distracting him enough that he didn’t think to call? This was great. It was much less embarrassing if he was experiencing this too.
“Oh, you forgot something this morning,” Lisa smiled at him deviously.
“What did I forget?” He looked at her, panicked.
“I love you too,” she smiled. She had waited all day to say it, and it came out even better than she hoped.
His panic left, and a smile took its place.
“I was wondering if you caught that. I didn’t want to sound clingy or something. I mean, we just met,” Shawn struggled to explain.
“I’ve known you for five years, Shawn. We didn’t just meet,” Lisa said condescendingly.
“Oh, yeah, right.” Shawn smirked deviously. “I thought my doctor had been replaced by a goddess. Hmm. You sure you’re the same woman?”
She had the sudden urge to slug his shoulder, either that or kiss him. Both were out of the question. Teasing would have to do.
“So you’re telling me that you’re the same, stick of a man, I’ve been treating for the last five years?” She looked at his body and realized, this wasn’t a joke. His recovery had picked up speed. He almost looked like one of the pictures she’d seen of him while he was playing high school football.
“I don’t know how it happened, but I’m grateful. I don’t feel tired anymore. I have so much energy now. This is really weird.” He stepped onto the elevator and held the door for her to get in.
She looked at him, and a wave of depression washed over her.
“I just realized that I’m still your doctor. We can’t keep doing this. One time, sure, that is a clinical trial. More than one is wrong,” Lisa looked at him, the pain in her chest felt awful.
“You’re fired,” Shawn smiled at her.
Lisa stared at him. Never had being fired felt so good. She really wanted to kiss him now, hug him, something. She forced herself back against the wall of the elevator.
“Did I do something?” his smile left.
“Yes, you did, and if you keep doing it, I might not be able to control myself.” Her face explained the rest.
“I came prepared,” he said. Then he reached into his pocket and pulled on a latex glove. He reached out, and she took his hand.
“People are going to look at us funny,” she half smiled at him, trying to judge his response.
“So? Maybe they’ll keep away from us then. I, for one, would be glad if women stopped coming up to me professing their undying love.” He led her off the elevator and looked around the lobby. “Besides who cares? I’m actually holding your hand. We’ll figure out things like this as we go along.”
They walked to Lisa’s house, talking about nothing important. It seemed to both of them like the other was avoiding the subject of what to do when they got there. When Lisa unlocked the door, and they were both inside, she stared at the boxes in her living room.
“I wasn’t sure where to put my stuff,” Shawn explained, a little uneasy that he had left such a mess.
Lisa looked over the stuff and focused her attention on one box. On the side of it, there was one word. ‘Supplies’ She walked over casually and opened it. Inside she was greeted by boxes of gloves, some scented lubricants and a soft sweater she had picked out for him.
Shawn forgot he had been so worried about the boxes when he looked into her eyes. She didn’t care about the mess. Something else was on her mind.
“Shall we try it out?” she asked shyly.
“I was just waiting for you to say something,” he replied and pulled his shirt off.
Lisa shut all the curtains in the living room, and double checked the locks on the door. She stood at the bottom of the stairs and watched him getting ready.
“Be right back,” she snickered and bounded up the steps.
In a few moments, she came back down with her robe on. She held it tightly to her chest, so nothing was visible and stood in the doorway to the living room. Shawn sat on the couch, looking ridiculous and cute. He had on the brown, fuzzy sweater, sweat pants and had taped latex gloves to his sleeves to be sure they didn’t slip. He was pulling on velvet gloves over top of them, and she let out a gasp as she thought of how it would feel.
Shawn noticed her in the doorway and looked at her longingly.
Lisa let the robe drop and stood in the doorway, completely naked. She walked slowly toward him. When she reached the couch, she sat beside him. Shawn started by caressing her thigh as his gloved hand made its way up to her stomach. He was enjoying this almost as much as she was. He was in no hurry. She stared into his eyes until his hand found its way to her breast, then she closed her eyes, threw her head back and gasped.
He got down on his knees in front of her, and she spread her legs. He lifted himself up near her but was careful not to get his face too close. It was the only skin exposed, as long as he kept his face from touching her, it would be fine. He brushed the back of his hand across her cheek while the other went up the middle of her chest. She squirmed, and he knew she wanted it to move faster. He pulled off the felt gloves and put one hand behind her ear while he pinched her nipple lightly.
“It’s easier if you sit in front of me again,” he said softly. She started to get up and realized the glove had caught behind her earring.
“Wait, you’re stuck,” she said, but it was too late.
He pulled his hand from her ear, but the glove didn’t come with it. It tore right down the middle, and he caressed her face with bare skin. They both sat there staring, not moving, for what seemed like minutes.
“I don’t feel anything,” Shawn finally muttered. “I mean, I feel something, but you know what I mean.”
Lisa reached out and put her hand on his face.
“This feels different,” she said curiously. Her hand tingled where it touched his skin, as did her face where he touched hers. It was nothing like when she had touched people before. It felt amazing. “Do you feel weak?” she asked.
“No,” Shawn pulled himself away from her and smiled. “I feel stronger.” He pulled the sweater over his head.
Lisa grinned and sat up, inches from his bare skin.
“If we’re going to die…” she started.
“Let’s make it worth it,” he finished.
Shawn grabbed her face and kissed her like he dreamt about. She kissed him back with every ounce of herself. He found her to be a better kisser than he could have possibly imagined. It was like she knew exactly what he expected and what he wanted. She drug her fingernails across his back, then broke the kiss to help him remove his pants. He stood up quickly once he realized what she was doing, and they were off in a few seconds.
She grabbed his manhood and looked up at him deviously.
“Don’t you think about it,” he scolded. “I haven’t had sex in years. It would last about five seconds.”
She stuck out her bottom lip and pouted.
“Later?” she asked.
“You better believe it,” Shawn smirked.
Shawn pushed her back on the couch, and she didn’t resist. His lips found her breasts quickly, and his tongue circled one while she gasped. His hands moved over her body greedily, wanting to touch every part of her. She ran her fingers through his hair then scratched her nails against his back again. This sent him over the edge, he needed her now. He scooted her hips to the edge of the couch and eased himself inside of her.
“Oh shit!” She screamed.
“Are you ok?” Shawn asked.
“It never felt like this before!” she panted. She held onto him tightly and giggled.
“I know exactly what you mean.” He thought it would be impolite to compare sexual encounters at a time like this, but he had never experienced anything quite like this. If it had felt this good before would he have been able to quit having sex? The answer was no.
“Go slow. Neither of us is going to last very long,” she breathed heavily and looked at the ceiling. She was already feeling the heat surging through her. It shouldn’t have been this fast. She hadn’t had sex in a long time, but this fast?
Shawn went slowly and heard her breath quicken. Her sighs got higher in pitch and volume. He felt like the pressure inside him was going to make his whole body explode, but he needed to hang on for her. She felt light headed and held onto his shoulders for fear she might fall. Shawn picked up the pace, and she smiled. Somehow he had sensed her desire, or maybe he just wanted to. Either way, she cried out as reward for his efforts.
She heard the noises around her like she was underwater. Shawn’s breath, her own high pitched moans, it all seemed surreal. She was almost there. He picked up the pace again, and she knew he was also close.
“Shawn,” her breathy voice sounded like pure pleasure to him.
“I can’t hold on anymore,” he replied.
“Don’t,” she instructed.
She couldn’t help biting into his shoulder as the blinding light filled her. She screamed in pleasure, but it was muffled by his skin. All her muscles involuntarily shook as she held on with all she had. Shawn threw his head back, and every muscle in his body clenched. He couldn’t move, but he didn’t want to. This was more intense than he ever could have imagined. He felt dizzy and lost in the pleasure.
As the ecstasy subsided, he put his arms around her tenderly and eased her back onto the couch.
“Lay beside me,” she demanded, and he was more than happy to comply. She laid herself on the couch and watched as Shawn easily lept over her.
Shawn scooted in behind her and put his arms around her chest. She held on to his arms like she wanted to make sure he wasn’t going anywhere. They laid there for several minutes before either of them spoke.
“I never expected that.” Lisa was the first to say something.
“Not like that,” Shawn agreed.
“I was just thinking,” Lisa smiled.
“What were you thinking?” Shawn asked. He could hear the smile in her voice and smiled as well.
“Maybe it was a fluke. We should try it again…just to make sure,” Lisa grinned and kissed his arm.
“You make a very good point, Dr. Lisa. We need a lot more data before we can come to any conclusions,” Shawn teased.
She could feel his excitement returning behind her.
“How about a bed this time?” she asked.
“How about a shower?” he asked in reply.
She sat up and grabbed her robe before walking up the stairs. He watched her with amazement then, when she was on the top step, she stopped.
“I thought you wanted a shower?” She looked at him deviously then disappeared around the corner. He jumped up and chased her upstairs.

Chapter 13
In the morning, Shawn woke to an empty bed. Had she gotten up to eat? Maybe she was in the shower again. The memories of last night played out in his head. First, they had shared a shower then dried off and spent the next few hours in bed, pleasuring each other. The sensations didn’t lessen. In fact, the feelings seemed to get more intense the longer they touched each other.
He forced himself to get out of bed. Thinking about Lisa was not even close to being near her. Why settle for memories when he could have the real thing? He dressed himself and noticed that nothing in the room seemed to have been moved? Her room was spotless except for his clothes, two towels, and her robe. Wouldn’t Lisa have picked up her robe? Put away the towels? Maybe she was just excited. He thought he smelled eggs cooking. Maybe she was making breakfast for them?
Shawn walked down the steps slowly after he didn’t hear the shower going. The smell of cooking eggs was stronger now. She was making breakfast for them. He didn’t hear any sound coming from the kitchen though. He walked through the living room and smiled at the box marked ‘supplies’ then turned to the kitchen. He felt as though the world fell out from under him. Standing in the doorway to the kitchen was a man he’d never seen before, but he was sure it was his father. The man’s boney face and horns told him that he was a demon. His fangs and golden eyes caused fear to freeze him where he stood.
His clawed hands held Lisa tightly. One hand on her throat and one over her mouth. Her eyes were wide with terror.
“Hello, son,” the man hissed.
Shawn couldn’t speak.
“Happy to see me?” Malphas teased.
“Let her go!” Shawn forced the words out. They sounded confident, but he felt anything but sure of himself.
“Why would I do that?” the demon hissed and kissed her on the cheek. “She’s so tasty.”
Shawn rushed at his father, and Malphas backhanded him. The force threw Shawn into the nearest wall, and he collapsed on the floor.
“Don’t do that again. She will remain alive until you bring me what I want.” Malphas picked Lisa up by her throat, and she struggled to breathe.
“Don’t hurt her. Just tell me what you want.” Shawn wearily stood, using the wall to support himself.
“Bring me the one who told you about me. I can’t have someone out there knowing who I am. I’ll trade you for this one.” Malphas looked at Lisa like she was nothing more than a pet. He lowered her so her feet could touch the ground. “Why would you wish to be so weak? This one weakens you. She is draining your power. Why would you want this?”
“Because she makes me happy.” Shawn walked closer to his father, his face was determined, but his body was shaking with fear.
“Happiness, love. These things are fleeting and meaningless. Power is all that matters.” Malphas looked at Lisa again. “You wish to weaken my son. Tell the truth. You steal his power to keep him docile. ADMIT IT!” He shook Lisa, and she gripped his hands tightly to keep him from breaking her neck.
“Stop!” Shawn yelled and took another step closer. “If you harm her I’ll kill myself. What then?” Shawn didn’t know where this new courage was coming from. Was it seeing Lisa in danger? Somehow she was more important than the fear. He would die for her if that’s what it took to keep her safe.
“Impressive.” Malphas quit shaking her and looked at his son again. “If she means that much to you, maybe we can keep her around. Female demons can be very…entertaining, when the mood strikes me. Much more durable than humans.”
“If you want my help, you won’t lay a finger on her.” Shawn took another step closer. He could almost reach out and touch them now, but that wouldn’t accomplish anything. He just needed to show his father he was serious.
“It wasn’t a finger I was going to use,” Malphas looked at Lisa lustfully. “But I get your point. Bring me the one who told you about me, and I’ll give her back. You can be weak with her. I just want the traitor. I’ll contact you in a week. Until then, I will try to find out why you find this one so compelling.”
“Leave Lisa with me. You can come take her any time you want. What harm does it do?” Shawn pleaded.
Malphas laughed evilly. Lisa cringed at the sound of the demonic laughter.
“What you lack in power, you make up for in your deceptive ways. If I didn’t know any better, I’d say you were a woman.” Malphas smirked then he was gone.
Shawn stood there, not moving, staring at the place where Lisa had been only seconds ago. He needed to get Samantha, but he wasn’t about to trade her for Lisa. Samantha knew things. She could help him. No, a trade would only delay the inevitable. Shawn needed to kill his father before he killed Lisa.
Shawn hit the wall and dented it then grabbed his hand in pain. He was not strong enough to take on his father. He could barely dent the wall. He needed Samantha. He grabbed his shoes and coat, then headed out the door.

Chapter 14
Shawn rushed into Samantha’s office. He was out of breath and held his sides at the doorway. She looked at him curiously then when he stood up straight, she realized something was wrong.
“What is it?” she asked frantically, standing up.
“He took Lisa,” Shawn said between breaths.
“You had sex, didn’t you?” Samantha asked angrily. Was she angry because they had sex?
“It was an accident,” Shawn explained, still confused by her reaction. How did she know? And why was she angry about it?
“Damn it, Shawn. It wasn’t an accident. You don’t accidentally have sex!” She looked furious. She stomped to the front of the desk and plopped herself on the edge.
“I mean the reason we had sex was an accident. My glove tore, and I touched her skin. I…we couldn’t help ourselves.” Shawn explained. Why was he feeling guilty for this? What was Samantha hiding?
Samantha’s harsh expression softened then a smile took its place.
“Of course, you couldn’t. I’m sorry. I just hoped you could hold off until he was dealt with. This isn’t your fault.” Samantha looked at him compassionately. “I mean, how could you resist her? My daughter is beautiful, funny, and smart. She’s everything you wanted for so long. I don’t blame you. It’s just bad timing.”
“Your daughter?” Shawn was now even more confused.
Samantha’s face hardened. The bones under her skin took on new depth, and small horns came out of her head. Her eyes turned the same yellow color as Malphas’s, and her fangs looked just as deadly.
“I’m a demon, and so is my daughter. It’s why you can touch her.” Samantha quickly hid her demon side, and Shawn walked over to the couch and let himself fall backward.
“What the hell is going on?!” Shawn grasped for some semblance of sanity.
“Don’t worry. Just let me explain. He won’t hurt her unless you are there to watch,” Samantha comforted.
“Is that supposed to make me feel better?” Shawn leaned back and stared at the ceiling as if this might help his confusion. This was all so crazy. He felt like the rules of the world had changed, and he had no idea what these new rules were.
“It should. You have more power over him than you think.” Samantha sat beside him on the couch.
“No touching remember?” He looked at her fearfully. What would happen if she touched him?
Samantha put her hand on his arm and patted it lovingly.
“You’re in love with her. Nothing will happen now.” Samantha kissed him on the forehead. “You’ll be my son-in-law soon. You won’t have feelings for me now.”
Shawn looked at her as he thought about what she’d said. She was right. He felt nothing for her, nothing sexual anyway. It was like his own mother was touching his arm and kissing his forehead. It felt kind and comforting. Even looking at her brought no desire.
“Demon rules are strange.” She looked at him, then stood up. She walked back to her desk and sat on the front of it. “You and Lisa are both demons. Half-demon, to be more precise. You are a hybrid, half human and half demon, but you keep your human soul. That is what is so important about you. Demons can only have so many children, and Malphas fathered four before you. You are one of his last chances. Maybe even the last. There is no set number, but each failure brings him that much closer to never getting what he wants.”
Shawn’s mind swam with emotions, thoughts, and general confusion. What the hell was going on? A week ago he was a man with a strange illness. Now he was a pawn in a demon’s game. He was a demon himself, and so was his girlfriend.
“What does he want?” This seemed like the most important question. If he could figure out what his father really wanted, he could save Lisa.
“Lisa was supposed to be here for this, but I’m sure we can bring her up to speed when she is safe.” Samantha started. Her confidence brought him some peace. She was sure Lisa would be brought back safely. “Lisa is a succubus, and you an incubus. You give off pheromones that attract your prey, then you absorb their life force. A succubus does something similar. Her touch drains the life force of others. A succubus is much quicker and doesn’t need the lure of the pheromones like the incubus does. They both end the same way. The human dies.”
Samantha looked at him, compassionately then continued. He still looked just as lost and confused, but he was taking it all in, and that was what mattered.
“Your father wants you to kill humans for him. He can’t have you falling in love.” Samantha smirked at him, then continued. “When a succubus and an incubus touch, something very different happens. Think of yourselves as magnets. Each with an opposite polarity. You cling to each other, not harming either of you. You feed her, she feeds you. It’s harmony. Your symptoms, the ones you attribute to your disease, they cease to occur. A succubus is meant to find her incubus and vice versa. You have found yours. I won’t let my daughter die when she is so close to what she has always wanted.” Samantha crossed her arms and looked worried.
“You have a plan?” Shawn asked. He was hopeful. This woman, this demon woman, seemed to know what she was talking about.
“I have some friends that can help. Not so much friends as much as unwilling allies. They are Asuune. Remember that word. Never, I mean never, cross an Asuune.” Samantha looked at him sternly.
“What’s an Asuune,” Shawn asked.
“You are half demon. Asuune are half angel. Believe me, some of the Asuune make your father look like a puppy nipping at your heels. They have their weaknesses, as do all of us, but Asuune are more powerful.” Samantha reached over and grabbed her cellphone. She hit the speed dial for Agnus again.
Shawn waited patiently, going over everything Samantha had said.
“Dr. Agnus Sherman please,” she said before the receptionist could finish.
“Dr. Sherman is still not back. Is this Dr. Lujuria?” the receptionist asked.
“Yes,” she replied.
“Dr. Sherman left you a message.” The receptionist waited.
“Go ahead,” Samantha directed.
“Working on your request. Should be ready when you arrive.” The receptionist said.
“Thank you.” Samantha hung up the phone. She turned to Shawn. “Well, I guess plan B.”
Samantha hit the speed dial for Kelly.
“Hello?” Hailey answered.
“Can you and Kelly come meet me at my office? I think I know how to get Malphas.” Samantha said calmly.
“Be there in twenty minutes.” Hailey hung up the phone, and Samantha put hers back on the table.
“What is plan B?” Shawn asked.
“When the two Asuune get here I’ll introduce you. Then we will make a plan to save Lisa and kill your father.” Samantha smiled at him.
“What was plan A? If you don’t mind me asking.” Shawn waited patiently.
“Plan A was to have my friend convince my strongest daughter to kill him, but that seems unlikely. I can’t get Dr. Sherman to take my calls. Something serious must be going on with them.”  Samantha picked up a book from her table.
“Your daughter is strong?” Shawn asked. He wanted to know everything that was going on. This world had more secrets than he ever imagined. What else was hidden from humans?
Samantha smiled arrogantly.
“You have no idea.” Her face was full of pride as she handed Alex the book. “Read this while we wait. It was written by an acquaintance of mine. He wrote it about his mother, the strongest Asuune who ever lived. My daughter is in it too. This will help you understand about angels, Asuune, and vampires. Take it home with you. I’m sure Lisa will be interested in it as well.”
“This will help me understand what’s going on?” Shawn asked, staring at the cover.
“Not about demons. That you will have to learn about first hand. But you will know about Asuune, vampires, and angels. This will keep you from wanting to mess with them. They don’t like demons. Well, most of them don’t. I have a tenuous relationship with a few of them. The more open-minded ones.” Samantha walked back and sat in her chair while Shawn read some of the book.

Chapter 15
Kelly walked into Samantha’s office first, followed by Hailey. Shawn looked up from his book, then closed it and set it in his lap. Kelly smiled while Hailey looked away.
“You get to the good part yet?” Kelly asked, grinning from ear to ear.
“Umm, what good part?” Shawn asked. He assumed they were the Asuune Samantha had called.
“The part about her, obviously,” Kelly smiled at Hailey then turned back to Shawn. She held out her hand. “I’m Kelly, by the way.” Shawn sat up and shook her hand. “This is Hailey.” Kelly pointed to her wife, who still wouldn’t look at him.
“You’re in here? I’m only up to the part where Mark is getting out of prison.” Shawn said, somewhat amazed. He thought the book was fiction. The characters and situations all seemed so far out there.
“She’s not normally shy, she’s just embarrassed.” Kelly smiled at Shawn. If she was an Asuune, she sure didn’t have a problem with him being a half demon. Hailey smacked Kelly on the arm. “Really embarrassed.” Kelly shot a knowing glance at Shawn, but he hadn’t gotten to that part yet, so he was lost.
“Anyway,” Hailey interrupted.
“Yes, anyway,” Kelly turned to Samantha. “Where’s this demon?”
“I’m a demon,” Shawn said cringing.
“Not you, silly. Your dad,” Kelly smiled at him kindly. “We’re here to help you and Lisa.” Kelly seemed pleased about helping him, but Hailey didn’t. She kept giving Shawn dirty looks and scowling a lot.
“What about this one?” Hailey pointed at Samantha.
“She smells like evil, but it’s fading. She’s changed recently. She’s helping us catch Malphas. That alone says a lot,” Kelly replied.
“Yes, I have. I haven’t harmed a human in about, well,” Samantha thought about this for a while. “Actually it’s nice to not remember the last time. It must have been at least two hundred years ago.” Samantha smiled, happy with herself.
“Good, then let’s get started. How is this going to work?” Kelly sat beside Shawn, and Hailey followed her. She stood beside her wife and crossed her arms.
Samantha sat on the front of the desk.
“Malphas wants Shawn to kill a human.” Samantha motioned to Shawn.
“He also wants to trade you for Lisa. He said something about you being a traitor.” Shawn looked at her waiting for her to explain.
Samantha laughed, and her demonic voice slipped out.
“Sorry, but that’s just too perfect. I’d gladly trade places with my daughter. He is so predictable.” Samantha smiled at Shawn, and his tension eased. “So, that’s exactly what we are going to do.”
“What? He’ll kill you, and I’ll still lose Lisa.” Shawn’s tension returned. This was not a solution. He needed Samantha to make sure Lisa was safe.
“He can’t kill me,” Samantha laughed. “That’s the saddest part. As much as I’d love to die, especially to save my daughter, I can’t. It’s part of my punishment. I guess you could call it that.” She looked at everyone and realized she needed to explain as much as she dared with Kelly in the room.
“Fine, let me explain. I was once human. A very, very long time ago.” She knew this would crush Hailey’s superiority at being older, but it was unavoidable now. “I met an angel. He fell in love with me. He was amazing. We had many children, but I was…well, I was human. I was jealous and possessive. I did things I regret to this very day. After I became consumed with an evil of my own design, one of my daughters killed me. I thank the lord she did. Not for what came after, but for saving the world from what I’d become. I was a vampire.” Samantha looked around the room, and only Kelly seemed to have any idea what she was talking about.
“You’re?” Kelly couldn’t finish. It couldn’t be true, that would be impossible.
“Yes, dear. I’m Lilith, Ceralin’s mother.” Samantha gave everyone a moment to let this sink in, and now even Hailey understood. Shawn was still lost, but it wasn’t something Samantha could fix right now.
“I begged The Beast to allow me to fix what I had broken with my children. I had treated them horribly. Turned many into vampires, even Ceralin, my sweet baby girl. I was so full of remorse that I accepted his offer without considering the consequences. At the time, making it up to my children meant more to me than my own happiness.” Samantha shifted, and it was clear, talking about it was becoming uncomfortable.
“He tricked me. I can never get redemption because I can never die. When God finally finishes with this world, I will still be here, all alone. I can never be with the man I love. He is an angel, stuck in heaven. Even when he walked the earth, he despised me, and I deserved it. Samael blamed me for him being trapped on earth, and he was right. I was so selfish that I didn’t realize what I’d asked of him. I had the same relationship with my children, but now I have a chance to fix it, one child at a time.”
“I started a couple hundred years ago.” Samantha knew exactly how long it had been, but that piece of information might lead Kelly to come to conclusions Samantha wasn’t ready to deal with. “I had finally overcome the other punishment The Beast had burdened me with. I had to have sex or suffer unimaginable pain. I figured out a way to drain only a little energy from humans. I pick out straight women or gay men. People who wouldn’t possibly find me attractive unless I’m touching them. I drain enough to keep me going, then find another individual when I need more.”
She garnered a knowing smile from Shawn, he had seen it firsthand.
“I started searching for any of my children I could help. They were half angel and some of my newer children half demon. I have a lot of children. You see The Beast forced me to have sex because he made me a special kind of demon. The first he had ever made. I can have as many children as I like. He wanted me to flood the world with half-demons. At first, I took to this calling but that all stopped when I realized I wasn’t making them any happier than I had made my half-angel children. I was dooming my half-demon children to the horrible fate of feeding off humans for the rest of their lives, just like my own punishment. I was making the same mistakes and vowed to change.” Kelly, Hailey, and Shawn listened intently. Samantha’s story was engrossing.
“Now, I know you’re going to ask about Lisa. I said I had overcome my punishment, but I do slip once in a while. I’m not proud of it, but the pain can get very…persistent.” She looked at them all waiting for admonishment, but it didn’t come, so she decided to expand on it. “I didn’t kill Lisa’s father. When the pain gets too bad, I find someone who can handle me for one time. Usually a demon or an Asuune.” No one seemed to be upset by this or even question why she had to do it, so she returned to her explanation.
“My first attempt to help my children failed miserably. The son I tried to save hated me for what I’d made him. He killed himself when he realized he couldn’t kill me. From then on, I decided that dealing with my children directly was a mistake. I started doing things like I did with you, Shawn.” She motioned to him, and he wriggled in his seat. “I find someone to match with one of my children and make it possible for them to meet in a way that suits them. You thought you had a sickness. I found you a doctor. How perfect is that?” Samantha smiled, and Shawn’s face looked white. She had been planning this for over five years? The mysterious letter inviting him to Lisa’s office for testing was from her? No wonder Lisa was so surprised when he showed up at her door.
“You’re wondering why I didn’t do this sooner. I’m sure you are.” Samantha waited.
“Yes, all that anguish. What you put me through. No, what you put her through. It was torture.” Shawn was now angry, not for himself but for Lisa.
“Neither of you were ready. You need to understand that. I came the moment it became clear that she was in danger. Her abstinence caused her energy to build up and poison her mind. As soon as I caught a glimpse of the insanity, I put the final part into action. I would never harm her or wish her harm, but neither of you were ready. I had to make you ready, which I hoped would prepare her as well. I’d run out of time.” Samantha looked at Shawn, hoping to see some sign of forgiveness.
“So, all of this was for her?” Shawn felt a little better. He could forgive Samantha if she was trying to help Lisa in the end.
“Yes, and you. Who says I can’t help other demon children while helping my own. A partnership does require two, after all. And a demon will never be happy without a partner.” Samantha was quiet now. She had a lot more she could tell them, but this was enough for the purpose of killing Malphas.
Kelly put her arm around Shawn and hugged him. She was moved by Samantha’s story.
“You’re lucky, it would suck if we had to kill you. Samantha didn’t just save Lisa, she saved you as well.” Kelly smiled at him, was she teasing? It didn’t feel like teasing. Some part of Shawn knew, behind her upbeat tone, there was a horrible truth. If he had hurt humans, she would have killed him.
“How can you stand being so close to me?” Shawn asked and looked at both of the women beside him.
“You’re in love, silly,” Kelly laughed. “Demons are harmless when they are in love with another demon.”
“Oh,” Shawn replied. Was his torment over? Would women quit throwing themselves at him now? He desperately hoped that was the case. All he wanted was Lisa.
“Also, you’re not that cute,” Hailey said brusquely. Samantha laughed, and Shawn looked a little hurt, but then he smiled. It was actually comforting to hear those words. She wasn’t attracted to him at all.
“Well, what now? How do we find him?” Shawn asked.
“That will be the tricky part. We need to find him and make him believe you are trading me, but we can’t wait until he’s ready. The things he will do to Lisa will be horrible. Also, you need to make him believe you’re doing it out of fear. He’ll sense something is up if you aren’t afraid of him,” Samantha instructed.
“I can handle that. He’s terrifying.” Shawn hated to admit this fact, but he felt very comfortable and safe around Samantha. 
“Good, now to find him.” Samantha grabbed the pen beside her and started tapping it on her forehead.
“You’re not quite what I expected,” Kelly said, looking at Samantha. “I expected…I don’t know.”
“Evil,” Samantha finished. She bit the end of the pen and looked at Kelly.
“Yes, that’s exactly what I expected.” Kelly looked at her curiously. There was something else on Samantha’s mind. Something she wouldn’t talk about.
“A few hundred years ago you would have been right. One little girl changed my mind. My first unselfish act. I gave her away to save her from me. I couldn’t quit having children, The Beast made sure of that. He made it so I can’t abstain from sex for more than a few years, but I could give my children to families who would care for them.” Samantha looked like she was going to cry. She desperately wanted to say more, even Shawn could tell, but she remained silent.
“What happened to her? The one that changed your mind?” Kelly asked. She was sure there was more to this story.
“She grew up happy and healthy. Her birth father and adopted mother did a fabulous job with her. I made the right choice.” Samantha wiped a tear from her eye, and Kelly didn’t feel like pressing the issue. She knew there was more to it, but Samantha was getting very upset.
“Well then, let’s find out where he is hiding Lisa,” Kelly said and patted Shawn on the leg before standing up.
“Yeah, let’s kill this demon before he hurts anyone else,” Hailey agreed.
“Just make sure to wait until he has me, instead of her. Nothing happens to Lisa, understand?” Samantha looked sternly at Hailey.
“Yes, I would never harm her.” Hailey looked at Samantha compassionately now. She no longer saw the vile demon and instead saw a concerned mother. Samantha was nothing like she had assumed. Her struggle to remake herself into a better person was something Hailey could empathize with.

Chapter 16
Kelly crept along the rooftop in a rundown section of the town. She sniffed the air, she smelled sulfur but not the stench of death that accompanied this particular demon. There were demons near, but they were more than likely half demons like Shawn. She hoped they would have someone like Samantha to help them through their troubles. Samantha, Lilith, was not at all what Kelly expected. She sympathized with Samantha. Her own children had turned out perfectly, but her grandchildren were another matter. Her grandson John had turned Kathrine over to a Fallen Angel, Kelly and Hailey along with her. She agonized over killing her grandson. She had spent many nights wondering if she had done the right thing. Now she wasn’t so certain. He had, indeed, betrayed them but did he deserve to die for that? He was an addict who couldn’t refuse the blood. Then Kelly thought of Hailey.
Hailey had given up blood, gone cold turkey and nearly died doing it. If John had her wife’s willpower, maybe he would still be alive. This was the part that bothered her. What if she had helped John more? Samantha was a demon, a very compassionate demon. She had never realized demons could be anything but evil. Should she have given John another chance?
Kelly caught the scent of death and was drug from her memories. There was a demon, an evil demon, near her. She crept down the side of the abandoned building and watched a man walking along the empty road. The smell was coming from this man, but it wasn’t Malphas. He smelled more like a half demon. Either way, he was still guilty of killing humans, and recently, from the smell of him.
Kelly’s claws came out, and she charged the man. He noticed her coming as she reached him and didn’t seem to care. He took the full force of her body without trying to move, then flew backward and slid across the pavement.
“You killed a human, demon,” Kelly snarled. Her fangs had descended, and her eyes looked terrifying.
“I didn’t mean to. I’m not sure what happened. I was with my girlfriend, and…she just died. I didn’t mean to do it. I couldn’t help it. The hunger was so strong.” The man was crying. He seemed less afraid of her than he was of himself. “What’s happening to me?!”
“You killed a human, you need to die!” Hailey yelled as she ran up. Kelly just stared at the poor man. He was like John. He didn’t want to do it. He hated that he had done it, but he couldn’t stop. Hailey pulled back her sword to remove the demon’s head. He looked up at her and almost looked thankful. She swung, but Kelly caught the sword with her hand.
“He didn’t mean to. He’s not evil,” Kelly sounded depressed.
“Then what do we do with him?!” Hailey’s emotions were overwhelming her. She wanted to kill him. He had killed a woman, he needed to die. The only thing stopping her was the look on Kelly’s face.
“Just kill me. I deserve it. Amy was a sweet, kind woman. I loved her, and I killed her. Please, just kill me,” the man cried on his knees.
“Take him to Samantha. Maybe she can help him or find someone who can. He didn’t mean to do it.” Kelly’s voice sounded even more depressed now. She had made the wrong choice with John. She should have tried to help him.
Hailey grabbed the man and hit him on the head with the sword. He fell unconscious in her arms.
“I’ll be back. Don’t do anything stupid.” Hailey looked at her wife and wanted to ask her about the sadness, but realized. Kelly needed to deal with it before she could talk to anyone else about it, even her. Kelly would tell her when she was ready. They shared everything, when Kelly wanted to talk about it Hailey would be her first choice. “And please be careful.” Hailey’s words brought a sad smile to Kelly’s face.
“Please don’t hurt him. He didn’t mean to,” Kelly said kindly.
“I know. He had no choice. He probably didn’t even realize he was doing it until it was too late to stop. This is getting complicated. I’m glad you can smell the evil ones, or I’d just kill them all.” Hailey headed down the road with the man over her shoulder.
Something in Hailey’s words stuck with Kelly. Choice and evil. Those were the words she had used. John had a choice, and he chose evil. He could have said no. He had abstained from blood for a few weeks. He was not forced to do it. He was perfectly aware of what he was doing and chose to do it anyway. He was nothing like the man she had just saved. John would have chosen to betray them again and again. Her poor grandson had chosen, and the consequence for that choice was not her fault.
Hailey could even help her when she wasn’t trying to. That’s how wonderful her wife was. What would her life be like without this stunningly beautiful, Egyptian goddess? The same as before she had met Hailey, boring, and lonely. Kelly laughed. Life before Hailey had been monotonous, to say the least. Every day the same thing. Fight vampires, find evil, and kill it. This didn’t bring Kelly joy, it was just her job. Hailey had made her life happy. The world had color to her again. Everything was not just about fighting evil any longer.
Kelly stood there for a second appreciating her wife, then took off, back to the rooftops. She needed to return to her search. Lisa was out there somewhere, captured by Malphas. She needed to find them soon.
A few blocks later, the abandoned buildings and run down shops gave way to the clean, bustling city that was full of life. She caught the scent of death again but, unlike the man from the street, there was an evil quality to it. It was a disgusting odor that nearly made her cringe. The combination was strong, the owner of this scent not only wanted to kill, he enjoyed it.
She looked around the busy town. What now?! How would she find him?! There must have been thousands of people in this part of town. There were several apartment buildings that went up at least ten stories, some even higher. How would she climb these without being noticed? She couldn’t, that was the answer. She would have to do this the old fashioned way, the human way.
Kelly eased herself down to street level and walked up to the first apartment building. She pulled a badge out of her pocket. When she looked down at it, she felt the grief. It said Lyndsee Elisman, FBI. She had held onto this piece of Kathrine to remind her of her friend. It was an official badge, and if people didn’t look too closely, Kathrine looked a little like Kelly. Kelly laughed. No, she didn’t. People just didn’t pay attention. Kathrine was thinner in the face and looked a lot like her mother, Jennifer. Kelly’s cheeks looked full and cute. Sometimes she thought she looked like a little girl, at least until you stopped looking at her face. There was no mistaking the fact that Kelly was a woman when it came to her body. She wasn’t exactly full figured, but she wasn’t thin.
Kelly walked up to the desk clerk. It was getting later, so the clerk wasn’t really paying attention. She flashed her badge, and he glanced at it.
“Lyndsee Elisman, I’m undercover looking for a drug dealer who lives in this neighborhood. Mind if a check around the halls upstairs?” She asked.
“What if I’m his friend? Shouldn’t go around telling people you’re undercover.” The snot-nosed teenager was full of himself. Kelly decided to knock him down a peg.
“Fine, put your hands on the counter.” She pulled out handcuffs and a gun. She had come prepared. “Put these on.”
The kid’s eyes filled with terror. Had he not believed her? Or was he just being an annoying teenager?
“I’m sorry, officer.” The boy looked like he might wet his pants.
“It’s agent. And don’t do that again. Someone less patient might just run you in to be safe. Now, can I check the halls upstairs?” Kelly asked more sternly.
“Yes, agent. I’m sorry,” the kid sat down and watched her go to the stairs nervously. She turned around and gave him one more dirty look before she opened the door and headed up.
Poor kid. He hadn’t even realized the gun wasn’t loaded. Maybe that would keep him in line for a while. His mother and father would probably thank her if this kept him clean for another year or so. Snotty, know-it-all kids, were often the ones who turned to drugs or worse. Thinking they knew better than their parents. Her granddaughter had been like that.
Kelly thought about her granddaughter as she carefully sniffed the air in the stairwell. It was faint, but it smelled like the same evil.
She had straightened out her granddaughter, who was now married and had kids of her own. She couldn’t go see her anymore since Kelly hadn’t aged and her granddaughter had. She would let her granddaughter have her happiness. She kept a close eye on her to make sure no one shattered her happy life but kept her distance.
The smell grew stronger. Malphas was here somewhere. She went up another flight of steps, and the scent got stronger. On the next floor, she found where the stench was coming from. She could smell him through the door and something else. A human and a demon girl? She needed to get everyone here fast. Malphas was up to no good.
She quickly walked to the end of the hall, then dialed Hailey. She instructed her on where to go then waited patiently.

Chapter 17
Malphas paced in front of Lisa in the upscale hotel. It was spotless except for an unconscious human man on the floor. Lisa was tied to a chair and handcuffed. Her legs were chained, and she looked like she had been crying, a lot. Malphas didn’t bother to hide his true demon visage and hoped it might scare Lisa into following his demands, but so far it hadn’t worked.
Malphas picked up the man like a rag doll and set him on top of Lisa. She felt smothered by the weight of the large man pushing against her.
“Kiss him! Drain his life. You will see what you are giving up for my son. You don’t really love him that much do you? The power you could have.” Malphas paced furiously in front of her.
Lisa didn’t move.
“DO IT!” Malphas pushed her head forward until her lips were touching the man’s. Nothing happened. “You conniving bitch! Drain him!”
“I don’t know what you mean,” Lisa said meekly.
“Think about him. Don’t you want him? Doesn’t he drive you crazy with lust?” Malphas eyed her carefully.
“No, Shawn cured me. I don’t see the visions anymore.” Lisa turned her head away from the man and tried to hide her face. She was terrified.
“Cured you? That’s ridiculous. You re a succubus. There is no cure. It is just a matter of time before you return to your ways.” Malphas picked up the man and kissed him on the lips. The man groaned at first. Then his eyes shot open in panic. Lisa watched in horror as the man withered away to a dried out husk.
“Maybe I’ll try a woman next time. Do you like women more?” Malphas asked. “Maybe he wasn’t attractive enough? I don’t find men attractive, he was just a quick snack. Yes, that’s it. I’ll get a beautiful woman and an attractive man. You just need more stimulation.”
Malphas checked Lisa’s bindings one last time. The ropes were digging into her wrists, and the handcuffs were tight. He was satisfied, so he started pacing around the room, deep in thought.
“We have all week. I’ll find your trigger. I just need time. Then my son will lose all interest in you. You will see.” Malphas walked toward the door. He needed to find more attractive food, this succubus was picky. He turned back to her. “Maybe you can do it together. Maybe that’s the trigger. Maybe he won’t lose interest in you if you do it together. You just need to show him how. You can be with him forever. Draining humans will extend your life.” He was desperately grasping at straws. If he couldn’t force her to do it, maybe he could trick her into doing it to be with Shawn longer. “I’ll be back with more humans. You’ll see, it is the best for both of you.”
He heard a knock at the door as he was about to leave. He opened it, and Shawn stood in the doorway with Samantha, bound and gagged.
“Resourceful one aren’t you, boy. I didn’t think you had it in you.” Malphas was impressed with his son. “Come in. I was just getting a snack for Lisa. You can join her.”
Shawn walked in, pushing Samantha, who was pretending to struggle.
“Before I get us a snack, let’s deal with this traitor.” The demon grabbed Samantha by the hair and drug her to the middle of the room. Shawn let her go and rushed to Lisa. She was bound so well that he had no chance to free her. He could undo the ropes, but it would take time. Although this wouldn’t help much. She would still be handcuffed, and her legs were chained, but he didn’t know what else to do.
“And who might you be?” Malphas dropped Samantha on the floor and leaned down to look at her. He put his hand on her face and looked at her curiously. “You are a powerful succubus, but I don’t think I know you. Show me your true face.”
Samantha got up and stood in front of him. He waited patiently, concentrating on her face. Shawn tried to cut through the ropes with a pocket knife, but it was going slowly.
Malphas removed the gag from her mouth and stared at her intently.
“Show me your face, bitch,” Malphas commanded.
Samantha smiled at him deviously then her eyes turned yellow.
A look of revelation and fear came across his face.
“No, you can’t be…” Malphas turned and ran at the window. He smashed through it, and Shawn looked confused by what had just happened.
Samantha snapped her ropes, then helped Shawn free Lisa.
“What just happened?” Shawn asked.
Samantha ignored his question as she bent down to Lisa. She snapped the handcuffs and the chains, like they were made of paper.
“Hello, Lisa. Today has been a very stressful day for you. I’m sorry to say. It’s about to get worse.” Samantha looked at her with pity. She had to tell her the truth, Shawn knew and would tell her eventually.
“What do you mean?” Lisa scrambled. What could possibly be worse than this?
“I’m your mother, Lisa.” Samantha looked at her daughter with pity. “I know you will probably hate me, but I gave you up to keep you safe.”
“Safe from who?! Why would you do that?!” Lisa was angry.
“Safe from me, darling. I’ve made many mistakes in my life. Giving you away wasn’t one of them. Your adopted parents did well with you. My life is torture, not only for me, but for the ones around me. I spared you from that. I even helped you find Shawn. Please, know I only did what was best for you.” A tear fell from Samantha’s eye, and she looked on, waiting for her reprisal.
Lisa stared angrily at her for a moment, then her looked changed to curiosity.
“You’re a demon? Like Shawn and me?” Lisa asked.
“No, not like you and Shawn, but I am a demon,” Samantha answered.
“So, I’m cured because I love Shawn. Malphas said I broke Shawn and he broke me. Is that what he meant?” Lisa was taking this far too well. What had Malphas said to her?
“Actually, you’re very sharp. That is exactly why. But you’re not broken. You fixed each other.” Samantha stood back up.
“I’m not sure what to do with what I’m feeling. I’m angry and sad. I’m happy and frustrated. I’ve wondered who you were for so long. Why you gave me up. Knowing you did it to save me. What am I supposed to do with that?” Lisa looked lost. She looked at Shawn for help but found nothing that could ease her mind. This had nothing to do with Shawn. What she had with him was wonderful, and it made her happy, but what she felt about Samantha was completely separate.
“I don’t know, darling. I’m just glad you are safe and with Shawn. I’ll leave my number and when you figure out what to do with your feelings, call me. I don’t care if you call to yell at me. You do what you need to do. I’ll do whatever will help you, but I won’t force it. You take the time and space you need to figure it out. Let Shawn help you with it. His father is a murderous demon who will be dead by the end of the night. Help each other come to grips with your new realities. I’ll be ready for whatever you need.” Samantha handed Shawn a card, she wasn’t quite sure Lisa would accept it, then she headed out the door. Malphas needed to be stopped tonight.
Lisa threw her arms around Shawn and kissed him on the cheek.
“Thank you,” Lisa sighed.
“Most of the thanks should go to your mother. She planned this all out. I’m not saying you should forgive her, just that you should give her some credit. She’s the reason we’re together in the first place. She sent my mom the invitation to meet you.” Shawn pulled back to look at Lisa.
“She did?” Lisa smiled a little.
“Yes, she had us matched up years ago. She was just waiting for the right time.” Shawn smiled back at her.
“So, she did all of this for us?” Lisa’s smile widened a little more.
“Actually, I get the idea that I was just lucky enough to be compatible. She did this for you.” Shawn looked at her intently, hoping he could brighten her mood a little.
“Really?” Lisa asked. Her smile got a little wider.
“She loves you very much. She did all of this to make you happy.” Shawn hugged her then helped her to her feet.
“I guess she can’t be all bad then. She picked you. Heck, she could have picked some old dude instead.” Lisa smirked at Shawn.
“Hey, now. I’m starting to feel like a piece of meat here,” Shawn teased.
“A very sexy piece of meat.” Lisa pulled Shawn’s face to hers and kissed him passionately. When she stopped, Shawn started walking to the door, pulling her along. He really wanted out of this apartment.
“As long as I’m sexy meat,” Shawn laughed. “I guess I can live with that.”

Chapter 18
Kelly stalked Malphas like a cat stalking a mouse. He was good but not as good as Kelly. Samantha had told her the demon would run as soon as he realized who she really was. Kelly wasn’t sure why Samantha had pulled her aside to tell her this in private, but she accepted it as protecting Shawn and Hailey. Neither Shawn nor Hailey stood a chance against Malphas but Kelly could, with the proper protection. She had on leather gloves that went way up her arms, nearly to her elbows. These, coupled with the long sleeve jacket, protected everything but her face from the demon’s touch. She could now fight him without risk of falling under his seductive spell as long as she kept him away from her face.
Malphas looked over his shoulder, and Kelly stooped down and froze. He was careful and cautious, but Kelly was a master. He had no idea he was being followed. He took off again, and Kelly carefully followed at a safe distance. Finally, he stopped at an abandoned building. He looked all around, then slipped inside. Kelly snuck to the window and peered inside. He seemed to be pacing around, terrified. Was Samantha that scary? She didn’t seem scary.
Kelly stood upright and walked to the door. She kicked it open, and Malphas jumped.
“It’s just you,” he sighed.
“Just me?” Kelly walked to the middle of the room, and Malphas grinned at her while looking at her gloves. Samantha must be more powerful than she thought.
Kelly threw a punch at him, and Malphas dodged it then caught her arm.
“You’ve made a mistake little girl. I have no time for these games tonight. I need to…” The window behind him smashed as Samantha pushed her way through it then stepped over the window sill. She didn’t look very terrifying to Kelly, but Malphas froze. 
“I’m sorry, Queen Lilith. I had no idea.” Malphas begged and released Kelly’s arm.
Kelly stepped away as Samantha’s face began to change. It looked scary but not terrifying. Her facial bones pushed out, and small horns sprouted from her head. She sneered at Malphas, her anger evident. Her body continued to transform, and she grew about two feet taller. The arms of her shirt tore, two buttons went flying as her torso expanded and her skirt was stretched to its limit as a true demon emerged from inside of her. Horrifying black claws came out of her fingers, and her fangs elongated, even more, then a horrid, spiked tongue flitted between them. Her horns grew to almost a foot long, and her eyes turned as black as a moonless night.
The voice that came from her sounded powerful and grated at the back of Kelly’s skull. It was almost torture to hear the demonic voice that came from her mouth. It produced the same effect as a screaming child, fingernails on a chalk board, or a crying baby. Kelly would do anything to make it stop. Kelly covered her ears but couldn’t stop watching.
“You hurt my little girl!” The demonic woman grabbed Malphas by his throat and lifted him off the ground to her face. His face started giving off a dark energy that flowed into her demonic, fanged mouth.
“I didn’t know,” he begged as his life drained into her.
Kelly pushed her hands harder over her ears as the demonic woman, who had once been Samantha, spoke again. She fell to her knees, trying to block it out.
“Give my regards to The Beast! More will be joining you soon enough!” The demonic thing laughed, and Kelly pushed harder on her ears and shut her eyes, begging for it to stop.
When the room was silent for a few moments, Kelly opened her eyes and saw Samantha standing in the middle of the room in front of a pile of dust. Her clothes were beaten and torn, but it was once again the kind woman Kelly had come to know.
“I’m sorry you had to see that,” Samantha apologized.
“Why didn’t you do that before? In the hotel.” Kelly looked bewildered. What had just happened?
“I didn’t want to frighten my little girl. You know about this world. She doesn’t.” Samantha looked at Kelly compassionately. “Your city is safe for now.”
“Thank you, Lilith.” Kelly stood up and looked at the woman in front of her.
“Call me, Samantha, please. That…thing…is Lilith.” Samantha looked disgusted by what she had become and started for the door.
“Thank you, Samantha.” Kelly walked behind her out the door.
“I’ll be heading to my next patient tomorrow. Go, be happy with Hailey. Be thankful for what you have. Never, ever take her for granted.” Samantha looked at her with tears in her eyes.
Kelly felt pity for this woman. She was saying so much more with her expression. Kelly knew the meaning behind the words. Samantha would never see her love, Samael, ever again, and it was her own fault. This enforced the urgency for Kelly to go find her wife.
“Good luck,” Kelly said and headed in the opposite direction, almost running.
Samantha stared at her and yelled down the street.
“Call me if you need any help. I’m here for you if you need me!” Samantha yelled, then turned toward her office.

Chapter 19
Samantha walked through the hospital halls on the fourth floor with purpose. It had been a week since saving Lisa and Shawn, and she had not heard a word from either of them. She felt a deep sadness, but it had gone as she’d expected. She had helped her daughter and saved her daughter’s love, but it would be quite a while before Lisa came to grips with being a demon. Let alone, being able to deal with her feelings about the mother that abandoned her.
The hospital hall in Patience Missouri looked the same as most of the hospitals she’d ever been to. Sure, the color scheme was different, and this hospital was larger than the one in Caveat, but this town was also larger. This one had green floors and white walls, but it was just color. The layout and the decorations were all too familiar. Maybe the nurse’s station was twenty feet from the elevator doors instead of ten feet, but it was still a nurse’s station. Samantha felt like she could navigate nearly any hospital blindfolded by now. If only Agnus had returned her calls, she wouldn’t have had to come here unannounced, but something was up with her friend. She was avoiding Samantha for some reason.
Samantha passed the nurse’s station without a second glance. The nurses didn’t bother to stop her because of the doctor’s coat and badge she wore. They simply nodded as she passed by. Three doors after the station she noticed a homeless man. His long, scraggly hair practically hid his face, as did his beard which hung to the middle of his chest. His clothes were torn and old. Surprisingly he didn’t smell or appear dirty. Samantha intentionally sniffed the air, he did smell after all, but not how Samantha had expected. She stopped frozen as the man walked by her. He politely nodded and gave her a kind smile as he passed.
She turned and watched the man as he made his way to the elevator then turned and picked up the pace to Agnus’s office. She pushed the door open without knocking. Agnus sat at a desk and looked up. She didn’t seem surprised by Samantha barging in, just curious.
“Was that?!” Samantha begged for Agnus to confirm her suspicions.
“Yes, he comes to hear about his grandchildren and son.” Agnus barely looked away from the paperwork in front of her.
“You’re his friend?” Samantha hadn’t lost the urgency, just the volume.
“I suppose you could say that. He knows I won’t tell anyone where to find him. When he comes here, he is prepared for people to recognize him, but he doesn’t want people dropping by his place. He has a lot on his mind.” Agnus replied, still not giving this conversation much of her attention.
“I was expecting something more…I don’t know…just more.” Samantha looked at Agnus, waiting for a physical response.
Agnus finally looked up, she looked annoyed.
“Do you really think Michael would go out and make himself rich? He shuns all thoughts of human comfort. He tries to stay out of human affairs. I wasn’t surprised one bit.” Agnus turned back to her paperwork.
Samantha realized Agnus was right. It was Michael, not her husband, Samael, and certainly not Lucifer. This was exactly what Michael would do. She let the conversation about Michael go and focused on the reason she was here.
“I’ve found her.” Samantha looked at Agnus, waiting for a response.
“And?” Agnus asked with distain, still not looking up from her paperwork. She flipped a few pages then looked at Samantha full of impatience. “You obviously think I should be excited by this. Who is she anyway?”
“Only the most difficult project I’ve had yet, and she’s in your hospital,” Samantha looked at Agnus. She was growing impatient. “You’d know if you ever bothered to return my calls. You owe me.”
Agnus dropped her disdainful glare and looked guilty.
“You’re right. I just don’t want you disrupting Kelly’s life.” Agnus looked at her. Samantha saw the fearful gaze and took pity on Agnus.
“I would never tell Kelly. I gave her to you because I was not a fit mother. I’m still not. I got to know Kelly these last few weeks. You did a wonderful job. She is probably the only child I haven’t hurt in some way.” Samantha paused, and it looked like tears were forming in her eyes. “Thank you, Sophia. She is beautiful and happy.”
Agnus struggled to hold back a smile. The smile of a mother who was proud of her daughter.
“You’re still her mother.” Agnus let her smile fill her face.
“No, you are her mother. I’m the woman who gave birth to her. I’m not here to diminish that. I just need your help, then I’ll be out of your hair and hers.” Samantha walked to the door.
“What do you need me to do?” Agnus asked as she stood up and followed Samantha.
“In your psych ward, you have a young girl. Cassandra Hylanthas.” Samantha noticed Agnus had stopped walking, so she turned to her.
“Cassandra? What do you want with the poor girl? She’s been through enough. She can barely speak. Is she?” Agnus waited. She was not about to get Cassandra involved in one of Samantha’s schemes. Everyone in the hospital knew about Cassandra. She had been brought in at the age of thirteen. At the time she had been violent and yelled things no one could make sense of. Now, at twenty years old, only a select few were even allowed in her room. Cassandra was easily set off, and no men were ever allowed in. Whatever had happened to her, it seemed to have been a man who had done it. Everyone assumed she had been kidnapped and sexually abused, but no one knew for sure because Cassandra either couldn’t or wouldn’t tell anyone.
“Yes, she’s a succubus, but there’s more to it than that.” Samantha started walking again, and when they were in the elevator, she spoke to Agnus again. “Her father was Asuune, and her mother was a demon.”
“She’s like Kelly?” Agnus asked.
“No, she’s nothing like Kelly. Kelly’s succubus gene was suppressed by the angel blood. Poor Cassandra’s was enhanced by it. She was a succubus at the age of thirteen. There’s more, but you need to see it for yourself. You wouldn’t believe me if I told you.” Samantha walked out the open elevator doors on floor five, the psych ward.
Agnus picked up the pace and stopped at the nurse’s station.
“The key to Cassandra’s room please,” Agnus asked the woman kindly.
The woman gave her a strange look, then looked at Samantha just as cautiously.
“Does Dr. Main know you are visiting her?” the woman asked, strangely protective of Cassandra. All the nurses on this floor were protective of Cassandra. They believed this poor girl had survived some horrible ordeal and couldn’t find her way back to reality. In fact, she had survived a horrible ordeal. But it wasn’t over, and they couldn’t even comprehend what was really wrong with her.
“This is Dr. Lujuria. She is a therapist from…” Agnus didn’t know where to say she was from. She looked at Samantha for help.
“I’ve studied all over the world. I wouldn’t say I have a country of residence at this point. I’ve just come from France. I heard about poor Cassandra and knew I could help her.” Samantha looked at the nurse compassionately, and the nurse’s tension eased. She turned and grabbed a keycard, then turned back and handed it to Agnus.
“I really hope you can help her,” the nurse said.
“Cassandra is exactly the type of patient I specialize in. I’m just sorry I didn’t hear about her sooner,” Samantha smiled at the nurse then headed down the hall to follow Agnus who had already walked away.
“You should have come sooner,” Agnus said angrily.
“You should have told me she was here. I’ve been looking for her for years,” Samantha rebutted.
“How was I to know she was a succubus?” Agnus argued.
“Have you ever touched her? Has anyone?” Samantha asked, her frustration growing to match Agnus’s.
“No, not since she was brought in. The men who touched her collapsed.” The look of realization on her face was unmistakable. “I’m so stupid sometimes!” Agnus looked at the door with the electronic lock. It had a keypad and slider for the keycard. Agnus put in the keycard and pushed in a series of numbers.
“It’s ok, Agnus. You weren’t looking for it. I’m here now.” Samantha walked in first.
The room was dim. The lights on the ceiling were protected by shatterproof glass and a thin mesh. There was a mattress on the floor in one corner and a toilet on the opposite wall. The room was barren other than these items. A small woman sat hunched in the other corner. She peered over her arms at them, full of fright.
Cassandra looked a mess. Her red hair was tangled and knotted, the self-inflicted scratches on her face hid her cute freckles, and her green eyes looked dim and lost. The girl was frail from refusing to eat, and her hospital dress was torn in several places.
“Cassandra?” Samantha took off her shoes, and Agnus quickly snatched them up. Samantha turned to Agnus. “It’s you and me in here. Do you really think we need to worry about her stabbing us with my heels?”
“Sorry, it’s a habit,” Agnus dropped the shoes. Samantha was right. Even if Cassandra stabbed them with the three-inch heels, all that would be damaged would be their clothes. An Asuune and a demon had nothing to fear from this poor girl.
Cassandra eyed them cautiously then lifted her mouth above her hands to speak.
“He wants my baby.” She looked at both of them, and her eyes darted around the room.
“I know he does,” Samantha replied softly. “He wants you too, doesn’t he?”
Agnus wasn’t sure what was going on. Was Cassandra not crazy? How had Samantha known the only words Cassandra would speak? She said them over and over again. If anyone tried to argue with her or comfort her by telling her it wasn’t true, she got violent.
“You understand?” Cassandra looked at Samantha, and tears welled up in her eyes.
“He wants you to have his baby, so he can take it from you,” Samantha inched closer. She could almost touch Cassandra.
“Why doesn’t anyone listen?” Cassandra still looked insane, but a strange calmness had come over her. Agnus had never seen Cassandra this calm. In the seven, almost eight years, she had been here no one could get her to say anything else, but ‘He wants my baby’. One minute with her and Samantha had her conversing.
“No one wants to believe it’s true, but I know the truth. He’s back, and he’s coming for you.” Samantha sat on her knees and opened her arms.
Cassandra shot up, and Agnus backed away instinctively. Cassandra slid her small arms under Samantha’s and clung to her as she eased herself down on Samantha’s lap. When she was settled, she nuzzled her face into Samantha’s chest.
Samantha brushed her hand across Cassandra’s face and rocked back and forth.
“Don’t worry, darling. I will do everything I can to keep him away from you,” Samantha hugged the small woman tightly as she rocked.
Tears streamed down Cassandra’s face.
“I don’t hear his voice now. Every day for seven years. Every second of every minute, of every hour, but not now.” Cassandra sounded almost lucid. She threw her arms around Samantha’s neck and hugged her. She cried on the kind woman’s shoulder and sobbed loudly. “He just won’t stop. Please help me. Please don’t leave me.”
Samantha looked at Agnus and saw the terror rising in her face.
“She means…” Agnus couldn’t think the name, much less speak it.
“Yes, Lucifer is back.” Samantha stood and carried the frail woman. She was not going to break contact with her for any reason. Not until the girl had enough strength. It wasn’t as good as an incubus, but Samantha was not a normal succubus. She knew how to control her energy. She could feed Cassandra enough to keep her lucid without causing herself too much pain.
All the nurses gasped as Samantha carried the frail woman to the elevator.
One of the nurses rushed up to them.
“What do we tell Dr. Main?” she asked frantically.
Cassandra lifted her head and looked at the woman who was startled at the comprehension in her eyes.
“Tell Dr. Main, thank you,” Cassandra said with a smile. “All of you tried so hard to help me.”
The nurses stood there, dumbfounded. None of them had ever heard Cassandra say anything resembling coherent thought.
On the elevator, Agnus couldn’t keep her questions to herself.
“How long has he been back?” Agnus asked.
“Almost eight years,” Samantha looked at Agnus as if she should have known the answer.
Agnus looked at the poor woman in Samantha’s arms.
“He assaulted her when he got back?” Agnus asked.
“Not physically, but yes,” Samantha replied.
“How are you going to stop him?” Agnus finally asked the question that was burning inside her.
“I’m not. I’m just going to find someone to fix Cassandra. I can’t stop Lucifer, but I can make it so she won’t have to have his child.” Samantha watched the numbers in the elevator go down while she waited for Agnus’s next question.
“But how is that going to help? He can still get her pregnant. He doesn’t need her permission. It will kill her.” Agnus didn’t understand how Samantha could help Cassandra.
“Cassandra is special. She’s probably the most special girl in the world right now. Ok, almost. There is one who is more special, but that isn’t important right now. Lucifer can’t find the other one, but he did find Cassandra.” Samantha watched the lobby light up and stepped off.
Agnus got off with her and walked toward the doors.
“How special?” Agnus asked with a whisper.
“She’s one-fourth angel, one-forth human and half demon. The power she could have makes me cringe. She will stop Lucifer from coming after her, not me. She just needs the right person to make her want to fight.” Samantha walked up to a parked car and put Cassandra in the passenger seat.
“Don’t leave me,” Cassandra begged. Samantha held on to her hand. “I can’t take the voices anymore.”
“I’m not going anywhere. I’m going to take you to a man that can help you.” Samantha smiled down at the frail woman.
“Who is the other one?” Agnus asked.
“I couldn’t tell you even if I knew. If I did, Lucifer would find out. He may have lost his ability to see the future, but he is still Lucifer.”
Agnus turned and walked away. Samantha was right. Anything Agnus found out, Lucifer would soon know.
“Agnus!” Samantha yelled as she went to the driver’s side, and Agnus turned to look. “This makes us even. I won’t bother you again.”
Agnus didn’t understand how it made them even. Samantha had given her a gift that had no equal, a child she could never have had on her own. All Agnus had given her in return was a broken woman. How did this help Samantha at all? Then she realized it was better if she didn’t know the answer. The less she knew about what was going on, the better off Cassandra would be. She nodded and smiled at the strange woman then went back to her office.
Once in her office, she sat in her chair and looked at the door to the closet impatiently.
“She’s gone,” Agnus smirked.
A beautiful redhead stepped out of the closet. She looked similar to Cassandra. Her red hair was fuller and wavier, but she didn’t have the obvious freckles. Her green eyes looked confident and very seductive. Even her body was similar but fuller. It was very feminine and curvy where Cassandra’s was frail and weak. Cassandra looked similar enough to Sarah that someone might have thought they were sisters, but they were not related at all.
“What makes Cassandra so special?” Agnus asked. It was safe to ask Sarah questions.
“It’s who her father is, was.” Sarah was holding back. She loved the production of it. It always annoyed Agnus how much Sarah had to dramatize everything.
“Oh, just tell me,” Agnus said, clearly annoyed.
“Even a man like Paul can have a moment of weakness. Kathrine had been dead for ten years, he was drunk and feeling very lonely.” Sarah smiled at Agnus knowingly.
Agnus’s mouth opened, and she looked at Sarah in disbelief.
“A demon named Ishtar took advantage of his weakness, and Cassandra was conceived. As you know, an Asuune can get a demon pregnant. How was Paul to know she was a demon?” Sarah sat on Agnus’s desk, something that clearly agitated her sister. Sometimes Agnus thought Sarah tried to annoy her just to see how much she could take.
Agnus closed her mouth and looked down.
“You need to tell Kelly. She deserves to know.” Agnus wasn’t happy about telling Kelly. What would Kelly think of her? Keeping this secret for so many years? She did, however, deserve to know that Sarah was her real sister.
“I’m not telling her. She is happy how she is.” Sarah looked at Agnus compassionately. “Besides, if she is going to hear it, it has to be from you. She loves you, Agnus. You are her mother.”
“I know. That’s exactly what Samantha said,” Agnus stated.
“I heard.” Sarah stood up and looked like she was considering a difficult problem. “Do you think Kathrine figured it out? I mean, she always called Kelly a blonde me.” Sarah started toward the door slowly.
“Actually, I wouldn’t put it past her, and you two do look a lot alike.” Agnus’s face brightened at the thought of how smart Kathrine had been. “She did always get that funny look in her eye when she said it.” Agnus laughed.
“Yeah, that sneaky…kind hearted…deceptive little…” Sarah trailed off, and sadness forced her smile away.
“Michael tells me they are very happy. She got what she always wanted. After Josh, of course,” Agnus consoled.
Sarah wiped a tear from her eye.
“I know, I just miss her.” Sarah forced a smile then left.
Something ate at Agnus. Sarah was right. It was her job to tell Kelly. She mustered her courage and picked up the phone, then put it back down. She needed to do this in person. She grabbed her purse and told the receptionist on the way out that she would be gone for a few days, then headed to Caveat to see her daughter.

Chapter 20
Agnus knocked on the door to Kelly’s house. It was a small house, just big enough for two. It wasn’t fancy nor expensive, but it was very comfortable. Kelly opened the door and joy spread across her face.
“Mom!” Kelly threw her arms around Agnus and squeezed her tightly.
“Hi, honey,” Agnus hugged her back.
“Is dad here?” Kelly looked out the door, but there was no one else. Her face fell then she looked at Agnus, and the joy returned.
“He’s busy helping Sarah. I’m going to pick him up, and we’ll stop by on our way back to Patience.” Agnus walked in and took off her coat.
Hailey walked out of the kitchen and smiled at Agnus.
“Good timing. I’m almost done with supper.” Hailey said then headed back into the kitchen.
“Do you have a minute, Hailey?” Agnus asked solemnly.
“Sure, got about ten minutes til I need to take it out,” Hailey replied then walked in and sat down on the couch. Kelly plopped down beside her wife and smiled at her mom.
“I need to tell Kelly something, and I want you to hear it. She will just tell you anyway, so I figured it’s best if you both hear it at the same time.” Agnus didn’t sit, she was very nervous.
“Out with it, mom. It can’t be that bad,” Kelly smiled and put her hand on Hailey’s leg. Hailey put her hand on top of Kelly’s and looked at Agnus with anticipation.
“I’ve been keeping a secret from you. It’s about your real mother.” Agnus wrung her hands and paced back and forth.
Kelly gave Hailey a knowing look and stood up. She walked over to her mother and put her hands on Agnus’s shoulders to stop her pacing.
“It’s ok mom. I already know.” Kelly looked at Agnus compassionately.
“How did you know?” Agnus asked in shock.
“Come on, mom. I’m Sarah’s sister. Did you think I wouldn’t figure it out?” Kelly smirked at her mother.
“Why didn’t you say something?” Agnus begged.
“I didn’t want you to be upset. It’s not a big deal.” Kelly pulled Agnus in and hugged her.
“I lied to you and your real mother is still alive. How is that not a big deal?” Agnus’s tears picked up, and Kelly’s shoulder started getting wet.
“You lied to protect my feelings, and you’re my real mother. It’s nice to finally meet her, but you’re still my mom.” Kelly pushed away from her mom and kissed her on the cheek.
“You are so kind and caring. How did I ever get so lucky?” Agnus pulled Kelly in and hugged her tightly.
“I learned it from you, mom,” Kelly grinned deviously then pushed herself back from her mother. “There’s no other secrets are there? You and dad aren’t going to come back and tell me he’s not my real dad, are you?” The grin on Kelly’s face grew, and Hailey covered her mouth to hide her smile.
Agnus rolled her eyes then smiled.
“You get that from your annoying sister,” Agnus laughed.
Hailey got up and started toward the kitchen to check on the food.
“Thank you, Hailey,” Agnus said, looking at her. Hailey lowered her head. Her guilt for the part she played in the death of Agnus’s son and first husband would never go away. She felt it every time Agnus was around, but it was getting easier to deal with.
“Why thank me?” Hailey asked.
“You gave Kelly something I never could.” Agnus walked over to Hailey, and she got nervous. Agnus hugged Hailey, and she froze. She wasn’t sure if she should hug her back. “She’s truly happy now. Thank you.”
Kelly smiled at the sight of her mother and wife, hugging. She never thought this day would come. Agnus had every right to hate Hailey, but she didn’t. Somehow her mother understood. Hailey had been afraid of her brother and simply made a mistake.
Agnus pushed herself away and grabbed her coat.
“Can’t you stay for supper?” Hailey asked. Now, she didn’t want Agnus to leave. For the first time, she felt comfortable around Agnus. They had always spoken nicely to each other, but there was always a hidden contempt in Agnus’s eyes. It just wasn’t there anymore. Hailey didn’t understand why or what had changed, but she honestly didn’t care. Sshe only knew she wanted Agnus to stay.
“I’m sorry. After I get your dad we’ll stop by.” Agnus looked at Kelly.
“And you’re going to stay for a whole day, right?” Kelly looked at her mom, deviously.
“That’s up to your father, but I think you can convince him.” Agnus headed for the door. “I’ll be back in a few days.”
“Love you, mom,” Kelly said as she put her arm around Hailey’s waist.
“Love you too. Both of you,” Agnus said as she looked at Hailey. Then she turned and walked out the door and headed to her car.
On the rooftop, a block away, Samantha stood watching Agnus leave. The building was ten stories high, but Cassandra could see Agnus. A man in a black trench coat with its hood up walked up beside her.
“You did well, Lilith,” he hissed as he removed his hood. “I didn’t think I could trust the queen of the demons, but you proved me wrong.”
“Never trust me, Lucifer,” Samantha growled.
Lucifer was tall and his face stoic. His long black hair and steel, grey, almost white, eyes made him look very menacing standing next to Samantha. He had a cruelness to his face that even gave her shivers sometimes.
“I’m not stupid,” Lucifer sneered at her. “I may be a demon now, but I’m not stupid.”
“Never forget. You can be outsmarted, and by an Asuune, no less,” Samantha laughed cruelly.
Lucifer grabbed her by the throat, full of anger.
“Don’t you dare speak of her! You knew her for a brief moment. I was with her for her entire life, watching over her. She was ten times the adversary you could ever be. You are not even worthy of speaking her name!”
“Kathrine did a number on you,” Samantha smirked, and Lucifer squeezed her throat harder. “Even you can’t kill me. Remember that.”
Something about the way he talked about Kathrine struck Samantha. Did Lucifer have a crush on her? Lucifer, the most evil being known to man, had a crush on a woman who had outsmarted him. Samantha smiled. He did have a weakness after all.
Lucifer released her.
“You are a confusing woman, Lilith.” Lucifer pulled up his hood, ready to leave.
“Make no mistake. Our goals align for now. When they do not, you’re on your own,” Samantha said then straightened her shirt and looked at him.
“Keep your eye on the prize, and this might not end so badly for you,” Lucifer said before he walked to the edge of the building. “There are worse fates than death.” Lucifer looked at her for a moment. This new look sent a shiver down Samantha’s spine. Then he smiled at her. “If you weren’t in love with my brother, you’d make the perfect wife.”
“In your dreams, betrayer,” Samantha shot back.
“Exactly.” Lucifer stepped off the building and shot to the ground. When he hit the sidewalk, his momentum just stopped. He dusted off his jacket, then walked away.
“If I thought you could love me back, I might consider it.” Samantha mused quietly to herself. 
Then Samantha turned from the ledge and walked back to the stairs. She didn’t have Lucifer’s powers. Leaping off the edge would only cause her great pain, despite her inability to die.
“Mother,” a voice shot out from a shadow near the door.
“Ceralin?” Samantha asked.
“Who else would it be?” Sarah stepped from the shadows. “And stop calling me Ceralin. It is an archaic name. My name is Sarah now.”
“I’m sorry, Sarah.” Samantha was clearly afraid. Then her fear broke for a moment. “You called me mother.”
Sarah shifted, and she looked uncomfortable.
“You’re success in helping them made me forget how angry I am with you. It won’t happen again, Lilith.” Sarah’s brow wrinkled at her frustration with herself.
“I understand,” Samantha said meekly. Despite this, Samantha was nearly ecstatic. Her baby girl was actually talking to her. It had taken years but, finally, her little Ceralin was talking to her. She had hurt Ceralin more than any of her other children. The things she had done to her sweet little girl were unimaginable.
“You’ve done well but don’t get cocky. He’s Lucifer. He will figure this out eventually. You’ve helped twelve of your children so far. We have more to go. This next one will be difficult, but it is very important that Cassandra be saved from him.” Sarah crossed her arms and stood away from the door frame.
“Yes, Sarah. Anything you ask. Please forgive me.” Samantha felt like getting on her hands and knees to beg but realized that Sarah wouldn’t accept this. What she had done would not be solved by simple groveling.
“I called you mother. That is a long way from calling you mom and an eternity from forgiveness.” Sarah stood with her arms crossed, and Samantha felt remorse.
“Who am I taking Cassandra to? Which of my sons can possibly save her from Lucifer?” Samantha was strong, smart, and very cunning, but in the presence of Sarah she felt like a small grain of sand under her daughter’s feet. Barely an annoyance that would be quickly forgotten.
“You’re not going to like this one, mother,” Sarah smirked. Samantha’s heart lept at the words. She had called her mother again. “You will need a disguise for this one. You are going to introduce her to Thomas.” Sarah’s devious grin turned sinister, and Samantha’s stomach fell.
“What?!” she asked fearfully.
Sarah just stared at her.
“I will take her to Thomas,” she said meekly. Her face filled with remorse again and Samantha walked through the door full of shame, with her head down.
Sarah sat there after Samantha had gone and looked at where Lucifer had stood. Then she walked to the edge of the roof and looked down.
“Your angelic frailties may have been cured by The Beast, but they were replaced by a very human one.” Sarah watched Lucifer round the corner two blocks away. She smiled deviously to herself. “Even you won’t see this one coming.”
Chapter 21
Thomas sat in the small tent and looked across to see his little sister, Ceralin, playing with her hair. She was so sweet and innocent at sixteen. He hoped he had made the right choice by running away from home with her. Their mother, Lilith, had grown maniacal recently. The human blood she consumed didn’t ease her heartache, it only worsened it. Samael, her husband, had left them. He had left all of them. He hated what his children had become and his wife, who was now the worst of them. Thomas and Ceralin were the only ones left who hadn’t drank the blood and turned into vile monsters. Thomas thought if he could steal Ceralin and make his way to Samael maybe his father would protect them from his mother’s madness.
Thomas had no idea where his father had gone, but that was the least of his worries. He had seen signs of his family in the small settlement they had passed through today. It seemed like they were splitting up and scouring the countryside for them. He doubted they were looking for him, but Ceralin was a different story. Ceralin had always been Lilith’s favorite. Her beautiful red hair and her innocent smile lit up even Lilith’s cruel face.
“Do you think Barthous noticed me?” Ceralin turned and asked her brother. She noticed the concern on his face, but in her innocence, she didn’t see the urgency it held.
“Ceralin, please. We can’t go back. If we don’t find father soon, we will be turned into monsters like Sariel and mother.” Thomas tried to convince her of the danger all around them, but his sweet little sister could only see the good in a situation. It was like she refused to believe evil had come to this world. She also didn’t see that their mother, Lilith, was the worst of this evil.
“Sariel isn’t so bad. He’s nice to me. Mom is just sad about dad leaving. She’ll get better.” She pulled the comb through her hair, and one of the teeth broke. “My comb broke.” She stuck out her bottom lip and looked at Thomas with doe eyes. He couldn’t help but smile at her.
“I’ll get you another one at the next settlement.” Thomas smiled at his kind little sister then walked out of the tent. The fire was dying down, and the air was cold tonight. “I’m getting firewood. Be back in a minute,” he told her then headed off into the trees, and Ceralin was left alone.
When Thomas returned a few minutes later, he heard someone moving around inside. Then Thomas realized that he was dreaming again. His fear rose, but the dream version of himself kept walking. He screamed at himself to stop. He didn’t want to see what was inside the tent, but the dream version of himself didn’t listen. Even knowing it was a dream couldn’t change what had actually happened that night. He was doomed to see the horrifying scene play out night after night. Nothing he did could stop the dream version of him from opening the tent.
Thomas opened the tent, and his eyes rushed to Sariel holding a young man. It was Barthous. He recognized the young man right away. Ceralin had flirted with him at the shop. Then his eyes scanned and found Lilith, his mother, holding Ceralin. Her hand was under her chin. Her fingers were forcing Ceralin’s mouth open.
“Thomas!” Ceralin screamed as Lilith lost her grip. She quickly regained it and pushed Ceralin’s mouth closer to the boy.
Thomas took a step closer, then stopped. Sariel pushed the boy closer to Ceralin and Lilith. Thomas saw the bite marks on Ceralin’s arms. It was bloody but already healed. Ceralin had ascended. She was now Asuune, like all the rest of them. Then Thomas realized what was going to happen next. He took a step toward his brother, but Sariel backhanded him. Thomas was already Asuune, so Sariel wasn’t much stronger than he was. He tried again then the look on his mother’s face stopped him. His mother’s cruel look haunted him to this very day. He saw the evil in her eyes. He couldn’t stop what was going to happen to Ceralin, Lilith wouldn’t allow it.
“You’re next,” she laughed. Lilith pulled out a small blade and cut Barthous’s throat. The blood trickled down, and she forced Ceralin’s mouth over it. She held her daughter’s mouth over the wound. Thomas ran out of the tent and into the forest.
He still remembered the sounds to this day. In his dream, they seemed louder than he remembered. Ceralin screaming in pain as her body absorbed the human blood then the low growl. Next came the grotesque sound as Ceralin sucked all the blood from the boy she had a crush on only minutes ago.
Thomas shot up in bed, not sure of where he was. He expected trees and empty land but was greeted by a dimly lit hotel room. Sweat covered his face and body. He had nearly soaked the bed in sweat. He turned to look down and saw the naked brunette beside him. She was no longer as beautiful to him as she had been only an hour ago. He had gotten his relief, and she had served her purpose.
Thomas eased his way out of bed and headed to the shower, not bothering to even cover his muscular body. This woman had already seen everything, what was the point? If she was still interested, he might give her an encore, but his interest in her had died. It would be for her benefit, not his.
He washed the stink of sex and the tortured sweat from his body as he thought of his sweet sister and how much he had let her down. He wept against the wall of the shower then shot upright quickly. It was too late for regrets. He had done what he had done. He was a coward and deserved the life he led. He never stayed in the same place for more than a month. Ceralin would never let him rest. He was quite rich from his dealings with stocks and bonds, so he didn’t have to worry about money, just running. A man who never died could make quite a fortune. Especially when he used his vast experience to tell just when a company was struggling and when a new company was about to shoot to the top. Staying one step ahead of Ceralin was his only real concern in life.
Thomas finished his shower and tossed the towel on the floor. He could feel her eyes on him as he dressed.
“So,” she started. Her seductive voice only annoyed him now. “How long are you going to be in town?” She rolled over and let the sheet fall from her body to entice him.
She was beautiful, physically, at least. Thomas couldn’t deny this. Her breasts were large, and her stomach flat. Her curves almost elicited a physical response, but he had been satisfied earlier. She was physically attractive, but he had no interest in sex now. He had felt the same thing with this woman as he had with the thousands he had shared a bed with over the millennia, absolutely nothing. He forced a smile at her then decided to let her down easy.
“I’m sorry, Chastity, but I leave in the morning.” Thomas tried to smile, but he thought it just came off as sad.
“My name is Charity,” she snapped and pulled the sheet up to cover herself.
“Right, sorry,” he smirked to himself. He knew very well what her name was. Calling a woman by another name was just the quickest way to cool the passion he saw in her eyes. He sometimes wished he could feel the passion with them, but no matter how much he wanted it, he felt absolutely nothing. He lived a doomed life, and he accepted it as such. He had betrayed his little sister, he deserved this.
Charity hastily pulled her dress over her head and threw her underwear into her purse angrily. She stomped by him and slid her shoes on. She hesitated for a moment and looked at him. He was very attractive. She would give him another chance.
“I’m going to head to the bar. Got a long flight tomorrow. He patted her on the shoulder and walked to the door. Take care, Chelsey,” he said as he opened the door.
He heard the loud huff behind him and knew his plan had worked. She would remember the sex and the passion, but she would not dwell on him. He would be remembered as the jerk that couldn’t remember her name but made her feel things she’d never be able to forget. His main consolation was that despite being unable to enjoy it himself, he had picked up quite a few tricks along the way. He had never heard a woman complain. In fact, they often begged for more.
Thomas walked to the elevator and took it down to the bar. He sat on a stool and waved his hand. The bartender didn’t waste a second. He had been there for a week now, the bartender knew he was a good tipper, so he knew exactly which drink he would order.
Thomas sipped on the whiskey and enjoyed the bitter taste. Sometimes he thought alcohol gave him more pleasure than women. Sure, he could have an orgasm. He wasn’t broken in that way. The physical pleasure was enjoyable at least, but it was just a way to keep his body from complaining. After all, he was stuck in a twenty-year-old body with the twenty-year-old hormones that went along with it. It was the emotion and the feelings he couldn’t experience. Even passion eluded him. All he felt was lust. The lust to feel the physical bond and achieve orgasm, nothing more.
A moderately attractive woman sat beside him and smiled. She had short blonde hair and thick glasses. Her makeup was a little too much, and for a moment he thought she was a hooker. He laughed to himself. He had no need for hookers. He had used them occasionally, but tonight his biological need had been more than satisfied by the attractive brunette. The one who was probably texting her best friend about what a jerk he was.
“Hello,” the woman said and held out her hand limply. Her nail polish was chipped and scratched. Her dress shirt was partially untucked, and her bright yellow jacket didn’t really match the deep red lipstick she wore. Even her skirt was stiff, and she reminded him of a school teacher. Now that he looked at her more closely. She wasn’t a hooker, at least not a very good one.
He took her hand and shook it.
“Hi,” he replied brusquely and concentrated on his drink.
“My name is Samantha,” she said, despite his indifference to her. “Take my card. I’m a therapist. If you need someone to talk to just let me know. I specialize in sexual disorders, but I’m licensed to do all kinds of therapy.”
Thomas looked at her strangely and took the card to avoid being rude. This woman wasn’t after his body. What harm could it do?
“I’m good,” he replied and put the card in his pocket.
“You just looked a little lost. If there’s anything you want to talk about, give me a call.” Samantha picked up her drink, and her lipstick smeared on the glass. Thomas noticed that one of her teeth now had lipstick on it, and he smiled at her.
“You’ve got something on your tooth.” Thomas laughed and motioned at his own tooth. She quickly grabbed a napkin and wiped off the lipstick on hers.
“Did I get it?” she asked, and he nodded.
“You have a good night, Samantha.” Thomas threw back his drink and tossed a generous tip on the bar, then headed back upstairs. What a strange woman, she looked kind but also out of place at this bar. She was not likely to pick up a man looking like that, but maybe she wasn’t after a man. Maybe she was just after new clients. He found himself thinking about her all the way to his floor. As he stepped off the elevator, a huge man rushed by him dragging a small redhead.
“Help me!” she cried. “He wants me to have his baby. Please help me!”
Thomas looked at her frantically. He could do something. He wasn’t weak. The large man wouldn’t even know what hit him. Thomas paced for a second and put a hand on his hip. His other hand found his forehead. Should he get involved? He threw caution to the wind and rushed up behind the enormous man. He pushed him, and the man turned and growled. Not a normal growl, more like an animal’s growl.
The man’s face grew more vicious, and he tossed the small girl to the side. Thomas wasn’t scared. He had met many Versi in his life. This one was just a little strange. He’d never heard of a bear Versi.
The giant man tried to punch him, but Thomas was quick. He’d always been quick. He had gotten away from Sariel and his mother because of his speed. The man tried to grab him next, and Thomas hit him square in the chest. The giant was thrown into the nearest door and crushed it on his way through. Thomas took one look at the limp man then turned to the girl.
“Please, help me. He’s after me. He wants me to have his baby.” Tears streamed down her face, and Thomas felt something. In all his time after betraying Ceralin, Thomas felt something! He felt pity. The resemblance to Ceralin was more than he could take. He snatched her up and ran to the elevator. He didn’t care about his things. He would buy new things, they were just things. This girl needed help. Someone was after her, and he would not let them get her. He would not let someone hurt her like his mother had hurt Ceralin.
Thomas rushed out to his rented car and took off. He had a lake house outside the city. No one would find her there. It was the offseason, and there would be nobody around to bother them. He figured he’d call the police then be off to his next temporary home in a day or so. Then he remembered that the man he had just assaulted was Versi. What were the cops going to do? He needed to have a better plan than leaving her with cops who had no idea what they were up against. He sped toward the house, wracking his brain for a solution that would help this poor girl who reminded him so much of his sweet Ceralin.
Back in the hotel, Charles got to his feet and laughed at Samantha’s outfit.
“You look like a hooker trying to be a school teacher,” the jovial giant bent over laughing at his own joke.
Samantha pulled off the blonde wig and looked at him crossly.
“How else was I supposed to keep my son from recognizing me?” she asked as she wiped some of the thick makeup off onto a towel.
“Is this as weird for you as it is for me?” Charles asked her more seriously.
“It’s certainly not what I expected after so long,” Samantha looked at him caringly. “I figured you’d be mad or something.”
“We have a daughter together. We can’t deny there was once something there.” Charles looked almost embarrassed.
“If only I could have loved you,” Samantha mused and brushed her hand on his cheek.
“I wanted to thank you for finding Agnus for me. What kind of woman finds her ex a wife?” The giant man looked down on the small woman with kindness.
“I didn’t love you, but I did care about you very much. You deserved to be happy. Also, Kelly needed a mom like her. It was purely selfish on my part,” Samantha lied. It had been her first unselfish act in her entire life. This one even embarrassed her.
Charles put his enormous hand on her small shoulder and laughed.
“Keep telling yourself that,” he said. “I better hurry up. I think Agnus is growing impatient.” He looked at his cell phone and noticed he had three missed calls and fourteen texts.
“You better go find her.” Samantha smiled and headed to the elevator. Her phone rang, and she picked it up quickly.
“Dr. Lujuria? Am I pronouncing that right?” Thomas asked.
“Yes, that was very good. What can I help you with?” Samantha replied, and a grin of self-satisfaction filled her face.
“I have a problem. Well, not me, but this woman I met. It’s hard to explain. Oh, and this is Thomas, the man you met at the bar.” He sounded frazzled and uncertain of himself. He didn’t sound at all like he had at the bar. He sounded like her son Thomas, not the uncaring man he had grown into.
“Well then, Thomas. Where can I meet you to discuss this?” Samantha grinned wider. Sarah’s plan had worked perfectly. She idolized her daughter’s mind. Sarah had known exactly what to do to hook Thomas. Now it was time for her part of the deception.
“I have a lake house. I’ll text you the address. How soon can you get here?” Thomas sounded panicked. She could hear Cassandra in the background moaning and sobbing. Cassandra’s part wasn’t an act. She felt bad for the poor girl, but this momentary relapse would be eased soon enough. Now if she could just get Thomas to touch her. Hold her hand, maybe more?
“I’ll be there as soon as I can,” Samantha reassured him and hung up. Her phone buzzed, and she looked at the address which she already knew. This had all been planned out by her amazing little girl. Sarah didn’t miss a single detail, and Thomas had no idea what he was in for. Sarah’s big brother was in for the ride of his life.

Chapter 22
Thomas’s lake house was, truthfully, more like a summer cabin. It was a modest one-story house with one bedroom. Of course, there was a small living room with a TV and a small kitchen but little else. The frail shivering woman hadn’t moved from the couch where he’d placed her hours ago. Where was Dr. Lujuria? Didn’t she understand the urgency? This poor woman was being hunted by someone. Someone that had Versi bodyguards or lackeys or something. He could take on one but the woman, whom hadn’t even given him her name, kept going on about how he wanted to steal her baby. Who was he? How many men did he have working for him?
He watched the frail thing rock herself back and forth on the couch. Her eyes constantly scanned the interior of the cabin. She had pulled her legs up and held her arms around them tightly. Like they would disappear if she didn’t hold on. What could possibly have frightened this poor, sweet girl this much?
The doorbell rang, and he quickly went to the door. On the other side was the short, ruffled, blonde woman he had met in the bar. He just didn’t know what else to do. He didn’t have any Asuune friends, and this girl clearly needed psychiatric help. Samantha seemed like the only choice available to him. He would keep the Versi part to himself and get this poor girl some help, then figure out what to do from there.
“Hello, Thomas,” Samantha said as she adjusted her glasses. “Where is this girl you spoke of?”
Thomas wasted no time. He grabbed Samantha’s arm and led her to the couch. He stood there beside Samantha and just stared while the frail little girl rocked back and forth.
“She keeps going on about how he is going to take her baby. Some huge guy was dragging her off when I found her.” Thomas pushed Samantha onto the couch beside the girl then paced in front of them waiting for the diagnosis.
Samantha carefully put her hand on Cassandra’s arm. Her eyes lost their confusion, and she looked up at Samantha.
“I know you, don’t I?” Cassandra asked almost half dazed.
Great, just what Samantha needed. Her original plan had just been destroyed by an innocent comment. She thought fast and came up with a new plan.
“I’ve been looking for you, dear. I knew they had stolen you again. I’m glad you were able to escape.” Samantha looked at Thomas. This new idea actually sounded better to her. “This is Cassandra. She is being hunted by a vicious man that wants her to have his baby. He has no shortage of money nor men willing to kill for him.” She scanned Thomas’s face looking for signs of outrage, but there was none. Thomas was willing to believe anything at this point. Sarah had found the perfect girl for him. He couldn’t take his eyes off of Cassandra.
“So, is he like a drug lord or something?” Thomas asked, still terrified for her.
“Something like that. A very bad man who wants to impregnate her. He doesn’t want her. He wants a child from her.” Samantha caressed Cassandra’s arm, and the girl slowed her rocking. She started to hum a pretty tune that Thomas thought sounded familiar, but he couldn’t quite place it.
“What do we do?” Thomas asked.
“Can you keep her here for a few days?” Samantha looked up at him.
“What?! I can’t care for her. She’s far too…fragile,” was the best word he could come up with.
“Yes, she is very fragile. It’s easy, though. I can show you how to care for her.” Samantha tried to stand up, and Cassandra grabbed her wrist.
“Please don’t leave me,” Cassandra begged. Her eyes were full of terror. Samantha’s heart went out to her. This was torture. She hoped Sarah was right. This poor thing didn’t deserve to suffer like this.
“I have to leave, dear. Thomas can take care of you. Just until I make the bad man stop looking for you.” Cassandra looked up at Thomas, who was now stuck. Why had he interfered? This poor little girl didn’t need him. She needed a shot of something to knock her out, that’s what she needed. Drugs, lots of drugs.
“I’ll be back tomorrow. Someone at the hospital must be working for him. That must be how they got her out. Please, Thomas. I wouldn’t ask, but this is the safest place for her right now.” Samantha stood, and Cassandra let her go this time.
Cassandra’s weak green eyes looked up at Thomas, and his resolve melted.
“Sure, for a few days. Just make it quick. I have places I need to be.” Thomas looked at the woman who reminded him of his little sister and felt pity. He couldn’t just let the ‘bad man’ get her, whoever he was.
“Caring for her is easy.” Samantha grabbed Thomas by the arm and sat him beside Cassandra. She grabbed his hand and placed it on Cassandra’s arm. The innocent, frail girl smiled at Thomas, and he again felt emotion. At first, he wasn’t sure what it was. It had been so long since he let himself feel anything. Then he recognized it. It was compassion. “Just hold her hand. Hug her. Anything where your skin touches hers. It is the only thing that calms her.”
“Umm,” Thomas wasn’t sure how to ask his next question. “What about sleeping?”
“You don’t have to worry about that. As she gets used to you and gets used to the home, she will calm down. She should be fine to sleep on your couch. Just make sure you get up often to check on her. If she wakes up alone, that might be a problem.” Samantha laughed. When Thomas looked away, she grinned deviously. Sarah was good, very good. Thomas didn’t stand a chance against Sarah. He was doing exactly what Sarah had predicted.
“Would it be safer if I just let her sleep in my bed? No funny stuff. I’ll just let her sleep there, beside me. So she’s not scared.” Thomas looked so worried that it almost caused her to tear up.
“Of course, that would be the best option. The more you are around her, the more coherent she will become. Just make sure to touch her often. I can’t stress this enough. She actually needs physical contact.” Samantha headed to the door.
“I understand. Let me know how things go,” Thomas said, not taking his eyes off the girl who was now smiling at him. He wasn’t sure he could handle this. He wasn’t trustworthy, but maybe he could overcome his cowardice for one day. Just long enough to help this one girl.
“Be safe, Cassandra. I’ll be back tomorrow afternoon.” Samantha paused at the door and smiled at them, then left.
Thomas reached over to grab the TV remote while trying to keep her hand in his, and almost tipped over. He released her hand momentarily, and she quickly grabbed his wrist.
“Please don’t leave me,” she begged. Her smile left, and fear filled her face once more.
“I’m not leaving you, Cassandra. I’m just getting the remote so we can watch TV until you’re tired.” Thomas explained and hit the button. The TV shot to life and Cassandra jumped. Thomas quickly turned down the volume and smiled as Cassandra eased back on the couch once more. She kept her eyes on the TV fearfully.
“Do you like any shows?” Thomas asked.
“I don’t get to watch TV,” she answered, still eyeing the TV like it was going to attack her.
“Oh,” Thomas sighed. Maybe the TV had been a bad idea. He shut it off, and Cassandra looked at him again. Her face lit up when she saw him. Thomas wasn’t sure what to do. They couldn’t very well spend hours staring at each other. They had nothing to talk about. He wasn’t used to talking to women.
“It’s very late. Are you tired?” Thomas asked.
“Yes,” Cassandra replied. She smiled strangely at him.
This confused woman saw him as a savior, but he wasn’t. He was not to be trusted. He felt guilty, but he knew that he would eventually betray this sweet girl. It was what he did. He always ran away when things got tough. This time would be no different. If he could just last long enough for Samantha to help her.
Thomas stood up slowly, careful not to release her hand. She looked at him with that worried look again. She was terrified of him leaving. Even he wouldn’t do that, not tonight at least.
“Follow me,” Thomas pulled her along slowly, and she followed him.
Cassandra’s eyes scoured the bare walls and looked on in amazement as Thomas led her to the dark bedroom. He watched the sweet girl and had yet another feeling. He wanted nothing more than to protect her from harm. She was so trusting, so innocent. How could anyone want to hurt her in any way? Then he remembered who he was. He wasn’t the saving kind. He was the running kind. He would leave her eventually.
“Here is where we will sleep,” he instructed, as he turned on the lights.
“I understand,” Cassandra said and tried to pull off her dress.
“Wait!” Thomas pulled the dress back down and put his hand on her cheek. “Leave your clothes on please.”
She looked at him puzzled, and he had no idea how to explain what was going on in his head. He struggled for a minute then came up with something that sounded good.
“We sleep with our clothes on here. Can you do that?” Thomas asked. He felt like he was coddling a small child even though she was clearly a woman. A very frail, malnourished woman, but still a woman.
“Yes,” she replied with a grin. Her face seemed to have more color than it had only moments ago, on the couch.
She walked over to the bed and laid down over the blankets, stiff as a board. Thomas saw the fear in her eyes then watched it spread to her face. She looked at him desperately, and he quickly rushed to the bed. Before he was completely in bed, she grabbed his hand and let out a sigh of relief.
“This is going to be a long few days,” Thomas sighed quietly. He struggled to take his shoes off without letting go of her hand then slid under the blankets. She saw what he was doing and followed his lead. He laid there for about ten minutes holding her hand, waiting for her to fall asleep but she didn’t even seem to blink.
“Are you ok?” Thomas asked.
“Yes,” she turned to him and smiled. “This feels nice.”
She was talking more clearly now, as well. Maybe his thoughts about the color in her face weren’t just his imagination. She seemed to be getting better the longer he held her hand. Perhaps when Samantha said she needed contact, she actually meant it. This poor thing actually needed to be touched.
“Can I go turn off the light real quick?” he asked.
“Yes, please,” she replied, then opened her hand.
She was coherent enough that she realized she would have to let go. There was something very strange about this woman. Thomas quickly turned off the lights and got under the covers again. She immediately found his hand and held on tightly. The few seconds away from him caused her fear to return. He felt her shaking a little as he held her hand.
Thomas laid on his side facing her, and she just stared at the ceiling. He wasn’t sure if he should fall asleep or wait for her. She didn’t really seem to be tired.
“You sure you’re tired?” he asked.
She smiled at him then turned away and pulled his arm with her as she rolled onto her side. Then she backed up against him. Thomas had the strangest sensation as she pushed her small body against his. He felt safe. Maybe he wasn’t the one helping her after all. He used his arm and squeezed her tightly, pulling her closer. This was something he hadn’t expected. This woman was strange and lost, but very comforting. Why would he feel so comfortable with her? He laid his head on the pillow, and in minutes he was fast asleep.

Chapter 23
Thomas woke as the sun came through the windows. He stretched and realized Cassandra was gone. He shot out of bed then rushed to the living room. She wasn’t there either. He glanced at the door, but it was still chained. She couldn’t have left through the door and been able to chain it. Then he heard the shower turn off. He rushed to the bathroom. What if she was trying to commit suicide? He would never forgive himself if she died in his house.
He threw open the bathroom door and stood in the doorway, looking at a beautiful, naked woman. He almost didn’t recognize her at first then she turned and smiled at him. Those gorgeous green eyes and the smile he had practically memorized told him this was indeed the same woman. Her body no longer looked like a little girl. She was definitely a woman. What had happened overnight? The stick of a woman had filled out to a voluptuous beauty. Her breasts were shapely and full. Her nipples were perk from the cold air that came rushing in when he opened the door. Her hips curved in a way that made him want to grab them and her stomach, how he wanted to trail his fingers across it and hear her sigh. Then he realized what he was doing. He was standing in his bathroom, staring at her naked body with his mouth wide open.
“Oh shit! I’m so sorry,” Thomas turned around quickly and covered his eyes. What was he thinking? He was supposed to protect her.
“It’s ok, Thomas. It’s your house, and I forgot to lock the door,” Cassandra said.
Even her voice sounded fuller and more confident. What the hell was going on? Didn’t she care that he had been staring at her naked body? Didn’t she realize what must have been going through his head? One look at his pants would have given away what his intensions were. Thomas felt horrible. How could he have these thoughts about her?!
Thomas walked out of the bathroom and shut the door. He paced for a minute, chastising himself for what he had been thinking. How could he even think about Cassandra like that?
“Let me know when you’re done. Do you want some breakfast?” Thomas didn’t know what to do. He couldn’t get the image of the stunning woman out of his head. He had just had sex last night. Surely, he shouldn’t need it again this soon and most definitely not with her. He thought of himself as a jerk but not a creep. He didn’t take advantage of women. He just used them for sex. Complicit and consenting women, he wasn’t sure Cassandra could be considered either.
“Actually…” she paused, and he waited. His heart was pounding, what the hell had happened while he slept. Then he realized that he didn’t have the nightmare. He had dreamt but not about Ceralin. He had dreamt about Cassandra. They had taken a road trip in a convertible. She looked happy, and her long red hair flew around her face as the wind caught it. She looked healthy, her face full of life. They were joking, and she laughed at him then…then…he couldn’t remember the rest! It was a total blank. What had they done? He just knew that the woman from his dreams was the same woman he had just been shamelessly staring at in the bathroom. How had he seen her like that in his dream? Then his thoughts were broken as she finished speaking. “I could use some clothes. If you don’t mind.”
He grabbed a pair of sweat pants and a tee shirt. It was the best he could do. Women never came to this house. He always had them in hotels. This was a place for him alone. He looked at the shirt and scowled. His chest wasn’t small, but it would be very tight on hers. She had filled out very well in the few hours they slept. He certainly didn’t want to end up staring at her chest all day, which is exactly where his eyes would fall if she wore this shirt. He grabbed an oversized shirt with long sleeves. It wasn’t perfect, but it might hide those amazing breasts he couldn’t quit visualizing. He opened the door a crack and handed her the clothes.
“Sorry, I don’t have much that would fit you. You’ll have to see what you can find after you try those on.” He thought he sounded stupid. Of course, she could find better clothes. She was a woman. Women had much better taste in clothing than men did. His clothes were functional. They covered his body. The only time he wore a suit was when he wanted to attract a specific kind of woman. The kind that wasn’t opposed to a quick fling in a hotel room. The rest of the time, he wanted to remain unseen.
Cassandra walked out of the bathroom and held out her arms.
“What do you think?” She asked. As she twirled, the sweat pants fell to her ankles, and Thomas was again confronted with the lower half of her body, naked and amazing. “Sorry.” She quickly bent over and grabbed the sweat pants. Thomas regretted not having the sense to turn around before she bent over. The vision of her bending over with nothing on her bottom half caused his discomfort to grow along with his self-loathing.
“I think you need a belt,” Thomas gulped.
Cassandra looked a little embarrassed as she looked up at him sideways. She looked like she was worried about his response yet somewhat teasing him at the same time.
“Sorry about that,” she winced.
“You sure seem different.” Thomas looked at her and could no longer contain his curiosity. How had she changed so much in such a short time? Just last night she had been a small thin girl he felt he needed to protect. Now all he could think about was how easily his clothes would slip off her voluptuous body.
“I feel different. Thank you.” Cassandra looked as confused as he was. She had no idea what had happened, either. She grabbed his hand, which made his pulse quicken then proceeded to pull him toward the kitchen. “I’m starving.”
Thomas looked at the small hand holding his. It no longer looked boney and frail, just small. A perfect little hand that belonged to a very beautiful woman. He watched her long red hair flow behind her and felt at ease. Holding her hand felt nice and comforting. Then he realized he was getting too comfortable being around her. He couldn’t start depending on her as much as she depended on him. He would be gone in a few days. He needed to keep his distance, but it was getting more difficult by the second. He was not good for her. He would betray her the same way he had betrayed his sister.
“Sorry, I just don’t want this to go away,” Cassandra looked down at his hand, and he realized what she meant.
“I don’t either,” Thomas felt guilty about the way he said it. Was he flirting with her? He hadn’t meant to, but he really didn’t want her to go away, not this version of her. This version was much more interesting. She had a personality and her smile, what he wouldn’t do for that smile. That mesmerizing smile which brought him more happiness than he ever remembered feeling.
“Good,” she was almost skipping as she made her way down the hall.
When she reached the kitchen, with him in tow, she searched through the cabinets and found tons of canned goods and dry food. He didn’t keep a lot that would spoil, he wasn’t here often. Most of the items required milk and eggs to really make them food. Unless you counted soup and beans.
“I really wanted some french toast.” Cassandra looked at him like a child. She pouted and stuck out her bottom lip as she turned to him. He felt his stomach tie in knots. Then he readjusted his thoughts. This was not a childish expression. How had the frail girl turned into this amazing woman? She looked like a woman trying to get her way. A young woman that knew her pouty look could melt the resolve of any man caught in her gaze, and he was not immune to it. As uncaring and standoffish as he had been only a day ago, that man had disappeared. This woman had pushed him away, and the one that replaced him was terrified. Terrified of letting this woman down, but he would. It was only a matter of time before the coward would resurface.
“I’ll run to the store and get some stuff,” he replied quickly. “Just let me find my shoes. I’ll be back in like, ten minutes?” He looked to her for approval. He had no idea where this was coming from, but he had no intension of disappointing this version of Cassandra. Even though he knew, deep down, he would eventually fail her, that day would not be today! For this brief moment, he wanted to be the man she deserved.
“Sounds good. I’ll see what else we have.” She looked into another cupboard and found some peas. The look on her face was pure disgust.
He was surprised at how cute she was, even when she was making such a sour face. What was happening to him?
“Eww,” she said. “I hate peas.”
Thomas grabbed his keys and headed to the door. As he reached it, she called to him.
“Thomas, can you get some whipped cream? I found cherry pie filling. That sounds delicious.” She licked her lips, and he almost lost his mind. What the hell was going on? Why could he not stop thinking about her that way?
“Whipped cream, coming right up.”
He shut the door and tore out of the driveway. He didn’t want to be gone for ten minutes, he didn’t want to be gone for ten seconds. He rushed down the road as quickly as he could and got a few bags of groceries before heading back. He had only been gone fifteen minutes, but it felt like centuries. The line had been longer than he expected because the place had been packed.
As he was about to turn off the road to his lake house, he was stopped by a long line of cars. A police officer walked up to his window and knocked. He rolled it down, and the man spoke.
“There’s a five-car pileup ahead. If you don’t need to use this road you might want to turn around.” The officer waited to gauge his response.
“I live on the lake. My house is lot twelve.” Thomas could feel his stomach falling.
“Oh, man. I’m sorry. You are going to have an hour-long wait at least.” The officer knocked on the car door. “Get cozy. We’ll let you know when it’s all cleaned up.” Then the officer walked up to the next car in line.
Thomas struggled with a way to get to Cassandra. He couldn’t get there by any other road. This was the only road that led to his secluded house by the lake. Why hadn’t he taken Cassandra with him? Suddenly he was very aware of the ache in his chest. Maybe Cassandra didn’t need him as much as he needed her? He wasn’t sure what was going on, but he felt like the beautiful woman was a drug, and he was an addict.

Chapter 24
Thomas wearily got out of the car. It had taken them over an hour and a half to clear the road, and he felt horrible. He was tired, annoyed, and his body hurt from sitting in the car that long. He just wanted to give Cassandra the treats he had promised her. Why had it been so hard to do that? He chastised himself again. Next time he would take her along.
He opened the door, and the house was silent.
“Cassandra?!” he shouted, but no one replied. He set the groceries on the counter and started putting the cold ones away. It was a good thing he had gotten a bag of ice. The ice was now half melted, but the dairy products were still good. Ruined ice was less annoying than half his food being rotten.
After he put them away, he wandered through the living room. Why wasn’t Cassandra answering him? He listened, but there was no shower this time. Why would she take two showers anyway? He had only been gone for two hours. He made his way down the hall and looked in the bedroom. Then he started to panic. He checked the bathroom, but she wasn’t there either.
“Cassandra!” he yelled with new urgency. Then he heard a whimpering coming from the closet. He cautiously walked over and, in his old shirt and sweat pants, was the cowering little girl he had picked up last night. She was bone thin, and her eyes looked terrified.
“You left me,” she sobbed.
He reached down and picked her up. She threw her arms around his neck and clung to him, like her life depended on him. Judging by the look of her, maybe it did. She wrapped her legs around him and squeezed. If he had wanted to get her off, someone would have had to pry her off of him.
“Please don’t leave me,” she sobbed as he sat on the bed. Cassandra’s grip didn’t lessen in the slightest as he tried to get comfortable.
Thomas brushed the hair from her eyes and looked into her face. She looked scared and worried. All the color had gone from her face and the frail girl from the night before stared up at him full of fear.
“I’m sorry. Next time I’ll take you with me.” Something very strange was going on here. Samantha knew what was happening to Cassandra, she must. She was the one treating this girl, she must know something. She would be there in a few hours. When she arrived, he would ask her what was really going on.
Thomas carried the frail little girl to the living room. She clung to him tightly, there was no way she was letting go.
“Do you want to eat?” he asked quietly.
She shook her head.
He sat on the couch, and she released his neck, but only long enough to push herself in his lap and curl up into a ball again.
He put his arms around her and made certain to touch his hand to her skin. It must be the contact. Samantha had said she needed physical contact. It must be the reason for her rapid changes. The mind can make the body believe anything.
Cassandra started humming the tune again. It sounded so calming and sweet. He still couldn’t place it. It was familiar, but it just wouldn’t come to him.
The doorbell rang, and Cassandra jerked. He held her tightly and yelled to the door.
“Come in!” he yelled as he peered over the couch. He didn’t want to let Cassandra go. She needed him.
Samantha walked in, wearing the same outfit as yesterday, and she looked concerned. She was early, very early. She looked at Thomas, and a smile appeared.
“You’re doing well,” she said as she sat on the other side of the couch.
“I messed up. I mean, I really messed up.” Thomas felt so guilty. He just had to share it. Maybe he could find out why physical contact was so important to her.
“It can’t be that bad, dear,” Samantha looked at him, and he felt strange. He knew this woman somehow. Like the song, it was something in the back of his mind that pulled and tugged but couldn’t find its way to the front.
“I left her alone for two hours. I didn’t mean to. I got stuck in traffic.” Thomas fought desperately to keep calm, but he felt so horribly guilty that his voice shook. “I just wanted to get her some food.”
Samantha looked at him compassionately then looked at Cassandra who seemed very content to sit in his lap.
“It’s alright, dear,” Samantha patted his hand. “She’s safe now. You are doing a wonderful job. Mistakes happen.”
“I won’t let that one happen again. From now on, she won’t leave my side,” Thomas said sternly.
“Now, that’s impractical in so many ways,” Samantha laughed. “But I understand what you’re getting at. You’re doing fine, dear.”
Cassandra rocked slowly on his lap and looked at Samantha fearfully.
“How are you doing Cassandra?” Samantha asked quietly.
“You won’t take me from him. I need him.” Cassandra sounded angry, and Samantha sat up straight. The small redhead’s face softened. “Please,” she begged.
“I would never dream of taking you away from him,” Samantha winked at Thomas.
His reaction was surprising, especially to himself. He leaned down and kissed her on the head. He really wanted to believe it. It felt so wonderful. She needed him. Something in the pit of his stomach made him realize this wasn’t permanent. She would be well soon, and back to her own life. Even if he wanted to stay, he would end up running. Something bad would happen, and he would abandon her. He was not a dependable person.
“I’m not going anywhere,” he said softly, though secretly he knew it wasn’t true.
Samantha started to get up, and Thomas stopped her. He reached out and caught her wrist.
“What’s really going on here?” he asked.
“What do you mean?” Samantha looked completely lost, but something on her face told Thomas this was the right question to ask.
“I’m Asuune,” he said sternly, and Samantha sat back down.
“Dropping pretenses already, I see. You’re a smart one. Yes, there is something going on here.” Samantha waited. She needed to feed him only what he was ready for. She couldn’t rush it. Sarah had a plan, and that plan required patience.
“What is she?” Thomas asked, almost afraid of the answer.
“She’s part demon,” Samantha said, worried at his response.
He looked at the frail woman in his lap then scowled at Samantha.
“She is not,” Thomas said unconvinced. Then he realized there was more and waited for the rest.
“She’s also part angel,” she explained.
“Ok, that explains some things,” Thomas looked down at her with pity. She was suffering a horrible existence. He thought his life was bad. This poor girl had a demon for a parent. His mom had been bad, but at least she hadn’t been a demon. Though he wasn’t quite sure how Lilith could have been any worse.
“Her mother is searching for her. An angel wants to impregnate her. She is in grave danger.” Samantha looked at him, hoping he wouldn’t ask any more questions. He knew enough for now.
“Thank you, that explains so much. Take your time and make sure she is safe. I can take care of her for now.” Thomas was surprised at how confident he sounded. He sure as hell didn’t feel confident. He wanted to run. He didn’t want to face off against a demon or an angel. Something about this girl made him want to be better than he really was. If he could just keep it together for a few days, Cassandra would be safe, and he could get back to his miserable life. Cassandra was worth the risk.
Samantha stood again and made her way to the door.
“I’ll stop by tomorrow and see how she’s doing. Maybe I’ll have some news by then,” she said as she opened the door.
“Sounds good,” he replied. Deep inside, he hoped tomorrow she would come back with no progress, just like today. He wasn’t ready to be done protecting Cassandra, at least not yet.

Chapter 25
Thomas sat on the couch with Cassandra clinging to him for nearly an hour before he felt comfortable enough to get up and head to the kitchen. Even after he got up, Cassandra clung to his arm, and although it was difficult, he enjoyed every second of it. It was hard to make lunch one handed, but he didn’t want to let her go. She was showing improvement again. The beautiful woman that hid under the frail girl wasn’t back yet, but she was starting to come through.
Cassandra asked many questions as Thomas made french toast for lunch.
Thomas cracked a few eggs, and she concentrated on what he was doing while clinging to his arm. She had wanted french toast, and he was not about to deny her request.
“How many eggs do you put in for each one?” she asked. Thomas looked at her and realized she was serious.
“How long were you in the hospital?” he asked, putting her question aside for a minute.
“I was admitted when I was thirteen,” she replied and looked up at him. There was a sadness in her face that pulled at him.
“How old are you now?” he asked another question. He would answer her question, but he needed to know what he was getting himself into. Such a beautiful woman must be in her twenties.
“I’m twenty, almost twenty-one,” she replied.
“Ok, and I put in one egg for every piece of toast I want to make. Some people put in more, some less. I find one to be just right,” he looked at her kindly. She had been in that place for almost eight years. No wonder she was acting like this.
“What is that?” she asked and pointed to the spices Thomas had taken out.
“Cinnamon, for flavor,” he replied with a smile. “It’s what makes it french toast instead of just toast.” He smiled at her and realized his joke was lost on her. She was still mentally a little girl.
When Thomas had them ready, he threw them on the frying pan, and she jumped. The sizzling startled her. She let out a silly giggle as she realized how ridiculous she was being, then her lovely smile returned.
“Are you feeling better?” he asked.
“A little,” she replied. She looked at the food hungrily, and despite her weak response, Thomas could see she was getting better by the minute.
When the food was finished, he set out two plates, right next to each other and slid the chairs, so they were touching.
“This is delicious,” Cassandra said as she gobbled down her food. She was hungry again, she was getting better. She wasn’t the same woman he had walked in on in the bathroom, but she was getting there.
“I’m glad you like it,” Thomas smiled at her.
Cassandra kept her left hand on Thomas’s right arm, right below his elbow. It was difficult for him to eat, but he wasn’t complaining. He wasn’t very hungry anyway. Although he didn’t eat much, she seemed to be famished. She had seconds, then thirds, while he slowly picked at his food.
“What do you want to do now?” Thomas asked when he felt she was finally full.
“Can we try the TV again?” she smiled at him.
He stood up, and she released his arm so he could put away the dishes.
“I’ll wash them when you’re feeling better,” he smiled and watched her walk to the living room and sit on the couch. She waited patiently as Thomas finished up to join her.
He came in and sat beside her, so she clung to him again. He flipped through the channels as he watched her reactions. He wasn’t interested in the TV shows that flashed by as he flipped through the channels, he was much more interested in her responses to them. Finally, he found something that caught her attention. It was a cheesy romance that had been popular at the theaters ten years ago. He hadn’t really liked it because the characters seemed simplistic in their motivations, but she was enthralled.
The man in the show ran up to the woman and kissed her passionately. They had beaten the villain, and they both walked out of the building covered in dirt. The camera came to focus on them holding hands, and Cassandra looked down at her hand in his. Then she looked at his face curiously. The color in her face was coming back, and her body was filling out again. He could tell her thoughts were also getting more coherent.
“Do you want to kiss me?” Cassandra asked. She looked so innocent and helpless.
“No,” he lied. He really wanted to kiss her, but it felt like he would be taking advantage of her. She needed him and depended on him. It would be wrong.
“Oh,” she replied and sunk in the couch.
“It’s not that I don’t want to,” he smiled at her, trying to get her to look at him again. “I just don’t think you’re ready for that.”
She smiled at him weakly. He had hurt her feelings.
“Tomorrow when you feel better, we can talk about it again,” he played with her hair, and she finally smiled again.
They sat there for hours, holding hands. Sometimes she sat on his lap, others she just laid against him. He was surprised at how not boring it was. He didn’t like to sit and watch TV very often, but her reactions were far more interesting than any show he’d ever seen. When the sun went down, he noticed that she yawned a few times. It wasn’t very late, but he could tell she was worn out. They had snacked on a few things while she watched the shows, but she didn’t really seem interested in supper. As the show she was watching ended, she turned to him.
“Are you ready for bed?” she asked excitedly. She seemed like she’d been waiting for this all night. He looked at her curiously, and she gave him a devilish smile. He wasn’t sure he wanted to know the reason behind it.
“Sure,” he replied with a smile. He was very ready for bed. He wanted to hold her and have that dream again. He really wasn’t tired, but the thought of laying with her and holding her while she slept was very appealing.
She was still wearing the clothes he had gotten for her earlier that day. They were too large for her, and he was thankful. Before he could finish his thoughts, she jumped up and pulled him toward the bedroom. When they were in the bedroom, she looked at him with an almost seductive smile.
“Can you take off your shirt tonight?” she asked.
“Do you think that is a good idea?” he asked.
“It will help me heal faster.” She gave him the pouty look, and he saw the coherent woman peeking through again. “Please?”
He couldn’t deny this woman. The frail girl needed his protection. He would never harm her or take advantage of her. But the one that was starting to emerge could make him do anything she wanted. As he removed his shirt, she smiled and put both palms on his chest. She sighed, and he was uncomfortable with how it made him feel. She was still mostly the frail girl, the voluptuous woman wasn’t completely back. He couldn’t allow himself to feel this way about the frail one.
She led him to the bed and scooted across it while pulling his hand. She pushed him onto his back and sprawled out across his chest. She made sure both hands were touching him then looked up at him full of gratitude.
“Thank you,” she whispered, and Thomas smiled to himself. He wasn’t quite sure why she was thanking him. He was getting as much out of this as she was.
He hugged her tighter, and she sighed again. She was starting to fall asleep, but he hadn’t turned off the light yet. He struggled with his desire to shut off the light versus his need to stay exactly where he was. Thomas pushed her hair over her ears and watched as she fell asleep. He was soon dreaming again, unaware that he had fallen asleep as well.
They were in the movie that had been on the TV. She kissed him, and he felt a desire for her like he had never felt for any woman. He wanted her, but there was more to it than just sex. He also wanted to make her happy and to keep her safe. She put her hand in his then whispered to him.
“You left me, Thomas.” The dream version of Cassandra turned into Ceralin, and the nightmare started.
Thomas forced himself awake and shot up in bed. It was morning and Cassandra was gone again. This time he listened intently and heard the shower going. She was humming that familiar tune in the shower. He fell back on the pillow and looked up at the ceiling.
“Thomas?!” Cassandra yelled.
“I’m here, Cassandra!” he yelled back.
“Can you pick me out some clothes again? Maybe a tee-shirt this time. That shirt was a little warm.”
“Sure,” Thomas replied. He went through his dresser looking for a larger shirt, but he had no luck. He could handle it. He would just have to find a way.
He knocked on the door, and it flew open. Cassandra stood in the doorway, completely naked and held out her hands. The smile on her face was huge. Thomas immediately shut his eyes. He heard her breathe out, very disappointed.
“Is there something wrong with me?” Cassandra asked. The curvy, beautiful woman was back.
“No, why would you ask that? You’re gorgeous,” he said and felt guilty about it right away. Why had he said that?
“Then why won’t you look at me?” She sounded very frustrated.
“I just don’t want to take advantage of you. You’re still not completely better. When you’re better, we’ll talk about it. Ok?” Thomas fought with himself as he said it. He desperately wanted to tell her exactly what was going through his mind but knew how it would sound. ‘You’re too beautiful. I can’t look at you because I won’t be able to control myself.’ That would sound horrible, and she might just slap him. Or even worse, she’d take him up on it, and he would spend the rest of his life feeling guilty. She wasn’t ready for how he really felt.
He sensed her move closer, then he felt her wet hands on his neck. She slid them around behind his head, and he felt warm, soft lips on his. He tried to hold on, but he couldn’t help himself. He kissed her back, and soon the kiss got serious. He knew she was completely naked, but he couldn’t stop himself. He wrapped his arms around her and squeezed his eyes tightly shut. He felt her naked breasts on his shirtless chest. She pushed herself away, and he heard a giggle.
“You’re a good kisser.” She sounded seductive and happy, then he felt her take the clothes from his hands. Next, he heard a rustling sound and assumed she was dressed when it stopped. He peeked a little too soon and caught her pulling the tee-shirt over her head. He didn’t bother looking away or closing his eyes again. He just stared at her beauty and was lost in it.
“What do you want to do today?” she asked and looked at him. His mouth was still wide open, and he was staring at her chest. She didn’t seem to mind. It almost looked like she was happy about it. She ran her hand across his chest, then grabbed his arm.
“Whatever you want,” he replied, still in shock from her kiss and her flirtatious attitude. She grinned deviously, and Thomas was afraid to know the reason behind it.
He quickly grabbed a shirt and put it on as she pulled him to the kitchen. 
“I want to make cherry pie,” she smirked at him.
“You want to make cherry pie?” he asked, a little disappointed.
She turned to him, her face full of wonder and innocence. It was like she had two separate personalities. Which was the real Cassandra? The seductively beautiful, sensual woman or the child that depended on him? Thomas smirked as he thought about just how opposite they were. He was an old man trapped in a young man’s body, and she was a child trapped in a woman’s. He had seen horrors beyond imagining and was very experienced at lovemaking in ways she couldn’t even imagine. He chastised himself for using that term. He didn’t ‘make love’ to the women he had been with. That would require love, something he could never feel.
He had just recently found his way back to feeling compassion and pity. He could never love Cassandra, not the way she deserved to be loved. This realization enforced his resolve. He wouldn’t take advantage of her. She was a child, mentally. He could not imagine using Cassandra the way he had used all the others. He needed to stop seeing her as a woman. His only job was to protect her, even from himself.
“I love cherry pie,” she replied matter-of-factly. Her green eyes sparkled with a wonder for the world Thomas had long since forgotten. He knew he had been right. She needed protection from everything the inhabitants of this horrible world wanted to do to her. She needed protection from him.
Thomas smiled and pulled out the cans of cherry filling. She stood beside him, excited. She had slid her hand up the arm of his shirt to touch his skin but allow him to work. Every time he moved to another cupboard, she was right there with him, holding on for dear life. Thomas got out the premade pie crust and filled it then set the oven and put it in. He then set a timer, the whole time Cassandra just watched. She didn’t ask questions today, she only gave him approving looks as he worked. Every look from her was one of encouragement, topped with a beautiful smile for his efforts. Thomas thought he might do anything, suffer any recourse, just to keep her smiling and happy.
“We have thirty minutes before it’s done. Then we will have to let it cool. What do you want to do now?” Thomas sat at the table and Cassandra scooted her chair closer so she could keep a tight grip on his arm.
“What things do you like to do?” She propped up her head with her other hand and stared at him.
“The things I like to do would be very boring to you,” Thomas let out a small laugh as he said it.
“Like what?” She continued to stare at him, waiting. She was genuinely interested in what he did for fun.
“Well, I read a lot. I study newspapers to watch for market trends, and I research companies. See? Pretty boring.” Thomas never realized how dull his life was. Is that seriously all he ever did? Then he remembered, this monotony was only broken by him going to bars to pick up women. He did lead a very boring life.
“That does sound boring,” she replied with a giggle. Then a new wave of excitement covered her face. “We should go for a walk.”
Thomas felt his stomach clench as he thought of someone out there searching for her. What if taking her outside led to this angel finding her? He looked at her face again, and she smiled coyly. There was no way he could say no. It had already been decided, and he had no choice in the matter.
“Ok, but not very far. Samantha will be here soon, and the pie is almost done,” Thomas said.
Cassandra looked at him and pouted.
“How about we go out back by the lake and wait for Samantha? After that, we’ll see about a walk.” Thomas looked at her, hoping for some glimmer of a smile as reward. He was not disappointed. She smiled at him and started pulling him toward the back door.
When they were outside the back door, Cassandra released his arm long enough for him to get a couple folding chairs and set them out on the cement slab behind his house. The whole time they were separated, she stood by the back door, ready to rush in at the first sign of danger. She looked nervous and jumpy, but it faded as she sat in the chair and put her hand on his again. Would she always be like this? Did she have to touch him every minute or suffer horrible anxiety? Somehow it didn’t seem like the worst thing in the world to Thomas. If that’s what it took to keep her looking at him like this, then he would be happy to do it.
They watched the lake in silence, Cassandra looking at him often for a sense of how safe they were. When the doorbell rang, Cassandra looked at him sadly.
“It’s ok, Cassandra. Samantha is here, and the pie is almost done.” Thomas helped her up and walked inside. Samantha didn’t even bother to wait today, she just walked right in after ringing the bell.
Thomas left Cassandra on the couch while he went to remove the pie from the oven. He sat it on the counter to cool while Cassandra kept her eye on him every step of the way. Samantha sat beside her, but Cassandra was focused on Thomas.
“Are you doing better today, Cassandra?” Samantha asked.
When Thomas came in and sat behind Cassandra, she finally paid attention to the woman beside her.
“I’m doing much better,” she replied.
“That’s good to hear,” Samantha stated.
“Tell me more about what’s going on,” Thomas ordered.
“I suppose there are things I left out.” Samantha adjusted herself on the couch, and Thomas noticed she wasn’t wearing the same clothes today. She looked a little sharper, her shirt was tucked in, her jacket even matched, and her skirt wasn’t stiff.
“Cassandra is a succubus,” Samantha started, and Thomas listened intently. “A very special succubus. On top of that, she’s never had sex.”
“Never?” Thomas asked, astonished.
“Nope,” Samantha replied abruptly.
“Will she snap out of this eventually?” Thomas was referring to her childish innocence and hoped Samantha would understand.
“The confusion will subside. She already looks better. Just keep touching her. A day, maybe two, and she will be as normal as you and I. She is absorbing your energy.”
Thomas looked confused and a little worried.
“It won’t hurt you. You are Asuune. She could touch you forever, and you wouldn’t even get a headache.” Samantha laughed then bent down to look at Cassandra.
Cassandra pulled away and looked afraid.
“Don’t worry, dear. I won’t take you away. I just want to see how you are doing.” Samantha sat back up and looked at Thomas kindly. “Another day and she will be much better.”
“Any luck stopping this angel that wants Cassandra, or her mother?” Thomas asked.
“No luck so far,” Samantha lied. There was nothing she could do and Thomas wasn’t ready to accept the truth. The fact that he was the only one who could save poor Cassandra was something Thomas would not accept, at least not yet.
“Would you like some cherry pie?” Cassandra’s eyes lit up as she asked.
“I’d say she’s still a child right now. I see adulthood breaking through sometimes, but by tomorrow, she should be closer to her actual age. Just don’t leave her alone.” Samantha stood and looked at Cassandra. “I’m sorry, dear, but the pie is for you and Thomas. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
‘Adulthood breaking through’ that explained so much. The kiss in the bathroom and the seductive grins. Her true self was sometimes coming to the surface. It was less like two personalities, and more like the real Cassandra was trapped and trying to escape. Understanding this made Thomas feel better. She would soon be an adult. These urges wouldn’t make him feel so guilty then.
“See you tomorrow, Samantha,” Thomas smiled, filled with relief. He wasn’t a creep, not exactly. It was very confusing to be attracted to a woman who looked like she did and acted like a child.
Samantha waved and was out the door.
Cassandra shot up and pulled Thomas to the kitchen. She watched eagerly as he got them each a slice of the pie and put whipped cream on them. She gobbled hers down as soon as they sat down then looked at him impatiently.
“Can we watch another show?” she asked.
“Sure, what do you want to watch?” Thomas finished his pie only moments before Cassandra pulled him to the couch and grabbed the remote. She curled up in his arms and started flipping through the channels.
“I want to watch another one like last time.” Samantha flipped through nearly all of them before she found one that was appealing.
Thomas watched the man and woman on the screen but didn’t recognize it at first. It seemed familiar to him. Then it hit him. This wasn’t just a love story. He had caught part of this show once. It was a sexy romance story. She wasn’t ready for this.
“Maybe we should find another show. I don’t think you’ll like this one.” Thomas tried to grab the remote, but she pulled it out of his reach. She smiled up at him deviously.
“I want to watch this one,” she raised her eyebrows and gave him a seductive grin. He saw the man undressing the woman on the screen as Cassandra turned back to watch. “We’re watching this one,” she said firmly.
“This might be a little too much for you,” he tried to reason with her. She looked up at him again.
“You won’t kiss me. You won’t look at my body. I’m a succubus, Thomas. I need this.” She sounded mature and confident. He put his arms back around her and gave in. Then she turned and looked at him. “Unless you’ve changed your mind.” The look on her face was pure lust. If it had been any other woman, anyone but Cassandra, he would have kissed her and taken her to the bedroom. The way she was looking at him, they might not even make it to the bedroom.
“You’re not ready yet. Maybe tomorrow.” Thomas felt her hand slid up his leg and realized he needed to give her something. He would not be able to resist her if she kept going like this. She looked at him deviously as she slid her hand farther up. “Ok,” he relented. “A kiss. Today I’ll kiss you. We’ll talk about the rest tomorrow.”
She pulled herself up and straddled him. She flipped her hair in a way that made Thomas wish it could be more. Her face tilted as she drew closer. He shut his eyes and felt her warm, soft lips against his. It felt so nice. She put her arms around his neck, and he grabbed her waist. This time she used her tongue and knew exactly what to do. It was like she was a natural born kisser. He had never kissed anyone quite like this before. In all the years and the thousands of women, he had never been so turned on by a simple kiss.
When she finally broke from him, she looked even more lucid.
“Now was that so bad?” Cassandra asked as she smirked at him.
“Actually, it was very good. Where did you learn to kiss like that?” he asked.
“I don’t know. I just felt what you wanted. I am a succubus.” Cassandra spun and curled up in his arms again. “Now can we watch my show?” She snickered, and Thomas thought about saying no, not without another kiss, but he changed his mind. One more kiss like that and it wouldn’t stop there. He wanted her but knew he couldn’t have her, not yet. Not until he was sure she was fully an adult in her mind. Even then, would he? He almost felt dirty thinking about having sex with her. He didn’t want to use her. This was very enjoyable just the way it was. He didn’t want this to end.
They watched the show for the remaining hour, and Thomas was nearly driven mad by Cassandra’s reactions to it. During the kissing, she would often look at him and give him seductive and knowing looks. The worst were the sex scenes, and this show had five of them. Four of them were moderately uncomfortable as Cassandra made soft cooing noises and appeared to be visibly turned on by them. She rubbed her legs and sometimes rubbed his. During the worst of the five, he thought she might end up pulling her clothes off. She couldn’t sit still while she watched it and rubbed her legs together. Then she scooted closer to him, rubbing his chest and stomach while making seductive noises the whole time.
When the show was over, she straddled him again. She didn’t ask this time, she just kissed him long and passionately. When she was done she licked her lips and wiped her thumb across the corner of her mouth. She looked down at him like she wanted more.
“So, what were you saying we were going to do tomorrow?” She raised one eyebrow and looked at him knowingly. “Oh yes, you said tomorrow you were going to look at my body.”
“Umm, that’s not exactly what I said,” he replied nervously.
She put her index finger to her chin and looked up at an angle.
“I’m pretty sure that’s what you said. Not going back on your word, are you?” She smiled deviously at him. “I’m just teasing.” She slapped him on the chest. “If you don’t want to look at me, you don’t have to,” she mocked.
Thomas realized what was happening. It almost didn’t occur to him until she started teasing him. She was now, mentally a teenager. Horney as hell, and never saying quite what she meant. He needed to be careful. If he said the wrong thing she might break down and cry or, possibly worse, she might tear his clothes off. He needed to be very, very careful.
Cassandra looked down at his clothes on her body and looked a little saddened by how they fit her. Thomas caught this expression and wondered how the sexy woman, dressed in his clothes could be so appealing to him and produce such a sour response in her. Perhaps it wasn’t how she looked in the clothes but, rather, the fact that she was wearing his clothes. He could almost read her thoughts from the expression on her face and knew what she was going to ask before it came out of her sweet mouth.
“Can we go shopping? You promised me a walk,” Cassandra looked up at him with doe eyes, and Thomas knew he had already lost this argument. It wasn’t very safe to go out in public, but how could he deny her? The truth was, he couldn’t.
“As long as we are very careful. You will need a disguise or something. Also, we need to make sure you are covered. We don’t want you hurting anyone by accidentally touching them.” Thomas watched the excitement fill her as he spoke and realized he had never wanted to go to the mall this much.
Cassandra lept from the couch and rushed to the bedroom. He heard drawers opening and closing. The closet door banged against the wall then he heard clothes hangers sliding across the closet rod. He made his way to the bedroom and was greeted with a pile of clothes on his bed. She was searching through everything to find an outfit, she really was a teenager now.
She grinned at him deviously and pulled up her tee-shirt. He hid his eyes and could swear he heard her giggle under her breath.
“Let me know when to look,” Thomas smiled. He heard more rustling from the closet and more drawers slamming. She grabbed his hand and said eagerly.
“I’m ready!”
Thomas opened his eyes and looked at her outfit. It was a little silly, but he did say she needed a disguise. She had on one of his baseball hats, her hair was tucked under it, and it was turned around backward. She had on one of his tee-shirts with a number on it. He didn’t really like sports, but someone had given it to him, and he couldn’t for the life of him remember who. The shirt had a V neck which showed a lot of cleavage, and she had it tied in a knot about half way up her belly. She had taken the sweat pants and rolled up the waist, so it fit her figure. It was loose on her stomach, but the rolled up material rested on the curve of her hips to keep them from falling down. She looked comfortable, but completely desirable at the same time.
“Good disguise,” Thomas replied. He felt his pulse quicken as his eyes couldn’t remove themselves from the bare skin of her stomach. Why had this area of a woman’s body always been his weakness? He liked women’s breasts, loved their hips, but the stomach had always driven him crazy. The way it moved when a woman turned, the way the muscles tightened when she laughed and especially the way the muscles pulled together in a V shape as they made their way… He really needed to stop thinking about Cassandra like this. He was talking himself into doing something he would regret.
Cassandra released his hand and did a spin then grabbed his hand again.
“Sorry about the mess,” she said regretfully.
“We’ll clean it up when we get back,” he comforted. “You might want a jacket. That is a lot of exposed skin.”
He watched a deviously cunning smile form on her face and realized it had been her intention all along. She wanted him to notice. She undid the tie in the shirt then grabbed a light jacket to cover her arms. She never intended to go out like that. It was a show for him. The little vixen had tricked him into looking at her body, not all of it, but somehow Thomas thought she knew all about his preoccupation with her stomach. He might have to be a little more careful around her in the future.
She put on the shoes she had worn when she got there. They were flat sneakers, so they went with the casual outfit. Then she grabbed Thomas and drug him to the door as he struggled to pull on his own shoes. In the car, she leaned close to him so she could keep her hand on his arm. The trip only took about an hour. Cassandra played with the radio the whole way there, mesmerized by the many different types of music.

Chapter 26
In the parking lot, Thomas realized he needed to explain the rules. Just so Cassandra was completely aware of what was going to happen. He turned to her after exiting the car, and she rushed to him then latched onto his arm.
“I need to explain some things before we go in.” He waited, making sure she was paying attention. She looked at him attentively, and he went on. “You will need to try on clothes, and I can’t go in with you. I’ll wait right outside, but they won’t let me go in. Do you understand?”
She shook her head and smiled.
“And don’t take off on me, please. It will be very easy to get lost. There are a lot of people in there.” Thomas waited for another nod.
She looked a little worried now, but she nodded and put her arm through his and laced her fingers into his hand.
“I guess that’s it.” Thomas smiled at her and walked toward the mall entrance. He watched as Cassandra looked around wide-eyed and apprehensively when the crowd got closer. She grabbed his hand tighter and pushed herself closer to him. He grinned. This felt right. He could do this. He could protect her.
Once inside, Cassandra’s expression changed, and she looked around excitedly. She had forgotten about all the people and was in awe of all the bright lights and pretty clothes that lined the hall.
“I want to see that one,” she pointed at an outfit in a window. The tight pants and white button-up shirt had caught her attention.
“Whatever you want. We’ll have them send the stuff to the house,” Thomas offered.
“I’ll need shoes too,” she looked at the next storefront, which was full of shoes.
“Anything you want.” He was not about to deny her anything. Not when she offered him so much in return. He had lost all sense of wonderment and excitement so many centuries ago. What she was giving him was worth more than everything in this mall. He would gladly buy her the mall itself, if it would keep her this happy.
She rushed ahead to the clothing store then stopped as she realized she had let go of his hand.
“Sorry,” she said solemnly.
“You’re excited. I understand. Just make sure you can always see me,” Thomas encouraged.
She smiled at him, but this was different than all the smiles she had given him previously. This one conveyed appreciation and caring. This one was a thank you and secretly said ‘I owe you’. He didn’t care if she ever repaid him. That wasn’t the point. He wanted to give her the world. This one simple smile, that held so many secrets, meant more than anything she could have possibly given him.
He stood by the doorway and leaned on the wall. She was safe inside, and he could see anyone entering or leaving. He wasn’t very good with fashion anyway.
Thomas noticed an attendant eyeing him and motioned for her to come over.
“Thomas?” she asked, causing his heart to race.
How did he know her? Had he slept with her? This could go very badly.
“Yes,” Thomas replied.
The woman was blonde and short. She wore heels but was still shorter than him. Her tight skirt and considerable cleavage would have normally gotten a rise out of him, but today all he could think about was ‘What if Cassandra sees her with me?’. This thought made his posture stiffen.
“What are you doing here? It’s been a while,” she looked up at him seductively and bit her lip. It would normally have been an attractive gesture, but not today. Thomas crossed his arms and tried to be polite.
“I’m here with my girlfriend, and I was wondering if someone could help her pick out some clothes. I’m not really very good with women’s clothes.” Thomas’s stomach did a twist as he said the words. Did he want her to be his girlfriend? Why did those words evoke sensations he had locked away so long ago?
“Your…girlfriend?” the woman looked at him in disbelief. “Thomas, you actually found a girlfriend?” She looked disappointed and hurt.
“Yes, I haven’t known her long, but she’s quite amazing.” He needed to get his point across. If Cassandra even sensed this woman was attracted to him or misconstrued his attention to her, this could get ugly. Cassandra may have had the mind of a teenager, but she was still a succubus. Which made things worse. The jealousy and rage of a teenager, the power and deadly abilities of a demon. Not to mention, and possibly, more importantly, he didn’t want to hurt Cassandra.
The woman eyed him one more time, almost sadly, then straightened up to look professional.
“What kind of price range we talking about here?” she asked sternly.
Thomas smirked. This was going to be good. This would solidify his feelings toward the woman whom he couldn’t even remember.
“She can have everything if she wants it. Just make sure they fit. I don’t want to have to bring anything back. The sky is the limit for Cassandra.” Thomas smiled at the woman.
He could almost see her mouth fall open, though she didn’t let it. Even her attempts to stay distant couldn’t hide the envy in her eyes. She turned abruptly and walked toward Cassandra. The expression on her face changed sharply as she spoke to the lovely redhead. Her smile got wide and warm, and her eyes looked at Cassandra caringly. The harsh feelings this woman had for Thomas were not transferred to the innocent woman he had brought with him.
Thankfully, the rest of their shopping went off much more smoothly. Cassandra picked out tons of clothes, shoes, perfumes, and jewelry. Far more than she could wear in the few days, they had left together, but Thomas didn’t care. His job was to protect her and keep her happy. Between stores, Cassandra clung to him to regain her strength and to feel safe. They took a break to eat, then were quickly back to shopping. At one of the only clothing stores left in the mall, Thomas stood outside. He had given instructions to the attendant that Cassandra could have anything and everything she desired and felt comfortable leaving the lovely redhead in the store alone.
He sat on a bench with a clear view of the store and even caught Cassandra waving at him a few times. This small, curvy ball of fire didn’t seem tire, but he was a little worn out. It was getting late, but he just couldn’t tell her no. Thankfully, there were literally no more clothing stores left. She might want to check out one or two more jewelry shops, but that would be quick, then they could head home. As he watched Cassandra take a pretty dress he was worried might be a little too revealing into the dressing room, a man sat beside him. At first, he didn’t really pay attention to the man in the trench coat. Not until he spoke. The sound of his voice sent shivers down Thomas’s spine.
“Hello, Thomas,” the man hissed.
“Do I know you?” Thomas asked. Something about the voice seemed too familiar, and fear gripped him.
“We haven’t spoken in millennia. I do hope Ceralin doesn’t find you. You are so exposed. What would happen to Cassandra? Would Ceralin harm her as well?” The man spoke cruelly. Suddenly Thomas’s fear turned to terror as Thomas realized who he was talking to.
“You are the one looking for Cassandra to impregnate her?” Thomas asked, his terror making his voice shake. It was Lucifer.
“Yes, I am,” Lucifer replied.
Thomas looked him in the eyes and knew he couldn’t protect Cassandra from this angel. It was pointless to even try.
“Walk away, Thomas. I won’t harm her. She will have my child, and nothing will happen to her. You can’t even protect her from her mother, Ishtar. How will you stop me?” Lucifer grinned evilly at Thomas.
What had he gotten himself mixed up in? Ishtar was a very powerful demon. She was one of the oldest and most cruel. Even if he could somehow defeat Ishtar, he still couldn’t beat Lucifer.
Lucifer realized Thomas wasn’t moving and decided he needed more encouragement. This impressed Lucifer a little. Even Thomas, the coward, was willing to face him to be with Cassandra. She was more perfect than Lucifer had imagined.
“I will protect her and care for her. She will be safe with me,” Lucifer looked Thomas in the eyes and scowled angrily. “Walk away!”
Thomas stood up, full of shame, defeated. He couldn’t protect Cassandra. He walked away from the clothing store just as Cassandra walked out of the dressing room.
She looked out at the place where Thomas had been sitting, and her excitement turned to worry. Then she saw Thomas walking away and rushed to the edge of the store where Lucifer caught her arm. She watched Thomas walking away.
“Don’t leave me, Thomas!” she yelled, but Thomas didn’t even turn around. He had heard her but it was useless. Even if he wanted to, he couldn’t stop Lucifer.
“I’ll protect you,” Lucifer sneered.
“You’re him.” Cassandra looked at him and fear spread through her face.
Lucifer grabbed Cassandra’s hand and looked at her curiously. He studied her face then looked at her hand in his. Anger replaced his self-satisfied smile, and he released her hand.
“He has ruined you!” Lucifer said angrily, then walked off.
Cassandra scoured the crowd, but Thomas was nowhere. She paced back and forth.
“Thomas, don’t leave me!” she yelled, but Thomas was already gone. She slid down the wall and put her face in her hands. The attendants didn’t know what to do. They watched her apprehensively, but none of them spoke to her.
A woman grabbed Cassandra’s hand, and she looked up. A sad smile formed as she saw Samantha’s face. Then it quickly faded.
“He left me,” she sobbed.
“I know, dear,” Samantha replied softly. “Let’s go home.” Samantha helped Cassandra up and looked at the attendants. All the women looked on sadly. They weren’t about to tell Cassandra to remove the dress and besides, Thomas had already given them instructions and a credit card. What difference did it make if she wore one out instead of having it shipped to the address he’d given them?

Chapter 27
Thomas got out of his car with his head down in shame at the hotel where he had first met Cassandra. The valet took his keys and sped off while Thomas slowly walked inside. He headed to the bar first, and the bartender got him a drink before he could even wave. Thomas gulped it down then leaned over the bar.
“How much for the whole bottle?” he asked wearily.
“One twenty,” the bartender replied and went to grab the bottle.
Thomas threw two hundreds on the bar, picked up the bottle, and took a large gulp.
“Keep the change,” he said then walked out of the bar toward the elevators.
Thomas fished through his pockets for the key card as he waited for the elevator doors to open and took another large swig. His face grimaced at the taste, and the doors opened. Thomas leaned against the back wall and took another drink as the elevator shot to his floor.
How had he been so stupid? He let her trust him. He let her depend on him. This was never going to last. He was a coward. Thomas pushed open the door to his room, he was getting angry now. He had seen a glimmer of hope, but now he realized how pointless it had been. He could never protect her. Maybe someone should have protected her from him. This was exactly why he never let himself feel anything, because when he did, he hurt women. Thomas slammed the door and fell against the wall beside it. He put a hand to his face and let the bottle fall on the floor. The whiskey spilled out, and he didn’t even care. Why had he let himself feel? That poor girl. She didn’t deserve this. She didn’t deserve him. All he ever brought was disappointment and failure.
Then Thomas heard a strange sound. It sounded like someone shifting in a chair. The room was dark, but he could sense someone sitting in the dark corner across the room. He stood and felt for the light.
“Hello, Thomas,” the feminine voice said from the darkness. He knew right away who it was. He had memorized that voice. It haunted his nightmares every day. It was his sister, Ceralin.
Thomas flipped on the lights and watched as his sister stood up from the chair. He was terrified but determined. She could end this. He would never hurt another woman again. He wasn’t going to run anymore. He would just let Ceralin kill him.
“Not running?” Sarah asked contemptuously.
“I’m done running, just kill me and the world will be a better place.” Thomas looked down at the floor, ready to die.
“You fucking coward! Always trying to take the easy way out.” Sarah walked up to him slowly. He didn’t move. She paced around him, then punched him in the stomach. He doubled over then forced himself back up.
“Just do it. I’m tired of running from you,” he urged.
“I watched you torture yourself for such a long time, brother.” She walked around him again and hit him in the side. Thomas grabbed his side and let out a small grunt. “I wasn’t chasing you.” She walked around him and hit him in his other side. Thomas grunted louder and fell to his knees.
“Just get this over with!” Thomas exclaimed.
Sarah drew her sword, and Thomas shut his eyes.
“I watched you destroy your life but this...” Sarah swished the sword through the air, and Thomas shut his eyes, ready to die. “How dare you hurt someone else!” She angrily grabbed Thomas by the shirt collar and pinned him against the wall. She drew back her sword, and Thomas looked into her eyes.
“Do it!” he urged.
Sarah released him and put her sword away.
“You may like to hurt innocent girls, but I don’t. She needs you, Thomas. Quit feeling sorry for yourself and do something!” Sarah screamed.
“I can’t fight Lucifer, and I can’t fight Ishtar. I’ll just get her hurt.” Thomas slid down the wall and sat on the floor.
“You’re hurting her worse than they are!” Sarah yelled. She walked over and pulled Thomas back up to hit him in the stomach again. She looked him in the eyes. “What is the worst that can happen? You die trying? You were willing to let me kill you. What are you afraid of?”
Sarah released him, and he slid down the wall again.
“I’m afraid that I’m not good enough. That I will get her killed.” Thomas sobbed.
“She is going to suffer because you are afraid to try!” Sarah stomped over to him and lifted him up again. She pulled back her fist and looked at him. “I just want you to try.” A tear fell from Sarah’s eye, and he saw his sweet little sister again.
“I’m so sorry, Ceralin,” Thomas sobbed. “I’m sorry I left you.”
“I don’t blame you. I never did. You were nineteen. You were just a kid.” Sarah released him and wiped the tear from her eye. “You’re not a kid anymore, Thomas!” She turned, and her anger returned. “If you let her suffer…I will never forgive you. This time it will be your fault. You could have saved her, but you didn’t even try.”
Thomas looked at his angry little sister and saw the truth. What was he afraid of? So what if he died? So what if he failed? His sister was right. He was hurting Cassandra more than Lucifer and Ishtar. Thomas stood and looked at Sarah.
“I’m sorry I left you and thank you for helping me.” Thomas looked at his sister, his intent clear.
“Finally, after all this time. Now for the hard part.” Sarah walked toward him, and Thomas cringed. She put her small hands on his shoulders and smiled at him. “Forgive yourself.”
“I’m not sure I can do that,” Thomas replied.
“If you really want to save her, you’re going to have to.” Sarah walked by him and headed to the door. She turned at the doorway and looked at him one more time. “She doesn’t need someone to protect her from Ishtar and Lucifer. You’re right, you can’t beat them. She just needs someone to give her the strength to save herself. You can’t help her if you’re feeling sorry for yourself.” She walked out the door, and Thomas was left alone with his thoughts.
Sarah walked to the elevator and got in. It was full of people but on the next floor down, all but one left.
“Hello, Lucifer,” Sarah said, not turning around.
“You ruined my plans,” he snarled.
“Now, that is what I call a happy coincidence.” Sarah smiled deviously to herself. She could see Lucifer in the reflection of the metal doors, and he could see her.
“I should just kill you now.” Lucifer took a step toward her, and she spun quickly.
“You know why you can’t. You’re not stupid. You’re afraid of him.” Sarah looked at him with disdain.
“My brother isn’t an angel any longer. He can’t kill me,” Lucifer smiled, sure of himself.
“You know who I’m talking about. It’s why you never killed me, and you never will.” Sarah crossed her arms.
“Why would I be afraid of Mark?” Lucifer forced a laugh, but Sarah could see the truth in his face.
“Because he’s Michael’s son.” Sarah leaned in. “He has no interest in fighting. He’s happy to let everyone else fight the war while he guides them. What you’re afraid of is what he will do if I’m gone. He’s lost everyone else. If I die, he will have no one left. If he gets that angry, he will want to fight.”
“I’m not afraid of him,” Lucifer lied but Sarah could see it on his face. “Maybe I’ll just kill him first.”
“If it was that easy, wouldn’t you have done it already?” Sarah laughed. “You saw a glimpse of what he could become while you still had the ability to see the future. It’s why you left me alone.”
The elevator doors opened on the bottom floor, and Sarah left him with one final thought.
“God made him to be stronger than everyone. Kathrine was smarter but Mark is stronger. And he can use an angel blade. Can you? You’re a demon now. Where is your sword?” Sarah turned and started to walk off. A self-satisfied grin spread across her face and she stopped to hold the elevator doors. “Kathrine was God’s soldier but Mark is God’s failsafe. If he picks up his father’s sword in anger there will be no angelic nor demonic creatures left in the world except him. You know that’s the reason I’m still alive. If I die and Mark picks up his father’s sword The Beast will unleash hell on earth to stop him but it won’t work. He will wipe them all out.”
She let the doors close, and Lucifer fell back against the wall. Sarah was right. The possibility of what Mark could become kept him from killing Sarah. Everyone thought Katherine was the most powerful Asuune to ever live, but Lucifer knew the truth, and it seemed Sarah had figured it out as well. Kathrine had been very powerful, indeed, but her strength was in her mind. She had even outsmarted him with her final act. It was Mark who was the strongest, and he didn’t even realize the power he had. Lucifer needed to keep it that way, which meant he couldn’t touch Sarah. His only chance was to find the girl who was even more special than Cassandra. He had heard rumors, but no one seemed to know who she was. She was powerful enough that she could even hide from him. He couldn’t stop Sarah nor risk fighting Mark. This mysterious second girl was his last hope. She could have his child. He just needed more time to figure out who she was.

Chapter 28
Thomas pulled up in front of his lake house and sat in the car, thinking. He had gone back to the mall. It had been just before closing, and the woman at the clothing store told him all about Cassandra leaving with a blond woman. From the description, Thomas assumed it had been Samantha. Staring at his house, he was now sure it had been her. His house was lit up, and he saw a woman’s outline walk across one of the windows. Samantha’s beat up sedan was also in the driveway.
How was he going to do this? Cassandra must hate him right now. He imagined her anger and realized, he deserved it. He would just go in and take his punishment. She couldn’t possibly hit as hard as Ceralin. He may have been fast, but his sister was very strong.
Thomas got out of the car and walked to the house slowly, trying to go over every possibility. Maybe Cassandra would be so mad she refused to talk to him. She might not even want to see him ever again. He felt guilty, but he also knew he deserved it. She was a sweet girl who didn’t deserve a worthless man like himself, but she needed him in some way. Somehow he was the only one who could make her strong enough to defend herself. Even if she hated him, she would hopefully understand. If he could convince her of this one truth, then he could help her stand up for herself. She would leave him afterward, but he would deserve that as well. It was his turn to be the one left behind, the one left to suffer.
Thomas opened the door and walked in. Cassandra wasn’t there, it was just Samantha, and she was pacing. She seemed worried.
“Is Cassandra alright?” he asked, and Samantha turned with a worried look on her face.
“She’s ok, she needs you, but she is fine.” Samantha still looked worried. It apparently had nothing to do with Cassandra.
“What’s wrong then?” Thomas asked.
“Have a seat,” Samantha pulled out a chair, and Thomas sat.
“You’re not going to like this, but it’s time.” Samantha started to pace again. “You see, I help people, special people like you and Cassandra. I help them realize their darkest secrets. The one’s they won’t even admit to themselves. I call them Demonic Temptations. These are the things that are so frightening you would do anything to avoid admitting them. And I believe I’ve failed you. Luckily, you found your way back here.”
“Why do you keep talking about me? You’re here to help Cassandra.” Thomas was clearly confused by this whole conversation.
“Actually this is for you. Cassandra doesn’t have any Demonic Temptations. She is an honest, sweet girl who just so happens to be persecuted by a demon and an angel. Well, he was an angel.” Samantha paced more quickly and wrung her hands. “Cassandra doesn’t need my help. She has physical problems only you can help her with, but mentally, she is healthier than most of us. She doesn’t hide anything. She’s honest and truthful in everything she does. If she has a feeling, she shares it. Sometimes to her detriment,” Samantha laughed. “And our discomfort.”
“So you are here to help me? So I can help her?” Thomas felt uneasy about the whole thing.
“Ok. Here is the part where you get angry with me.” Samantha paced even faster. “You’re Demonic Temptation stems from what your mother did to you. I normally have the subject figure it out for themselves, but this is a difficult situation. I don’t believe you will ever figure it out, and it’s my fault.”
“How could it be your fault?” Thomas asked.
Samantha took off her wig, and Thomas was shocked. Her long brown hair, which was dyed red, fell across her back. Then she walked over to the kitchen, wet a rag and wiped off her makeup. Thomas’s anxiety rose sharply, and he stood up. Anger filled his face, and he rushed at her. He grabbed her by the throat and started to choke her. She didn’t fight back, she just sobbed. He released her then took a step back. He laced his fingers behind his head and just looked at her.
“Why?!” he asked.
“I’m so sorry, Thomas. I hurt you so much. I’m so sorry,” Samantha cried.
Thomas had no words for what was going through his head. He felt anger and disgust. He wanted to kill his mother, but looking at her crying, he wanted to hug her as well.
“I just wanted a chance to help you. I know it doesn’t make up for what I did,” Samantha sobbed.
“Help me?! You should be helping Ceralin! What you did to me was nothing compared to that!” Thomas looked up at the ceiling. He looked like he wanted to pull his own head off out of frustration.
“Helping your sister is more complicated than helping you. I can never make up for what I did to her, but I’m trying. With you, I hope I can undo what I have done.” Samantha wiped her eyes and looked at him.
“How? You can’t give me back my childhood. You can’t give back my sister. What can you do? I failed her, but it was because of you. I should never have been in that situation. I was a kid.” Thomas looked at her, and the anger returned.
“Yes, and that is the reason for your troubles. You can’t allow anyone to trust you. No one can ever be allowed to depend on you. You ruin any chance someone might find you worthy of trust because if you do, then you will have let your sister down for nothing. If you are a failure, then it’s your fault. There’s someone to blame. You didn’t do anything wrong, Thomas. Please, son, blame me.” Samantha looked at him and saw a sadness replace his anger. “It’s my fault, not yours. You can stop blaming yourself.”
Thomas just stood there, staring at the woman who had caused him so much pain. The woman who had ruined any chance of him finding happiness. He couldn’t forgive her, not yet, but she did seem to sincerely want the chance to fix what she’d done.
“Well, what do I do now? You’re so smart about all this. What do I do?” Thomas threw up his hands, then walked back to the chair and sat down.
“You go in there,” Samantha pointed to the bedroom, and Thomas noticed the door was shut. “You get on your hands and knees, and you beg her to forgive you. You made a mistake. Don’t make her suffer because you’re mad at me.”
“She wouldn’t understand,” Thomas sighed.
“She doesn’t have to. She just needs you to be there for her. Show her that you are the one she can depend on. Don’t be what I made you. Be the man she needs.” Samantha wiped the tears from her eyes.
Thomas stood up and stared at the door.
“I don’t deserve her. She is too kind and too trusting.” Thomas looked at his mother, sadly.
“Not yet, but prove yourself wrong. Be the man she deserves.” Samantha started walking to the front door. “I won’t be coming back. You know what your Demonic Temptation is. It’s up to you to overcome it.”
“Good-bye, mother,” Thomas said solemnly.
“Good-bye, Thomas. I hope you find peace.” Samantha turned and left.
Thomas stood at the bedroom door, gathering his courage. This was going to be bad. She was going to be angry and hurt. He might spend hours trying to calm her down, but his mother had been right. He needed to face this. He wasn’t going to let Cassandra suffer for his mistake. He would take the anger and stay by her side. He would prove to her and himself that he could be trusted.
He opened the door slowly and saw Cassandra sitting on the bed with her legs crossed. She was holding a pillow and looked lost. She looked up at him, and he could see the tears in her eyes.
“You left me,” she said quietly. It was clear that she had been crying.
He braced himself for the anger and hatred he knew he deserved.
“You left me,” she said again.
“I’m sorry. I made a mistake. I was scared. I’m so sorry,” he begged. He sat on the edge of the bed and looked at her.
“I would never leave you. Why did you leave?” She looked so depressed. He had expected anger, possibly hatred, but this was far worse. This was like his nightmare. She wasn’t angry, she was disappointed. He had let her down.
“I’m sorry, Cassandra. I will never leave you again. I just got scared. I was stupid.” Thomas looked at her full of guilt.
Cassandra pushed the pillow to the side and walked on her knees to him. When she reached him, she pulled him onto the bed and curled up next to him. She put her head on his chest, and he wrapped his arms around her.
“Please don’t leave me,” she sobbed.
“Never again,” he assured her.
She had lost progress again, and it was his fault. She was no longer a teenager, she regressed to a child again. If he was ever going to get to know the real Cassandra, he needed to stop making mistakes. Somehow he knew only the real Cassandra could save herself.
“Take off your shirt,” she instructed, and he did as he was told.
She put her face and hands on his chest, and he felt her sigh with relief. She actually did need him, at least physically. She needed to drain energy from him. After a moment, she slid farther up the bed to her spot, and Thomas followed. She turned away from him, and he put his arms around her. Cassandra still seemed scared and lost, but this was still an improvement over the first time he had met her. They hadn’t lost all their progress. Another day maybe two and he might get to meet the real Cassandra.

Chapter 29
Thomas woke in the morning, and Cassandra was gone. He noticed her clothes on the floor. The dress she had been wearing in the mall was lying on her side of the bed. Had she undressed in here before going to the shower? The shower shut off and out came Cassandra, wrapped in a towel. She looked a little more confident and sure of what she was doing.
“Morning,” he said.
“Morning, Thomas,” she replied and went through his dresser to find something to wear.
“Did you undress in here before your shower?” he asked.
She looked over her shoulder and smiled at him deviously.
“Promise you won’t get mad?” she smirked.
How could he be mad at this woman? He had hurt her so much. What right did he have to even consider being mad?
“I promise,” he replied.
“I took them off after you fell asleep,” she cringed in a way that seemed silly to him.
“You slept beside me with no clothes on?” he was astonished and at the same time disappointed. He almost wished he had woken up.
“Actually, on top of you,” she cringed even more, and he couldn’t contain the laugh.
“You slept naked, on top of me, and I didn’t even notice? That about serves me right for leaving you,” Thomas got out of bed.
The appreciative look he got from Cassandra almost knocked him off his feet. He had never seen a look so caring and so full of contentment. What he wouldn’t do to keep her looking at him in that way. Then, without warning, she dropped the towel.
“Let’s have sex now,” she said.
“Woah!” He held up his hands and shut his eyes.
“Don’t you think I’m pretty?” Cassandra asked.
Just great. A perfect moment ruined by the fact that she was still a teenager. He would not allow himself to take advantage of her. When she was a woman, he would find out how she really felt, but this just felt wrong.
“Yes, you’re very pretty,” Thomas replied. He crossed his arms quickly as he realized that holding out his hands to stop a naked woman was about the worst thing he could do. Where would those hands land if she walked forward? Would he have the willpower to stop himself? Probably not.
“Then why won’t you have sex with me?” Cassandra asked, and he could hear her pouting.
“Because you’re not better yet. When you’re better we’ll talk about it, but we need to get you better first,” Thomas explained. He felt silly standing there with his arms crossed and eyes shut. It wouldn’t stop her if she was really determined.
“Fine!” she yelled.
He heard stomping and drawers slamming then the bathroom door slammed shut. She really was a teenager. From the bathroom he heard her shouting.
“My new clothes aren’t here yet, so I’m using yours!” She sounded so cute, angry, but cute. “And you’re gonna kiss me. You owe me. You left me all alone in the mall. You’re gonna kiss me.”
“Yes, Cassandra,” he replied. He couldn’t stop the smile on his face. She was definitely a teenager. He could deal with kissing, at least he hoped so.
Once she was dressed in another tee-shirt and a pair of sweat pants, she joined him in the kitchen. The shirt she had picked out was small, even on him. On her…he couldn’t stop staring. Her midriff was exposed, and the shirt hung from her breasts. She didn’t have a bra at his house yet, and he could tell she was a little excited. She grinned at him deviously when she noticed him staring.
“You like my…shirt,” she winked.
“Yes, it’s very nice.” He forced himself to turn away and gulped. This was going to be a very long day. Just as he thought this, Cassandra spun him back around and threw her arms around his neck. She pulled his face in and kissed him as passionately as she had after the movie. Then she slid her hand across the front of his pants.
“I guess you weren’t lying,” she smirked and turned to find some plates.
“Hey, now, I said kissing for today,” he scolded with a smile.
“That was just a kiss,” she grinned deviously.
He tried to scowl at her but she countered by biting her fingernail seductively and raising her eyebrows.
“Oh, you think you’re being cute.” Thomas took a step toward her, and she put the plates down. She took a tenuous step away from him and grinned.
“I am being cute,” she replied and took another step away from him.
“Oh really,” he said and took two steps toward her. He stopped and waited for her to back up again. He stretched his hands out and acted like he was going to grab her. She took off toward the couch, and he chased her. She laughed loudly as they both landed on the couch. When she turned to him, he put his hands on the back of her neck and pulled her face closer to his. When he kissed her on the nose, she giggled.
“I am cute, right?” she asked more seriously.
“You’re more than cute,” Thomas replied. He leaned in and kissed her. She pulled his body closer and ran her fingers through his hair.
The doorbell rang and they looked at each other disappointed. Suddenly, childish enthusiasm filled her face.
“My clothes!” Cassandra lept from the couch, nearly knocking him over. When she reached the door, the two men stared at the beautiful girl, and Thomas felt jealous.
Both men shifted uncomfortably.
“Is your dad home?” the man asked, hoping.
“My boyfriend is here,” She replied innocently.
Thomas found satisfaction in the look of disappointment on their faces. These were well built men. Men who moved boxes, probably part time as they worked their way through college. Both of them seemed about her age, and the fact that she wasn’t even looking at them filled him with joy. She was very impatiently waiting for the boxes. She had no interest in the men he considered better looking than himself. She just wanted her clothes.
Thomas signed the delivery ticket and watched as the two muscular men carried in box after box. He hadn’t realized how much stuff she had picked out. There were four boxes of shoes alone. The men finished piling the boxes in his kitchen and living room then headed back to the truck.
“There’s one missing,” she sighed at Thomas.
His heart raced. He didn’t really care about the box but the look of disappointment made this matter urgent to him. He rushed out the door and stopped the men. Soon he came back in with the last box. He set it on the floor and Cassandra quickly opened it.
“This is the most important one,” Cassandra looked at him deviously. “Will you let me model my new clothes?” Something about the look on her face told him he should refuse but before he thought it through he nodded. Samantha opened the box after waiting for his response and pulled out a teddy. He saw that the box was filled with lingerie and underwear, many of them see-through.
“Wait. I’m not sure this is such a good idea,” Thomas argued.
“You said you would,” she pouted. “Afraid you’ll want to have sex after all?” She looked at him deviously.
“That’s exactly what I’m afraid of,” he admitted. “You’re not better yet.”
“I’ll make you a deal.” She smiled in a way that told him he would regret it. She seemed to appreciate his honesty, and her look softened.
“What is this deal?” he eyed her cautiously with half a smile.
“I’ll give you a pass on the modeling if you take me to dinner.” The doe eyes returned, but he was glad to let her win this one. Dinner was safe, maybe not from her pursuers, but they would be safe in another way. He would be safe from her relentless innuendo, flirtations, and advances. And she would be safe from what would happen if his resolve faltered.
“What kind of restaurant do you want to go to?” Thomas asked, not exactly telling her yes but her face lit up all the same. She knew he had already agreed.
“Italian. I love Italian food.” She started sifting through the boxes and finally found one containing dresses. Very lovely, fancy dresses. “You go in the living room. I want to surprise you.”
“Dress fancy,” he smirked. “If we’re going out, we’re going to do it right.”
Her face lit up, and she shooed him away before she started hauling boxes to the bedroom. He peeked over his shoulder a few times while he sat and made phone calls. She didn’t take many boxes. Only the few he assumed had the right clothes in them. He was suddenly struck by how small his lake house was. If this was going to go on for very long, he needed a bigger place.
Thomas walked out the back door, feeling a little sad. ‘If this was going to go on.’ How long did he really think this could last? Eventually, in a day, maybe a week, she would be strong enough to stand on her own. On the bright side, she did call him her boyfriend. Maybe he hadn’t completely screwed this up yet. He just didn’t want to get his hopes up. Sure, she needed him now, but she was still a teenager. What would happen when the woman she really was came out? Surely her infatuation with him would fade as she realized how broken he was. There were also many men more attractive than he was. Those two delivery guys were just an example of the kind of man this woman could have. They would have practically killed each other for her affection. Before she said the word boyfriend. That much was apparent.
When it was clear she was done carrying the few boxes she needed, Thomas took the rest and stacked them along the side of the hall. It wasn’t perfect but it did get them out of the way as well as keep them close to where she was changing.
She flung the door open and was shocked to see him in the hall.
“Are you trying to peek?” she asked hopefully.
“No, I was just helping. I moved all the boxes closer to the bedroom.” He replied and was struck by how disappointed she seemed.
She was still wearing the same outfit she had worn earlier. She grabbed his hand and led him into the room. She had hung three dresses on the wall. One was a spaghetti strapped, black dress which looked a little small for her. He imagined how the dress would cling to her perfect figure. The next was a red dress with short sleeves and a plunging neckline. This also looked like it would fit her body tightly and Thomas could feel his temperature rising just thinking about it. The last was a plain white dress with a high neckline and long sleeves.
“Which would you prefer?” She looked at him with anticipation.
Was this a test? If he picked the white one he would surely hurt her feelings but the other two choices would drive him crazy. He liked the red one but the thought of her in the black one was something he couldn’t ignore. For a change he felt like being honest. What harm could it do?
“I like the black one,” he smiled. She threw her arms around him and kissed him on the cheek. “What was that for?”
“I guess you do like my body after all,” she smirked.
“Hey, I never said I didn’t like it,” he argued. He remembered it clearly. He most certainly hadn’t said anything even close to that.
“You won’t look at it though,” she pouted.
“I guess I won’t have much choice if you wear that dress,” he smiled at her, and her pouty expression faded. “And what I said was that I couldn’t look at your body until you were better. Well, pretty much. Not those exact words but something similar.”
“Oh so you’re saying you do want to look at my body?” Cassandra teased. She was getting older, this was a mature woman’s way of teasing. She was almost back to her true age but some hints of the teenager were still apparent.
Again Thomas felt compelled to tell her the truth. Her acting older and his reluctance to tell her a lie, combined into something he had never felt before. He actually wanted to be honest with her. Honest like he had never been with anyone. Tell her exactly what was on his mind, like she did with him.
“Of course, I want to look at your body. I’d have to be stupid or blind to not realize how beautiful you are. I just want to make sure you’re better first. I want to be sure it’s the real you saying these things to me.” Thomas struggled with a way to explain it.
“You don’t want to take advantage of me?” she smirked. She was getting older.
“That’s exactly it. When you say yes, I want to be sure it’s you saying yes. I don’t want you to wake up and realize you’ve made a horrible mistake.” Thomas felt better, telling her the truth was kind of liberating.
“Why Thomas, that’s almost honorable,” she snickered and put one hand to her chest. She was being silly and he found it even more endearing.
“Are you going to pick out my clothes?” he asked, lifting one eyebrow.
“You can’t pick out your own?” she teased.
“I find that women are much better at this kind of thing. Besides, what if I pick a suit that doesn’t go with the dress? You will be the one who’s embarrassed. I won’t even have a clue.” Thomas grinned at her and she walked to his closet.
“This will be fine,” she said as she pulled out a black suit and a white shirt. “Do you have ties?” As she asked she looked in the closet and answered her own question. She pulled out a black tie and hung it over the shirt. “This isn’t going to be too fancy is it?”
“I told you. We’re going to do this right.” Thomas looked at her and watched as her impatience grew.
“Can we go now?” she asked.
“I don’t see why not. Just pack the clothes in the trunk and we’ll change before we go to eat. We can do more shopping if you like,” Thomas offered.
She cringed and looked at him, pleading.
“Can we go to the zoo? I’ve never been to the zoo. Or a movie?” her voice turned up sharply at the end.
“How about both, but you should probably get a different shirt on. Did you see the look on their faces when you opened the door?” Thomas laughed.
“Are you jealous?” she asked, lifting one eyebrow.
“Yes,” he replied. This new honesty felt very good. If he was honest and she wasn’t happy with it, at least he had told her how he felt. The prospect of getting hurt was worrisome, but the thought of not telling her scared him even more.
“Ok,” she smiled. She pulled off the shirt, and Thomas turned around.
“You don’t have to turn around. I don’t mind,” she smiled.
“I mind. I won’t take advantage of you. We’ll see how you feel about it tomorrow. That a deal?” Thomas hoped his admission wouldn’t upset her.
“Well, how can I argue with that,” she replied. She threw on a more conservative shirt and packed their clothes. Thomas called in a reservation then they headed out.
They stopped for lunch, and the rest of the afternoon they had a wonderful time. The movie was a love story that, thankfully, had very little sex in it. Cassandra kept sneaking a kiss once in a while, but Thomas had told her she could that morning, he wasn’t about to go back on his word. Plus, he liked it very much.
After the movie, they hit the zoo. Thomas saw everything new again through her eyes. She was as excited as a child, but her speech and mannerisms told him she was almost a woman again. Tomorrow morning the moment of truth would arrive. He would finally meet the real Cassandra. He desperately hoped she would still like him.
As the evening came, they headed to the restaurant and Cassandra changed in the bathroom. Thomas threw on his suit quickly and waited at the entryway.
“Should I seat you first and your friend can join you?” the waiter asked.
“No, I don’t want to miss this,” Thomas replied and eagerly turned to see Cassandra leaving the bathroom.
He had not been wrong about the dress, but he wasn’t sure it was made for a woman with her figure. It seemed like her curves might bust a seam. This was a dress made for skinny women and Cassandra was anything but. She smiled as she approached him and pushed his chin up to close his mouth.
“I guess that look means you like the dress?” Cassandra laughed.
“It’s not the dress I’m staring at.” Thomas smiled. “It’s a nice dress, but it would be nothing without you in it.”
Thomas turned to the waiter and held out his hand for Cassandra. The waiter was just as mesmerized as Thomas.
“Can we see our table now?” Thomas grinned. He didn’t care about the waiter staring. He had prepared himself for it on the drive here. He doubted there would be many men who weren’t staring. It was something he would have to get used to. She wasn’t about to get less beautiful, and he had no intention of making her hide it. She was a curvaceous woman who didn’t have a problem showing it off.
“Y…yes, sir,” the waiter said as he pulled his eyes from Cassandra. He led them across the dining area, and Thomas gloated the whole way. How many men were envious of him right now? How many women wished they could look like Cassandra? There was nothing fake about her, and the dress showed it off for the world to see.
They sat, and Thomas was handed a menu.
“Can the lady have a menu as well?” he asked. The waiter handed her one and was off to help another guest.
“I have no idea what to pick,” she confessed.
“Well, what do you like?” Thomas asked with a grin.
“There’s so much I want to try.” Cassandra’s eyes stared at the menu with wonder.
“Then we’ll try it all,” Thomas laughed.
“Can we? Will they let us do that?” Cassandra looked embarrassed.
“Do you really think they’re going to turn down money?” Thomas smirked.
“Well, no, but do you really want to spend that much?” Cassandra whispered.
“I told you we were going to do this right,” Thomas replied.
“You don’t have to keep spending money on me. I’m not going anywhere.” She smiled at him sadly.
“I have to get used to the way you are. You are beautiful and very sexual. You are naïve and wonderful. You need to get used to me too. I don’t care about money. It means nothing to me. I make money, I spend money. It isn’t important. What’s important is that you get to experience everything you want to. Whether it is seeing a movie or going to the zoo, trying a bite of everything in an expensive restaurant or buying out the mall. The only thing that matters to me is the look on your face when you try something new.” Thomas looked at her then decided he needed to clarify this further. “I’m not trying to buy you. I’m trying to make you happy.”
“Then we could have just stayed home,” Cassandra said sadly.
Thomas smiled at her and lifted her chin.
“How would you get to pet a llama at home?” he asked with a huge grin.
She smiled back at him, and her look turned lustful again.
“I see that look,” he smirked.
“Is that a bad thing?” she asked, lifting her finger to her mouth. She bit her fingernail, and his attraction to her grew. He was very glad they went out for the day. It was the only thing saving him from doing something he might regret.
“We’ll see if you feel that way tomorrow,” he replied and waved to the waiter.
The waiter arrived and looked at Cassandra curiously. He turned to Thomas.
“Can I get you some wine, sir? I will need to see the lady’s ID,” the waiter said, eyeing her suspiciously.
“I’m only twenty. I’ll just have water,” she smiled. The waiter’s look turned apologetic, and he looked at Thomas.
“I’ll have the same. And could you bring us a sample of everything on the menu,” Thomas said confidently.
“It’s ok, Thomas. I’ll be twenty-one tomorrow. You can have wine. I’ll have some tomorrow,” she smiled at him compassionately.
“We could make an exception,” the waiter winked.
“No, I think we should both keep our heads clear tonight. I, for one, want to make sure I remember every moment of this evening,” Thomas said to her. He handed the waiter a hundred dollar bill. “A sample of all the deserts too please.”
He saw the look of wonder on Cassandra’s face again. It was the reason for everything he did. Anything he had to do to see that look was unimportant compared to the reward.
“So, it’s your birthday tomorrow?” he asked slyly.
“Yes,” she replied, trying to hide her face behind the menu. He pulled the menu from her hands and smiled.
“I don’t think you’ll need that anymore. You’re getting one of everything,” he grinned at her, and she pretended to cringe. “So what do you want for your birthday?”
A devious look came over her face. Soon he was the one cringing.
“I think you know what I want,” Cassandra looked at him lustfully. “I want you to teach me.”
Thomas loosened his tie.
“We’ll see if you still feel the same way tomorrow. What do you want to do? I mean…other than that,” Thomas said apprehensively.
“I want to stay home. Sit on the couch and watch movies with you,” Cassandra said innocently.
“Really?” Thomas asked, surprised.
“Not good enough?” she replied snappishly.
“I just thought it was a strange coincidence, because that’s what I had in mind as well,” he laughed.
Her tension eased, and for the rest of the meal, they joked and laughed. Cassandra tried everything at least once, including every desert. She had a wonderful time and fell asleep on his arm during the ride home. He had taken off his suit jacket and rolled up his sleeve to give her more skin to touch. He really wanted to meet the real Cassandra. The glimpse he saw tonight was a woman he wanted to know. He had never met a more interesting woman. She was beautiful, but that wasn’t what interested him the most. Her view of the world was something he needed. He was old and had done everything there was to do at least once. Seeing her experience these things for the first time made him want to go out and do everything all over again, just to see her reaction.
Soon they pulled into the driveway, and he picked her up gently. She nuzzled against his chest and stirred a little as he carried her inside. Thomas thought about her as he carried her small body. It was strange, but somehow he thought he might be more dependent on her than she was of him. What would he do without her? The world was so full of wonder and happiness with her.
Thomas was pulled from his thoughts as a car pulled up behind his. He quickly rushed inside and put Cassandra on the couch. She woke.
“What’s wrong, Thomas?” she begged.
“Someone is here, and it’s not Samantha,” Thomas ran to the front door and watched a woman get out of the car. He pulled the door back open and stood in the doorway. “Can I help you?” he shouted.
“Yes, you can hand over my daughter!” The woman yelled back. She was tall and had black hair. Her face looked strange and very demonic. She had claws coming from her hands, and the jeans and shirt she wore seemed to stretch as the woman grew larger.
“You can’t have her, Ishtar!” Thomas yelled back.
Thomas shut the door and started searching the kitchen frantically.
“Don’t leave me,” Cassandra begged from the couch.
“I will never leave you again. I’m looking for my sword,” Thomas said confidently.
“She’ll kill you. She’s a demon.” Cassandra pleaded.
“I don’t care. I’m done running. Lucifer can show up too, and I’d still fight for you.” Thomas hit one of the panels next to the front door, and it fell open. “I forgot I put it in here. It’s been years since I used it. I just hope I still remember how.” He smiled at Cassandra.
“Please, be careful.” Cassandra stood up and ran to the bedroom. Thomas wasn’t sure what she was doing, but Ishtar couldn’t wait. He opened the door and walked out. Ishtar was standing in the middle of the driveway, waiting.
“I see you’re stupid.” Ishtar was now a full demon, hideous and terrifying.
“I’m not stupid. I’m in love,” Thomas spat back, and the admission caught him off guard. Had he really said that? Did he mean it?
“The same thing,” Ishtar spat at him, then charged. Thomas swung his sword, and it bounced off her arm like it was made of foam. He swung again, it hit her neck and sparked. She caught his arm on the third swing and pulled him up to her height. She must have been eight feet tall now and much larger than he was.
Cassandra ran from the house. She was back in her jeans and tee-shirt with no shoes on.
“I didn’t want to ruin that dress,” she laughed. Thomas looked at her, confused.
Cassandra walked up to her mother, and Ishtar tossed Thomas aside.
“At least your smarter than him,” Ishtar said and grabbed Cassandra’s arm. To her surprise, Cassandra didn’t budge. She pulled again, and Cassandra pulled back. Ishtar was knocked off her feet and slid, face first, in the dirt.
“He said he’d stay with me. You will not take that away!” Cassandra walked over to her mother, and Thomas watched his beautiful Cassandra turn into a demon like Ishtar. Her hair was still red, and it was still her, but the power she had was frightening.
Cassandra picked up her mother and hit her in the face. Ishtar flew backward, smashing into a tree. Ishtar struggled to get to her feet, but Cassandra was on her before she could get up. Cassandra picked her up by the throat and looked into her eyes.
“I’ll kill him eventually, and there’s nothing you can to do stop me,” Ishtar warned.
“That’s where you’re wrong, mother,” Cassandra replied almost sadly.
A black energy started to drain from Ishtar into Cassandra. Ishtar screamed and struggled to escape, but Cassandra was far stronger than she was. Soon Ishtar’s screams died down, and all that was left of her was a pile of ash on the ground.
Cassandra collapsed on the ground beside the pile of ash, and her body returned to normal. Her shirt was torn and stretched, and her jeans were shreds, barely clinging to her small frame. Thomas scooped her up and took her inside.
After they were both inside, Lucifer walked toward Ishtar’s car. Samantha walked behind him.
“It’s a shame he tainted her. She would have been perfect,” Lucifer mused.
“There’s always the other one,” Samantha added.
“Find the other one!” Lucifer yelled, then got in Ishtar’s car.
Samantha leaned in the open window.
“What will you do, kill me?” Samantha teased.
“No, I’ll kill them.” He pointed to the house. “Then I’ll kill Kelly and Hailey.” He stopped speaking to watch the fear in her eyes. “And I’ll make you watch it all. It will be slow, and they will beg to die, but I won’t let it end. Not until you are the one begging me to kill them. Shall I go on?” he growled.
“I’ll find her. It may take time, but I will find the other one,” Samantha replied, full of fear.
Lucifer took off in Ishtar’s car, and Samantha walked down the road slowly. As soon as Lucifer’s tail lights were in the distance, Sarah joined her mother.
“Will you tell me who she is now? All my children are in danger. He will kill them. He doesn’t make idle threats,” Samantha begged.
“I don’t think I can trust you yet. A few more and maybe I’ll tell you. Just tell him you are getting closer. Keep him hanging on for a little while longer. She’s not ready for him yet, but soon,” Sarah said as she looked back at Thomas’s house. “Do you think they will be ok?”
“I explained everything to Cassandra. She knows what she is and what Thomas is. It’s up to him. If he can handle her.” Samantha walked on, and Sarah caught up.
“So help me, if he messes this up. I’m going to kill him myself,” Sarah said angrily.
“Have faith. She will convince him,” Samantha laughed. “You heard what he said. He just has to realize that he really does love her.”

Chapter 30
Thomas woke in the morning, and Cassandra was in the shower again. He smiled as he thought about last night. She never did wake up, but he held her tightly and kept her safe through the night. He laughed at himself. He didn’t keep her safe. She saved his life. All he did was make sure he was touching her skin while she slept. He even removed his shirt, so after he fell asleep, she would be sure to have skin to touch. He wanted to make sure the real Cassandra was here today.
Cassandra walked out in a towel again and smiled at him.
“Morning, Thomas,” she said. He could already tell there was something different about her.
“Morning,” he replied.
She walked into the hall and got some clothes out of the boxes then returned to the bathroom to dress. He was a little disappointed she hadn’t tried to change in front of him again.
Soon she came out of the bathroom with tight jeans on and a very feminine tee-shirt. It had a low-cut V-neck, and it fit her body much better than any of his shirts. The jeans also fit her curves perfectly.
“What do you think?” she asked and did a twirl.
“I think those clothes might give the dress a run for its money,” Thomas smirked, and she looked embarrassed. She tossed her hair and looked at him strangely. It wasn’t lustful, but there was a seductive quality to it. There was just something else there he couldn’t put his finger on. “Happy Birthday,” he said with a smile.
She smiled back, and the embarrassment grew stronger. She hid her face, and he could hear her muffled voice.
“Thank you,” she said, then uncovered her face.
“Why are you embarrassed?” he asked.
“I don’t know. It’s all just so strange. Last night was wonderful. Well until…” She stopped and looked at him, worried.
“Until your mother showed up and kicked my ass. Is that what you were going to say? Your mother kicked my ass. I’m a wuss, but at least I tried.” He shrugged his shoulders.
“You saw who I really was last night,” she walked over and sat on the bed. “Aren’t you scared of me?”
“Why would I be scared of you? You saved me. I mean, that side of you isn’t quite as pretty as this side, but it’s still you. I’m not scared.” Thomas brushed her beautiful red hair out of her face so he could see her smile.
“That’s the real me. This is just a disguise.” She looked down, and the fear she tried to hide came through.
“Do you really think I’d leave because of that? And it’s not the real you. This is the real you.” Thomas stuck out his hand. She looked at him strangely then shook his hand. “Hi, I’m Thomas. I’m glad to finally meet the real Cassandra.” He smiled, and she smiled back. He was surprised at how much he got from just her smile.
She looked at him in that strange way again, and he still couldn’t figure out what it meant.
“It’s my birthday, so you have to do what I say, right?” she asked with a devious smile.
“Yep.” Now he was worried. What if she asked for sex again? Would he tell her no? Should he?
She waited until it looked like Thomas was going to burst with curiosity then blurted it out.
“I want pancakes for breakfast, blueberry pancakes,” she lept from the bed and ran barefoot to the kitchen.
If this was the real Cassandra, he was in for a hell of a ride. She was part the lost little girl who needed him so much, part the horny teenager who could only think about sex, but mostly a beautiful woman he couldn’t stand to disappoint. It didn’t matter if it was pancakes or a building, he would give her anything to keep her smiling.
Thomas thought about putting a shirt on but decided against it. He needed to see what she was really like. If she was all over him for sex, then he would deal with it. It was breakfast, he’d get dressed after he was done cooking.
He walked into the kitchen, and she was leaning against the counter. She had that familiar funny look on her face, then she bit her bottom lip. She slid to the side and behind her was all the stuff to make pancakes.
“I helped,” she cringed.
“Thank you,” he replied.
She walked over and kissed him on the cheek. This was strange to him as well. What was going on?
While he made pancakes, she stood behind him and put her arms around his waist. She peeked out from behind his shoulders once in a while, but mostly she just laid her head on his back and hugged him. It felt wonderful and comforting.
When they sat down to eat their blueberry pancakes, she scooted up next to him and put her hand on his leg. He also thought this was strange. He was wearing pants. She wasn’t touching his skin, how was this helping her?
“I know what you are,” she said after swallowing her first bite. “And these are really good.” She smiled at him, the perfect reward for all his effort.
“You do?” he asked.
“Samantha explained everything to me when you left me at the mall.” She turned and gave him a dirty look. It softened quickly, and she went on. “I’m a very powerful succubus, like she is. And you are half angel, an Asuune.” She looked at him.
“You’re also part angel,” he added.
“Yes, which is what makes me so strong,” she continued. “Lucifer wanted me to have his child to make sure it was very powerful, then he was going to lock me away.” She seemed saddened by it, but the happiness returned quickly. “But that isn’t a problem anymore.”
“What? Why did he change his mind?” Thomas realized something must have happened. Lucifer had her at the mall. He must have changed his mind, but why? He had just been too afraid to bring it up before.
“He said you ruined me,” she said then quickly filled her mouth. She grinned at him with her mouth full.
“How did I ruin you?” Thomas watched and waited for her to chew her food. She gave him the strange look again then put another bite in her mouth. “You’re not going to tell me, are you?” he smiled.
She shook her head no and ate another bite.
“Well, fine. When you’re ready, you’ll tell me,” he laughed and ate another bite himself.
When they were finished, he went and took a shower then joined her on the couch. She was already flipping through the channels until she found a show she wanted to see. This one Thomas was familiar with. It was a very sappy love story, but this one had no sex scenes, at least. Strangely he found it disappointing. The new Cassandra, the real one, wasn’t very sexual. She had barely flirted with him at all. She was fond of touching, just like the old one, but her touch was different.
She laid down on his lap and curled up. He put his hand on her arm, and she grabbed it. She held on to it while they watched the show. When the show was over, she turned and looked up at him.
“Do you want to know how you ruined me?” she smiled. She looked a little embarrassed again.
“Yes,” he replied.
“I fell in love with you.” She hid her face with her hands and peeked out through her fingers.
“Do you know why I stayed to fight your mother, even though I knew I was going to lose?” he asked, grinning at her. She was so cute, staring up at him through her fingers. He knew he needed to tell her.
“No, why did you try to commit suicide?” she asked with a laugh.
“Because I fell in love with you too.” He lifted her head up, and she sat beside him. He leaned in and kissed her. This was a different kiss than they had shared before. This one was tender and caring. There was passion and lust, but it was tempered.
“It’s my birthday. Would you teach me how to have sex?” she asked.
“No,” he started, and her face fell. “But I will make love to you.”
She stood up and pulled him to the bedroom. They stood beside the bed, and she started to pull her shirt off. He grabbed her hands.
“I said we’re going to make love. This isn’t just sex. There’s no rush.” He slid his hand across her shoulder and leaned in to kiss her neck. She sighed and grabbed his hair while he made his way to her earlobe and nibbled on it.
Thomas slid his hand under the back of her shirt, and she moaned as his other hand brushed the hair from her neck. She leaned forward, and he kissed the back of her neck, occasionally sucking just enough to hear her sigh. He eased her shirt over her head and let his hands caress her breasts on the way down. She helped him with his shirt and kissed up his stomach, through the middle of his chest, until the shirt was over his head then she kissed him on the lips. This kiss was more forceful, like the other day on the couch.
Things started picking up, and he kissed his way down between her breasts and knelt. Thomas kissed her abdomen lightly, just below her belly button then put a hand in the small of her back and pulled her closer while he undid her pants. He could hear her breath quicken as he kissed his way down and lowered the zipper. This caused her to breathe more quickly, encouraging him onward. She pulled him up by his hair, and he obediently followed her lead. Whatever she wanted, he would give her. In truth, he doubted she needed any training at all. Cassandra seemed to know what she wanted.
She kissed him again while she wiggled her hips, and the pants fell to her ankles. Thomas put one thumb on each side of the new, lacy panties she had picked out just for this occasion then slowly slid them down her legs while he again kissed his way down. He hovered in the area he desperately wanted to kiss, but she still had her hands in his hair, so she forced him back up. She wanted her turn, and he wasn’t about to get in her way. She undid his pants and slid them down as she knelt. On the way up she put him in her mouth, and he moaned loudly. She looked up at him, deviously as she stopped.
“This isn’t what you want. Not right now, at least,” she said then kissed her way back up to meet his lips. She threw her arms around his neck, and he lifted her into his arms. Her pants and lacy underwear fell easily to the floor then she wrapped her legs around his hips. As he pushed her back against the wall he marveled at the loud sigh she couldn’t contain when he entered her. After stopping a moment to catch his breath, he started the rhythmic motion that caused her sighs to grow louder.
“Yes,” she said with a breathy voice, urging him on.
She knew exactly what to say and what to do. It was like she was reading his mind.
He thrust into her hard, and again, she cried out. “Yes!”
Thomas backed away from the wall and lifted her small body by her hips, moving her body instead of his. She used all her muscles to help him, and soon, she was doing most of the work. Thomas stumbled and fell backward onto the bed. She laughed and pushed herself upright then slid herself up and down slowly at first, then picked up speed, only to slow once again. She was reading his mind or something very similar to it. She knew exactly what felt good to him. He just hoped she was feeling the same level of pleasure.
Thomas was getting light-headed, and Cassandra got more forceful. She moved more forcefully on top of him, over and over, faster and faster. Just as he felt the pressure build to an uncontainable high, she slowed her movement and kissed him. Her tongue wrestled with his, and he didn’t know which sensation to focus on. He could feel the pressure building, but the kiss was so enticing. She knew he was almost at the edge, and she wanted it to last. Cassandra slowed further while she kissed him, and Thomas could barely think. Inch by inch, he drew closer and closer. Then he felt her breathe heavily as she kissed him and pulled herself away. She threw her head back, unable to stand the pleasurable torture any longer, and yelled. “YES!”
She dug her fingernails into his chest, and her legs tightened. Her body stiffened just as he couldn’t control it any longer. He pushed up into her, and she screamed again. “YES!” She shook almost violently, and after several moments of blinding ecstasy, she collapsed on his chest. After she caught her breath, she slid her legs out straight. She put her face on his chest, and he could feel her labored breathing. They were still joined, but she didn’t seem willing to move. He put his arms around her and hugged her.
“I love you, Cassandra,” he said quietly.
“I know, and I love you too,” she replied. She could feel what he felt. When they touched, she knew exactly what he was feeling, and what he wanted.
“Was that good for you? It was your first time. Was that what you expected?” he asked, apprehensively.
“No,” she replied. “I didn’t know I would feel what you felt. I’m sorry for you.”
“Why?” he asked.
“What you felt was nothing like what I did,” she giggled.
He felt envious and proud at the same time. She laughed loudly again.
“Don’t go getting cocky. I think it could still get better. For a man that thinks he knows everything about sex, you have a thing or two to learn about pleasing a woman.” She leaned up and propped her head on her hands. She looked down at him and he saw the strange look once more. Finally, he got it. The look was love.
“Yes, Thomas, that’s love,” she agreed then kissed him.

Chapter 31
Thomas pulled up to the lake house and noticed the strange car. He had gone to town to get some supplies and groceries. This house was too small, and Cassandra had agreed to move into one of his bigger houses a few hundred miles away. The red sports car couldn’t have belonged to Samantha, his mother. She drove a sedan. Ishtar was dead, and her car had just vanished, it was also black. Who else even knew where they were?
Thomas walked into the house apprehensively, and Cassandra rushed to meet him. His arms were full, and she nearly knocked everything out of his grip when she pulled his arm toward the living room.
“You have to come meet my friend from the hospital,” Cassandra said, very excited.
He put everything down by the doorway and saw someone sitting on the couch with red hair. His pulse quickened as fear gripped him. When she turned, he almost knocked Cassandra over to get in front of her.
“I won’t let you hurt her!” he yelled at his sister.
“Now why would I hurt Cassandra?” Sarah asked.
“Why are you being so strange, Thomas?” Cassandra asked. “This is Sarah, my friend. She has visited me every week since I was put in that horrible place. Sometimes I think she is the one who kept me as sane as I was.” She turned to Sarah, who was standing up now. “I still hum that song whenever I feel scared. It helps.”
Sarah smiled at her and walked closer to them.
“My brother used to hum it to me when I was little. I had trouble sleeping, and it helped.” Sarah looked at Thomas. “Isn’t that right?”
Thomas looked at her, and the fear gave way to confusion.
“Cassandra, this is my sister,” he said. How could he have missed this? It was right in front of him the whole time. His little sister was behind all of it.
“You didn’t tell me you had a brother,” she scolded Sarah. Then she eyed Thomas lustfully. “A cute one, too.”
“I was making sure he was good enough for you first,” Sarah teased. Cassandra hugged Sarah, and Thomas stood there dumbfounded. All this time and effort staying ahead of Ceralin and she was finding him a girlfriend. “So, you’re moving?”
“This place is too small,” he replied.
“I have a lot of stuff,” Cassandra laughed.
Sarah started to the door.
Cassandra gave her one last hug then Sarah turned to hug Thomas.
“No more running, brother,” she whispered. “If you hurt her, it will be the last thing you do.”
He smiled at her and held the door. He had no intention of ever leaving Cassandra again, and despite Sarah’s threat, he was glad Cassandra had one more person looking out for her.
“I’ll send you the address so you can come check on us,” Cassandra said as Sarah left. She turned to Thomas. “What did she whisper?”
“She warned me not to hurt you. She cares about you a lot.” Thomas put his arm around Cassandra’s waist and led her back to the bedroom to start packing.
Sarah walked from Thomas’s Lakehouse to her car slowly. This one went fairly well, considering her history with Thomas, but they were only getting more difficult. She got in her car and Samantha was in the passenger seat.
“How did Thomas not notice you?” Sarah asked curiously.
“I know how to hide,” she smirked. “Where are we off to next?”
“South Dakota,” Sarah replied with a smile.
“What the hell could be in South Dakota?” Samantha balked.
“You’re close,” Sarah grinned and floored it. Her car left a cloud of smoke, and soon they were on the highway.

Epilogue
Sarah drove up to the Gregor Shipping main office in Eikle City South Dakota and parked along the street. Samantha’s eyes widened as she realized where they were.
“You can’t possibly expect me to go in there,” Samantha cowered.
“You, no. But this is where your next two subjects will be working. As soon as we convince them.” Sarah pulled out and drove three blocks down.
Samantha still hadn’t said a word. Just being in proximity to the building was enough to terrify her.
“Here is where you will be working. I’ve rented you an office on the third floor. You will be a therapist for the NSA.” Sarah waited as Samantha looked at the building then looked back at her.
“Are you serious? I’m going to be a therapist for the NSA, three blocks from one of Lucifer’s companies?” Samantha couldn’t believe how far Sarah was willing to push this. She understood the reasons behind the test, but this was insanity. It would be like slapping Lucifer in the face and expecting him to smile.
“Do you really think he cares that much about Alexander’s blood shipping operation? Sure, it provides him with a lot of money, but this is Lucifer. He doesn’t care about money.” Sarah leaned over Samantha and opened the door for her to get out.
“You’re just leaving me here?” Samantha knew Sarah didn’t trust her, but this seemed like a punishment.
“You’ll be fine, mother. Samantha Lujuria is all set up. Your secretary has all of your information. You have an apartment, a car and she even has money for you.” Sarah waited for Samantha’s shock to subside. “Oh, and don’t abuse the secretary. Find your snacks somewhere else.”
“I won’t. That would be awkward, to say the least.” Samantha got out and stood there looking at the building she would soon occupy. This was a horribly stupid idea. Lucifer would know. Sarah took off, and Samantha just stood there looking at the door.
A firm hand grabbed her arm, and she spun to find Lucifer’s face staring at her.
“Let’s take a walk. We have things to discuss,” he ordered. He didn’t say a word the whole way to Gregor Shipping and stood silently in the elevator as it climbed to the top floor. Once they were inside the only office on the floor, he spoke.
“Hang your coat on the rack please,” Lucifer instructed and walked to the desk. She heard him pick something up as she turned and started taking off her coat.
She took off the coat that went to her knees and hung it on the rack beside the door. Suddenly she felt intense pain between her shoulder blades. She tried to reach back to feel what was causing it, but her arms felt limp. They wouldn’t rise above her shoulders, then they fell to her sides. Her legs started to get the same weak feeling, and she was soon face down on the carpet.
“I think we got off on the wrong foot earlier. I see threatening your children was the wrong move. You care far more about yourself.” She could hear his voice, but all she could see was his shoes. He had somehow made it to her without her even noticing and gotten behind her. What was happening? She could feel her arms and legs, but they wouldn’t move. She couldn’t even move her head. Had he drugged her?
“The human body is a wonderful thing. There are so many nerves controlling your muscles. I personally would have designed it differently, but father always thought frailty was necessary to build character.” Lucifer stood in front of her face and crouched down to see her. She could see his face but just barely.
“I may not be able to kill you, but there are a lot of things worse than death.” Lucifer stood, and she heard a sword being unsheathed. “Did you know your kidneys have many useless pain receptors? Some women claim a kidney stone is as painful as giving birth.”
Samantha screamed as sharp pain shot through her body. Lucifer had plunged the sword into her right kidney.
“I know you heal very quickly, so I’ll leave that in there. Along with the knife that keeps you from moving. Having such a detailed knowledge of human anatomy can come in quite handy. I was able to sever the nerve that controls your arms and legs and completely miss the one that sends pain impulses to your brain.” Lucifer laughed cruelly.
Samantha heard another sword being unsheathed and saw the scabbard bounce across the floor in front of her face. She screamed again as Lucifer plunged the second sword through her left kidney.
“As fun as this is, I think I should get to the point.” Lucifer walked in front of her and crouched again. He had a six-inch dagger in his hand. He held the point in front of Samantha’s eye. “I know you are working with Sarah. You will tell me everything you know and what you are working on.”
“I’m not sure what you…” Samantha started, then pain shot from her right leg. Excruciating pain that nearly blinded her.
“Did you know that other people consider the procedure to extract bone marrow as even more painful than a kidney stone? I think I cracked the femur in your right leg. I get so angry some times that I don’t even know my own strength.” He paused for a moment, and Samantha whimpered.
“Please, I’ll tell you what I know,” she begged. She felt intense pain in her right leg again as he pulled out the dagger.
“Sorry, I did shatter your femur. Hope that heals quickly. Would be hard to walk back to your office if it didn’t.” He crouched in front of her again.
“We’re looking for the special girl. The one like Cassandra. Sarah doesn’t trust me. She keeps sending me on tests to prove my loyalty. I think these have something to do with her though, the girl. They all lead to her in some way, I’m sure of it.” Samantha clenched her teeth as the pain throbbed in her leg. It was repairing itself, but it was nearly as painful as the damage Lucifer had done.
“You do heal fast. That is amazing,” he mused. “Let’s try it again.”
Sharp pain shot through her left leg as Lucifer jammed the dagger through her femur then pulled it out quickly.
“I’m telling you the truth!” she screamed.
“I believe you,” Lucifer said crouching in front of her again. She felt a strange relief as Lucifer removed the dagger from her back. Her legs and arms quickly started to regain mobility. Sharp pain assaulted her again, and she screamed while Lucifer removed the two swords from her kidneys.
“It’s a good thing you brought a jacket. You’re a mess,” Lucifer grinned from his seat while Samantha tried to get to her feet. She hadn’t even realized he’d left her side. He was incredibly fast.
“What do you want me to do?” she asked wearily.
“Keep working with Sarah. Do everything she asks but tell me what she’s up to. The moment you find out who the girl is, tell me. I don’t want anyone ruining her this time. She will be mine!” Lucifer slammed his fist on the table, and it cracked down the middle. It didn’t fall apart, but the crack was very visible. “Alexander is going to need a new desk,” he said, almost playfully.
“I think she plans to do something to this company. I’m not sure what or how yet but I have a bad feeling.” Samantha offered this in hopes of some leniency.
“See, we can work together. You just needed the right motivation. And I could care less about this company. There are much more important things at stake. Alexander won’t be happy, but who cares? He can find blood somewhere else.” Lucifer looked lost in thought for a moment then a cruel clarity came over him. “I should get Constance to run the company. That’s perfect. Alexander is loyal but not very resourceful. It’s best not to let Sarah win without a fight. She would suspect something. Yes, you’ve been quite helpful, Samantha. We should do this again sometime.” He grinned at her evilly. “You may go.”
She didn’t wait for him to change his mind. She grabbed her coat and pulled it around her tightly to cover the blood stains on her shirt. There was nothing she could do about her legs right now. She needed to find a bathroom to wipe off the blood but leaving this place took priority.
Before the elevator doors closed, Lucifer was at them holding them open. This time she swore she heard something as he appeared at the door. It was like a rush of wind out of nowhere.
“Oh, I almost forgot. I want weekly updates.” He handed her a phone, then he was gone. She didn’t know where he had disappeared to and didn’t care. She just needed out of this building as fast as possible.
As Samantha left Gregor Shipping, her phone rang. At first, she thought it was Lucifer’s phone, but relief filled her as she realized it was hers. When she looked down at the screen, she was again filled with apprehension. The name read ‘Lisa’ and Samantha’s chest constricted. She wasn’t sure she wanted to answer it. What if Lisa was calling to tell her off? Her hands shook as she picked up the phone and hit answer.
“Hello,” Samantha said, trying to calm her shaking voice.
“Dr. Lujuria?” Lisa asked.
Samantha’s stomach sank, but she put on a brave voice.
“Yes, Lisa. It’s me,” she replied.
“Umm…I’m not sure how to do this. I’m not really sure what to say.” Lisa sounded almost as nervous as Samantha felt.
“That’s ok dear. I won’t be upset. Just tell me how you feel.” Samantha swallowed hard. She didn’t want to hear this, but it was for Lisa, she would do it.
“I don’t think you understand. Dr. Lujuria…Mom? Can we talk?” Lisa sounded like she might start crying.
“I’m here for whatever you need, darling.” A tear fell from Samantha’s eye as she tried to steady her voice.
“I’d like to sit down for lunch or something. If you have time,” Lisa said, her voice shaking.
“That would be perfect. I’ll be there tomorrow.” Samantha could feel more tears ready to join the one that made its way down her cheek.
“Thank you. See you tomorrow,” Lisa said, then hung up.
Samantha hung up, then hit her speed dial. After a few rings, Sarah answered. Sarah sat on Mark’s lap in a modest motel room. Mark stayed silent while Sarah spoke.
“Hello?” Sarah asked.
“Sarah. I need to get back to Caveat by tomorrow. Lisa wants to talk to me.” The excitement in her voice was evident.
“Go to the airport and tell them you work for Sarah Albet. They will get you there by morning,” Sarah replied calmly.
“Thank you, dear. You have no idea what this means to me. Thank you!” Samantha’s excitement rose.
“You’re welcome, mother. Have a nice trip but please be back in a few days. Annabel and Mason will need your help.” Sarah put down the phone and turned to Mark. “It took a long time, but I think she is finally ready to start acting like a mother.” Sarah smiled down at her husband, and he returned her loving gaze.
“You ever going to tell Kelly the whole truth?” Mark asked.
“Nope,” Sarah replied curtly. “How would that help anyone? Telling Kelly that I forced Lilith to give her up doesn’t help Kelly. What would be the point?”
“You would have made a great mother,” Mark commented.
“I have enough trouble keeping my siblings happy, and then there was Kathrine. Sheesh, she was a handful,” Sarah laughed as she got up and walked into the small bedroom.
Mark followed behind her, not believing a word. This was what Sarah lived for. Helping her siblings meant everything to her. And yes, then there was Kathrine. Sarah couldn’t even say her name without a hint of sadness and a great deal of pride. Sarah may not have given birth to Kathrine, but she was as much a mother to her as Jennifer was. Kathrine had always said she had two moms. Perhaps it was closer to the truth than Mark ever realized.
----

The next book in the Demonic Temptations series, Demon Conscripted, will be on its way eventually. The story and groundwork are already there, and as soon as my current projects are finished, I’ll get back to this one.

If you enjoy my work, please leave me a review. Indie authors, like myself, need reviews to keep doing what we do. I appreciate the feedback and enjoy hearing from my readers, whether it be compliments, suggestions, or criticisms.
Want to know when my new books are coming out? Sign up for my mailing list to receive a head’s up when my books will go live.
I'm looking for a few reviewers.
Interested in receiving free books for an honest review with no commitment? You will receive copies of my new books for free but only review the ones you want to review. If this sounds like something you would be interested in, sign up for my mailing list and enter REVIEW as your name.
You can also check me out on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/StevenSterupJrAuthor/ or on my website at www.StevenSterupJr.com.

MOUS Investigations Series
Cassy Mousman and Zach Nielson each grew up with their adoptive parents, knowing nothing about each other nor why, as adults, they are inexplicably linked. The murder of Cassy’s father causes her to trick Zach into becoming her unwitting partner in her search to find out what they really are. She knows they are not human, but nothing in her father’s books can explain her unusual abilities nor why countless orphans were deposited on human doorsteps the same day she was.
Perhaps with Zach’s help, she can finally discover what they really are and why everything seems to revolve around the unassuming accountant, Zach. In the meantime, all she can do is help the supernaturals like her father had and piece together the clues to this puzzle.

    
  
Case of the Docile Dhampir Book 1
The Ghoul from Galveston Book 2
Deceptive Dragons and Duplicitous Sisters Book 3
A Wendigo in Wisconsin Book 4
Ogres in Oakland, Oh My! Book 5

The 21st Curse Collection
The 21st Curse is not a standard series, but rather a collection of stories about werewolves and witches.
The lives of witches and werewolves are entwined in an age old curse. The witches need the werewolves to protect them and the werewolves need witches to salvage their sanity.
A book handed down for generations spells out the terms of their contract in a way that none with the curse can deny.
At the twenty-first hour on the twenty-first day of the twenty-first year, a child will become a beast. Such is the legend that is handed down, mother to son and father to daughter. On that fateful day, a choice must be made. One of consequence and importance. For on that day, a child who has transformed must choose between the evil of the curse and the responsibility of protecting their chosen. For no creature is as feared as the werewolf. A creature without conscience nor fear. It will feed on whoever is unlucky enough to cross its path or protect its charge until it ceases to draw breath.

  
The 21st Curse Book 1
The 21st Day Book 2


Asuune Series
Angels and vampires are real. In the world of the Asuune, half angel and half human, there is a secret war that has been going on for as long as man has walked the earth. Unbeknownst to Kathrine, her father is one of the war's soldiers, but what is even more surprising is that she is the war's only hope. Follow the life of Kathrine Albet and her father, Mark, as they fight the evil of fallen angels and vampires to save humanity. It would all be much easier if each Asuune didn't have one true love they couldn't ignore. Fighting the forces of evil may be hard, but resisting your true love is all but impossible.

  
Curse of the Asuune Book 1
Deception of the Asuune Book 2 (Conclusion)


Demonic Temptations
Samantha Lujuria is a therapist who specializes in disorders she calls Demonic Temptations. The desires that everyone harbors that are so distasteful or embarrassing that we can't even admit them to ourselves. Follow her as she tries to use her expertise to help half-demon offspring. Because for a demon, love is the biggest taboo of them all.
Set in the world of the Asuune several years after the events of Deception of the Asuune. Join Samantha as she gets help from many of your favorite characters from the Asuune series in her quest to keep half-demon offspring from destroying their lives as well as the people around them.


Demonic Temptations - Incubus Tormented Book 1

Lascaria Series
In the world of Lascaria, the evil king Lascar rules his kingdom through fear and intimidation. His magic is without equal. The worst part is that he grows stronger every year. No one can stand up to a man that is over 1,000 years old until his grandson Dhrel is born. Explore the world of Lascaria alongside Dhrel as he works to become the man everyone thinks he is.

    
  

Lascaria - Evil Reborn Book 1
Lascaria – Sins of the Ancestors Book 2
Lascaria – The Prisoner Queen Book 3
Lascaria – The Legend of Lascar Book 4
Lascaria – The Shadow King Book 5 (Conclusion)

Morven’s Legacy
Evil demons are trying to make their way into the world, and only the descendants of Morven have a chance at stopping them.
Christopher Morven is over three hundred years old and tired of fighting to keep the demons at bay. The magic that kept him alive has taken its toll, but finally, after all these years, he sees hope in his two granddaughters. They aren't ready, but they are very powerful. If anyone can bring this to an end, it will be them. They can succeed where he has failed, but they will need help.

  
The Fire Maiden’s Desire
To Seduce a Sorceress

Raven
Fawn, although most people know her by her code name Raven, is one of the best assassins in the world. When she takes on a very lucrative job to kidnap, then kill the prince, she realizes that the bumbling fool isn’t the cruel womanizer she’s been led to believe. She thought assassins were deceptive, nobles and Royals are worse. Can she find her way through this web of lies before it is too late? Despite his roguish charm and possible innocence, she has a job to do, and Raven always kills her mark.

  

Raven’s Embrace Book 1
Raven’s Gamble Book 2 (Conclusion)

The Order of Human Purity
The books in this category are not intended as a series. They are grouped together because they all happen within the same universe where The Order of Human Purity (known simply as 'The Order') is trying to rid the world of monsters.
They are written with the intention of making them similar but completely separate stories. There are no cliffhangers or continuations. The only things these books have in common are the world they take place in, The Order and the mischievous, immortal wraith Miraven who is neither good nor evil. She is simply bored of her immortal life and to spice things up she likes to toy with the lives of others, or so she would have everyone believe.

  
Kiss of the Lamia Book 1
Werewolf Bane Book 2


The Alpha Predator

When Adam Lance witnesses the attempted murder of a man, he becomes the only known witness to a serial killer who has gone unchecked for nearly five years. Special Detective Cheryl Torren soon realizes that Adam might be the one person who can help her catch the killer. With Adam's help, Cheryl finds out that the person they are hunting isn't a serial killer after all. The killer is a vigilante who only targets predators and soon gains the nickname 'The Alpha Predator'. Despite Adam's reluctance to catch this killer, it's still their job, and with his help, Cheryl might finally put an end to the killing spree, that is, if the killer doesn't find them first.


Auctor – Vengeful Intent

Disclaimer: This book contains a considerable amount of violence and dark emotions.
When Kaya Nichols' step-sister turns up dead, the apparent victim of a mugging, Kaya leaves behind her job as a foreign journalist to find out what really happened to her step-sister. At least that is the job everyone thinks she has. In reality, she is a fixer for a variety of powerful European mobs.
The men who killed her step-sister, Trish, think they've handled the problem until Kaya arrives back in the United States for her sister's funeral. Kaya isn't willing to let a single man responsible for her step-sister's death escape justice, even if it kills her in the process. She is a woman who has lost everything, so nothing matters other than revenge.
Explore the nightmare that has become Kaya's life as she tries to work through her anger and grief. And, as if, Trish's death wasn't enough. The man who ruined her life, her step-sister's husband, is a constant reminder of what she has lost and the secret she dares not tell anyone.


Immortal Consequences

When Kal Johnson, an immortal gargoyle, is attacked by an ancient vampire and framed for the murder of a human, his quiet life is thrown into chaos. But the universe, with its perverse sense of humor, has decided that now would be the perfect time for the punch line. Kal’s human wife, Brianna, has done the impossible. She is the first human in history to become pregnant with a gargoyle’s child.
This vampire is stronger and more cunning than any he has fought. The wife he adores and the child he never hoped for, give Kal something he has never had before, a weakness. Can Kal stop this ancient vampire before it takes everyone he loves? Taking his wife and child might accomplish what no vampire has ever been able to do. It might be enough to defeat the immortal Kal.



