INDIA BONES
and the Ship of the Dead

By Set Sytes
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual pirates, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

Copyright © 2017 by Set Sytes

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or used in any manner without written permission of the copyright owner except for the use of quotations in a book review. For more information, address: set@setyoursytes.com.

First eBook edition 2017
First paperback edition 2021

Cover design by BetiBup33

www.setyoursytes.com
They Come to Dance


‘I can’t sir.’
‘Can’t what, lad?’
‘Can’t drink any more.’
‘Nonsense m’boy! Why, why there’s half the bottle left!’
‘I’m fogged sir. More than that. I’m near half steamed.’
‘And? And, boy?’
India coughed wetly and leaned forward. Mr Bassard gave him the bottle and India unsteadily poured another splash of grog into his cup.
‘Aye,’ India said, raising the cup for another burning sip.
‘Good lad.’ Mr Bassard took a deep draught and harrumphed, his big, bushy face beetroot red. He stomped his boots on the wooden floor and shook his head fiercely, making an indistinguishable animal noise.
India sipped again and watched as Mr Bassard’s head leaned slowly back and his eyes drifted closed. Within moments the rumbling of a hog echoed through the shack.
India put down his cup and stood. It took a moment to convince himself that he wasn’t on a ship at sea; the floor bucked beneath him and he moved towards the door as if bobbing on waves.
He outstretched his arm and pushed forward, misjudged the step, and sprawled through the threshold onto shadowed sand and a violet, glittering night.
Turning onto his back, India crossed his boots, the buckles catching the light of stars and the glimmer of fireflies carousing in the wind.
‘Aye,’ he said again, and grinned in a relaxed, muzzy way. Above his head he watched a great cloud sail, lit up by a full moon. It looked like a grand galleon, and within its misty embrace brawled a crew of pirates and corsairs. 
‘A ship in the sky,’ Mrs Wayles would have said. ‘Well of all the things.’
India heard carousing up ahead, drifting along whatever passed for streets in this port town. He ignored it, taking such for the usual night revellers. With great effort he put his hands behind his head, reminding himself once again that he needed a hat.
India listened to the gentle lap of waves on shore and closed his eyes to the stars. He imagined himself on that pirate ship, no longer water in the air but wood in the water. Something powerful and brooding, full of joy and adventure and the freedom of rogues.
‘Boy!’ India heard the shout as though it were right by his ears and jerked himself into a sitting position.
‘Aye?’ he queried, eyeing the small band of coves standing in the sand before him.
One stepped forward, a thin man with a beard to his waist. ‘You drunk lad?’
India waggled his hand in the air.
‘How old are you?’
He hiccupped. ‘Thirteen.’
‘Thirteen, by God! It’s that Mr Bassard again, ain’t he damn near set on corrupting all who get by him.’
‘It ain’t corrupting,’ India replied. ‘It’s all good.’
The man muttered to his fellows, then stepped forward and tried to pull India up. India shook him off and said he could stand on his own, which he did, a little clumsily.
‘What’s your name lad?’
India sighed and wondered if the day would ever come when he could be called Captain, not boy or lad. ‘The name’s India Bones. If it pleases you,’ he added, with more than an ounce of sarcasm.
‘Bones?’ The man’s brow furrowed. One of the others, a fool in striped pantaloons, whispered something in his ear. ‘Oh, aye,’ the man said. ‘It’s you. Mrs Wayles’s boy.’
‘I suppose.’
‘The orphan,’ the fool said.
India narrowed his eyes. ‘No. My father ain’t dead.’
‘Where is he?’
India didn’t say anything.
The thin man with the long beard put his hands on his hips. ‘Well, come on with us. You don’t want to miss this.’
‘What is it?’
‘Where have you been lad? It’s the dance of the dead.’
‘Oh.’ India’s fog seemed to clear somewhat and he brightened. ‘Alright, I’m coming. Where is it?’
‘It’ll be yonder, by the docks as always.’ The man shifted his pointed finger. ‘You see the blackness of the horizon?’
‘I sure do. It’s night.’
‘The boy’s got lip. Look, that ain’t no natural darkness. See how it seems to pull the waves in. Like some black hole of a line stretching out – but not all the way. See how it stops after a while, on both its sides?’
India nodded. Now that he looked, he saw a strip of utter blackness that sucked in the sky and the water around it. But it was not the horizon, for it occupied only part, and beyond its reach was a dark, dark blue.
‘That’s the coming of them,’ the man said. ‘Once every ten years. You won’t remember them last, you’d’ve been just a babe. The Ship of the Dead. All the way from Davy-Jones-knows-where to Eyeless, Mexico Island, right to our golden doorstep.’ He had a wistful look in his eye and added, ‘They come to dance.’

*

India stood looking out the windows of the Merchant Hall. It was a large, burly building, the hub of the port, where all the commonfolk and nobles alike came to trade, dally, and gossip. On all sides he was clustered by others craning their necks at the windows looking out on the docks. The hubbub of excitable chatter was punctuated with words like “bones” and “skeletons”.
‘Don’t be scared lad,’ said a tall, white-whiskered gentleman at his shoulder, leaning down to speak in his ear. 
India flinched as the man’s breath blew into him. ‘I ain’t scared sir,’ he said.
‘No?’ said the man. ‘I would be. Only a fool is fearless.’
India paused to take this in, then looked back out at the sea shining black and smoky. It seemed as though the clouds had sunk down from the heavens and were writhing on a rolling expanse of tar. The truth was that he was afraid. He didn’t know what to expect; everyone seemed tense and nervous and all the rushed talk around him made it hard to focus. It was easy to get carried away in crowds. He wondered what the individual reactions to the event would be if each person’s emotions weren’t a mere component of this noisy, irrational mass.
India had led a fairly ordinary life, for an unholy rascal, as some had dubbed him. Wandering, idle mischiefs, odd jobs and courier work (he called them “missions”) for petty coin to squander or lose, some light thievery perhaps (but only when he was hungry, or when it was plain irresistible). The port towns of Eyeless and Maiden, the shanty sprawl of Rug, even the capital of Mohawk – he figured he’d seen enough to say he’d seen it all. The island had never been big enough for him. At thirteen he reckoned he already knew it inside and out, and it bored him. But then there was this – this once a decade wonder of the supernatural. Yes, he was afraid, but more than that, he was tense with anticipation. He couldn’t wait to see it.
The smoking black line rolled forward, taking over the sea and the sky in its approach. Fog stole onto the shore and soon most of the beach was invisible. Out of the fog there came a long, slow horn, and as it cut short there came the unmistakable creaking of ship masts. 
The mist rolled back, as though someone were sweeping it away with a broom. The blackness dissipated and the beach lay clear and dark gold. Anchored in the bay was a grey and white ship and pulling up to the shoreline were three boats full of the dead. 
India barely heard the gasps around him. The older folk, who had seen this once or more before, kept a reverent silence. India himself was struck dumb. His usually indolent eyes were wider than ever, and he dared not blink for fear that the whole scene would evaporate as a dream does upon waking.
The Ship of the Dead! Real magic!
The Merchant Hall was a house of statues as every man, woman and child watched the dead leave their boats and crowd together on the beach. They were no corpses, no rotting figures, but bare skeletons all, clothed in pirate and sailor dress. They dumped crates from the boats and pulled out bottles, handing them round. One of them started a fire – India couldn’t see how, but it rose up quickly, with an icy blue flame.
Instruments were brought forth, a fiddle, a guitar and a drum, and the music began. Ethereal lines from the violin, mournful and haunting at first, turned imperial with the pound of the drum: a death march. Then the guitar strummed and the fiddler and the drummer and the rest were all grins, and the music shifted to that of enchanting delight.
They began to dance.

*

India had been watching for a full hour and the dead were still dancing. He’d borrowed a spyglass from the white-whiskered gentleman and had it clamped tight against his eyeball, occasionally switching eyes when one grew tired. He saw the skeletons pour down drink after drink, saw it slosh through their ribcages and hit the sand.
Some of them ambled and shuffled, some of them jigged and cavorted, some of them linked with others by the arms and swung around, changing partners to the tune. One of them was flat on his back (India assumed it was a he, but who could really tell?) with another skeleton pouring a bottle over his skull. The pourer seemed to be laughing; at least, his jaw was open. The grins of the dead were just lipless teeth, but somehow even without skin or muscles the expressions seemed to subtly, inexplicably change. As India glassed them, he saw exuberant joy, mirth, relaxed appreciation, concentration (on drinking or dancing), tiredness and total inebriation. One of the skeletons sat facing away from the others, staring out at the waves, drawing patterns in the sand with his fingers. To others the dead may have just been bones on display, but India could clearly see they had their own personalities. These were not unthinking bogey monsters raised from the grave to terrify and do a master’s bidding. These were people.
India was thrilled that it was quiet little Eyeless, his hometown, and not the bustling port of Maiden that received the ship. And he knew folks from Maiden who were rightly jealous. It was the Eyeless claim to fame, about the only thing they could use it to lord it over the rest of Mexico Island. India figured it wasn’t favouritism – the skeletons probably just didn’t want the fuss and bother of putting in at busy docks. A plain beach was all they needed. Still, seeing such an incredible and outlandish event in clear sight of the houses and taverns he’d grown up around was as exciting as it was disorientating.
India put his hand on the coat of the white-whiskered cove, still standing beside him.
‘You done with the spyglass?’ the man asked, glancing down at him.
‘No. I mean, yes, sir,’ India murmured, still in a bit of a daze. Something had just occurred to him. ‘How long will they be here for?’
‘Oh, quite some time if past years are anything to go by. Why?’
‘Nobody ever joins in?’
The man looked down at him again, narrowing his brows. ‘Joins in? Of course not. It’s the dead.’
India nodded. ‘Here’s your glass back sir.’
‘Where are you going? You can’t miss this. You know it won’t be for another decade?’
‘I’ll be back soon.’

*

India stood in front of Mrs Wayles’s mirror. He was finishing painting his face: white with big black eyes and black lines for teeth painted over his lips. A little black for the nose and cheekbones. He carefully added some of the greasepaint to his neck, then turned his attention to his hands. White fingers jointed with black.
He took a step back and grinned. ‘India Bones means something now,’ he said to himself. He left the building and headed back towards the Merchant Hall.
The music was loud once more when he started to pass the groups and loners watching the dance of the dead from along the embankment, still some distance from the Hall. Most of them were too enraptured by the sight to pay India any mind, but a couple of drinking youths turned at his approach. For a second they were fearful, then confused. Quickly, though, their faces turned to scorn and a touch of pity; for India there was nothing worse.
‘What in the hell do you look like,’ one of them said.
‘Nothing like you, thank hell,’ India replied. He continued walking, not speeding up and not slowing down.
‘Are you wearing makeup?’ the other said.
‘Does it matter?’ India said.
‘Girls wear makeup,’ the first said as India passed them.
‘Girls do a lot of things,’ India called over his shoulder. ‘And so do I.’
He left them behind and approached the Merchant Hall. However, instead of entering through the front doors, he turned left along the side of the building, walking down the embankment and onto the beach. He was by the Hall’s supports, below the windows, so he knew no one could see him from within. But that wouldn’t last long. 
He approached the dead slowly. 
Sand crunched under his boots. He walked with a heady bravado courtesy of the contents of Mr Bassard’s bottle, but as he neared his spirit began to falter. His mind was begging him to turn around and run, but his legs were still obeying his first command, his deeper desire to join the dance. The icy blue fire flashed in his eyes, he stumbled forward, and before he knew it he found himself surrounded by skeletons.
They hadn’t noticed him. He stood frozen, staring, unable to go forward or back. Then he was gripped by bone and swung, and gripped and swung, and suddenly he was dancing with the dead.
He was flung from skeleton to skeleton, feeling their bones, swung hard against ribcages, grinning skulls one after another in front of him. He found a bottle in his hand and he swigged it and let it set fire to his throat.
He was sweating and laughing, his mind adrift as he moved to the music. The dead were all around him, clutching at him, and they were laughing too, laughing and singing, dry voices that punctuated the raucous melodies and rhythmic booming of the drum.
It was when the stars themselves started spinning and India thought he might pass out that the job was done for him. A flailing arm came out of the blinding fire and hit his head like a club, and the flames diminished and went black.

The Least of Your Worries


India awoke to find himself lying in a hammock in a small wooden cabin with a skeleton staring at him.
Staring may have been the only expression the skeleton had to offer, but it did that well. It was wearing a long black coat and a wide-brimmed hat, and it leaned nonchalantly in the doorway in a manner more suited to the living.
‘Ahoy,’ it said.
India shivered and shrank away as best he could, being in a hammock. His head swayed painfully and the cabin seemed to sway with it.
‘Rude,’ the skeleton said.
India made eye contact, trying to summon some resolve back. ‘Where . . . am I?’ He swallowed mid-sentence to stifle a stammer.
‘Who should be the first question.’
‘Who am I?’
‘Oh, no. Who am I?’
‘Right.’ India sat up in the hammock, his aching head in his hands. His fear was quickly melting away, replaced by confusion. ‘Who are you?’
The skeleton inclined its head. ‘My name is Grimmer.’
‘Uh. And where am I Grimmer?’
The skeleton grinned, a skill at which it was excellent. ‘Why, you’re on the Ship of the Dead.’
India fell back and closed his eyes. He felt a little nauseous; dots chased each other under his eyelids.
‘I quite understand,’ Grimmer said.
‘How did I get here?’ India managed at last.
Grimmer sighed. ‘That was Spares. He carried you aboard.’
‘Why?’
‘He thought you were one of us.’
India opened his eyes and dared another look at the skeleton, half expecting it to have vanished, to see the familiar sight of his room at Mrs Wayles’s. ‘Just because I have face paint on?’ he said. ‘I look nothing like you! You’re – well, you’re dead!’
‘He was very, very drunk. Not that any of us were sober, but he was something else. I’ve already had quite the bone to pick with him. It’ll take him some time to find it.’
‘Mmm.’
‘You see the thing is mate, we can’t just take you back. You’re stuck with us for now. Damn fool Spares.’
India squeezed his eyes shut, opened them once more. Still there. ‘How’s that?’
‘There’s no turning back. The ship has its own course, it sails us you understand.’
‘I don’t.’
‘Truth be told, nor do I much. But that’s how it is. Oh, the crew helps out, but I think that’s more ’cause we need something to do, a way to be useful. We climb the rigging and hoist the sails and swab the decks. But nobody can turn the wheel. It turns on its own.’
India tried to understand this and quickly gave up. ‘So . . .’
‘So where we going next? Kingston is our next call. We won’t be putting up to the docks, but this lonely beach to the west that almost nobody knows about but us. See, with small, superstitious towns like Eyeless it’s alright to land near everyone, as they keep their distance, and besides, we like to put on a bit of a show now and again. The mist and the blackness draw in, the big horn sounds . . . you know, all very fun. Nice and theatrical. But try that somewhere like the thick of Kingston and – I’m not saying they ain’t superstitious too, they all are, but there’ll just be too many people, and with lots of people crowding things there’s always some idiot who gets drunk and comes and spoils things. Not that you’re an idiot. At least you didn’t have a gun. And that face paint – inspired. Never known anyone alive wanting to look dead before.’
Grimmer tapped his ribcage and tilted his head. ‘Sorry,’ he said. ‘I ain’t had anybody living to talk to for some time. All these words tumbling out.’ He grinned, or rather, something happened to his face that India couldn’t quite explain.
‘How do you speak, Grimmer?’ India asked, slowly manoeuvring himself back into a sitting position. It was the first of many things that were bothering him.
‘How’d you mean?’
‘How’d you speak with no tongue?’
‘A tongue’s the least of your worries mate. I ain’t got a voice box neither. Or lips. Or a gullet to drink, lungs to breathe, heart to beat, eyes to see you with.’ Grimmer leaned in. ‘Just ’cause you can’t see it doesn’t mean it ain’t there.’ He looked through the cabin porthole at the rolling sea beyond. ‘Do you know of phantom limbs?’
India shook his head.
‘When a limb gets amputated, sometimes people get the sensation that it’s still there. They can feel it, and they can feel it working too. Well us skeletons have phantom bodies. They’re stuck to our bones same as yours are. You can’t see them nor touch them, but we got ghost skin and ghost organs all there in order, all working like a shadow of the living. Or at least pretending to.’
India swallowed. The thought was disquieting. ‘What do you really look like then?’
‘I look like this!’ Grimmer opened his arms. ‘Hell, I don’t know what I look like anymore. I’ve known naught but these bones for too long.’
‘How did this happen? I mean, what got you all like this? On this ship, without bodies – well, without bodies to see.’ 
Grimmer smiled. ‘I wondered when we’d get around to the main thrust of it. We’re all sailors see. Pirates, merchants, even a few from various navies. Gave our life to the sea. But when we died we made a bad deal. We sold our bodies.’
‘You mean you sold your souls.’
‘No, we sold our bodies. We kept our souls. All that’s left of our bodies is the bones and the ghost essence. The soul has had enough time to get used to the form it inhabits, so it stays there after the body, the physical body has gone.’ 
‘Who did you sell it to?’
‘To Davy Jones, of course. Who else? In return we kept our time in this world. Not realising the cost. Not realising we’d stay here, like this, forever. Or until our bones break into tiny pieces and our spirits become formless and can do nothing but haunt. After the deal was done some of us dead folk wandered and are still wandering. They are rare sights, for there aren’t too many of us that made the deal whose bodies have lasted the wear and tear of this world. You might bump into one on land if you’re terribly lucky. Not counting Tortugal, that is – we got a little spot of our own there. Otherwise it’s a solitary existence. Not many folk want to be friends with the dead. And there ain’t much that satisfies when your body is just a ghost. The best we got is alcohol. That still has a bit of a kick left, when it’s still dripping through our bones. Alcohol and dancing.’
Grimmer sighed. ‘And that’s where the rest of us ended up. The Ship of the Dead. Picking up all the wayward selfish scurves who made the wrong choice at the end of their thieving lives. I don’t know how long the ship has been sailing these seas. Nobody does. Since the beginning, perhaps. There’s no captain. The only one sailing it is all the souls of the broken-boned. Or something else entirely. Who knows how many spirits haunt this ship. Taking it from place to place.’
India was listening openmouthed. It seemed like something out of a dark fairy tale. ‘Why do you visit Mexico Island to dance every ten years?’ he asked.
‘Dancing and drinking’s all we have. As for ten years, well we’ve got a lot of places to visit, a lot of distant seas to sail. The ship only seems to get back round to Mexico Island after ten years. Maybe ’cause it’s out of the way, maybe some other reason we don’t know. I think a few of the other places take ten or so years to visit again, it’s just they’re all at different times. Others we come to more often. We just fall into the ship’s strange routine. The dead are nothing if not consistent.’
India nodded. ‘I’ve got one more question.’
‘Shoot.’
‘Why are you wearing clothes?’
Grimmer laughed, a strange, clattery sound. ‘Why are you? It ain’t cold. There’s little more reason to keep your body covered than ours. But there’s a lot of character in a body’s clothes. When you don’t have meat you can see on you, no real face, only a fading memory of what you used to look like, if that, then having your own clothes can do its bit to make you you. In your own eyes as in the eyes of others.’
‘Well, shank me,’ India said, shaking his head. ‘This is all a bit much.’
Grimmer laughed again. ‘Aye, I know. Look, we’ll drop you off at the Lonely Carib Beach, that’s what we call that place we put in at Kingston. We won’t be dancing there or making much of any kind of spectacle, just sitting and wandering and skimming stones, hidden by jungle. So you can take your leave and head to the city. After that though, afraid you’re on your own.’
‘That’s alright. Thanks. I’ll find some coin and a ship to take me home.’ India paused. ‘Well. I don’t know. I guess I’ll see how I feel.’
‘First time away from the parents?’
‘My mother is dead,’ India said. ‘I never met my father.’
‘Oh,’ Grimmer said. ‘Sorry to hear that mate. You’re in good company for now. Pretty sure all our parents are long gone.’
‘I want to find my father,’ India said, looking down. When he looked back up Grimmer was right next to him.
‘I’d put money on it,’ Grimmer said, clapping India on the shoulder. India shivered at the touch, then looked up apologetically.
Grimmer pretended he hadn’t noticed. ‘I’ll leave you for a bit,’ he said. ‘Let you get your head in order. And I want to talk to some of the others, too.’ He walked out of the cabin, leaving India alone. 
India put his head back in his hands. Not because he was upset, but to stop the swaying and get to grips with his situation. He wasn’t quite ready to stand up, fearing he might fall onto his face.
He’d tried to leave Mexico Island several times in his life without success. He’d stowed away on ships and either been caught and flogged, or he’d bottled it and took off, flushed with the thrill and fear of getting that far. Last year he’d managed to stay on one ship until they’d weighed anchor and were out in the bay before being discovered by the bosun. She’d shouted at him and rowed him back to the docks. He’d been thankful for it, as he’d felt a little sick from the whole ordeal, completely out of his depth. No matter how often he might think of himself as an adventurer or a pirate, the truth was that he was still just a kid, and he’d lived his whole life in a tiny patch of a much wider world.
That was the last time he’d gotten anywhere, for Mrs Wayles had stepped in, letting it be known to all sailors of Eyeless and Maiden both that nobody was to give passage to India Bones or else. Even the roughest of sailors had no desire to get on the wrong end of one of Mrs Wayles’s Or Elses, and so India found himself shipblocked as soon as he approached any one of the gangways. Even when he’d gathered enough coin for legal passage, he was turned away.
‘You’re just a babe,’ Mrs Wayles had said. ‘You think you can take on the whole world but you just can’t. Suppose the ship took you and deposited you someplace. Someplace civil even, like Kingston. Then what? How you gonna be feeding yourself? Where will you sleep? The world won’t just turn over on account of your dreams, India. It’ll master you before you master it. Is that what your father would have wanted? Maybe one day, when you’re all grown up and when you’re no longer under my care, you can follow in his footsteps. But right now, you just stay here and stay away from those damn docks.’
And so he’d slunk off, unable to decide whether to scowl or feel sorry for himself, so he’d done a bit of both. 
One day.
He’d never much had the patience for reading – he didn’t want to read about things, he wanted to see and experience them for himself – but year after year he’d trace his finger over maps, looking at all the places he wanted to visit, places he knew so little about but which set his imagination ablaze with their strange, foreign names and promises of mystery and adventure. 
The Caribbean formed the centre of the map and was rich with opportunities. East of Mexico Island were popular places such as Kingston and J’maika, Colorado and the fabled Indiana, with its capital “City of Gold” that India was named after. There was the pirate haven Tortugal, home to the giant mountain of Nassar (which India determined he would one day climb). Kingston was the Caribbean hub, ruled from afar by York and so frequently on the wrong side of pirates. The joke was that Kingston was called such because everybody there acted like kings: they were that pompous and arrogant.
The self-important York took up most of the western Continent, a vast land mass lying north of the Caribbean. York’s much-maligned neighbour Bordeaux shared borders with both York and the Harem Empire. Further east still there was China, and the vast Khan Wastes which stretched all the way into the icy north.
Then there were all the other places any self-respecting adventurer would long to explore. Countries little written about and some almost entirely unknown in India’s part of the world. The cluster of a thousand tiny islands and networked waterways that was Asia. The sprawling countries of Afrika and Barbary and the great temples and sphynxes of Gyptia. The deep jungles of Amazonia and the rolling grasslands and mountain ranges of Zealand to the far south. Maybe even the Northern and Southern Icelands, if India could wrap up well enough for them (he had the feeling that he wouldn’t know what cold really was until he went there).
One day.
And now here he was, on the Ship of the Dead, on open water with a skeleton crew.
No turning back: that’s what Grimmer had told him. No turning back.
India tried to quell the ache within him, but he felt his youth keenly and had to take a hard grip on the hammock support to steady himself.
He only let go when he became aware of his fingers hurting; looking at his fingertips he saw they’d been pressed white.

*

India walked the grey planks of the ship, feeling half dead himself. Around him skull faces eyed him from empty sockets. There was salt spray coming in off the wind, but no part of the deck or gunwales felt damp; instead, the wood was dry and dusty and pockmarked. He ran his fingers along the side of the ship and the wood crumbled. A good gale might blow the whole lot into the sea. It almost didn’t seem like wood at all, and he blanched when the idea popped into his head: maybe he was walking on grey bones.
‘You know what mate.’ A voice came from behind, and India turned to see Grimmer.
‘What?’
‘I never asked you your name. And I called you rude. Where were my manners?’
‘It’s India Bones.’
Grimmer gave a short laugh and this time India, with fixed attention, saw that the sounds seemed to be in slight discord with the movement of his jaw. He realised they were not coming from a material presence at all; the mouthless jaw merely did its best to accompany them.
‘Bones aye?’ Grimmer said. ‘Well you’re in the right company, that’s for sure.’
India looked back out at the sea.
‘You hungry, Mr Bones?’
‘Call me India. You eat?’
‘Sure, sure. Well, we eat for nostalgia, at any rate. But I remember what it’s like to be actually hungry. We’ve got plenty of ship biscuits. Look.’ Grimmer reached into the shadows of his coat and fished out a round black thing. ‘Take it.’ 
India stared at it. ‘Is it edible?’
‘You’re in no position to turn it down, let’s put it that way.’
‘Alright.’ India took the biscuit and bit off a corner. It was chewier than he’d expected, both salted and sugared, and not half bad. There was a slight touch of death to it, but nothing’s perfect.
‘How many are on this ship?’ India asked.
‘Thirteen,’ Grimmer said. ‘Can’t make it up, can you? I always wonder if we’re going to get any more, but it’s been years and no more, so maybe that’s that.’
‘Fourteen, now.’
‘For now. Can’t be having with you ruining our unlucky number,’ Grimmer said.
‘The others keep looking at me.’
‘Of course they do, what do you expect? The living stare at the dead, can’t expect the dead not to stare at the living. But look, none of us jolly rogers means you any harm. See him?’ Grimmer pointed. ‘That’s Sockets. He’s alright, he just stares a lot. And him?’ Grimmer gestured at a large skeleton with a big chest by the mainsail. ‘That’s Big Cage. Wouldn’t hurt a fly. Unless the fly hurt him first, of course. There, she’s Hairless – and ain’t she pleased she can wear a corset now without it being hard to breathe? No more breathing for her, except out of habit.’ Grimmer turned. ‘Over there, looking rightfully sheepish, that’s Spares. Recognise him?’
‘Y-es,’ India said. ‘Yes.’ And he did. Now that he saw them one by one, it wasn’t that hard to tell them apart. It wasn’t just their clothes and adornments, or their bone structure. There was something about each of them that made them as distinctly individual as he was when compared with Mr Bassard.
India looked further along the ship and saw a skeleton standing near the helm. He was taller than the others, bar Big Cage, and wore a black tricorne hat and a long black coat. Belts glinting with metal were twisted and tied about his bones and each strap holstered a pistol – three, maybe four in all. But it was the bones themselves that caught India’s eye. Alone amongst the others, his skeleton was as black as his clothes.
‘Ah,’ Grimmer said, following India’s gaze. ‘That’s Blackbone. No, we don’t know why he looks like that. Maybe he fell deeper and darker than any of the rest of us, before he was pulled out of the brine and onto these decks. He doesn’t speak much, and I doubt he wants you here, so best not try and make friends. He’s the least jolly of all of us jolly rogers.’
‘Is he the captain?’
‘No, no. There ain’t no captain on this ship. But if there was, I reckon it’d be Blackbone.’
‘Can I be captain?’
‘Ha! Bit presumptuous, aren’t you? Bit quick on the draw? No, you can’t be captain. See the ship’s wheel? I told you nobody can touch it, not even Blackbone. The ship is its own master.’
‘I see,’ India said, not really seeing. Grimmer, sensing that he wanted to be alone, nodded and meandered away.
India leaned over the side of the ship and stared at the swell of the sea. A thrill of excitement was beginning to dance within him, marshalling troops to its cause. The excitement of having truly left Mexico Island for the first time in over thirteen years. Of being on board a real ship – a grey, mouldering ship, but a ship no less – and sailing the seas with creatures of dark magic, with the dead, perhaps the only living person ever to have done so.
Well, he’d always known he was special.
There was another pang of homesickness, for the alleys of Rug, the Mohawk markets, the comfort and security of Mrs Wayles and the inebriated friendship of Mr Bassard. The palm trees that swayed on the southern beach, the jungles and cliffs in the centre of the island, the Aztec Tomb . . .
But the pang was getting blown away by the sea breeze; wisp by wisp it was replaced with salt and wood and bones.
India wondered what kind of ship this was. A brig, a frigate? It didn’t have a shape quite like anything he’d seen previously. There was less of a crew than one might expect for a ship of this size, and a lot of space for him to cast his eyes about unimpeded, filling his gaze with the huge white sails billowing in the breeze, with the forestry of the masts and the ropes and the netting. He looked at the helm, at the wheel, and imagined commanding the whole ship, turning it to his course, yelling orders to the crew, stuck to his post in sun and storm.
He drank it in, then returned his eyes to the sea and drank that in too.
This wasn’t the same sea he saw from the beaches. There was no shoreline to lap against. Here, the waves moved like beasts, rolling long and fat and huge. No doubt under the surface dark leviathans with unknowable minds and purpose pushed the waves along, guiding them back and forth to each other. 
An orange sun beat against India’s eyes and flashed off the water. The water that was everywhere and the water that was forever. 
He squinted into the sun and looked away. Had that much time passed already? How long had he been out?
He had a funny feeling inside him, a very funny feeling . . .
The ship plunged into another beast-wave, the prow soared up over the crest, and India was suddenly, violently sick.

*

India lay in the hammock he’d woken in, belly finally settling, eyes closing to the night outside the porthole. The moon flashed over him as the great gloom of sleep folded in.
His thoughts, not yet fully dreaming, drifted like the ocean current back towards Eyeless and Rug, Mohawk and Maiden, back towards the jungles and the cliffs and finally, deliberately, the Aztec Tomb.
A long time ago, the Caribbean had been ruled by the fabulously rich, and now very dead, Aztec Empire. Nobody was quite sure how it had ended; there were many theories, and maybe all of them were true, maybe none of them. India only knew that the Aztecs weren’t around anymore. But that didn’t mean they hadn’t left things behind. There were still ruins, he knew. And where there were ruins there must, inevitably, be treasure. 
Sometimes India would go looking for Aztec gold. People would laugh at him, tell him he was wasting his time. Everything had been dug up, ransacked, stolen and sold ages ago. It was the same the world over. The only thing left was the lost treasure of Bucklemeir Horn and the search for that had long been abandoned, its existence become mere legend.
In time India would agree that Mexico Island was barren as far as riches were concerned. But the world was much bigger; there was West and East Indigo, there was San Dillinger and Tortugal, there was India, the City of Gold on the island of Indiana – that had to have something, of course it did – and the ladies and gents who had spent their whole lives locked in their own houses had never seen any of it. They just assumed. You couldn’t just assume.
India had only discovered one tomb on Mexico Island, east of Rug and a few miles into the jungle at the top of the cliffs. He’d scrambled and climbed for an hour, scratched by branches, twisted by vines and cut on rocks, and when he’d got there he’d found a path that led all the way back to Rug itself. The tomb had been empty, of course, and not just that, it was also dusted and smoothed and there were fences up, even a sign. There were a few Ratboys and a couple of older Mohawkians lounging around the entrance and inside, drinking and guffawing. They’d given him the eye and he’d given it back. He’d slouched over to the side of the tomb and put his back against the wall. Eventually he’d gone home.
But he’d visited again, many times. He learned when nobody else would be there and chose those moments to pace the tomb and search for imaginary treasure and cut down imaginary pirates. He always took the route up the cliff, trying to pretend the path wasn’t there, except on the way back, when he was tired and dirty, often bruised and bleeding, and the moon was out to light the cliff as the quickest route to death. The path lay half-gleaming in stops and starts, as though draped silver had itself been clad in shifting, filtered shadows.
In the hammock, India’s breathing slowed and the shadows of that jungle path danced about him, taking on black, grinning shapes, and then they were sails, whipping at him from all sides in a wind that seemed to suck itself from the very earth, and the trees were gone, the path was gone, there was only water and salt, salt as far as the eye could see . . . 

No Company For the Living


Over the next few days India got to know the crew fairly well. At first many of them avoided him and he noticed wariness in the others’ eyes when he talked to any of them. A few were grouchy; one skeleton by the name of Liver told him to shank off as soon as he approached. But a few were nice, like Big Cage, who was as friendly as he was big, or Hairless, who helped him through getting his sea legs and found him a nautical coat in the hold that was only a little oversized. Spares was always amusing company, especially when he was drunk. Sockets was a bit odd, but India got used to him. Dessica, another female jolly roger (that was how the skeletons usually referred to themselves), had spoken to him at length on the movements of whales, the names of all the sails and masts, and even shown him how to tie different kinds of knot. 
As the days passed and India made himself known, rarely staying put for more than the length of a conversation and helping out when he could, those who avoided him started to show their faces and those who were grouchy softened. Only Liver remained unpleasant more often than not. India had barely exchanged more than a handful of words with Blackbone, who typically stayed in his cabin (the only one bar India with his own private cabin), and when they passed each other India would walk fast, for his near-silent presence sent a chill down India’s spine. 
It was Grimmer, though, who was the surest tether between India and his sanity. From the first day he’d been good to India, helped him help himself and help others, and showed him all the parts of the ship, the hold and the forecastle, the gallery and the gun deck where the cannons were cobwebbed from disuse. He even took India up to the crow’s nest; thankfully India had always been a good tree-and-cliff climber, but climbing the rigging so high and looking down at the long fall to the decks below – well, at least Grimmer had been there for encouragement. India sure wasn’t going to let himself appear weak in front of a bunch of skeletons. The final few feet had been the worst, but at last he’d toppled into the crow’s nest, breathing hard with the adrenaline, and afterwards spent a good three or four hours reddening with the sun and feeling on top of the world, almost drunk with the sight around him, perched on a swaying wooden spire that rose up like a needle out of the great, eternal ocean. A lonely minaret in a blue desert where he was king.
Eventually, though, the seasickness had come on even stronger, not to mention a light-headedness close to fainting, and India had forced himself to descend. He’d spent a good while recovering and decided to go up there again only rarely.
On the evening of the fourth day India saw a far-off shape; he borrowed a spyglass off Sockets and observed a red-boarded ship travelling in the other direction. He squinted but in the darkening light couldn’t make out the crew.
‘Are they pirates?’ he asked, excited.
Sockets snatched the spyglass back and looked through it. ‘No,’ he said. ‘Merchant ship, probably from East Indigo.’
‘Can they see us?’
Grimmer came up behind India and gripped the gunwale. ‘Honestly, we don’t rightly know,’ he said. ‘There was another ship yesterday, too. Truth is a number of us don’t care to look anymore, or at least we don’t shout about it if we do see something. We’ve never been boarded, we’ve never even been hailed. We don’t know if it’s just mist they see, or the illusion of a ship of no consequence or interest to anyone, or if they see nothing at all but empty sea. Or maybe they see us just as we are, but then something in them just wipes it from their minds, tells them just to pass on by. A thought that never gets to go anywhere, like it’s been chased off. All we know is the Ship of the Dead ain’t disturbed and never has been. We’re a ghost on the ocean, mate.’
On the fifth day Grimmer came to India carrying a cutlass, with the golden hilt of another held in the thick sashes tied around his pelvis. He deftly flipped the sword in his hand and offered it to India hilt first. ‘Here you go mate,’ he said. A few of the others on deck gathered around, interested.
A one-armed skeleton named Cold Shoulder put his remaining hand up. ‘Here, he’s a bit young ain’t he?’
Grimmer didn’t turn. ‘He’s got to be able to defend himself, doesn’t he?’
India peered at the blade, at its edge and its wicked point. It caught the light and flashed meanly. ‘I’ll manage without. For now,’ he said.
‘You sure?’ Grimmer said.
‘For now.’
Grimmer shrugged, tossing the sword back on the deck with a clatter. India turned away, but not before stealing one, two more glances at it lying there on the grey wood at his feet.
India remembered when he had last used a blade. He’d grown up fighting with sticks with other kids in the streets and slums of Rug and Mohawk. The orphan gang that called themselves Ratboys infested the alleyways of the poor side of Mohawk; India had once been well acquainted with them, often fighting with and against them in confrontations ranging from friendly scuffles and stick fencing to scrapping tooth and nail. It was about the time that an increase in girls in the gang led to arguments about a change of name that Skiv became leader. He was a bad-tempered kid, bigger than India and prone to using his fists to get his way.
Always eager for something greater than pickpocketing, something more dangerous and more impressive, it was India who had come up with the idea of raiding Jack Rush’s house.
Jack Rush was a mean, surly merchant who had beaten India severely when he’d caught his pockets being picked just outside his home. India hadn’t been able to walk properly for days and the bruises had taken much longer to disappear. Afterwards he’d gazed at his reflection in the coastal Mexican seawaters and noted that his face had lost its childishness, had been beaten tougher and rougher and stripped of some measure of innocence.
In retaliation India had roped the Ratboys into a plan of his own making. He’d always been an outsider to them, some days seemingly on their side, some days not; he didn’t want to answer to anybody else and certainly not a dumb brutish boy like Skiv. But he couldn’t do this alone.
The moon hung full and watching as they entered the house, breaking the windows and dropping like cats over the sills. Street children knew everything there was worth knowing: they knew that Rush was on an overseas business trip, selling sugar to East Indigo, and would not be back for some time.
India and the Ratboys took everything, greedily filling their pockets and pouches with jewellery and silverware and bottles of rum. India even found a necklace, black stringed with a pendant of tarnished silver melded to what looked like bone, gold in the very centre and frayed around the edges, like the rays of a moribund sun. He pocketed it. He pocketed something else, too.
He didn’t know who started the fire. Somebody knocked something over, messing around with torches and bottles of rum; it could have been anyone. The Ratboys yelled as a bright, exciting flicker quickly spread and smoke rushed through the air like a punishing phantasm, as though the residing spirit of Jack Rush had been left behind to guard the house.
They’d escaped, all of them thank shank, tumbling through the windows and bursting out the door. As soon as they were clear of the house and most had scattered down various alleys, India had turned, only to receive a surprise blow from Skiv. It connected with an already existing bruise from Rush and hurt twice as much. 
They pounced on each other, fists flying, knees punching into stomachs and feet lashing out. They fought dirty, like wild dogs, breaking apart every few minutes to snarl and spit and curse, watched hungrily by the others.
‘Give it to me,’ said Skiv.
‘Give you what.’ India wiped sweat from his face and pulled the straggled hair from his eyes.
‘The necklace. I saw you take it. You owe it to me for what happened back there.’
‘That wasn’t my fault.’
‘It was your idea to raid the place. Give it to me.’
‘You ain’t getting it.’
They met again and India found himself hurled against the stony ground and pinned on his back. He twisted and kicked; Skiv grabbed his throat and squeezed.
India punched Skiv’s head and midriff, again and again, but he couldn’t get the right angle or momentum and the blows didn’t dissuade the hands choking him, robbing him of his breath.
Black and purple motes dotted his vision, and with a sudden, almost instinctive realisation, he pulled out the shining dagger he had taken from the house. It slipped into Skiv’s side as though moving through butter. It met no bones.
Skiv fell aside with a yelp and the dagger sucked itself out, still in India’s hand. India scrambled up and, without looking backwards at Skiv or the audience of Ratboys, ran.
He never knew what became of Skiv. He didn’t visit Mohawk again for a year, and when he did, he stuck to other districts, carefully avoiding the Ratboys. If Skiv was still alive, then he would want his revenge. And if he wasn’t . . . then those loyal to him or those who counted him among their friends might want their own revenge.
India never knew what became of Skiv, and he didn’t want to know. He’d thrown the blade away, and he’d never thrown away something valuable before. He remembered crouching outside the Aztec Tomb and shivering in the rain, his hair plastered to his face.
He’d never wanted to touch a blade again. He remembered the sound Skiv made, and his eyes. His eyes.
On the deck of the Ship of the Dead, India kicked the cutlass away without looking and fingered the sun pendant that hung from his neck.

*

‘Where is that?’ India asked, spyglass trained on the landmass that passed slowly before them. He saw bright forests and white beaches and, in the centre, with trees marching up its slopes, a single mountain peak that in the light seemed capped with silver.
‘West Indigo,’ Hairless said. ‘Just you wait honey, you’re soon to see something even better.’
Separated from its western neighbour by a lush and shallow turquoise channel (India wondered if you could wade through it without even needing a boat), East Indigo floated into view.
‘What the shank is that?’ India gasped.
‘Nice, ain’t it?’ rumbled Big Cage.
‘That’s the East Indigo Palace,’ Hairless said. ‘Abode of Hong Kong Silver.’
‘I’ve heard of him.’
‘You’d be hard pressed not to, sugar. Biggest merchant trader in the Caribbean. And I mean biggest.’
‘That’s sure a nice way of putting it,’ Dessica chimed in, joining them at the gunwale and leaning over. The sun turned her skull gold. ‘Silver might be as rich as an Aztec, but he’s also the most disreputable man in the Caribbean. The man’s got to where he is by being a double-crossing crook. Would sell his own grandmother if it added another inch to his piles of gold. You’d call him a pirate if he ever set sail.’
‘I never said he was an honest merchant trader,’ Hairless said. ‘If there’s any such thing.’
‘Nice, ain’t it?’ Big Cage said again.
‘It sure is,’ India said. A path of golden sand, somehow hardened and set like stone, wound from the beach and carved up a hill, flanked on both sides by the tallest palm trees he’d ever seen. Away from the path, vibrant greenery gave way to tangled jungle, which clustered in, eager to get closer to the palace and steal its radiance. Huge white domes burst like soap bubbles from the island’s hilltop centre, only matched in shining dominance by two gold-and-white minarets that stabbed into the blue sky.
‘He must be swimming in coin,’ India murmured. He looked at where the path broadened and met the huge palace gates glowing in the sunlight – perhaps they too were made of gold.
‘Oh, he is,’ Hairless said. ‘Don’t get jealous now.’
‘Too late,’ India said. He imagined what it would be like to live in such a place, a place fit for an emperor. When East Indigo was finally lost to his vision, he retired quietly to his cabin and closed his eyes, basking in the idea that he did indeed live and rule there, waking up every morning on a shifting bed of Aztec coins.

*

India was roused one morning by Spares mumbling and shaking his arm. He felt a flash of fear; it was only the second time he’d woken to the face of a skeleton staring down at him, and this one was a lot closer, far too close. Whilst the crew no longer troubled him when he was up and about (with the possible exception of Blackbone), it was different to be surprised out of the dull confusion of sleep by a grinning visage of the dead.
Spares must have noticed the shock that passed briefly across India’s face, for he took a step back. ‘Begging your pardon, mate,’ he said. ‘Didn’t mean to shock you or nothing.’
‘Spares,’ India said, letting his heart rate slow. ‘What’s going on?’
‘We’re here, that’s what,’ Spares said. ‘Grimmer told me to fetch you.’
‘Here, where’s here?’ India sat up and rubbed sleep from his eyes.
‘We’re anchored at Lonely Carib. Dropping the boats now.’
‘Oh.’
Spares left and India got up to dress, though he paused before putting on the coat Hairless had found for him. It felt heavier than usual. Looking out the porthole he saw a sliver of beach, grey in the dawn light.
He ran a hand through his hair, rough and shaggy from the sea spray. Mrs Wayles would have held him down and forced a brush through it, he thought with a small smile. Not that it would have helped; he’d only have gone straight back out to tumbling in the muddy alleys of Rug, or pushing through the jungle, raked by bad-tempered undergrowth on the way to the Aztec Tomb.
‘Is that a boy under there?’ Mrs Wayles used to say. ‘Or is it a bush? Has part of the jungle just uprooted and walked in? For the life of me I just can’t tell.’

*

India was troubled by a strange, uncomfortable pang as the crew rowed towards the beach. He hadn’t said anything since he’d gotten in the boat. Grimmer was especially quiet. Ahead of them the beach looked cold and sad.
 Two of the skeletons jumped into the shallows and pulled the boats onto shore. India got out and walked up the beach a short way. The hard sand, like packed sugar, broke apart under his boots. It was the first time his feet had touched anywhere other than Mexico Island. It was a surreal and unsettling experience. He looked back at the ship, but saw only a thick, dark mist. He squinted and tried to envisage the ship there, knowing it was there, and bit by bit he saw the sails, the grey hull . . . but as soon as he relaxed, the mist crawled in once more.
A few of the skeletons were sitting on the beach. One or two had wandered into the jungle. Some were speaking in couples or small groups, and others like Grimmer were gazing back out at the sea, or drawing idle patterns in the sand. Perhaps it was all in India’s head, but a melancholy air seemed to hang over everything. He sensed this was a different kind of escape for these jolly rogers, a different kind of relief from the drinking and dancing of their last landing.
‘This is it,’ Dessica said as she approached India, her head low. ‘We’re all sorry to see you go.’
‘I don’t want to go,’ India said. A few of the other skeletons were standing up and coming over. Big Cage. Hairless. Spares. 
Dessica shook her head, smiling. ‘Don’t be silly. The dead are no company for the living.’
‘You’ve got your whole life to live, honey,’ Hairless said.
‘Sorry you gotta go, mate,’ Spares said. ‘We’ve all enjoyed, uh, having you on board. It’s been lively.’
‘I have to?’
‘You know you do,’ Hairless said, gently.
‘Never meant to capture you in the first place,’ Spares said, kicking the sand. ‘Gotta watch the drinking.’
Big Cage came forward and reached out his arms. India awkwardly opened his own and Big Cage hugged him, almost crushing him.
‘Leave off him you big oaf,’ Spares said. ‘You’ll crush the lad.’ He shook his head and wandered off.
‘Miss you,’ Big Cage said, turning and following Spares.
‘You too,’ India said, too quiet for Big Cage to hear.
‘Go and say your farewells to Grimmer,’ Dessica said. She touched her skull, Hairless blew him a kiss, and the two of them walked away.
Some of the other skeletons on the beach gave India nods and waves. He waved back, then pinched his eyes and approached Grimmer, who was still sitting on the sand.
‘Come with me,’ India said.
‘No,’ Grimmer said, not looking at him. ‘I can’t.’
‘Why not?’
‘Don’t be naïve. Look, go on.’
‘I don’t want to.’
‘Why not?’
‘I don’t want to be by myself.’
‘You’ll be fine,’ Grimmer said. When India still didn’t move, he picked up a pebble, tightened his bone fingers around it, turned and threw it at him. India dodged it; he didn’t know if the pebble was supposed to hit him or not.
‘Go away!’ Grimmer said. ‘Leave me be. Go and join the land of the damned living.’
India blinked at him, hurt and angry, but he turned and walked away. When he reached the edge of the beach he glanced back. Grimmer was sitting in the same spot, not moving, staring down at the sand. 
India stuffed his hands into his coat pockets and disappeared into the jungle.

If You Need Bread


India pushed aside a tangle of vines, choosing his steps carefully – was that a snake coiled around that branch, or another creeper? – ducked, and when he finally raised his head, he stopped short and gaped.
Kingston.
A city of white and sand, buildings and streets like bone and ochre. The occasional colourful flash of red flags and purple drapes signalling to India like waving women. A waterfront laden with goods and boats and more pulling in and out, loading and unloading every minute. A bay decorated with ships of every size and colour, carrying every kind of flag, many of which India had never seen before. Red-boarded and blue-boarded ships were anchored side by side, dropping rowboats full of boxes and barrels and sailors and taking them on in turn.
But it wasn’t the ships that took India’s breath away. It wasn’t even the buildings. 
It was the people.
India had never seen so many people before. Not even in the streets of Mohawk, the most populous place on Mexico Island. The closest comparison he could make was Trader’s Pride Day in Maiden, when once a year trade barges from J’maika Trade & Goods, Kingston Royal Trading Company and San Dillinger Shipping all docked on the same day, with huge inventories, and none of them ever gave any ground, no matter the clustered chaos of the docks. The ‘Pride’ in Trader’s Pride Day meant something rather more negative to the Maiden folk than to the three trading companies, so much so that colloquially the day was known by the locals as All Bastards Day. 
India had been in Maiden on All Bastards Day only once, but he remembered the incessant shouting, the difficulty of simple movement, the sweat of the crowd. Kingston wasn’t like that; the streets were wider, the people a little quieter and more restrained, but just because there was more space and you could hear yourself think didn’t mean there were fewer people. They sprawled out everywhere he could see, and see them he could, for the streets of Kingston wound up a steep hill; countless brightly coloured creatures moved like garish insects climbing and descending a great anthill.
The garments many wore, women and men both, were fancier than India had ever seen on Mexico Island. Wig-bedecked men in perfectly clean and well-cut frock coats; women in flouncy dresses paired with curled hair and bonnets. A whole bunch of flash coves, thought India, with more coin than they’d miss, no doubt . . .
Not everyone dressed fine. India noticed a mixture of disdain, pity and blindness for the poorer folk in their simpler clothes: the traders and the sailors, the dockhands and the entertainers and the street sellers, the petticoats and their madams, and the kids that darted and dodged through the gaps of their elders. There were all sorts of faces and races; India even spotted an ohdwaa shuffling along on her own, skin as wrinkled as a prune.
No beggars, though (unless you counted that musician). No drunkards that India could see. He wondered where they were; surely even Kingston was populated by those who had fallen by the wayside, or was everyone here well-to-do?
India strolled (at least, he hoped he seemed that casual) along the waterfront, rotating his gaze between the people and the buildings. He passed endless stalls, where big men shouted at him to buy fruit and wares; a punch house draped in purple velvet; fast-working boot shiners and tailors; trade shops and storehouses; “best sea view in Kingston” lodgings and open-air carveries with the hot stink of meat; alehouses and alleys; and beyond that a moody gambling den and yelling dockhands and a blacksmith dripping in the heat. 
India deliberately bumped into a few of the richer ladies and gents (not too rich though, he didn’t want to cause an Incident), apologised and backed away from their scowls and insults, and within twenty or so light-fingered minutes he had pinched enough coin for some temporary lodgings and more than one good meal.

*

India shovelled the rich food into his mouth, barely pausing to chew. It seemed years since he’d had a good meal. The sea biscuits and other assortments on the Ship of the Dead weren’t the same. Come to think of it, had he ever had a meal like this? Enough on the plate not just to quell the hunger pains but fill him up and swell his stomach. Strongly flavoured enough to be genuinely pleasurable, to the point that he didn’t even want to be full, just to eat and eat forever.
Eventually though, he had to stop, and he fell back in his chair, sweating slightly. After ten minutes, when he was pondering his last words with Grimmer and what he could have said differently, he was hassled by the barwoman to get up and clear space for other folk. He used the table to pull himself up and waddled up the stairs to his new room. It was a simple enough affair, but better than India had ever bedded in. He took off his coat and dropped it to the floor, flicked through a logbook on the desk, patted the blankets on the bed and walked over to the window to open the wooden slats and lean out. His room had a perfect view of the waterfront and the bay. India watched a dark and polished brown frigate raise anchor and sails. A series of boats cast off from another ship and set out for the jetties, navy boats with cheering sailors, happy to get land under their feet and visit their favourite taverns and exotic punch houses.
India left the window open, turned, staggered a few steps and fell down on the bed. For a few, idle moments, he thought all the outside hubbub would keep him awake. But the continuing noises of Kingston, shifting and wavering, moved from reality to dream.

*

A hard slap against the floor woke him – he’d tumbled out of bed. India lay in a sweat, temporarily confused about where he was. With hair falling over his eyes, he watched a small green beetle approach him, decide he wasn’t the right sort of gent to bother with, and scuttle off.
India sat up, the events since leaving Mexico Island quickly filling in the blanks in his head. His throat hurt and he was relieved to see a bottle of water on the desk. He uncorked it and gulped. Thankfully, it wasn’t as warm as it could have been.
Judging by the afternoon light, he hadn’t slept too long. He shook his head clear and headed to the shared bathroom on the same floor, which was mercifully unoccupied. Undressing swiftly, he rubbed soap and splashed water over every part of himself twice (three times the parts that needed it most), towelled dry and dressed again. There was some kind of perfume on the counter; he sniffed it, then sprayed himself liberally. With the water bottle from his room in hand, India left the lodging house.
He walked along the waterfront for a while, then took a fork that led further into the heart of the city. Higher up, the sloped streets were quieter and less gaudy. Most of the buildings were smooth and white and smartly clean. There were fewer poor folk, that was certain. India never did steal from the poor, not if he kept his head. He thought of himself as having a good heart: he knew the difference between sorta-wrong-unless-you’re-in-a-fix and plain wrong. 
India was often in a fix.
Don’t take from those that have less than you had been one of his father’s lessons, as written in the Book and imparted to him by Mrs Wayles. And don’t take from those who have just a bit more, neither. Some folk though, you’ll know them when you see them, they could lose a whole purse of coin and would barely notice. You shouldn’t be encouraged to take that which ain’t yours. Maybe they earned it and maybe they didn’t. But if you need bread, you need bread. 
If you need bread, you need bread. That was one of the chief principles India quoted to himself from time to time. It was simple and it was always true. Who couldn’t understand it?
Well, Mrs Wayles for one, who had snapped the Book closed and said, ‘Don’t mind your father’s words now, I mean look where it got him. Keep yourself to yourself and don’t bother nobody, you hear?’
‘Where did it get my father?’ India had asked, ignoring this new, less sage advice.
‘Nowhere. Never you mind,’ Mrs Wayles had replied brusquely, brushing past him and out of the room.
India wiped the sweat gathering on his brow and paused in his climb. The slope was only getting steeper. The buildings now were all flash residences, with space around them for small gardens and pavilions. If he kept going, quite apart from exhausting himself, he’d likely be ushered away by some untrusting busybodies (not that they should trust him). He’d already passed places that Mohawk would have considered among its most opulent, and judging by the mansions that lay up ahead, such things were small fry in this city.
India had no interest in being given a kicking for coming within eyesight of someone’s garden statues, or for daring to breathe the same air as some cove’s dainty wife, so with a curl of the lip, he turned right and gave himself back to level footing.
After a few minutes wandering – down some steps, up some other steps – India found himself at the edge of a paved courtyard. In the centre, a tall youth well-dressed in white and not much older than India was fencing against the air with two thin swords, twirling and jabbing, a flamboyant yet impressive display of sword fighting. He turned, as though sensing India’s presence, and grinned, running a hand through his mop of hair.
‘Well hello. Do you fancy a fight?’ he said. ‘Come on, give me a go. Nobody else will. I mean,’ he shouted at the buildings around him, ‘where the devil else do I have to go to find a sparring partner?’ He looked back at India and grinned again (rather rakishly, India thought). ‘I don’t know,’ he said. ‘It’s awful, it really is. What’s a boy to do? Here, take the other if you’re man enough.’ He tossed India a sword and India dodged out of the way, letting it fall to the flagstones.
‘What’s the matter?’ the boy said, one hand on his hip. ‘You’re not a pacifist are you?’ His voice was airy and articulate, more Continental than Caribbean. India couldn’t quite place it. Yorkish, perhaps, or maybe Bordeauxan.
‘I don’t use swords,’ India said.
‘It’s not a sword, it’s a foil,’ the boy said. ‘Look.’ He pushed the end into his palm. ‘See? No blood.’
‘What’s the point of it then?’
‘It’s to train with, you heathen. Go on, pick it up. You’ll be fine once you’ve got a good grip on it, you seem a likely enough sort. Don’t give me another boring day.’ 
India paused, considering, then picked up the foil. It was lighter than he expected and felt strange in his hands. He flicked it about a bit, his eyes never leaving it. The foil might have been blunt, but it still cut through air.
‘There you go,’ the boy said. ‘Feels good, doesn’t it? Very swishy.’ He put his foil-carrying arm behind his back and stepped forward, sticking out his other hand.
India shook it, well disposed towards the boy’s peculiar friendliness, handsome face and cavalier smile, despite (or perhaps because of) the strain of light arrogance that ran through his words. 
‘The name’s Devil Flynn,’ the boy said. ‘It’s a pleasure to meet you.’
‘India Bones. Is that your real name?’
‘Of course not. Is it yours?’
‘Yes.’
‘Interesting. Have at you!’ The boy lunged suddenly at India, who barely managed to lift up his own foil to block, and quickly found himself off-balance in the midst of a flurry of attacks.
‘Stand to the side!’ Flynn said, jabbing at him. ‘To the side! Less of a target. Watch your feet. No, watch me! Remember your feet! Take your eyes off your sword, watch me. Parry, parry! Forward three, backwards three, it’s not a fight, it’s a dance!’
India backed away towards the side of the courtyard and flung his sword arm up as the tip of Flynn’s foil touched his neck. 
‘I surrender,’ India said.
‘Never surrender!’ Flynn shouted cheerfully. He crouched and spun around, giving India just enough time to jump the low slash at his legs.
‘Now attack me,’ Flynn said, dropping his foil to his side. India advanced and thrust, but Flynn’s arm was up in a flash and India’s foil was somehow turned out of his grip; it fell to the ground.
‘Okay, okay, you win!’ India said.
‘Half an hour more, please?’ Flynn said with a pleading note in his voice. ‘Please? I can teach you.’
India sighed, but he couldn’t say no, not under the force of that eager, imploring smile. Besides, maybe he could learn a thing or two. Not that he could do much damage with a foil, and not that he was particularly keen on picking up a real blade, at least not anytime soon . . . He had to admit, though, it did feel good, moving back and forth (largely back) around the courtyard. It reminded him of his stick fights on Mexico Island, but with a touch more grace and style.
‘Okay,’ India said. ‘Half an hour.’
‘Can I teach you to be better?’
‘I guess.’
‘Then . . . defend yourself!’

*

An hour later, India dropped his sword and sank to his knees, exhausted and dripping with sweat. ‘Stop!’ he said. ‘Stop. You’re too good for me.’
‘Well, we both knew that from the beginning,’ Flynn said, laughing. He sat down next to India. ‘You definitely improved though.’
India nodded, still catching his breath.
‘Who are you, anyway,’ Flynn said. ‘And by that, I mean why are you here? Do you live here?’
‘In Kingston? No. I’m from Mexico Island. You?’
‘Is that so? I’ve never been there. Why are you here? I’m from London, originally.’
‘It’s hard to explain. I was dropped off. Now I’m on my own. Where’s London?’
‘How dare you,’ Flynn said. ‘The duchy of London. It’s on the Continent, right in the centre of York. It’s completely criminal you haven’t heard of it. It’s only the greatest most awful place in the world.’
‘Sorry,’ India said.
‘Pfft.’ Flynn waved a hand. ‘On your own then? How old are you? Where are your parents?’
‘I’m not far from fourteen,’ India said. ‘And my mother’s dead and my father, well . . . he’s somewhere. You?’
‘Come on, walk with me, let’s get something to drink. Leave the swords there, nobody will care enough to steal them. It’s a nice area.’ Flynn stood and India followed him from the courtyard. ‘I’m sixteen,’ Flynn said. ‘It was my birthday recently. Only girls showed, but isn’t that always the way?’
‘Err . . .’
Flynn trotted down some steps. ‘I have parents myself, but you wouldn’t know it to spend time with me. I’m an exile. When did you last see your father?’
‘I’ve never seen him.’
‘That’s not a great start,’ Flynn said, not skipping a beat. ‘But best of luck finding him anyway.’
‘Thanks. Why are you an exile?’
‘Oh, I’m just being melodramatic. It was slightly upsetting at the time, but I’m over it now. My parents would say they kicked me out, emphasis on the kicked, but it’s all lies. I left of my own good accord. So perhaps it was mutual, as we’ve both disowned each other. My parents just didn’t like the way I was going.’
‘Going where?’
Flynn laughed. ‘Somewhere rapscallish, no doubt. But it’s fine now, I can look after myself. And by that I mean others can look after me for me. Life is so much easier when you can make friends, did you know that? Make and keep friends. Speaking of which . . .’ Flynn waved above his head. ‘Ho, Sally!’
India looked up to find a young woman leaning out of an upstairs window. She beamed with delight when she saw Flynn and waved back. ‘Why, if it ain’t the Devil himself!’ she said.
‘Any chance of a drink, you beauty?’ Flynn called.
‘What are you after?’
‘Oh, nothing fancy. A bottle of this, a bottle of that. How about some lemongrass water with sweet red cherry, and three shots of blue Qúraçao rum, with that gentle touch of your even sweeter smile down on it as you mix – oh, and cider!’
‘The Devil’s Special then, is all you have to ask for.’ The woman laughed. ‘Trying to impress your young friend, are you?’
‘You know me too well, my angel!’ Flynn sang back. ‘I am forever in your debt.’
‘I’ll hold you to a kiss, on my good nature!’
‘A nature so good I can barely stomach it,’ Flynn said, and bowed. The woman ducked back inside.
India stared at Flynn, his expression a mixture of disbelief, amusement and very mild disgust. ‘Is she your wife?’ India said.
Flynn’s eyes widened. ‘Wife? I’m only sixteen!’
‘You’re . . . with her though?’
‘India, India. Don’t be so naïve. I told you, make friends and keep them and you’ll never be in want! Certainly not if you have a winning smile.’
‘I think she was after more than a smile,’ India said.
‘Crude boy!’ Flynn laughed. ‘Never spoil a friendship unless it’s the sweetest of spoils. Hush now,’ he said, as the woman reappeared. He held out his hands and caught one, two, three bottles she threw at him, the third snared expertly between his forearms.
‘Thank you, my cherubic wench!’
‘Oi,’ she said. ‘We’ve talked about that one.’
‘Sorry, just slipped out! May the rest of your day be as bountiful as your bosom.’ He threw another dazzling smile up at her.
The woman rolled her eyes and shut the window.
‘Don’t always hit the mark,’ Flynn muttered. ‘Here, take this bottle will you? I’m not a distillery. That one’s yours. And half of the third, if I’m feeling gentleman enough when we get to it.’
‘Thanks,’ India said as they resumed walking once more. He uncorked his bottle and drank. It was delicious.
‘Don’t drink it like a barbarian!’ Flynn said. ‘Were you raised in a tavern?’
‘Not far off,’ India said. ‘I’m thirsty.’
‘It’ll be gone before you know it you fiend. Ah, let’s turn off here.’ He narrowed his brows and turned down a side street, away from a large building that loomed ahead.
‘Why?’
‘I’m not quite welcome in that particular establishment.’
‘Why not?’
Flynn shrugged. ‘Who knows what goes on in simple minds?’
‘Where are we going now?’
‘Do you have a place to stay?’
‘Yeah, for a short while.’
‘Good. Well, you can go back there in a bit. I’ve got a temporary stay too, with some young ditz and her mother. We’ll go back there and finish these off, then raid her mother’s cabinet for some of the good stuff while you tell me how you ended up here. Then you can crawl back to your own room and board. Deal?’
‘Okay,’ India said. ‘But you won’t believe what I tell you.’
‘Oh, all the better,’ Flynn said. ‘Don’t let believability get in the way of a good story, by all means.’ 

*

Darkness had fallen by the time India and Devil Flynn left Flynn’s temporary abode. He’d repeatedly insisted he take India home, despite no objection from India, who was too busy watching the world fall over all around him.
‘No, I must,’ Flynn said. ‘All the way home. Where is it again? Where? Where is it?’
‘Hmm?’ India glanced at him quizzically and almost lost his footing. ‘Where’s what?’
‘You cad! Your home! Your berth! Your le-pew-de-la-plum?’
‘Poo dee la plom what?’
‘I don’t know, I made it up. Is it far?’
‘It’s somewhere.’
‘Somewhere! Aha, progress!’ Flynn clapped India on the back, sending him lurching.
India righted himself, or at least angled himself vaguely upwards, and pointed at a random street. ‘That way.’ 
‘Fear the dark,’ Flynn said suddenly, one eyebrow arched comically, his eyes shifting left to right. ‘Villains are afoot.’
As if on cue, five men emerged from the darkened street India was still pointing at. He slowly dropped his arm. The men were burly things, all jaw and fist, and they came towards him and Flynn like ugly shadows.
‘What can I do for you gentlemen?’ Flynn said loudly. In a stage whisper to India, he said, ‘Forgot my bastard rapiers, or I’d be having them all for buttered toast. Our luck has – hic – dwindled.’
‘That’s him,’ one of the men said, and by the sheer size of him India took him as the leader.
‘That’s who?’ Flynn said. ‘Not me? Surely not.’
‘That boy,’ the man shouted, pointing at Flynn, ‘seduced my only child!’
‘Mine too!’ another man growled.
‘My dear sirs,’ Flynn said, bowing. ‘I’m so – hic – sorry. I had no idea you wanted first go.’
‘You’re a foul pervert,’ the first man said.
‘I’ve been called worse things.’
‘And who’s this?’ The man finally noticed India. ‘Another one to corrupt?’
‘Nonsense,’ Flynn said. ‘This is my – hic – friend. Strange ugly men, India Bones. India Bones, strange ugly men.’
‘I don’t think you should be telling them my name,’ India said. He’d backed away a few steps and was preparing to run.
‘You’re going to pay,’ the man said, stepping forward and cracking his knuckles.
Flynn sighed – and with a sudden burst of agility that defied intoxication, leaped on top of a fence. ‘India,’ he called down, ‘I am afraid we must – hic – part ways. The situation calls for a split-up of our newly formed team.’
India nodded to show he understood, but he was frowning. ‘Will I see you again?’
‘Undoubtedly,’ Flynn said. He struck a heroic pose. ‘Across the Caribbean, across the great wide world, wherever swords clash, or ladies sigh and swoon, call my name and I will be there! Devil Flynn – hic – departs!’ He took one final bow and then grinned, fixing India with eyes that flashed in the moonlight. ‘Run like hell, India!’
And he was off, racing along the top of the fence. Three of the men charged after him, shouting. The other two turned to India.
‘Oh, shank,’ India said, and ran the other way.

*

Panting for breath, India turned a sharp corner only to collide with something that he quickly realised, picking himself up off the ground, was a someone.
‘Are – are you okay?’ he said. He glanced back the way he’d come, listening intently. It sounded like he’d lost the pursuit. Devil Flynn would be having a harder time of it; he was the one the men truly wanted to catch, for whatever reason they’d dredged up in their thick skulls. India dreaded to think what they’d do if they caught him, but he had faith that Flynn could outpace and outsmart them.
‘No, I’m not okay!’ a voice said, and India turned to find a fancy-dressed girl sprawled on the ground, eyeing him furiously. She thrust out a white-gloved hand. He stared at it.
‘Um,’ he said.
‘Help me up, you stupid boy!’ the girl said. India took her hand and pulled; as soon as she was upright, she let go of his hand and pushed him away.
‘You’ve got my shoes and my dress dirty,’ she complained, smoothing herself out. ‘What did you think you were doing, racing about at night without looking where you were going?’
‘I’m, um, sorry,’ India said. Had anyone else spoken to him like that, he’d either have ignored them or told them to shank off, but he couldn’t help but apologise to this girl: he was entranced. She was terribly pretty for her age (she was taller than India and must have been around sixteen), and judging by how she carried herself and spoke to him, she was well aware of it. India would never have said so before, but right then he decided that, annoyingly, her arrogance only made her prettier.
‘So you should be,’ she said, inspecting the blonde curls of her hair for dirt. ‘You have ruined my evening walk. How am I going to explain this to my father? He’ll know I was out the house and he’s never liked me walking about by myself at night. Not that it’s stopped me, of course.’ She put her hands on her hips. ‘Well?’ she said, raising an eyebrow.
India blinked. ‘Well?’
‘I asked you a question. I said, how am I going to explain this to my father? Don’t look at me like I’m crazy, I know that look.’
‘I’m not looking at you like you’re crazy,’ India said. He was staring, though, and averted his eyes.
‘Look at me when I’m talking to you!’ the girl said. Then she sighed. ‘Well. It’s done now. You could at least tell me your name, and why you bumped into me.’
India coughed. He felt himself going red and instantly hated himself for it. He hoped it was too dark to notice. ‘I was being chased,’ he said. ‘And my name’s India Bones. Ma’am,’ he added.
The girl rolled her eyes. ‘Don’t call me ma’am, I’m not an old maid. Chased? Why were you being chased? Are you a thief? Have you killed someone?’ India was surprised to see a glimmer of excitement in her doe eyes.
‘N-no,’ India stammered. Well, technically he was a thief, or rather had been a thief, many times, but that wasn’t relevant right now. ‘They were after my friend, a group of men. We split up and a couple of them chased me.’
‘Hmm,’ the girl said, pursing her lips. ‘What was your friend’s name?’
‘Devil Flynn.’
The girl gave a short, sharp laugh. ‘Oh, Devil. Well. I’m hardly surprised. I’m sure he’s used to it.’ Taking a step back, she looked him up and down, appraising him. She stuck out her hand again and India, after a moment’s hesitation, shook it lightly.
‘My name’s Salia Crescent,’ she said. ‘I trust you know who I am.’ 

* 

‘How old do you think I am?’
They were walking back up the hill, up a sequence of staircases that connected the side streets. Salia was leading India back to her house. Try as he might, he couldn’t piece together what had led to this outcome. He began to believe nothing had preceded it and he was simply following the girl. Possibly she had commanded it: he wouldn’t have been surprised.
‘Um, sixteen?’ he said. ‘Seventeen.’
Salia tossed her hair back, as though both expecting and pleased with the answer. ‘I’m fourteen,’ she said. ‘I’m mature for my age, though.’
‘Uh-huh,’ India said.
‘Don’t you think I’m pretty?’
India was temporarily lost for words. He swallowed.
‘Well?’
‘You’re okay?’ he said.
Salia laughed. ‘Don’t be silly. You’re hiding. That just means you think I’m beautiful. Don’t think I can’t read you boys, you’re all the same.’
‘I ain’t the same,’ India said.
Salia glanced at him. ‘Aren’t you? Hmm. Well, you’re a little rougher around the edges. I like that.’ She smiled, and from deep within he felt a strange warmth.
 ‘My father’s Jone Crescent,’ she said. ‘If my name has slipped your mind, you must know him.’
India shrugged. ‘I told you, I only arrived yesterday.’
Salia pouted. ‘Fine. I’ll let you off, for now. You’ll want to learn fast, though.’
‘Why’s that?’
‘The Crescents and the Mains are both families that like to be well regarded,’ she said. ‘Or hadn’t you noticed?’ She smiled again, obviously more self-aware than she’d previously let on. ‘By the way, who is your father?’ She held up her gloved hand as they approached another set of steps.
‘He’s High Captain Indiana Wolfgang Bones,’ India said, taking her hand, feeling a little self-conscious. He didn’t like to act like something he wasn’t, and a gentleman he wasn’t. 
Salia looked at him oddly. ‘That rings a bell.’
‘It should do. He’s famous.’
‘Famous . . .’ Salia murmured. ‘Wolfgang. Wasn’t there a story about him?’
‘There’s lots of stories,’ India said. 
‘I think I’ve read about him. Are you sure that’s your father?’
India stiffened. ‘Yes.’
Salia smiled a third time. ‘If you say so.’
He scowled. ‘You said the Crescents and the Mains. Who are the Mains?’
She stared. ‘Now you have to be kidding me.’
‘I told you, I’ve only just—’
‘Sir Treymeir Main is the Governor of Kingston. Goodness. Learn that at least. Treymeir and Lady Rosary and their son Lancer live with me and father. Lady Rosary is my father’s sister. They had some money troubles and they lost their house and had to move in with us. They’ll tell you it was the other way round but it’s all lies. Don’t even mention it to them, Sir Treymeir will go deathly quiet and Lancer will give you a hell of a kicking. It gets rather crowded though, father and I only have four or five rooms to ourselves.’
‘Uh,’ India said, imagining what it’d be like to have even one room of his own (beyond the cupboard-sized berth at Mrs Wayles’s, which wasn’t even really his). This girl led a vastly different life to him. ‘What are they like then?’
Salia waved her hand dismissively. ‘Sir Treymeir is cold and hard and sullen and no fun at all. He hits Lancer sometimes. Lady Rosary is always sad, you never really see her, she stays in her room most of the time. I’d almost feel sorry for my cousin Lancer if he weren’t so awful and boring. And he has this mole on his cheek, I swear it stares at me. It’s best to avoid Lancer after his father has beaten him, he goes looking for someone to take it out on. He’s a bully.’
‘Has he ever hit you?’ India asked, instantly developing a distaste for the Main family. He started to hang back, uncomfortable at the thought of entering this flash residence full of unpleasant people.
‘Lancer? Oh, he wouldn’t dare,’ Salia said. She reached out for India’s arm and took firm hold of it, pulling him along. ‘Come on, come on,’ she said.
‘I guess your father wouldn’t allow for that.’
‘Never mind my father. He knows better than to try anything with me. I’d bite his tongue off. In fact, the last time he tried to bother me he got a pointed kick in the privates for his trouble. Silly boy. No doubt he hates me, but there you go. I’d be careful around him if I were you though, he’ll take you for an easy victim.’
‘I’m not,’ India said.
‘Perhaps,’ Salia replied. ‘Anyway, here we are.’
They’d reached the top of the hill. Looking behind him India could see for miles and miles, across the city as it fell away beneath him and the sea beyond. A tug from Salia made him turn forward again, swallowing with intimidation as he beheld a great white mansion. They passed a wrought iron gate which opened noiselessly and walked slowly along an arrow-straight path that led between twin fountains in a paved garden. Soft orange lights beckoned from a dozen windows.
Salia knocked on the front door.
After a few moments, in which she fidgeted and clicked her shoes together, the door opened. A pale, glum-faced youth with shoulder length black hair and black clothes stood framed in the light. ‘Miss Salia,’ he said, in a lower voice than India would have expected.
‘Eli,’ she said, and brushed past him, pulling India with her. ‘Is Peith not here?’
‘He left two weeks ago, miss.’
‘Oh yes, I keep forgetting. He’s our old butler,’ Salia explained to India. ‘I mean that he’s old, not that he’s no longer our butler. Oh, he’s that too, I suppose. Still, we hardly need him when we have Eli, do we?’ She patted the youth on his shoulder. ‘Take off your boots,’ she said to India, who awkwardly obeyed.
‘Eli works for us too. Eli Manson. He’s like our cabin boy, if we were on a ship,’ Salia continued, as though Eli weren’t there. ‘He started out just doing some of the cleaning and manual stuff Peith was too old for, but now he does just about everything. I like him. Lancer hates him.’
Eli murmured something under his breath, but India didn’t catch it and Salia didn’t seem to notice.
‘Salia dear? Where have you been?’ A middle-aged man popped his head out from an adjoining room just as India succeeded in kicking off his second boot. The man had short, well-combed blond hair and a trim moustache, and he wore spectacles perched on the end of his nose. ‘The state of your dress, dear!’ His eyes opened like those of an owl when he took in India, who raised his hand in greeting.
‘Uh—’ India began.
‘This is India Mancer, Father,’ Salia interrupted. ‘I’d like him to stay for dinner.’
Jone Crescent blinked. ‘Er, dear, dinner was over a while ago, and I don’t think he’s quite the sort—’
‘I’m sure Eli can sort something out for us. He’s come far to be here and the least we can do is show some hospitality. His father’s well known in the West Caribbean.’
‘He is? What – what’s his name, young, uh, young sir?’
‘High Captain Indiana Wolfgang—’
‘Mancer,’ Salia finished for him. ‘Wolfgang Mancer.’
Jone Crescent scratched his moustache. ‘It rings a, um, small bell, I think. It sounds a little piratical, don’t you think, though?’
‘Not at all,’ Salia said. ‘They’re just a bit different over there, you know.’
‘Ah yes, yes. Well . . .’ Her father hesitated, while Salia tapped her foot. ‘You know best dear,’ he said, and added, mumbling, ‘we must have a talk about this kind of thing tomorrow . . . out at night again . . . surprise visitors . . . your dress will need cleaned . . .’ He ducked his head back into the room, still mumbling to himself.
‘Good good,’ Salia said. ‘Eli, be kind and make us something to eat and drink. You know the kind of thing I like at this time.’
‘Yes miss,’ Eli said, and left.
‘This way,’ Salia said, leading India down a polished wooden hall, bypassing closed doors with golden knobs to the left and right. Dustless portraits of well-dressed ladies and gents stared down at him from the walls.
‘Sorry about my father,’ Salia whispered. ‘He can be a bit unreasonable at times.’
‘Why did you call me and my father Mancer?’ India asked. He already felt like he didn’t belong in this place, and he hadn’t even met any of the Mains.
‘I thought Bones was a bit common,’ Salia said. ‘Oh, don’t be like that. I like it, it’s dirty. But we have to keep up appearances, don’t we?’
‘Do we?’ India said, wondering what she meant by “dirty” and how it could possibly be a compliment (if it even was).
‘Yes. Now sit down in here.’ She’d led him into a drawing room richly furnished with patterned carpets and throws and silver plates on the mantelpiece and more portraits on the walls, artwork not of people at all but of cows and fruit and burning ships. Several small lamps bathed the room in a slightly eerie, dancing glow. 
India continued to stand, wondering which seat would be least befouled with his rear end stuck on it. Salia rolled her eyes, and with a slight encouraging push of her fingers, India let himself fall back into the closest chair.
‘Eli will be along soon with tea and jam and bread. And cake,’ Salia said, sitting in the chair opposite him and taking off her gloves. Her face was almost hypnotising in the low, orange light that spread more shadows than it quenched. Black spectres seemed to cluster around them, shrouding the corners of the room, and India had the strangest feeling that it was just the two of them alone in a world of darkness.
‘Tell me everything,’ she said, leaning forward greedily. ‘And don’t leave out any of the horrible bits.’

The Main Course


Once India started, he found he couldn’t really stop, not with her. He talked about growing up on Mexico Island, about Mr Bassard and Mrs Wayles, about what he’d been told and read of his father, about how his mother had died giving birth to him. He told Salia about the Aztec Tomb and – he considered leaving it out, but something in her face prompted him to spill it – his fight against Skiv. 
When it came to the Ship of the Dead, though, India decided to replace his journey across the sea with a derring-do tale of sailing with a pirate ship and starting a mutiny against the captain (he would have succeeded, had the cowardly quartermaster not shoved him over the side while his back was turned). He’d fended off ravenous sharks until he’d found a piece of flotsam (from the subsequently exploded pirate ship) and paddled his way to the shores of Kingston.
He sensed that Salia knew he was lying, as he got increasingly carried away with himself, but she didn’t seem in a hurry to interrupt him. To please her, he threw in a small bloodbath amongst a group of cannibals in the Kingston jungle, a conflict from which he’d barely escaped with his life.
‘I’ll pretend I believe you,’ Salia said when he’d finished. ‘If only because it was a good story.’
‘Thank you,’ India said.
‘And because the truth would be a lot more boring.’
India hesitated, then said, ‘Not that much more boring.’
‘Really?’ 
‘But less believable.’
‘I don’t think anything could be less believable than you taking down a single pirate, let alone a whole tribe of bloodthirsty cannibals.’
‘I could too.’
‘If you say so. What happened then?’ Salia leaned forward, pressing her fingers together in her lap. ‘Go on, tell me. At worst it’ll be another lie.’
‘It ain’t a lie. Alright, fine. It was true up until the part I left Mexico Island.’ India sighed and took a final gulp of his tea. It tasted sweeter than he was used to, but it was good. The jam and bread and cake had been demolished.
‘I wasn’t on board a pirate ship,’ he said. ‘I was on board the Ship of the Dead.’
‘Indeed,’ Salia said. ‘Go on.’
‘You don’t believe me already.’
‘Nonsense. I’ve met dozens of skeletons myself.’
‘You have?’
‘Of course.’
‘You’re lying.’
Salia smiled. ‘Easy, isn’t it? Tell me anyway.’
India contemplated not saying any more, but he knew she’d just press him until he did. So he told her about the dance of the dead (she nodded; she knew of it), about his mistaken kidnapping, about Grimmer and the others on the ship, and about anchoring at Lonely Carib and being forced to leave. He murmured the last part, looking at his hands.
‘Where’s Lonely Carib?’ Salia said.
‘It’s a beach outside the city. You probably don’t have a name for it.’ 
‘Hmm,’ Salia said. ‘Interesting.’ She leaned back in her chair.
‘Still don’t believe me? I guess I don’t blame you.’
‘Well . . .’ Salia started, then shrugged. ‘Who cares. It was interesting. If it happened, and you certainly did speak very differently when you told the story the second time – see I can tell when people lie because I’m so good at it myself, and you can’t be better than me – but . . . if it happened, then you’ve been terribly lucky. I wish I could talk to the dead. I’ve only seen them in pictures. I know it exists though, the Skeleton Crew and the Ship of the Dead, I mean. They’re in one of my books. Ooh, were they rotting?’
‘No,’ India said, pleased that she at least halfway believed him. ‘Just bones.’
‘Mmm,’ Salia said. ‘When will they be back, then?’
‘I’ve no idea,’ India admitted. ‘I really hope I’ll see them again.’
‘If you do, take me with you, will you?’
India smiled. ‘I don’t think your father would like that.’
‘Oh, shank my father,’ Salia said, then clapped her fingers to her mouth and giggled. ‘Oops.’ She straightened and glanced at the clock on the mantelpiece. ‘Look at the time!’ she said. ‘We’d better get you to bed.’
‘To . . .’
‘There’s a guest bedroom upstairs, third on the left,’ Salia said, blowing out a lamp. ‘Next to mine. Which will be on your right,’ she added. ‘Not opposite and to-the-right, that’s my father’s. It’d be best not to get them mixed up. Not that you should be leaving your room at all. Except for the bathroom, that’s at the end of the hall. And don’t go wandering and cross to the East Wing, whatever you do, that’s where the Mains live. Oh, and don’t steal any of our silver and run away, or I’ll chase you down and kill you myself. Or Father will put a bounty on your head. The front door’s locked anyway. So, yes. You’re second on the left, I mean third on the left, and I’m on your right. Do you understand?’
India had closed his eyes during the last part of this speech; a rush of tiredness washed over him. A lot had happened in one day. ‘I think I should probably be getting back to my own bed,’ he said. ‘I did pay for it.’
‘And where did that money come from, you thief?’ Salia winked and he blushed. ‘You’re not going back to some hovel tonight. I told you, the door’s locked. And I insist,’ she said, another of those stubborn take-no-prisoners stances that India was coming to enjoy. ‘Eli will fetch your bags in the morning.’
‘My bags?’
‘Yes. Your things. What do you think I mean?’
‘I left my coat there. I’ll go get it myself, though.’
‘Your coat? Is that all you have?’
‘Were you listening to my story?’
‘A bit. The good parts, I was. Anyway, Eli will get it. You’ll stay and entertain me. Presuming you haven’t annoyed me too much by then. I’m kidding. Or not.’ She picked up the last of the lamps and guided him upstairs.
‘Which is your bedroom?’ she said.
‘Second on the left. No, third on the left.’
‘An easy mistake to make,’ she said. ‘Good night.’

*

India awoke in the softest bed he’d ever slept in by a considerable margin. He didn’t know they made beds so soft. But even despite his exhaustion, it had taken him a while to fall asleep. He’d tried curling up with a blanket on the wooden floor and then imagined Salia bursting in in the morning to catch him spread-eagled on the ground and decided he’d – how had she put it? – keep up appearances.
With surprise he found that his clothes had vanished and been replaced with a tidy white and navy number; he gave the shirt a bit of a scrunch to get some creases into it before pulling it on. He finished buckling the belt of the pantaloons, half admired and half scorned his reflection, then traipsed downstairs.
‘In here India!’ Salia’s voice called out from the dining room. 
India entered through the appropriate door. A long polished wood table stood in the centre of the room, covered with a dozen china plates and pots, loaded with jam and scones and butter and cream and cakes and cheeses and cold meats, and a number of things he couldn’t recognise, but were likely imported from places he’d never heard of.
The table faced India lengthwise. At one end sat Salia and her father; at the other a grey-haired and hook-nosed man India took to be Treymeir Main. His eyes flicked up at India for only a second before returning to his meal. His face was dour and there was a slight curl to his lip.
‘You finally saw fit to join us then,’ Salia said, resting a hand on the chair next to her. ‘Sleepy head.’
‘Good morning,’ Salia’s father said.
‘Morning, sir,’ India said. ‘Miss Salia. Er, Sir Treymeir, sir.’
Treymeir Main gave no indication he had heard, but Jone Crescent beamed at India, perhaps simply happy that he knew how to talk proper.
India took a seat next to Salia, who immediately began piling his plate with various things. His stomach rumbled and he struggled not to plunge into the food like a pig and its swill. He picked up the knife and fork, manoeuvred his grip to roughly match the others, then got to work as patiently and gracefully as he could manage.
‘What do you do, sir?’ India remembered to swallow his mouthful before he addressed Jone Crescent. ‘If you don’t mind me asking and all. You seem like a very fla— a very rich gent, if you don’t mind me saying.’ He wasn’t hugely interested, but he figured the sooner he asked questions, the sooner he could get the old cove talking and prevent anyone else from enquiring about him and his ‘Mancer’ father. He caught the eye of Salia, who nodded and smiled.
‘I came into Crescent Trades when my father passed away,’ Jone Crescent said, buttering some bread. ‘He was a working man, raised it up from nothing over thirty years. I was only at the helm for a decade before I sold it off to the government. It’s the Kingston Royal Trading Company now.’
‘Nine years.’ Treymeir Main spoke suddenly, not looking up from his food. ‘And Kingston Royal did even a worse job of it than you.’ His voice was that of a sour old man who smoked too much, and it was immediately irritating to India’s ears.
Jone Crescent went red and coughed. ‘Yes, well,’ he said. Salia was watching Treymeir with quietly disguised contempt.
‘That’s very impressive, sir,’ India said. ‘What are you up to now?’
‘Now?’ Jone Crescent’s moustache twitched. He continued to pile butter on his bread. ‘I’ve got my fingers in a few, um, pies.’
‘Father writes a lot of letters,’ Salia said. ‘He likes to help people out.’
‘Indeed, dear,’ Jone Crescent said.
‘And move people’s money around.’
Jone Crescent coughed again. At that moment hard steps sounded and the door to the dining room swung open; a young man of around nineteen or twenty strode in, stopping short when he spotted India.
‘I see Salia has got herself another pet,’ he said. He sat down next to his father and immediately began eating.
‘Lancer,’ Salia whispered in India’s ear, although he didn’t need to be told. He eyed the man, feeling a greater dislike towards him than he did for Treymeir Main. Lancer was tall and blue-eyed and blond, one lock of hair curled perfectly on his forehead. He had a pointed, imperious nose and a slightly pinched face, as though he’d eaten something sour, or smelled some unpleasant odour. Like his father, he ignored the rest of the table. 
‘Father, can India stay with us for a while?’ Salia asked, her eyes on Lancer.
‘Um.’ Her father swallowed. ‘I, um, well if—’
‘It’s fine, really, I’ve got my own place,’ India said hastily.
‘He doesn’t really,’ Salia said. ‘He’s only just arrived here, and he’s an orphan.’ She kicked India under the table before he could protest.
‘Oh, I’m dreadfully sorry,’ her father said. ‘Well, of course, of course. Of course he can stay, for a little while at least.’
‘Thank you Father.’ Salia leaned over to kiss him on the cheek.
Lancer made a noise like he was about to be sick. He was staring at India, his lip curled. ‘Must we allow this Father? In our house? Any old street trash . . .’
‘I am not street trash!’ India interjected at the same moment Salia said, ‘It is not your house!’
Lancer and India glowered at each other. The streets of Mohawk had taught India not to take an insult passively, because if you did, they’d get slung your way constantly, and worse. Lancer’s eyes betrayed something else too: the contempt and disdain born of arrogant superiority.
‘I believe he has – had – a respectable father,’ Jone Crescent said. ‘Please, Lancer.’
‘Please yourself, you doddering old man,’ Lancer said.
Salia took a sharp breath, but before she could say anything, Treymeir Main spoke.
‘Leave the table,’ he said without looking up. He was carving meat, his knife making a squeaky, scratching noise every time it hit the plate.
‘Father—’ Lancer began to protest.
‘Leave the table,’ his father said again, harsh as iron.
Lancer shoved himself to his feet and stiffly exited the room, but not without one last dirty look at India. 
India knew what he was thinking. ‘Well shank you too,’ he muttered quietly. He thought he’d said it too low for anyone to hear, but Salia squeezed his leg. They grinned at each other, somewhat calming India’s hot flush of anger.
For the rest of the meal, nobody spoke.
 
*

‘I’m sorry about that,’ Salia said afterwards. She and India were back in the drawing room. Jone Crescent had shut himself in his study and Treymeir Main had retreated to the East Wing.
‘It’s alright,’ India said. ‘I don’t like your cousin.’
‘He’s awful, isn’t he? You know he’ll come after you, now.’
‘I didn’t say anything!’
‘You were the reason his father got angry and embarrassed him. There’s nothing he hates more than being embarrassed in front of others.’
‘Well I’m not scared of him.’
‘Big brave boy,’ Salia said, reaching over and squeezing his arm. 
He couldn’t tell if she was mocking him or not. She looked away as the door opened. 
‘Eli,’ she said. ‘Do you want to join us? Oh Eli.’
Eli struggled to hide a limp as he approached. The right side of his face was covered in bruises. 
‘What happened?’ India asked.
‘I’ve brought you your coat, sir,’ Eli said. ‘I left it hung up in the hall.’
‘But how did you—’
‘They know me well there, sir. They trust that I’m coming on your behalf, and aren’t no thief.’
‘No, I mean – did some sour thug beat you up?’
Salia put her hand on India’s. ‘It was Lancer,’ she said.
‘That shanking wretch!’ India spat. ‘Who does he think he is? Why’d he do it?’
‘Master Lancer was in a temper, sir,’ Eli said. ‘It’s okay.’
‘Don’t call me sir, Eli,’ India said. ‘Really. I’m no sir. And it ain’t okay. You didn’t do anything wrong.’
‘I’m used to it,’ Eli said. ‘Don’t worry about me. Please.’
India stood. ‘I’m gonna talk to him, face to face.’ He expected Salia to plead with him not to, to pull him back into the chair, but instead she leapt up. 
‘Oh, yes!’ she said, clapping her hands together. ‘Go and hit him!’
‘Please, sir . . .’ Eli looked sad and desperate.
‘No sirs, Eli, I told you. From now on, me and you are friends.’
‘It’ll only make things worse,’ Eli said after a moment.
‘We’ll make him worse,’ Salia said.
At Salia’s enthusiasm, India’s own hot blood faltered. He reminded himself that Lancer was several years older than him and a good deal taller. India reckoned he was good in a scrap, but he’d never fought someone Lancer’s age and size before, at least not in a real one on one, where he wasn’t simply trying to extricate himself from some angry cove’s grip and run like hell. Lancer might even know how to fence and shoot, being a flash gent and all. India took Lancer for a coward at heart, but he had no idea how tough or weak he truly could be, or what more he could bring to an engagement, what further animosity India might rile by standing up to him.
‘How about . . . I’ve got another idea,’ India said. ‘One that might avoid starting a small war in the house.’
‘What’s that?’
‘Let’s get him back, but without him knowing it’s us. Do something to him. I don’t know what.’
‘Oh, excellent!’ Salia said. ‘Let me think of something. It’s got to be something evil.’
‘Be my guest.’ India grinned, flopping back down into the chair. ‘Pull up a seat, Eli,’ he said. ‘Join us in our evil plans.’
Eli hesitated, but Salia gestured at him. ‘Come on, silly. We’ll be the evil three, no, the terrible trio.’
Eli smiled, awkwardly at first, and then his face relaxed into a toothy grin. He pulled a chair closer and sat down, looking from India to Salia, his eyes widening as they talked.

The Terrible Trio


If India had been told he would end up spending a whole month in Salia’s residence, trading devil looks and insults with Lancer, repeatedly angered and then gleefully satisfied as he, Salia, and Eli pranked Lancer again and again, he would have been entirely disbelieving and more than a little confused. After all, what was keeping him there? He could depart at any moment, and often he did. Salia’s locked-front-door was just a silly gambit to encourage him to stay; only a few days passed before he was coming and going with her and Eli, and sometimes he let himself in and out on his own (much to Treymeir Main’s disdain and Lancer’s intense frustration).
The truth was, it wasn’t the lavish bed and breakfasts that enticed him to remain a guest (perhaps even a lodger, although nobody was about to voice that word). It was the friendship of Salia and Eli. In a way, India loved them both, although he would have brushed off such a word. Salia was charming, deliciously manipulative and entertainingly arrogant and vain. She was also boisterous and wicked; there were a few times she nearly got India arrested on account of her dares. On some level he very much enjoyed seeing Salia get whatever she wanted, despite his and others’ feeble protests. At the moment of every victory, devilish pleasure would cross her face and seeing it gave India a queer sensation in his stomach, a warm and not unpleasant kind of stomachache. If he was honest with himself, he doubted he’d be quite so enraptured if she were anyone else. But Salia was Salia; only she could make someone work and still retain (and even embolden) their attraction to her, as well as India’s friendship.
Eli was different, but India cherished his company all the same. He wasn’t particularly emotional, at least not like India and Salia, and his resting face often seemed rather sad. But nothing pleased India more than when he and Salia could coax sudden excitement from the fourteen-year-old boy. At first Eli had hung back, always presuming he wasn’t wanted unless specifically told otherwise (India got the feeling that Salia had rarely spent time with Eli before his arrival). Eventually, though, Eli seemed to accept that his presence was desired and possibly even appreciated. After the first week he was addressing Salia as “miss” less than half the time (she’d never bothered to correct him one way or the other). He’d even ceased his expression of surprise whenever he was referred to as their friend; a shy, slightly embarrassed smile continued in its place. 
India got on with Eli more than he expected and wondered if it was as simple as being a fellow male of around the same age. In truth, he’d never really had friends before, not proper ones. He’d always been independent, going off on his own far more often than not, and he’d never encountered anyone who’d given him reason enough to change. There were times still when he’d part from Salia and Eli and go it alone, sometimes for many hours, exploring Kingston and the surrounding jungle; it felt good and much needed to replenish himself. But he didn’t feel the need to do that as often as he thought he would. 
Kingston was a fascinating place, especially in those first couple weeks, when everything was fresh and new. It was India who encouraged the other two to show him everything there was to see, and he in turn discovered a whole heap of things they’d never encountered. There were so many seemingly dead ends that sprouted tiny old lanes, just gaps between buildings where you had to walk single file, while awnings crowded overhead and blocked out the sun.
The three of them explored the city’s wealthiest district, where the Crescent and Main mansion stood proud. They splashed water at each other from fountains (‘I’ll kill you!’ Salia squealed. ‘I’m soaking wet!’) and ran from lawn to lawn, more than once knocking over pots and whatever else got in their way – who cared? Who had time to look back?
They explored the markets, not the ones on the waterfront but the hidden markets, where incense and spice roiled and tangled with the sickly sweet odours of glazed meats and overripe fruit. The less salubrious alehouses and punch houses had their own aromas, their own particular patrons. All the buildings were flush with colour, purples and reds and oranges, each place a plumage, eager to attract.
They explored the oldest churches, the high steeples and the huge bronze bells that tolled within, taking turns leaping on and off the ropes, the three of them running away as parishioners and preachers shook fists at their backs and called them sons of devils.
They explored the crumbling castle ruins off to the west, on a green stretch ridden with flowery weeds and trees whose cobwebs of roots lived more out of the earth than in, giving the impression that whenever backs were turned they would up and crawl to a new home.
They ran the fringes of the jungle, India and Eli brushing through vines and thick undergrowth while Salia paced outside, calling impatiently for them to come back and stop ruining their clothes.
From time to time, India noticed guards. They were redcoats with black cocked hats, signalling that, Kingston soldiers or not, ultimately they were under the authority of Her Royal Majesty of York, just like Governor Main. There weren’t many, and cast over the whole of Kingston and its surrounding area the guards seemed few and far between, but every so often a small scarlet troop would stomp past, rifles on shoulders, stiff-necked and clean-shaven, silver cutlasses held tight at their belts. They were always led, India noticed, by some rum-looking cove with a big nose and a ruddy face, someone who clearly hoped that one day, given enough fawning to his moustache-twirling superiors, he’d become a flash cur himself. 
You had to watch out for those people, India knew. Man or woman, they didn’t care what kind of trouble they put the average folk in, as long as they “did their duty” (and reaped their own rewards). Sometimes India saw them lift up some poor drunk and take him away; other times it was a beggar who was escorted off. Kingston was running a far tighter ship than anywhere on Mexico Island. India didn’t want to think about what happened to those waylaid souls – they were drying up in a hot stone jail at the very least.
There were soldiers and there were poor folk, there were merchants and sailors, servants and ohdwaas, and the rich ladies and gents strolling with their parasols and white wigs. There were card sharps and coin dogs, dirty harrys and cherry howlers, crabbers and crows, dippers and divers, toads and pikes, clever jacks and broadside humblers. There were hailers and marys, swindlers and wheedlers, fakers and roarers and every kind of folk you could ever imagine.
But there were no pirates.
And there was no Devil Flynn.

*

The first prank, the one they’d formed the Terrible Trio to plot that late morning after Eli had come in bruised – that had been simple enough. They’d taken a long time to come up with it; there was an endless stream of ideas, most of which involved poisoning food in some way, or stealing Lancer’s things, but those were all pulled short by the fact that Lancer would know it was them.
Eventually, Salia realised that they’d have to do something outside, where Lancer wouldn’t be able to pin it on his immediate household. Ideas untethered to any kind of plan burst forth. Set the army on him? Have him chased by dogs? Get him lost in the jungle? Make him slip in mud? The afternoon wore on and they ate lunch in the drawing room, preferring to leave Lancer alone for now. India and Eli were happy to talk with their mouths full, while Salia made a point of daintily chewing and swallowing each bite before speaking – which forced her to listen, giving them a few chances to speak without interruption.
The final plan was inelegant but effective. They would tail Lancer once he’d left the house, and Salia would persuade a random stranger to throw dung at Lancer’s head. India had suggested she pay somebody, but Salia had been convinced she could persuade on her own merits. As it turned out, she was more than right – she roped in not one but three people to do the throwing. India suspected a large part of their ready agreement was a united dislike of Lancer, who, he’d gathered, regularly strutted about the town, bullying others and hiding behind the authority of his father. He was known by most of Kingston and rarely in a good way.
‘If they all hate him so much,’ India had asked, ‘why have they not done this already?’
‘Some people just need others to suggest it to them,’ Salia had replied. ‘They secretly want to, they just want a rich and pretty lady like me to tell them they can.’
India, Salia, and Eli waited to see the show, nervously hanging back, half hidden. They knew Lancer’s route, knew he’d walk under the bridge. One assailant waited there and another on each side of the street, looking out from the windows of twin alehouses.
India watched openmouthed, too awed to laugh, as three missiles were thrown simultaneously from three different directions. One missed, one hit Lancer’s chest – leaving a big brown stain on his coat – and the third sailed in a perfect arc to slap him between the eyes. Lancer staggered back, stunned, blinking furiously. His forehead was covered in dung.
India covered Salia’s mouth with his hand, sensing an imminent eruption of giggles. His own grin was threatening to take over his face. Eli was transfixed, like his dreams had finally come true.
‘Who the shank did this?!’ The screech echoed up the street. People stopped and stared, then turned away, covering their mouths. Those who couldn’t suppress their laughter hurried away. The attackers had already fled.
‘Show yourselves!’ Lancer screamed, spinning around. The part of his face that hadn’t been struck with dung was now bright red bordering on purple, almost throbbing in rage. India had never seen a grown man’s face so monstrously overwhelmed. Lancer was like a hysterical baby.
‘I’ll send the lot of you to the dungeons! You idiots! You filthy shanking beggars! I’ll see you all flogged, no, killed! See how many brats you can raise crawling in the muck then! Just you wait! I’ll have officers down here right now, we’ll put your squalid little homes to the torch!’ Lancer stormed off, trembling, tearing a nearby woman’s shawl off to clean his face, then throwing it to the ground.
‘Shanking hell,’ India said, whistling through his teeth. ‘I knew we’d get a reaction but not like that. It’s a good job he didn’t see us.’ He felt a ripple of worry. ‘He doesn’t mean it about killing all these people and burning their homes, does he?’
Salia shook her head. ‘He doesn’t have that kind of power. Even Sir Treymeir wouldn’t do that, he’d have the whole city up against him. If Lancer never identifies who did it, they can’t imprison or hurt anyone for it.’
‘But he could pick out anyone and say it was them, just for his own satisfaction.’
‘Kingston is corrupt,’ Salia said. ‘But not that corrupt. Nobody likes him, and he’ll have no witnesses to an identity, if anyone but us even saw who did it. Plus, his father wouldn’t care enough to enforce anything. I wouldn’t be surprised if Sir Treymeir blames Lancer for letting it happen and letting his temper get the better of him. He might even beat him for it, for embarrassing him.’
India pushed away a twinge of sympathy. It was possible to excuse plenty of people’s behaviour on account of the failings of their parents, but really everyone was their own person. Lancer was a grown-up and grown-ups had to take responsibility for being awful. 
‘What if he’ll be worse to everyone in the city now because of this?’ Eli said, clearly worried.
Salia waved her hand. ‘He’s already nasty. It’ll be fine, he’ll get over it. He’ll just stay in his room and bang about and seethe for a while.’ She sighed. ‘Can I laugh now?’
‘It’s a bit late, ain’t it?’ India said.
‘Nonsense.’ Salia took a deep breath, threw back her head and began to laugh. Perhaps it was forced at first, but soon it became its own infectious thing; tears rolled down Salia’s cheeks, and India couldn’t help but join in. Even Eli’s grin transformed to a low chuckle.
The three of them left the scene, side by side, laughing at their victory, blissfully unaware of the war they had started.

*

That first night, they kept themselves locked in Salia’s bedroom until very late. It was mostly for the sake of Eli, who’d never been in her room without engaging in some household chore. It had only just occurred to India and Salia (no doubt it had been on Eli’s mind from the beginning) that Lancer might take his anger out on Eli again. So they decided to keep Eli out of the way until the storm calmed.
India had expected to hear Lancer’s raging throughout the house, but instead there was only a deep silence that went on and on, in a way that seemed even worse.
The next day, the silence was broken by the shouts of Treymeir Main. His words were muffled, but India got the gist. There was no argument, no retaliatory words. Treymeir Main may as well have been raging at a wall.
Afterwards, India carefully stole his way into the East Wing and listened at Lancer’s door, heart pounding, anxious that Lancer might come out at any moment and see him. He couldn’t say what drove him there, but he was stunned when he realised the strange noises he was hearing were those of Lancer crying. India left quickly, uncertain and uncomfortable. He didn’t mention it to the others and by the next day it had all but escaped his mind. 
A week Lancer spent within the house, almost entirely in his room. For the first few days he ate meals at different times than the others; after that he joined them in the dining room, but in cold silence. When India, Salia, and Eli did see him, he neither spoke nor looked at them, passing them by as though they were invisible. On the fifth day Salia dared to speak to him. He stared at her like he’d never seen her before, replied with a curt nod and went on his way. After that Lancer was a little more talkative, more like his old self. He still treated Eli like dirt and India like an infected dog.
The only benefit to Lancer being housebound was that his rage had time to subside, so there was no immediate retaliation against the citizens of Kingston. India thought that a cold and reflective anger with too much time to itself might perhaps be worse than a sudden furious revenge. What was it Mr Bassard had told him once? “Revenge is a dish best served cold, lad. Be wary of anyone you wrong, who withdraws in the heat of the moment. Be wary of the passage of time. That’s plotting time, my boy. Chances are, it’s not over. It never is.”
The three of them followed Lancer when he left the house for the first time after the incident, but when nothing further seemed to occur (at least, Lancer was no more pompous and bullying than usual), they’d gotten bored and gone to the waterfront. After that, they rarely followed him, and any possible retaliation he might have planned completely escaped them; they continued with the pleased assumption that all had worked out well for everyone, with the obvious exception of Lancer.
A week later Lancer struck out at India for the first time. It came out of nowhere: perhaps India had talked back to him, but with his head pounding and his mind muddled, he couldn’t quite remember. Lancer had disappeared without a word. India picked himself off the floor, crouched for a while, clutching his head, stood, crouched again in a wave of dizziness, then headed slowly to Salia’s room.
Salia was combing her blonde hair in front of the mirror. ‘Come in,’ she called when India knocked. He walked in and sank onto her bed. 
‘Lancer hit me,’ he said.
‘He didn’t,’ Salia said, her reflection staring at him.
‘I didn’t even do anything.’
Salia narrowed her eyes. ‘We’ll have to retaliate,’ she said, resuming the brushing of her hair.

*

The pranks came thick and fast; all sense of avoiding conflict by not appearing complicit was no longer considered an issue. As far as India and Salia were concerned, Lancer had started it, and worse, he had continued it. In the beginning Eli had pleaded with them to let it go – after all, he had said with a stubbornly set jaw, he’d been hit many times over and was well used to it – but soon he realised that India and Salia weren’t listening, and before long he joined in on their plots with a doubtful but slowly increasing enthusiasm.
Food was the main target to begin with. Salia knew Lancer’s favourite foods, but the Terrible Trio had to take care not to accidentally poison anyone else. They didn’t want to truly harm Lancer, of course. It was usually enough to replace fresh milk with sour, or add a little cleaning liquid to one of his meals – just a tiny bit, of course. Once, they’d added some of Jone Crescent’s medicine and guffawed when Lancer spent the night on the toilet – and then worried that perhaps they’d taken it too far. 
Much of what they did was completely unknown to Lancer and served only their own satisfaction. They licked a load of Lancer’s choice biscuits – and then, carried away, just about everything he owned. They let themselves into his room while he was out, with Eli acting as a lookout, and it was in those times, scavenging around his room for things to steal or to ruin in some small, subtle way, that adrenaline was at its highest. Once, after scurrying to safety, India found himself grasping Salia and Eli together in a big hug and running with them towards the bed so that all three of them fell atop the blankets, laughing and out of breath. Eli had looked particularly flushed (but pleased), while Salia had looked at India in a way he couldn’t quite interpret.
Then there was stealing one of every pair of socks, cleaning a dog with Lancer’s precious soap (stamped with the Crown of York), and even rearranging Lancer’s entire room. Of course, for the obvious things – and no doubt a few of the more ambiguous things – Lancer knew it was them, or at least one of them. He never took it out on Salia, either because he believed she wasn’t behind it, because of their family connection, because she was a girl, or because he was at least a little bit intimidated by her. It was Eli and India who received the backlash – or at least they would have, if they hadn’t learnt all the best ways to avoid Lancer. There were times when they’d have their fingers stuffed in their mouths, hiding under the bed as Lancer hammered on the bedroom door and then crashed it open. Lancer might have been clever in some ways, but he never seemed to be able to think like a kid. His life had been one totally ignorant of such things as hiding places. He barely even grasped some of the pranks.
They couldn’t avoid him forever, though, and they endured his spite, his rages and the occasional flung fist, believing it worth it just to get him back. More often than not, it was Jone Crescent and Treymeir Main who spared them from Lancer’s wrath. Jone Crescent by defending Salia, and she by defending India and Eli. Treymeir Main by taking Jone Crescent’s side against his son, not in the sense of supporting his wife’s brother (whom he clearly had little respect for), but simply out of a kind of icy disgust towards his son. If Lancer had remained calm, India reckoned his father might have taken his side, perhaps even forced India out of the house. But Lancer’s tantrums, storming up and down the house on an almost daily basis, seemed to wound and offend his father’s pride, and in return the young man received nothing but disdain, distance and cold declarations that the matter is settled. And of Lady Rosary, there was no sign but that of a closed door. 

A Fiend of Mine


A month after India first arrived at the Crescent–Main residence, the powder keg blew.
Lancer had come for India and Eli, running through the house, kicking doors and screaming for them, or rather, for the black-haired brat and the street trash, the snivelling wretch and the useless degenerate.
The house was big and India, Eli and Salia managed to move from room to room for a while, but Lancer was on a hunt and both Jone Crescent and Treymeir Main were out. Eventually, Lancer cornered all three of them in the foyer, their backs against the front door. India groped behind him for the handle, but he knew he wouldn’t be able to escape in time.
Lancer looked on the edge of a breakdown. His normally carefully parted hair was wildly askew, his eyes were manic and there was a threatening purple to his glistening cheeks. He was quivering all over, pacing back and forth. He laughed mirthlessly, hot with sweat, waggled his fingers at them and laughed again.
That was when India noticed the sword at his side.
‘You . . .’ Lancer murmured. ‘You, you, you, you. The little . . . little boys . . . and their princess . . . playing games. I can play games too, did you know that? Did you know that, India Mancer? Did you know that, Eli Manson? Did you know that, Miss Salia Crescent, dear sweet cousin?’
‘You started it,’ India said. He was afraid, but he steeled himself regardless. 
Eli whimpered behind him. The true confrontation had come. It may have been pushed aside, run from, hidden from, negated and flattened time and time again, but now it had come. It had been inevitable.
‘Did I?’ Lancer said. ‘Did I. Start it. Did I? I’m going to finish it, you nasty little street rat. I’m going to finish you.’
‘Lancer!’ Salia said loudly. ‘Stop this right now. We’ll tell your father and he won’t be pleased.’
Lancer froze, then gave another short laugh. He shivered, running a hand through his hair. ‘Won’t be pleased,’ he said. ‘Well, that’s something new, isn’t it?’
India stepped forward. ‘It’s my fault,’ he said. ‘All of it. It was all my idea. Take it out on me.’
‘Oh, believe me, I intend to.’
 Lancer launched himself at India, hurling a fist. India ducked and fell back against the wall, kicking out with his foot. It took Lancer in the leg and he grunted, yet kept his balance. Then Lancer swung again and caught India in the side of the neck. India stumbled away, choking. Eli darted into the fight but got shoved against the door, Lancer’s hands at his throat. Salia had joined the fray too and was beating Lancer with her fists. India got to his feet, still fighting for air, and yanked Lancer away from his friends. He and Lancer fell down together, India hitting the floor with a jolt of pain. 
Lancer pushed India off him and scrambled to his feet, unsheathing his rapier. He aimed the cruel point at the three of them, breathing hard. India moved away, his back against the wall, and rejoined Salia and Eli at the door.
‘We’re sorry,’ India said. He had to force the words out. ‘Aren’t we sorry?’
‘I’m sorry,’ Eli said.
‘Lancer, please put it down,’ Salia said.
‘It’s too late,’ Lancer replied. He closed his eyes tight and gritted his teeth, seeming to struggle with something deep within. ‘All I wanted—’
‘Lancer.’ A voice came from behind him. He spun around.
India had only seen her once and never afterwards. Lady Rosary Crescent was a sallow-skinned woman already dressed in a nightgown, despite it being only early evening. Her hair was unkempt and her face looked terribly sad, even more so than the last time India had seen her.
‘Put the sword away Lancer,’ Rosary Crescent said. She spoke in barely more than a whisper.
‘Mother . . .’ Lancer swallowed. ‘I have to.’
‘You don’t have to do anything, son,’ she said. ‘It’s my fault. And I’m so, so sorry.’
Years of life on Mexican streets had trained India to notice certain small movements in people no matter the distractions; he saw the tightening of Lancer’s fist and knew if he didn’t take this chance to leave, he’d regret it. 
India turned, whipped his coat from the coat stand, yanked open the front door and pushed Salia and Eli out with him. He slammed the door behind him. ‘Are you okay to run?’ he asked Salia.
‘In these shoes?’ Salia said. ‘Just watch me.’

*

They charged through the streets as the evening sun swept its orange haze over the city. After about ten minutes and a few staircases and quick turns, they made the mistake of slowing to walk, figuring either no pursuit was coming, or it’d been quickly lost. The streets were quieter at dusk, with little to no crowd to blend in with, but that didn’t seem to matter now.
It was as they were trying to catch their breath that India, Salia, and Eli heard the pounding of feet.
‘Attention Kingston citizens!’ An imperious voice sounded from somewhere behind and above them. ‘Two male youths, aged thirteen and fourteen, going by the names of India Mancer and Eli Manson, are wanted by the Kingston Guard, by order of Governor Main! Anyone attempting to hide these persons will be subject to the law! Anyone aiding in their capture will be generously rewarded!’
India stared at Salia and Eli. ‘You have got to be shanking kidding me. That was fast. Did Treymeir Main come back and finally listen to his son?’
Salia shook her head. ‘It’s Lancer. He’s doing it in his father’s name. Sir Treymeir won’t forgive him for this.’
‘I don’t think he cares anymore,’ Eli said.
‘He doesn’t want you,’ India said, looking at Salia.
‘Then he’s as stupid as he is crazy. Let’s not pretend I wasn’t the ringleader.’
‘I mean, you can go back. We can’t. And three together are easier to catch than two.’
‘Are you saying I’ll slow you down?’
‘Yes. No. Look, me and Eli, we have to go. We can’t stay in Kingston anymore, you know that. Even when your father comes back, it won’t be enough. Lancer’s blown his fuse, he won’t rest until me and Eli meet at least some kind of punishment, and I won’t accept that for either of us.’
Salia’s shoulders sagged. ‘You’re leaving Kingston? You can stay somewhere else, somewhere he won’t find you . . .’
‘He’ll find us. People like him always do. I’m not staying some shut-in like his mother. It’s just . . . it’s time for me to move on, Salia.’
Salia pouted. ‘And Eli?’
Eli glanced at India and nodded. ‘I’m with India. I’m done here. There’s no way I’m going back. I’m sorry, Miss Salia.’
‘Well,’ she said. ‘Goodbye, Eli.’ She offered her hand and he took it.
‘Miss Salia. It’s been a pleasure.’ He let her hand fall.
‘Of course it has.’ Salia turned to India. ‘Are you still here?’
India grinned. ‘I’ll see you again. Honest.’
‘As though you could resist seeing my face again.’ She darted forward, kissed him on the lips and pulled back before he knew what was happening. ‘Farewell, India Bones.’
India blushed, swallowed, and gave a short bow. Behind them the pounding of feet had grown terribly close, and further off another officer was repeating the same announcement. With one final look at Salia, India and Eli trotted off, quickly accelerating to a full-blown sprint. 

*

‘Stop right there!’ was a command at first ignored. But when it was joined by ‘Stop or we’ll shoot!’ Eli skidded to a halt, pulling India up short by the sleeve of his coat. They turned as one to find a troop of redcoats under two dozen yards from them, blocking the end of the open street that poured out onto the waterfront. The soldiers at the front had their rifles aimed directly at them.
The Kingston citizens in the vicinity hurried off and within a minute only the soldiers and the two hapless boys remained. India and Eli had their backs to the sea, the setting sun shrouding their small, panting forms in a cloak of blazing orange.
‘Looks like we’re done for,’ India said.
‘It’ll be okay,’ Eli replied, though the tone of his voice implied the opposite.
There was a commotion at the back of the troop. ‘Get out of my way!’ a familiar voice cried. ‘My father pays your wages, now move!’
Before the line of redcoats could part for him, Lancer Main shoved his way through, ignoring the dirty looks some of the soldiers were giving him. ‘Put those guns down you idiots!’ he said, pushing two of the nearest barrels down himself. ‘Did I say you could shoot them? Is that what I said?’
Lancer faced India and Eli with one arm behind his back and one on the hilt of his sword. He wore a smart navy officer’s coat that India knew he hadn’t earned; he wondered briefly if it might have belonged to Lancer’s father when he was younger.
‘Well, well,’ Lancer said, smiling. His eyes glittered in the setting sun. ‘Here you are, scurrying away like a couple of rats.’ He tipped his head back and raised his voice to a shout. ‘You hear that, rats of Kingston? There’ll be no more scurrying away! No more hiding in your ratholes! I’ll be governor of this city sooner than you think, and if you thought my father was bad, wait until you see what I can do!’
Lancer returned his gaze to the two boys and drew his rapier, silver flashing. He took a few steps forward, sauntering left to right as though mocking them with the beginnings of a dance. The officer behind him seemed about to say something, but then he clamped his mouth shut, his thoughts perhaps on a future promotion. A couple other soldiers shifted uncomfortably.
India was weighing the thin to nonexistent options. He wondered how far he and Eli could sprint along the waterfront before Lancer caught up with them. Perhaps Lancer wouldn’t bother tiring himself out; he might simply order the soldiers to aim and fire.
India drew himself up anyway. He wasn’t going to give Lancer the easy satisfaction of surrendering – if he would even accept such a thing. India glanced at Eli, wondering what he was thinking, if he would try to surrender for both of them. India swallowed and his knuckles whitened. If only he hadn’t been so stubborn, so afraid of having his own blade. If only they hadn’t pushed Lancer so far.
‘I say, India, you seem to be in a spot of bother?’
The voice sounded all too pleasant for such a perilous situation. With his legs dangling off a roof and a sword at his belt, Devil Flynn sat above India and Eli, chewing an apple. He threw the core away and it knocked off a soldier’s hat.
‘Oi!’ the soldier shouted.
‘Hello Flynn,’ India said, trying to pretend his heart wasn’t in his mouth. ‘It’s good to see you again. Where’ve you been?’
‘Oh here, there, somewhere, nowhere. Do you need any help?’
‘Just a bit, maybe.’
Devil Flynn jumped from the roof and landed with a thud. ‘Oh,’ he said, rubbing his legs. ‘I should have stretched first.’ He nodded to India and Eli and casually strode between them and Lancer, who was looking distinctly unimpressed.
‘Flynn, is it?’ Lancer said with a sneer. 
‘Oh it’s . . . no, don’t tell me, it’s . . . Poncer the Pain? Or is it Prancer Stain? I’m terribly sorry, it’s so easy to get confused, you entitled toffs are all the same to me.’
‘Congratulations Flynn,’ Lancer replied, holding up his sword, his face beginning to glow red, ‘you have the honour of going down with your friends.’
‘Sir, I wouldn’t have it any other way.’ Flynn bowed – and just as Lancer sprung at him, pulled out his own sword and caught the blade with his. It was no foil, but a sharp rapier like Lancer’s.
Lancer backed off, then hurled himself forward again, slashing at Flynn in a quick sequence. Flynn parried the strikes easily, one hand behind his back. With each deflection, Lancer’s blows grew angrier and sloppier and his face grew more and more ugly. Flynn ran a full circle around him as they fenced, grinning all the while.
‘Have at you!’ Flynn said, and thrust suddenly forward after a parry left Lancer off-balance. Lancer cried out, clutching his arm. The sleeve of his coat was torn open and blood was soaking through the shirt underneath.
‘You – you—’
‘I thought I’d avoid the face,’ Flynn said. ‘I didn’t want to spoil your good looks.’
‘You cut me, you shanking pirate! I’ll have your head on a spike for this!’
‘Pirate? Interesting. And I’d be more inclined to use the word impale. As in, I impaled you. I’m not sure how accurate it would be, I might have to check Johnson’s Dictionary on that one, but it sounds better than a simple cut don’t you think?’
‘It hurts! It’s bleeding!’
‘That does tend to happen when one has been impaled, I’m afraid.’
Lancer’s face was both furious and agonised. Tears were in his eyes. ‘I can’t move my arm!’ he cried. ‘I can’t move my arm!’
‘Oh, I am sorry,’ Flynn said, frowning. ‘That was hardly sporting of me, was it? Now you only have one arm to retaliate, and I still have two.’ Flynn called over his shoulder, ‘You still there, my friend and his friend?’
‘We’re here,’ India said.
‘I’d rather hoped you’d be gone by now. This distraction is becoming a lengthy one. Still, never too late. Off you go, I’ll keep them busy.’
‘You’ll never make it!’
‘I thought you knew me by now? Have faith in me, please. I’m one of a kind, don’t you know?’ Flynn kept his eyes and his sword pointed at Lancer, who was now on his knees having some kind of fit, the uncertain redcoats behind him.
‘Thank you so much,’ Eli said.
‘And thank you to you too, young man in black! For, um, something or other. I don’t know. Keep India safe, that’s it! Any fiend of India’s is a fiend of mine!’
‘Goodbye Flynn,’ India said. ‘I’ll see you again, I know.’
‘That you will! Perhaps not in this city, but somewhere, somewhere! As I told you before, wherever there’s beauty and danger, just call my name! Devil Flynn, master of the sword, master of the world!’
‘Goodbye!’ India said again, and as Flynn waved his free hand behind him, India and Eli sped off down the waterfront, away from the doubled-over Lancer and the Kingston Guard, away from the city. And as they burst through the fringes of the jungle, leaves slapping their faces and roots catching their feet, breath aching in their chests, India tried not to think about how he might have gained one friend and lost another.

No Body


 India and Eli exited the jungle in the dead of night, satisfied that any possible pursuit was lost for the time being. India was pleased with his sense of navigation: they’d come out on Lonely Carib beach. Palm trees waved in the faint wind, swaying like strange guardians over sand lit a mournful blue under the moon.
They sat down then lay down, exhausted. Sleep rushed over them and they closed their eyes without speaking a word to each other.
Their eyes opened again.
‘What was that?’ Eli said.
‘Shush,’ India said. They listened. ‘It sounds like something under the sand . . .’
‘It sounds like mumbling,’ Eli said, looking alarmed.
India crawled closer to where the sound was coming from. He leaned over and put his ear against the sand.
‘Um,’ he said.
‘What is it?’ Eli moved closer.
‘It’s a voice.’
‘A voice? What’s it saying?’
India looked over at Eli. ‘It said, “Hello, is anyone there? Can you help me?”’
Eli stared back at him. ‘Shiver my bloody timbers,’ he whispered, and rubbed his arms. ‘Dig it up.’
‘You dig it up.’
‘We’ll both dig it up.’
They pawed at the ground, hesitantly at first, then flung away clumps of sand with more urgency. Something like a white rock or a large seashell began to appear. They dug around it. It was curving downwards. India felt his fingers move past sudden ridges and into a gap, a hole in the—
‘Poke me in the eye why don’t you,’ the muffled voice said.
India fell back. It wasn’t a rock, or a seashell. It was a skull.
‘Shanking hell,’ India said. ‘Dig it up, fast. I know that voice.’
He and Eli pulled the skull out of the ground; it coughed sand at them. 
‘Hello Grimmer,’ India said.
‘Hello yourself, India,’ the disembodied skull of Grimmer said. ‘How are you?’
‘I’m okay,’ India said. ‘Me and Eli are on the run. How are you?’
‘I’m okay,’ Grimmer said. ‘Apart from, you know, having my head separated from my body and buried in sand. It’s a good thing you came along, I could feel the tide coming in.’
‘Why are you still here? It’s been ages. And how’d you get like this?’
Grimmer sighed. ‘I stayed behind, when the ship left. Stupid. I was in a strange mood, I was just fed up of the whole wretched thing. I felt I’d rather be ground to dust than take one more step on that bloody ship. So when it came time to board, I wasn’t there. Some of the jolly rogers came looking for me, but you know, it’s hard to find someone when they’re being as quiet as the dead.’
He took a deep breath, or rather the imitation of one. ‘I was content to wander the jungle for a little while. Sit about doing nothing. Hardly anyone comes out here, I think I only saw four people in the whole month, and I hid easily. Except for earlier today, when two scurvy louts surprised me, and they only went and panicked and beat me up. I left my sword on the ship – but then again, it’s best not to upset the living by killing them, it only encourages them. I guess I kinda just let them, waiting for them to go away. I wasn’t in a fighting mood anyway. They separated all my bones – and I thought that’d be it, but no, the bastards had to bury everything, and in different spots too. It got me all mixed up inside. I tried to reason with them, but apparently a talking skull can’t talk its way out of anything these days. Except for just now, thanks mate. By the way, your friend has been staring at me ever since you pulled me out. He looks like he’s seen a ghost.’
India glanced at Eli, whom he’d temporarily forgotten about. It was impossible not to grin at his astonished, half-glazed face. ‘It ain’t far off,’ India said to Grimmer.
‘I resent that,’ Grimmer replied. ‘I’m not a ghost mate,’ he said loudly, addressing Eli. ‘I’m a skeleton. World of difference.’
‘I’m sure you told me your body was just a ghost,’ India said.
‘Don’t use my own words against me. Ghosts are awful things. I’m lovely. Tell him India.’
‘He’s lovely, apparently,’ India said. ‘Don’t worry Eli, you’ve seen them in books, haven’t you?’
Eli nodded dumbly.
‘Well there you go. Real life. I’ll, um, explain it all in a bit.’
‘This is brilliant,’ Eli whispered.
‘Is it?’ Grimmer said. ‘Is it brilliant that I’m headless?’
‘Technically you’re all head,’ India said. ‘Which reminds me. Why didn’t the skeleton go to the party?’
‘Oh, shut up,’ Grimmer said. ‘And no head puns. I mean it.’
‘Head puns?’ India said innocently.
‘You know what I mean. Don’t think I’m going to give you any examples.’ Grimmer coughed again. ‘Right, you boys, listen closely. What I need you to do, is put all my bones together, best you can, and then – wait, no, dig me a shallow grave in the sand first. Further up the beach, don’t want the tide coming into it. You can wet the sand a little though, make it easier to dig. Don’t make it deep. And then you arrange my bones just right in there, then cover me back up.’
‘And then what?’
‘Then next morning I should be back. Don’t ask me why, it’s just one of those things.’
‘Has this happened to you before?’
‘Not to me personally, no. But it’s happened.’
‘Okay. I guess you don’t have any plans as to what to do after that? Me and Eli are in a bit of trouble.’
‘So you said. Well, your timing couldn’t be much better. If I’ve remembered the days right, the ship is returning late tomorrow night, back from Cortez. Provided nobody catches you before then. I don’t think they will out here, but you can tell me all about why they might want to tomorrow, no doubt you did something terrible – anyway, we should be okay. I reckon if there was any time for me to have a mid-death crisis it was here and now – there was only a month’s wait before the ship returned to these sands. Enough time to think, that. But the Ship don’t swing round these parts again for near a year. I’d probably be washed out to sea before they picked me up. And let me tell you, that’s even worse a fate when you’re already dead.’
India brightened. While he was kicking his way through the jungle, forgetting about his phobia of blades in his simple wish for a machete, he had worried that he and Eli might never get off the island. The waterfront would have the Kingston Guard all over it and the likelihood of sneaking onto a ship was pretty much zero. Lancer would have the waterfront locked down, ready to catch them fleeing. But now, they could safely depart on the Ship of the Dead, right under Lancer’s nose . . .
A thought occurred to India. ‘Will the Ship of the Dead take me back? Will they take Eli too?’
Grimmer paused for a troubling amount of time. ‘They won’t take you back,’ he said at last. ‘Not like that. But you saved my – saved me. They’ll respect that, and I’ll vouch for you. They like you already. You won’t get to stay on the ship as the crew, you never will, but we’ll take you to the next destination. That’s San Dillinger – no, better make it Tortugal after that, if you’re in trouble with Kingston. Then you can charter another ship if you so please.’
‘What about Eli?’ India asked, trying to ignore the jump of excitement at the idea of exploring the notorious pirate haven. I want to climb Mount Nassar.
‘Turn me,’ Grimmer said.
‘What?’
‘Turn me to look at him. I don’t have a neck.’ There was a moment of silence, where Grimmer looked at Eli and Eli lowered his eyes to the ground. ‘Alright mate,’ Grimmer said. ‘I trust India’s judgement. You won’t raise a fuss, will you? There’ll be lots of jolly rogers on the ship, not just me.’
‘He means skeletons,’ India said.
‘Aye, skeletons.’
Eli shook his head. ‘I won’t make a fuss.’
‘He’s already used to it,’ India said. ‘Hordes of skeletons where he’s from. Can’t move for them.’
‘Aye, is that so.’ Grimmer laughed. ‘Alright then mateys. Start digging. I’ll stand guard.’
India and Eli glanced at each other; with tired smiles they moved up the beach and searched for something they could use to dig.

*

India woke in the early grey hours with a headache and a raging thirst. He and Eli had collapsed as soon as they’d buried Grimmer, without a thought of drink. It wasn’t as though there’d been any at hand; and India knew drinking seawater would make you sick and mad.
He got to his feet with protesting limbs. Everything hurt. Blearily he stumbled into the jungle. At first, he couldn’t tell if the noise of running water was real or imagined. Perhaps he was still dreaming. It’d been a great dream, too: he’d been digging and digging for what seemed like a lifetime and had finally struck gold, literally. He’d become the only person in the world to find Captain Horn’s buried treasure, to prove the legend. And when Salia had appeared and clapped her hands with delight and reached for him, just when he was really about to live, his eyes had opened onto this chilly grey beach, with the wind howling ghosts through the palms and an ocean of thumping waves in his head.
India pushed back a leaf the size of his torso; before him ran a tiny stream – little more than a rivulet. Still, it was all he needed. Kneeling down, he cupped his hands into the cold water and lifted it to his mouth. He drank deeply for a while, then returned to camp. If only he had a flask, he could have brought some back for Eli – but he had nothing to his name, nothing but the clothes on his back. Eli, too, had left the Crescent–Main house with nothing.
India roused his sleeping friend, who peered at him with unseeing eyes. ‘Whuh?’
‘Go get some water,’ India said. He pointed. ‘There’s a little stream that way. You’ll hear it.’
‘Asleep,’ Eli said.
‘Go get some water Eli,’ India repeated. ‘You’re dehydrated and if you keep sleeping, when you wake up you’ll want to die.’
‘Want to die now.’
India hoisted Eli to his feet and gave him a friendly push so his legs would start working of their own accord. When Eli reached the jungle, India lay back down and fell promptly asleep once more.

*

India and Eli woke the second time to a sudden noisy motion and a spray of sand. Grimmer had burst out of his grave. He yawned. 
‘That was a nice sleep,’ he said. ‘Slept like the dead.’ He stood and stretched. ‘Come on you two lazy bones. Wakey wakey. We have a full day of doing nothing ahead of us.’ 
‘How are you doing?’ India said, rubbing his eyes.
‘Haven’t felt this good since yesterday.’
‘What are we gonna eat?’ Eli said, propping himself up on his elbows. ‘I’m starving.’
‘Don’t you worry about that mate,’ Grimmer said. ‘Go into the jungle and hunt a tiger. There’ll be hundreds of the bastards.’
‘What! I can’t do that!’
‘Why not?’
‘I don’t even have a weapon!’
‘Use your fists. Punch that tiger in the face.’
‘He’s kidding,’ India said. ‘Do you have any food?’
‘Sure,’ Grimmer said. ‘I have my knapsack I brought from the ship. It won’t be grand, but it’ll keep us just fine until tonight.’
They ate Grimmer’s bread and biscuits and took trips to the stream to drink. Apart from one moment, when some staggering, wild-eyed cove still drunk from the previous night (or maybe an early start) blundered onto the beach and the three of them had to hide, they were left uninterrupted. India wondered if the drunk would find his way back to the city, then figured it’d be better to be lost in the jungle than risk being caught in a state of disrepair by the Kingston Guard. Although perhaps the Guard was too preoccupied right now with India and Eli to bother with such things. India reminded himself, with a shudder of unease, that the longer they stayed here the more dangerous it would be. It was only a matter of time until soldiers were sent out of the city to search the rest of the island, if they weren’t doing so already.
The fate of Lancer and Devil Flynn might have been unknown to India, but if Lancer lived, he’d be even more furious and determined – and on the small chance he hadn’t, well, there was always Treymeir Main. He may not have treated his son well, but that didn’t mean he’d take Lancer’s death (or injury) lying down. In a way, perhaps that would have been the ultimate embarrassment.
India spent the whole day talking with Eli and Grimmer, relaxing (or trying to) and doing little else. He regaled an enraptured Eli with stories from his time on the Ship of the Dead, then filled Grimmer in about his time in Kingston, leading to their escape. Grimmer had nodded along and laughed in all the right places and many of the wrong ones as well. In response to India’s enquiries, Eli explained just how he came to be a servant in the Crescent–Main household. 
‘Your father was a pirate?’
‘Suspected pirate,’ Eli answered. ‘I don’t know the truth. He always said he was innocent of what they did him for.’
‘What did they do?’
‘They hung him.’
‘Oh,’ India said. ‘I’m sorry.’
‘Guess who was there, who had it done?’
‘Who?’
‘Governor Treymeir Main.’
‘No!’
Eli nodded. ‘This was a long time ago, but he was still governor back then. I don’t really remember it, I was so young, but I do remember seeing his face, and also Lancer’s. He was just a kid then.’
‘Shanking hell,’ India said. ‘And your mother?’
Eli lowered his head. ‘She didn’t last much longer, after that.’
‘That’s tough going, mate,’ Grimmer said.
‘But how did you end up in their house?’ India asked, confused.
‘I had a couple of similar jobs, got a reputation for being a good worker and honourable. More or less.’ Eli smiled. ‘The odd thing might have gone missing, if the people were horrid. Anyway, I ended up working for Jone Crescent. I never meant the Main family to be involved in that, but then one day, there we all were.’
 ‘And?’
‘It’d been years since my father died. No doubt Treymeir had overseen the execution of many folk. He had no idea who I was, or if he did he never showed it. Sometimes I wondered if Lancer found it out, just from little things he said sometimes. Never stopped him treating me bad, though.’
‘But what about you? Didn’t you wanna kill them for what they did?’
Eli scratched the back of his neck. ‘It was a long time ago,’ he said again. ‘I don’t really remember, it’s just the odd image. Lancer’s face, stuck up even then. My father with a rope around his neck. I don’t even remember him, not really. It’s just like a dream I might have had.’ 
Eli noticed India still looking perplexed and gave a sad smile. ‘I know I should be angry,’ he said. ‘But it’s just not there. It doesn’t even feel real. It was a weird time, the first few weeks around the Main family, not understanding how to feel, not understanding why I wasn’t feeling. But then the weeks blur into months, and then things are just how they are and it’s far too late to make yourself feel something, if you were even supposed to, if it even mattered if you did.’
‘Fair enough,’ India said. He couldn’t quite get his head around it, but then again everybody was different and it was a situation he hadn’t been in himself. ‘What about now, how do you feel about them now?’
‘I hate Treymeir and Lancer,’ Eli said, grinning humourlessly. ‘Just for who they are. That’s enough. I’m happy I escaped. Maybe I should have done it a long time ago, but I had nowhere to go. Or maybe I just didn’t have the willpower anymore. You know, if you get told what to do, spoken down to all your life, you end up half believing it, believing that you’re just there for other people, not yourself. Salia was the only one who made it bearable and even then she was mostly lost in herself.’
‘You got me now,’ India said, squeezing Eli’s shoulder.
‘I do,’ Eli said, smiling. ‘Thank you.’
‘It’s okay. We gotta get off this damn island first.’
‘Excuse the romance,’ Grimmer said, his skull thrust in their direction. ‘But would either of you two scurves care for another biscuit?’

*

Conversation had eventually exhausted them and the day had dragged into night. India hadn’t planned on falling asleep, but he must have, for he woke up to Grimmer kicking him.
‘Oi,’ India said.
‘Oi yourself,’ Grimmer replied. ‘It’s here!’
India got to his feet in time to see the swarm of black fog unfolding itself to reveal the Ship of the Dead pluming towards them. India was once again awestruck by the sight; he barely noticed Eli’s intake of breath or his hands clasped tight under his chin.
‘This is the most amazing thing I have ever seen, India,’ Eli whispered as the ship came to a bobbing stop and boats were dropped to the waves. ‘Even if Lancer came upon us right now and stabbed us through the heart, I’d die happy.’
‘Speak for yourself.’ India smiled. ‘I still have a few things I’d like to do.’
Skeletons piled into the boats and rowed silently to shore. Eli gripped India’s arm. ‘Will they hurt us?’ he said.
‘Don’t be silly,’ India said. ‘I was on their ship for ages, remember?’
‘It just . . . doesn’t feel real.’
‘I know, it didn’t for me either. In fact, I’m not sure it ever will again.’
‘Is that a bad thing?’
India shook his head. ‘No. I don’t think so.’ He smiled warmly at Eli, who let go of India’s coat self-consciously.
‘Ahoy mateys!’ Grimmer called out as the boats pulled up to the beach.
‘What have I told you about playing hide and seek?’ Dessica replied, standing at the prow of the boat.
‘That I’m the champion, and never to take it further than one month?’
Dessica got out, sloshing through the water, and gave Grimmer a hug. ‘Good to see you again,’ she said.
‘Steady girl, my bones ain’t what they used to be.’
The other jolly rogers approached Grimmer, hugging him, shaking his hand, clapping him on the back or nodding. Some scowled at him or insulted him, but none of it seemed very serious. The crew as a whole appeared relieved to have Grimmer back; India got the feeling that Grimmer, more than any of the others, tied them all together. Or perhaps it was just that they’d known each other so long that losing any one of them was like losing part of themselves.
India and Eli stood back from the shoreline as Grimmer was alternately chided and welcomed. India would have rushed in, but he sensed Eli’s unease and wanted to stick by him. Eventually, Grimmer broke away and jerked his skull in their direction. The jolly rogers turned as one and stared.
‘Look who saved me, mateys. It’s our old friend India. And it’s my pleasure to introduce his friend Eli Manson. Together they dug me up when I was all apieces after two feckless trout set on me and buried me all asunder. These two buried me in a shallow grave together and now I’m back. All thanks to them. Don’t treat them with any suspicion, especially not Eli. I’ve been with them for a day and a night and he’s as good as India.’
The jolly rogers gave a low cheer and a few walked up the beach. India recognised them: Dessica, Hairless, Spares, Big Cage. They grinned at him and he back. Spares patted him on the shoulder and Dessica and Hairless gave him a one-armed hug from either side.
‘Glad you’re still alive, sugar,’ Hairless said.
‘So am I,’ India said. He tensed as Big Cage reached in for a hug, but this time he was surprisingly gentle.
‘India,’ Big Cage said.
‘Big Cage,’ India replied. ‘I’ve missed you all. This here is Eli.’
Eli swallowed, but the skeletons stuck out their hands in unison. He shook them one by one.
‘Thanks for saving Grimmer, Eli,’ Dessica said.
‘It’s fine, it’s fine,’ Eli said nervously.
Grimmer cleared his throat. ‘In fact, these two scurves, they’re on the run from a vicious rich pike, a bully and a governor’s son no less. No, make that on the run from the whole of Kingston! They’re wanted men, my friends. So I say the least we could do is give them a lift to Tortugal, where they can make their own way! Who’s with me?’
There was a moment’s hesitation and India’s heart leapt fearfully into his throat; what if he and Eli were about to be turned down and left to the mercy of Lancer Main?
A chorus of ayes filled the beach. Even from Liver, India was surprised to see, because he was sure Liver didn’t like him. Perhaps he just didn’t want to be the lone dissenter. Blackbone, standing apart from the others, didn’t speak, but he did give a slow, dark nod.
‘I knew you were the jolliest bunch of jolly rogers ever to have died,’ Grimmer said with pride. ‘When dawn shuffles its musty face over the world and lights up this beach, when warmth fills our bones and all the woe has left them, India and Eli, that’s when we leave, and you’re coming aboard!’
India and Eli both beamed. Eli was about to open his mouth, presumably to thank them, but he shut it again and just stood instead, his hands clasped in front of him.

Something Great Forever Lost


The crew’s night stay at Lonely Carib was similar to their dawn visit one month ago, but in many ways it was also different. It was quiet, but not silent; reflective, but in a spoken manner. There was an atmosphere of sharing, even for those who sat and ate on their own, who shared their words with the sand and the sea and the jungle leaves. Even Blackbone, sitting away from the others, muttered out loud to himself.
India and Eli, first together and then independently of each other, moved from one conversation to the next. That’s if you could call the back-and-forth utterances conversations. India had never heard any of the dead talk like this and he struggled to understand them, not least because they switched in and out of other languages. He recognised one jolly roger speaking in Bordeauxan to another who was responding in an entirely different, unfamiliar language (Eli later identified it as a particular Doradian creole). One spoke for a while in a strange tongue, very different to the others, that likely belonged to some distant southern country, perhaps Afrika. At times the skeletons seemed to be having no conversations at all, but listening only to themselves, cutting across each other with their own murmurings.
When India did hear Yorkish, it was as hard to follow as it was bewitching. The talk was vibrant and piecemeal, more images and clips of memories than anything, paintings of the past world unreal and dreamlike. At times it seemed like poetry. India didn’t know what was true and what wasn’t, what these people had known when they were alive and what they’d known since they’d died, and what they’d never known at all. They spoke of black pearls in Cortez lagoons, drifting Gyptian sands and something called the Khepri Sun. Of the swamps of Louisiana that gobbled up the young and old alike. Of cobbled roads in York’s Eddison County that had threaded the land long before humans had ever risen up from the seas. Of poison rains and jungles so hot and sour they’d blister the skin off your bones, of winds like knives in the Icelands and wolf-like creatures that lived inside glaciers and howled through the ice. 
The dead spoke of sea monsters, like the Water Dragon with its huge black eyes and rippling scales, and the Salt Chimera which could rip a ship to shreds. The Kraken in all its terrifying enormity and the Devil Whale that could swallow ships whole. The Hydra with its many heads, and the Medusa with its ever-growing tentacles and baleful glare that froze sailors to the spot. They spoke of sirens and mermaids that raked their hair with fish bones and sang beautiful songs from the waves, leading whole crews to new homes in the deep. They spoke of birds that grew arms and moved like apes, of lost souls adrift that were saved by floating pyramids of the sea, of living islands and dead seas. And of the sea goddess Tiamat and her estranged husband Davy Jones, to whom all must return, even the dead one day, when their bones were dust, or when Jones decided the deal they had struck was no more. 
The crew spoke of their pasts and their futures, and the pasts and futures of all seagoers. They spoke of pirate battles of ancient myth, of the pound of cannons and decks soaked in blood. They spoke of Ivory, the king of all pirates, and his ship that could disappear in and out of the night sky. Of Ivory’s treasures and those of Captain Bucklemeir Horn, and many names India had never heard but that instilled in him an almost terrible excitement. When he caught the name Wolfgang, he interrupted, eagerly pressing the skeletons for more information about his father, but they shook their heads repeatedly, knowing nothing more, or perhaps unwilling to be brokered into any kind of real conversation.
The dead spoke of things that had happened and things that could never happen with equal importance. India observed that the most impossible of things seemed to fill them with overwhelming emotion, a kind of bitter longing, as though something great had been forever lost.
India struggled to take in so much, always wanting to hear more about one thing before it was replaced by something entirely different. As the hours slipped by, he grew befuddled and sleepy; Eli too was starting to nod off. India gazed around at the crew with half-closed eyes. They’d started a small fire when they arrived, of the same icy blue colour that had illuminated their dance in view of Eyeless’s Merchant Hall, where India had first seen these astonishing, unknowable beings who nursed magic in their bones. He hadn’t gotten a look at how they lit the fire then and he’d missed it this time as well. As soon as his back was turned it had flared up, bright and brilliant in the night. Now the fire had died down to warm blue embers, the darkness around them slowly lightening as dawn approached.

*

India awoke feeling groggy. The jolly rogers were all standing up now, finished with their fragmented tales. Spares and Sockets arrived from the jungle; they’d gone off together soon after the crew arrived, the only skeletons to leave the beach. Liver and Cold Shoulder and some of the others were already sitting in one of the boats, not impatient as such, just . . . ready. Their time on Lonely Carib was over, their words had been spoken, and now it was time to return home to the sea, to the endless waves.
‘Come on,’ Grimmer said, coming over to India. ‘It’s time to go.’
India joined Eli, who was stretching, glancing around confused. ‘How was the night?’ India said. 
Words failing him, Eli tried hopelessly to convey something with his hands, but it wasn’t needed. India could read enough from his face. Eli reached forward, wrapped his arms around India and hugged, then backed away a couple steps, nodding his head in thanks. India smiled and nodded too.
They got in the boats and helped row, India privately marvelling at the craft skidding over the glowing waves. They climbed up to the Ship of the Dead and India showed a dazed and overawed Eli to his old cabin. Grimmer helped tie another hammock next to India’s, then left, shutting the door quietly. Within moments the two boys had fallen back asleep.

*

‘How long is the journey to Tortugal gonna take?’ India asked the next day, through a mouthful of black biscuit. Eli was leaning over the gunwale, alternately entranced by the waves and sickened to the point of vomiting into them.
‘Uh, it’s gonna take a while I’m afraid mate,’ Grimmer said. ‘A month in total.’
‘A month?’ India swallowed. ‘Tortugal ain’t anywhere near that far!’
‘This ship is never in much of a hurry to reach anywhere. Sometimes months without any land at all. Besides, it ain’t a straight course mate. Look, let me show you.’ Grimmer led India into what would have been the captain’s cabin, if there had been a captain on the Ship of the Dead. Inside was all manner of things, chiefly maps and parchment and navigational equipment, but also odds and ends that must have been picked up from all over the world. A jade monkey paw, a figurine of an Afrikan fertility goddess and a set of burnished black scales stood on one of the shelves; on another a bone dragon carving, Gyptian scarves and a series of shrunken brown heads, which India had gotten more or less used to during his first voyage. Along the desk by the windows sat an array of coloured glass bottles with labels written in a language India couldn’t read; in the centre stood a tall jar with murky green contents and something indistinct swimming inside . . . The place was like a treasure chest of weird, wonderful (and slightly disturbing) souvenirs.
On the desk in the centre of the cabin was a silver globe with land marked in jet black, a compass and grimy sextant, and a rolled out map held down with shining black orbs. The map was obscured by a number of other rolled pieces of parchment; Grimmer swept them off the table onto the floor, beckoning India to stand closer.
Grimmer pointed at the map, which showed the whole of the Caribbean. ‘See, we started here, west of Kingston, and instead of going north we’re travelling in a big loop around it to the east and then north and northwest, towards . . .’ He moved his finger upwards. ‘San Dillinger, North Caribbean. Our next stop. And then we go a little east, then southeast . . .’ He slid his finger down and to the right in a curving arc. ‘And we reach Tortugal.’
‘That’s the most awkward route ever,’ India said. He traced his own finger over the map. ‘Why not go round Kingston on the western side, seeing as that’s where we started? Or even better, why not go to Tortugal first, then San Dillinger after?’
‘First of all mate, it ain’t our call, it’s the ship’s. But we think there’s good enough reason. See, this way we more or less avoid the main trade routes. The ship might be hidden, but that doesn’t mean it’s a good idea to tempt fate. It’s a busy bit of seas, especially at this time of year. We like to have the seas to ourselves. On the downside though, see this spot here, on the way down from San Dillinger? That’s fairly calm seas. We won’t be completely becalmed – that’s when there’s no wind at all and a ship is plain stuck.’
‘I know.’
‘But it does mean it’ll be particularly slow. We have to take the ship that way back, so as not to go completely against the wind. Both journeys, see, they’re not as straight and simple as I just drew for you, they rarely are with sailing. A ship is completely reliant on the direction of the wind. We’ll have to tack back and forth against it at times. So, all in all, aye, just under a month to Tortugal by way of San Dillinger. We’ll have no bother, it’s a fine journey, but it might get a bit boring for you.’
‘I won’t be bored,’ India said. ‘I love being on a ship.’
‘See if you’re saying the same in a month, mate.’ 

*

It took nine days to arrive at San Dillinger and in that time India reacquainted himself with the ship (including another ill-advised jaunt up the crow’s nest) and the crew. Eli too made friends, and it seemed everyone got on better with him than they did with India, Liver and Blackbone included. India tried to quell a small amount of jealousy and hurt pride at this, but he couldn’t help but wonder what made the two of them so different. Nonetheless, divorced from Salia’s overriding presence (not that they didn’t miss her), India and Eli’s friendship blossomed. By the end of the voyage, India couldn’t imagine ever not having been best friends with Eli, not having him by his side whenever he wanted. It was strange to think that not too long ago, India had been all by himself most of the time, bar the occasional ministrations of Mrs Wayles, the drunken mumblings of Mr Bassard or the hurried chatter of the Ratboys. It felt like another life.
On the second day of the voyage, having thought about it for a while and made up his mind, India asked Grimmer to teach him sword fighting again. The cutlass in his hands felt suddenly right, not wholly unlike Devil Flynn’s foil, but weightier, stronger. The blade was sharp and the point wicked. India swallowed his nerves, ignored the slight chill that ran through his body and raised his weapon. His fencing with Flynn had taught him a little, but unlike Flynn, Grimmer didn’t treat his lessons as an opportunity to show off. It was a painstaking study of jabs, slashes, parries, ripostes and particularly footwork. They practised for three hours that day, then every day after, and at the end of each session India would retire with his arm aching. He and Grimmer were often watched with interest and some amusement by Eli, who declined having a go himself. 
At first India felt as useless as he had with Flynn, and the cutlass was knocked out of his hands many times over, or he found Grimmer’s point at his throat, accompanied by the words, ‘Dead, mate.’ However soon he was holding his own, and on the eighth day he even scored a ‘Dead, mate’ against Grimmer. He’d gone to bed that night pleased with the victory; only as he was about to sleep did he realise that Grimmer, like Flynn, was probably not giving it even close to his best.
The last day of the voyage had been Eli’s fifteenth birthday and the whole crew had turned out to sing ‘For he’s a jolly good matey’. Even Blackbone lent his rough, low voice to the affair. India was a little distant at first, imagining a less-enthusiastic version from the crew on his fourteenth birthday (which wasn’t that far off), but he stopped sulking when he saw Eli’s ordinarily pale face flushed with happiness.
There was something else on India’s mind, as well. It had been on his mind the whole voyage, and during his month in Kingston, and the more he thought about it the more it tugged at him. The evening of Eli’s birthday, India told him.
‘I know what I’m going to do,’ he said.
Eli blinked. ‘What do you mean?’
‘When we get to Tortugal, both of us will leave this ship. Then we’re on our own. We can’t go back to Kingston. And I don’t want to go back to Mexico Island. Not anymore. Too much has changed. I’ve seen too many things, and I want to see more.’
‘I know what you mean,’ Eli said.
‘But I need a purpose. Something to guide me, to pull me along. And . . . I have one. I think I’ve always had it.’
‘What is it?’ Eli asked, when India didn’t seem about to continue.
India took a deep breath. ‘I’m going to find my father,’ he said. ‘The High Captain. Wolfgang Bones. I know he’s out there somewhere and I’m going to find him.’
Eli was silent for a while, until India lifted his head from his hammock and looked over at him, expectant, hopeful. ‘I’ll go with you,’ Eli said. ‘I’ll help you find your father.’
India grinned widely and reached across to grasp Eli’s hand. ‘Thanks, matey. I couldn’t do it without you.’

Danse Macabre


San Dillinger was the colour of gunmetal, but at times the mass of buildings and walls looked almost silver in the sun. It was nicknamed the City of Silver in a kind of mocking homage to the City of Gold, otherwise known as India. Forests and clumps of grey rock stretched outside the city all the way to the cliffside and the lower western shore. Along the cliffs were the high, flat walls of a naval fort: the city’s military beginnings. Looking out to sea between the battlements were six calentures: huge cannons made for naval forts, man-o’-wars and some of the bigger frigates. Sometimes smaller pirate ships took them on board, Grimmer told India and Eli, desiring the daunting and formidable boost in firepower no matter the expense in speed and agility. Calentures were known for their adaptability, often making use of special ammunition such as heat shot, spiked shot, and the notorious cluster shot, which exploded on impact into a rain of smaller explosives, causing complete devastation and disarray.
The Ship of the Dead anchored to the forested western side of the island, away from the city on the cliffs. The crew pulled the boats up a stony beach and India and Eli, pleased to be on dry land, followed the skeletons into the treeline.
The woods clustered in around them, but were far easier to walk through than the Kingston jungle. Creatures skittered away into the trees, camouflaged things with beaks and striped tails. Thick creepers wrapped around trunks and plants nodded like sleepy old men, dripping from the heavy humidity. The sun came only in lazy shades, infinite dots of moisture in the air made clear in its fading yellow beams. 
India was wiping his coat sleeve against his wet forehead for what seemed like the twentieth time when he, Eli, and the skeletons emerged from a particularly thick knot of trees and arrived in a small clearing. Mists had been crawling around their feet, in and out of tree hollows and twisting around branches; here they thronged together into a thick swirling cloud, veiling the sunlight.
The jolly rogers stopped and Big Cage dropped the large chest he had patiently borne on their journey. When he opened it up, India glimpsed black folds of clothing inside. One by one the skeletons picked up a set of clothes and retreated, discarding their own clothes to the earth, boots and all, baring ribcages and pelvises with zero modesty – after all, what did they have to hide? In absolute silence they donned their new garb: dress wear as black as midnight, silken evening suits and sleek gowns puffed at the waist. To these they added (from another chest carried by Sockets) formal heeled shoes and powdered wigs, adorning themselves with onyx jewellery and finally masquerade masks that they held up to their gaping eyeholes on thin white sticks.
India and Eli watched the transformation, dumbstruck. They were no longer a skeleton crew, but ladies and gentlemen in formal funereal dress. Their bones dampened and shone in the drifts of yellowed mist, but with the wigs and masks and beautiful dark clothes you could just about blink and pretend . . . they could be, couldn’t they? India had never seen the dead look more human and at the same time so ethereal, apparitions of some gothic dream.
Grimmer glided up to him – the vapours were obscuring his feet – and whispered in his ear. ‘We don’t have dress for the two of you,’ he said in a strange voice he’d never used before. ‘Do you want to stay?’
‘What’s going to happen?’
‘We’re going to dance. It will be for a long time, into the night.’
‘I . . . I’d like to take part. But that might be too much.’
Grimmer nodded and withdrew from somewhere on his person a silver coin, which he pressed into India’s hand. ‘Go into the city when you are ready,’ he said. ‘You will find the way, as long as the ground rises. Feed yourselves.’
India stared at the coin, then pocketed it. ‘When will you finish?’
‘Come back when the moon is high.’ Grimmer turned and offered his hand; Hairless took it and the two of them walked to the centre of the clearing. India saw the others all coupled together. Hands met shoulders and waists and, without music, they began to dance.
It was nothing like the dance of the dead India had been party to on Mexico Island. This was slow and formal, a ballroom waltz that moved to nothing but the sway of the mists and the shiver of the trees. India shivered and glanced at Eli, who didn’t look back at him. The scene was somewhat frightening. No matter how well India thought he knew the crew, this was something else, something that truly painted how different they were from him, how they were privy to things he could never understand.
After a minute of this spectral waltz, this danse macabre, India was surprised to see Eli blocking his view, holding out his hand. India looked at him quizzically for a moment and then took it. They began to dance themselves, step by step, moving into the circles of the dead.
India thought it would be horribly awkward; after all, he’d never done a formal dance in his life and certainly didn’t know how this one went. But as soon as he’d taken Eli’s hand it was like he’d been swept into a dream; within seconds he found himself stepping and turning and moving without thinking. His mind was strangely blank, as though it’d been emptied of all but images. The sunlight was no longer yellow but cold and blue. The movements around him were like paintings in a flipbook. He looked into Eli’s eyes, his emotionless expression, and saw the same acceptance of this new reality reflecting back at him, another mind empty of words or concrete thoughts.
And then the music grew.
It grew. It didn’t start. It had always been there. But now it rose up, reaching his ears and increasing in volume, in vibrancy. An orchestral waltz, filled with dark hope and trembling with strength, with the romance of black roses and dying love, the bewitching whirl that shook the spirit and carved up hearts and innocence and took young men and women to die for each other, for their families and for their countries, for things they never even knew. The music was feverish memory, as darkly seductive as all the most passionate memories, and India felt himself go dull with it, go strong with it, go hot and cold into the blue sunbeams, go hopeless and with hope fit to burst, go into nothing at all, just blackness, all blackness, all dead staring faces, and the ache, the hollowness, the roses wilting and drowning in the moonlit waves of the sea . . .
India stumbled out of the clearing, clutching his head. It had been too much. The music was fading away like a streamer behind him. Eli was hot on his tail and together they wordlessly travelled deeper into the forest, as far away from that beautiful, terrible dance as they could.

*

India and Eli wandered the streets of San Dillinger, while the jolly rogers continued their dance in the forest. The city was smaller than Kingston (and India gathered that both of them were mere villages compared to the major cities on the Continent), but whereas Kingston was sprawling, San Dillinger was compact, with a “pushed in” feel. Buildings filed together along streets of earth and stone, streets that were surprisingly quiet. Any conversation was often a fast-talking mix between Yorkish and Bordeauxan; the latter seemed to have a sizeable presence in the city.
It was slightly cooler here than Kingston, but there was a tropical fog about the place, one that had been invisible from the sea, hidden by the thicket of buildings. Like the forest, it was only when your boots were on the ground that the mist thickened and closed in, as though drawn to human bodies and their attempts at civilisation. The trails of fog kept to street level, coating the faces of anyone who ventured outdoors first in small beads and then streaming droplets.
While most of the city was grey and black and silver, everywhere there were dark green plants as tall as a man, with huge leaves that sucked up the wet mists and rolled drops of it back into the earth. The presence of the plants felt at once both alien and core to the city. They burst from the ground without any care for the buildings around them, forcing through cracks in the stone. This is ours, they seemed to say. You’re the intruders. We were here first, we’re not going anywhere, and one day we’ll be all that’s left.
The buildings themselves were of a different breed to those in Kingston. There were more blacksmiths, for a start – and not outdoor ones, but grim structures that pumped smoke from chimneys and rang with metal on metal. There were gun factories and salt mills and stone chippers. Homes seemed to be an afterthought to businesses – and it was likely people often slept where they worked. In one district the manufacturing buildings gave way to insurance offices and gunsmiths and the occasional artisan’s shop. Here grimy labourers became clerks, bootmakers, and shopkeepers with thin spectacles perched on the ends of their noses. India entered one of the gun shops and marvelled at the array of perfect, polished pistols and rifles on display, before Eli pulled him away, apologising to the owner for their lack of money.
San Dillinger’s people as a whole were a hard-set, determined and quietly sullen breed, always pressing ahead; those whose clothes weren’t dirty and threadbare wore sharp, darkly coloured coats and had fiercely raked hair that minute by minute wisped out in the humidity. Some wore cocked hats to hide the frizz and keep the sweat locked away. There was no room for wigs or fancy dresses in San Dillinger and certainly no temperament. You worked hard, or you made sure other people worked hard for you. You counted, you filed, you sweated, and if you weren’t fit for that you hammered, you cut, you heaved and you sweated, and if you couldn’t do that, well, off to the soft folk of Kingston with you, or back to the Continent with apologies.
One other element of the population – and it was unclear whether they worked especially hard or not (India perceived not) – was the San Dillinger Navy. They were still called that because of the city’s origins as a naval fort, despite the fact that they now spent most of their time on land, acting in the same role as the Kingston Guard, with blue coats instead of red. Still, there was a dock, and a small shipyard where ships were built, refitted and repaired. These were at the south end of the island, where the cliffs around the city fell sharply away and almost dangerously steep stairs were cut into the rock leading to the water. Heavy materials were hoisted by rope and pulley up the cliff face. A few frigates stood out to sea, flying Yorkish and Bordeauxan flags.
The standout structure of the city, not in height but in sheer dominance, was the San Dillinger Royal Bank, also known as Her Majesty’s Royal Bank of the Caribbean. There was nothing like it in Kingston, nor, Eli told India, on any of the other islands. India was impressed. So this was where all the flash coves kept their coin, he thought. He didn’t blame them; with all the guards and those intimidating iron bars and those fat stone walls, the place was like a prison, except one firm on preventing anyone breaking in.

*

When India and Eli had tired of walking the city and watching a ship being built piece by piece in the shipyard (or rather, when their thirst and hunger had finally overpowered their interest), they entered a stone cellar that, by the carved sign outside, seemed to serve food and drink. There was nobody else inside; India guessed everyone was at work.
‘What would you like?’ India asked, as Eli flopped down at a table.
‘Water,’ Eli replied.
‘And?’
‘Um, I don’t know. I don’t mind.’
India walked over to the greasy-haired old man rubbing an iron mug with a piece of cloth. ‘Water and a bottle of rum. And bread and soup and meat for two. Whatever’s good,’ he said. ‘Please,’ he added.
The old man peered down at India, then looked over at Eli. ‘You’re just kids,’ he said, his voice rasping.
India stiffened. ‘I am nearly fourteen. And he’s fifteen.’
‘That’s what I said. Kids.’
‘You won’t serve us?’
‘I won’t serve you rum. Not a bottle of it at any rate. I ain’t clearing up your sick.’
 ‘I can hold my drink,’ India said, crossing his arms. ‘I’ve had it plenty.’
‘Hmph. I’ll be the judge of that.’ The man looked him and Eli over once more then turned away. ‘You’ll get a quarter cup of rum between you, no more.’ He spun back around. ‘That’s if you can pay? Can you?’
India withdrew the silver coin from his coat and placed it on the stone counter. The man’s eyes lit up.
‘That’ll do sir,’ he said, whipping the coin away and pocketing it before India had blinked. He grinned, a sickly expression that exposed two rows of yellowing teeth. ‘A quar—a half cup of rum, water of course, and our two best meals for you both. I hope you enjoy them.’
‘Thanks,’ India said, wondering what the coin’s value was. He sat down opposite Eli and fielded a rush of dizziness. Thankfully, the man came back with mugs and a jug of water which, while warmer than they’d have liked, they gladly quaffed, refilled, and drank again.
The food arrived a suspiciously short amount of time later. If this was the cook’s best, India would hate to see their worst. Lumps of meat bobbed in a grey-green soup, and there was a loaf of crusty bread to share. India gobbled it up; it was food, right? And not too bad to the taste, neither . . . 
Eli, who was used to finer foods, picked at his meal with a turned up nose. Eventually his hunger got the better of him and he settled in to eat; neither of them spoke until they were nearly done.
‘Tell me about your father,’ Eli said.
‘Didn’t I already tell you?’ India said, his mouth full.
‘Yes. But . . . tell me a story about him.’
India swallowed and thought for a moment. ‘Okay. My father was – is – High Captain Wolfgang—’
‘High Captain of what?’ Eli interrupted.
‘Just High Captain,’ India said. ‘Of everything. Of all the pirate fleets.’
‘Your father was a pirate?’
India rolled his eyes. ‘Of course he was a pirate. Are you going to listen?’
‘Yes, yes. Sorry.’
‘People forget about him, think he’s just a myth. But he’s real. Maybe he’s retired now, I don’t know. It’s been a long time. I’ll have enough questions for him when I see him. Maybe when he meets me he’ll take me on the Kraken with him.’
‘The Kraken?’
‘His ship. Huge and sleek, with a monstrous prow and a taffrail cut like tentacles. It was the best ship that’s ever been built. It could hold calentures – two on each side – and still be the fastest of its kind, it was so well made.’
‘How do you know? I mean, you haven’t seen it.’
‘It was described in the Book. I tried to draw it once, but I’m not a very good artist.’
‘What book?’
‘This story isn’t getting very far.’
‘Sorry.’
India tore off another piece of bread and leaned back. ‘It’s okay. I didn’t really have one in mind. I mean, I know them, but I don’t think I could tell them very well. I’d need the Book. That’s . . . it’s like a chronicle of my father and his adventures. Mrs Wayles read it to me, before I’d learnt to read it for myself.’
‘What’s it called?’
‘The Book. I don’t know, it doesn’t have a name. Or maybe the name got rubbed off over time. It’s pretty old.’
Eli nodded, dipping a torn off piece of bread in the last of his soup. ‘So it’s a biography? I mean, it’s not written by him?’
‘No. I don’t know who wrote it. But it’s full of lots of things. Big battles and sailing in massive storms that killed half the crew. Laying siege to San Dillinger, right here, back when it was just a naval fort. Stories of Tortugal and taking on Yorkish man-o’-wars. Stories of the south . . . of adventures in Gyptia and Barbary and Amazonia, and the swamps of Louisiana.’ India buzzed with excitement. It was one of his favourite subjects and he couldn’t help but imagine it as he spoke, as he always did. ‘It talked about other pirates too, like the Pirate King, you know, Ivory, and Bucklemeir Horn – the one who had all that treasure and buried or hid it somewhere. My father sailed with both.’
‘I thought that was a legend.’
‘It is. Don’t mean it ain’t true.’
‘Does it say where the treasure is?’
‘Do you think it would? Come on, everyone would be after it! That’d be silly.’
‘He probably wouldn’t know himself.’
‘Maybe. If anyone would it’d be my father. I’ll have to ask him.’
‘Do you have any idea where he might be?’
India frowned and shook his head. ‘If I keep my ears open, and keep my tongue wagging, I’ll hear something eventually.’
Eli nodded. They stayed in the cellar for a while, sharing the half cup of rum (not entirely equally; it made Eli’s eyes water and funny noises come from his throat), India doing his best to retell stories from the Book. He waved his hands a lot, trying to capture, with more than an ounce of frustration, what had happened in the times his father sailed the seas. His words turned to patterns drawn in the air before he finally gave up and the two of them talked about Captain Horn’s treasure, where it could be, how much it might come to and what they’d spend it on.
‘A house,’ Eli said. ‘That’d be the first thing. A big house, like the Crescent and Main’s, except bigger and better.’
‘Really?’ India said, raising his eyebrow. ‘I’d get a ship. Maybe I’d even have one built for me.’
Eli smiled. ‘What would it look like?’ he asked.
India scratched his head and began to explain, changing his mind over and over at every possible instance. He could see a mixture of patience, amusement and almost disguised disbelief on Eli’s face. No doubt Eli believed such a ship impossible, and maybe it was, but details could always be ironed out later. Right now India didn’t care whether it seemed believable or not. It existed, it was there. In his head, it was there, as real as anything.

*

India and Eli returned to the western forest when the moon had risen, as Grimmer had suggested. Eli seemed a little fuzzy from the drink. For a long while they couldn’t find the crew; the woods seemed dense with silence. There was no music to be heard. The mist was particularly thick in places, almost swallowing them up, and at other points it seemed to run from them, opening up the forest in all its stark black emptiness. 
It was definitely creepy. India didn’t say so, but he was glad Eli was there, and he was fairly sure Eli felt the same. If it weren’t for the blue moonlight they’d have been bumping into trees and falling over roots. That almost happened a number of times anyway, as India was too busy watching the compass he’d taken from the ship to give heed to his surroundings. A number of times he had to be pulled back by Eli’s grip on his sleeve.
Disappointingly, by the time they located the crew the danse macabre had ended, and the skeletons were changing back into their original clothes. India and Eli had both been hoping to catch the final steps.
‘Good time in Dillinger?’ Grimmer asked, donning his coat. Beside him Big Cage grunted as he hefted up the chest of fancy dress.
‘It was alright,’ India said.
‘Ready to go back to the ship, I hope?’
‘Aye.’
‘Been drinking have you?’
‘Aye,’ Eli said.
‘Well. Wouldn’t be good for you to hang around any longer, not with the Kingston Guard after you. Before you know it there’ll be posters with your face on them here too, and a reward that’d tempt even me.’
‘Really?’ India raised his eyebrows. ‘I don’t think so. They wouldn’t go to all that effort for us.’
‘Lancer would,’ Eli said.
‘Hmm,’ India said. 
They traipsed back to the boats and were quiet as they were rowed out of the shore fog and onto the dark crystal sea. They boarded the ship, the moon on them like a great bulbous eye. Eli retired immediately but India stayed up on deck, watching San Dillinger retreat, the dim, hazy lights of the city popping out of sight one by one. He wondered distantly how he would ever find his father when there was so much world to find him in.

The Greatest Waypoint in the Caribbean


At first, the days seemed to go by terribly fast. But one morning India woke up and found the time simply dragged and dragged, found the ship no longer cut through the waves but bobbed along like a floating tortoise, and there wasn’t any land in sight, no ships, no surfacing whales or shark fins, hell, not even any clouds in this big blue nothing, not one single thing to look at with his spyglass. (India had asked to use one so often that Grimmer had given him his own that hooked onto his belt.) After that, every day and night was the same, crawling by, and the destination seemed only to retreat from them the more time passed. Sometimes, swaying a little with the heat, India would wonder if Tortugal even existed – and if it did, whether they were going towards it, or if the crew was keeping him as punishment for daring to be on their ship, dooming him to an endless voyage.
To keep himself busy, India asked members of the crew to teach him whatever they knew best, and between them all he and Eli learnt just about everything there was to know about ropes, sails, navigation, bilgework, ship repairs, swabbing the decks, fishing – and even card games and cooking. Some tasks, such as bigger repair work, anchoring and cannon operation, they couldn’t really practise, but they were told about it anyway. There were dusty books in the hold they were pointed to for further study. Eli reminded India that all this was no replacement for real experience and Grimmer added that life on the Ship of the Dead was a good deal more relaxed than others, yet India was pleased with himself nonetheless, especially when he helped out the crew. 
It may have been the case that the ship could look after itself in many respects, and that the crew’s work was more hobby than duty, done out of a mixture of habit, boredom and perhaps even some semblance of passion, but that didn’t mean India didn’t appreciate the opportunity to learn the skills (as well as relieve the monotony). Each step seemed to take him closer to being a real pirate.
Early on some of the work had been frustrating, strewn with enough effort and failure to consider giving up entirely (and a few times he had). A lot of the work was backbreaking; pumping water from the lower bilges was the worst of it, as unpleasant a task as India had ever had, but he tried to grit his teeth and not complain (not that it always worked). For a few days Eli fell ill from exhaustion and Grimmer commanded them both to rest and not to take on more than they could, and certainly not to try and match the efforts of the rest of the crew, who, he reminded them, were not just much older, but were long past the point of illness. India had grumbled, but passed out shortly after.
Eventually India and Eli were performing a number of duties independent of assistance or supervision. India started to consider himself a learned and valuable sailor. He definitely felt stronger, more enduring of anything the crew could throw at him. He gripped his arms and was sure he could feel muscles where there hadn’t been before.
As well as ship duties, which seemed to afford him greater respect among the crew (perhaps even from Liver), India continued his sword practice. His arm hurt less and less after each session. He fought against a number of the crewmembers; two of them he actually managed to defeat, although he couldn’t truly be sure if they’d let him win or not. Still, he was getting better, he knew it. He was getting good. Maybe not Devil Flynn good – India doubted he’d ever be at that level – but he was a damn deal better than he’d started. In fact, with training he could admit to himself that he hadn’t been at all proficient at the beginning. But what kid on Mexico Island really knew how to use a sword, or needed to?
India practised with a variety of sword types; each took a while to adjust to in terms of the different weights, grips and balance. The most recent one was a smaller kind of sabre with a bruised look, a leather-wrapped grip and an unpolished brown guard. The blade was greyer than the shining silver he was used to, and covered in notches.
‘It’s yours, this one,’ Grimmer said. ‘You can keep it.’
‘Thanks,’ India said, then added, ‘What is this?’
‘It’s a dwarf cutlass.’ 
 ‘This is a baby sword,’ India complained, examining it. ‘It’s like a big knife. And it’s all old and worn and dull.’
‘It ain’t nothing of the sort,’ Grimmer said. ‘It fits you. You’re not big enough for a longer blade. You’re only thirteen for Davy Jones’ sake.’ 
‘I can handle bigger.’
‘I know you can mate. But think about a big sword hanging from your belt, almost touching the ground. Think about running with it. Not to mention the weight of the thing – weight gets a lot heavier you know, over time. A few hours training a day is nothing. No, the rest are too big for you right now. There’s nothing wrong with a shorter blade, mate. It might be dull, but give it a good rubbing and a good sharpening and it’ll be good enough to cut hairs on. As for old and worn – what do you want, a sword that’s never said boo to a landlubber? A sword that will flinch in your hands? Or do you want a sword that knows what it’s doing, a sword that’s survived worse than you can imagine? Mate, this sword is older than you know. It fought Doradian corsairs at Echo Cove and on the decks of Ivory’s Pirate Royale. It danced death on the Gyptian sands and held off the Yorkish at the Battle of Tortugal. It sank into a swamp in Louisiana and was pulled out again still attached to its owner’s hand.’
‘What was that last bit again?’
‘Practice with it mate. Trust me on this, I know swords and I know people.’
‘Okay. Thank you.’ India gave it a wave and made a few practise movements with it.
‘See? It’ll be best your friend in no time.’
‘What about a pistol?’ India grinned.
‘Try again in a few years.’
India did a spin, ending point thrust out. ‘Did you give anything to Eli?’
‘I gave him a knife. Aye, that’s smaller than yours . . . I can’t say that he wanted it, but I told him he’d feel better if he had at least something to defend himself with.’
‘I’ll defend him.’
‘I’m sure you will. I’ll leave you alone to get better acquainted.’
‘Alright.’ India slashed away. He understood. All the previous, heavier swords had been used to build his strength. This was light and manoeuvrable, something just for him. It was his sword. His sword. Not just something to train with. Something he could carry, on land and on sea, something to fight with, something to cut with, something to ki—
India stopped and stared at the sword for a long while before putting it in his belt and walking away.

*

India and Eli did a lot of their ship’s duties together and spent time talking in their cabin. India couldn’t put his finger on it, but there was something about Eli that gave him a twinge of – what was it? Fear? It was like a sense of loss, or confusion. India couldn’t understand it. Was this what it was like to really care about someone? It felt like something from Eli, something he carried inside him, was reaching across and touching India, infecting him.
Sometimes India thought Eli had a sad look on his face (more so than usual) and once or twice perhaps even pained. India asked him about it, but Eli simply shook his head, his black hair flopping on his face, and forced a smile, said he couldn’t explain, he just couldn’t. India pressed and Eli said sometimes he felt like there was something gnawing away inside him. Some kind of deep worry or hurt. 
‘About what?’ India asked. 
‘About everything,’ Eli replied. ‘Grimmer says I’m just growing into a man.’
After that, Eli would only say, ‘I don’t know. I don’t know.’

*

Out of all the places on the ship, there were only two spots India never visited. One was Blackbone’s private cabin. The other was the helm, the area that held the ship’s wheel. It was the latter that held the most fascination.
The wheel was almost always held steady, but every so often India caught it turning, as though guided by ghostly hands. It was then that he was most conscious of an otherworldly presence on the ship – or the spirit of the ship itself. It was impossible to explain, even more so than a crew of walking, talking skeletons. At least you could see them.
India had tried to approach the wheel on his first voyage to Kingston. When he’d stepped up to the helm a chill had descended upon him, and an immediate unease. As he approached the wheel that chill turned to frost, an icy pain in his bones and in his head. Black flashes assailed his eyes and he screwed them tight to block it out. When he recovered, he found he’d walked away from the wheel entirely. 
He tried once more on the journey to San Dillinger, but the effect had been the same. Once again he had been consumed by cold dread and black flashes, once again he’d ended up back on the main deck. 
A long way into the voyage to Tortugal (who knew how many days, or weeks), he’d volunteered for a night watch, as unnecessary as it was. The day had been brutally hot, with nary a scrap of wind to cool them or propel the ship out of its lazy drift. The night too was unmerciful and it was difficult to say which was more oppressive: the crew’s quarters, where they were all holed up sleeping or playing Dead Man’s Hand (a popular card game among the crew), or above decks, where the black sky beat down on black water and the air was like breathing in hot, dry salt.
During the night shift, when nobody else was around, India, with a sudden determination and resolve, approached the wheel once more. The chill turned quickly to frost that was as dreadful as it had been the first time, but he kept going. The black flashes began, but he pushed through and continued on, his teeth grinding and tears in his eyes. He had to try. 
He took one final step and fell forward. His hands gripped the wheel.
The pain vanished, but in its place rose horror and despair. India saw death, the death of everyone and everything. He saw Devil Flynn, full of bullet holes and covered in blood, with Lancer standing over him gloating, before he too collapsed from some unknowable end. He saw Salia, lying on her bed and strangled, her eyes open and glassy. He saw Eli, his throat cut on a golden street. He saw Grimmer beaten with rocks by faceless creatures, his skull the last thing pounded to dust and blown away in the wind. Mrs Wayles and Mr Bassard, Treymeir Main and Jone Crescent, Dessica and Spares, Skiv the Ratboy . . .
All dead and dying.
His whole body was trembling and India was dimly conscious of his eyes rolling in their sockets. Finally his vision went dark and grey, but before he could gasp in relief, out of that shifting greyness came the black eyes of Davy Jones.
India cried out and willed his body to move. He felt a rush of wind and a sudden agonising jerk of his limbs, as though he was being controlled like a puppet, without care for joints and muscles. Something hit his head hard.
He opened his eyes, not knowing he’d ever closed them. He was lying on the main deck of the ship. Above him, the ship’s wheel, a spoked circle of black, had its eye fixed on him.
India lay there for a while before shakily getting to his feet. ‘Don’t worry,’ he said to the wheel. ‘I won’t be doing that again.’
He shuddered and walked to the other end of the ship to finish the rest of his shift. There he saw Sockets, sitting and staring at him.
‘Learned your lesson,’ Sockets said.
‘Yeah,’ India said. ‘Don’t touch the wheel.’
‘Ever.’
‘Ever,’ India confirmed, holding onto the gunwale for support.

*

The first thing they saw was Nassar.
It appeared in the distance like a dark needle. A strange spike that seemed to come from nothing, risen from the ocean; it could have been anything, the broken mast of a ship, an ocean obelisk, or some dead monster floating on the waves, a single tentacle aloft and frozen stiff. An inexplicable mirage.
The needle became a thimble, and then a spearhead thrust up from the earth where it was born. As the hours passed, Nassar grew and grew, and around it the island grew from its roots and came into being.
The sight did not become commonplace; India did not become accustomed to it. In fact, the closer they sailed the more incredible it became. India’s mouth dropped further open. Now Nassar was a cragged black pyramid, a monstrous monolith that pointed to the heavens and curried favour with capricious gods of island and sea.
Looking through his spyglass, India shivered. The greatest waypoint in the Caribbean. Pirates and scoundrels gravitated towards it, while Yorkish vessels and honest merchants kept their distance. India could see why: if ever there was a vision to frighten the innocent and the fearful, it was Mount Nassar, with its sharp slopes and its single, brutal point.
India lowered the glass. The island around the mountain could now be observed with the naked eye. It was a jungle, but unlike those on Kingston or Mexico Island. Or perhaps it was just a trick of the setting sun, which seemed to turn everything aglow. The mass of foliage was powerfully vivid. If there was such a thing as bloody green, it was here. It was as though the plants themselves leaked colour, spilling their chlorophyll innards over the land like paint. In patches, the jungle seemed tremendously dark, the foliage as one turned over to some black impulse – or perhaps it was nothing but shadow.
Around the jungle were lights, springing up one by one as the evening deepened. The pirate haven of Tortugal blinked itself out of the darkness.
There were jetties and walkways and many huts, sprawling from one side of the island to another. Flag-waving wooden towers poked from the jungle and large birds of red-and-black plumage soared in circles around them before alighting on roofs. Some structures climbed up Mount Nassar as far as possible before the mountain defeated them. Tortugal was made of wood and thatch and rope; little stone or metal could be seen, beyond the glint of cannons.
There were no roads but there were paths that cut through the jungle, leading towards clusters of huts that jostled for dominance with the wild spirits of the island. This was no Kingston, where civilisation and nature were entirely separated. And this was no San Dillinger, where the greenery fought stone and was barely kept at bay. Here, the works of indomitable men and women were as much a part of the jungle as the palms and the creepers and the hooting of monkeys already carrying over the waves, rising above the angry and joyous chaos that was the humanity of Tortugal.
 And the ships. What ships there were! The docks might not have been a tenth as busy as Kingston, but the vessels anchored nearby made India flush with excitement. He turned to Eli, who had come to his side, and beamed. ‘Look at them!’ India breathed.
He put the spyglass to his eye again. Each ship was a different size and shape and colour. There were brown-boarded ships (that would have seemed ordinary if not for their unique designs) and ships of deepest black. There were redwoods and bluewoods and greywoods, and a huge black-and-purple-boarded vessel next to one of dark seaweed green. Brigs and nimble schooners shared waters with powerful frigates and galleons. There was even a man-o’-war – the black-and-purplewood with its towering masts and calentures and mortars visible on deck. 
Decorating the pirate vessels were figureheads of skulls and skeletons and sirens, and every sea monster that had ever come into legend; India spotted a Salt Chimera and a Hydra, and on one of the bluewoods the prow was adorned with twin Water Dragons entwined with each other.
‘Wish I were seeing it with new eyes.’ Grimmer came up beside them and leaned over the gunwale. ‘Or any eyes at all.’
India lowered the spyglass again. He’d been in a world of his own and had paid little attention to the Ship of the Dead, the lazily called orders falling deaf on his ears and the bustle around him invisible. Now he saw that the sails had been lowered and they’d stopped moving. They’d come in at an easterly angle and anchored a little way out from the island. All the other ships were to their west.
‘Where do you put in?’ India said, his voice breaking. He coughed. ‘Where do you put in?’ he said again, deepening his voice. 
‘Not far from the main docks,’ Grimmer answered. ‘There’s a smaller one a little further to the east we’ll row to.’ He pointed. ‘That’s right, we get a real dock this time, instead of just a beach. Well, we get a jetty.’
‘Doesn’t anyone see you?’
‘Ah, didn’t I mention? Tortugal might be the only place in the Caribbean where we can be around the living. Or at least a stone’s throw from them.’
‘Really? Aren’t they scared?’
‘I’m sure many of them are. But pirates, real pirates are different from the average man or woman, you see. Real pirates know the dead well. Not that they like to speak of such things. I’m not saying we mingle. They’re still a superstitious lot – a different kind of superstition to folks like those in Kingston, though. We generally keep out of each other’s way. We have our own place, the Dead Sea Inn, up past our jetty, on the slopes of Nassar. Most of the scurves who put in at Tortugal don’t mind us sharing the same island. And those that do usually keep away out of fear. Usually. Sometimes there’s a little trouble, but then that’s Tortugal for you.’
‘How long will we be here?’
‘We? It’ll be a full nine weeks before the ship leaves,’ Grimmer said. ‘This is our time off, so to speak.’
‘That’s some break,’ India said, relishing the thought of staying. ‘What if you’re not on the ship when the nine weeks is up?’
‘She’ll take off without us,’ Grimmer said. ‘It’s happened before. Happened with me, remember? And more than once with Spares. All I can say is, if you wake up after a heavy night and see the ship sailing off without you, you better be a damn fast rower.’

*

They approached the jetty in their rowboats as the sunken sun lit the horizon aflame. Small clouds had settled near the eastern heights of Mount Nassar, looking like a flock of bruised arrowheads. In the western sky, a bank of wisps formed themselves into a huge orange seabird, left drifting in the darkening blue. Neither patch of cloud could get any closer to Nassar. As they drifted towards its indomitable bulk they dissipated, as though pushed back by some invisible force.
 Everyone disembarked and tied the boats to posts, setting off up an ascending path with lit torches in hand as the dark jungle and its chitters and hoots and growls closed in around them. In the distance, laughter and fury. Here, only the wild.

*

The Dead Sea Inn was a squat building of glazed dark brown wood; if not for the reddish-orange light glowing from the windows it would have appeared black. Palm trees arched back from the entrance, so bent over they were crooked, as though struggling to uproot from the place where the dead dwelled and chorused.
The door to the inn opened not with a long, slow creak, as India had expected, but in complete silence. From within, an interior of the same glazed wood was lit by flickering scarlet and amber lamps, tangerine and vermillion blooms throwing shadows of bones against the walls to mutely rattle.
There were skeletons standing in every corner, sitting on every seat; they had all turned at the crew’s entry and there was a terrible quiet as they stared at India.
India swallowed. ‘Um, hello,’ he said. Eli stood just behind him, peering white-faced over his shoulder.
‘Ahoy mateys!’ Grimmer pushed past them and opened his arms out wide. ‘Did you miss me?’
The jolly rogers inside the inn roared as they thrust up their mugs to Grimmer’s entrance. As the other crewmembers filed in, skeletons rose from their seats and ambled over to greet them, and within seconds the Ship of the Dead’s party had dissipated, absorbed into the throng of the inn.
‘Drinks for the Crew of the Dead!’ someone called.
‘You buying?’ India heard the voice of Spares yell from somewhere in the crowd.
‘Grimm, you old bones,’ said another voice, ‘remember me?’
‘Who you calling old Mack? You’re four hundred!’ Grimmer clapped his hand on the other skeleton’s shoulder.
‘Three hundred and ninety eight I’ll have you know! And I don’t look a day over two hundred.’
‘Is that what your wife tells you? Where is Tibia?’
Mack jerked his head at the stairs. ‘Don’t ask mate, don’t ask.’ He nodded at India and Eli, who were sticking close to Grimmer. ‘So who’re these fleshers then? They don’t look like our usual patrons, not even the few ones with meat still on ‘em. For a start, they don’t seem drunk. You’re not drunk are you boys?’
‘Not yet,’ India said. 
Mack guffawed and slapped him on the back. ‘I like him!’
Grimmer straightened his back and raised his newfound drink. Clanking his fingers against his mug, he threw his head back. ‘OY YOU TERRIBLE BUNCH!’
The Dead Sea Inn quieted as everyone turned to Grimmer.
‘It is the pleasure of me and the rest of my crew to introduce you to this here India Bones and Eli Manson,’ he said. ‘I’d say they saved me from death, but as you can see it’s a bit late for that!’ Laughter followed his words. ‘Aye, but they’ve done near enough. We picked up Master Bones on account of an accident – Spares I’m looking at you!’
‘You drunk bastard Spares!’ someone called out, and everyone laughed again as Spares, who had come to Grimmer’s side, took a bow.
‘Anyhow,’ Grimmer continued. ‘India has been sailing with us till this point, and Eli joined us not long after – they’re on the run from the Kingston Governor—’
‘Piss on Kingston!’ a large skeleton at the back boomed, to an accompanying roar of agreement.
‘—and he’s been as good of company as you could hope for from a flesher. Sorry,’ Grimmer said, putting a hand to his teeth guiltily, ‘I mean a living body.’
‘And if anybody gives either of these two a hard time on account of them still being alive,’ Dessica said, striding over with her hands on her pelvis, ‘they’ll answer to me!’
‘And me!’ Big Cage rumbled.
‘So let’s show them our best,’ Grimmer said. ‘Let’s show these two landlubbers how we do things at the Dead Sea Inn!’
The deafening response to this gave India chills; he noticed Eli take a step back. Mugs were clanked together and the lights seemed to burn brighter, fiercer. A jolly roger stood on top of the bar with a fiddle in his hands, kicking his feet as he played. A heavy-set skeleton in the corner banged down on a drum and the booms reverberated throughout the building.
India was passed around from group to group, to lone, staggering individuals and back to cheering groups. He stood, he sat, and he danced. He kept company with groaning skeletons huddled around a light in the corner to smoke. He banged mugs with those with dented skulls and crushed ribs. He laughed with those sporting gold chains and long flowing headscarves decorated with Gyptian beasts. A skeleton hung upside down from a huge ship’s wheel suspended horizontally from the ceiling; he tried to drink and spilled most of his cup on a trio who threw things at him in return. India had been parted from Eli and Grimmer as soon as Grimmer’s speech had ended, but he saw them on occasion, before the tides of the inn shifted once more and new skulls greeted him. He told his story over and over, increasingly changing or embellishing details.
‘I – I – need to find . . . my father,’ India said to the room at large. ‘Wolfgang Bones. He’s . . . somewhere.’
‘Somewhere here?’ a blurry skull said.
‘Or somewhere there?’ another said.
‘Maybe he’s nowhere.’ A thin skull stared at him.
‘Or everywhere.’ The first (maybe?) grinned. 
Someone put a hand on his shoulder. ‘You alright India?’
‘Mm,’ India replied. He took a sip from his mug. ‘It’s been a long . . . a long . . .’
‘Day?’
‘A long time.’ Tiredness rushed over him. ‘I think I need to lie down. Just for a minute. Where’s . . . Eli?’
‘I am Eli.’
‘Oh. Hello. I thought you were dead.’
‘Go upstairs mate,’ a skeleton said. India squinted and thought it might have been Grimmer.
‘Upstairs?’
‘There’s beds for you and Eli. I sorted it all out. Come on, follow me.’
‘Just for a minute.’
‘Aye lad, just for a minute. This way. Come on now. No, no, this way. Up the stairs. There we go. One step. Now the next one. That’s the first one again. That’s the first one again. There we go. I’m sure we’ll be there in an hour or two.’
‘Are you real?’
‘Aye. I’m real enough.’ 

Don’t Come Back Another Day


India woke to a fire in his eyes and an ape playing a drum inside his skull. He groaned and rolled over – and fell off the bed.
‘Shank,’ he said, and groped blindly at the air.
‘Looking for something?’ Eli gazed down at him, amused.
‘My self-respect,’ India said.
‘I think that’s long gone. Here, come on now.’ Eli took India’s hand and tried to lift him up, but India was a dead weight.
‘No, no,’ India said. ‘Leave me here to die.’
‘Alright,’ Eli said, letting him slump back to the floor. ‘I don’t know if you can smell it yet, but a couple of the jolly rogers are cooking rashers and beans and potato. There’s also rum-laced juice and black tea and bread, and syrup tarts I think, if that’s what they are. They’ll be gone soon I imagine, but I’m sure there’ll be at least something left if you come down later. Some broth, maybe. Anyway, see you in a few hours. I’m starving.’
‘Okay, okay, alright, fine,’ India said, getting to his feet with a grunt and glancing around for his coat and his sword. ‘I’m coming, you bastard.’
‘Don’t exert yourself, I’m sure I can eat for the both of us.’
‘I’m up! You’re slowing me down!’

*

India ate a greasy, salty and sugary breakfast in the good company of the Dead Sea Inn, and he began to feel a bit better. The atmosphere was quieter and more subdued than last night, but pleasantly so. India couldn’t handle the thought of any more shouts and songs and raucous shenanigans. He resolved to have an easy day, starting with going back to sleep, then later maybe venturing outside the inn to lie on the beach by the jetty under the shade of a tree.
Grimmer had other ideas, and together with Eli encouraged India (by pushing him out the door) to leave the inn straightaway and explore the more “alive” areas of Tortugal.
‘Go on,’ Grimmer said. ‘Make some more friends.’
‘I don’t want friends, I want sleep,’ India replied.
‘Out, out. This is no time to play dead. Go be with your own kind for a spell. We’ll still be here in the evening if you need a bed.’
‘So kind.’ 
And so India found himself blinking in the warm light with Eli by his side, rainbow-coloured parrots squawking above their heads, boots crunching into white sand. In the distance, the soft roar of the ocean. Behind them, the door of the inn was closed firm, shutting out strange memories of the night before. It was hard to believe any of it had happened – the world of soft red and amber and rattling bones and dancing shadows was gone; here was a clear, bright world of light and water and sand, of muddy paths and long green fronds, spiky plants and dark purple lizards that darted about so quickly it was a while before India and Eli could even tell what they were.
The two of them walked down the jungle path and then along the edge of the beach towards the beating heart of Tortugal. Throngs of huts and towers, walkways and rope bridges drew closer. The city was quiet at this time, populated mostly by shuffling lone pirates who kept where they could to the scattered shade. The sun hung fat and lazy, slowly evaporating the waterline of shadow and drenching the jungle town in a heady yellow. Steamy vapours drifted from the trees, and from alcoves of stake and thatch came coughs and mutters. With each step India took the town lurched before him; twice he checked to make sure he was walking on land and not floating on the waves.
Tortugal spoke to him inside his head. The voice was sibilant, purring – words primordial, thick with sticky heat. It was the voice of the jungle, of swords and ships, of a world drenched in rum and blood, with the caws of parrots overhead and the brush of ferns against skin, and thick-furred spiders crawling up your legs . . .
India shivered. He stopped, wondering where to go, and so did Eli. Pirates passed, giving them slow-blinking glances from beneath cocked hats and tied bandanas. Their faces were dark and rough, often dirty. Some had coal-blacked eyes to protect them from the sun, men and women both. Swords and pistols swung at their hips, heavy boots tramped the ground; the packed earth was a mosaic of crossing footprints.
‘I can’t believe we’re in in Tortugal,’ Eli said in an awed whisper.
‘Come on, let’s get in the shade,’ India said, feeling sweat run down his back. He took off his coat and moved between two buildings. He could view the sea from here, and the tall, coloured ships like sentinels on the water.
‘Where do we go now?’ Eli asked.
‘A drink. Anywhere for a drink.’
‘I have no money on me.’
‘Shank,’ India said. ‘We might have to—’ He was interrupted by something sharp against his back: the point of a blade.
‘Don’t move, either of you.’ The low voice came from behind. ‘I’ve got my pistol on the both of you.’
‘What do you want?’ India said, his body stiff.
‘Everything you’ve got.’
‘Nothing is what we’ve got.’
‘Is that so?’
‘Yes,’ India said. He glanced at Eli, who had closed his eyes and wasn’t saying a word.
‘Well, it’ll just have to be the other thing then,’ the voice growled.
India swallowed. ‘What’s that?’ he asked, feeling a sense of dread. Not now, not after all this. 
 ‘Why, a drink with an old friend!’ the voice exclaimed, suddenly lighter and jubilant. The point of the sword fell from India’s back.
India turned. ‘Devil Flynn!’ He gaped. ‘You, you . . .!’
‘Handsome devil? Excellent trickster?’ Devil Flynn grinned, stepping out from the shadows and bowing. Then he embraced India and reached his hand out to Eli, whose face was journeying from tense fear to confused relief. ‘I don’t believe we’ve been properly introduced,’ Flynn said.
‘Um,’ Eli said.
India took a deep breath and exhaled slowly. ‘Eli, this is Devil Flynn, you remember, he saved us from Lancer.’
‘I remember . . .’
‘Flynn, this is Eli Manson. My friend. He used to be servant in the Crescent–Main household.’
Eli wrinkled his nose. ‘Less of the “servant”.’
‘Lancer Main aye?’ Flynn said, letting go of Eli’s hand after a thorough shake. ‘I’ve been meaning to ask you about that whole business. Did you make friends with Miss Crescent?’
‘Salia?’ A smile touched the corners of India’s mouth. ‘Yeah.’
‘She’s an interesting one, isn’t she?’
‘She is . . . Flynn, how in the hell did you get here? Did you know we were coming?’
‘I knew nothing of the sort. Isn’t it brilliant? Coincidence, you fanciful thing! Still, I suppose rogues like us gravitate to a place like this.’ Flynn leaned against the nearest hut’s wall. ‘I couldn’t stay in Kingston anymore, could I? Not since the Governor and all his dogs were out to get me. I got myself in some sticky water saving you, I can tell you!’
‘I’m sorry,’ Eli said. ‘Thank you for what you did.’
Flynn brushed his thanks aside. ‘It was a pleasure sticking it to that brat. It gave me the push I needed, too. Kingston is far too . . . proper . . . to hold an intrepid and adventurous fellow like me. I took passage on a ship first chance I got. I’ve been here a while now, making myself known. What took you so long? Seeing the sights?’
‘They didn’t catch you then?’ India said. ‘I’m glad you’re alright.’
‘Catch the Devil? Not at all, my friend. I called in one or two favours, you know, with the local amours. Terribly cheap price to pay for room and board to Tortugal. Terribly cheap. And quite confidential, of course.’
‘What ship from Kingston sails to Tortugal?’
‘That was one of the favours.’ Flynn smiled. ‘I am, after all, a man of great influence.’
India shook his head. ‘I’ll bet.’
Flynn clapped his hands together. ‘My dear boys, why are we standing idly around chitchatting in the heat when we could be cooler inside, sipping the wild excuses for drinks they have here. I know just the place. They were awful for a while, but I taught them how to mix proper drinks and now I’m quite favoured.’
‘Lead the way matey,’ India said, suppressing a laugh.
‘And may I also add, you’re looking a little finer than you did when we first met? I see Miss Salia taught you how to dress and brush your hair somewhat. Even if both those things have clearly fallen a little astray over your voyage. I would have mentioned your new threads at our last meeting but it hadn’t seemed the opportune time.’
Eli stared at India behind Flynn’s back and India shrugged, grinning.

*

They entered the Red Hook a few minutes later, a large black-boarded building with a sign half-falling from bent nails. Inside, India and Eli squinted, trying to adjust to the sudden darkness. They glimpsed shrouded faces judging them. Quiet had fallen as soon as they’d entered.
Their vision improved at the same moment patrons began to talk amongst themselves again. Flynn led India and Eli to the bar, where the heavily built and tattooed barwoman opened her arms wide in greeting.
‘The Devil!’ she exclaimed, beaming. ‘The usual?’
‘And for my friends, please Jill,’ Flynn said. ‘And remember what I told you, don’t forget the lime!’
Jill rolled her eyes. ‘Lime, lime.’
‘And the ice.’
‘Of course the ice. The bloody ice. How long have you been coming here?’
‘Aren’t my drinks popular?’
‘My drinks Devil, and don’t you forget it.’ Jill shook her head and turned her back on them, setting bottles and mugs out before her.
‘Still no glass?’ Flynn said, eyebrows raised.
‘Stop asking,’ Jill said. ‘You’re drinking out of mugs.’
‘Mugs, honestly,’ Flynn muttered to India and Eli, putting his back to the bar. ‘Might as well serve them in a bowl.’
‘Do you know any of these people?’ India asked, nodding at the crowd. Two more patrons came in as he spoke, a grizzled man in an eyepatch and a tall woman with scarlet hair pouring from a Doradian-style feathered pirate hat. 
‘Do I know any of these people? My dear friend, I know everyone.’
‘Hey, everyone went quiet when we walked in. Nobody even turned to the door this time.’
‘Everyone didn’t go quiet, that’s just your paranoia speaking,’ Flynn said. ‘The redhead who just came in, that’s Bonnie May, Bonnie the Red. Great woman, great woman. Had a very interesting life. Don’t get into an argument with her.’
Flynn stretched his back and turned at the clink of mugs. With a word of thanks, he dropped some coins into Jill’s hand.
‘Have a taste of that, amigos,’ he said.
India and Eli sipped cautiously from their mugs, then smiled. 
‘See?’ Flynn said. He stroked his face and swept his eyes over the room. ‘Those two over there, the man with the pistols all over him and the cocky stance, that’s Fast Eddie. He’s the fastest shot in the Caribbean. At least he says he is. The other gent, the slender, almost-well-dressed one with the waxed moustache, that’s Quarter Rackle. Can be a sly fellow but a good quartermaster I’ve heard. Never wanted to be anything other, hence the name.’
‘You learn people fast,’ India said.
Flynn shrugged. ‘I like to know people. And they like to know me. Let’s see, who else of any note . . .’
A heavy thud rang out as the Red Hook’s doors banged against the walls. A huge man with a heavy beard and mismatched eyes stood framed in the sunlight. ‘The Governor of Kingston is dead!’ he roared. ‘Treymeir Main is dead!’
Silence reigned for all of three seconds before the place erupted. Everybody sprang to their feet and questions and exclamations filled the room.
‘Dead?’
‘How?’
‘Treymeir Main?’
‘Thank shank!’
‘You sure mate?’
‘Praise Davy Jones, the scurve is a goner!’
‘What about the son?’
‘How did it happen?’
‘About shankin’ time!’
‘Somebody finally put a sword to him?’
‘What’s your source, Bill?’
‘You come from Kingston?’
‘This calls for a drink!’
‘Ten drinks!’
‘Long live Tortugal!’
‘Permission to console the widow!’
‘I’m sailing there right now, who’s with me?’
‘He’ll see me in hell!’
‘QUIET!’
Everyone stopped talking and moved aside as Bonnie the Red confronted the news bearer.
‘Alright Bill,’ she said in a lower tone, her hands on her hips. ‘How did he die?’ 
‘Heart attack, Bonnie,’ he said. ‘Aye, I’ve come from there. No, I think his son still be alive.’
‘Shame!’ a voice called out.
‘And you’re sure?’ Bonnie said, raising an eyebrow.
‘Sure as sure is,’ Bill said. ‘It’s the word all over Kingston. They’ll be holding a funeral.’
‘Are we invited?’ Fast Eddie said, to general laughter. He was spinning one of his pistols in his hands.
‘Well,’ Bonnie said, tilting her hat back. ‘Let’s hope the next governor ain’t as bad.’
‘It’ll be that rat son of his,’ a pirate all in black growled.
‘Whoever,’ Bonnie said. ‘Time’s not for anticipating. Time’s for celebrating one less Yorkish pirate-hating miser, and good riddance!’
There was a unanimous cheer. India and Eli looked at each other, stunned, then tentatively lifted their mugs with the others.
‘To better times to come for every man and woman who sails the black!’ someone else yelled, and there was another cheer and toast.
‘That means pirates,’ Flynn said in India’s ear.
‘Yeah, I know,’ India said. He took a gulp of his drink. ‘I can’t believe he’s gone.’
‘I won’t miss him,’ Eli said, his face hard.
‘You’d have known him better than most,’ Flynn commented.
‘I did.’
Bonnie May was standing on top of the centre table, holding her mug aloft. She opened her mouth and began to sing, not a beautiful voice but definitely a bold one, and before the second line had begun just about everyone in the Red Hook save Flynn, India and Eli (none of whom knew the words) had joined in with rambunctious enthusiasm.
The chorus was simple enough and soon even the trio was singing along, caught up in the mad sentiment of what appeared to be the anthem of Tortugal.
 
‘Sail away York, sail away
Don’t come back another day
Your flags are on fire today
Sail away York, sail away.’

‘What’s it mean?’ Eli asked when the song ended and the pirates resumed drinking.
‘New here, are you?’ They turned to see Quarter Rackle bent over the bar, eyeing them with interest.
‘Aye,’ India said.
‘I’ve been here a short while,’ Flynn said. ‘I do believe we’ve met.’
‘Yes, Flynn, I know,’ Quarter Rackle said. ‘And your friends?’
‘Escaped from Kingston and the clutches of the villainous Mains,’ Flynn said, puffing himself up. ‘With my help.’
Rackle raised his brow. ‘Is that so? I bet you have some story to tell, don’t you boys?’
‘My name’s India Bones. And this is Eli Manson.’
‘Well, you won’t be the first here to escape from Kingston, nor to run afoul of Treymeir Main. You will have guessed from the reception to his death that he wasn’t a popular man in Tortugal. But a story like yours will go far towards making you accepted here, maybe even liked. If it is true, of course.’
‘It is as true as every hair on my head!’ Flynn cried.
Rackle smiled. ‘Indeed, indeed.’
‘It is true,’ India said, eyes narrowing.
‘I used to work for the Crescent–Mains,’ Eli added. ‘I can give you as much detail as you want.’
‘I believe you kid,’ Rackle said. ‘Will you all settle down? Don’t mind my manner. How did the two of you get here?’ He beckoned to India and Eli. ‘Did you come in with Bill Timber? No, no, he wouldn’t have taken you . . .’
‘We came in on the Ship of the Dead,’ India said. Beside him Flynn winced.
Rackle’s eyes opened wide, and then he grinned, saying nothing.
‘We’ve just come from the Dead Sea Inn,’ India continued. ‘I can name you the whole crew if you like. Grimmer, Dessica, Spares, Blackbone, Hairless, Big Cage, erm, Sockets, Liver, Cold Shoulder . . .’
Rackle put his hand up. ‘Okay,’ he said, looking at them with a good deal more curiosity now. He stroked his moustache with a finger. ‘You are speaking to one of the few pirates who has occasionally visited the Dead Sea Inn and spent a little time with the crew. Admittedly when drunk. You seem to be able to name more than I can, which is very peculiar, especially for a newcomer. I think I will venture there again soon and see for myself. Hear it from the skull’s mouth, so to speak.’
‘If you must,’ India said. 
Rackle took a drink, eyeing them over the rim of his mug. ‘And yet you don’t know our song,’ he said, putting his drink back down on the bar. ‘You don’t know where it comes from. You’re not pirates, are you?’
‘We could be,’ India said.
‘I assure you,’ Flynn said, ‘we are scoundrels.’
‘It is the Song of the Battle of Tortugal,’ Rackle said. ‘And it happened when you were just babes, if you were even born at all. I was fresh-faced myself, some way from being the quartermaster I’d stay from then on. Those were the years when Ivory led our fleets, and we gave York more hell to pay than we ever do now. No matter that we won the battle, times still change.’
Rackle took another drink and sighed. ‘York came for us, came for Tortugal. So many ships on both sides. We had cannons and calentures fortified on the slopes of Nassar. Haven’t touched them since. The Pirate Royale commanded our side like some great unstoppable beast – oh, you should have seen it then. Magnificent. Giant. That was Ivory’s ship. A couple of the ships out in the bay were there that day. The Sea Ghoul. The Talisman.
‘The fight went on and on. Whole ships destroyed. Tortugal shelled. Eventually though, eventually . . .’ An irrepressible grin stole over Rackle’s face. ‘The Yorkish ships retreated, the Pirate Royale chasing them off. You should have heard the cheers that day, I thought we’d deafen the gods. Our black flags flapping in the breeze – raised on every ship, and all over Tortugal. Someone shouted, “Sail away York, sail away”, and another added, “Don’t come back another day”. Every scurve here will tell you it was them.’
Rackle’s smile faded. ‘At every moment we expected Ivory to turn and sail back, triumphant. The Pirate King. “Making a full job of it” somebody would laugh. “See them over the horizon.” We waited for him to return. Of course he would. Why wouldn’t he?’
‘He never came back,’ India murmured, filling the pause.
Quarter Rackle shrugged. He straightened. ‘A pleasure meeting you both. Flynn.’ He touched two fingers to his brow and strode off.

Dear India Mancer


India, Eli and Flynn stayed at the Red Hook for a long time, playing cards (or trying to – only Flynn was any good), talking with other patrons and hearing their stories, and telling their own in return. Both Quarter Rackle and Bonnie the Red visited the Dead Sea Inn to confirm their accounts, as well as an ancient looking pirate and an ohdwaa called Old Neg. By the end of the day, everyone in the inn knew and at least half believed their tale. By the end of the week, the whole island did.
India and Eli took board with Flynn above a not entirely reputable place (but then where in Tortugal was) known as the Blue Carbuncle. India had wanted to go back to the Dead Sea Inn, but Eli had discouraged him, telling him he didn’t think Grimmer really wanted them staying there, or at least thought it best if they didn’t. ‘I don’t think the living and the dead are supposed to mix,’ he said. ‘At least not here. Not to the extent of sleeping in the same place.’
The three of them spent the days making acquaintances among the pirates on the island and exploring both Tortugal and the jungle beyond. They tried hiking up the black slopes of Nassar, but soon the incline grew so steep and dangerous that they were forced to descend. They picked fruit in the jungle, lazed in hammocks, and sometimes helped with the unloading and loading of goods at the docks and the movement of food and drink and other items to the Dead Sea Inn, for which they became a bit of a go-between. Under the tutelage of Flynn (who seemed to be a very quick learner), and sometimes the insider explanations of Quarter Rackle, India and Eli learned a great deal about life in Tortugal, the businesses there, the ships in the bay and their crews, and the professions, interests and personalities of the people involved. 
Pirates weren’t just pirates, India realised. Far from it. They were sailors and merchants, riggers and navigators, accountants, tradesmen, smiths and carpenters, tailors and drapers, barkeeps and cooks, swabbers and broomers, builders and shipwrights, gunners and brawlers, haulers and hoarders, card sharps and musicians, divers and climbers, trackers and explorers, hunters and whalers, surgeons and shamans, gunfighters and warriors, and, of course, drunkards, thieves, criminals and murderers. Some were ex-navy, some ex-army, some ex-shipping, some ex-slaves, and some had never done an honest day’s work in their lives (if there was such a thing as honest work). They could be in it for the gold, the drink, the rebellion, the freedom, the hunt, the sport, the glory, the fight, the apathy, the brutality, or all of it combined. Some were pirates because they had no other choice, they’d been forced into the life. They were fierce and they were friendly, they were passionate and they were lazy, they were full of laughter and full of rage. There were women and men and ohdwaas, some barely out of youth and some old and wizened; there were Yorkish, Doradians, Bordeauxans, Barbaryans, and many people indigenous to the Caribbean, whose ancestors had always lived in these waters. There were people from countries India knew nothing about. There were even a few Chinese, a people India had never seen before, and a single, strange-spoken Zealander. 
On the third day of their wanderings India, Eli and Flynn visited the ragtag emporium of local, traded, and stolen goods known as Barbary Anne’s, where Flynn bought India and Eli new boots. Flynn bemoaned Anne’s selection but India and Eli couldn’t have been more pleased with the new piratical footwear. A few days later Flynn presented Eli with a new coat: a swish black number that India was instantly jealous of, despite being rather proud of the one Hairless had given him. He was satiated somewhat when Flynn bought him a pendant he’d had his eye on for a while: an Aztec skull with silver chain, which India immediately donned next to his sun pendant and never took off.
Determined now to get better and better, India’s most active time was spent sword training with Flynn. He was amazed when, sweating profusely, he actually won one bout. ‘Well done sir,’ Flynn had said, stepping back from the point held to his throat. ‘I will now shift my game up to thirty-five percent. En garde!’ 
After the first month, the rumours of India and Eli’s involvement with the Ship of the Dead doubled back on themselves, carried off the island by one set of ships and returned by others, with a new level of awe and mythical embellishments. India and Eli were fast becoming a legend that spread over the Caribbean and maybe further still. He humbled himself by talking to Eli, who reminded him that tall tales and strange rumours cropped up and died all the time in these waters; theirs probably wouldn’t last.
The pirates who put in at Tortugal talked about ‘the boys who sailed with the dead’ – a phrase they would encounter again and again. India heard himself referred to as the Ghost Boy, and more than once he was addressed that way. Descendants of the original inhabitants of the island living amongst Tortugal’s pirates gave India the name Limbo, judging him with respect (and some fear) as one who could pass between the realms of living and dead. He overhead someone nursing a beer in the Red Hook say that ‘the Bones boy’ had come from under the waves, from the bottom of the ocean. The man had caught India looking and India had quickly walked away. He heard another man – come all the way from Barbary – talking to Fast Eddie at the dock, saying India had been born in a place called “Dead Island,” that he could communicate with demons, and that he had dragged another poor soul with him into the darkness (presumably Eli). Fast Eddie had shaken his head and laughed it off, saying he knew the boys and it wasn’t like that at all. But by the tone of his voice and the expression on his face, he didn’t seem quite sure.
By and large, India and Eli were liked (as far as they knew) and afforded some level of respect from most. But many also kept their distance.

*

Six weeks in, when India had gotten comfortable to the point of laziness and, recognising that familiar vice, was contemplating working at Barbary Anne’s for his own coin so he could stop sponging off Flynn (India wondered at times where it was all coming from, given that Flynn appeared to do nothing but saunter around and chat gaily to everyone), he received a letter.
The letter had been sent from Kingston and, given no ships there sailed directly to Tortugal, had likely taken some time to get to him. It would have been passed from port to port, ship to ship. It was delivered by a woman from the crew of the Talisman, which had just sailed from East Indigo, the letter’s penultimate resting place.
The letter was addressed to India Bones, with India Mancer written above and neatly crossed out. Underneath his name was written “Try Tortugal” in the same fancy script. He opened it knowing exactly who it was from.
‘Miss Salia Crescent,’ Eli said. ‘I’d know her writing anywhere. What’s it say?’ 
 ‘Crescent?’ said a voice from behind, and India found the letter snatched deftly out of his hands. ‘Let me see that.’
‘Hey!’ India cried.
Bonnie May stepped away from his clawing hands, scanning the letter. ‘Shankin’ hell,’ she said. ‘Listen to this everyone!’
The noise in the Red Hook dropped as Bonnie May read aloud.
‘Dear India Mancer . . . Bones, I hope you are well. At least, I hope you are not dead. No doubt you are understandably missing me terribly.’
Bonnie grinned and there was a guffaw from some of the others. India scrunched his face and pinched the bridge of his nose, sinking lower into his seat.
‘You may or may not have heard that Sir Treymeir is dead. It is true. However, the official report and announcement says that he died of a heart attack, which is not true. I am quite certain that it is Lancer who killed him.’
She paused as muttering rose up in the inn. ‘He did his old man in!’ somebody cried.
‘It was in the wake of yours and Eli’s escape,’ Bonnie continued. ‘Treymeir was unforgiving, and I do believe Lancer finally snapped. There was a row and then an unpleasant noise, a small thud and then another heavier thud. Lancer promptly left the house, locking the room after him. Later I found a clock with blood on it, which I do believe was used to strike Sir Treymeir and was the cause for the first thud. The second must have been the body falling.
‘As you will agree, the evidence is quite damning. We both know Lancer was a powder keg. I am writing to you in part to keep you informed and advise you that Lancer is still after you both, and that where one murder has occurred, others are swift to follow.
‘The other reason I am writing to you is to remind you of how much you miss me. You cannot visit me though, not now, as it is far too dangerous for you in Kingston.
‘Do not worry about me, I can of course look after myself. Lancer is leaving Kingston soon anyway. I do believe one principal thing on his agenda will be hunting you both down. I supposed given how fondly you sometimes talked of pirates that you will have both ended up at Tortugal – I hope I am right and that you and Eli are still together – but Lancer will not make this assumption, at least not right away. You may have time.
‘I would send you a lock of my hair with this letter but I feel it would drive you mad. And my hair is terribly precious to me. Yours, Salia Crescent.
‘P.S. Lancer is soon to be made governor. He has the full force of the Kingston Navy at his disposal and, given the power and reputation of Kingston, can perhaps draw on other ships in the Yorkish fleets.’
While mutters, muted cries and the occasional burst of laughter had risen up during Bonnie May’s reading, the final postscript was greeted with dead silence.
‘You have got to be shanking kidding me,’ India whispered. He looked at Eli, who had gone even whiter than usual and was shaking his head over and over.

*

As though news travelled together, it was only the following day that India heard a rumour about his father. He had been asking around about him on and off for the last six weeks, but nobody knew anything. Many thought the High Captain was just another legend. A couple even dared to laugh at India when he asked. Those who had taken him seriously had done nothing better than shrug. Even Quarter Rackle, who seemed to know everything about everybody, couldn’t tell India anything of value.
‘Wolfgang.’ The name spiked through the conversations and various other noises of Tortugal, straight into India’s ear. He stopped walking instantly and drew closer to the speaker.
‘Sure he’s real,’ the woman was saying. ‘Why wouldn’t he be? Legend, aye, but all legends start out as something true. I’m not saying it’s all true. I’m not stupid. I just listen to what I hear and what I hear is that he’s there.’
India stared fixedly at the hut in front of him, listening with fierce intent.
‘But what’s he doing there?’ the other woman said.
‘Shank knows. Probably made a lot of gold and is just taking it easy. I would.’
Where? India shouted to himself. Where? He was about to march over and demand the women tell him everything when the second woman came out with it.
‘Aye, I heard Indiana is a nice place, I don’t blame him.’
The first woman shrugged. ‘Might be too many Doradians for my liking.’
‘Only a few, not like Cortez or Colorado. Mostly Indians. Whereabouts in Indiana?’
‘I don’t care that much. The High Captain Indiana Wolfgang Bones is in Indiana, that’s all I heard. I don’t know nothing more.’
‘I didn’t know Indiana was his first name. Makes sense that he’d be there, then. I guess that was where he was born, or his parents came from, or something.’
The first woman shrugged again. ‘Who knows?’
India closed his eyes as the women walked off together, moving on to another topic of conversation. Indiana. My father is in Indiana.
It ain’t certain, he reminded himself. Just a rumour.
But you heard what she said. Just like legends, all rumours start out as something true. And it makes sense. If he’s not there, maybe people there will know where he is. It’s something to go on. The best lead you’ll get. 
And it was about time, too. For talk around the island was fast becoming dominated by the contents of Salia’s letter and the threat posed to Tortugal. India could already feel sentiments changing and knew that before long everyone would want him and Eli off the island. A particularly dishonourable bunch of scurves might well kidnap them and offer them to Lancer in hope of some great reward. Pirates might have stood together once, even against the Yorkish fleet, but India and Eli were nobodies here, strange newcomers in a world where innocence was a curse. Legends or no legends, Ghost Boys or not, they weren’t even proper pirates.

*

On his way back to the Blue Carbuncle, India heard his name called in a loud whisper and saw Flynn and Eli standing in a vine-covered alcove beckoning furtively. When he joined them, Flynn pulled him by his collar further into the shadows.
‘Hello?’ India said. ‘What are you doing here? Guess who’s just found out where his father might be hiding?’
‘That’s brilliant my friend,’ Flynn said. ‘And it couldn’t have come at a better time, because you’re going to leave here imminently.’
‘I am?’ India turned to Eli. ‘What’s going on?’
‘Not half an hour ago,’ Flynn said, ‘a letter was read out in the Red Hook, and no doubt other places on the island, hot on the heels of Miss Crescent’s letter. I’ll hazard this letter has made its way to every other sensible landmass it could reach, and maybe not just in the Caribbean, either.’
‘What letter?’
‘From Governor Lancer Main.’
India took a sharp breath. ‘That was quick. He wasn’t governor when Salia wrote her letter.’
‘It seems that Lancer both is not one to dally and is equipped with faster, more directly coursed ships with which to carry messages.’
‘What did it say then? No, let me guess. He wants our heads.’
‘Naturally. Mine too, in fact. And he’s offering a reward for anyone who can bring us to him. Alive, for substantially more.’
India shuddered. ‘How much?’
‘You don’t want to know. But most pirates trust Kingston officials – and any servants of York – about as far as they can throw them. As for a Main – Treymeir Main was known as a deskbound scourge of pirates in his younger days, and the cold bastard’s just as hateful and unmerciful now. Well, perhaps a little less now he’s dead. He may never have gone into battle, but his weapon has always been the pen, and a most effective weapon that can be. Few here would consider the possibility that his son will be any different. It’ll be widely known – Quarter Rackle certainly thinks so – that any man or woman or ohdwaa giving you up will not only get no reward, they’ll get jail or the noose for their troubles.’
‘You say most pirates, few pirates. There’ll be others then who might take the chance.’
‘Where there’s money, there’s traitors,’ Flynn said simply.
‘Staying here is too risky, India,’ Eli said. ‘And I don’t want us to bring trouble to this place.’
India nodded. ‘I was going to leave to find my father. I just hadn’t expected there’d be a rush. I don’t feel ready to go yet. I love it here.’
‘You have even less time than you think,’ Flynn said. ‘The Talisman is set to leave tomorrow morning—’
‘Tomorrow morning?’ India interrupted. ‘I have to get up early then?’
‘Morning is a . . . looser definition in Tortugal. I imagine you’ll have until noon before it actually sets sail. I’ve booked you both passage. It was the first thing I did before I found Eli. I believe the less delay the fewer chances taken.’
‘Are you coming with us?’
Flynn bowed his head. ‘I am not. I don’t think it wise for the three most wanted to remain together. I would caution you both to part as well, if I didn’t think they would be wasted words. And you may well need each other, before the end.’
‘The end?’ Eli said.
‘What will you do then?’ India asked, frowning. ‘Are you staying?’
‘I will take passage soon, perhaps later tomorrow. As for where I will go . . . the world is my oyster. I have a fancy I may visit Cortez, or brave Afrika, or back to York, why not? Into the lion’s den, as it were? Perhaps not London again, that grew a little stifling as a child, but a gentleman might fit in splendidly for a time on the streets of Gettysburg. It must surely be the capital of York for a reason, wouldn’t you think?’
‘We’ll miss you,’ Eli said, looking sad. ‘I’ll miss this whole place.’
‘And I will miss you both too, of course!’ Flynn replied. ‘It has been an honour. Have no fear though, we will most certainly see each other again, of that I give you my word. May I suggest you spend the rest of the day enjoying the land? And I do mean the land. You may be at sea for quite some time – I’ve heard Captain Barthimal Roberts of the Talisman does a lot of to-ing and fro-ing, and you – where did you say your father would be?’
‘Indiana, I think.’
‘Ah, yes. You’ll have to ask about the course once you’re on board, but I fear it will be at least a month before you are in those waters. At least. Like most captains, Roberts won’t put in somewhere just because a crewmember asks him to.’
‘What do you mean, crewmember? I thought you said you booked us passage.’
‘Did you think that meant you’d be lazing about in a cabin every day? Oh no, I may be a little free with my money sometimes but that is quite beyond me, even if I wished it. Captain Roberts wouldn’t give up a berth for an idler. You’ll be working on the ship – you’ll both be used to that of course, since the Ship of the Dead.’
‘No rest for the wicked,’ India said, feeling tired already.
Flynn withdrew two small bags from his coat and pressed them into each of their hands. ‘Tie them to your belt. It’s not much, but it’ll keep you afloat for a while.’
‘We couldn’t,’ Eli said. ‘You’ve done so much already.’
‘You can and you will,’ Flynn said. ‘Don’t be scoundrels now.’
Eli hung his head. ‘Thank you so much for doing this. The money, the help . . . the friendship. We’d have been lost here without you.’
‘Thank you Flynn,’ India said. ‘But where do you get all this money from?’
Flynn laughed. ‘I’m sure I’ve told you before. I’m good at making friends. And I’m good at helping people with their problems. And, last but certainly not least, I’m truly excellent with my sword.’

*

India spent the rest of the day alone on the beach, circling the island as far as he could manage and then doubling back when the jungle came right up to the shore and was too thick to pass even in the shallows. He gazed up at Mount Nassar, the black giant that watched over Tortugal and the bay and the Caribbean waters all the way to the horizon. He sat down as the sun sank low and thickly orange and picked up fistfuls of sand, squeezing them until the burning grains ran from his palm.
This time tomorrow India would be on the Talisman, the first living ship he’d ever set foot on. He wondered what Captain Barthimal Roberts would be like, having never seen him in Tortugal. Would he work them hard? Could India, no doubt so much younger than the others, stand up to it all, or would it break him? Would he be useless, and shouted at every day? Perhaps Roberts would run out of patience and have India tied to the mast and whipped, or send him over the side to be a shark’s dinner. This time next week he could be dead, just like . . . 
India sat up straight. He couldn’t believe he’d forgotten about Grimmer. It had been three days since he’d last gone to the Dead Sea Inn. He had to see him. He had to say goodbye.
India dropped the last fistful of sand and started walking back towards the pirate town, his head up, determined not to miss any of the sights and sounds and smells of this unique land.

*

‘Aye, I heard about the letter mate,’ Grimmer said, putting his mug down and staring into it. He was sitting by himself. ‘When are you going?’
‘Tomorrow morning. Midday. On the Talisman.’
‘You gonna miss the place?’
‘Yeah.’
‘I wonder if I’ll miss the ship. Spent near my whole death on those decks.’
‘What are you talking about?’
‘I’m coming with you mate. I decided.’
India’s jaw dropped. ‘Huh? But . . . but . . .’
‘You don’t want me?’
India gave a confused grin. ‘Sure I want you! That’d be brilliant, it’d make it all less . . . less scary. But you belong on the ship, don’t you? I didn’t think you could just leave.’
‘Many think the same way. But that’s just ’cause nobody does, not really. The world isn’t a kind one to the dead. You get stuck places, feel there’s nothing out there for you. The ship gives you the chance to see more, while still keeping you amongst your own, something sure and stable. The same course, the same days pass by. We’re set in our ways. You won’t believe how long I’ve been doing this. When you do something long enough . . . what else is there? You make excuses, then the excuses fade and all you’re left with is the rock solid state of things. That’s just how they are, you understand?’
‘I think so.’
‘But in the end, all you really need is someone to replace you. Mack jumped at the chance. And of course you need the ship to accept you, which it did Mack.’
‘How’d you know if the ship accepts you?’
‘Oh, you know. You know that right away.’
‘It accepted me then.’
‘The ship knew you were just a passenger. If you’d become permanent – it wouldn’t have allowed that.’
India furrowed his brow, then looked at Grimmer with a hopeful expression. ‘You’re really leaving to go with us? But why?’
Grimmer sighed. ‘I wish I could give you a good answer mate, but I don’t know if I can even give myself one. All I know is . . . I’m tired. I want something else. Everything else. I need to get away and see what the world looks like again from the eyes of the living, or at least pretend to. And maybe . . . maybe the world isn’t so unforgiving to the dead anymore. Maybe it’s changed in some small way.’ He took a drink. ‘Then again, a lot of folks the world over still treat ohdwaas like bilge, so maybe not.’
‘Is it just you coming? Any of the others?’
‘Just me I’m afraid.’
‘You’ll be very welcome.’ India smiled. ‘Eli will be happy too. On the inside,’ he added.
‘Very welcome,’ Grimmer murmured. ‘I’m sure. The Talisman, you say? Captain Roberts. Well, he’s an odd fish, I think he’ll accept it. At least, he will after I’ve waved enough Gyptian gold in his face. No pirate can turn down that. No body at all, in fact.’ Grimmer fixed his sockets on India for the first time since they’d started talking. ‘You gonna say goodbye to this place?’
India glanced around the quiet inn. ‘I already have.’

*

The Talisman set sail around one o’clock the following day, judging by the sun. Flynn was waving and bowing from the jetty; just before his form dwindled to a smudge India saw two girls take his arms and lead him away.
‘Goodbye Tortugal,’ India said under his breath. He fondled the compass in his pocket that had been Flynn’s parting gift to both him and Eli; his was black and gold, Eli’s black and silver.
‘We’ll see him again,’ Eli said at India’s side.
‘I know. Where’s Grimmer?’
‘In his cabin already.’
‘Cabin to himself, and we’re stuck with the rest of the crew.’
‘Can you blame him?’ Eli said, looking out over the waves. ‘After the reception he got coming to the ship.’
India grimaced. Every head had turned and crowds had parted wide as Grimmer had passed. Some had recoiled, some had shaken their heads and made superstitious warding signs with their hands, while the rest had just stared with fascination, muttering amongst themselves. India knew a skeleton was a rare sight in the centre of Tortugal, walking to the main docks, let alone boarding a ship for the living. But did that mean people couldn’t at least try to disguise their curiosity and prejudice?
‘He’ll be used to it,’ India said, though he wasn’t sure of himself as he said it.
He and Eli watched as Tortugal disappeared, first the buildings, then the jungle and the beach, until only Nassar remained.

The Talisman


As it turned out, India never did see Barthimal Roberts that day, nor the days that followed. The captain remained in his cabin with the door locked; according to the crew this was where he almost always stayed. Even when docked the captain would rarely come out, although a few crewmembers confessed to having seen him mysteriously flitting through Tortugal at night, as well as Cortez and Indiana and a few other places, always visiting isolated locations and always shunning both crowds and company.
‘You could sail the whole o’ the Mississippi Sea, from Cortez to the tail of Afrika, and only ever see the Cap’n a handful of times, if that,’ the first mate said in a conspiratorial whisper. He was a squat, hairy cove named Bilge Joe, with a tremendously large nose and quite a repellent odour. He wore so many grubby layers that India was amazed he hadn’t collapsed in the heat – but Joe never even broke a sweat.
‘Only one place I ever seen him out proper,’ Bilge Joe continued. ‘That was Louisiana. He opened the cabin door, just sprung it open, and walked down the gangplank carryin’ a torch, and then he was off, swallowed by the swamps. Told none of us to follow him. Three times that’s happened, at least in the history of me on the crew. Some of us think he’s up to no good, you know, occult stuff. There’s dark things in them swamps, I know it.’
Perhaps it was simply because they had never spent time on a pirate ship before, but India and Eli found the whole crew of the blue-boarded Talisman a little peculiar, not just the private and mysterious Captain Roberts. There was Bilge Joe, who as well as being first mate was proud to declare himself acting quartermaster; Roberts apparently did not like quartermasters and so there was no actual such rank on the ship. Then there was Old Neg, the ohdwaa cook, who almost never seemed to look up (not that anyone could be sure, given his eyes were lost in wrinkles) and who was sometimes seen walking in circles. There was Mikkel, the exceptionally tall and stuttering gunner; the muscular Gyptian Scarab, who had eyes so dark they seemed entirely black; Shang Yei, a Chinese woman who dressed in impossibly spotless white and whose soft, whispery voice gave India the chills . . .
India didn’t know how unusual such a motley bunch of pirates and sailors was for such a ship, but it seemed to suit Grimmer. It would be wrong to say he was immediately treated with kindness and familiarity, but he was one of them in some odd way, at least a damn sight more so than he’d have been on any more conventional ship. The crew respected him, even if there were waves of uncertainty that bordered on fear. Most of them were superstitious, as India believed Captain Roberts to be, but their particular superstitions seemed to keep them from any kind of confrontational judgement towards Grimmer, besides the occasional dark glance – though India saw them giving such glances to each other just as often.
If anything, Grimmer was given less of the work. For work there was, and it came in spades. India and the others hadn’t been asked to do anything upon departure from Tortugal, but that hadn’t lasted long. India knew for sure now that the Ship of the Dead had been relaxed. There, everyone had been going through the motions. Here, every task had to be done, and it had to be done right, without delay. India and Eli would collapse onto their bunks at the end of their shifts, feeling utterly punished. Sometimes, cruelly, sleep evaded them because of their own pained exhaustion. Then before they knew it they’d have to start working again. By the end of the first week India and Eli were so dead beat that they wondered whether they were going to slip into comas.
The end of the second week came a little easier, though it was just as gruelling. The end of the third week came easier still, with sleep quick to reach them more often than not despite the stifling heat and snores of the rest of the crew. Without fully recognising it, concentrated as they were on their duties so as not to anger Scarab (who seemed to keep everyone more or less in line), India and Eli were getting tougher. India knew that if it hadn’t been for their work on the Ship of the Dead (which seemed now a kind of preparation for the Talisman) they never would have survived.
At the end of the first month, India and Eli felt like men. They could have sworn the work they’d done at the start had been much harder than what they did now. If not, why had they complained so bitterly back then? It was rough work, sure, but it was satisfying. The ship sailed by their own hands.

*

Bilge Joe passed his long spyglass over to India. ‘Have a look boy, tell me what you see.’
India squinted out at the blinding ocean. There was a great mass of white sail and red wood out there, a beast of a ship coasting sluggishly on the big blue. India saw the open eyes of great black calentures and multiple decks darker than blood.
‘It’s huge,’ India said. ‘A man-o’-war, maybe.’
‘The flag, what flag is it?’
India focused. ‘It’s . . . yellow and red, I can’t make out the—’
Bilge Joe snatched the spyglass from India and put it to his eye. ‘It’s the Salvador!’ he called out. ‘Quick, raise the Doradian flag!’
The call was taken up by the others and one of the pirates began to race up the rigging to the crow’s nest, a bundle of brightly coloured cloth in his hand.
‘Where exactly is Dorado?’ India asked. 
‘It’s a large island, south o’ Bordeaux,’ Bilge Joe replied, peering back and forth from the crow’s nest to the man-o’-war. ‘You must know it.’
‘Of course I do.’ India could vaguely remember Dorado’s position on the maps; he always glossed over it, his attention taken by the impossibly vast Continent to its north.
‘Strong navy. A lot o’ treasure-hunters, too. You didn’t recognise the flag?’
‘I don’t know. I might have seen it before.’ Now that he thought about it, the flag did seem familiar, but if he’d seen it in a book it must have been no more than a few times in his life.
‘Where do you come from again?’ Bilge Joe said. ‘Get it flyin’!’ he called up to the crow’s nest as the Talisman’s flag was taken down and the new flag fixed. ‘That’s right! Let’s hope they didn’t see us do that!’
‘Mexico Island,’ India said.
‘That’ll be it then.’ Bilge Joe made a horrible snorting sound in his nose and spat over the side of the ship. ‘Doradian ships ain’t seen often west of Kingston anymore. Less interference with Yorkish ships and their trade routes. They’re still a little funny round each other, since the war, long ago as it was. Indiana, Colorado, J’maika are their ports o’ call. And Cortez and such.’
India rubbed his temple. His grasp of history wasn’t great, or even good. Beyond what went on in Mexico Island and vague notions of some of the more exciting-looking places on the map, his education was minimal. It pretty much came down to what Mrs Wayles had told him, and that more from answering his idle questions than any kind of formal lessons. He’d picked up bits from others, principally Mr Bassard – but Mr Bassard believed in sea fairies and thought clouds were floating gun smoke from past ship battles, so India couldn’t really trust him. That said, India did recall something about a war. He was sure it’d been before he was born though, so it had never been of much concern to him.
India expected the crew to be tense as the man-o’-war passed them by, but true to their odd nature they seemed relaxed, a mixture of casual interest and dismissal. Two of them were even sitting down on the deck playing cards, while Shang Yei appeared to spend the whole time meditating. Bilge Joe had been the most attentive, but even he simply shrugged once he lowered his spyglass.
‘We’re alright,’ he said. ‘Our flag back up in an hour!’ he called out.
‘Would they have shot at us?’ India said. ‘We’re not their enemy, are we?’
‘Kid, we’re pirates,’ Bilge Joe grunted. ‘We’re everyone’s enemies.’
As India returned to his duties, he reminded himself that caution (and deception) in the face of a man-o’-war was never a thing to be sniffed at. The Doradian ship could have blown them to pieces with a single salvo.

*

It was only after a full month had passed that India saw Barthimal Roberts for the first time. India was on midnight watch, strolling up and down the decks, his eyes sleepy, when he heard soft bootsteps behind him. He spun around to see the captain walking in his direction, an expressionless look on his face.
India stood to attention, wondering how the captain’s cabin could have opened without him hearing anything. Roberts, with his long, slow strides, made hardly any noise at all. He almost seemed to float.
The captain was, strangely enough, just how India had pictured him. He was a thin man in a cocked captain’s hat and a long and flowing maroon coat, with his beard cut and twisted into a narrow strand that ended in a point at his chest. A dozen pendants hung from his neck, yet not one of them gave so much as a tinkle when he walked. None of the symbols or designs were known to India, and in the silver moonlight they were unnerving, speaking to things far removed from his knowledge.
‘Cap’n,’ India murmured, but Roberts didn’t reply. He took no notice of India at all; his black-rimmed eyes had a dreamy quality to them and he drifted past India like he didn’t even exist.
India stared. Roberts moved with his hands clasped behind his back; he stood for a moment at the prow of the ship and then turned and glided back the way he had come. As he passed the second time, India peered into his eyes and thought the man seemed lost to the stars.
Barthimal Roberts returned to his cabin and the door closed behind him without so much as a click.

*

India was surprised, disappointed and a little relieved (though he wouldn’t admit the latter) that his time on the Talisman was not accompanied by the plundering of other ships. The Talisman seemed divorced from such an activity, content to roam the waves and land at various ports. Out of curiosity India asked Old Neg, with whom he’d developed a (slightly awkward) friendship, about it. Old Neg muttered under his breath, spooned some slop from one saucepan to another and then shuffled to face India.
‘It’s the captain,’ he mumbled. His voice was low and pitiful in tone, the voice of someone on the verge of tears, which had been a difficult thing for India to adjust to. Old Neg also had a habit of pawing at himself while speaking.
‘What about him?’ India prompted, as Old Neg took a small sidestep and sniffed another one of his pans. He reminded India a little of a blind mole, though it was best not to say such a thing to an ohdwaa – not that any of them were quite like Old Neg.
‘He doesn’t want us doing things like that. Says . . . says the ships are for the sea, um, something like that. Something to do with Tiamat, I think, maybe. I forget.’
‘But then how do you all get paid?’
Old Neg wrinkled his nose and scratched his grey neck. ‘Paid, paid . . . Perhaps you should, if you don’t mind me saying, pay more attention when we make land . . . I mean, I’m sorry . . . Don’t mind me . . .’
India grinned and patted Old Neg on what passed for his shoulders. ‘I’ll do that, friend.’
Old Neg’s face seemed to wrinkle all the way up into itself; he quickly turned and buried himself back in his cooking.

*

Being on the crew of the Talisman was like a whistle-stop tour of the Caribbean. They never stayed anywhere long enough for India’s liking, leaving just as India gathered enough excitement and desire to explore. They sailed to East Indigo and did their business at the dock rather than walk up to the beautiful palace; India never even got a glimpse of Hong Kong Silver. No doubt he was lazing about on some bed of solid gold, sending his lackeys to do his trading for him. Next they bypassed Kingston and San Dillinger, taking a long, looping voyage to Colorado in the northeast, with its beautiful, tall pine trees and blue-white waters. India was still enjoying the fresh, cool air there, standing in a grove while golden foxes scampered around him, when Scarab commanded him to return to the ship for departure.
From there they headed south to J’maika, and it was in the large port town of Hovani that India resolved to follow Old Neg’s reluctant advice: that was, hang about with the others and see exactly what they did, rather than immediately wander off.
J’maika – or at least Hovani – was different again to each of the islands India had visited previously. The buildings here were packed together, vying for space. Buildings on top of buildings. The wood was thin and yellow, which matched the dusty ochre ground. At times that wood had been split, with the resulting white stalks used as thatch, wall lining, and even a kind of structural string. On the fringes of town India could see huge groves of short and spindly trees, where dark-skinned men and women (and sun-pickled ohdwaas) hacked away with machetes.
‘They grow more and more further east,’ Old Neg said as he ambled past India. ‘Keep going and we get to Asia, you know.’
‘Is that where we’re going next?’
Old Neg shook his head. ‘Oh no. I hope not. A thousand and one islands . . . When we last went we didn’t leave for a whole year. I didn’t want to see another of these yellow stalks for the rest of my life. It’s still too soon. No, no . . .’
Eli sidled up to India as Old Neg wandered into the bustle of the town, with its soft-stinging smell of hot spices, burning wood and raw coffee. ‘I’m going to go explore, you coming? I heard there’s an amazing flower garden, right in the centre of all this.’
India shook his head. ‘I’m gonna stay with Bilge Joe and Scarab. You know, make myself useful.’
‘You’ve never been that interested in being useful before.’
‘Thought I’d give it a go.’
Eli nodded and went off, lost to India’s sight in under a minute.
Bilge Joe tramped along the dock, flanked by Scarab, who had a black box tucked under his arm and whose expression seemed even meaner than usual. They stopped when they reached India; Bilge Joe looked him up and down, his eyes suddenly wary.
‘You wantin’ to come with us?’ he said.
‘If that’s alright,’ India said.
‘What, as bodyguard?’ Joe grinned.
India shrugged.
Bilge Joe stroked his face, considering, then nodded. ‘Come on then. We’re just going to meet someone, that’s all.’
‘Meet who?’
‘Didn’t I just say? Someone. Don’t you be askin’ no more o’ those questions when we’re in company, right?’
‘Right,’ India said.
When it happened, India almost missed it. Bilge Joe was talking to a local about nothing in particular – the voyage, the current news of the day in Hovani. India grew bored, and turned his head in the nick of time to see Scarab, whose black box had already vanished, shake hands with a woman whose unremarkable appearance was forgotten by India almost as soon as she disappeared. He tried for the life of him to remember what she looked like, but she faded immediately into the crowd and was lost to both sight and memory. 
India glanced back at Bilge Joe, who was stuffing his hands in his pockets, the cove he’d been talking to already gone. India could have sworn he caught the flash of gold. 
Hadn’t there been something in Scarab’s hand too? Something the woman had given him, something small and black?
‘So that was the trade made,’ India said. ‘Very quick. Have we been doing that at every port?’
‘Quiet,’ Scarab said.
Bilge Joe grabbed India by the arm and led him away. ‘Listen lad, every pirate makes their coin one way or another, and most o’ those ways ain’t liked by all.’
‘What did we exchange? What did we get, apart from the gold?’
‘You wouldn’t know what they are,’ Bilge Joe said, his voice so low India had to stoop, straining to hear him (trying not to breathe through his nose). ‘And keep your voice down, you want the Hovani guards on us? It’s black market stuff, alright? It’s always different. Black magic, visions, medicine, I mean real medicine, forbidden signs, scrolls tellin’ you just what you don’t wanna do . . . jewels and carvings’ —he cast an anxious glance about before continuing— ‘and idols other people don’t like, pills and powders, Louisiana swampweed, various ingredients, roots and bones, you know, devil shot, demon dust, blue bilge, sometimes books, you know, the wrong sort o’ books . . . All of it, really. Davy Jones help me for even speakin’ of it.’
‘This is what Captain Roberts wants us to do?’
‘Aye,’ Bilge Joe said. ‘How else are we to make money? He got a fascination with this kind of stuff. And people can pay a lot for somethin’ very small.’
‘What’s devil shot?’
‘Shank,’ Bilge Joe said, punching India in the arm. ‘Don’t you speak of it again!’ He leaned in closer. ‘You don’t want a gun loaded with it aimed at you, that’s all I’ll say. That’s all I’ll say.’ He shuddered.
‘Back to the boat,’ Scarab said.
‘Yeah, yeah,’ Joe replied. ‘I give the orders alright? And I say back to the boat. No, you’re comin’ back with me boy, if you’re gonna be so talkative. Mikkel can bring back Manson.’
‘My name’s India. Not “boy”.’
‘Your name is shut the shank up,’ Bilge Joe said, clapping him on the back. ‘Mate.’ 

*

The evening of his fourteenth birthday, India stood on the Maiden jetty on Mexico Island and shivered. There was a film to his eyes and he felt weird and sleepy as he looked over what had once been his whole world.
The Talisman had anchored in the evening when the docks were quiet. A number of ships from Kingston (and others representing Yorkish interests) came to Maiden to do business, so the less attention they drew as pirates the better. The risk was especially high because of Lancer’s vendetta. India had heard news from the last place they’d put in: the Doradian colony of Cortez, just south of the Caribbean, in the Mississippi Sea. Apparently Lancer had gone there, a place the Yorkish Navy would rarely go and never with warships, even under the white banners of peace. Lancer, in his bold arrogance, was hunting alone; his vessel was the Carolina, a large, fast frigate, one that had been serving York’s interests in the Caribbean a long time and had gained many notches on its mast before Lancer’s captaincy.
Wanted posters were being continuously distributed and were spreading further than just the Caribbean. It was no longer safe for India and Eli to wander around when the Talisman made land and so they kept to the docks. This notoriety made the grumbling crew’s stays even shorter, and kept India and Eli apart – as much like strangers to each other as possible. Still, at least they weren’t Grimmer, who stayed on the ship whenever it landed so as not to cause a stir (apart from once in Colorado, when he’d stepped off the gangplank with his skull, neck and hands wrapped in cloth – not that that wasn’t almost as conspicuous). 
India had spent his birthday thankfully excused from any duties, yet without much in the way of celebration, beyond a hug and a handshake from Eli (who, to his credit, had attempted merriment), an awkwardly self-conscious pat on the arm from Old Neg and a short gruff toast from the crew, not half as warm as the jolly rogers had given on Eli’s fifteenth birthday.
‘One step closer to being a man,’ Bilge Joe had said. ‘You can do a bit more around the place now, big lad like you.’
India had spent the day at the gunwale, looking out over the waves as the blob of land crawled into sight. It had been surreal watching Mexico Island draw closer. He had never seen the place from the outside coming in, seen its expanse, its cliffs and jungles from so far away. In a way it seemed half foreign, something known and unknown, something from another life.
India no longer cared about the business the Talisman was conducting. Not here. He stared at the people of Maiden, doing their last bits of trade before full dark came (when the less reputable citizens would show their faces). Had he known these people? Had he been one of them? 
There was no time to venture into the heart of Maiden, let alone journey to Rug, Mohawk or even dear little Eyeless. There was no time to see Mrs Wayles or Mr Bassard. India couldn’t decide if that upset him, or if he was relieved. Had Mrs Wayles worried herself sick? Did she think him dead? 
Perhaps India would have felt a greater longing to be here if he’d known a comfortable home. But he hadn’t lived in some flash house with a loving family. He’d lived on the streets; even Mrs Wayles’s had been a long way from a place of comfort. He’d known dirt and sticks, bloody knees and scratched arms, and stealing to eat.
He thought for an instant that he saw the white-whiskered gentleman who had lent him his spyglass in the Merchant Hall, on that fateful night when the dead had come to dance. But no, it wasn’t him – at least, India couldn’t tell. Nobody here was recognisable.
How long had it been? Five, six months? It felt like years. So much had happened in such a short span of time. He no longer felt like the same boy. Once upon a time Mexico Island had been his only home. Now the Talisman was his home. Tortugal was his home. Nowhere was his home.

Make Your Presence Known
 

India had lost count of the days, but Eli confirmed they’d been on the Talisman for three months when Indiana finally came into view. 
Three hours before Lancer found them.
In some ways Indiana was similar to Mexico Island. Both had been important places in the Aztec Empire, or so it was said. But whereas the remnants of Mexico’s crumbling Aztec architecture was lost within the jungle, Indiana’s took the breath away. Already with the spyglass India could see columns, triangle arches, the many-stepped pyramid temple rising from the trees that tangled at its base. The sun held itself in the hollow eye of the temple’s roof, appearing like a beacon of blazing fire, or a dazzling orange jewel – either way a fitting cap to such a monument. India had read of another name for these structures: God houses.
 It made his Aztec Tomb, in which he’d taken such pride and excitement as a child, seem like a common shed.
India had his spyglass fixed to his eye, only briefly letting Eli have a go before Eli, sensing his impatience and excitement, handed it back with a smile. India drank in first the ruins, then the surrounding wildness of the rainforest – greens, purples, oranges and reds burst from the tree canopies like nature’s plumage. Plants and flowers of every kind grew here, climbing impossibly high in their desire for sunlight, creating a tapestry of colour that burned beneath the sun as the canopy mists unveiled.
Next, India turned his gaze to the civilisation of the present. There was the yellowstone town of Tomahawk on the eastern side of the island, glimpsed just beyond the cliffs, where a giant waterfall poured. And in front, where the ship was headed, there was India, his namesake. The City of Gold.
If the Aztec Empire had never disappeared, but continued strong into this century, India made clear what it would have looked like. The nickname was no mere fancy, no dream – the city glimmered. The yellowstone, faded in what India could see of Tomahawk, here was bright and near golden, in some places orange and honey-coloured under the late sun. In quite the opposite of Tortugal, no wood could be seen; everything was square blocks, triangle arches, towers, pyramids, embossed walls, paved streets, and steps, steps everywhere. It was a city devoid of curves. The houses were built like small mountains. Statues of gods and monsters shone ugly and divine. The dominating Aztec architecture formed a uniquely resplendent amalgam with that of the Doradian colonial style as most commonly seen in Cortez, Dorado’s Caribbean seat of power. Yet there seemed to be other influences too that India could not name – influences that had no doubt travelled over vast seas in aeons past to lay their stones, carve their diasporic carvings.
India dropped his spyglass, letting out a long, slow breath. ‘This is where my father is,’ he said.
It was at that moment that the call came down from the crow’s nest.

*

India and Eli watched helpless as the Carolina gained on the Talisman. There was no way they could outrun her. The wind was with the Carolina; her huge sails billowed out like white bubbles and she seemed built for speed, faster than any frigate India had ever seen.
Grimmer stood with India and Eli, his expression unreadable. ‘It’ll be okay,’ he said, unconvincingly.
Bilge Joe clapped his hands on the gunwale and cursed. ‘We won’t make it. And even if we did get to port, what then? Indiana won’t stop the Carolina from takin’ us, by ship or by crew. We’re pirates, and ain’t one of us is Doradian or Indian.’
‘What then?’ India said, his mouth dry. The Carolina loomed closer. He could already see its guns. Its many, many guns.
‘We’re g-going t-to h-have to turn and f-f-fight,’ Mikkel the gunner said from behind them.
‘Fight,’ Scarab said.
‘We will,’ Shang Yei whispered.
‘Aye,’ Bilge Joe said. ‘That’s what we’ll do.’
‘We’ll die!’ India cried. ‘We can’t take that on.’
‘Death is but temporary,’ Shang Yei murmured. 
‘Oh no, oh dear, oh no,’ Old Neg said, wringing his hands.
Bilge Joe shrugged. ‘Death sure is pretty final to me. But we ain’t got a choice.’
‘Somebody should get the captain,’ Grimmer said.
Bilge Joe sighed. ‘I know. Alright. I’ll do it.’ 
He walked over to the captain’s cabin. Everybody watched him as he knocked on the door.
‘Cap’n,’ he started to say, and coughed. ‘We got a bit of an issue.’
There was silence.
‘Cap’n,’ he said again. ‘We’re all about to die. And we’d like it if you, er—’
‘Displayed some leadership,’ Grimmer said. 
‘Made your presence known,’ Joe finished.
There was silence for a few more seconds. Just as Bilge Joe turned around and shrugged, though, the door opened and Barthimal Roberts stepped out.
Roberts ignored the rest of the crew and wordlessly looked out at the Carolina.
‘C-c-captain?’ Mikkel said.
‘Okay,’ Roberts said. His voice sounded unnatural; then again, he probably hardly ever used it. ‘Conflict unavoidable. Their gun ports are open, they angle for us at full speed. They mean our end. Turn us to port. Every spare sailor on the guns. If we die we die.’ He walked up to the helm and took the wheel from the helmsman. He began to turn it, then stopped when he noticed them all staring at him. ‘Go,’ he said. ‘Sails, ropes, guns. Do what I said.’
There was a charge of movement and shouts thickened the air as every crewmember obeyed.

*

‘They’re still comin’ for us Cap’n!’ Bilge Joe shouted to Roberts. ‘We’re well within their range and they’re still comin’! They’re comin’ into range of our guns!’
‘They’re playing us,’ one of the crewmembers said.
‘They’re teasing us,’ Shang Yei said.
‘No,’ Roberts said. Everyone had to strain to hear him. ‘Give the order not to fire, not yet. They are going to pull up alongside.’
‘Cap’n?’ Bilge Joe enquired, scratching his head. ‘Our only chance is to fire at their bow. Once they’re alongside, we’re mincemeat.’
‘That is not a chance. One salvo from us is a salvo they can take. They fire their front cannons. Then they turn, maybe faster than we can reload. No, let them come. They wish to speak.’
Bilge Joe shook his head, but knew better than to challenge the order. ‘Alright!’ he yelled. ‘You!’ He stabbed his finger at a woman tying a rope. ‘Tell Mikkel and the rest o’ the gunners to hold off till they hear the Cap’n’s – till they hear my order! We’re gonna hear these sons o’ bilgemothers out!’ He spat over the gunwale. ‘Apparently,’ he muttered.
‘What can we do to help?’ India asked.
Bilge Joe stared for a second. ‘Nothin’,’ he said, and stomped off.
Eli tugged India’s sleeve. ‘He’ll want to take us personally,’ he said. He looked afraid, but there was an undercurrent of anger tightening his jaw. ‘That’ll be worse. I can’t go back to him.’
‘You won’t Eli.’
‘You’ll – you’ll kill me before he takes me?’
India was stunned. ‘I won’t kill you.’
Desperate, Eli said, ‘You don’t know. You don’t know.’
India frowned at him. The bulk of the Carolina turned, moving sharper than any ship of that firepower had any right to, and a dread chill ran through India. He gripped Eli’s shoulder as the frigate slowed to a halt.
The ships were side by side. The black mouths of cannons seemed to go on forever, ready and eager to spit death.
‘Hail!’ came a familiar cry from across the water. India looked up from the array of open gun ports to Carolina’s main deck. Lancer stood in full navy uniform, holding a bronze megaphone. His lock of blond hair trailed out in the light breeze. He was grinning.
Roberts nodded to Bilge Joe. Joe cupped his hands around his mouth. ‘Hail!’
‘My name is Captain Main of the Carolina and Governor of Kingston. I believe your ship holds two boys by the names of Eli Manson and India Mancer, also going by India Bones,’ Lancer called out. ‘In possible company with a young man named Devil Flynn. Ah, I can see the two boys there now!’ Lancer waved at them.
India would have rather seen Lancer in apoplectic rage than suffer that grinning wave. Judging by the grip suddenly laid on his arm, Eli was feeling the same way.
‘He’s gone mad,’ Eli whispered.
‘This is him?’ Grimmer said. It was the first thing he’d said in a long while. Something seemed to be pulling at him, something other than their imminent destruction.
‘Yes,’ India said.
‘What a bastard.’
‘What do you want?’ Bilge Joe shouted to the Carolina. ‘We are a peaceful ship on a—’
‘Those children are wanted by Kingston and so by the Crown of York.’
‘I doubt that,’ India muttered.
‘Their crimes?’ Bilge Joe called back.
‘None of your concern.’
‘Ask him,’ Roberts said to Bilge Joe, now standing straight beside him with his arms behind his back. He looked unfazed by the situation, his eyes unfocused and slowly blinking. India wondered just how much of Barthimal Roberts was concerned with reality, the here and now. ‘Ask him about us.’
Bilge Joe coughed. ‘What happens to us if we give ’em up?’ he said to Lancer.
‘You’ll all get a quick hanging,’ Lancer replied.
There was stunned silence on the Talisman. Even India expected Lancer to offer something reasonable – mercy, if not pardons or rewards. Only Eli, shaking his head sadly, seemed unsurprised.
‘Very encouragin’!’ Bilge Joe shouted. ‘Did anyone tell you you had great negotiatin’ skills?’
‘I don’t negotiate,’ Lancer said, his smile gone. ‘You have three minutes to decide before we open fire.’
Bilge Joe glanced at Roberts and shrugged. ‘I guess this is it Cap’n,’ he said.
Roberts tapped his fingers lightly on the gunwale. He hummed for a few moments to himself. Then he said, ‘This is it.’
Bilge Joe ran a greasy hand over his face and sighed. ‘Can I give the order now? Can we at least fire first?’
Roberts began to hum again.
‘Cap’n?’
Those few not manning the guns above and below deck – Grimmer, India and Eli, Shang Yei, Old Neg, Bilge Joe – were all standing around Roberts, waiting hopelessly. Old Neg was shifting from foot to foot and pawing at himself ceaselessly.
‘The sea is black,’ Roberts said. ‘The sea does not like Captain Main and it does not like the Carolina.’
‘That’s our shadow,’ India said.
‘The sea is black,’ Roberts repeated. ‘Davy Jones does not want them here.’
‘Look,’ Grimmer croaked suddenly. ‘India, do you see it?’
‘See what?’
‘The ship . . .’
‘Um. Of course I see the ship . . . have you gone mad?’
‘Not the Carolina, the Ship. I don’t . . . don’t believe it . . . I felt it coming in my bones but I didn’t understand it. Look, there! Look behind!’
India squinted. ‘I don’t see any—Oh my god!’
Where there had seemed to be nothing before, there it was. The Ship of the Dead. It was slowly pulling up to the other side of the Carolina and, from what India could make out, it had every gun port open.
‘How . . . how . . .’ India said. Beside him Eli let out a cry as he spotted it too.
‘What’s going on?’ Bilge Joe grunted, turning from Roberts, who was humming again, an unsettling, ghostly melody.
Grimmer pointed. ‘It’s Blackbone. By Davy Jones, he’s taken the helm!’
India gaped. Behind the masts of the Carolina he could see the wheel of the Ship of the Dead. Blackbone was standing there with one hand on it. His other hand was held straight in the air. He’s about to drop his hand, and that’s when all hell is gonna break loose.
‘I don’t understand,’ Eli said. 
There were gasps from the rest of the crew as they finally perceived what had been hidden from their minds until it was too obvious to block out. Old Neg let out a shriek and Bilge Joe staggered backwards. Only Roberts seemed unaffected, though a small smile played on his face.
‘What the hell is that and how the shank did it get here?’ Bilge Joe yelled. 
‘It’s the Ship of the Dead,’ Shang Yei said, before India or Grimmer could answer.
‘The Ship o’ the . . . Let me rephrase,’ Bilge Joe said, rubbing his eyes, as though it were a vision that could evaporate at any moment. ‘Is this a hallucination and if not, whose side is the damn thing on?’
‘It’s alongside the Carolina, mate,’ Grimmer said. ‘I think it’s clear whose side it isn’t on.’
Bilge Joe was speechless for a few moments, then he drew a big breath. ‘Cap’n,’ he said.
‘Where the shank did that come from?’ Lancer’s scream cut through the air. ‘Where the shank – it’s got skeletons! It’s got . . . guns . . . Half all gunners to the portside cannons! No, EVERYONE TO PORTSIDE! Take them . . . take them out first . . .’ Lancer finished breathlessly. He fell against the gunwale.
‘Fire,’ Roberts said.
Bilge Joe clapped his hands and beamed. He threw back his head with his hands cupped to his mouth. ‘FIRE!’
Blackbone dropped his hand at the same time, and that was when the madness began. 

*

The sky was turning. 
Clouds were rolling, rolling . . . now under his feet. There was a deathly silence in his ears, with just the slightest whine, like a fly buzzing in the distance. There was smoke, but India couldn’t smell it. There were people: upside down people, sideways people, their mouths gaping open. There was wood flying through the air. Everywhere pieces of ship floated on the wind, graceful and in total silence.
The whine grew louder. The fly was irritating him. He just wanted to lie here, looking up at the blue sky – where had the clouds gone? Perhaps the silence had scared them away. The thunderous silence.
India rolled to the side as the world shook again. He felt pain now, pain in his head, in his ears. The sky had turned again and now his lips touched wood. He could taste something bitter. Spit ran from his mouth.
He got to his feet as the world bucked under him. He saw a skeleton, and a boy in dark clothes yelling at him. He saw a woman blown backwards through the air, and the whine became a roar.
Sound rushed back and suddenly there was nothing but noise. India’s thoughts were blocked by it and all he could do was stagger and then fall to his knees by the gunwale. He couldn’t separate the sounds. Shouts, screams, cannon fire, destruction – it was all as one, as though gathered together and speaking to him in one voice.
‘India!’
He turned and turned again. What’s happening? A ship . . . three ships . . . they’d fired first, then the . . .
‘India!’
. . . the Carolina. He touched his throbbing temple and was relieved to see only a little blood. He lifted his eyes to Eli Manson and connected his name to the boy’s words.
‘I’m here,’ India said, and he crawled over to Eli and Grimmer, taking cover behind the gunwale. The distance felt longer than the journey from Eyeless to Mohawk. That place doesn’t exist anymore. It only exists in my mind. I’ll never see that place again, not how it was. The truth has changed. Things are not what they were.
‘Are you okay?’ Eli shouted, grabbing India by the shoulder.
‘Couldn’t be better,’ India said. He willed himself to stop trembling. ‘I’m quite hungry though.’ He ducked as something went whizzing over their heads. ‘Are we losing?’
He wasn’t sure if he’d been heard, but Grimmer poked his head up over the gunwale and shot back down a moment later. ‘It’ll be over in a minute,’ Grimmer said.
True enough, the cacophony began to die down. At least one set of cannons had stopped firing – not the Talisman’s, India realised, as another salvo pounded from beneath their feet, smaller than the last. Fewer gunners.
Eventually all the guns stopped. What remained was as close to genuine silence as India could remember. There were scattered shouts and cries, but whether they were pained, dying, exhausted or triumphant, or all of them together, he couldn’t tell. India saw as though in slow motion one of the ship’s masts fall to the deck with a huge thud – the battle’s final punctuation mark. India looked away. Somebody had been in its path when it fell.
As India’s ears started to pick apart the sounds, he realised most of the cries were coming from the Talisman. What about the others? He stood up against the gunwale, cautiously at first and then tall and wide-eyed as he beheld the carnage.
The Carolina was destroyed.
The Carolina was sinking.
It barely looked like a ship. Every mast was broken to matchsticks, the hull pulverised and taking on water fast as the ship tilted further, the sea pulling the stern down. Driftwood floated on the waves, some pieces with bodies draped over them. The only thing reasonably intact was the prow; the single spike that was the bowsprit pointed higher and higher into the sky. There were bodies on the ship, but those few moving seemed sluggish and confused. Of Lancer there was no sign.
India noticed a spot of tattered colour on the deck. As the ocean embraced the Carolina with increasing speed and awful finality, the rag slipped down, catching on a piece of mast before flying out again into the waves. It was the Yorkish flag.
Behind the Carolina, the Ship of the Dead was still afloat. It had been heavily damaged, but not like the Carolina. On the deck, skeletons were cheering and waving at him. India put a hand to his mouth and bit his forefinger. The relief that washed through him was immense. He had no idea he could have cared so much about the fate of those already dead. He waved back, then doubled over in a coughing fit.
Grimmer slapped him on the back, which hurt even more. ‘Got those old cannons working then you scurves!’ Grimmer yelled across the water.
‘Pretty good, huh?’ A skeleton shouted back. It sounded like Dessica. ‘Hey, your ship looks like it might have a couple of holes in it!’
‘I could say the same about yours! Have we lost anyone?’
‘Aye, but it’s alright – they were already dead!’
Grimmer grinned. The smile didn’t last long, though; he lowered his head, muttering something. India thought it sounded like “back to the waves, a debt repaid.”
‘I see you three are still alive.’ Bilge Joe came up beside them. He looked filthy, even more than normal. The many layers of his right sleeve had been torn away, leaving a gashed arm that looked comically small away from all his heavy clothes. He glanced at it, following India’s gaze. ‘I’ll be alright,’ he said. ‘Don’t even understand how it happened.’
‘Has anyone died?’ Eli said.
‘Aye,’ Bilge Joe answered, his smile fading a little. ‘And I sure expected me to be one of ’em.’
‘Where’s the captain?’ India asked, looking around. He wiped his face with the back of his hand. It came away black.
‘Back in the cabin.’
‘You’re kidding?’
Bilge Joe shook his head. India turned to the other survivors, who had picked themselves up and gathered on the main deck. Some of them moved with difficulty. Old Neg was there, quivering and shaking his head repeatedly, his back to everyone. Mikkel followed the last of the gunners climbing up from below, his clothes blackened and his face ashen.
‘I got good news and bad news,’ Bilge Joe announced. ‘Good news – us and . . . the other ship . . . won.’
There was a muted cheer.
‘I say that because the Carolina sank first.’
India glanced over the side and saw the bowsprit of the Carolina, thrust almost vertical and slipping fast. Of the rest of the ship, there was no sign but a dark mass under the waves. That’s it then, he thought. He’s dead.
‘That’s right,’ Bilge Joe said. ‘They had enough gunners firin’ on the starboard side to hit us hard. They had a calenture firin’ on us, too, short range. Most o’ you know the situation. We’re takin’ on water too fast to bail. And by the look of our ally, they’re just the same.’
‘What?’ India said, confused. They’d won, hadn’t they?
‘Both ships are sinkin’. We got one workin’ rowboat, which as luck would have it will just about do now that some of us are dead and gone. So . . . we better get to it.’
India felt the ground tilt slightly under his feet. So they were sinking. Over the bridge of water between them, the same was happening to the Ship of the Dead at a faster rate: already the bow of their ship was going down.
‘What’s the matter with you all?’ Bilge Joe said. ‘Be thankful we ain’t far from land! Aye it’s the end o’ the Talisman, but it ain’t the end o’ your lives!’
‘It’s b-b-been the end of s-some of us,’ Mikkel said. His voice was hoarse.
‘You wanna join that number? Go on, get to it! Lower the starboard boat! Scarab, you get ’em going! Where is he?’
‘Scarab is dead,’ Shang Yei said. Her face and hair seemed remarkably untouched, but the same could not be said of her silky white clothes, which were an ugly shadow of their former selves.
‘Well, I’ll get you scurves going then!’ Bilge Joe said, hardly missing a beat. ‘Aye, rest in pieces and all that, now come on, let’s save our own shankin’ skin first! We can all mourn and dress in black later – I see Eli’s already started!’
Grimmer caught Joe’s arm as he moved to starboard at the rear of the crew. ‘And the captain?’ he said.
‘I told you, he’s in the cabin. He’s made his bed, he wants to lie in it.’ He shook Grimmer off. ‘It’s his ship,’ he said, quieter. ‘His Talisman. He wouldn’t know nothin’ else. You argue with him if you want – you won’t hear nothin’ back.’ He strode off.
‘He’s right,’ India said. ‘He’s not going to leave.’
‘Aye mate, I know,’ Grimmer said.
India leaned on the part of the ship’s gunwale that remained unbroken and watched as the Ship of the Dead sank. The Talisman’s deck tilted slowly beneath them, creaking and groaning in protest.
‘I knew if anyone could in the end, it’d be Blackbone,’ Grimmer said. ‘Still, shank me sideways.’
The Ship of the Dead’s stern continued to rise. Skeletons were holding on to rope and rail, but their expressions were calm, their movements without panic. Blackbone was immobile, his feet planted on the rising deck like they were stuck fast with glue. His hands held tight to the wheel.
The Ship seemed to . . . shudder was the only way India could put it, as though a living thing shivered in a sudden cold. A blue sheen passed over the grey wood, like the shimmer of a fish. And then it was gone and the Ship was just a ship, just an old, rotting ship of grey and white, and India knew whatever spirit or presence had been held within it, whatever had sailed it from place to place on an immutable and perennial schedule, a schedule respected by the waves and the wind – that spirit had either been exorcised or had simply left. India didn’t think it was the kind of thing that could just die, but maybe he was wrong.
‘It’s gone,’ Eli said, and though wood remained above water, they all knew exactly what he meant.
‘I didn’t go with them,’ Grimmer said, and as India looked at his friend he saw an unfamiliar expression, something ancient and ineffable, that made him feel like his heart was tearing.
The last thing they saw was Blackbone, standing stiff and tall, eyes locked on them, hands still gripping the wheel as the ship sank below the surface and was lost.
They turned as one and walked towards the starboard of the ship, where the rowboat had been lowered into the water. Bilge Joe was shouting at them but none of them marked his words.

The Eye of Quetzalcoatl


The survivors lay on the Indiana beach, weary and grim. It’d been further to land than they thought and they all had to pitch in rowing; the overloaded boat had just barely floated in the water.
Ten of them remained. Grimmer, India and Eli, Bilge Joe and Old Neg, Mikkel, Shang Yei, two Afrikans who clung to each other, heads down, and a heavily tattooed Barbaryan woman who had never given her name. Nobody seemed to know what to do. India gave the stricken Old Neg a brief one-armed hug in an attempt to comfort him and then sat down with Grimmer and Eli, who were staring out at the sea. There were pieces of floating driftwood in the distance and there were bodies. Wood and corpses, the only traces that here a fatal battle had been fought. The vestiges were beginning to wash to shore.
‘Everything’s changed,’ Grimmer said. ‘I should’ve . . . I don’t know what I should’ve done. It’s just me now.’
‘There are other skeletons,’ India said, trying his hardest not to think about the ones they’d lost. Hairless. Dessica. Spares. All of them. ‘If you wanna go back to Tortugal and spend the rest of your life – the rest of your death – in the Dead Sea Inn, then I won’t stop you, if you can find someone willing to sail you back. But we’d much rather have you with us. Right Eli?’
‘You’re our friend, Grimmer,’ Eli said. ‘And we need you.’
Grimmer didn’t look at them. ‘Folks out there won’t want an old bag of bones like me.’
‘They will,’ India said. ‘They will.’
‘And we definitely do,’ Eli said. Grimmer said nothing, but he nodded slightly.
‘Grimmer, how did the Ship of the Dead know where to find us?’ India asked. ‘And why did it come?’
‘I’ve been thinking about that,’ Grimmer replied.
‘The spirit of the Ship . . .’ India pondered. ‘Or Davy Jones . . . It knew because the sea knew. Or is it one and the same?’
‘I’m not sure it was the Ship or Davy Jones. I think it was Blackbone. I think he took control, he managed to lay his hands on the wheel and he finally took control. Maybe the only one who ever could. And he’d been tailing the Carolina, likely for some time.’
‘But why?’ 
‘I . . . I don’t know,’ Grimmer said. ‘Never did understand Blackbone. He’s the oldest of all of us, been here from the beginning – if there ever was a beginning. Maybe he knew things we didn’t. In fact, I’m sure of it. Darker, stranger things than I ever seen or heard. It may be he knew what had to be done, for one reason or another.’
‘Kill Lancer or save us?’
‘I don’t know mate. Maybe both. There a lot of mysteries in this world,’ Grimmer said. ‘And Blackbone, well, we’ll never know.’
‘It could be as simple as he liked us,’ Eli said.
‘Could be,’ Grimmer said. ‘I’d say that’s a load of bilge but . . . could be.’
Eli closed his eyes as the softly roaring surf broke against the shore and fell back. ‘Thanks Blackbone,’ he said.
‘Aye, thanks mate,’ Grimmer said. ‘You scurvy son of a bilgemother.’
There was silence for a while before Grimmer spoke again. ‘How’s it feel? With Lancer . . .’
India said nothing. Eli answered for both of them. ‘It doesn’t feel like he’s gone at all,’ he said.
Grimmer nodded. ‘Aye.’
‘What do we do now?’
Grimmer tapped his chin. ‘One thing at a time, as always. Everyone but me will need food and drink quick sharp before you all collapse. And I could do with some as well.’
‘I feel like all I can taste is the sea,’ Eli said.
‘I feel like all I can taste is gunpowder,’ India said.
‘Then rest,’ Grimmer told them. ‘All of us need rest.’
‘And then?’ Eli asked.
‘I’m going to find my father,’ India said.
Grimmer sighed, shaking his head sadly. ‘It’s just a story.’
India stiffened. ‘It’s not. He’s here, I know it. And he’ll have a ship,’ he added, raising his voice. ‘Or if he’s retired he can help us get one. A ship enough for everyone.’
The others heard him and some of them muttered to each other. 
‘A ship?’ Bilge Joe enquired. ‘Who’s your father then?’
‘The High Captain Wolfgang Bones,’ India replied. He ignored another slow shake of Grimmer’s skull.
Bilge Joe grinned. ‘Huh. Is that so.’
‘I believe the boy will find his father,’ Shang Yei said, her eyes closed. ‘All things come to pass in this land. Under the eye of Quetzalcoatl it will come to pass.’
‘India will,’ Old Neg contributed. ‘Somebody Bones, yes.’
Bilge Joe leaned forward as though to spit, but his mouth was too dry and nothing came out. ‘You do what you need to do, you three,’ he said. ‘We’ll be in the City of Gold, makin’ do with what little coin we got on us. Or what arrangements we can strike up.’
‘How will we find you?’ Eli asked.
Bilge Joe cocked an eyebrow, seeming amused. ‘You’ll want to find us? Huh.’ He coughed. ‘Just look for the scurves who look like they’ve been blown up. I guarantee in this shiny place we’ll stick out like black spots on linen. You won’t miss our trail o’ dirt.’
‘First things first,’ Grimmer said.
‘Aye,’ Bilge Joe said. ‘I could murder a pot o’ beans right now.’
‘W-w-water,’ Mikkel said. His voice hadn’t improved; he’d been in the thick of the smoke with the gunnery crew.
‘That’s a funny way of pronouncin’ rum,’ Bilge Joe said. He stood up. ‘Every man and woman for themselves, if that’s how you want it. And ohdwaas, yes Ol’ Neg. But I’m off. If you follow you follow.’ He walked up the beach, where fringes of the city gleamed through the trees. One by one the others picked themselves up and followed, leaving Grimmer, India and Eli.
‘Us too,’ Grimmer said, getting to his feet with an audible creaking of bones. ‘Come on boys.’
‘Can we—’ Eli began.
‘Not go with the others?’ India finished. ‘Not right now.’
‘I wasn’t gonna do any such thing,’ Grimmer said. ‘You got any coin on you?’ He stuffed his hands in his coat pockets. ‘I might have a few loose things rattling around in here.’
‘Flynn gave us money,’ Eli said.
‘Good. Let’s go and get us some vittles and get that rasp out of our voices. Well, maybe not mine, I think that’s here to stay. And get us some beds, while we’re at it.’
‘Will they be okay with a skeleton around? The Indians, I mean.’
‘No one’s okay with a skeleton, mate. Not even you I reckon, say what you will. But this here’s Quetzalcoatl. That’s its old name. The history here . . . it’s too much for your brains, you’d shudder to know it. The people who have lived here, generation after generation since the first seeds, they’re a part of this land. They know things, things written in their blood. The dead have come here before and they’ll come here again. They’ve come from here, way back in the ancient times.’
‘You’ve been here before?’
‘Mate, I’ve been just about everywhere.’ 

*

India, Eli and Grimmer walked the streets of India, absorbed in the sights. The smoothness of the streets, the yellowstone turning ruddy gold in the lowering sun. Idols and effigies loomed large and grotesque over them, standing on every corner and in the centre of every plaza. The history of this place, the dead Aztec Empire, was carved and sculpted into the walls and pillars. They were ancient and worn, eroded with time, but on some of them (perhaps ones whose engravings had been restored) India made out scenes of death and gods, battles and temple building, bloody sacrifice. 
People stared at Grimmer, but not in the same way they did in other places in the Caribbean. Here they seemed respectful and even a little sad, as though Grimmer reminded them of things they did not wish to be reminded of, some past, inescapable tragedy . . . or the inevitability of death. Many of them lowered their heads and briefly touched their foreheads. Grimmer responded by touching his forehead in return, but when India started doing the same, Grimmer stopped him. ‘It ain’t for you,’ he said.
Grimmer led them to an eating and resting place; India and Eli were bewildered by the signs, the alphabet entirely foreign to them. There were a few things written in Doradian, but the handwriting was hard to read – jagged, twisting – and the descriptions so peculiar that they weren’t of much help. The inn, if that’s what it was (even the shape of buildings here seemed to bear little resemblance to purpose), was called a “night hole”.
The night hole was a long, low building set into the earth, with a dark stone interior and a musty smell like dry sand and hot meat; India thought of those carvings of human sacrifice and thought he could smell the ground bone and blood that had soaked into this place in aeons past. They drank something that tasted like bitter honey and ate corn and beans and fish by light of a low flame, trying to ignore the penetrating stares of the other patrons, who sat in their own small blooms of light, separated from each other by pitch darkness.
By the end of the meal India couldn’t stop yawning, and it quickly spread to Eli. Grimmer bought them rooms (taking some of the money Flynn had given India and Eli to do so) and they descended steps to a lower level of the building, where they all had to stoop so as not to hit their heads on the ceiling. There were straw mattresses and blankets directly on the stone, laid along tunnels separated by pillars, in what seemed like a kind of catacomb. Some of the sleeping spots were already taken and they navigated around these figures that lay silent and flat on their backs like the newly dead.
They found free straw and blankets in an alcove under a low-burning torch. India tried not to look at Grimmer; there was something freshly terrible about him as the torchlight stole over his skull and his limbs clacked together in this otherwise mute underworld. The floor was hard beneath them; they’d gotten too used to hammocks on the ship. But aided by the honeyed drinks, their exhaustion overcame them. 
Grimmer was still awake, staring into the torchlight, as India closed his eyes for the last time.

*

The next day, bright, hot light reflected from the yellowstone as if it were a mirror. People wavered in the sleepy heat; India and Eli were forced to carry their coats (Grimmer considered this necessity with a curious expression of jealousy). Nobody seemed to hurry here, and in fact the city as a whole was quiet; either the population was a lot smaller than the place could hold, or people preferred to stay inside. India was reminded of an old proverb: Only mad dogs and Yorkishmen go out in the midday sun. Afternoon was hours away, but then perhaps people kept different times here.
After an unhurried breakfast India, Eli and Grimmer began to ask around, searching for somebody whose eyes lit with recognition at the name Wolfgang Bones. While many spoke Yorkish, most Indians preferred to talk to Grimmer, who could address them in their own tongue. One by one, they shook their heads. India began to wonder if his father lived in Tomahawk, or elsewhere on the island. But there’d been a pull to this place. He was sure of it.
By midafternoon their quest had taken them to a poorer district of the city. Under the sun’s sharp glare, the age of this place made itself known anew. In many areas the walls and buildings were completely weathered and cracked. Pavestones had broken to reveal dark soil underneath, and instead of plazas there were untamed areas of dirt and wild grass where people walked barefoot. Everywhere things were crumbling, beaten down by the hands of time.
The native people wore little throughout the city, but in the poorer districts, the clothing was plain and simple and unadorned by jewellery. Some who crouched in doorways and gazed up at India with searching dark eyes wore little more than rags or loincloths. India wanted to move on, to go back to people of knowledge and greater standing, who were surely more likely to know the whereabouts of the High Captain. But Grimmer had other ideas. Near a fallen arch he bent over an almost naked old woman with ragged hair. As she looked up with milky eyes and reached out her hands, India realised she was blind.
‘Let’s go Grimmer,’ India muttered.
Grimmer placed a coin in the woman’s hands and she fingered the edges, smiling. ‘You are from the west,’ she said in thickly accented Yorkish.
‘We are looking for someone,’ Grimmer said. ‘A man by the name of Indiana Wolfgang Bones.’ 
‘The High Captain,’ India added.
The woman said, ‘I do not know a Bones.’
They were about to leave when she added, much to India’s surprise, ‘Wolfgang, I know. Many of us do.’
India rushed forward and took her hand. ‘You know my father?’
‘I know Wolfgang,’ she affirmed.
‘How many Wolfgangs are there here?’
‘Just one, that we know.’
‘Who is we? You say many of you know him? But nobody else has said they do.’
‘He is known to us . . .’ She cast an arm at the crumbling city around her. ‘You have been talking to the wrong people.’
Grinning, India looked over his shoulder at Grimmer and Eli. ‘He must have worked with the poor,’ he said. ‘Helped them. I knew he was a good man.’
‘Helped us, yes,’ the woman said. 
‘Where is he?’
The woman shrugged. India felt a twinge of irritation. 
‘Where can I find him?’ he said.
‘You cannot find.’ The woman squeezed his hand. ‘I will find. Come to me later.’
‘Why can’t you take us to him?’
‘Come to me . . . later. You will meet.’
Grimmer put his hand on India’s shoulder. ‘That’s more than we expected mate,’ he said. ‘We’ll come back.’
‘When sun is down,’ the woman said, smiling and nodding. 
India stood. ‘You ain’t lying?’
Grimmer pulled him away. ‘Don’t ask a native Indian if they’re lying,’ he said. ‘Come on, we’ll get food and rest up.’ He turned back to the woman. ‘You’ll still be here at night?’
The woman nodded and smiled once more.

*

They returned when the gold of the city had faded to orange, then red, then a deathly grey in the moonlight. More people were out now, though fewer still than India expected from the city’s size. They faded in and out of dark corners, unhurried, private. Somewhere India heard the slow, soft beating of a drum. Low mutters seemed to follow them, but whenever they turned around there was nobody there. It was as though the city’s broken idols whispered to them, watched them with bulging, staring eyes and feathers and claws.
There were almost no lights in the poor district and at first they couldn’t find the blind woman. She made them jump when they about-faced to discover her standing no more than a foot away from them, still near naked, a hunched black form with dead eyes.
‘Where’s my father?’ India said. ‘If this is a trick . . .’
The woman put a finger to her lips. ‘Quetzalcoatl,’ she said.
‘What do you mean, Quetzalcoatl? Didn’t you say that’s what this place used to be called, Grimmer?’
The finger moved from her lips to point to the sky. No, not the sky . . .
‘The great temple,’ she said. ‘You meet him at top of Quetzalcoatl. I have arranged it.’ She breathed low and rattling. ‘Yes, once whole city was Quetzalcoatl. Before they came from the Continent. With their guns.’
‘I see you still keep a lot of the old ways here,’ Grimmer said.
The woman touched her forehead. ‘As do you, Son of Tlaloc, he who is made of earth and sea.’ 
Grimmer touched his head and bowed in return.
‘Thank you,’ India said. Once they’d left the woman behind, heading to the edge of the city, he muttered, ‘I don’t see why she couldn’t have brought him here. I don’t trust her.’ 
‘I do,’ Grimmer said. Eli said nothing.
India felt uncomfortable, as though someone were throwing small stones around inside his body. He was excited and scared and getting tenser by the minute. My father . . . the father I’ve never met . . . The great High Captain . . . What will he think of me? Will he be proud? Or ashamed? He flicked from feeling the meeting could not come soon enough to dreading it. Part of him was worried that the woman was lying – that they’d get to the top of Quetzalcoatl and be set upon by thieves – but part of him was terrified that she wasn’t lying.
The three of them reached the ends of the city and came upon a path that twisted serpentine through the rainforest towards the temple. It was lit on both sides by torches at intervals and it must have been well tended, because the ground was tamed and the wilds were kept strictly at bay – and yet there was no one to be seen.
They lost sight of the City of Gold after the path’s first turn. India’s neck prickled; it felt like the jungle was closing in behind them. Looking back only encouraged that thought. He was tempted to run back the way they’d come, just to make sure they still could, but he pushed on. Don’t get silly, he told himself. There was nothing to worry about. The jungle wasn’t closing in – it was unnaturally still, as though it respected this trail as something sacred and untouchable. Perhaps nobody cuts the wilds away. Perhaps the jungle keeps itself back.
Through gaps in the canopy they glimpsed a huge bulk of yellowstone that could only be a portion of Quetzalcoatl. And when the path finally opened into the clearing, they could only stand in awe, their heads tilting back as far as they could go.
‘Oh my god,’ Eli croaked.
India exhaled heavily, speechless. What had been massive and astonishing from the deck of the Talisman was now behemothic, a wonder of the world that seemed to take up the entire sky. Ignoring the pain in their necks, India and Eli followed Grimmer as he moved around the base. The blocks of the pyramid were unclimbable, but hundreds of steep steps – maybe thousands – were cut into the middle of each side, leading all the way to the top.
‘You don’t want us to come with you, do you,’ Eli said when they stopped walking. It wasn’t a question.
India smiled at him, a smile he didn’t feel inside. He was shivering. Eli reached in suddenly and hugged him, and India hugged back, his eyes screwed shut.
‘You’ll be okay,’ Eli said.
‘Yeah,’ India replied. He drew back; Grimmer rested a skeleton hand on his shoulder.
‘Good luck mate,’ Grimmer said. His face was unsmiling but far from unkind. He seemed resigned and almost pitying – but there was strength there as well, and India drew from it.
‘What do I say?’ India asked. He no longer felt the need to add, “If he’s there”. He knew his father would be there. He could feel it in the very core of himself. He knew as sure as the sun rose in the east and set in the west.
‘Say “hello mate”,’ Grimmer said.
India smiled again, turned, and began to climb.

The Caves Behind the Waterfall


When India finally reached the open-topped sacrificial temple at the peak of the pyramid, legs aching and panting with exertion, his mind wasn’t on enjoying the view. His limbs groaned and his head was swimming, but he didn’t sit down. He took a few long, shuddering breaths and entered the temple.
A heartbeat, long and loud, stretched out to a lifetime – fourteen years of land and sea, of sticks and bruises and swords and cannon fire – and then—
‘You’re not my father,’ India said, stopping short at the sight of an old, haggard man with a bent back and tired eyes. He sat in one corner of the chamber on a small wooden stool that looked out of place at the top of the Aztec temple, the god house. India wrinkled his nose, for the stink of alcohol radiated off the man and his ragged clothes.
The man stared at him, saying nothing for a long time. But just when India was about to speak again, he said in a dry voice, ‘No. I’m not.’
‘I was told my father would be here.’
‘He isn’t.’
‘For shank’s sake!’ India shouted, banging the wall with his fist, not caring that it hurt his hand. ‘I really thought I had it this time,’ he said, pain in his voice. ‘And it was just a dead end. After everything.’
‘You’re looking for the High Captain Wolfgang?’ the old man said, quietly.
‘Yes! You know him?’
‘I do.’
‘Where is he? Tell me!’
‘He doesn’t exist.’
India was dumbstruck, but only for a second. ‘What are you talking about? Of course he exists! He’s my father!’
‘He’s made up. Fictional. The book, all his exploits – it’s a story book. A fantasy.’
‘You’re talking bilge,’ India snapped.
‘I shouldn’t have said anything,’ the man said. ‘I just thought – I mean, you couldn’t look for him forever could you? It’d destroy you. I knew you were looking for him, and then I saw you for my own eyes in . . . in India. Over and over again. I saw the face of a boy who wouldn’t stop. So I passed it along – come to the top of the Golden Mountain, the top of Quetzalcoatl, to meet your father.’
‘But he’s not here.’
‘He’s not anywhere.’
‘Why are you saying this?’ India said, tears springing to his eyes. He didn’t want them to, but it was all too much.
‘Think about it, India. You know it’s true.’
‘Other people have heard of Wolfgang Bones!’
‘They told you it was just a story too, didn’t they?’
India was silent.
‘There were a number of copies made of the book. Not for a long while, though. Mostly it was just spoken word, campfire tales, you know how myths build. They often lose all sight of their origin. I hadn’t heard the full name mentioned in a long time, before you came along. I don’t suppose most remember at all.’
‘You’re telling me Mrs Wayles lied to me. And Mr Bassard.’
‘I don’t know a Mr Bassard. But don’t think too badly of Mrs Wayles. She did the best she could. She knew telling you the High Captain was your father would be more inspiring to you than the truth ever could be. She wanted to give you a future. A dream.’
‘Just a dream!’ India shouted. ‘The truth is always better than a dream!’
‘Is it? There’s a great many dreams out there, and they hold more value than all the treasure in the world.’
‘Treasure, treasure, treasure!’ India cried. ‘That’s all anyone talks about! It’s all I talk about, beyond my father! And where is it then? Nowhere, anywhere! So I’m just another poor stupid kid with nothing to his name, not even a famous father. No money, no ship, no family and no shanking home. What’s been the point? What’s been the shanking point in anything?’ 
The man leaned further forward on his stool and tapped his feet slowly on the floor. Left, right, left. Tap. Tap. Tap.
India sank down and put his head in his arms. For a while the only sounds he could hear were those of his own breathing and the tapping of the old man’s feet. The world seemed to have fallen away from under him. His heart hurt.
‘India Bones,’ the man said, his feet coming to rest, ‘do you remember the legend of Horn’s Gold?’
‘Yeah,’ India said, his voice muffled. ‘He was a pirate that stole a huge treasure and buried it, or something. Nobody knows where it went anyway. So what?’
‘He wasn’t a pirate, he was a privateer working for the Yorkish Navy. He attacked pirates and seized their hauls one by one. But instead of bringing it all back to York, or even Kingston, he kept it for himself. Keeping the gold and selling the goods to Hong Kong Silver for even more gold and treasures. He stole that which was already stolen, figuring there was no crime in robbing thieves. When the game was up, when the Navy caught wind, he hid the treasure, all of it. He was always too busy getting more to spend any.’
India raised his head. ‘How do you know all this?’
The old man let out a long breath and looked down at the ground. ‘I was there. At Captain Horn’s side. I saw what he did. All those pirates he put to death for his own ends. Of course, he was a pirate at heart, but even a pirate should be honest with what he does. Or maybe I’m just a fool. Aye, I was there, when he sailed up to that beach and the lot of us dug in the yellow sand, going grey as the storm clouds gathered, knowing the Navy were coming right for us . . . And he told us to throw aside our spades and led us further into the island, each of us but him groaning under the weight of all that gold . . .’
India’s eyes widened and his mouth dropped open. ‘You know where it is!’
The old man smiled. ‘It’s under my feet.’
India didn’t reply, stared at the ground. And then he said, ‘What do you mean?’
‘Right here. Under the temple.’
A thrilling current coursed its way through India’s veins; he sprang to his feet. His eyes danced over the floor, as though expecting to see mounds of gold through the stone. ‘But . . . but all the temples have been ransacked! This must have been a hundred times!’
‘You’d be surprised how infrequently something gets ransacked after the first time, when there’s nothing left.’ The old man smiled again. ‘But I didn’t say in the temple. I said under it.’
‘Under?’
‘There’s a way inside the base of the pyramid. It’ll look like nothing, an empty chamber, but there’s a secret room below. Captain Horn found it, and covered it up even better than it was before. Used explosives to destroy the entrance. You’ll have to move the stones in the floor. Get in from its ceiling.’
India struggled to breathe, he was so excited. ‘If this is true—’
‘It is.’
‘—why are you telling me?’
The old man sighed. ‘The Navy came for us. I hid before the battle, and because of that I’m the only one who survived. The only one out of the whole damn crew. Now I’m just a silly old man all by himself. Ships and castles and palaces, leave them to the young. The rainforest is my home. The streets and steps of India and Tomahawk. The jungle villages. Life is about people, you know? The people on the streets. The people in the trees. The people no one listens to. And sometimes it’s about no people at all. Sometimes it’s about being alone. The caves behind the waterfall. The empty temples.’
The man coughed heavily. ‘I’m too tired to play with treasure, and I don’t deserve to. There’s nothing else in the world I want to spend it on. Who else am I gonna give it to? Maybe I’m a cynic, and maybe I’m just selfish – well I know I’m both, but you’re the first good and honest heart I’ve seen since . . . since maybe ever. Besides,’ he added, hanging his head, ‘he wanted you to have it.’
‘Who? Captain Horn? I wasn’t born . . .’
‘No. The High Captain. Indiana Wolfgang. Your father.’
‘You said he didn’t exist!’
The man looked older and older the longer he talked, as though all the weariness of the world was piling itself on his hunched shoulders. ‘He doesn’t,’ he said. ‘But nonetheless. He wanted you to have it.’
‘I don’t understand.’ India stamped his foot angrily. Then he froze. ‘Are you my father?’
The man glanced away sadly and said nothing for a long moment. ‘No, I’m no father to you,’ he answered at last. ‘It was Indiana who raised you.’
‘Stop talking in – in riddles! Who are you? Is my father real?’
‘My dear boy,’ the man said. ‘It’s okay. Really, it is. It’s okay.’
‘Who—’
‘I’m nobody, really. It’s okay, India. Take the treasure. Do what you were always meant to do.’
‘What, take stolen treasure?’
‘No, no. Live, India. Follow your dreams.’
India swallowed. His mouth felt very dry. ‘And my father?’ 
‘Your father was High Captain Indiana Wolfgang Bones. It doesn’t matter that he wasn’t real. Why should it? He was your father and he raised you. He made you who you are and he is why you’re here now. He did a better job than anybody else ever could’ve.’
India was conscious of tears forming in his eyes again. He tried hard to hold them back, tightening his fists in frustration. ‘I want to know who my real father was.’
The man kept his gaze on the floor, averted from India. His voice was low and quiet and flat. ‘Whoever bedded your mother was a nobody, a nameless drunk, and he is long dead. The world forgot him as soon as he left it, if it ever knew of him at all.’
Tears were falling down India’s cheeks now; he couldn’t keep them at bay. ‘Did you know my mother?’
‘I did. We were friends, for a time.’
‘And?’
‘She worked in a – a punch house.’
‘I ain’t a kid. I know what that means.’
‘I know you do. She died giving birth to you.’
‘Did you see her die?’
‘No. I wasn’t there for that.’ The man coughed again. He was shaking his head very slightly to and fro, still staring at the floor. ‘Mrs Wayles sent me a letter. That’s how I knew she was reading you the book and telling you about the High Captain. Right from the moment you were born. I knew she’d keep on reading it to you because your mother loved the thing. It was her favourite.’
‘You wrote it.’
The man looked at him then, with sad, heavy eyes, just for a second. ‘Your parents are both as dead as you are alive. I need to be left alone now.’
India didn’t move.
‘I need to be left alone now,’ the man repeated. ‘You shouldn’t return. I won’t be here if you do.’
India lowered his head and turned away, wiping his face with his arm.
The man coughed wetly behind him. ‘Go get your treasure, India Bones.’

*

India stepped outside to find himself at the summit of the world. The night jungle radiated out from him in blacks and blues, angry purples and carnelian reds. He was far above the rainforest canopy, above the layer of mist. Here the air was sharp and almost chill.
From this vantage the City of Gold seemed only a stone’s throw away. A softly burning jewel in the wild. India could jump – leap out and in one single bound land in that old Aztec world fighting hopelessly against the relentless passage of time. He could soar, he could fly . . . he would fall forever. 
He glimpsed little villages in places where the canopy thinned. In one he spotted a circle of fire. To the east he could see the lights of Tomahawk, see the giant waterfall that to him was no bigger than a dribble. Sometimes it’s about being alone. The caves behind the waterfall.
India began to descend. Each step was weightless. His mind was rippling ocean; underneath the surface, currents surged. He’d lost and gained more than he was prepared to. Gained a hoard of treasure – maybe – and lost a father. 
Only when he was near the bottom of the temple did India realise he was crying. He hurriedly wiped his face with his sleeve, and when he was satisfied the evidence was gone, he walked around the base of Quetzalcoatl to find his friends.
Eli awaited him anxiously. Grimmer was leaning against the stone, his face blank. India found himself wishing they were gone – not now, not now – then threw the thought away.
‘Was he there?’ Eli said.
India said nothing as he approached. Not now, not now.
‘Was he there?’ Eli repeated, as India came to a stop in front of them.
India crossed his arms. ‘I’ll tell you later,’ he said. ‘There’s something more important right now.’
‘More important?’
‘When we walked around the base, was there an opening? It might have been small. I don’t remember, I wasn’t . . . I wasn’t thinking right.’
‘It’s on this side,’ Grimmer said. ‘We’ve just been in it. There’s nothing there, it’s just an empty chamber.’
‘Show me.’
They found the tunnel, Grimmer stooping down to enter after taking one of the lit torches from outside. The passage led straight inside the pyramid into a large bare room, devoid of anything but the yellowstone with which it was made.
‘Plundered,’ Grimmer said.
Part of the wall had fallen into impassable rubble; India ran his hand over the blocks. Explosives. This was the secret entrance.
India took a deep breath. ‘Through the floor,’ he said.
‘What?’
‘Do you trust me?’
There was a pause. ‘I do,’ Eli said.
‘Aye, mate,’ Grimmer said. ‘For what purpose, though?’
‘Because I’m gonna ask you to do a lot of work. Right now, right here. It might take all night, I don’t know. I need your trust. I need you to believe that I know it’ll be worth it. And . . . don’t ask me why. Not until it’s done.’
‘Until what’s done?’ Eli said.
‘We’re going to break through the floor and into the room below.’
‘There’s a room below? Did your . . . did your father tell you that?’
India held up a hand. ‘Please.’
Eli stared at the floor, then looked back up at India. He gave a small smile. ‘Of course,’ he said.
‘Grimmer?’
Grimmer nodded. ‘I’ve got all the time in the world mate.’
India’s grin became a frown. ‘We don’t have any tools.’
‘You’ll have to use your bare hands,’ Grimmer said. ‘Go on, hands and knees.’
India narrowed his brows and got to his knees. The stones in the floor were huge. He tried to dig his fingers into the edges, but as packed together as they were he couldn’t get purchase. He pushed and pulled, straining, but with nothing more than the tips of his fingers the task seemed utterly impossible. Nonetheless, he tried again from another angle and Eli joined him. They grunted, their fingertips sore from the worn stone.
‘You gonna help us?’ India breathed to Grimmer, his fingers slipping out once again.
‘I think you might die before you manage to move that an inch,’ Grimmer said. He reached into an inside pocket of his coat and pulled something out. It was a fist-sized black ball with a silver skull and crossbones engraved into it. Coming out the top was a tuft of string.
‘What is that?’ India said.
‘This?’ Grimmer said, tossing the ball into the air and catching it. ‘This is a bomb.’
‘A bomb?’
‘A special kind of bomb. I got it from – well, that’s a long story, but it sure wasn’t from around these parts. Had it a long, long time. Been saving it for a rainy day.’ Grimmer continued to toss it one-handed. ‘It ain’t rainy tonight, but I figure, you know, now or never.’
‘You’ve had a bomb this entire time, in your coat pocket?’
‘Aye,’ Grimmer said. ‘Come to think of it, I probably shouldn’t be the one holding the torch.’
India stood up and quickly took the bomb from Grimmer. It was cold in his hands as he carefully turned it about. ‘This . . . this is the fuse,’ he said, touching the string.
‘What say we light the bastard and blow this floor?’
‘Um,’ Eli said. ‘How big a blast does it have?’
‘Never tried it,’ Grimmer replied. ‘Think it’s a one-use kinda thing.’
‘I mean, we don’t want the whole pyramid coming down.’ 
‘Ah, nothing’s gonna shake this mate. It’s stood the test of time.’ He leaned forward and held the torch against the fuse.
‘Grimmer!’ India yelled, as the fuse immediately flared into life.
‘I’d put that on the ground if I were you mate,’ Grimmer said. ‘And run like hell.’

*

They were halfway down the tunnel when Grimmer pushed India and Eli to the ground and the bomb exploded. 
There was a green flash and a thumping boom that resonated against the stones, followed by a roaring blast of heat that washed over their backs and was gone. A quick series of crashing thuds came from below, accompanied by the acrid smell of smoke and something else India couldn’t identify, some sickly chemical. It made his tongue numb.
India was the first on his feet, coughing in the smoke. He ran back down the tunnel, hoping with heart in mouth that the room hadn’t caved in entirely. Grimmer and Eli followed on his heels, torchlight dancing shadows about them.
The chamber had been entirely blackened by the blast, but thankfully the ceiling and walls remained intact. The same couldn’t be said of the ground the bomb had been placed on. Almost the whole floor had fallen in.
The room below. The secret room. India held his breath and leaned over the side of the hole.

His Father’s Son


Grimmer held the torch over the edge. One knee fell, then another. ‘Davy Jones,’ he whispered. Beside him Eli took a sharp breath that didn’t seem to stop.
‘Horn’s Gold,’ India said hoarsely. ‘It’s really here. It’s really true.’ Black motes spun before his eyes. 
Eli must have sensed India’s dizziness because he grabbed his arm and guided them into joining Grimmer on his knees. The three of them knelt side by side, almost prostrate in worship at the edge of that pit, their imaginations reflecting back at them with the torchlight.
Here, around and beneath crashed stones, was the treasure of Captain Bucklemeir Horn.
Here was the gold, all the gold, black chests overflowing with glittering coin – Tortugal coin, Yorkish coin and Doradian coin, Bordeauxan and Barbaryan, Afrikan and Amazonian and Aztec coin. Coins from the Harem Empire, coins from China, coins from the tallest towers and the lowest dungeons and the deepest depths of the sea. Coins India had never seen before, jagged-edged and lined with black and silver or inset with jewels.
Here were the jewels, all the jewels, crystals and diamonds and cat’s eyes, rubies and carnelians and garnets, pink corals and topazes and rose quartz, sapphires and moonstones and azurite, emeralds and jade and malachite, white pearls and black pearls and pearls of a hypnotic swirl, agates and amethysts, bloodstones and rainbow pyrite, firestones and deathbells and witchhearts, Khan gazryn süü and Gyptian glass, onyx and obsidian and great balls of phoenix amber, Louisiana tears and frostgems dug out of frozen caves in the Icelands . . . and for every one that had a name, there were jewels whose names had never been recorded, or had never been named at all . . .
India could identify only a fraction, but that didn’t matter. The sparkling, gleaming colours – every colour imaginable, a prism of the gods – conveyed untold richness. And if the gems alone weren’t enough, those not loose and scattered were embedded in the most remarkable artefacts: statues and idols and trinkets of every kind, alongside many things bare of jewels and yet wholly beautiful, burning brilliant in the light, things whose designs had never been repeated, things that had laid unknown in this secret chamber as years as years passed and truth became legend, laid in darkness and forgotten, until Grimmer lit the bomb and sunk the ceiling and brought the torchlight to bear.
Gazing upon the hoard India felt like he was discovering some lost civilisation. He knew now that Bucklemeir Horn hadn’t just robbed pirates for treasure; he’d taken from everywhere and everyone, for years upon years upon years, picked from the ends of the earth, from people and places that time forgot.
And now it was here. Now they had found it.
‘Davy Jones,’ Grimmer croaked again. ‘Somebody pinch me, I feel alive.’
‘I think I might faint,’ Eli said. ‘This is . . . this is . . .’ He shook his head at them, then looked back down the hole, his black hair hanging over his face.
India’s eyes were half-closed, his head swimming. It wasn’t a long drop to the chamber below, but he was overcome by what he vaguely understood as vertigo – something he’d known as a child for a brief time, climbing the cliffs on Mexico Island and looking down. He forced himself to raise his head and sit back, away from the hole.
‘I feel sick,’ he said, running his hands through his hair.
‘You and me both,’ Eli said. He lay down on his back and considered the ceiling. ‘Your father told you about the treasure then,’ he said. ‘He knew because . . . because he was there. He was part of it. And now he’s giving it to you.’ It wasn’t a question and India didn’t answer. 
‘There is one little issue,’ Grimmer said, leaning back and stroking his skull thoughtfully.
‘What to spend it all on,’ India said. His mind was full of dreams. Just wait till Salia sees what I can bring her. He realised in a distant, detached way that he wasn’t smiling. In a way, this was beyond smiles, beyond laughter. This was vast, too vast to condense into something as simple as a smile, too vast to even fit inside his own head without getting dizzy again.
‘Before that mate . . .’ Grimmer said. ‘How do we get it all out of here?’
India sat up. ‘Shank.’
For a few moments nobody said anything. Then Eli turned to face them. ‘We’re gonna need the others.’

*

Eli and Grimmer lowered India down into the hole and he stood in wonder until the calls from above (and his rising thirst) jolted him into picking up a handful of jewels. He turned them over and over in his hands and held them up to the torchlight, then placed them in his inside coat pockets. Grimmer and Eli pulled him back up and Grimmer withdrew his flask and passed it around.
India and Eli left Grimmer guarding the entrance to the pyramid in the unlikely event that somebody else discovered the hoard. They walked along the lighted jungle path, neither of them saying a word, both lost in their own thoughts. At one point Eli looked at India strangely and India felt an unexplainable chill – as though the two of them were standing on a precipice and something was coming at them from out of the darkness, charging at their vulnerable forms. India shook off a sudden desire to take Eli in his arms and hold him, and watched the path ahead.
They entered the City of Gold in the dead of night; most of the streets were deserted. They headed to the quarter near the docks frequented by merchants, pirates and explorers. In the midst of searching for a promising establishment to enter, to ask after the whereabouts of Bilge Joe and the rest of the ex-crew of the Talisman, they encountered Old Neg shuffling along the street towards them, his head down.
‘Neg!’ India cried, his arms upraised.
Old Neg stopped short. He looked past India, to Eli behind him, and his tiny eyes were visible for the first time. His whole body quivered, as if he were frightened.
‘What is it?’ India asked. ‘What’s wrong?’
Old Neg whipped around and ran in the opposite direction, as fast as his short legs could carry him. India turned to Eli in confusion, wondering if they should give chase. That was when he saw.
Eli’s ghostly pale face was terrified and yet somehow grim and cold and resigned. He didn’t struggle against the blade at his throat, even though drops of blood were beginning to appear. Behind him a half-shadowed face leered out. 
‘Hello old friend,’ Lancer Main said. ‘Have I caught you at a bad time?’
India struggled to control his breathing and his heart rate. ‘I couldn’t shake the feeling that you weren’t gone,’ he said, the words rushing out. ‘But it wasn’t just a feeling. I knew it. I knew you’d come back.’ He met Eli’s eyes and swallowed, feeling a pain in his throat. ‘Eli knew it too.’
Lancer smiled. Even in this dim slice of torchlight he looked ill. The arm not holding the knife hung limp at his side. ‘The second, or maybe third of your salvos threw me overboard, backwards over the port side. I thought I was drowning. Have you ever experienced that? I’d love to introduce you to the sensation . . . but it’s a shame to squander the here and now, and besides, we’re all friends, aren’t we?’
Lancer’s cold smile stayed there, stuck on his face like some ghastly parasite. ‘My coat was weighing me down so I pulled it off. You know how hard that is to do in the water, with only one good arm? I can thank your friend Flynn for that. At the moment I really thought I was going to die, I breached the surface. My lungs bursting with pain. The skeleton ship raining cannon fire over my head. I clung to a piece of my ship, my broken ship, watching it sink before me through one eye, and I pretended to be dead. My face pressed down against that wet, stinking wood. 
Lancer’s gaze had wandered, becoming distant and lost. His words continued regardless, as though recited by some half-conscious part of him that connected past to present. ‘It was only when the ship’s shadow had left me, when I felt the setting sun warm my face, that I lifted my head. All around me, nothing but driftwood and broken things. Broken people. Then I saw you and my servant rowing away with your new pirate friends. With a skeleton.
I waited. And I waited. The salt burning my mouth, my head on fire, my limbs aching. All I wanted to do was sink back into the water and drown. If not for my hate for you both.’
Lancer’s attention returned to India, and his eyes steeled, his smile hardened. ‘So I waited. And then I began to paddle.’
India said nothing. He was trying to think of what to do, the right thing to say, but his mind was sluggish and uncooperative.
‘I’ve been gaining my strength back,’ Lancer continued. ‘And keeping an eye on you . . . and your new friends. Waiting for a good opportunity. Oh, I heard you talking about the treasure. Horn’s Gold, really?’ He sniffed in amusement. ‘Whatever you’ve found, it’ll be the property of the Yorkish Crown soon enough. Oh, you thought I might want it for myself? Money is just a stepping stone to power, India. Power and glory. Can you imagine what Her Majesty will say when I bring her this prize? The status I will achieve in her court? The position and respect I could command in Gettysburg . . . I could finally leave this degenerate Caribbean forever.’
‘Let him go,’ India said. ‘Please. I’m . . . I’m sorry. We’re both sorry.’
‘You have humiliated me for the last time,’ Lancer said, his voice eerily calm. ‘Did you think I could let it go? I knew it was all you. The muck thrown at me in the street. Every idiotic prank. Did you think I was stupid? Is that what you thought? You were protected, by that senile old fool Crescent, and by my own blood . . . As much as he hated Crescent, hated you all, he must have hated me more . . . and without any proof of your misdeeds . . . Even with proof, I could do nothing. I know my spoilt brat cousin had something to do with it all. But, as they say, family is family. And you don’t hurt family. Or at least that’s what I was told, by family. Strange that, isn’t it? Seeing as my father didn’t seem to follow the same rules.’
‘I’m sorry about your father,’ India said.
Lancer’s expression turned blank, glassy. ‘I’m not,’ he said.
‘Salia . . . Is she okay?’
‘She’s alive. I will decide what to do with her when I return to Kingston. She has evaded punishment so far, but that won’t last, not when I return. Perhaps the debt must be paid with interest.’ Lancer nicked Eli again with the edge of the knife; to his credit Eli made no sound. India felt a quick burst of pride.
‘The two of you though, you deserve everything you get,’ Lancer said, his tone bitter, almost upset. ‘I know I’m not the . . . easiest person to get along with. I didn’t like you coming in my house and just, just living there, can you blame me? I had no choice at all. I never did. But you, you ruined everything. You were cruel.’
‘You were far worse!’ India shouted, unable to hold back any longer. ‘We only fought back. You hurt Eli.’
‘Eli was mine to hurt!’ Lancer snarled. ‘My father hits me, who do I hit in return? The Mains kick downward. We always have. You have to punish people, sometimes. Not only when they do wrong. You have to straighten them out, or they’ll never become anything more. I learned that and so must Eli. So must you.’ 
Lancer shook his head, curling his lip. ‘Content to live in the dirt like rats. Honour and duty, order and discipline and respect and family, they’re all just words to you, aren’t they? You never had expectations of you. You never had the life I had. Well I give it to you. Take it!’ His fist tightened around his knife. Eli was struggling to draw breath. ‘I am better than you, both of you. You don’t see it, but that doesn’t mean it’s not true. I don’t regret a thing. You think I’ll let what you did to me pass, what you did to me in my father’s eyes?’
‘You really are your father’s son,’ India said. ‘He’d be proud.’ He knew the moment he said it that it was a mistake.
Lancer’s face contorted. He jerked his hand away. 
Eli Manson dropped to the ground. India screamed.
‘I just wanted him to be proud of me,’ Lancer said, watching as blood bubbled from Eli’s throat and he kicked out on the ground. ‘I was never enough for him. Do you know what it’s like to never see pride in your father’s eyes when he looks at you? Not ever? Not once?’
India sank to his knees. Eli’s gaze fixed on him in his final seconds. His movements shuddered to a stop but his eyes kept looking on through death. 
India’s vision blurred. He began to rock slightly, clutching at the air in blind desperation. The first racking sob surprised him; it seemed to come from outside his body. Earlier tonight, walking down the steps of the Aztec pyramid, unforeseen tears had sprung, but that was nothing compared to this – just specks of dust in his eyes. He hadn’t cried like this ever before. He hadn’t cried when he’d been beaten by Jack Rush in Mohawk. He hadn’t cried when he’d cut Skiv the Ratboy, maybe fatally. But here he was, a lost boy of fourteen, kneeling by the body of his friend and weeping, feeling his whole world had collapsed. Ships destroyed. Temples fallen. White heat enveloping whole jungles and leaving ashes in their wake to go cold and brittle in the dawn.
He’d hurt Lancer Main. He’d pushed Lancer Main. He’d bullied Lancer Main – bullied a bully – and now Eli was dead.
He curled his fists and his knuckles went white. 
Lancer Main sauntered closer to him, withdrawing a cutlass from his belt. His eyes were wide and wild. Looking into his face, India could see that murdering Eli had done something to Lancer, snapped another string. Salia’s words rose fresh and hot in India’s mind: I am quite certain that it is Lancer who killed him. He knew it was true, and that, while there may or may not have been redemption for Lancer after his first kill – his father – by now there was no doubt: any goodness in Lancer had died alongside Eli.
Lancer waved the long blade at India mockingly. India withdrew his own sword – his movements were so slow – and it was slapped aside.
‘Come on boy, is that all you have?’ Lancer said. ‘I would have thought you had some fight in you after I killed your stupid friend.’
India stood up unsteadily, growling like an animal. Drowning in grief and rage. He slashed, but Lancer was ready for him and countered swiftly. Smiling cruelly, Lancer stepped forward, attacking with practised, aggressive sweeps and thrusts.
‘Did that make you angry boy? He really did deserve it. All you pirates do. All you rats of street and ship. He didn’t suffer terribly though. I should’ve stuck him in the belly like a pig and had him die in agony.’
India ground his teeth together in fury but he could not stop Lancer from harrying away at him; it was all he could do to parry. Even despite his training with Flynn and Grimmer, India was at a loss. Lancer was older, taller, stronger, and likely had been training with a sword his whole life. This was India’s first real fight. Oh, he thought he’d had fights before, plenty of them, all fists and bruises in alleyways, but those seemed naught but children’s playtime now; and sword practice with Flynn and Grimmer was incomparable to the true, brutal thing.
Don’t forget Skiv. The boy you stabbed.
Skiv never had a sword. Skiv wasn’t trying to kill me.
Were you trying to kill him?
Sweat ran down India’s brow. He had never felt so close to death.
‘Did you really think you could beat me?’ Lancer laughed. ‘You, thirteen-year-old street trash, against me, the Governor’s son and expert swordsman?’
‘Fourteen.’
‘What’s that?’
‘I said I’m fourteen.’
Lancer guffawed. ‘Oh, I am sorry. You’re right, I should really be fighting for my life.’
With a last bout of strength India lashed out, but with a deft turn of his wrist Lancer spun the sword out of India’s hand. It clattered uselessly to the ground several feet away.
Lancer advanced, smirking. India’s back hit a wall as he retreated; his hand fumbled behind him. Why couldn’t Flynn have stabbed Lancer’s sword arm?
Lancer’s foot shot out, kicking India in the stomach, and India fell to his knees. He crumpled when a sword hilt smashed against the back of his head.
Lancer sneered down at him as India lay writhing on the ground.
‘It’s a pirate’s life for you,’ he said.
‘Bones!’ came a shout off to the side. India turned his head and spotted Bilge Joe standing at the corner of the street. He made a throwing motion.
India stared uncomprehendingly, the blood from his head running down his face, as something skidded towards him and hit his arm.
‘You can’t save him,’ Lancer said. He withdrew a pistol almost lazily and aimed it at Bilge Joe. He fired a shot; Joe dodged back behind the wall just in time.
Lancer’s gaze returned to India to find a pistol aimed at him from the ground. He smiled, sheathing his own gun back in his belt. ‘You don’t think I didn’t notice that, did you? Did you think I’d be afraid? Of you? A little boy with a man’s weapon? You’re not going to fire it. You don’t even have it in you.’
India blinked, blood trickling down his eyelids. His hand wavered and his head swam. He tried to focus. 
‘You’re as useless as your friend, and you’re going to end up the same way,’ Lancer said.
India squeezed the trigger. 
Almost at once he let go of the pistol. It thudded to the ground. Through blood India watched Lancer’s eyes go wide, disbelieving, watched his hands grope at the hole in his chest, watched his body fall so slowly towards him.
Lancer fell onto him and stared at India from only inches away. India looked into his eyes, couldn’t look anywhere else, and saw the fright in them. Lancer suddenly seemed so much younger; he could have been India’s own age. 
‘I just wanted him to be proud of me,’ Lancer whispered for the second time. ‘I never saw anything in his eyes . . . nothing . . . Do you know what that’s like?’
‘I never met my father,’ India said quietly.
‘Then you were lucky.’
India said nothing. Lancer’s eyes glazed and dulled and stopped moving. India lay there, motionless, with a dead man across him.
After what seemed like an eternity the weight was dragged off him. Bilge Joe gave India his hand and hoisted him up. India let go of the rough fingers quickly and stumbled against the wall. He vomited.
‘You alright?’ Bilge Joe asked.
India spat. His shoulders were heaving. ‘Took you long enough,’ he managed to say.
‘Sorry about that. Old Neg came to get us but we weren’t so close. This your first time? Killin’, I mean.’
India stared blankly at Lancer’s body. ‘I think so.’
Bilge Joe patted him on the back. ‘Gets easier.’
‘I bet it does.’
‘You know he deserved it. Lancer Main, right? I recognise him from the ship.’
‘It wasn’t a fair fight.’
Joe shook his head, smiling. ‘Would you rather fight fair or would you rather win?’
India’s breathing was slowing. He noticed the rest of the crew standing a little way off. Old Neg was anxiously pawing at himself. 
‘Whichever keeps me alive,’ India said.
‘There you go.’
India wiped his face with a sleeve and stood over Lancer, twisted on the ground. He sat carefully beside the still form. A black mote was beckoning at the edge of India’s vision, singing to him to raise his head and look, to come on over. Another dark shape, as still as Lancer.
‘What are you doing?’ Bilge Joe said.
‘I don’t know.’
‘We n-need to d-d-o something with the b-body,’ Mikkel said, coming forward.
‘No we don’t,’ India said. ‘Leave it here to rot.’
‘And Eli?’ Bilge Joe glanced at the other body. ‘He was a good kid, we all liked him.’
Dizziness came again. The world was starting to feel unreal. Please let this be a dream, India thought, but he knew dreams were never so cruel. ‘Somebody run to Quetza—Quetzalcoatl,’ he said. ‘Grimmer is there. He’ll know what to do . . . He needs to know.’
Bilge Joe looked at the crew. ‘Volunteers?’
‘There’s gold,’ India said.
‘Huh?’
‘Grimmer will show you.’
‘Show us what? Here, what’s that?’ Bilge Joe was peering at a gem that had fallen out of India’s pocket and onto the ground.
India reached into his coat and pulled out the rest of the jewels, handed them to Bilge Joe. The man’s jaw dropped.
‘The hell did you get these?’ Joe said in an awed voice.
‘Go to Grimmer,’ India said. ‘I need . . .’
‘You need a drink, is what you need.’
‘Yeah. Somebody . . . somebody take me and Eli to . . .’ India waved his hands into the rushing night. He fell to the ground.
‘You hear him?’ India heard someone say. ‘Leave it here to rot, he said. Goddamn. Somebody gotta watch that boy. He’s growin’ up awful fast.’

*

They buried Eli Manson on the beach. They’d walked until India told them to stop. Nobody was complaining; India hoped dully that it was because they liked Eli and not just because word had gotten back about the treasure.
‘We’ll bury him in a shallow grave,’ India had proposed.
Grimmer had shaken his head sadly. ‘It’s not like that mate,’ he said. ‘He won’t be like me. And that’s a good thing.’
‘He’s gone then,’ India said, voice flat.
‘Aye. He’s gone.’
Grimmer said a few words at the burial, as did Shang Yei. Old Neg tried to say something but in the end shuffled back, quivering.
Any words India had to say were spoken deep inside himself. That was where they belonged.

*

India looked at Grimmer, India’s own near-expressionless face belying the helplessness and desperation surging inside.
‘Tell them the truth,’ Grimmer said, not unkindly.
India stood up. ‘My father died a hero,’ he said, his eyes fixed over the crew’s heads. ‘He passed down instructions to me to claim Horn’s Gold as my own. As our own.’ 
He looked around the room, briefly taking in each of them hanging on his every word. ‘It’s all ours.’
The response was silence. His voice was too cold, that was it. No matter.
‘That’s it,’ he said, and sat back down.

*

With the help of the crew, India and Grimmer transported the chests of gold onto a merchant vessel they’d chartered direct to Tortugal. Bilge Joe accompanied them on the ship, leaving the others behind to move the rest of the treasure to a safer location and guard it until they knew what to do with it. Grimmer asked if the others would betray them and steal the treasure for their own, but Bilge Joe had been certain they wouldn’t, not without him.
India got the three of them each cabins of their own; the captain’s eyes lit up with greed when India gave him a handful of gems to pay for everything. From the deck of the ship India waved to Old Neg, who had come to see them off, then retreated to his cabin.
Below the fragile surface of cold numbness, India was sick in his despair. He tried to keep the lid on, to maintain the ice around his heart, around his memories, but he just couldn’t. The absence was monstrous. He felt like something – everything – had been scraped out of him, like he’d been hollowed out. 
Eli was the best of me, he thought. He lay down on the floor and curled up, trembling, his features contorted into only a fraction of the irrepressible agony inside. He squeezed the compass in his hand. Eli’s was buried with him.

Make Things Better


India spent almost the entire voyage inside his cabin. There were several days where he fell ill, from lack of fresh air and choppy waters as much as from his grief and depression. Grimmer came to see him from time to time but India never gave him much reason to hang around.
‘How do I get over it?’ India had asked one of the few times he’d spoken of his own accord.
‘Oh, mate, you don’t,’ Grimmer had replied. ‘You don’t get over it. A death of a friend ain’t something to get over. It’s part of you now. You weave it into your life’s tapestry. A piece of the jigsaw that makes you who you are. No, you don’t “get over” it. You accept it, and you live your life, aye, tragedy and all. You find a way to enjoy your life. That’s what Eli would want you to do. What would he say if he saw you so miserable, right after finding all that treasure, too? Good people come and go as often as the bad, but you’re still here. Your life is still going, and there’s a whole heap of life left to come.’
India had given a small nod in return, and Grimmer seemed to accept that it was the best he could get. 
A few days before reaching Tortugal, Bilge Joe made a rare visit to India’s cabin. He sat down heavily by India’s bunk, taking a draught from the bottle of rum he held. He offered it to India, who stared blankly at it for a few moments before shaking his head.
Bilge Joe shrugged, wiping the slobber from his lips. ‘It’s all a load o’ bilge, ain’t it?’ He sighed. ‘We all lost people, then and before. It’s a shame yours had to be so cold-blooded.’
India didn’t reply.
Bilge Joe took another swig. ‘What’re you doing with the treasure then?’
India stirred. ‘I don’t know,’ he said. ‘I guess you’ll all want to split it. Equal shares.’
‘Well, I’ve been meanin’ to talk to you ’bout that. Me and the crew had a chat before we left. You know, we like you almost as much as we liked Eli.’
Almost, thought India dully.
‘And the way we sees it, that gold is yours by right. We’d never have seen a single coin if you hadn’t brought us along. And you didn’t have to do that.’
‘I needed your help bringing it up. Couldn’t have done it on my own.’
‘Aye, that’s so, but you can’t fool me in thinkin’ that’s all there is to it.’ Bilge Joe tapped his head. ‘I know people. I don’t have many skills, but knowin’ people and keepin’ a vessel shipshape and sailin’ straight, they’re two of ’em. Three of ’em. I know a boy like you don’t want all that to himself – what would you do with it? You’re just a kid. I reckon you want to share it. You want somethin’ more than yourself to be part of, am I right?’
‘I don’t know,’ India said. He wished people would stop calling him a kid. He didn’t feel like a kid at all.
‘You know what the crew said – I keep callin’ them that, you noticed? Crew. We ain’t a crew o’ nothin’ since the Talisman sank. But you know what they said, when I asked what they’d do with their share o’ the gold? Bury it, they said. Bury it.’ Bilge Joe chuckled. ‘That’s pirates for you. Sure, we won’t give up gold without a fight, and most’ll argue you till they’re blue if you bring this up, but deep down in our hearts we know the find is worth a whole lot more than the treasure itself. It’s the find, lad, that makes its mark. I guarantee you that you’ll remember finding Horn’s Gold till the end o’ your days, long after it’s all been spent, lost and stolen.’
‘Are you saying you don’t want it?’
Joe rolled his eyes. ‘You not listenin’? Course we want it. Course I want it. But I’m sayin’ this is about more than that. You know where I was born? Go on, take a guess.’
‘I don’t know.
‘Guess.’
‘York.’
‘York? You tryin’ to insult me? Hell. No, I was born on a ship. Father was thrown overboard when I was still on hands and knees, I dunno what for. Dunno where my mother shanked off to – should prob’ly go look for her one of these days. I grew up in the bilge. Aye, I know I stink. I know people don’t wanna get close to me. You know that stink won’t come out? I was born ugly and born in the stink, and that’s where I grew. I’ve lived my whole life on ships. My whole life. What else is there for a scurve like me? People say, I hear ’em say, “I get rich, one big score that’s all I need, and I’m gonna find a nice plot o’ land, raise some cows and chickens and start a family.” Bilge. I ain’t a farmer, I ain’t a carpenter or a smith. I’m a pirate. That’s what they are too. They’re kiddin’ themselves. As for family, hell, I’m a bachelor till I die.’ Joe grinned, showing his array of dirty teeth.
India stuck his hand out and Joe handed him the bottle of rum.
‘Take Mikkel,’ Joe continued. ‘You know he’s got a family someplace? Wife and a kid. Hell, it was them that gave him the stutter. What’s he gonna do with the gold you wonder, take it back to ’em and fix them up somethin’ nice? Bilge. He ain’t doin’ no such thing. And Old Neg – I love him, who doesn’t, but he’s as useless as a sack o’ balls. He can barely cook. What’s he gonna do in the real world? And the others are just the same . . . Shang Yei is the only one that’s still a mystery to me – but I ain’t even sure she’s interested in treasure. Maybe the only pirate in this godforsaken world who ain’t.’
Bilge Joe coughed and took the bottle back from India’s unresisting hand. ‘What do you think are the three most important things to pirates?’
Groaning, India sat up and shrugged. ‘Rum, gold. More rum.’
Joe laughed. ‘Aye, that’s how it seems. No, it’s adventure, freedom – even if all that means is swappin’ one master for another – and purpose. And rum, aye, rum.’
‘What are you getting at?’
‘What I’m gettin’ at mate, is that aye, give ’em a share, let ’em do what they want – bury most o’ it and spend the rest in a night, no doubt. But the bulk o’ that treasure, you want a plan. You know what I think? I think you wanna keep us around. Together. Which means not only do you need a plan, you need a—’
‘A ship,’ India said, eyes widening.
‘Aye.’ Bilge Joe grinned. ‘A ship. And mate, just think what a ship you could buy with all those jewels!’
‘No . . .’ India said, contemplating the wall. ‘Not buy. Build.’
Now it was Joe’s turn to widen his eyes. ‘That’s right matey!’ he shouted, standing up. ‘The fanciest ship you’ll see in these waters! Make the Talisman look like . . . like . . . like bilge!’ He laughed, tossing some of his drink to the floorboards. ‘Just one thing, one thing lad.’
‘What’s that?’ India said, smiling slightly for the first time since that fateful night on Indiana.
‘Don’t make me quartermaster. No sir. I did enough o’ those duties on the Talisman to make me sick – first mate is all I want. You’ll have to find yourself another quartermaster.’
‘I think I have one in mind,’ India said.
‘Another thing. Two things there were. Then I’ll go and leave you in peace. I want – I request – a bag o’ that gold as soon as we arrive. What I want will be a lot, but you can take it out from all of our shares. They’ll be alright with it. It’s about more than that see, like I said. It’s about doing somethin’.’
‘Something like what?’
‘You wanna build a ship. I wanna build a house. No, not a house, and not just for me. What’s the right word? A den. A headquarters. Just think of it, mate. On Tortugal, an establishment just for us, for the new crew o’ the – of the—’
‘The something,’ India said. ‘I ain’t thought of a name.’
‘To that!’ Bilge Joe cried, lifting his bottle in a toast. ‘To the somethin’!’ He threw back his head and drank, then stumbled out of the room. 
India watched him go, a small smile playing at his lips. Both his brain and body, so sluggish and drained, were beginning to work again. India’s stomach rumbled aggressively, as though recognising the sudden possibility of energy.
‘Okay,’ India said to himself. ‘Time to go get some food.’ 
He left his cabin. 

*

The Crew of the Something landed at the eastern dock in Tortugal and exhausted themselves transporting black chests up to the Dead Sea Inn. They hid the treasure in the back, in a self-contained storage room that was only accessible from the outside of the building, through a door made near invisible by foliage.
‘We can trust the other jolly rogers, can’t we?’ India asked.
‘We can,’ Grimmer replied. ‘Just keep your lips tight about this. This is Tortugal, after all.’
Grimmer put down the last of the chests and considered them soberly. ‘I’ve been thinking about Mack,’ he said. ‘He replaced me on the Ship of the Dead.’
India didn’t know what to say. He pointed at the chest Grimmer had just carried in. ‘Take it,’ he said. ‘It’s yours.’
Grimmer shook his head. ‘Just a little bag of the most fanciable gems will do me mate,’ he said. 
‘Share it out with everyone at the Dead Sea Inn. In honour of the Ship of the Dead. Have a party. A big party.’
Grimmer smiled. ‘I’m sure you could find better use for all that than us old bones. Treasure is nice and all, but in truth it’s wasted on the dead. Unless . . .’
‘Unless what?’
Grimmer stroked the side of his skull. ‘What if we – what if I used it to . . . uh, redecorate.’
‘Redecorate the inn?’
‘I’m thinking an expansion. A big expansion.’
‘That sounds good to me. More buildings?’
‘Aye. We could call it . . . Tortughoul.’
India grinned. ‘I think you might wanna stow that name.’
‘What about “Bonetown”?’
‘Anything but Tortughoul,’ India said, patting Grimmer on the shoulder. ‘I think you’re gonna have a lot of work ahead of you. Go on, take it.’
Grimmer picked the chest back up. ‘Ooh, my creaking bones. Thanks, mate. This is gonna get interesting.’
‘I’m gonna have a ship built,’ India said. ‘It’s gonna need some experienced hands. I’m not done with you yet, you know.’
‘I know mate. Nor am I with you.’

*

India met up with Devil Flynn, who had returned to Tortugal a couple of weeks prior and was staying at the Blue Carbuncle. Flynn had spent some time in Colorado after discovering that he hadn’t the money he thought he had to travel to York and set himself up there.
India and Flynn sat down at the Red Hook and (at Flynn’s insistence) India began the long tale of everything that had happened since he’d left. Of the voyage and the many places they’d stopped at. Of the battle with the Carolina and the sinking of the Talisman and the Ship of the Dead. Of the City of Gold and the old man at the top of the temple, and the discovery of Horn’s Gold (to which Flynn happily reacted in the theatrical amazement India had hoped for). 
Recounting the part with Lancer and Eli was upsetting and India stammered over many of the words. He had to look away from the table for a minute; Flynn put India’s hand in both of his and squeezed firmly. But as difficult as it was, getting it all out seemed to help – it pulled the pain out from his heart and into the air. A tragedy shared became – at least for a short time – a tragedy halved.
After the story was finished Flynn drew India into a hug, and India quietly requested that Flynn make him tell the story again the next day. Flynn took this promise to heart: he asked India to tell the story the day after, and the day after that, and the day after that, too.
Retelling the same tale of adventure and tragedy was tiring, and as India had been wont to do in simpler times, he began to embellish and make things up. He’d been attacked in the forests of Colorado by tribal cannibals. The navy soldiers left in the water after the Carolina had sunk had been set upon by swarms of sharks. The jungles of Indiana were crawling with black tigers and mamba snakes as big as trees. The fight with Lancer had been more equal – and then, in another retelling, India easily had the upper hand, and Lancer only got him on the ground and removed his sword by trickery, forcing India to use the pistol. In the next version there was no pistol involved at all and India had won the fight fair and square entirely by virtue of his swordsmanship.
India knew Flynn didn’t believe these things, but it didn’t really matter and they both knew it. Just telling the story, making it his own, working through it in his mind, how he truly felt about things – that was enough. To Flynn’s credit (and India’s relief), he did not propose any more sword training. Instead the two of them spent their days roaming the beaches collecting seashells and hiking the slopes of Nassar. India bought a new belt and a flask from Barbary Anne’s, and Flynn a flash new coat of a brilliant blue. India was going to buy himself a cocked hat but put it back right before purchase. One day. Not yet. 
Only a few days after his arrival, India took Flynn to where the treasure was hidden and presented him with one of the chests. Flynn had gaped and tried to refuse (not very convincingly, India had thought with amusement), but India had insisted.
‘It ain’t just to repay you for all you’ve spent on us,’ India said. ‘It’s to repay you for everything. You might’ve saved our lives from Lancer, back in Kingston. You helped us in Tortugal where we wouldn’t have known what to do otherwise. And since I got back you’ve helped me again. With Eli.’ India swallowed. ‘You’ve been a good friend, Devil Flynn. Consider this a repayment with a lot of interest. And if you don’t accept it, well, to hell with you.’
Flynn laughed. ‘Okay, okay! I’ll take it! My dear boy it’s . . .’ He lifted the lid. ‘It’s marvellous. I cannot thank you enough. And I know just what to do with it.’
‘York?’
‘I will ingratiate myself spectacularly. This time next year, all of Eddison County will know the name of Devil Flynn!’
‘A little piratical a name for Gettysburg, don’t you think?’
Flynn tapped his chin. ‘This is true. Well then, how about Master Dick Flynn?’
‘Dick Flynn?’ India grinned. ‘Is that your real name? You sound like a highwayman.’
‘Well, a comfortable middle ground I’d say.’ Flynn grinned back, then embraced India. ‘Thank you, my friend. I will be here for a little while, getting my affairs in order, you know. Saying a long goodbye.’
India pulled away, smiling. ‘I’ll miss you, you know. You’ll always have my back, won’t you?’
‘Of course! Naturally. Just say the words, “Devil Flynn!”, and there I’ll pop, like lightning out of a bottle.’

*

 ‘I have to go away for a short while. There’s one or two people I need to see.’
‘Where you going?’ Bilge Joe asked.
‘You wouldn’t like it if I told you.’
‘No, I reckon I wouldn’t. Need a bodyguard?’ Joe grinned.
‘No, this is just for me. But thanks. I need you here, you and Grimmer to oversee the building of the ship. Try not to have too many last minute changes. You’re happy with the colours?’
‘Aye,’ laughed Bilge Joe. ‘The colours will be fine. I’m just glad that Devil Flynn of yours didn’t get his way and have the whole ship bright purple.’
‘Aye, he’s getting a little wrapped up in planning the ship’s decor, seems to forget he’s leaving for York.’
‘Traitor. Better take ’em down from the inside.’
‘He probably will. Will your crew be alright by themselves while the ship’s built? I sent a letter to Indiana, I assume they got it.’
‘Not sure how many of ’em can read. Shang Yei, maybe. But aye, they’ll be fine on their own. Hopefully they ain’t spent everythin’ already or we’re shanked. Ah, it’ll be alright. They’ll just be shankin’ about. They’ve prob’ly set India on fire by now. The city that is, not you.’
‘It’s made entirely of stone.’
‘Aye, the fire prob’ly didn’t last long.’ 

*

‘A brig? Why not a frigate? Hell, with that amount of coin you could build a damn man-o’-war!’
‘Can you see us trying to work a man-o’-war? That’s a – that’s an operation. I’m pretty new to this, you know.’
‘A frigate then,’ Bilge Joe said.
‘I’d thought about it,’ India replied. ‘Maybe we can size up in the future. But right now it feels like . . . too much. Too many.’
‘Too many?’
‘Too many people. I mean, look at us. Me, a stuttering gunner, an anxious ohdwaa, and on top of that we’ve got a skeleton. I think we should keep it pretty close. The bigger the crew the more trouble we’re gonna have. We should be like, like . . .’
‘A family?’ Grimmer suggested.
‘Aye. We should be a family.’ 
Tortugal had built ships in the past, but rarely. Pirate ships were usually commandeered navy and merchant vessels, refitted and repurposed. A heavily customised brig like India commissioned was a tall order. But with the gold and jewels on offer, people got to work. Smiths and carpenters put aside other orders (or got up from lazing in their hammocks) and the island rang with the sound of beating metal and sawing wood and a great deal of to-ing and fro-ing of supplies. Timber and other materials began to be shipped in from the other Caribbean islands, Colorado and J’maika at the forefront. Hong Kong Silver orchestrated much of it, for an obscenely large cut. Builders, woodworkers and metalworkers began to be drafted in from around the Caribbean. Three fraternal shipwrights from San Dillinger with piratical sympathies came to Tortugal for the job, happy to be away from the yoke of the San Dillinger Navy. They brought with them ready-made cannons and many other less widely available building supplies. Palms were crossed with gold, forms were faked and supply ships were diverted, or for a time simply “went missing”.
Day by day, the ship grew.

*

India took a merchant schooner to Kingston and shivered as he approached the docks of the city. Am I still wanted? he wondered.
It was strange coming through all these other ships, right up to the bustling jetty. A far cry from bursting through the jungle after landing at Lonely Carib with the jolly rogers. It’s almost like I’m a proper person, he thought wryly.
He left the waterfront and began the long walk up the hill, his mind abuzz with conflicting thoughts. Sadness jostled with hope, and longing expectation with trepidation.
The door to the Crescent–Main mansion opened at his knock and there she was. Salia looked even lovelier than he remembered. India held his breath and tried to keep his response measured as she burst into a huge smile and jumped forward, embracing him and kissing him on both cheeks.
‘Why didn’t you write!’ Salia cried. ‘You silly boy! You should have written!’
‘Thought I’d surprise you,’ India said, grinning, warmth flourishing inside him.
‘It’s been ages. I knew you weren’t dead though, obviously. Come in, come in, take those filthy boots off. How are you? You’re taller. Ew and you smell! How long have you been at sea? You need a bath. You missed my fifteenth birthday, you know. You’ll have to make it up to me somehow. Where have you been? Lancer’s dead, isn’t he?’
India had forgotten Salia’s knack for thrusting a deluge of words upon him and was left rather stunned at the last question. ‘He is, yeah . . . How did you know?’
She waved her hand in the air as he followed her to the drawing room. ‘I know lots of things,’ she said. ‘Dead, then.’ She heaved an enormous sigh. ‘Well, it was going to happen sooner or later. I’ve made my peace with it already, as you can see. Come on, sit down. I want to hear about your adventures. You’re a pirate now, aren’t you? I can tell. You’re bad. Just look at you. Definitely taller. Maybe even stronger.’ She reached out and squeezed his bicep. ‘Well, getting there,’ she said. ‘So, have you missed me?’
‘Maybe,’ he said.
‘Yes, you have,’ she said, sitting down primly. ‘Don’t be silly. Do I get a present?’
India reached into his pocket, withdrew a beautiful ruby necklace and handed it over as casually as he could manage before sitting down himself.
Salia squealed. ‘Oh, it’s beautiful!’ She swiftly put it around her neck. ‘Where did you get it? Was it expensive? Did you steal it? It’s very nice, it goes with my dress, I think. Do you like my dress?’
India nodded.
Salia’s smile disappeared. ‘What’s wrong? Something’s happened, hasn’t it? Where . . . Where’s Eli?’
India lowered his eyes and clasped his hands together. He told her. When he was done he saw tears in her eyes and anger in her face – yet there was a level of control there that was remarkable. I know she cares more than she lets on, he thought. I wonder how she’ll be after I’ve left? Or will she just get on with things? 
‘Lancer deserved what happened,’ she said, her fists tight. ‘He was horrible and cruel. I can’t believe he did that. My own cousin – I lived in this house all this time and I never thought he’d be that bad. Not until he murdered his father, but even then, not Eli. I’m so happy I managed to stay out of his way at the end. Lancer was evil.’
‘I’m not so sure,’ India said. ‘He wasn’t a good person, but maybe if I’d had the life he had, I wouldn’t be either. In another life he might have been our friend. I don’t know.’
‘What? Don’t you hate him?’
India gazed at the wall for a moment before answering. ‘I don’t know. I don’t think it’s worth hating him anymore. He’s dead, ain’t he? He’s dead and gone. Why hate the dead?’ He sighed. ‘It was hate that killed Treymeir Main, it was hate that killed Eli, and it was hate that killed Lancer. The sooner it stops the better. And I want it to stop with me.’
‘Quite the gentleman pirate,’ Salia said. ‘I suppose that’s what Eli would want. Would you like a scone?’
‘I’m okay,’ India said, smiling. ‘I need to see your father.’
‘You do? Why’s that?’
‘I have something to give him.’
‘Is it that sack you’ve got slung around you like some silly trapper? Is it more jewels? You should give them to me, you know. My father is quite fine as he is. You know he’s been acting governor since Lancer left?’
‘Is that so?’ India said. ‘That’s good.’
‘I’ve been helping him quite a lot. Well, come on then,’ Salia said, standing up, smoothing her dress and leading him from the drawing room. She knocked on the door to her father’s study and entered before a word was spoken.
Jone Crescent sat behind a mound of papers, scribbling away with a quill. He looked up as they entered. ‘Salia, my dear,’ he said. ‘And – oh – and Master India Mancer? Or was it India Bones?’
‘Either will do, sir,’ India replied.
‘And for what do I have the, um, honour?’
‘It’s my duty to report to you, sir, that the Carolina is sunk and Lancer Main is dead.’
Jone Crescent blinked at him, his spectacles dangerously close to falling off the end of his nose. ‘Yes, the news had come to me,’ he said. ‘You can confirm these reports and rumours, then?’
‘I saw the ship sink. And I saw Lancer’s body.’ India kept silent on his own involvement. The whole crew had agreed: not a word was to be spoken about it. They all knew that accepting responsibility for the killing of a Kingston governor would put a Yorkish-painted target on all of their backs. Even Bilge Joe admitted that the bragging rights weren’t worth the trouble they would bring.
‘Excellent,’ Jone Crescent said. ‘I mean, terrible, a tragedy all round. Will you stay and fill in the details? I have many letters to write.’
‘Sure,’ India said. ‘And, um, those wanted posters . . .’
‘Those wanted posters died with Lancer. It was always his personal business. My orders have already been sent – it is likely they are being torn down as we speak.’
‘Thank you, sir.’ India let out an audible sigh of relief.
‘Don’t thank me, young man. Thank Salia. She’s been fighting your corner tirelessly. She convinced me there was no time to lose in removing the bounty, and stalling a few other measures of Lancer’s.’
India smiled at Salia. She looked pointedly back at him, as though to say, Well, there you go.
‘You should succeed Lancer as governor, sir,’ India said. ‘You’d do a much better job.’
‘I appreciate the vote of optimism,’ Jone replied. ‘Unfortunately, I’m not sure I have quite the means to take the job on . . .’
‘Kingston needs a good man behind the helm. The whole Caribbean needs one.’
‘And an even better woman right behind him,’ Salia added.
‘Yes, my dear Salia has been quite invaluable . . . But still, the running of Kingston is a terribly complicated business . . . quite corrupt, too . . . I swear, if you want anything done you have to bribe half the people of Kingston. Make that half the Caribbean.’
India removed the bag he’d been carrying and dropped it on the desk with a clunk. ‘Perhaps this’ll help, sir.’
A crease appeared between Jone’s brows; he opened the bag. His jaw dropped. ‘My, my boy . . . this is . . . these are jewels!’
‘Very rare ones I expect, Father,’ Salia said. ‘Isn’t that so India?’
‘Yeah,’ India said. ‘They’re yours. Property of the Crescents.’
‘But why?’
‘Think of the good you can do with this,’ India said. ‘I want you to help the poor here. Help anyone you can who deserves it, in Kingston and beyond. Make this place better.’
‘My dear boy, I cannot thank you enough. This is truly remarkable. Truly remarkable.’ Jone dabbed at his eyes behind his spectacles. 
Are those actual tears? India wondered. ‘You’re welcome, sir,’ he said.
‘Father, can India stay for a little while?’ Salia said in a loud, brisk voice.
‘Of course, of course! As far as I’m concerned, after that . . . donation to my governorship, the boy can stay for the next ten years!’
‘Only a very short while,’ India said. ‘I have a ship being built that awaits my attention.’
‘A ship? Oooo!’ Salia cried, clapping her hands. 
‘Taking up the merchant way of life, are you?’ Jone Crescent said. ‘Very good, very good. A fine profession. I was in it myself you know, Crescent Trades. Well I – if you’ll excuse me, please excuse my rudeness, but I have some very pressing letters. Perhaps we could continue talking later? After supper, perhaps?’
‘Sure,’ India said. Salia linked her arm with his and guided him out.
‘A pirate ship,’ Salia whispered in excitement outside the study. ‘That’s dangerous!’
‘You could come with me, if you like,’ India said. ‘See the ship, maybe join the crew . . .’ He knew before he finished speaking that it wasn’t going to happen.
‘Oh you silly boy India,’ Salia said. ‘Of course I’m not going to get on any smelly, dirty pirate ship with you. My dress would be completely ruined, and I’d get wet. But bring me back some more nice jewels will you? And better stories. I like stories.’
‘You don’t even want to come to Tortugal?’
‘The pirate haven? Oh, I don’t know . . . I’m not quite ready to have a lot of grubby men leer at me, thank you.’
‘There’s women there, too.’
‘Grubby men and grubby women. Maybe in the future. After more presents.’
India rolled his eyes. 
‘Come on, sit back down, I want to hear the whole tale. With all the nasty bits left in.’
‘Alright,’ India said heavily. ‘By the way, what happened to Lady Rosary? Is she still here?’
Salia shook her head. ‘She passed on recently. What with Sir Treymeir’s death, and Lancer . . . She always was ill, poor thing. Well I assume she was, I barely ever saw her.’
‘Oh,’ India said.
How many deaths has this brought? How much blame can be laid at our feet? He glanced at Salia, wondering what went on in her mind. Does she feel any guilt for her part? We poked the snake. We did that. Should I tell her how I feel, how she should feel?
No. Say nothing. Nothing can make things better.

*

India stayed longer in Kingston than he meant to. And once he finally said goodbye to Salia he was at odds with himself. He kept changing his mind about whether to go. It felt strange and he was nervous. Both childhood and adulthood tugged at him and for the first time he was deeply uncomfortable in his own body. In the end, though, it seemed like the right thing to do.
He knocked on the door.
The woman who opened it was shorter than India remembered, although no slimmer. She stared at him unseeing for a moment, then clapped a hand to her forehead and staggered back a step.
‘Hello Mrs Wayles,’ India said.
‘India Bones!’ Mrs Wayles cried. She lunged in and scooped him into a bear hug that lasted no more than a second before she pushed him back, a fierce grip on his arms. ‘I knew you weren’t dead, I knew it! And look how you’ve grown!’
‘I’m sorry—’ India started to say, before Mrs Wayles cut him off with a look that could melt steel.
‘You should be, boy! Leaving me without so much as a word. Nothing! Where’d you go then? Making it pretty in Mohawk were you? Back on the streets? Look at the state of you, your hair needs a hard brush and a sharp cut.’
‘I’ve been all over the Caribbean,’ India said.
Mrs Wayles shook her head fiercely. ‘Oh no no no no no no no. I see you didn’t listen to me did you? Got in all sorts of horrible scrapes no doubt. No, just up and left. Not so much as a – as a thank you for all I did for you.’ She sniffed and turned around, shuffling into the room and dabbing at her face in a manner that seemed to India a little affected.
India followed her into the house. Was it always this small? It seemed more like a large cupboard than somewhere he’d bedded so many nights.
‘I didn’t really have a choice this time,’ India said, gazing about the room with his arms crossed in a protective manner.
‘Kidnapped was it? Knew it’d happen, of course. Did they hurt you?’
‘It wasn’t quite like that. I’m okay though. And Mrs Wayles . . . thank you for looking after me when others didn’t.’ 
She sniffed again, still with her back to him. ‘Alright,’ she said. ‘Why did you come here then? Try and give me a heart attack? Or laugh at – at how little things have changed here. You all world-wise and all. I’m busy, you know. I’ve got things to do.’
‘I know,’ India said. He thought about bringing up the Book, and his father, but decided against it. It still hurt, and it would hurt her too. He didn’t need to know anything more. He didn’t want to know. He didn’t even want to think about it. 
‘I came to give you something,’ he said. ‘Where is Mr Bassard?’
Mrs Wayles passed him a quick glance over her shoulder. ‘He’s been dead from the drink three months now.’
‘Oh. I’m . . . sorry.’ He waited for the shock to hit him, but it never did. That was another life, another me. All he felt was exhaustion.
‘What are you apologising for, hm? What did you want to give me then?’
India opened his coat and withdrew two small bags from his belt. ‘I guess with Mr Bassard gone, both of these are for you.’ He put them on the table.
‘What are these then? Nuts?’ She loosened the drawstring on one of the bags and peeked inside. 
India had seen people faint before, enough times to know it was coming before it happened. He watched in what appeared to be slow motion as Mrs Wayles’s expression went slack and she dropped to the floor.
‘I’m heading off now,’ he said to Mrs Wayles’s unconscious form. ‘Don’t spend it all on yourself. You should use it to fix this place up.’ He looked around one last time, one hand pushing the door open. ‘Make it into a proper orphanage.’
On his way back to the Eyeless docks India stopped in the street, thinking. Then he walked back to the ragged, shock-haired girl he’d just passed, who was scrapping with another kid. As he approached she sent off her rival with a final kick and a glare that could have sunk a thousand ships.
She turned that glare on India. ‘Yeah?’
‘What’s your name?’ he asked.
She eyed him suspiciously, her face dirty, her clothes torn, her explosion of brown hair stuck out in all directions. ‘What’s it to you?’
‘I don’t mean you no harm.’
‘Good for you.’
‘C’mon. What’s your name?’
‘Tom.’
‘Tom?’
‘Lizzaby Tom,’ the girl said.
‘My name’s India Bones. How old are you, Lizzaby?’
‘How old are you?’
‘I’m fourteen.’
‘Hm. I’m twelve,’ she said. ‘What do you want? Do you have food?’
‘I have a ship. Well, I will soon. Do you want to join the crew?’ The words were out of his mouth before India even knew what he was asking.
‘I want food. I can’t eat a ship.’
‘There’ll be food on the ship. You’ll be fed every day if you join the crew.’
Lizzaby’s face scrunched up. ‘This is a trick,’ she said. ‘I’ll bite you.’
‘I’m sure you would,’ India said. ‘But it ain’t a trick.’
‘Why me? Why would you want me?’
‘Good question,’ India replied. I’m not sure I know myself. What made me come over to you? ‘I guess it’s ’cause I don’t want everyone on the ship to be so much older than me. I don’t want to be the only young one, especially after Flynn leaves, and he’s more of a man anyway.’ He sighed, feeling a weight in his chest that he struggled to push back. ‘It wouldn’t have been like this if Eli were still alive.’ 
‘Who’s Eli?’
‘Eli Manson. My friend, he was murdered.’
‘Hm,’ Lizzaby said. She was silent for a while, her eyes flicking over him. ‘Why’d you want me?’ she said again. ‘Not just any kid.’
‘I don’t know. I just saw you and . . . I don’t know. You seem nice.’
‘Ha!’
‘And you seem like you’d make a good fit. Like we could get on. You’re a fighter. Tough, for a kid. I was raised on these streets too, you know. I guess you remind me a bit of myself.’
‘I bet it wasn’t the same.’
‘Maybe not. But you’re an orphan too, ain’t you?’
Lizzaby was silent.
‘I’m offering you a chance at another family,’ India said. ‘Maybe it is a trick,’ he added. ‘But if it is, what have you lost? You can only get more from this moment. It’s worth a try, ain’t it? Maybe it won’t work out, but maybe it will.’
Lizzaby seemed to be considering. She scratched her hair. ‘There’s food then?’
India nodded, smiling. ‘In the schooner I hired to take me here. And there’ll be more, much more where we’re going.’ He offered his hand.
‘You don’t touch me,’ Lizzaby said.
‘I don’t touch you,’ India agreed, dropping his hand.
‘Show me this ship then,’ she said. ‘It better be nice.’
‘My ship’s not built. But we’ll take one to Tortugal – you heard of it?’
Lizzaby nodded, unable to mask a small flare of excitement in her eyes. Just like me, India thought.
‘Pirates,’ she said.
‘That’s where we’re going.’
‘Uh-huh,’ Lizzaby said. ‘We gonna go then or are you gonna keep on talking?’
India grinned. ‘We’re going.’
‘Just don’t make me bite you.’ 

*

Upon his return to Tortugal, India spent many hours observing his ship being built. It fascinated him, dominating even his dreams, but it was also like a watched kettle never boiling. He found if he forced himself to stay away from the construction for a week at a time, to give it as little attention as he could, then he’d be all the more impressed with its progress when he returned. There was no doubt that the process would have been quicker and more efficient in San Dillinger, but nonetheless India was impressed with the resourcefulness and energy displayed here. At times it seemed the ship was being worked on morning, noon and night.
Lizzaby Tom quickly made herself at home, eating everything put before her (and a good deal else) and scampering all over the island on her own. She got into scraps with the locals on an almost daily basis. Flynn (who still hadn’t left for York) was left bemused by her. Lizzaby was fascinated by Grimmer, who soon became the only company she wouldn’t avoid and the only member of the crew she would sit with (though she never managed to sit still for long). She didn’t seem willing (or able, perhaps) to communicate at any length, even with Grimmer, and India realised she’d be a tough nut to crack. For now, India left her to her own devices, knowing she’d follow him when the time came. Even if it was only because he was a source of free food. 
Old Neg arrived at the docks unannounced one morning, sent by the rest of the crew to see how the process was going and report back. He seemed calmer than when India had last seen him and India was glad none of the others were around to make him anxious, Lizzaby especially. 
He greeted Old Neg warmly, then asked, ‘How’s the treasure? Still some of it left, I hope?’
‘Quite a bit,’ Old Neg replied, his eyes on the wood beneath his feet.
‘Have you buried it? Where is it?’
Old Neg tapped his nose secretively and India rolled his eyes.
‘Is everyone good to join this new ship, as crew?’ 
‘You don’t want me,’ Old Neg mumbled, pawing at himself. ‘You’ve got money now, you can afford the best.’
‘Oh, you silly old prune,’ India said. ‘You are the best.’
Old Neg raised his head and India could have sworn he gave a little smile before he turned away. ‘I’m not a prune,’ he said.
The ship grew.

*

‘What did you say the name was?’ Quarter Rackle put down his mug and stared.
‘The Devil’s Dress.’
‘Good lord. I did hear right. It’s a bit girly, isn’t it?’
‘I thought ships are supposed to be female.’
‘Well, yes, but . . .’
‘Are you a good quartermaster?’ India asked.
‘Kid, I’ve been a quartermaster on more ships than you’ve had hot dinners. I’ve always been a quartermaster. I’m the best at my job, and I don’t come cheap.’
‘Don’t call me kid. You still without a ship?’
‘Yes. I’ve had offers.’
‘And are you a good person?’
‘What?’
‘You heard me.’
‘Can’t say I’ve ever been asked that,’ Quarter Rackle said, his lips twitching. He ran a hand through styled black hair. ‘I won’t betray you, if that’s what you’re asking. Not unless the money is amazing, but then so would most others in that position.’
‘That doesn’t sound comforting.’
‘Always trust one who follows the money, lad. It’s the most trustworthy thing there is. Better than folk you don’t know which way will turn.’
‘What happened to your last ship?’
‘I was . . . let go.’
‘Why?’
Rackle sighed. ‘You sure do ask a lot of questions. Look, I don’t want to ferry slaves, and that was the cargo. Is that a good enough reason?’
India paused, then nodded. ‘Okay. We’ll have you.’
‘Settle down, kid. Sorry, I mean lad – India. I haven’t said I want to be hired, yet.’
‘I thought you followed the money. You know about the treasure.’
‘Money isn’t everything. It’s most things, sure, but so’s my life. And coin always comes from more than one place.’
‘If you’ve got questions, ask them.’
Rackle smiled, stroking his waxed black moustache. ‘How’s the ship?’
‘It’s almost finished. It’s beautiful.’
‘Beautiful, beautiful. I’ve seen the damn thing, you can’t miss it. You’ve been on board. I said how is it?’
‘It’s good.’
‘Good. Guess we won’t really know till it’s at sea. What about the captain?’
‘Also good.’
‘Who is it?’
‘Me.’
Rackle stared at him, then threw back his head and laughed. ‘Look, kid, you can’t be captain. No, I don’t care if it’s your ship. I don’t care that you paid for it. You’re gonna need a full crew for it, and nobody is gonna take you seriously. They won’t do what you say.’
‘They will if I pay them,’ India said, hands on hips, glaring challengingly at Rackle.
‘No, they won’t. Not when it matters. Not in battle, or in a storm. You can’t just command their purses, you gotta command their hearts and minds. They need to trust you, trust that you won’t just pay them but save their sorry hides too, and always know what’s best.’
‘I do.’
Rackle rolled his eyes. ‘I’m sure you do, lad. But they don’t know that. Look, you’re just too young. That’s the truth of it, and you know it too. You haven’t earned your stripes. You think everyone doesn’t just want to be captain? You have to earn it. Maybe in a few years. But till then, you’re gonna have to pay your due like the rest of us. Then when, if, you finally get the big hat, you’ll be all the stronger for it.’
India scowled. ‘You be captain then.’
Rackle hesitated. ‘No,’ he said at last. ‘Everyone wants to be captain but me. I’m a quartermaster. It’s in the name. It’s what I do and it’s what I like and that’s not going to change. Just enough responsibility. Too much to suffer disrespect, too little to be hated.’ 
‘Alright,’ India said, somewhat deflated. ‘Well . . . come see the ship anyway and come aboard, have a look around. I think you’ll like it.’
Rackle cocked an eyebrow. ‘Now?’
‘I’ll meet you there at midnight.’
‘Ooh, ominous.’
‘Just be there.’
‘Maybe.’

*

India saw Quarter Rackle emerge from the darkness, his long pirate coat fanning out behind him as he walked. His boots were loud on the jetty. He slowed as he approached, really slowed, as though the energy were leaking out of him.
But he kept going.
‘A skeleton on the crew,’ Rackle said when he had stopped in front of them. He swallowed. ‘How . . . quaint. Grimmer.’
‘A moustachioed man,’ Grimmer said. ‘How quaint. Rackle.’
Rackle’s face contorted in a peculiar sort of manner that he tried to control; then he tore his eyes from Grimmer and looked at the ship. ‘Yes,’ he said, and his voice came out a little reedy. ‘Yes,’ he said again, deliberately lowering it. ‘It looks decent enough.’
‘Uh-huh,’ India said.
‘So . . . there’s still that matter of the captain.’
India stepped forward, opened his mouth, closed it again. He narrowed his brows, then took a deep breath. ‘Quarter Rackle, it is my honour to present to you Captain Grimmer of the Devil’s Dress.’
There was silence for a few moments, in which Grimmer turned to look at India with his black hollow sockets and India looked back at him, a slight shiver running down his spine.
‘Do you think you can serve under a skeleton?’ India asked, turning back to Quarter Rackle. Grimmer continued to stare.
Rackle coughed. ‘I’ve spent a little time with them, at the Dead Sea Inn. I might always be stone drunk then, but still. I just didn’t expect one to loom out of the dead of night.’
‘My looming days are long past me,’ Grimmer said, a little distantly.
‘Indeed. Well . . . do you know ships, sir?’
‘Yes,’ Grimmer replied, finally turning his focus from India.
‘He’s been on them his whole, uh, life,’ India said. ‘He knows them better than you know your own moustache.’
‘Well . . .’ Rackle said again. ‘I’ve served under the dead drunk before, and the dead lazy and the dead useless . . .’
‘I am neither a drunk, lazy, nor useless,’ Grimmer said.
‘Then I think I could give just dead a go.’ Rackle made a good attempt at a smile. ‘But as, um, for the rest of the crew . . .’
‘You’ll join us then?’ India said.
‘Indeed. Of course. How could I resist?’ This time the smile was almost convincing.
‘We’ll need your help getting the rest of the crew.’
‘A crew that won’t mind being captained by a skeleton, you mean.’
‘That’s right,’ Grimmer said.
‘Okay. I might know a few names . . . Who do you have so far? I know you have Bilge Joe. A good first mate, sort of. You have the rest of the Talisman?’
‘Those that survived,’ India replied. ‘Six others. One of whom is an ohdwaa, Old Neg.’ India glanced around to make sure they weren’t being spied on, then leaned closer. ‘He can be a bit of a sorry state sometimes. So we’ll need a crew that’s not prejudiced, nobody who’ll give him too hard a time.’
‘You mean on top of not being prejudiced against dead people?’
‘A good-hearted crew.’
‘You mean like me?’
‘If that’s the closest we can get, then yes.’
‘Alright. I’ll try. I would have enlisted Fast Eddie but he’s shacked up with Bonnie. So, a crew of good-hearted scurves, who won’t have the fear of god put into them by a walking, talking skeleton, begging your pardon Captain, and won’t be mean to the ohdwaa. And who won’t get their hackles raised by being talked down to by a child. Coming right up.’
‘Tell them they’ll be paid well.’
‘Believe me,’ Quarter Rackle said, ‘I fully intend to.’ He sighed. ‘What has happened to my life. If you’ll excuse me gentlemen, I’m going to see what kind of shape below decks is in. No doubt I’m going to need an items list a mile long.’ He walked up the gangplank and quickly descended into the heart of the ship.
India stepped back to take in the whole of the ship for what seemed like the millionth time. His heart burst with pride. The ship – his ship – was beautiful. Beautiful and dangerous. Terribly sleek for a brig. It looked like it could cut through the waves. It was black-and-scarlet-boarded, lined all over with silver that began to shine as the moon came out from behind a cloud. The masts towered into the sky. Closed gun ports hid the glare of jet black cannons, each eager and hungry for action. And the finest touch, the figurehead at the prow: a snarling female demon with red eyes and jagged wings spread out and back. A succubus, Flynn had called it. 
A black flag trembled in the air. A single grinning skull in a red cocked hat. 
India walked up the gangplank, feeling Grimmer’s gaze on him as he did. He headed up the polished black stairs to the helm and took the wheel, breathing deep.
Captain or not, it’s mine. We can do what we want, go where we want. We’ve got the whole world at our fingertips.
India gripped a black and silver spoke with one hand and laid his other palm on the bloodred eye at the wheel’s centre. He closed his eyes, feeling the light sway of the wind. 
‘It’s a pirate’s life for me,’ he said.
INDIA RETURNS IN

India Bones 
and the Indigo Caves

AVAILABLE NOW
Afterword & Acknowledgements


And so ends the first tale in the adventures of India Bones. I hope you enjoyed it, perhaps even enough to read more of India’s adventures, and grow older with him. It is my honest belief that the books get better as they go. Really, all that has ended here is the Beginning.
Looking back after four years (India Bones and the Ship of the Dead was first published in 2017), this first book’s worldbuilding appears nascent. Despite its young protagonist being from “Mexico Island”, it nonetheless fits a somewhat traditional, colonial model of pirate adventure; imaginative, but perhaps thinly drawn. The plentiful nods to the real world that I litter throughout this series, here are mostly just obscure or not so obscure references to the Golden Age of Piracy (or, in one case, the Beach Boys). See if you can get them all.
 It was only in the following books that I began to better understand what I wanted to do with this world, and set about deepening and decolonialising (not the easiest task by any means) it every chance I got. By drawing more inspiration from the real world, I was determined to enhance this world’s atmosphere, its immersiveness, and its verisimilitude, while at the same time adding to its fantasticalness, and all without deviating from fast-paced pirate adventures.
This book didn’t magic itself into being, and I’m sure there are many realities where it never existed, or existed in some substandard form. There are four people who I owe my thanks, without whom you would not have read what you just have (unless you just skipped straight to the Acknowledgements, in which case, alright, you weirdo).
Firstly, my parents, for their support and ongoing patience. Secondly, my editor and quartermaster, Rebecca, who I fervently wish I’d had from the beginning. She has been amazing, working tirelessly to help make these books the best they can be, line by line. I could not value her more.
Lastly – and this may seem egotistical – but I also want to thank myself. I am rarely kind to myself, so I hope this indulgence can be forgiven. Thank you, me. Thank you for always bouncing back, for getting up each day even when you don’t want to, so that India and his friends could continue to have their adventures.
Because there are so many more adventures to have, and so much more world to explore.
Stay on board, matey, and let’s explore it together.

Set Sytes
York, England
October 2021


  
About the Author


Set Sytes was born in the misty, Arthurian woods of England and was raised by bears. He never grew up, meaning that his ambition is still to become Emperor of the Known Universe (to start with). When he’s not spending his time plotting how best to achieve this and more, he is composing stories – warnings of sorts, as to what we might expect when he finally succeeds in breaking down the barriers between worlds.

Set has authored many stories of darkness and weirdness and flights of fancy, including the adult sci-fi/fantasy The Fifth Place series, the pirate fantasy India Bones series, the twisted dystopian thriller Moral Zero, and the fantasy/horror short story collections of Faces in the Dark and Born to be Weird. He is also the author of the non-fiction anti-depression handbook How Not to Kill Yourself: A Survival Guide for Imaginative Pessimists.

For updates on his books (and assorted other weirdness), you can follow Set Sytes on Twitter @setsytes
For something more in-depth, you can also drop by his website:
www.setyoursytes.com

If you liked this book, please consider leaving a review!

