Infinite Fate
Rachel Lenna

Published by Rachel Lenna at Smashwords
Copyright Rachel Lenna 2014



Smashwords Edition Licence Notes

This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

All characters, places and stories in this eBook are a work of fiction. Any similarities to any persons living or deceased or actual places inside or outside this book is pure coincidence and not intentional.

This eBook is interactive with most eBook compatible devices.


To all who need a few hours of time out… Join me in a world that is both crazy and wildly exciting and as for from reality as humanly possible. This is for you.

Infinite
Adjective;
Limitless or endless in space, extent or size; impossible to measure of calculate. Forever.

Fate
Noun;
The development of events outside a person's control, regarded as predetermined by a supernatural power.


About the Book
She is average, calm and keeps to herself... He is popular, hot and has a deep dark secret... She likes the quiet simple life while he is chasing a past demon around the globe… By all rights their worlds shouldn’t collide… But they do. Their fate says so.
So when she is attacked in the middle of the night by dark and evil forces the resulting consequences seal it permanently... He will help her overcome her fear while She learns there's far more to her – and the world – then she ever thought possible...

Savannah Greene;
I’m just an average girl going to college and doing average girl things. Then I have to go and bump into the new hot guy in school. He’s everything every girl dreams of and more and even I think I have a little crush on him…
But meeting him, that one chance moment where I be ballsy enough to actually speak to a guy and move out of my comfort zone sets off a chain of events that will forever change my life, will forever keep me from being average ever again and will most certainly change my view of the world and what it is forever…
Who would have known, thought even, that such things like that even existed?…

Dominic Lincoln;
I’m unfortunately stuck in a time that is not my own, chasing a guy who was supposed to be one of my own... then She steps in front of me and everything changes… it’s almost like a movie, it doesn’t feel real to me and I am a surreal kind of creature!
A chance meeting or infinite fate? Whatever the reason my life is forever altered and when a dark and evil force threatens to change it all once again I set out on a mission to stop him before it becomes the point of no return and to seek revenge for those who have been lost in a war I should have seen coming…



Table of Contents

About the book
Dominic – Oh did I forget to mention that?
Savannah – I always pick the crazies.
Dominic – Says the boy who looks more jock than not!
Savannah – So how do I look?
Dominic – But good creepy right?
Savannah – Why would he do that?
Dominic – A minion of Zeke’s…
Savannah – There’s nowhere to go little one.
Dominic – I’m so sorry. You’re meant to have a choice.
Savannah – Make it stop! Make it stop!
Dominic – Don’t Savannah me you two timing twat!
Dominic – I can do this. Totally. Easy peasy. Yep. Totally!
Savannah – I’m dreaming, I have to be dreaming… Right?
Dominic – It happens when you have to much.
Savannah – Are you asleep?
Dominic – Maybe I didn’t want to see it.
Savannah – They smell so good.
Dominic – Today is Sunday yes?
Savannah – Savannah no disrespect but I don’t really want to talk about it.
Dominic – You know it was me?
Savannah – Savannah concentrate. Don’t be a chicken.
Dominic – Talk or I punch.
Savannah – I am a big girl. Put me down.
Dominic – I'm like you remember? You made me this.
Meanwhile…
Destiny Awaits...  Book Two.



Infinite Fate
The Eternal Prophecy Series

Dominic
“Oh no! It’s getting away!”
“Dude you got to be kidding right? There’s no way we gonna get it now.”
“It’s not getting away I got it!”
“Not if I get it first!”
“Dom you know you will never beat me right?”
“I can try.” I say sprinting as fast I can towards the falling football. My friend Samuel Marley grins at me as he effortlessly out runs me. He is like a little pocket rocket that kid. Five foot ten of lean muscle that can out run every single person I know. He catches the ball mid jump, rolls with the momentum and is up and moving again before I have even taken two steps.
“Quick little bastard.” I mumble begrudgingly as I watch him charge down the field scoring a goal unopposed.
“We never stand a chance with him playing.” My other friend Tyson Thomas agrees with a grumble as we skid to a stop to watch Sam reach the goal posts before we are even half way across the field. We know once he has the ball there is no point. “Why do we even bother?”
“Not a friggin clue.” I reply. I watch Sam do a happy dance, openly mocking us before he trips and falls head first into a mud puddle. Tyson and I both laugh uncontrollably as Sam picks himself up, his attempts at brushing the mud off only make it worse so he shrugs at us looking a little sheepish.
“Karma.” Tyson goads. “Gotta love karma.”
“Mmmhmm.” I agree nodding.
“It’s fun to watch.” Tyson grins at Sam when he almost falls again.
“One day.” I vow, unwilling to give in to defeat. “One day I will catch him. One day I will beat him. One day.”
“Yeah okay.” Tyson just rolls his eyes at me. He thinks it’s not possible. But I'm special. I'm determined. One day I will. I know it. The only problem is no one else does. Everyone forgets Sam is a cocky kid and one day he will slip. Until then I will be waiting!
Sam jogs back over to us still trying to hide a grin but failing miserably. Clearly the fall in the mud and the fact he is covered now from head to foot in only God knows what hasn’t dented his ego in the slightest. “Dude you know you’re covered in mud right?” I laugh at him.
“A little mud is good for the complexion.” He says strutting like a peacock.
“A little humility is good for the soul.”
“True, but we apparently don’t have one of those.” He replies.
“Just a technicality.” I counter. “Besides we know that we do.”
Tyson sighs as he says “Let’s not start it again boys okay?” He frowns at us while picking up his backpack. 
“Start what?” Sam and I both say in unison, highly innocent looks on our faces.
“You know damn well what.” Tyson rolls his eyes, not at all fooled by our angelic faces.
“I can’t help it if Sam needs to be brought down a peg or two.” I grin at Sam, nudging him hard in the shoulder. I send him flying but he recovers quickly.
“Yeah yeah.” Sam grins even more, shoving me back. “You’re just a sore loser. Can’t hack it that I win all the time and you suck at something.”
“You have an unfair advantage.” I point out and Tyson nods in agreement.
“You could too if you chose to use it.” Sam counters picking up his own bag and slinging it over his shoulder lazily.
“I don’t cheat.” I huff, pouting.
“Well that’s why you’re you and I’m… well not.” Sam grins at me again. He enjoys pushing my buttons. If I didn’t think of him as family I would have decked him several times already.
“Guys we are gonna have to get to class soon, so kiss and make up already.”
“No need to.” I say slinging an arm over Sam’s shoulder.
“Nah.” Sam agrees, play punching me in the stomach. “We feel the love.”
“Totally.” I agree. “You’re just lucky you’re family!”
“Well who else do you have? We are the only ones who will put up with you!” Sam goads and then freezes, instantly regretting it. Sam often puts his foot in his mouth and this time he wedges it in there real good.
I freeze too but for an entirely different reason. Becoming still as a statue as memories, horrible, nasty memories, all come flooding back to me. The burning, the screams, the looks of horror and the betrayal. Oh wow the betrayal. It happened years ago but it still feels like yesterday.
“Dude I’m sorry.” Sam says, all humour and joy gone from him.
“Dominic?” Tyson waves his hand in front of my face but I am too busy reliving memories to pay him any attention. “Dominic snap out of it now!”
“You need to make peace with it dude.” Tyson adds laying a hand gently on my arm.
“I can’t.” I shake my head clear of the fog. “I can’t until justice has been done. I owe it to them.” I hate being reminded of how much of a failure I am. I let my friends down – my family down. Six years ago three of my best friends were all murdered and for three years afterwards I chased the reason they died all around the globe. Always coming close but never quite catching him. I was determined – am determined to seek justice for them.
Six months into my hunt for him I met back up with Tyson and Sam, they too, both running from their own demons. It had been awhile since we had seen each other, years even, and it was like fate had brought them to me when I needed them most.
They just saw the state I was in and knew without having to even ask that I would need them. When they chose to help me everything got a little easier, a little less lonely. I will always be forever grateful to them.
The boys threw themselves into helping me and relentlessly the three of us followed the murderer around and around but we always missed him, sometimes by mere minutes. One time we were getting so close we were just metres from him when all of a sudden he just disappeared and it just stopped. The chasing, the hunting, the trail. It all just stopped. Went ice cold. It’s like he vanished into thin air, no matter where we looked – and we looked everywhere. For two years.
“We haven’t had any action in three years.” Sam reminds me out loud, patting me on the back. “I know you want to avenge them but there’s no point chasing your tail constantly. You will drive yourself nuts! In the meantime we are here now.” He gestures around the field we are in and Tyson nods in agreement. “College is meant to be fun. Relax for a little while.”
“How can I relax? I feel I should be doing something.” I say with raw pain emotions. “I can’t just sit around doing nothing.”
“You’re not doing nothing.” Sam says just as a girl screams his name. He looks up and grins at her. She is waving frantically trying to get his attention. Her boobs practically falling out of the barely there top she is wearing. To be honest it's kind of hard not to stare. “You’re in college, doing a degree you said you always wanted to do. You know he will come if he thinks you have given up. We know he wants you too. He won’t be able to help himself. So just have some fun while we wait and let him come to us for a change.”  He grins, clearly distracted by boob girl. She waves at him again and he turns to shrug at me before taking off, a brief wave over his shoulder his only parting acknowledgement.
“Dom, Sam’s right.” Tyson says, flanking me watching him practically make out with the girl in the middle of the field. “His need to be top dog will eventually get the better of him. He knows while you’re still around he won’t ever be. He will come.”
“But why has he waited so long?” I demand.
“Three years really isn’t that long when you think about it bro.” Tyson gives me a look. Daring me to argue. I know he’s right, three years is nothing, barely a blip on our radar but when you want to avenge someone a day feels like a year let alone three years’ worth of days!
“What’s he doing but? Shouldn’t we be trying to find out?” I say instead of trying to argue. I know how difficult I am sometimes and how much Tyson and Sam have wanted this. To be normal college kids. Doing normal college kid stuff.
“You said so yourself just yesterday, he has cleaned up his trail.”
“But why can’t I see him?” I demand. “I can’t see him anymore. I can see everyone. I used to be able to see him but not anymore. Not for three years.”
“I don’t know.” Tyson answers truthfully after a moment. “But he really will come. So for now let’s be college students. Pretend we don’t have a clue about what the teachers are on about and enjoy life for a change. It’s time to have some fun. I gonna jet okay?” Tyson pats me on the back and then walks off in his own direction too without waiting for my response.
The guy is big, even bigger than me – and I’m six foot two – so draws attention wherever he goes. He is quickly surrounded by his – as Sam and I have called them – College Groupies and disappears into the crowd.
Where Sam is quite open to flirting and girls love him just as much as he loves them, Tyson is more the silent brooding type. He prefers to keep to himself, being picky in who he chooses to date. This of course makes the girls all love him even more, because they want to be the one to break him.
“I can’t have fun.” I grumble to myself. “It’s my job to fix it. They don’t understand.” I shudder as the memories come pouring back to me, as clear now as they were back then.
There were the five of us. Abraham, Brey, Censon and after a while Zeke. They were my family. All of us had come from various backgrounds to form together. Some had lost there families, others had just wandered away one day to never return because things happened to them that were beyond their control. We all had our own story and we were all looking for something. Feeling like lost creatures who were all roaming the Earth aimlessly guided by something pulling us to the same spot for that one moment where we had to come together.
I know something drove us all to be at the exact same spot at the exact same time. It wasn’t by chance it happened. It was like it was by necessity. Our higher power guiding us to take charge. My kind were getting unruly, there were many individuals who were doing silly crazy things and causing a scene that was frowned upon.
Whispers were starting amongst humans and we were on the verge of being exposed. I can still hear the whispers and smell the fear as if it were happening right now – one of the down sides to having a photographic memory – you remember everything, in vivid detail.
 “Animals! Animals are killing off our men!”
“There’s creatures… they bite your neck and drain you of blood”
“They come out at night and hunt us down!”
“Lock your doors! Put garlic up everywhere! Crosses too!”
I sigh as the feelings of sympathy and regret for those poor measly humans resurfaces. That’s the problem with being an immortal vampire…
Oh yeah did I forget to mention that? Sorry about that. I am in fact a vampire. Creature of the night. Human killer, part of the undead, blood drinker… you know all that and more…
Well not really the human killer and I can walk out in sunlight like anyone else can, but vampire is true enough. Four hundred and sixty six years’ worth of vampire to be exact. I know right? It’s a lot of vampireness.
And as a vamp you have a lot of memories that you don’t ever forget. Ever. You don’t even sleep so you can’t get away from them either. It takes a great deal of will power and dedication to supress the thoughts, memories and feelings but they don’t ever go away completely. Not until you are able to make some type of peace with them.
For me, killing Zeke because he killed my three other brothers out of pure greed and selfishness has been my number one goal for six years. That won’t change until my goal is complete. It will be my peace, knowing I avenged my immortal brothers.
Abraham, Brey, Censon Zeke and I all formed what is called “The Pures” about three hundred and fifty years ago. The rouge vampires around the world needed to be terminated so the humans would feel safe and become ignorant of us again. We vampires were becoming to reckless and turning anyone and everyone that suited us whenever we pleased without any regard to the consequences. Somehow the powers above decided that it needed to be stopped and that’s when we five were brought together.
We knew once it all stopped the stories would die down eventually to become just legends and the humans would all continue living on in their frumpy dumpy lives being like little ants and sheep.
We were merciless, killing any and all who did not know how to behave in the unspoken laws of being a vampire. We actually put written rules in place so there was never to be any more confusion and we restored order quickly and swiftly. We were invincible, like being together made us even stronger. It took a good solid year to eradicate all who were deemed bad seeds. But we did it.
Now there are strict rules on wanting to turn a human. Every vampire that is created – or reborn as we ourselves say – gets turned into the ultimate predator. With that comes a great responsibility not to abuse it.
All of us, every single one, are given two supernatural powers too. One that is bitten into us from our creator, and the other that was always in us as a human, but just never would eventuate into anything more while we were so fragile in mind and body.
I got the gift of seeing Aura’s given to me by my creator. I don’t know who he was, he never even stayed around to help me like a creator is supposed to do to their reborn. Seeing auras means I can tell everything about a person even when they don’t say it. Their colours change and give away more than their mouths do. Through the years I have learnt to turn it on and off.
But my own, very personal gift, the one that is the reason I haven’t created anyone myself, is because I can see the subjective future of almost every living creature on the planet. It is a powerful gift, capable of doing a lot of good or a lot of bad depending on how the bearer chooses to use it. Knowing this I vowed to never bite another.
A power like mine in the possession of the wrong vampire could be disastrous and any human I bit would get it. We get given our creators own personal power. Not the one they were given by their creator. That means I would give the gift of seeing the future to any human I bite.
My powers are not selective. I can see everyone’s future, read everyone’s mind – human and vampire. There was only ever been one exception. Abraham. He was what we call a shield. Given the gift of deflecting all other gifts. It is one of the most powerful out there.
I tried to break it, believe me I tried. At first because I did not like the fact that I had found someone better than me and then it was because we knew we needed to know how strong it was. He always won. I was both elated and disappointed at that.
“I will avenge you all.” I murmur looking up to the sky, feeling very sad and heavy now. “I will make it right, I won’t let him win I promise!”
“You know talking to yourself is the first sign of insanity.” A young feminine voice says behind me mockingly. 
I spin around ready to scare her into silence for interrupting my moment when I get the shock of my life. A tall beautiful vision stands before me. She has long jet black hair set against a dark olive complexion and eyes as blue as the sky. She looks athletic but her curves are in all the right places and I almost drool.
She is standing there looking from me to the floor and back again. Her aura is telling me she is nervous, but hopeful and her body language says she is scared but determined, what about I have no idea. I don’t even have a chance to look into her future as I am to distracted to think of it.
“Isn’t it if you answer your own question that’s the first sign?” Comes out of my mouth before I can even think. What the hell? Where did that come from? I frown. I want to impress this girl. I don’t know why, I don’t know where the feeling has come from but I want to. Like really, really bad.
She grins at me, relaxing a little and I feel like doing a happy dance. Gut instinct tells me that she doesn’t relax around strangers often, if anything it is very hard for her to do. “Possibly, but then I would have to admit a few things I am not ready for yet.” She replies boldly, hugging her books closer to her chest in an unconscious action. She doesn’t realise that she should be scared of me but her body does.
Human’s natural instincts towards us are to be cautious. Their subconscious minds are letting them know that we are dangerous and could harm them in an instant. Of course since Brey, Censon, Abraham – Zeke too if I am to be completely honest, before he went feral – and I got all the rouges under control very rarely do we cause a blip on any human’s radar. They just naturally are intimidated by us.
Because of this we have become crazy stories that the movies create and dramatize about. We have been made into evil vile monsters that suck the life out of humans and slaughter anything and everything we see with a pulse.
This is not completely true. We are actually quite peaceful and don’t get burnt to a crisp by the sun either. That seems to be a really big thing the movies like to do. Blow us up in sunlight.
We actually absorb the sun’s heat and feel lukewarm to a human’s touch. I don’t know why we heat up but we do. I suppose the plus is that it’s a good way to blend in and remain undetected.
“You’re too beautiful to be crazy.” I say without thinking. Good brain to mouth filtering system Dominic! I grin at her stupidly, trying to brush it off when her aura turns bright pink and she hides behind her hair. I actually stop walking to admire just how adorable she is. For whatever reason this human has me gushing like it’s my first crush… I am a guy, a big, muscly, manly guy who feels like he’s just fallen flat on his face and I want to give this girl the world because of it. What's going on up there dude?
“Now now.” She says shaking her finger at me. “Flattery gets you nowhere.” Although her aura tells me a different story I let her play her game with me.
“Shouldn’t it be flattery gets me everywhere?” I Cheshire cat grin at her. Dude what the hell are you doing? Since when do you have time for humans? I don’t. I chose to stay with my own kind, content on capturing and killing Zeke until Sam and Tyson convinced me to live a little. And to do that they told me I actually had to spend time with the living.
I met Sam about fifty years after I became a Pure. He was a soldier in an army that was going to be slaughtered but fought on until, the very end. He gave up his own life to save a young woman and child from being hurt by a sick in the head soldier whose aura told me he was going to do horrible things to her and then the child.
Knowing such nobility is rare so feeling it needed to be rewarded I looked ahead to Sam’s future. I wanted to see what would happen if I were to turn him. I have always believed that courage like that should not go unnoticed and once I knew that he would always be an awesome friend his fate was sealed.
I asked him of course but he was so far gone he didn’t even understand what was going on. I made his decision for him. Loyal, courageous and totally the right character to become a great vampire meant I told Zeke to turn him while I saved the sick twisted guy to be his first meal.
As full, fully fed vampires we can be quite calm and civil around humans, even mingling with them like Sam, Tyson and I are now at Cookie College – this was Sam’s idea to loosen us up a bit and have some fun after the last six years – the lady and daughter Sam saved as a human were forever grateful that even though they though he was dead they became great advocates for the rights of women. Never once wavering on their beliefs and always seeing Sam as a hero. All because of that one moment where he chose to save them and so I chose to save him.
Sam was shot in the back while he fought the guy and knew he was dying. Zeke didn’t hesitate back then, we trusted each other. He knew if I said something there was a reason for it. He bit Sam and now, over three hundred and something years later here we are.
“Not with this girl.” The girl shakes her head, her scent snapping me out of my thoughts. She looks as if she is trying to convince herself too. She is oblivious to my thoughts, sometimes I forget humans are so slow. “Nuh uh no way.” She has no clue I have been day dreaming. Vampire thoughts move a lot faster than humans can even dream of. For her it has only been a second but me it has been hundreds of years’ worth of memories rolling through my mind like a movie. I shake off the cloudy fog and concentrate on her, ignoring her scent.
“Me thinks thou protest too much.” I say grinning at her.
Her jaw drops open and I have to use all myself control not to laugh at her shocked expression. She clearly wasn’t expecting me to call her on her lie. Her aura is embarrassed now and she's gone bright red. “You’re adorable!” I can’t help but touch her.
I gently move a lock of hair away from her face. And take a breath in as a sharp sizzle spreads over me. Her eyes grow wide with shock as her scent smacks me in the face hard again. A mixture of wild flowers and vanilla making my mouth water and the inner beast in me spark to life. I have neglected him to long. I need to go.
“I need to go. I have to get away from you.” I say a little too harshly, instantly regretting it as her face falls flat. I yank my hand back and move away. I feel the battle between beast and saint roaring through me. “I need to go.” I repeat but stand there staring at her helplessly. I try to see into her future, see if there is anywhere I can repair the first impression but realise with a start that I can only see up until the dance at the College tomorrow night.
Not good! Knowing that when I can only see to a certain point and absolutely nothing will move forward beyond that last moment something major is going to happen to the person and they have no control over it at all. All their paths are taking them to that point. No! I just met her. She makes me feel alive. I will protect her.
The light and joy in her face is instantly gone, in its place is a woman who is not happy. “Typical.” She mutters as she walks off without another word to me. “I always pick the crazies.”
I look at her retreating back silently agreeing with her. I am crazy – crazy that stupid me didn’t realise I had just met my Eternal Mate.
Wait seriously? I have just met my Eternal Mate? Oh. My. God! It didn’t even occur to me until the thought of losing her after only just meeting her has me going all territorial on her innocent ass. 
They say when you meet your eternal mate and make eye contact that’s it, you’re a goner. Just that one look or whatever they become your priority. So this is what it feels like? I like it! I frown as all these feelings and emotions come filtering through me. I allow myself to feel the warm buzz until I jolt with a start, realising that she must be in some kind of danger since I can’t see beyond the party tomorrow night.
“The danger must be at the party.” I mumble to myself, still standing in the middle of the field. “I will have to go to protect her.” She doesn’t need to know that I will keep an eye on her from now until then either, after all its only two days… what could possibly happen in two days?

Savannah

“Why do all the hot ones always have to be so stupid or crazy?” I complain to my best friend in the whole wide world, Sophie Timmons as I throw my books down on the desk in the small auditorium and plonk myself roughly into the seat next to her.
The Cookie College of Technological Studies is, even though the name sounds like something you eat instead of study at, the highest quality, highly advanced technology educational facility this far north of the country.
The teachers are absolute experts of their fields and highly sort after, often being offered hundreds of thousands of dollars to move away from here. But they don’t. They all choose to stay here. Giving us a wealth of knowledge and the college as a whole one of the best academic scoring records in the world.
That means that people from anywhere and everywhere want to study here and Mount Cookie, the city, in the last twenty odd years has become a booming economy. Once a quaint little town of five thousand with a beautiful Mountain that looks like a chocolate chip cookie is resting on it, has now become a small city of about twenty five thousand.
Families moving here for the school and somewhat country bumpkin lifestyle have brought other family members who then brought even more family members. People from overseas have shipped entire businesses here just so their children can go to the school. A place they can bring them up in relative safety without worrying about what’s around the next corner.
For myself I was given a scholarship here. I lost my family in a car accident when I was fourteen and have been in foster care ever since with a lovely lady named Nancy. She has cared for me very well, I was lucky to get her. When I turned eighteen the college took over my care with the scholarship. Nancy and I talk sometimes but she has her hands full with new kids and is so busy.
“Because then life would be too easy.” Sophie replies automatically, shaking me out of my thoughts. We have this conversation every time a hot guy starts taking to me and then does something royally stupid. Like flirt with me and then run the other way faster than the speed of sound. Or turn out to be an alcoholic or something. I seem to attract the funky ones without even trying.
Yes okay I approached this one but how could I not? He’s hot, new and talking to himself. That’s a sign he’s human and not perfect. Six foot something of solid chunky muscle with bright green eyes and hair the same dark as night colour mine is. He has Ryan Goslings body on a young Brad Pitt’s head. I giggle to myself. Yum yum!
“Ahh-hmm!” I return non-committedly when Sophie raises an eyebrow at me. She gives me the I-been-busted-day-dreaming-about Hot-Boy-and-the-washboard-abs-look. The guy is stunning so I can’t help it – and I wouldn’t be the only one either.
I know this much though, since I haven’t seen him around and I have been at Cookie College for two years now he’s really new. This is the start of my third. So that means he is either a real newbie or has transferred from another college making him a prime target for all the girls. I know he won’t go for someone like me, no one rarely does, but a girl can dream. “But that just sucks. Life should be easy.” I mumble.
“True.” Sophie agrees pulling out her lip gloss and pocket mirror, before puckering up. “But we are twenty something’s – early twenty something’s might I add. We shouldn’t be settling down, we should be having fun. That’s an easy life. Not your monogamous wait for Mr Prince Charming mumbo jumbo.”
I roll my eyes at her. Her version of fun and my version of fun are two very different things. She flirts with boys easily, has killer looks with her bright blonde hair, big boobs and tiny body. Then there’s me. Taller than most boys with hair as black as night, curves and deep tanned skin that requires no sun to keep it that way. “Boys fall at your feet.” I remind her. “You can say that and get away with it.”
“Boys would fall at your feet too honey.” Sophie smacks her lips together, checks herself out again while fluffing up her hair and then puts the mirror away. “You just gotta stop rejecting them all.” 
“But I…” I start but Sophie cuts me off.
“Savannah Mills I love you.” She says holding up a finger to stop me talking. “But you’re a prude. You just need to loosen up a bit and you will see they aren’t that scary. Then they will see you’re not that scary back.”
“I’m not a pru… Oh my god there he is!” I gasp and grab her arm. I watch as Hot Boy enters the room. The noise level goes up an octave as all the other females notice him too. There is almost an excited buzz in the air. The whispers are all asking each other who he is and if he’s single.
I really do stand no chance with him. I concede realising my attempt at ‘getting a life’ Sophie’s way is nothing but a humiliation moment waiting to happen that I wouldn’t be able to live down any time soon if it were to happen. I was right to storm off on him. Saving face that way is better than having egg on it. The guy probably thinks I’m a silly little nerd who is way out of her depth.
He would be right.
I watch quietly out of the corner of my eye as a swarm of women surround him simultaneously. He shake’s them all off him gently but firmly in seconds before choosing to walk by himself to a seat near the back row. He plonks himself in between two guys who both look green with envy and shock at how blazay he’s being. Oh my god it’s even worse than I thought! He’s gay! Oh that’s so bad I hit on a gay guy! I so suck at this, even my gay-dar has let me down! He has his eyes down cast and doesn’t speak to anyone else, instead shrugging them off as quickly as possible.
“That is the stupid one?” I hear Sophie scoff and drool at practically the same time.
“Yes.” I answer simply and if I am honest, a little jealously. She always gets the boys and for some reason I don’t want her anywhere near this one. Part of me wants to scream ‘back of he’s mine! I found him first’. But if he is gay and has any possibility of going straight Sophie will be the one to make that happen.
“Oh my. Who knew you had such good taste in you.” Sophie’s eyes glow and I know that look well. She's found her next victim. “I’ll be right back.” She whispers and is up and out of her seat before I can even respond. She is up and out of her seat and moving so fast to the back row I don’t think I should blink.
“It’s not fair.” I mumble to no one in particular, watching her stalk towards him. “I saw him first.” I watch her engage him in conversation and at first he seems hesitant to talk to her but then as she points up towards where I am sitting, he and I make eye contact. His face changes from complete disinterest to a look I do not know. I shudder in fear. Or is it Anticipation? Embarrassment? As he looks so intensely at me that I start to wonder whether or not he is boring holes right through me.
I break the eye contact a moment later, unable to take it anymore. No, most definitely not gay! Thank god the gaydar is still working! I smile, then frown. But then that means I’m back to him being totally out of my league. He says something to Sophie as I feel a body sit next to me again. I jump, not expecting it and turn to face my neighbour.
“Hey.” A deep voice murmurs right next to my ear. I jump again at how close he is while a guy with wild looking black eyes is grinning at me. They are almost as black as night. He gives me a creepy vibe instantly.
“Uh hi.” I return uneasily, leaning back so we have some distance. “That’s my friend’s seat.”
“Oh no that’s okay.” He says leaning in close again. “I’m not staying. I just want to introduce myself. I’m Zeke.”
“Hi Zeke.”
“And you are?”
“Savannah.” I start looking for Sophie as she and the guy are staring at me now. She curious and if I am not mistaken he looks like he is furious.
“Well Savannah, I must say you are absolutely stunning. I’m surprised you have been left here on your own.” I turn my attention back to the guy, feeling very uncomfortable. He clearly doesn’t know anything about personal boundaries or doesn’t care, as he starts playing with my hair.
“Umm…” I pull back, trying to get him to release my hair. It doesn’t work. I fake a move that I want to twirl my hair, pulling it out of his grasp and as I touch his skin it feels ice cold. I gasp and look at him stunned when another body sits down on the other side of me.
“Sav this is Dominic Lincoln.” Sophie says plonking him down, she eyes Zeke suspiciously. Dominic and Zeke both look at each other over my head and I almost feel the tension squash me. It’s like two cavemen arguing over who gets the last scrap of meat. I think someone growls. My head yo-yo’s back and forth between the two as they sit there silently eyeing the other off. “Dominic meet Savannah Mills.”
“Hey.” He smiles at me sideways, his eyes never leaving Zeke’s.
“Been a long time Dom hey?” Zeke grins at him finally those black eyes almost look like they are twinkling with delight.
I look to Dominic who looks like he wants to kill Zeke. “Why don’t you and me step outside and get reacquainted.” Dominic all but spits at him confirming my thoughts that these two know each other well, and not on a friendly basis either. “I will show you just how long it’s been.”
“Now why would I do that?” Zeke says placing his hand on mine. I suck in a breath again at the icy coldness of his hand. My skin feels like its burning under his touch. “I just met my new friend here, Savannah. She and I were just getting acquainted.”
“We were?” I squawk at the same time Dominic and Sophie both say. “Doubt it.”
“Aww come on little Sav,” Zeke grins at me and brushes some hair off my face. I jump at his cold touch. It’s the middle of summer, how can he be so cold? “We were just getting to know each other weren’t we?”
“Yes.” I reply automatically feeling decidedly uncomfortable. I look to Sophie for help and even she seems a bit confused.
“You and I can always meet up after class right Savannah?” He prompts when I say nothing further.
“Stay away from her.” Dominic all but growls before I can answer. I frown at him.
“I am a big girl crazy one.” I hiss at him. “I can answer for myself thank you.”
“You shouldn’t hang out with this guy,” Dominic says completely ignoring me, his facial expression stone cold. “He’s bad news.”
“Isn’t it up to the pretty lady to decide Dom?” Zeke says squeezing my hand and I yank it away. I get up and grab Sophie by the hand instead, hauling her behind me while trying to get past them.
“You two can have these seats. Sophie and I will move.” I say trying to get past Zeke who has shifted in his seat to block our path. He grins at me. Before moving his leg after I stop.
“That’s not necessary babe.” He says getting up. “I was just introducing myself. I will leave now, no need to be frightened of me. I’m a big teddy. Maybe you and I can go have a coffee some other time and you can see that for yourself?”
“Um…”
“Don’t do it Savannah.” Dominic says, he looks like a tiger ready to pounce. The veins in his neck look like they are about to pop.
“Don’t listen to ole Dominic here sweetheart.” Zeke goads, “He just gets a bit cranky when he doesn’t get his way is all.” He grins at Dominic who I know this time definitely growls loud.
“Sure.” I smile at him. “I can see that your right.” I say just trying to get him away from me, willing to say anything to make that happen.
“So we will have coffee soon then?”
“Sure.” I repeat, pasting a smile on my face.
“Great little one. Look forward to it. Enjoy your day ladies.” Zeke tips his head to Sophie and I, then stalks away without another word or backward glance. I watch him go all the way until he is out of sight just to make sure he leaves.
“Well that was awkward hey?” Sophie says to no one in particular as she plonks back into the seat Zeke has vacated. “He's a creeper. You really can attract them can’t you Sav? So anyways, Dominic this is my favourite girl in the world Savannah, or Sav as I call her. Savannah this is Dominic our new best friend.”
“Hi.” He says quietly giving me a wave. He is still watching the doors Zeke left from. I wonder what happened between them?
“Ehh.” I reply with a shrug.
“Savannah Mills don’t be rude.” Sophie scolds me.
“He’s crazy,” I stage whisper to her, not at all caring he can hear me. “And look at that other thing he hung out with. Like hangs with like apparently.”
Sophie stares at me speechless, something that is extremely rare.
Dominic chuckles to himself. I think he mutters. “Little spitfire, you are aren’t you? Makes sense.” He adds under his breath which only helps the crazy theory.
“Savannah don’t you dare judge.” Sophie snaps. “You’re better than that and you know it. Every girl in this damn class wants him and to kill us cos he’s here so the least you can do is say be nice before we’re killed by the hordes of horny jealous girls because Dominic wants to talk to you.”
I look at her and blink. She has the don’t-mess-with-me look on and I know I have lost. “Fine.” I pout, turning towards him. “Hi.” I huff before deliberately showing him my back. 
“Sav?” Sophie pulls me back around. “Dominic’s new here. You can do better than that. I thought he might like some company.” She gestures with her head between he and I and gives me a thumbs up over his head.
“That’s great of you Sophie.” I say deliberately looking around her to him. I give him a look of disgust and he just grins at me. Jerk. “Maybe you can show him all the great hang out spots.”
“Or maybe you can instead.” Dominic says at the same time Sophie says “No you can.” They both look at each other and Sophie lets a triumphant grin spread across her face. Oh oh. That look is never good for me.
“Well then.” She says gathering her stuff. “Two’s company and threes a crowd and all that so I’m gonna go sit with ma boy George over there.” She gestures to some random guy who keeps looking up here adoringly at her. “You two have fun. Yo George clear me a seat will you?” She calls over my head to him and he grins ear to ear, obediently moving stuff out of the way on the seat next to him.
“Soph!” I gasp, grabbing her hand. I try to beg her not to leave with my eyes but she only pauses and turns back around to face Dominic.
“Oh yeah and by the way,” She says as if the light bulb went on. She gets all up in his face. He seems a little flustered as a look of concern enters his eyes. He has no idea about Tornado Sophie. He’s just lucky it’s just his personal space that has been invaded and not physical body parts. She reminds me of something just short of the Crazy Cat Lady. “I am a black belt in karate. Mess with her and your testicles will end up on your head, while your feet end up in your nostrils and hands up your…”
“I get it!” Dominic says hurriedly, cutting her off and raising his hands in surrender. “I get it.” He repeats when she raises an eyebrow.
“Good.” She Cheshire cat grins at him, then me before turning around sashaying off like the queen she thinks she is.
I call her back but she walks away without a backwards glance, totally ignoring my almost whine like whisper of “Don’t leave me with the crazy!”
I sit back into my chair and sigh. I hate it when she manipulates me like this. I refuse to look at Dominic who is just sitting there, still as statue. The lecturer, Mr Adam Barton, chooses this moment to walk into the room, he looks up in our direction and looking right at me. It feels like it’s right through me. I freeze, unsure, but he says nothing and a moment later is writing things on the board behind him. Grateful I slouch over in my seat, trying to be invisible.
“Morning people.” He says loudly, placing all his notes and folders neatly on the desk in front of him. “Welcome to Chemistry 101 the only class this semester that you’re allowed to blow thi…”
“I’m sorry about Zeke.” Dominic whispers to me, distracting me. He leans in and I feel his closeness send goose bumps up my arms. He seems oblivious but, so I stay statue still, hoping he won’t notice.
“Oh it’s okay.” I respond politely. “He seems… intense but.” I’m being polite dude, the guys a whacko!
“He’s not a nice guy.” Dominic says as if I am clueless to this fact. Ah der Fred! A girl has radars and mine is saying Zeke is psycho. Dominic on the other hand… is crazy okay?
“Why not?” I ask curiosity getting the better of me. I just want him to keep talking to me to keep my mind off the fact that I feel eyes on us, knowing I am dying a slow painful death by eye dagger while they alternate between me and undressing Dominic with their eyes.
“He’s a bad man.” Dominic answers. He looks so serious I almost laugh at him. “Very bad.”
“Why do you say that?”
“He’s done some horrible things.” Dominic frowns at me then looks towards the door that Zeke exited from. “Things that he needs to be brought to justice for.”
“Okay then?” I say, unsure again. “What’s that got to do with me but?”
“Nothing.” Dominic says quickly. “But you shouldn’t hang out with him because he's dangerous.”
“And you’re not?” I question with an eyebrow raised. “You hung out with him. You seem to know what he’s done. Does that mean you’re dangerous too?”
“No of course not.”
“So just Zeke is?” I raise an eyebrow.
“Yeah,” Dominic concedes and I am surprised he admitted it. “He was part of my family, which is why you should believe me when I say he’s bad news.”
“But you’re not?”
“No.” He shakes his head forcefully. “I promise I’m not.”
“And I’m meant to just believe you?” I ask, I know I’m looking at him like he’s fifty shades of crazy, but he is. “I don’t even know you.”

Dominic

But you will.
I’m just a boy, who likes you… a lot… I will her to understand. Oh and I know it sounds crazy and everything but I’m a vampire and when you’re a vampire you have what’s called an Eternal Mate. It’s where we are meant to be forever. Oh and I have only been waiting four hundred and sixty six years old to meet you. No biggie. I look at her. Wait what?
We don’t choose our Eternal Mates, fate sets it for us. Infinitely. Some life times we miss each other others we get it right but seeing as I am immortal I could wait without worrying. It all makes sense now why I reacted to her the way I did. My body knew who she was before my head caught up.
But this isn’t how it’s meant to be. I really wanted to court her and treat her like a lady and woo her with flowers and chocolates and all things romantic. Take our time and go slow, let her get to know me as the human she thinks I am but the fact I cannot see past tomorrow night with her frightens me.
I can’t even see where her life altering moment happens I only see the dance. I see her going to the dance no matter what I try to do to convince her not to go even when I tried to use Sophie as the deterrent she makes matters worse as she repeatedly reminds Savannah she should do more fun things more often. Then nothing. I can’t even make it happen. I’ve tried. What’s the point of being a vampire with super powers if they don’t even work when you need them to!
“You’re a what?” She says frowning.
Oh shit! Did I say that out loud? “What?” I ask innocently.
She studies me a moment, frowning deeply and I want to kick myself. Talk about stupid Dominic! “I must be hearing things.” She mutters a moment later, shaking her head and I breathe a sigh of relief. “I thought I heard you say you’re a vampire who’s four hundred and sixty six years old, but that’s crazy right?”
“Of course!” I laugh, panicking on the inside. “That’s not even possible.”
“Good point.” She says, looking relieved. “That was a little awkward.”
“All good.” I say, not willing to push it further.
“Dominic can I ask you a question?”
“Of course you can.” As long as it’s not about my age. Please don’t let it be about my age.
“Why should I trust you and not Zeke?” She asks, catching me off guard. Not at all what I was expecting her to ask.
I know how to give this answer! Thank you future visions! “I don’t have any proof for you that shows I am better then Zeke but I do know with my heart and soul that I won’t ever hurt you. Yeah I know we only just met but your special Savannah. I just get this awesome vibe from you and your super beautiful.” I see her aura going all soft and mushy. “But I promise you, that if you let me, I will prove to you every day until you believe me I am safe to be around.”
I wait, saying nothing else while her aura changes from confused to suspicious and then finally to acceptance as I knew it would. I have seen the outcome of today. All two thumbs up. “Okay.” She says. That one simple word sealing our fate without her even realising it. I see her course for the next two days, the future that will become real. Relaxing knowing I can’t change anything until tomorrow night I decide to enjoy her company instead.
“So what’s there to do around here?”
“Not much to be honest.” She answers with a sigh. “We have Cookie Cove, but other than that it’s all school and families. Although the College does have a dance party tomorrow night that is the official welcome back to term thing. That might be fun.”
“Are you going?” I ask a little too eagerly, she raises an eyebrow at me. “I mean, do you think you’re gonna go?”
“Yeah Sophie is making me. She has every year.”
“Every year? What year are you?”
“Third Analytical Data, you?”
“Third I.T Systems.” I smile at her. “You don’t strike me as the computer nerd type.”
“Says the guy who looks more jock then not.”
“Touché.”
“So if you’re a third year how come I haven’t seen you around here before?” She says as Barton shoots another look up here. I frown. Why is he looking at us?
“I got offered a place here by Barton who got the college to give me a scholarship. Thought why not, see what all the fuss is about. That and I didn’t really have anywhere else to go.”
“You didn’t have anywhere else to go?”
“My family died in a car crash when I was fourteen. I was put in foster care and once you hit 18 that’s it your out.”
“I’m sorry.”
“I don’t want to talk about it.’ She shrugs. “I had no other offers so I had to take this one.”
“People would kill to get into this college and here you are all la-de-da about it.”
“True.” I agree, knowing I will only make it worse if I say more. “Sorry.”
“You must be good at what you do to be allowed to transfer.”
“I have my moments.” I grin at her. She laughs at me and I feel triumphant. “If it helps my friends Sam and Tyson go here.”
“Your friends with Sam and Tyson?” She gasps. Both boys have been here a year. I didn’t know she knew them until I saw her future. I also knew they would be a way to help get me in with her.
“They are my bros for life.”
“They are really sweet.” She says with genuine warmth. “Tyson is so good at rebuilds he should be a lecturer not a student.” Her aura softens and I know I am winning her over, now all I need is tomorrow night to happen so I can finally figure out why I may lose her before I can get her.

Savannah

“Sophie do I really have to wear this?” I demand looking down at the barely there boob tube and mini skirt that I think has some of my ass cheek hanging out the bottom. My boobs feel a little breezy and I feel down right self-conscious.
“Absolutely.” She says coming out of our shared bathroom with six inch pumps in her hands.
“No.” I say raising a finger at her. “Forget it not happening. I look tramp enough without the shoes that will break my neck too. No.”
“Relax babe these are mine.” She sighs dramatically while wandering to our shared closet too. Sophie is wearing a mini dress that would be just legal enough to go out in public with and as she bends over I see more then I care to.
“Soph?” I shield my eyes. “Please. Honey I love you but only can handle so much.”
“Oops sorry.” She says realising her butt is in my face. She spins around so it’s mooning the wall instead. “Here.” She says triumphantly a moment later handing me a simple pair of pale pink two inch solid heels. “You have to wear heels to make your legs look great but I’m gonna go easy on you.”
“Gee thanks.” I say rolling my eyes at her, yanking the shoes out of her hand. “I’m only taking these cos they are cute.”
“Okay.” Sophie humours me. She thinks there is an inner vixen inside me somewhere that will break free one day. I’m guessing she’s hoping today will be that day. “Whatever you say.”
“It’s true!” I say slipping the shoes on and standing up. My already tall height is suddenly a whole lot taller. I feel like my heads going to go through the roof. “So how do I look?”
“Hot!” Sophie does a little happy clap. “And me?”
“Hot.” I say with two thumbs up.
“But of course.” Sophie laughs as she fakes a French accent, bowing.
“Let’s go then!” I say spinning and extending my arm so we can link elbows.
“That’s the spirit!” Sophie squeals happily opening the front door before linking arms with me. “I have never seen you this happy to come to a party. That wouldn’t have anything to do with a handsome guy by the name of Dominic Lincoln would it?”
“No of course not!” I deny too quickly. Sophie takes pity on me because she doesn’t call me on it as we walk down the hall, just shoots me a -if-you-say-so look.

Dominic

After leaving Savannah yesterday I needed some time to digest the fact that Zeke has come back and I that I have met my eternal mate all in the space of two hours. I don’t know what to think to be honest as I know she’s safe now because I looked ahead and he doesn’t come anywhere near her between when I dropped her off at her dorm after class to the party but at the same time Zeke is unpredictable and clearly trying to torment me.
Leaving Savannah alone and not stalking her every move is one of the hardest things I have ever had to do but she has a fiery spirit and would not have liked me crowding her. We only just met today, she hasn’t been waiting almost half a millennia to meet me as I have her.
I couldn’t go to Sam and Tyson either. I know how much they wanted a break from all this Zeke stuff and my issues and to experience modern day college life so I decided not to bother them with this until I had a chance to calm down.
The fury in me at Zeke even touching Savannah is so strong that it took every ounce of will power not to blow my top in that lecture room and rip him apart there and then. Savannah, Sophie and all the other humans would all be left traumatised and confused and it would just be disastrous. I would have to terminate them all just to keep our secret. Zeke knew I wouldn’t do anything to hurt him in front of them and that just makes me even madder.
I run up Mount Cookie to the very top trying to clear my head. It’s pretty sitting high above our town, with all its brown and green trees looking like a giant has come and taken a giant bite out of a cookie. I reach the top fast and sigh as I am able to see the town clearly with my vision. The humans are all scurrying on about their business oblivious to the real world around them.
“I won’t let him hurt you Savannah.” I whisper down the hill looking right at her dorm room. “He took the rest of them from me but he’s not going to get you.”
“Hey Bro what you doing up here?” Tyson says quietly coming up behind me. I shouldn’t be surprised that he found me but I am. I tried to give them space and he still came.
“Thinking.” I answer without turning around. I pick up a stick and crush it with my hand.
“About?”
“Zeke’s back.”
“He’s what?” The strangled sound in Tyson’s voice is how I feel.
“He spoke to Savannah.”
“Savannah Mills Savannah?” Tyson gasps and plonks himself down next to me.
“That’s the one.”
“Bro she's awesome. We can’t let him get her.”
“She’s my eternal mate.”
Tyson sucks in a deep breath as that news digests. “Oh Shi…”
“Did I just hear you right?” Sam says approaching us both from the other side of the mountain. “Please tell me I did not just hear you say Zeke’s back and Sav’s your eternal?”
“You did sorry.” I nod picking up another stick and crushing it. “And I’m worried Zeke is gonna do something to her.”
“Why?”
“I can’t see her future past tonight’s party.”
“Oh.” Tyson and Sam say in unison. They both have been around me long enough to know what that means.
“Yeah oh.” I agree. They both tap me on the back in a silent show of support.
“We need to get to the party then bro.”
“I can’t let him hurt her boys.”
“He won’t.” Sam says with force as we get up. “He won’t.” He repeats as we all run down the mountain.
“I can’t lose her too when I only just found her.”
“We got it bro.” Tyson pats me on the back just as we slow to human speed near the college campus. “She’ll be alright.”
“I hope so.” I say with a really ugly feeling still nagging me. We walk to the dorm rooms in silence, each of us thinking.
***
 “Where is she?” I demand pacing the brightly lit hall. The disco balls are spinning brightly and music is blaring out of the speakers at an unhealthy level. The hall has been hastily decorated, looking more like a 1980’s time warp then the 2014 hall it is. Scanning the crowd and I cannot find Savannah anywhere.
“Dude chill.” Tyson says, leaning against the wall with his arms crossed. “She will be here.”
“I wonder if she will bring that little vixen with her.” Sam says, his eyes bright. He knows the danger Savannah’s in but he is an eternal optimist. Always girl crazy too.
“Sophie?” I ask. I should have known Sam would be interested in Sophie. She is the only girl so far in the college that has rejected his advances. I don’t peek into my boys futures as I feel it is an invasion of their privacy so I didn’t know that either knew the two girls.
“Oh man she's a hot lil’ thing that one.” Sam practically drools as Tyson shifts uncomfortably.
Well this is awkward. I think realising for the first time why Sophie has no interest in him. Sam has no idea Sophie and Tyson have a thing for each other but don’t know about the other liking them back too. Always the quiet brooder Tyson remains silent. He sends me a look that tells me he knows I know and would very much like me to keep it to myself. I give him a slight nod to indicate message is received loud and clear when the girls appear.
“Oh my god.” My jaw hits the floor as a vision in pink walks towards us. The entire college has become quiet as Sophie and Savannah sashay over to us. Savannah looks decidedly uncomfortable and Sophie is shaking it for all its worth.
“Hey boys.” Sophie smiles at us. “How are we all on this wonderful night?” She looks directly at Tyson and I hide a smirk. She is good at hiding her emotions, but I saw the slight moment of vulnerability. Her aura turns bright pink every time she looks at him too.
“Hey yourself sugar lips.” Sam sidles up to her and she laughs politely.
“Tyson, Dominic.” Savannah nods, holding herself rigid. “Sam.”
“Savannah.” Tyson bows. “You are simply stunning tonight.”
“Why thank you kind sir.” She smiles at him genuinely. “You look handsome yourself.”
If vampires could blush Tyson would be. He shifts uncomfortably before blurting out. “What do you think Dom?”
“What do I think about what?”
“About Savannah and Sophie?”
“I um…”
“Cat got your tongue there Dom?” Sophie laughs.
“Yeah Dom,” Sam adds. “Cat got your tongue?”
“You’re beautiful Sophie.” I fire back at her and her mouth hangs open. “And Savannah. Oh my god Savannah! Wow. Holy moly. Oh wow.” I babble. She gently closes my mouth and I have to stop breathing. “Wow. You are stunning.”
“You think I look hot dressed as a cheap hooker?” She sounds offended and I mentally smack my forehead. Der Dom this is the reality where she doesn’t appreciate you ogling her like a piece of meat.
“I um… I… I think you would look hot no matter what you wore.” I say quickly and hear Tyson and Sam snicker behind me. I spin around and shoot them daggers. They both back off and Sophie pats my shoulder.
“Much better.” Savannah says breaking out into a grin and it clicks I have been played.
“Well played little lady.” I laugh. “You had me believing you were offended. And just so you know you most definitely do not look like a hooker, you’re stunning.”
Savannah gives me the I-don’t-believe-you-because-I-know-how-I-look look and drops it. “So you going to get me some punch then?” She musters with as much confidence as she can. She’s uncomfortable and wanting to divert attention from herself. I will offer her my jacket when we are away from Sophie. All the futures where I offer it beforehand end badly – for everyone.
“Absolutely.” I agree quickly extending my elbow to her. She grasps it gently, unsure and we walk over to the table awkwardly.
“Do you want my jacket?” I ask her extending it out.
“You want to give me your jacket?” She questions a hopeful look in her eye.
“I can see you’re uncomfortable Savannah.” I gesture at her clothes. “I just wanted to help you. There’s no tricks, no anything. Just a guy offering the girl he’s with a jacket when she needs it.”
“Oh my god absolutely yes then!” She sighs in utter relief and practically flings herself inside it. “Oh Dominic thank you so much! You don’t know how uncomfortable I was,” Yes I do “but Sophie made me wear this awful outfit – if you could even call it that! I feel like some cheap and nasty hooker! The women of the eighties had no idea! Anyways I’m not like her, I can’t wear outfits that show everything and be comfortable. God sometimes I wish I had her confidence then maybe I wouldn’t be called a prude all the time and then maybe…” She babbles on and I just I kiss her. I don’t know why – okay maybe I do. I already love her and I want her to catch up so I give her the most spine tingling kiss I have had of my life. Both vampire and human alike.
She’s to stunned to respond at first so just stands there looking at me. Then she leans into me and kisses me back, with a surprising urgency that has me grabbing hold of her and pinning her against me. We stand there kissing for what feels like ages when a tap on my shoulder breaks the spell.
“You two are causing quite a scene.” Adam Barton says, barely containing a smile. “You mind taking it somewhere a little more private?”
“Sorry.” I say as Savannah hides her head in my shoulder. I can feel her embarrassment creeping all over her. Her blood flooding her cheeks makes her warm against my skin. I grin at Barton and see we do in fact have an audience. Sophie, Tyson and Sam included.
Sam looks furious, Tyson uneasy and Sophie elated. One out of three ain’t bad right? I reason. I have been so distracted by Savannah that I haven’t been paying attention to my visions. This one is only going to be salvaged one way.
“Care to dance?” I ask stepping back from her and ignoring everyone else completely. I smile brightly and bowing while extending my hand. Barton nods silently and then walks off.
She looks at me like she is trying to work out whether I have a screw or two loose again and I merely shrug. “We aren’t the first to get hot and heavy inside a college dance and get busted and we won’t be last. Why not just enjoy the night?”
“How do you do that?” Savannah asks. “How do you know just the right thing to say to get me to stop worrying?”
“It’s a gift.” I answer, for once not actually lying about anything.
“It’s creepy.”
“But good creepy right?”
“The jury’s still out on that.” She grins at me while placing her hand in mine. I waste no time pulling her into a spin and pulling her into the middle of the dance floor. I don’t want her to change her mind and in all but one future she does. I will show her a good time and make her see what I can already see. She likes me and we are meant to be. I know it, she just has to catch up and see it to.

Savannah

We dance and dance and dance. Dominic is just a good a dancer as he is a kisser and I am still swooning – a lot. He has been the perfect gentleman all night but I am getting worn out. I think we have danced for at least an hour and I’m getting thirsty.
“Dominic I need a drink.” I say giving him the universal sign for water or drink. He nods and moves to come with me. “No, no.” I say pushing him back into the middle of the dance floor. “I will only be a minute I will bring you a bottle too.”
“But I should be doing it for you.” He protests in my ear.
“I’m a big girl Dominic. This isn’t the stone age.” I pat his arm and motion him to stay. “I will be right back.”
He frowns at me like he wants to protest before finally giving in. “I will be right here.” He says right in my ear sending goose bumps down my arms and back all the way to my toes. I nod at him and start to make my way towards the drink stand.
Wow. I think, my mind wandering off as I absently push people out of my way. Why do I feel like I have known him forever? It’s like he has always been around and wow the boy can kiss.
I reach the drink stand and get in line. It is relatively short so I just stand there waiting for a drink tender to serve me. I look around spotting Tyson in the middle of a deep discussion with some fiery redhead whose name I think is Bonnie. He looks focused, almost angry and she’s no better. Their arms are failing about everywhere as the discussion heats up. Bonnie almost smacks him in the head trying to get her point across. She’s always been a little strange so I have kept away from her.
I spot Sam enjoying life with two of his groupies, one on each side. Looking out for Sophie I spot her near the snack table, a group of boys all hanging off her every move. “She’s in her element.” I murmur to myself just as it is my turn to approach the drink table.
“What’ll it be?” The waitress asks impatiently.
A little taken a back I blurt out, “Two waters.” She nods and disappears. She returns moments later with the bottles. 
“You know you and lover boy caused a scene earlier.” She snickers as she hands them over. I blush deep crimson again, not knowing how to respond I take the water she gives me with a nod and turn to leave. “Oh and Savannah? He’s way out of your league sweetheart.” She calls after me and I turn back to pin her with a look that says “Stuff you.”
“Wait?” I stop and spin back around. “How do you know my name? have we met?”
“You don’t know me.” The girl grins wide and an evil glint forms in her eyes. “But I know all about you and your boyfriend.”
“What's your name?” I demand politely.
“Not for you to worry about sweetheart.” She chuckles as she gets the drinks for the next in line. “You go enjoy your night now.”
“Listen,” I say barging my way back through the people. “You can’t just say that to me and then not say anything! Tell me who you are?!” She just grins at me and walks to the other side of the table.
“Excuse me Savannah?” The hairs on the back of my neck stand up as I turn around.
“Zeke.” I say shortly, not really interested in his crap right now.
“You look stunning tonight.” He says running a hand up and down my upper arm. It takes everything I have not to shudder.
“Uh thanks.” I say moving past him and back into the dance crowd, clearly I will have to catch the waitress after I ditch Zeke. “I gotta get back.”
“To who?” Zeke asks innocently. “Dominic?”
“Not that it’s any of your business but yes.”
“Are you sure?” He says in a way that makes me pay attention. It’s like he knows something I don’t and a deep fear of doubt dumps itself in the pit of my stomach.
“Of course. I was just getting water for us.” I wave the bottles around as if to prove my point.
“It seems ungentlemanly of him to let his lady go to the bar.”
“I made him stay there.” I retort back, annoyed, about to poor my whole life story out to him to prove I know what I’m talking about. I barely manage to stop myself.
“That may have not been such a good idea.” Zeke smiles triumphantly at me like he knows something I don’t. A deep sinking feeling settles in my stomach again.
“What’s not?”
“You know leaving him alone with the hordes of horny jealous women.”
“What are you talking about?” The dread increasing tenfold.
“Look over there.” Zeke points to where I left Dominic in the middle of the dance floor. My eyes naturally follow his movement and I gasp and drop the water bottles as I see Dominic alright. In the arms of some blonde floosy while she dry humps him and devours his face.
“No.” I mumble softly, backing up. “No. That’s not Dominic.” I stop moving backwards and blink. Sure enough he is standing there embraced and locking lips with her. “Why would he do that?”
“He’s a player.” Zeke adds salt to my wound. “You are just a notch he wants on his belt.” He rubs it in well. Trying to be comforting but making me feel like crap at the same time.
“No.” I hiss wildly, backing into a couple of party goers. “Sorry.” I say when they move out of my way, puzzled looks on their faces.
“Savannah are you alright?” Zeke asks innocently.
“I got to get out of here.” I say not really thinking and totally forgetting Zeke is there. I rip Dominic’s coat off and throw it on the floor. Stomping on it a few times for good measure.  Not willing to let the tears fall down in front of our entire college I start shoving people out of my way to get out the doors not caring if Zeke is following me or not.
“Savannah come with me.” Zeke grab’s my arm forcefully pulling me back. I panic, yanking my hand out of his grip.
“You ever touch me like that again and your balls will be up your nose got it?” I bark at him and he raises his hands in surrender.
“Sorry.” He says soothingly. “I just wanted to help you. I saw a back entrance that has hardly any people near it. I thought you might like to go that way inside of fighting the crowd. We can get out of here faster.”
“I…” I almost refuse but then figure he has a point. Sophie is just a short distance away and I start heading for her. “Okay but first I’m just gonna tell Sophie I’m going.”
“No worries.” Zeke says. “I’ll wait by the stage.”
I nod as I run to Sophie.

Dominic

“Hey Dom.” A sweet sultry voice whispers to me. I hear it though. She's vampire. We can whisper and still hear what is said even with this loud monstrosity called music playing. I am instantly on alert. What is she doing here?
“Nicole.” I say sharply. She’s a minion of Zeke’s and dread starts to fill me. This can’t be good.
“Is that really any way to great an old friend?” She murmurs as she runs her hands over my arms and chest. It takes everything I have not to shudder. Instead I step away.
“You’re not an old friend.”
“True.” She agrees with a grin. “I am after all, all about Zeke. Something about being with a Pure just… does it for me. You know?” She gets up close, whispering in my ear. “No, wait you can’t know. You don’t like to mingle with the commoners. And I would have been so willing to do whatever you wanted for you.”
She kisses my ear lobe and I yank her off me. She lets go of my ear but instantly starts pinning herself to me. She grins wickedly. “Must suck having your brothers gone hey? Being all alone with no one all the time. Could get very lonely. But then you go and make friends with that pretty little human. I suppose she may have been someone you could have hung with if only you could shield her from what’s happening right now, right here.”
“Nothing’s happening but you getting off me.” I say realising my worst fears are coming true. I have a feeling Zeke has something to do with my not being able to see Savannah’s future anymore. I should have known that the moment he appeared it was going to be major trouble. I pull Nicole off me. “You need to get away from me. Now.”
“But Dominic, you sure you really want that?” She practically mounts me and I feel violated.
“Nicole what the hell do you think you’re doing?” I scream at her as she kisses my ear again and then my neck.
“Getting reacquainted.”
“Get off me.”
“Dommy boy that’s not what you said last time, you sure that’s what you want?”
“Get off me or so help me I will break you right here right now.” I toss her off me more forcefully then I intended. She flies backwards, landing on the drink table. Oh my god what have I done?! I panic, hoping I haven’t hurt any humans in the process. I see Sam sling an arm around a couple of girls who look a little startled but calm down once he starts whispering things into their ears. Girl in the table forgotten. He shoots me a sideways look as he discreetly walks them away.
“Oh my god I could have hurt the humans.” I mumble to myself raising a hand to my forehead. I'm looking at the floor when a sudden sharp pain shoots through my neck and into my heart. “What the hell is that?” I ask out loud, looking around frantically realising savannah still hasn’t returned. I start hyperventilating, panicking. Something’s wrong! Very wrong!
“Savannah!” I start moving towards the dance floor and see my jacket half stood on by people. “Off!” I order them to move immediately, and they practically run away. Angry vampire voice is scary. Picking it up. I smell it and it confirms my worst nightmare. Zeke.
“Savannah!” I call again. “Savannah where are you?”
Nicole laughs at me as she gets off the battered table. “It’s too late. You lose Dominic.” And with that she is gone.

Savannah

“I appreciate you walking me out Zeke but I got it from here.” I say wrapping my arms around myself. He has helped me escape through the back door and we are walking along the alley between the hall and the classrooms towards the dorms. Even though it’s a warmish summer’s night a cold chill shoots right through me.
“You sure you don’t want me to walk you all the way home?” He asks and I shudder at the thought, unable to control it this time. I feel really uneasy, he almost frightens me.
“No, I’m okay thanks.” I say instead. “You go back and enjoy the party. I’m just gonna go home and go to bed.”
“That’s a shame.” Zeke says in a voice that has lost all its friendliness. I pause. Not good.
“What is?” I ask turning to him, pretending to be okay.
He doesn’t’ answer me, just looks at me licking his lips.
“Zeke?” I question as he stalks towards me.
He just mumbles something incoherent but I think I pick up Dom in amongst it all.
“Zeke are you okay?”
He just laughs wickedly.
“Zeke?” I panic, looking around.
“There’s nowhere to go little one.” He gurgles. “If you don’t fight I promise to make it quick.”
“Quick?” I repeat, dread filling me.
“Yep.” He grins at me. “Come, let’s do this.”
“Do what?” I demand, backing up. “What do you want?” He knows he’s frightening me.
“You.” He grins, looking almost demonic.
“Me?” I squeak. “Why would you want me? You don’t know me. I don’t even know you.”
“Yeah you do.”
“I only know your name.”
“You’re lying to me.”
“No I’m not!” I say. I back up. Where’s Dominic when I need him? Oh that’s right he has his lips on some other girl!
“Yes you are.” He laughs as I start moving backwards away from him. “Surely you remember me? It hasn’t been that long has it? Six human years or something like that wasn’t it?”
“Zeke what on earth are you on about?” I look at him puzzled. “Human years?”
He pauses for a moment as a look of recognising hits him. “You really don’t know who I am do you? Wow. He did it well.”
“I have no idea what you are talking about.” I say crashing into something hard behind me. I glance behind me to see I have hit the brick wall of the dorm building.
“No I guess you don’t. But I guess it doesn’t matter. You met Dominic.” He grins stalking towards me faster now. “That’s all you need to worry about. Because you met him you will ruin all my plans if I let you live.”
“Let me live?” I squeak. I never thought I would die until this very moment. Here I am pinned up against a wall in a dark alley with nothing but a mini skirt and boob tube on. Great! When people find my body they will think I’m a hooker! “What do you mean let me live? What are you going to do?”
“Kill you.” He says it so matter of factly that another cold chill covers me. “It’s a shame really.” He licks his lips and I want to hurl my shoe at him. “You would have been awesome fun.”
“Don’t you touch me you sick bastard!” I yell at him and before I can blink he is next to me, his hand on my mouth his mouth next to my ear. What the hell?
“Now now little one.” He whispers sickeningly close to my ear. “Quiet. We don’t want to make a scene and ruin it. It won’t hurt – much.”
I bite his hand. Hard. His cold skin barely moves in my mouth.
“Ow you bitch!” He screams, pulling his hand back and slapping me hard. I fall to the floor on my hands and knees seeing stars. God he's strong. The taste of blood in my mouth and the sting on my lip brings tears to my eyes.
“What do you want with me?” I demand again. I am not going down with a fight. I try to stall him until I can come up with an idea. “I don’t even know you!”
“Yes you do chicka-dee.”
“No I don’t.” I retort back.
“Savannah you don’t need to worry about anything other than I am going to kill you. I will do it slowly instead of quick I think. Can’t help myself, it will just be more fun. Draining every last drop of life out of you.” His eyes almost glow with excitement.
“You won’t touch me.” I scream again, I start scrambling down the alley against the wall. No one can hear us because they are all at the party. I grab on to anything I can find to pull myself forward
“You can run little girl.” He calls quietly. “But I will catch you every time, so why not just give in.”
“Why don’t you just suck a…” I am cut short again as he appears next to me and slaps me again. “Quit doing that!” I hiss as I spit more blood onto the pavement.
He takes a deep breath in. “Mm you do smell good.” I get to my feet and lean against the alley wall. “I can see why he has a hard time resisting you now.”
“What are you on about?” I start shuffling again.
“Dominic of course.” He grins at me as he lunges for me. I scream like a girl and curl into a ball. So much for being Miss Toughie Savannah! He pins me up against the wall and I grab a hold of his hand trying to pull it off my chest. I am gasping for air as he presses harder and harder against it.
“What's Dominic got to do with this?” I gasp, confused, as Zeke relaxes his hold me while he moves my hair away from my neck.
“Everything.” He licks his lips again and I shudder. “Now hold still.”
“How about you eat a…” I retort but he lunges for my neck and bites hard. I scream as a sharp stabbing pain shoots through me. It starts at my neck and travels to my heart quickly, escalating in intensity every second that ticks past. “What are you doing to me?!” I scream as I struggle against him. He pins me effortlessly and I realise with a start what he's doing. He's sucking my blood. Why the hell is he sucking my blood? The only creature that sucks blood is a… a… That’s not possible is it? He can’t be? Can he?
“You can’t be?” I sigh and with one last effort kick him in the leg as I feel my strength quickly draining. He jolts in shock and I feel him graze my skin near where he bit me with his fangs. Oh god he is. The move stinging like nothing I have felt before.
“You really do have fight in you don’t you, you little minx.” He grins at me. “Your fight makes you taste so good so I’m gonna make sure there’s nothing left for your boyfriend to find.”
“He will kill you.” I growl my eyes fluttering closed. I feel dizzy. My life is leaving me I can feel it. I am twenty years old! I’m not meant to die yet! But then again vampires aren’t meant to be real either and Zeke’s a vampire… wow.
“I count on him coming after me.” He moves my hair again. “I need him distracted so I can kill him. Then the power is all mine! They will all have to listen to me!” He bites again and this time I don’t have the energy to fight back. I can’t believe I am going to die dressed as a hooker in an alley way where people are only metres away and all because I got bit by a mythical creature. Tears start to flow as everything goes blank.
“Savannah! No!”

Dominic

“Savannah!” I call charging through the crowded hall, shoving people out of my way. “Savannah where are you?”
“I will go look in the bleachers.” Tyson says zooming off.
“I will go have another look on the dance floor.” Sam says heading in the other direction.
“Zeke if you kill her you bastard I will tear you limb from limb.” I mutter under my breath as I see Sophie dancing by herself. I beeline for her and sweep her into my arms. “Sophie have you seen Savannah?” I ask harshly. I don’t have time for pleasantries.
“Why would you wanna know?” She demands as she pulls away from me. She stomps on my foot for good measure. “She told me what you were doing with that skank you big giant…”
“Okay.” I say interrupting, surprised that such a tiny girl has so much kick in her. But then I remember she did say she is a black belt in karate. “I deserved that, you can yell at me later I just need to find Savannah. She's in trouble!”
Sophie freezes instantly. “Why?” She asks eyebrow raised.
“She just is I don’t have time to explain. Do you know where she went?”
“She said she was going home and some guy offered to walk her back.”
“Guy?” I ask dumbly. Then it clicks. “Zeke.”
I see a person in the distance watching us. “Do you know something?” I demand grabbing him by the collar. 
“The guy you’re looking for, about six foot, dark hair, eyes as black as night?”
“Yes.” I hiss
“Yeah.” Sophie nods, agreeing, she pulls a face. “He's so creepy. I don’t know what Sav was thinking.” She mutters more to herself then to us.
“Savannah is with him?” I demand shaking the guy around.
“I saw him talking to her.” He patiently lets me toss him around.
“Sophie what did she say to you exactly?”
“She said something about you and the girl and how could she be so stupid. He offered to keep her company.”
“She actually went with him?” I ask in disbelief. Even after everything I said to her she still went with him.
“I don’t know.” Sophie is starting to look worried.
“Sophie where is she?” I ask shaking her a little harder than I anticipated.
“Why?”
“That guy is bad.” I answer truthfully. “Really bad. I am worried he may hurt her.”
“Like you did?” Sophie narrows her eyes at me and crosses her arms.
“Sophie please!” I beg. “Please just tell me which way she went.”
“Okay okay!” Sophie says raising her hands in surrender. “She went out the back stage doors.”
“Thank you!” I sigh relieved. I kiss Sophie’s forehead in gratitude. “Oh my god thank you!”
“If anything happens to her Dominic I am holding you responsible.” She calls after me.
I nod at her and take off towards the back door. “If anything has happened to her I will hold myself responsible and terminate myself.” I mutter under my breath lifting people in the air to move them out of my way.
“Savannah!” I call a moment before the smell of blood hits me. “No!” I squawk. Running in the direction of it. “Savannah!” I scream as I see Zeke leaning over Savannah’s still form. “Zeke.” I scream charging at him. I shoulder barge him away and as I do Savannah’s still body falls limply to the floor.
“Dominic!” Sam says from somewhere behind me. “She’s still breathing dude but its faint!”
“Take care of her.” I order as I take off after Zeke who is laughing a hundred metres away from us. He is standing at the bottom of Mount Cookie, eyes glowing. He wipes blood off his face. “That’s Savannah’s blood.” I scream as I charge at him. “I am going to kill you.” I charge at him again this time tackling him to the ground before he can blink.
“She tastes amazing Dominic.” Zeke whispers in my ear as I drive his head into the ground. “You should try her if there’s still a tiny bit left, I did bite her twice.”
“You shut up about her!” I scream as I punch him in the head. He laughs at me.
“She was a feisty little thing. Had fight in her ‘til the very end.”
“I’m going to kill you.” I murmur in hushed tones, evil angry hushed tones.
“She said you would. You too really were quite cute. Already knowing what the other would do so well.”
“I am going to make your life miserable.” I say jumping on him. I only succeed in pushing him into the ground. “Then I am going to kill you slowly, ripping a limb off one at a time, waiting for that burn to fade before I do the next one.”
“So sadistic Dominic. And to think you’re supposed to be a pure.” He laughs as I jump on him some more. Damn indestructible vampires! “I am counting on you trying.” Zeke laughs at me as he looks just past my shoulders. I follow his gaze to see a tree about to crash on us. He uses that distraction to get out from underneath me, knocking me over and then he is gone. I move out of the way of the tree and watch it crumble the earth beneath it.
“I will get you Zeke!” I call out to him but wanting to get back to Savannah more I run back to where Sam and Tyson are standing, Tyson gently holding a still Savannah in his arms. “Your days are numbered!” I call and my voice echoes off the mountains and into the night. My emotions getting the better of me. Neither Tyson nor Sam try to correct me this time.
“Is she dead?” I ask not willing to disturb her in case there’s hope.
“No.” Tyson answers just as I hear a faint beat of her heart. It sounds funny. I instinctively bite her. Bite her in the way a vampire turns a human not a vampire drinking blood. It is one of the hardest things I have ever had to do but she's my Eternal mate.
“Dom stop.” Sam lays a hand on my arm. “Listen.”
“Listen?” I hiss at him. How could I possibly listen? The girl of my dreams is about to die two days after I meet her because I can’t kick a sick and twisted…
“…To her heart Dominic.” Sam says patiently, cutting me out of my thoughts.
I freeze, hope running through me. Her heart doesn’t have the regular rhythm a normal healthy human heart has. Instead it is more a thump thump pause… thump thump thump pause gurgle. I gasp and look at Tyson and Sam who are nodding. Human hearts only sound like that when…
“So that means?”
“She’s gonna turn bro.” Sam says gently laying a hand on her heart. He nods. “She’s gonna be a quick turner too, the process is already half complete.”
“Savannah I’m so sorry.” I say taking her out of Tyson’s arms. “I’m so sorry. You’re meant to have a choice. You’re not meant to become like me unless you want to. I’m sorry.”
“It’s too late for sorry.” Sam says gently. “We need to get her away from the humans. She's gonna start screaming soon.”
“Where?” I ask, thinking. “Where can we take her?”
“The cabin on Mount Cookie.” Tyson says looking up. “It’s too dark for humans to be out and about up there now.”
Savannah stirs briefly in my arms. It’s more a groan than anything else.
“Now Dominic.” Tyson orders with a shove. “We need to move now.”
I scoop her up into my arms tight and gently kiss her still warm forehead. I hope she won’t hate me forever because for us that’s a very long time. “Please don’t hate me. You’re meant to have a choice.” I whisper, willing her to hear me. “I’m sorry but I can’t lose you. I only just found you.”

Savannah

“It’s burning!” I yell. “Oh my god my body is on fire! I'm dying! It’s burning! Make it stop!” A pulsing, raging sting is spreading from my neck to my heart and down my arms. “What the hell is happening to me?” I can hear my blood rushing through my ears. My arms feel like they are about to explode.
“Savannah its Dominic.” A deep voice comes from somewhere. “Something happened to you and we are going to help.”
“What are you talking about?” I hiss, trying to grab at my head – my arms won’t cooperate. “Why can’t I see anything? Why can’t I move my arms? My body is on fire!” I scream again as a fresh wave of stinging and burning erupts.
“You were bitten by a vampire Savannah.” Dominic says again and I get angry that he's not answering my questions, instead he’s making random stuff up.
“Vampires aren’t real. This is a dream.” I hiss. “Why can’t I see?”
“Savannah it will be all over soon I promise!”
“Why aren’t you answering my questions you baboon?” I scream at him. “Oh my god make the burning stop. What the hell is going on?” I let out an ear piercing scream.
“You’re turning into a vampire sweetheart.” The voice repeats, soothingly. I want to smack it with a shoe.
“I’m what?” I scream again as I feel the fire spreading to my stomach now.
“I know you can hear me Savannah.” The voice says again. “Just try to stay calm, it will go away soon.”
I let out a long shrill scream as the burn reaches my knees. “Make it stop!” I screech loudly throwing myself around. “Make it stop!”
“Why can’t I see?” I demand trying to peel my eyes open. “Why aren’t you people responding to me?!”
“The venom is taking over your body.”
“You are all crazy.” I say as I actually feel my body parts start to move. “Oh my god I can move!” I start waving limbs around trying anything to ease the pain.
I hit something solid and pound my feet against it. My eyes still won’t open.
“Sav you need to stop thrashing your breaking the house.”
“Dominic you need to stop talking before I punch your face in.” I scream again waving my arms around like a pair of scissors. My body is burning. I feel like I am in a volcano that’s about to erupt.
“Sav not long now I promise. The pain will stop.”
I scream in response as I thrash wildly around. I feel myself bumping into things and I concentrate on smashing them to smithereens. “Why won’t he answer me?”
“She’s scary dude.” Sam says. “Remind me not to mess with her anytime soon.”
“What you reckon she's gonna get?” Tyson asks.
Get? Get what? What the hell is he on about? These people are crazies!
I start shrieking like a banshee and then all of a sudden the pain stops. My body becomes stiff and rigid before I become completely still, lying quietly on the floor. I cannot hear or see anything. A warm fuzzy feeling takes over my body in a sudden rush and I can hear my heart beating in my ears and my blood whooshing fast. It is getting louder and louder.
“She's almost there.” Someone says and it sounds very far away. “T you got that thing I told you to get?”
“Yeah it’s almost thawed.”
“Put it in that cup.”
I try to move. I try to open my eyes, lift my hand, something, but nothing is working. My heart beat is slowing down and the whooshing in my ears is speeding up to a very loud humming sound. I try to talk but nothing happens.
“Savannah you are in the twilight.” Someone somewhere whispers to me. “It’s the last stage of your initial transformation. It’s where the venom takes completely over and your heart stops beating.”
A red haze appears behind my eyelids before my body becomes really stiff again for a moment. Then it relaxes. The beating of my heart stops as the whooshing goes deafening loud before fading away to nothing.

Dominic

The three of us stand there, waiting, watching. She is so still it is scary.
Her eyes are closed but I know she's alive. I can see the change happening. All her beautiful features are being enhanced even more than they were in her human state. Her jet black hair, which was covered in her own blood is now full and thick and so long it touches the top off her butt. It has gentle waves that cascade down framing her face. Her skin has become slightly paler, as all vampires do, but completely flawless. There is no longer a single mark left on her.
“Get ready.” Tyson says as he, Sam and I all continue to wait. They are just as in this as I am. They already liked her after hanging out with her for a year and now that she's one of us she will mean even more to them. “I hear her heart slowing down.”
“She's almost there.” Sam agrees. “T you got that thing I told you to get?”
“Yeah it’s almost thawed.”
“Put it in that cup.”
“Savannah you are in the twilight.” Tyson whispers in her ear. “It’s the last stage of your initial transformation. It’s where the venom takes completely over and your heart stops beating.” The only response we get is her eyelids move briefly.
We all share a look, hoping that everything will be okay. Then we wait. And wait. And wait.
Savannah’s eyes open suddenly and I see the bright red blood lust in place of her beautiful blue.  I’m a little disappointed that the colour is gone even though I know once the blood lust goes her own colour will be back brighter and more beautiful than ever.
Savannah blinks rapidly, the rest of her is still. Then she sucks in a deep breath. “What the hell happened to me?” She whispers softly, looking all around the room, blinking rapidly again.
“Um…” We all look at each other, each of us has come up blank. How do you tell someone that they have just turned into a vampire against their will? When they didn’t even know vampires existed?
“Savannah you kind of had…” Sam starts but then stops. He too as blank as I am. We both look to Tyson, who rolls his eyes.
“What?” She says a little less hoarsely. “What did I have?”
“You had an accident Savannah.” Tyson tells her gently.
“An accident?” She repeats, moving her arms slightly, as if testing to make sure they work. “What kind of accident?” She tries to sit up.
“Do you remember anything?” Sam asks instead of answering, helping her up as she attempts to sit upright.
She shakes her head. “I remember getting ready to go to the welcome back dance. I was wearing…” She looks down at herself and gasps, her dress is covered in smears of blood and dirt. “What the hell?”
“Savannah don’t panic, you have to remain calm.” I say laying a hand on her.
She shoots me a death stare and I back off. “My legs.” She lifts them up as if she cannot believe her eyes “They look different. I don’t see any injuries but they don’t look… right?” She looks at her hands. “My hands…” Her gaze flies to me, panic building behind the red. “Seriously what the fu…”
“Savannah I need you to have an open mind…” I interrupt before she says anymore. Her skin has become flawless, slightly lighter than it was but she still has the deep tan that makes her eyes just stand out.
“About?” She looks at me confused.
“Do you remember anything at all?”
“Why?” She frowns.
“It will help me understand how to help you.”
“I was meant to go to the party with Sophie. She made me wear this,” She gestures to her dress. “Which made me so uncomfortable. Kind of like a cheap ass whore.” She sucks in a breath as memories flood her. “Oh my god! We did go to the party! I danced with you…”
“Savannah…” I say gently as I see her go from confused and frightened to angry in a nano second.
“Don’t you Savannah me you two timing twat.” She barks at me.
“Did she really just say twat?” Sam laughs quietly.
“Sam.” I warn just as her angry gaze flies to him and he shuts up instantly.
“Just thought it was cute is all!” He says defensively, raising his hands in surrender.
“Now’s not the time.” I remind him. “Sav you need to...”
“Go on, tell me what to do.” She says harshly, cutting me off. “I dare you to. Then we will all see how you like being kicked in the nuts.” She snarls, shooting a look at a snickering Sam too. “You too pretty boy.”
“We are just trying to help.” I remind her.
“After getting me in this mess in the first place.” She counters and my mouth hangs open.
“Yeah Dominic, I remember now.” She sighs as a sad expression flows over her. “I remember the jacket you gave me, and dancing with you for ages! I remember needing to get a drink and telling you to stay there.” She looks at me with sad eyes and I would give anything to make that look go away. “I went to the bar and then the girl… I wasn’t even gone five minutes and you were already dry humping her!” She hops off the table, standing tall and straight. She is a little wobbly and Sam reaches out to steady her. She shoots him an evil.
“Only trying to help Sav.” He says, holding his hands up in surrender – again.
 “Don’t you Sav me either.” She hisses, taking a deep breath in. “You think this is funny.”
“No Sav-annah I don’t.” Sam says all silliness gone. “I was just trying to make the mood a little less sad.”
“What the hell has happened to me?” She says after eyeing him for a moment. “Why am I here in this dingy hole with three bo… Oh my god what is that smell?” He eyes grow large and she starts sniffing the air frantically. “I need it. Oh my god that smells fabulous. I need it now. Where is it?”
“Savannah what your wanting? It’s what’s called your thirst talking.” Tyson says, plucking a cup out of nowhere. “Drink this,” He hands her the cup. “It will take the edge off ‘til we can get you under control.”
She snatches the cup out of his hand and practically devours cup and all in seconds. “More.” She says, searching the room. “More now.”
“There isn’t any more here.” I reply.
“Don’t lie to me.”
“I’m not.” I say defensively.
“Yeah okay.” She says rolling her eyes at me.
“Sav you need to listen to me.” I say splaying my hands out like you would to a frightened dog. “You can have more but you need to learn to control yourself first. You need to know what happened to you too. What you are and what that means.”
“What I am?” I ask him looking at him like he’s crazy. “What do you mean what I am? I am a girl. Who, might I add now that I think about it, is in a dark and dingy – place with three males and I only remember sketchy moments. Did you drug me?” She gasps looking ready to pummel some boys.
“No!” We all yell in unison.
“Well what the hell is going on?” She shouts.
“You’re more than just a girl now sweetheart.”
“Don’t call me sweetheart you nincompoop.”
Tyson and Sam stifle chuckles and I shoot them a look. They shut up instantly. “Do you remember…”
“I don’t remember shit beyond seeing you at that girl practically doing it on the dance floor.” She hisses at me as she sniffs the house like a dog. Her head snaps back to the empty packaging Tyson had thrown in the bin. “More.” She repeats.
“Savannah…”
She shoulder barges past me, ignoring me completely, as she flies for the empty plastic. She crashes into the wall and goes right through it. That doesn’t stop her though, as she practically jumps back inside and pounces on the plastic like a ravenous wolf. Attacking it with such aggression I have no doubt she is going to be a strong vampire – quickly.
“More.” She demands again when she licks it all clean, her eyes are crazy. Dealing with reborn vampires is always tough. Their thirst is all they care about for the first twenty four hours. We can usually tell when one has been created because the human news channels often report a mass in unusual animal like attacks on humans all located in a particular area.
“Savannah you need to listen to me.” I say firmly, knowing this has to end well – for everyone. Savannah being in control is important. “Your thirst is calling you but I’m calling you too. I need to talk to you. I need to win over the two because in the long term it will be better for you.” She looks at me suspiciously but stops pacing around. She stands there staunch, hands on hips and toe tapping. If she wasn’t so dangerous right now she would be cute.
“We will get you what you need but right now I need to teach you how to move so you don’t let the secret out of the bag.”
“Pfft.” She scoffs. “Why the hell should I listen to you? What secret? You started hooking up with the nearest vagina the moment I disappeared.” She doesn’t bother to hide her pain and it stabs at me.
“It was a setup.” I reply. She is about to protest again but I raise my hand to silence her. “I know you don’t want to believe me but I am telling you the truth.”
“Righto.” She says, not bothering to hide her sarcasm. “And I see pigs fly.”
“Savannah I really was set up.”
“Right.” She nods, sarcastically clearly humouring me. “And I’m a tooty fruity fairy.”
“No, actually you’re a vampire.” Sam interjects.
 “I’m sorry what?” Savannah says spinning her full glare on him. “Did I hear you right? Did you just say I’m a vampire?”
“Yes.” Sam says holding her gaze with a fake bravado – I know it’s fake. His aura is telling me so. She is scary. The only person not scared is Tyson.
“That’s stupid.” She laughs. “You people are crazy.”
“Savannah it’s the truth.” He insists.
“You’re all crazy.” She squeaks, marching for the door.
“Think about it.” He adds. “You just went through a wall and didn’t even flinch.” Sam points to the hole she made. She stops, but doesn’t turn back to him. “You just drank blood and practically ate the plastic too.”
“That wasn’t blood.” She denies, although she doesn’t sound so sure now.
“Then what was it?”
“It wasn’t blood.” She repeats after a moment.
“Yes Savannah it was.” Sam says. “We are sorry to kind of just drop it on you like this but you got turned into a vampire because one bit you.”
“That’s the most ridiculous thing I have ever heard!” She says, although she looks nervous now.
I shoot Sam a look that says I will take it from here. “Savannah, baby…”
“Call me baby again.” She says, her eyes flashing angry again in a moment. “I dare you.”
“Ohh,” Sam grins at me. “Dom got told.”
“Dude?” I pull a face at Sam as if to ask what he is doing. He just shrugs and grins some more.
“I am not a vampire.” Savannah butts in, completely ignoring Sam and I’s moment.
“Yes you are.” Sam says.
“No I’m not.” She snorts back.
“Yes you are.” Sam says again.
“No.”
“Yes” I say.
“No.”
“Yes.” I repeat.
“Is that what the girls scream when you fu…” Savannah’s eyes are starting to glow real bright.
“Stop.” Tyson orders, cutting her off. I know where she was heading with that and I’m glad he stopped her. “All of you.” He directs a pointed look at Sam and I. “You two are the more mature vampires. You should know better than to torment a reborn. Savannah, Dominic was indeed set up, you are indeed a vampire and no it’s not a dream.”
“You be angry at Dominic all you want but right now we have to help you get your first proper feed okay?” He holds her gaze when she looks about ready to protest. He raises a hand real quick. “No. no buts. You need to learn to control yourself and it’s our job to teach you. I know it’s a shock and you probably don’t believe it but you will soon enough and you have about three hours before the thirst consumes you, so you need to listen and listen fast. Got it?”
Savannah’s mouth goldfishes before she finally whispers, “It’s really not a dream?”
“No.” Tyson says a little more gently. Thank god one of us has a brain!
“I really am a vampire?”
“Yes.”
“And you three too?”
“Yes.”
“But vampires are in the movies and books and stuff.” She says, still stunned. “Not real life.”
“Sweetie look at the hole you put in the wall because you attacked the plastic I put the blood in.” Tyson points to the wall and Savannah gasps. She looks down at her hands to see completely flawless, undamaged skin.
“Oh.” She says before her expression becomes sad. We wait, Tyson knows what he is doing. His aura is calm and relaxed. He holds his hands out and gestures for us not to move. Savannah stands there a moment before she looks me right in the eyes. “Okay Tyson,” She says to him, eyes locked to mine. “I’m ready.” I wonder what she’s thinking?
“Good.” Tyson says, nodding. “Dominic take it away.” He says falling into a sofa behind him. Sam sits too.
“Dominic?” She asks frowning. “I thought you were going to teach me?”
“We all will.” Tyson replies. She looks like she wants to protest but he holds her gaze. “Trust me Savannah.”
“Fine,” She sighs and gives me her undivided attention. Waving at me like I should start. With one word she has made me feel so bad. She is so angry at me! Please forgive me Savannah! I wander over to where the boys have both purposely plonked themselves down on the sofa.
“The most important thing to remember is you’re a lot stronger now. Eventually you will be a thousand times stronger then what you were as a human.” I lift a sofa with Tyson and Sam sitting on it with one hand. She stares at me, wide eyed, before picking up the other couch. She struggles slightly at first but does it easily enough a moment later.
“Oh my god.” She gasps, throwing it away from her like its possessed. The couch lands with a loud thud and savannah covers her ears at the loud banging and clanging. “This isn’t possible.”
“Very possible.” Tyson says getting up. “Your strength is the most important to master first. You can do a lot of damage.”
“Okay.” She says quietly, stepping backwards. A small twig snaps under her weight and she freaks out.
“What the hell?” She murmurs, her eyes going round with shock, looking under her feet. “That sounded like it was right next to my ear.” She puts her fingers in her ears and steps on it again. She gasps in shock.
“Your hearing is the same too.” Tyson inputs, and she nods, hearing him clearly enough, even with her fingers in her ears. “Again it will gradually increase.”
“Increase?!” She squawks. “It’s already so loud it almost hurt my head!”
“You learn to adjust.” Tyson says patiently.
“What else?” Savannah demands.
“You can see in the dark like its dusk – all the time.”
“What?” She gasps in disbelief.
“We are in the dark now honey.” Sam pipes in. He carefully flicks a torch light on, making sure he isn’t pointing it at her. A new vampire’s eye sight is highly sensitive too and bright light before they can become accustomed to it can send them crazy.
“Oh my god.” She sighs, sinking down into the couch between Sam and Tyson. “What’s happened to me?”
“You are a vampire now.” I say, gently reminding her.
“No I’m not.” She shakes her head, total disbelief apparent on her face. “That can’t be. This is a dream. Not real. Wait. That man that I saw the other day in class? He…” She trails off as more memories surface.
“His name is Zeke.” I say sharing a look with Tyson and Sam. They both put a gentle arm around her.
“I know what his name is!” She hisses at me.
“Sorry!”
“That Zeke,” She says with a pointed look at me and hatred in her voice. “He made me this didn’t he?” She waves her hands around and almost takes of Sam’s head in the process.
“You have super speed Savannah.” Sam says gently, jumping out of her way. “Flinging your arms around like that can take a humans head off.”
“I don’t care!” Savannah looks angry. I don’t blame her. “Answer my question.”
“Yes.” I answer. “Yes, Zeke was the one who did this to you.”

Dominic

“Zeke is going to die.” Savannah says it so deathly calm and full of conviction I almost feel sorry for Zeke.
“I totally agree with you.” I say and Tyson and Sam both nod. “But first you really do have to learn to control… yourself otherwise you may unwillingly hurt a human or get yourself killed before you can.”
“Aren’t vampires immortal?” She demands, standing again with hands on hips.
“Not for the first 24 hours. Your own blood needs to be expelled so you need to feed constantly. The first 24 hours are crucial. You also need to practice walking and talking and generally moving before you go out into the public world. You’re vulnerable at the moment so we need to be careful.”
“Vampires are immortal creatures, how on earth can I be vulnerable now?”
“A vampires first 24 hours are all about the hunt and learning to be one. Sometimes though, rarely, a vampire might take on more than he or she can chew and pay the consequences. By that I mean a human who has strong will, or great strength who can fight back enough to land a good couple of blows to your head. Because your main focus is all about the blood it’s our job to help you do that safely.”
“So you’re telling me that I have to wait a full twenty four hours before I will be indestructible? Before I can rip that guy apart and make him suffer?”
“Not completely indestructible, but indestructible enough.” Tyson steps forward. “We’re more immortal then indestructible.” He looks at me with an expression that says be careful. I couldn’t agree more.
“Immortal? Doesn’t that like mean live forever?”
“Yes but doesn’t mean we can’t be hurt.”
“So you’re immortal but can be killed?” She rolls her eyes.
“Yes, but it’s not easy.”
Savannah grabs her head and lets out a low groan. She pauses for a moment, takes a deep breath and then looks at us. “So let me get this straight.” She speaks calmly, almost too calmly. “I have become a vampire. An immortal creature who can be possibly killed – but immortal enough that it is hard to kill one… I feed on human blood, have super strength, super sight – hell super everything and because of this I have to learn how to walk, talk and move around humans again otherwise I can hurt them even though we all know vampires hunt them?”
“Pretty much.” Sam says, nodding. “And then…”
“No!” She says sharply, cutting him off. “No and then. I have just been turned into a monster, against my will, having not even known they existed before hand. I had to endure the worst pain of my entire life with strangers watching on and now I am starving!” She takes a breath and pins me with a look. “I am not going to be dictated to like I am some toddler who needs discipline!”
“Umm…”
“You.” She hisses walking towards me. “I thought I heard you say you were a vampire but I wanted to be wrong. Why did you lie to me?”
“Savannah I had just met you.” I try to reason. “What did you expect me to say? Hey my name’s Dominic I reckon your awesome oh and by the way I’m a four hundred and sixty six year old mythological vampire. Don’t worry ‘bout it though I’m not gonna kill you, just suck you dry of your blood? Because that would work.”
“Yeah well I didn’t expect this!” She waves her hands in front of herself.
“I’m sorry okay.” I plead with her. “I didn’t mean for this to happen. I wanted to court you properly, while you were still innocent.”
“Court me?” She scoffs. “Who the hell says court me?”
“He’s four hundred and sixty six years old Savannah. Some habits die hard.” Sam sticks up for me and that’s why he's a best friend.
“Four hundred and sixty six?” She bawks. “That’s like…”
“Yeah a long time.” I agree. I take a small step forward. “Please understand if I could take back tonight I would. In a heartbeat – if I had one. I wanted to do it right and you will never know how sorry I am it ended up this way.”
Savannah looks at me intensely. Her bright red eyes are searching for something, an answer or clue that I am genuine I guess. She finds what she is searching for as she sighs in resignation. “Gentleman, I guess what’s done is done. You three didn’t actually bite me so I guess I cannot hold you responsible. That does not mean I have forgiven this whole thing yet but I really am starved. So let’s do this, just show me how to do this vampire thing so I can go find me some…”
“Blood.” Sam finishes for her. He pats her sympathetically on the arm. “Don’t worry. It gets easier.”
“Just the thought…” She shudders.
“You say that now, but when you smell it…” I grin at her and she frowns at me. Tyson and Sam both shoot me a look.
“D don’t.” Sam cuts me off. I shrug and Savannah just stands there waiting. She is a stunning vampire. And when she matures she will be a force to be reckoned with too.
“Okay let’s not worry about that for now.” Tyson says moving the rubble pile she created near him away with a kick. “First let’s master the art of moving your body at human speed. You’re not quite super super-fast yet but your fast enough that humans will notice. You have to actively concentrate on keeping your movements slow.” He demonstrates and she copies. “Good that’s right. Try not to make them jerky though, and you need to blink.”
“Vampires don’t blink?” She asks frowning, while concentrating hard on making her arms move the way she wants them too.
“It’s not necessary but most do.” Tyson says walking over to the door, one of the few things still intact. “Now we need to concentrate on touch. Your sense of feeling has been heightened to a crazy level. You will be able to feel every lump and bump on everything. Every fibre, every stich, every vein even. This is difficult to get used to at first, but you will. You can also crush things with your hands now, yank this door right off its hinges and break things with just your finger if you want to too. So again you need to concentrate on making the movement’s human speed and human strength.”
“Okay.” She says, nodding. She walks to the door and takes a deep breath in. “I can do this. Totally. Easy peasy. Totally. Yep.”
Tyson, Sam and I share a look. We are all thinking the same thing. She’s awesome, taking it all in her stride and coping so well. Some vampires who have just been turned and asked to be have moments of panic where they regret the decision, they want to go back to how they were because so many things change almost instantly they feel so overwhelmed. Savannah is a trooper though and it’s going to be wonderful to have a girl around.
It’s strange but that Savannah’s transformation has been relatively easy compared to some other reborns I have seen though. Some are so wild we have to physically restrain them for the first twelve or so hours even when they are blood lusting. So I guess it’s really hard to imagine that Savannah had her choice taken away with how in control she is.
The thought of it still makes me mad. That and the fact that Zeke was the one to do it. I have only known the girl two days. I wanted to court her, chase her, love her the proper way but he tried to kill her instead. It’s only through her fight that she did not die and became immortal instead.
“Dominic?” She says behind me, a little unsure. I shake off my thoughts and give her my attention again.
“Yeah Sav?” I turn around and barely control my gasp of laughter.
“I think we’re gonna need a new door on the…” She looks around at her destruction. “Cabin?” She is holding the door by the handle in the air, looking very sheepish.
Sam and Tyson chuckle and I look at her sympathetically.
“In my first 24 hours as a reborn I completely totalled the place I turned in.” I say. “It was a lot nicer then here too. They were not impressed.”
“They?” Savannah asks. She’s cluey. She picked up on the they. “My creator ditched me for whatever reason he chose so Abraham, Brey and Censon took me in and helped me through it.”
“Why would he just leave you like that?” Savannah sounds like she just can’t grasp the concept. “I mean why create you then leave you?”
“To this day I still haven’t figured that out.” I answer honestly and there is an awkward pause. Oh my god I can actually hear crickets…. Five kilometres away!
“I flattened about three houses, a barn, several sheep and you don’t even want to know what else.” Tyson steps forward, breaking the awkwardness. Thank god for Tyson!
Sam had just been created and he was being a handful, Tyson, still a newish reborn himself at the time, happened to stumble upon Zeke and I pinning Sam against a wall because he wanted to attack a family of eight, children included – an absolute law in our world, one that you instantly sign your death wish on if you break is no child is to ever be bitten… Ever. No matter the reason – and we were struggling because of his anger towards the man who had shot him.
I smile as I remember Tyson wandering over to us and scaring the crap out of us so badly that I attacked him as he subdued Sam with such little effort he froze our attack and we stood frozen in shock. Of course once I saw his future he was welcomed in with open arms.
Sam and Tyson may not have been official Pures but they were both great assets and the boys knew it. Their powers came in handy at times, especially in the great cull of crazies.
Tyson had told us then, once Sam had calmed down and gotten his first feed out of the way, that his creator just after the first twenty four hours of Tyson’s new life went and got himself killed by a pack of angry humans. He had then wandered around aimlessly and without purpose until he found us. That’s when he asked if we needed any help and I asked him how old he was.
He asked me human years or vampire days and that was it, he was one of us. Turns out he had only been a vampire for about three weeks and had been wandering around looking for others like him when he stumbled upon Sam, Zeke and I. Between the three of us we had restrained Sam enough for him to calm down, then eventually catching up to the guy that had tried to kill Sam. It was messy but he calmed down dramatically after that and Tyson and Sam became one of us instantly.
Savannah is staring at Sam with a thoughtful look on her face. He raises his hands in surrender. “Don’t even get me started. I’m about as good as these guys.”
Savannah looks at us all still thinking door in her hand and all. “I never chose this,” she waves her free hand up and down her body. “But at the same time I am grateful I didn’t die. I am only 20. That would have really sucked.”
“Yeah it would have.” I agree stepping forward to take the door away from her. “But let’s worry about that later. We need to get you fed.”
The mention of food has Savannah licking her lips and her eyes glazing over. “Yes. Yes let’s do that.”
“Um Savannah…” Sam says quietly.
“Yeah?”
“This is the hardest part.”
“What you mean?”
“When we go back down to the human world you’re gonna wanna devour every single one of them.”
“I don’t want to do that!” She gasps.
“I know.” I say stepping forward. “But your hunting instinct will override everything else you think and feel right now.”
“What am I supposed to do then?” She demands. “Hold my nose? Shut my eyes? Put hand blinkers on?” She actually puts her hands up to the sides of her eyes and spins around pulling a whacky face. We all burst into laughter, even Savannah laughs at herself.
“Savannah you have to listen to me carefully.” I say soberly once we have all calmed down. “It’s gonna be tough but hopefully you won’t need blinkers, no.” I pull her hands down and grin at her. Her eyes grow wide and she sucks in a breath.
“Oh my god.” She blurts out. “You smell so good I want to eat you to.” She freezes, what she just said registering. “Oh my god! How awkward. Why did I just say that?”
“Because you’re my Eternal Mate.”
“Your eternal what?”
“We are mates. For like forever.”
She stares at me like I have two heads, six eyes and a wart the size of Mt Everest sticking out of my nose. “Well that’s great.” She responds, all embarrassment gone. Instead a woman with an enormous amount of anger and attitude is glaring at me, and I’m almost scared – almost. “Aren’t I lucky? I get turned into a vampire that comes with a mail order mate. Kinda like those stupid infomercials where you buy one thing and get an extra thing for free. Buy this they say and get this free! It will make that product so much better they say, even though it has nothing to do with it and is worth absolutely nothing but we will pretend and you will pretend it is a great deal anyway!” She stops abruptly, shooting me daggers before she gets all up in my face, poking me in the chest. “Take note buddy. Don’t think you’re gonna mate anything any time soon because right now learning not to break a door is more important than a lil bit of nookie nookie got it?”
Sam and Tyson choke with laughter, not even attempting to control it.
I trip over my tongue, trying to find a response. She is furious.
“Um Savannah?” I murmur, hands raised in the air. “You need to calm down. I’m not gonna force you to do anything you don’t wanna do okay? Just explaining why you feel a strong pull towards me.”
Savannah eyes me suspiciously as if assessing what I am saying. She is quiet for so long Sam, Tyson and I start to get uncomfortable. “Okay boys clearly this is gonna take some getting used to.” She says finally as she waves her hand in front of herself again. “And clearly I can only handle really important news right now. Like I’m apparently a vampire and need to learn to control my body again like I’m some toddler.” She looks at us all hands on hips and I must admit I’m a little turned on. “So from now on until I got this vampire thing down pact let’s give me only need to know information Kapeesh?”
“Kapeesh.” Sam and Tyson say in unison instantly.
“You.” She barks at me. “You I need a Kapeesh most of all from. Whatever you think we are or whatever you think we are gonna be, do, have – whatever – I don’t wanna know until I’m good and ready. Got it?”
I want to say no. Chuck a tanty and say absolutely not. “Kapeesh Savannah.” Comes out instead and I mentally forehead slap myself. Way to go Dom! You be the man! Stand up for what you want!
“Good.” She says nodding. “Now please teach me how to be gentlemen I have this weird feeling in my throat and its getting stronger, I can only assume it’s the thirst you been talking about.”
“Yea Sav.” Tyson says stepping forward. “You need to learn to bite properly. There’s bite and kill, bite and drink or bite and turn.” 
“Oh my god.” She squeaks. “Really?”
“It’s not as complicated as it sounds I promise.” Tyson says. “You have to bite them properly and not graze them with your fangs… Sam?”
“On it.” Sam disappears for a moment and returns with a rabbit.
“I am not biting that.” She says, looking a little green. “Forget it.”
Sam and Tyson share a look. “Guys she’s new remember?” I say not wanting to push her. Sometimes we all forget reborns still have human tendencies. “Don’t worry about the rabbit Sav I will just explain it to you.”
“Okay.” She nods gratefully looking very relieved.
“When you’re about to feed your fangs will come down…”
“Wait I have fangs too?” She interrupts full shoving her fingers around her mouth feeling.
“… Yes. They only come out when you are feeding or in high adrenaline danger but…” I say patiently. She continues to play with her mouth as I continue talking. “A reborn can’t make another vampire so you have some time to practice.”
“Why do I get the distinct impression that being a vampire isn’t as easy in real life as it is in the movies?” She mumble and grumbles.
“Because the movies are like 2 hours of your time. This is real life.”
She pokes her tongue out at me. “This is not real life this is a dream. I am fully expecting to wake up and see it’s all a dream sometime soon.”
“Well that explains her calmness.” Sam mutters. I shoot him a look.
“Sav we need to get moving, it’s been about four hours already. Your thirst will peak soon.”
“Okay, okay fine.” She says. “So fangs come down when I’m about to feed, next?”
“When you do bite you need to make sure u go straight down. Whatever you do don’t graze them with your fangs or you will have to kill them.”
“I don’t have to kill people?”
“No.” Sam answers this time. “Our venom knocks them out, we take what we need then lick the area, the venom on our tongues only acts like a healing agent and heals the spots to invisible. It also erases the memory of the moment to. It’s like a fuzzy dream to them.”
“Oh okay, what else?”
“That’s it for now, just bite down straight and lick the bite mark afterwards.”

Savannah

Oh my god I’m a vampire! Oh my god I’m a vampire! Oh my god I’m a vampire!
“What about the way I move?” I ask, completely keeping it together on the outside. Meanwhile I feel like I need a paper bag on the inside.
Oh my god I’m a vampire! Oh my god I’m a vampire! Oh my god I’m a vampire!
“Do you think you can handle going out into the woods?” Dominic asks and I have this strange urge to do whatever he says. I have been fighting it the whole time we have been here. It’s almost like my body is pulled to his involuntarily.
“I can try.” I agree, compromising and keeping my cool. Oh my god I’m a vampire! Not cool! Not cool! This isn’t real! I’m dreaming I have to be dreaming!
“Okay, now remember fluid, slow human speed movements. Think snail.”
I raise an eyebrow.
“That’s how fast humans move compared to us.” Sam chuckles, clearly the disgust is all over my face.
“Geez,” I say, mocking the snail by moving so slow that I am standing still. “How do you people cope being around us?”
“You mean them.” Sam says gently with a look to Dominic.  I don’t like that look. He can take that look right back.
“What’s the look for Sam?”
“Wow, she is a fast turner.” He says mouth wide open in shock.
“What are you on about?” I frown, thinking this ability to rapid fire back at them with the attitude of a mule is a perk I must say. If I have indeed become a vampire – Oh my god I’m a vampire! Oh my god I’m a vampire! Oh my god I’m a vampire! – Then I will admit I like the feisty attitude with metaphorical balls to match. I feel somewhat like Sophie behaves and can finally understand why she does it. It is the best feeling in the world, standing up for yourself. Knowing they respect you because you do to. “Well?” I prompt when all three boys are looking anywhere but at me.
“The speed at which someone fully transforms makes a difference to their strength as a vamp.” Dominic explains when everyone else is busy doing things suddenly. Sam clearing a path to the door, Tyson letting the rabbit go.
“Okay?” I gesture at him for more information. “There’s different strength vampires? Aren’t you all the same?”
He lets out a loud sigh. “You said you only wanted to know what you needed to yeah?”
“Yeah...”
“Well that’s something for later.”
No now! “Okay.” I agree. He’s right I did say that and we have been in this cabin far too long. “Let’s do this.” I bounce up and down, clapping my hands like a MMA fighter does before a fight. On my third jump I fly up into the air and hit my head on the roof before I come crumbling back down to the ground, landing awkwardly on my side.
“Savannah!” The boys cry all rushing to me.
“Well ow.” I say shaking the debris off. “That was unexpected and just a little unpleasant.”
“You’re not hurt?” Dominic practically gets in my face, checking me over.
“Er, no.” I reply, getting up and moving away from him. This tingling sensation shot through my body when he touched me and to be honest it’s a little freaky. Too much too soon. “Should I be able to do that?” I ask pointing to the hole in the roof.
“Not until after the 24 hours.” Sam says, looking at Tyson. “How long has it been?”
“The time is almost eleven.” Dominic replies after a quick peak of his phone. “So almost five hours.”
“What no voodoo inbuilt time sensor?” I mock. God hear the attitude on me! Oh wait that’s right I’m a vampire now. “You seem to have everything else.”
The boys ignore me, all deep in thought it seems. “So it’s only been five hours and she can already jump.” Sam says more to Dominic and Tyson then me.
“Yes.” Tyson says. “But if that’s the case…”
“Then…” Sam adds and they both turn to stare at me.
“Then what?” I demand. I look at Dominic who is staring at me with an expression I cannot read.
“It means your powerful Savannah. Very powerful.” Dominic whispers and I just frown.
“I am so confused.” I mumble. “Powerful? What is that supposed to mean? Why do you people have to talk in cryptic terms?” Wait! Who cares! Food! “Actually you know what.” I raise my hands in surrender. “No more talking. Let’s go hunting. Too much talk too much staying here too much doing nothing.”
“Okay!” The boys all chorus, seemingly a little too eager to let it drop. Let it go Savannah. You’re a vampire remember? That means immortal… so there is a lot of time ahead. Hunt now facts later! I follow them out, concentrating hard, practicing my snail moves – they are nothing like Jagger!
As we step outside two things happen almost simultaneously. First I am hit by a large array of smells that make my nostrils flare and senses kick into over drive, and second, I freak out at just what I can see. Everything in minute detail from the veins in the grass blades right up to the individual fibres on trees several metres away.
“Oh my god!” I exclaim. “You see like this all the time?”
“Yes.” Dominic says. He is standing next to me and for once it is a comfortable stance. “We see like this all the time.”
“How do you cope?” I exclaim looking around everywhere. I gasp in awe as I look up to the sky and gasp, the moon is so clear and vivid it feels like I am looking through a telescope. I can see things – stars further then the human naked eye could see so the sky looks like it’s lit up by fireflies! – I can also see the satellites moving overhead too, so close and clear I think I am going to go cross eyed looking at them.
“It’s beautiful isn’t it?” Dominic asks instead of answering. I look at him out of the corner of my eye, he is looking up as well. Standing still beside me just far enough away that he’s no in my bubble but close enough I feel he is with me. I look back at the sky and nod silently in response. “It’s one of my favourite things to do at night. Look at the stars and count them.”
“It is beautiful.” I agree grinning. “I guess it will be one perk to this crazy madness.”
“You get used to it by the way.” He says a moment later. “Most reborns’ have about three or four weeks as their eyes adjust slowly. You my dear are apparently special so you are coping it all at once.”
“Dominic I have no idea what that means.” I say looking at him again, seriously. “Should I really worry about it?”
He looks at me and I can tell he is thinking. “No.” He answers finally. “Right now let’s not worry, let’s hunt.”
I nod wordlessly. A moment just happened between us that I know is important. I know I hate him a little less right now and that he is the Dominic I met out on the football field. Hot, charming and a true gentlemen. One that before my world was rudely interrupted I would have fought for just because something in me wanted him as mine.
He holds out his hand and I take it after a moment’s pause. We look into each other’s eyes and feel this weird vibe zip through us.
“T lets hold back and let them do this bit on their own.” Sam barely whispers but I hear it anyway.
“Way ahead of ya buddy.” Tyson replies, just as quietly. “I Smell some deer over there, let’s go.”
With that they quietly slip away and I am left alone with Dominic. I feel the tension skyrocket again and know I shouldn’t feel insecure but this is Dominic. And me. Frumpy dumpy me who can’t keep a guy to save her life. Um Savannah you’re a vampire. Focus here!
Several moments pass before he breaks the tension by tugging me down the hill. We travel silently – at human speed so I can practice – reaching the bottom of Mount Cookie in about twenty minutes. Neither of us speak, both going through our own thoughts. The trees are starting to thin out and I have a moment of panic, “Dominic I don’t know if I can do this.” I say just as we stop right at the edge of the college. “What if I really hurt someone? Or bite them the wrong way?”
“Savannah, baby girl, you will be fine.” He assures me, grabbing and squeezing my hand in silent support. I am grateful. Won’t admit it out loud to him but I am.
“If something goes horribly wrong and I don’t get a chance to say it I just want to thank you for…” I am cut off as a primal instinct in me comes out of nowhere. A scent that is so enticing, so sweet but so metallic at the same time wafts around me and my fangs protrude. “Oh my god.”
“Savannah remember try and be discreet.”
“Uh huh.” I humour him, releasing his hand and waving him away. I walk forward, sniffing the air like some random dog, following it until I find the source of the smell directly in front of me. “Oh my god that is the best smell in the world!” I whisper as I spring forward.

Dominic

I watch Savannah pin the human girl against the alley, her instinct telling her to cover the girl’s mouth for screams. I keep an ear out for any possible problems as Savannah bites the girl and gets her almost perfectly. Most people think – because of movies – that once your turned that’s it. Everything is perfect and comes to you naturally.
That’s not actually true. It’s called reborning for a reason. We are reborn from humans into vampires and just like small human children need to be taught how to be human, reborn vampires need to be taught how to be vampires. Yes we technically die – to change from what we were as a human to what we become as a vampire. There does need to be a transition – but we aren’t actually dead like the movies say. We feel, we mourn, we love and we get angry. We are frozen physically in time yes, it’s a perk of being immortal, yes we have skin that is ice cold, a reaction to our own blood leaving out system, but everything else is learnt.
And we still have our souls.
The creator can make or break a reborn vampire. It is frowned upon to turn anyone if you are less than a hundred vampire years old just because of the work that has to be done to create a healthy reborn vampire. So many things could go wrong at any time they say you the skills to be able to deal with them.
“Dominic what now?” Savannah says urgently. She is holding the young girl by the scruff and away from her like she is a disease.
“Did you lick her wound?”
“Yes.” She says, but double checks. She’s in a frenzy I can tell, but controlling it well. “What am I supposed to do with her now? We didn’t talk about that part.” She looks at the unconscious girl like she is a nuisance and almost snarls.
“Place her gently in the garden over there.” I point to a flower busy garden about twenty metres from us. “Lie her on her side and she will wake up in about ten minutes and not have a memory of it.”
“Can you do it?” She asks, practically throwing the girl at me. She is sniffing the air again and her eyes are trained ahead like a pit-bull dog’s would be. “I found another one. Oh my god how can you just stand there. She smells fantastic! You can’t have her but, she's mine.”
“Ah sure.” I say, catching the human girl before she hits the ground. “Feel privileged sweetheart.” I say to her sleeping form. “My girl chose you to be her first. That’s something we never forget.” I look around to make sure no one is watching and gently carry her over, placing her in the garden in a non-invasive, non-humiliating position. Like I said. We aren’t actually animals like legends say we are. We are like humans, we eat from other animals. Humans.
I turn back around trying to spot Savannah but she has disappeared from view. In a momentary panic I try to see her future, now that I know what her life altering situation was I should be able to get her back. But nothing. Nada. Zip. “Why can’t I get her?” I murmur to myself. I shake my head as if that may somehow help. “I can get everyone. Why can’t I get her?”
Frowning I start zipping around the place faster than humans can see. All they would feel is a breeze blow past them. It only takes me a moment but I spot her, she has a guy named Jason Morris pinned up against the wall. He is begging her not to hurt him and she's just grinning at him like he's a rat to her cat.
“Please!” She says mockingly. “As if you could do me any damage.” She laughs when he kicks at her stomach. “I am stronger then you will ever be. Faster than you will ever be. More than you will ever be! Now shut up, your whining is so annoying.”
Oh my god how did she get in a reborn rage so fast? I panic, realising she's in the worst state someone just turned can be in while hunting. Seeing Savannah like that is a little confronting for a moment until I see Sam and Tyson flying around the place licking the wounds of people everywhere, lying them all along the floor. “Oh my god.” I stutter when they stop. “She has to have at least bitten forty people!”
“Yes.” Sam says. “We need to stop her. She is going crazy.”
“How the hell did she get so many?”
“I dunno man.” Tyson says bringing a new person to join the prone party. “But she's crazy fast.”
“She’s wiped out half the party!”
“We need to get her away from here.” Sam says urgently.
“Agreed.” I say running vamp speed to her. “Savannah you need to stop.”
“Go away.” She hisses and turns to me, eyes wild and blood everywhere down her face. “He needs to learn his lesson. No one ever calls me a monster.” Well that explains where the reborn rage came from.
“Savannah you’re in a reborn rage.” I say laying a hand on her. “It’s where your human emotions and need for human blood clash. It happens when you have too much.”
“To much what?” She hisses at me like I'm crazy.
“You have fed to much honey.” I start rubbing her back in slow lazy movements. She is stiff at first but almost starts to relax instantly. “You have overloaded your system.”
“But he used to harass me!” She says with a little more aggression then is needed, although I keep rubbing her back. Jason is cowering like a dog and about to scream but Savannah clamps a hand over his mouth. “Shh you little dog.” She hisses at him and I will admit that that is hot. “No need to make yourself look more pansy then necessary.”
“Savannah you need to stop.” I say rubbing her back some more. A tactic I learnt from Abraham. Physical touch from another vampire helps sooth the human still in them down. “You don’t need any more for a while.”
“But…” She says, as she starts to shake. She loosens her hold on Jason and he slides down the wall so his feet are at least touching the ground. I’m getting through to her! “But he will know if I don’t bi…” She looks around us and sees all the bodies everywhere. “Oh my god.” She whispers, clearly upset. “Oh my god. I… oh my god… I… what have I done?” She releases Jason’s shirt and he desperately tries to get away. Sam is ready and discreetly takes him to the side, biting him and licking the wound so his mind is blank and our secret continues to be safe.
“Savannah?” I extend my arms and she just stands there, shaking and in shock.
“Dominic I’m… I’m a monster. He… he… he turned me into a monster.” She looks close to tears and seeing as vampires can’t actually cry that’s a bad thing. “Oh my god… What have I done?”
“Savannah shh.” I say rubbing her back again. The human that’s left in her responds well as she relaxes. “Every reborn does it.”
“As bad and as many as I did?” She asks hopefully.
“Umm…” I’m not sure whether to tell her the truth or lie to her. “I should have been watching, helping you.” I say instead and the hope in her eyes deflates. “It’s my fault this happened.”
“It’s bad isn’t?” She asks again, all the fight leaving her. “I hurt so many people….” That’s the one great thing about a reborn rage. The rage disappears just as fast as it comes.
“They are never even gonna remember.” I reply.
“But I’m a monster.” She looks at me, angry. And we’re back! “Zeke. Zeke made me this. He must die!”
“Baby...”
“Don’t baby me if you want to keep your testicles!” She says.
“Ba… Savannah you were just reborn raging. Its normal for you to be like this.” I say gently. Please let it be over soon! “I promise you it will get better!”
“How often do we have to feed normally?” She asks forcefully as she starts surveying around us as if Zeke is just randomly going to pop out of nowhere and yell ‘Surprise!’
“After the first twenty four hours it decreases dramatically.”
“How many times Dominic?!”
“When you’re a full vamp about once a week.”
“And when you’re a me?” She prompts.
“Once a day.” I concede finally.
“Oh my god.” She sighs. “I’m a monster.”

Savannah

“Dom she's been sitting there for almost twenty four hours.” Sam thinks I can’t hear him but I can. Of course I can. I’m a vampire now with super hearing and super speed and super god knows what else. “We are gonna have to do something.”
“Dude she just turned.” Dominic whispers back in the same quiet tone. “Give her some time.”
“We have!” Sam replies. “A whole damn day. She has to move. We need to get back to the school.”
“You go then.” Dominic says. “I’m not leaving her.”
“What about her friend?” Tyson says quietly. “Sophie is gonna wanna know what happened to her.”
“When you see her tell her that she had a fall and that I took her to the hospital.” Dominic says thinking fast. I have to admit he’s quick. “Tell her that the hospital here thought her arm may have been broken and that they are keeping her in for observations because of a head injury.”
“And when her friend wants to visit?”
“I dunno dude. It’s like 11pm visiting hours are over for today.”
“What about tomorrow?”
“Oh my god T really?” Dominic hisses in frustration at his friend. I know he’s trying to point out the obvious but right now the reality of what has happened to me and what I have become seems to be swallowing me up. “Let’s just get through tonight. We will worry about tomorrow at dawn.”
“Dude you sure you want us to leave?” Tyson seems unsure but desperate to get away. I can’t say I blame him, I have been dud company. Once Dominic pulled me out of the reborn rage I kind of fell into a sadness I have never before experienced. The thought of what I did last night and how everything has changed has really messed with my head.
How on earth does one cope with becoming something they didn’t even know existed? How does one cope with taking down forty odd humans – When I was one of them yesterday when I woke up and now I call them humans like they are a completely different species – in the space of about ten minutes? How on earth, and this is the biggest one that I am struggling with – how on earth does one cope with the fact that life has changed forever and there is absolutely no way to go back. My teachers, my friends, none of them can know what happened to me. How on earth am I meant to explain creepy red eyes to them? I can’t go back to school. Hell I can’t even go back to my dorm!
Sophie! What on earth am I going to do about Sophie? We only really have each other in this dingy hell hole and I have gone and disappeared on her. I can’t go back. But what am I supposed to do?
“Savannah?” Dominic’s soft voice rouses me from the thoughts that have plagued me for twenty four hours. “Savannah baby I need you to talk to me.”
“Go away.” I don’t want to talk to him. It’s because of him I’m like this. If he had just stayed away from me I would be at home sleeping in my warm cosy bed oblivious to this cold, cruel and crazy world.
“Baby girl you need to talk to me.”
“Go away.” I repeat deliberately shifting in my little corner so my back is facing him.
“Sav I know you’re probably wondering what the hell happened and how you’re gonna live now but it really doesn’t have to be that bad.”
I ignore him.
“Sav baby ninety percent of the teachers are vampires.”
Okay that has my attention. “Go away.” I say pretending not to be interested.
“Sav I know your curious.” Dominic puts his hand on my leg and squeezes. It’s that gesture that says I know you wanna be sooky la la and it’s okay but I’m gonna tell you what you need to hear anyway. And I hate those gestures because I always hate hearing what I need to hear. Who doesn’t?
I don’t answer him and he quietly sit’s next to me. Doesn’t touch me, doesn’t speak again and we sit there for so long I think he has fallen asleep.
“Are you asleep?” I can’t take the awkward silence anymore.
“We don’t sleep.”
“What?”
“We don’t sleep.” He repeats.
“Like ever?!” Surely they sleep sometimes. Everyone sleeps sometimes.
He shakes his head. “Like ever.”
“But how?...”
“I don’t know Sav, but I am four hundred and sixty six years old and have never slept once.”
“But how do you like… I don’t know… recharge the batteries so to speak?”
“We are immortal.” He says as if that answers everything. Uh well it doesn’t!
“And your point is what?”
“My point dear Ball buster of mine is that as an immortal we get the best of everything and the worst of nothing. Energy is included in that.”
“I’m not a ball buster!” I answer fiercely.
He raises an eyebrow at me.
“I’m not!” I say again. “In fact before I met you Sophie would always tell me that I was a prude and needed to stand up for myself more.”
“Well you clearly aren’t a prude now sweetheart.” Dominic grins at me and I want to smack it right off his face. “And I think the standing up for yourself part has certainly made an appearance.”
“Why am I so aggressive now?” I demand barely controlling the urge. Sit on your hands that may help! So I do.
“Everything now is all about being a reborn.” Dominic answers and I swear I am getting over hearing that word. “The first few days are really tough for everyone. But it gets easier as each dawn breaks. Things become a little clearer and a lot less complicated every single time. I promise.”
“How long does it take to become like you?” I ask, scared of the answer.
“You mean not raging like a manic one minute and then all sweet and beautiful and happy the next?”
If I could blush I would be. “Can vampires blush?”
“You still can.” He answers. “And it’s beautiful. But to answer your question after the first seven days you pretty much catch up physically. The first three months the mental side of it is all good and the first year all your own blood has vanished and your no longer anything human and everything vampire.”
“So your saying that I will be able to run like you, jump like you and lift things like you in a week?”
“You can already do most of those things now.” Dominic answers honestly. “Your transformation has been so far the quickest any of us have seen. The way you jumped and hit your head… I have never seen that in the first seven days.”
“Why what happens to others who do it?”
“I have never seen another do it.”
“Why could I do it then?”
“I really can’t answer that Sav.”
“Why not?”
“I don’t know the answer.”
“Oh.” I slump against the wall again. We sit there in silence, both in our own thoughts for an hour before I quietly ask, “How did you cope… in the beginning I mean? I keep thinking about how everything has changed. School, Sophie everything. It’s never gonna be the same again.”
“It doesn’t have to change Savannah.”
“How doesn’t it?” I cry smacking the wall and making it crumble under my touch.
“Easy babe.”
“Don’t babe me!” I cry before I can stop myself. “I told you not now!”
“Savannah I can’t help how I feel. I know deep down you got something in you. We wouldn’t be Eternal Mates otherwise. You wouldn’t be here otherwise.”
“Don’t you dare!” I scream at him, getting in his face. “Don’t you damn well dare tell me that we wouldn’t be anything otherwise! You made me this.” I scream in his face. Nose to nose. I can’t stop myself it’s like something has taken over my body. “You and that stupid mutt Zeke!”
“I didn’t make you this.” He says carefully.
“Yes you did!” I poke him in the chest. “You talked to me! You invited me into your world! You got a crazy ex family member you have been hunting stalking you back and you’re telling me you didn’t do this to me?”
“Savannah I’m sorry.”
“Ha!” I scoff smacking a bit of wall plaster near his head. It shatters instantly. “Do you think sorry is going to bring me back my life? Do you think it’s going to give Sophie back her friend? Do you think it’s even good enough to make me okay with what I am?”
Dominic looks at me raging for a moment, he is battling with himself. Then before I can so much as blink he kisses me. It’s not just a shut the hell up kiss either. This kiss is full of passion. Full of urgency and desire. Full of emotions that I am evoking in him. I will not admit he is bringing them out in me to! Hell no! I will not kiss him back!
At first I push against his chest trying to break his hold on me. He holds his lips against mine and refuses to give in. I stomp on his foot and he doesn’t even move. Okay now I’m pissed – and impressed! He won’t let me go so I knee him as hard as I possibly can right between the legs.
He lets me go only cos I send him flying upwards into the ceiling. His head smack’s into the roof and then goes straight through it. I gasp at the ferocious nature of it, of knowing I did it, while still struggling to cope with the constant raging one moment and practically hormonal the next – and it’s only been two days!
“Dominic!” I cry as he crumbles back down, landing on the floor like a starfish, “Oh my god talk to me!” I rush to his side. “Are you alright.”
At first he doesn’t move but then slowly he sits up. “Woman.” He says calmly. “You will be the death of me!”
“How do I make it stop?” I beg. “How do I make it all just stop? The confusion the anger the sadness the loss the panic all of it. Dominic tell me please! How do I make it stop?”
“Savannah.” He says getting up and grabbing both my hands like he just didn’t go through a roof. “Savannah listen to me.” He shakes my hands when I start hyperventilating.
I want to cry but nothing comes out. I take a deep breath and look up to meet his gaze.
“You are beautiful. You are going to get through this and I promise you come hell or high water we will kill Zeke. No I can’t undo what he did. No your life won’t ever be the same but I do promise you that with me and Sam and Tyson we will do everything in our power to make it good for you.”
“Yes.” I hear two voices from outside the door say together.
“Sam?” I say at the same time Dominic says “Tyson?”
They sheepishly walk through the door, metaphoric tails between their legs.
“We didn’t mean to interrupt your moment.” Tyson says meekly.
“But we wanted to make sure you’re doing alright Sav.” Sam adds.
“You guys only left like an hour ago.” I reply puzzled. “What could possibly happen in an hour?” Um a lot! Have you not been here for your little show?
“It’s almost dawn.” Tyson answers. “We have been gone about eight hours.”
“But it only feels like an hour.” I say even more confused.
“It happens sometimes.” Sam replies. “But what Dominic says is true. We always wanted a girl around.” He walks over to me and hugs me tight. “You’re gonna be the best sister a guy could ever ask for.”
“Oh yeah?” I ask smiling for the first time since this whole thing started. Genuinely. “And how is that?”
“You’re gonna help me get the girls!”
“No she's not!” Dominic says protectively and this time I actually like it.
“I’m not?” I tease him. “But Sam needs a wing woman!”
“Like hell he does.” Dominic all but hisses. I hide a smile – a real smile! Oh my god I’m smiling!
“You could just hook me up with your friend Sophie.” Sam grins at me and Tyson flinches behind him, it’s only subtle but I see it. his shoulders hunch and I immediately know why.
“Or not.” I smirk at Sam.
“Come one Savvie baby!” Sam goes all sugar and spice, batting his eyelashes at me. “You know she’d like me.”
“I’m sure she would,” I agree and Tyson looks even more deflated. “But she’s not for you.”
“Says who?” Sam demands and Tyson looks at me with panicked eyes.
“She’s human.” I say, tearing my gaze away from Tyson to Sam. “So nuh uh.”
“But…”
“Let’s go watch the sunrise.” I say, interrupting. I look at the three boys before me grinning goofily and not so subtlety letting Sam know to drop it. I feel for Tyson. “I want to remember this moment as one of the best first memories I have of being a vampire – wow it’s weird to say that!”
“Yes ma’am.” They salute me and Tyson extends his arm for me to link it with him. I grin at him as I do.

Dominic

I watch Savannah link arms with Tyson and smile.
“She’s gonna be okay isn’t she?” I say to Sam who I know is holding back to see how I’m doing.
“Absolutely.” He answers without hesitation. He’s telling me the truth. “It’s always tough dealing with a reborn, let alone your eternal mate reborn at the same time.”
“I don’t wish it upon anybody.” I answer his unspoken question. How am I coping? The stress and strain of wanting to save her from going through it at the same time knowing she needs to plays havoc with one’s mind. “Except maybe Zeke.”
“Why would he do that?” Sam asks just as the first rays of light shine over us onto the mountains. Savannah takes a deep breath and makes a lot of ooh ahh noises. Deep midnight blues light up the sky followed by pinks, yellows and purples as I look to the universe I smile. “Why would he want to kill a girl you just met who had absolutely no clue we even existed?”
“I don’t know.” I answer.  “I have been racking my brains for the better part of a night thinking about why. I don’t even think he meant to turn her. I think he meant to kill her.”
“Why do you say that?” Sam seems genuinely surprised.
“Just this gut instinct I have. Especially since the way he carried on when I was wrestling with him up the mountain.”
“But why?” Sam asks again, not expecting an answer, just trying to figure it out.
“I’m going to find out.” I say. “He must know something we don’t.”
“What could he possibly know that you don’t?” Sam sounds like he thinks I’m crazy. “You see everything!”
“I see people’s futures. There are many many futures for many many people.” I reply. “I don’t always know which one they will pick. Not only that I stopped seeing him after he killed the boys. I don’t know why but it’s the same with Savannah too. It’s like it’s some weird interference or something.”
“What you mean?” Sam seems genuinely surprised. “You saying you can’t see Savannah’s future anymore?”
“I could up until the party the other night. But then it stopped and I haven’t been able to get it back since.”
“What the hell is going on man?” Sam sounds awed, and nervous. “You used to be see everyone’s!”
“Except Abraham.”
“Except Abraham.” Sam nods. “But even Zeke’s… wait until six years ago yes?”
“Yep. I never saw him killing Abe, Brey and Censon.” I admit truthfully. I don’t know why but I never saw it. “Or maybe I didn’t want to see it.”
“I don’t know man.” Sam says knowing nothing he says will change my mind. I will hold that guilt in my non-existent heart until the day I die. The first ray of the sun suddenly lights up the morning sky. I can just see the tip of it on the horizon. “But do you think not being able to see Zeke and Savannah are somehow related?”
“I was wondering that too.” I answer. “I have no answers. Just lots of questions and I don’t know where to start.”
“I do.” Sam looks at me like he's ready for battle.
“Don’t say it.” I sigh, even though I know he's right.
“But he might know something.”
“I am not gonna lose her Sam.”
“Of course not.”
“But what if he chucks up a stink?”
“You’re the last pure Pure left Dominic. You can overpower him any day.” I look at him like he’s crazy and he gets frustrated. “Dude you are! You are a pure for god’s sake whether you believe it or not. Remember that.”
“Hey Dominic!” Savannah calls from somewhere near the small lake Cookie College has near it. “You gotta come check this out!”
“I’m coming Sav!” I call, shooting Sam a look that says speak of this to no one. Tyson doesn’t count. He would have heard everything anyway but was keeping Savannah occupied. Sam nods and I realise that I wouldn’t know what to do without them.
“What am I checking out?” I ask her appearing next to her and a smiling Tyson. Oh my god Tyson is smiling!
“The sun!” She exclaims like a little kid in a candy store. “Oh my god it’s so beautiful!”
“Yes you are.” I agree looking right at Savannah instead. She smiles at me until what I said registers. The smile drops a bit and she looks nervously from Tyson to me and back again several times.
“This is amazing!” She says an emotion filled moment later. “I could get used to sunrises like this!”
“I’m glad you like it.” I say. I look into her eyes and try to imagine the beautiful sky blue versus the red now. I want to enjoy this moment for what it is. Even though I know we need to go see the guy Sam mentioned earlier, I want to give this moment to Savannah. I’m not looking forward to it and I'm sure she won’t be either but he might give us some answers. “We are gonna go see someone today.” I say randomly when the sun has half risen.
“Sophie?” Savannah asks hopefully and I want to say yes. The look in her eyes makes me want to do anything she says.
“No.”
“Oh.” She deflates faster than a popped balloon.
“A guy that might be able to help us find answers about why Zeke bit you.”
“There are more vampires around here?”
“Yes honey.” I smile at her. She has no idea but she will. I just hope she doesn’t rage in front of them and say something stupid. “Lots.”
“Really?” She seems surprised. “But how can there be? Wouldn’t they all act funny or something? Wouldn’t people like notice?”
“You have read too many books.” I laugh. “You actually know who we are going to see.”
“I do?” She squawks. “Really?”
“Yes.”
“Well tell me who?”
“Adam Barton.”

Savannah

“Oh my god.” I gasp as all the signs now click. His eternal good looks and gentlemanly behaviour. The way he talks with authority like he’s known what he's talking about for decades. And oh my god does he know what he's talking about. I had him as a lecturer last year and the students all say the guy is like a walking encyclopaedia – on everything. Makes sense now! He’s had plenty of time to learn!
I stand there watching the sun for a few minutes absorbing the information Dominic has just told me and admiring the way the sun shines so brightly. A human would blind themselves doing this and yet here I am staring directly at it. A weird sensation comes over me as I am staring out into space. The tingling starts in my throat and spreads through my whole body.
“Dominic!” I squawk, panicking. “Dominic quick something’s happening to me!”
“What is it?” He asks instantly beside me.
“There’s this weird feeling going all over me!” I feel like I am going to hyperventilate.
“Like a tingling feeling mixed with banging your head against a brick wall?”
“Yes!” I exclaim relived he knows what I am talking about. “How did you know?”
“You need to feed again.” He says simply.
“Ah no.” I say backing up as if a human were in front of me now. “Absolutely not. Forget it. Never doing that again.”
“Savannah you’re not going to be as bad as you were the other night.”
“How do you know?” I say as I start shaking. This uncontrollable urge to fly down the mountain has overcome me and I am fighting really hard to stay put.
“It only happens that badly in the first twenty four hours.” Dominic stands next to me and puts a hand on my shoulder. He is trying to comfortable me but all he is doing is making it worse. “Savannah we can help you. Tyson has gone to get you someone to feed on. He will be only a moment.”
“I’m not… Oh my god yes I am… No I’m… Oh my god where is he? Oh no I have bi-polar!” I ramble as the battle between monster and human rages in me. “I am about to lose control Dominic.”
“Here.” Tyson reappears with two unconscious humans. “Feed and lick. Remember straight down.”
I shake my head and back up trying to get away from them. Then I take a breath in. “Oh Tyson.” I smile appearing next to him, eyes bright red and vampire overriding human in an instant. “They smell so good.”
“Sav just do it.” He urges and Dominic moves the girl’s hair for me. My will power snaps and I attack her with a ferocious maniac like behaviour. I get the bite perfectly this time and the girl’s reflexes make her jump slightly as I bite.
“Stop Sav.” Dominic commands and I actually have enough control to listen to him this time. I do stop and lick the wound.
“Oh my god I stopped!” I jump up and down in excitement. “I can do it.”
“Of course you can Savannah!” The boys all encourage. I feel like a child who has just gotten her first award. I take a deep breath in and the smell of the second person hits me. I freeze and my eyes dilate and his rich smell fills my nostrils. I involuntarily lick my lips and Dominic laughs at me as he kind of half tosses, half drags the guy to me. I devour him in seconds. Stopping when I have drained him to an almost dangerous level. Wait how do I know that?
I lick his wounds before tossing him back to Tyson without thinking. Tyson catches him and takes both him and the girl away. Disappearing quickly. I look to Dominic who is watching me with thinly veiled interest and I shudder at the look. “I stopped because for some reason I knew if I took anymore he would be in danger of dying.” I say to him. “How?” I don’t really know how to ask the question.
Lucky for me Dominic seems to get it but, “Our instincts warn us. Kind of like how humans won’t kill every single cow so they can keep the food supply going? I guess we are sustainable creatures like that too.” He pokes his tongue out at me. Eyes glowing bright with humour. “Food is plentiful if it stays alive to produce more.”
“You so did not just say that!” I laugh at him. I feel so much better. A lot calmer, happy even. “I feel different this time.” I say aloud.
“Your reborn rage is dying down.” Dominic answers walking over to me. He holds out his hand and I stare at him. “You may still get an episode or two over the next few days but the worst of it is gone – I think.”
“So I won’t turn into a multi-human eating monster again?”
Tyson appears again at the moment and chuckles at me. “No.” He says smiling while looking at Dominic’s hand and back to me again. He frowns slightly but says nothing. “In fact you actually did that party a favour.”
“I did?” I ask the same time Dominic and Sam both say “She did?”
Tyson looks at us all and laughs. “Yes. Because so many went down they are calling it a magical party. Saying that something in the air that night made it super special and people are feeling better than ever before.”
“Weird.” I say shrugging. “But I’m glad to know that everything is okay.”
“Totally.” Tyson nods. “They are calling it the party of the century.”
Dominic rolls his eyes and waves his hand around as if to remind me he is waiting. “Okay enough she’ll get a big head if you keep talking.” He says with a grin then grows serious, “We are going to go see Adam.” He directs at Tyson and Sam. “You two start repairing the cabin.”
Both boys take off without another word. “What the hell is that about?” I demand putting my hands on my hips.
“We are wasting time.” Dominic says like a grumpy bum. And I thought I had mood swings.
“Dude you said yourself we are immortal. There is lots of time.”
“I don’t care,” He says sharply and grabs my hand. He yanks me along and I am stunned enough to allow him for a moment before I resist.
“Stop.” I order him, digging my heels in and yanking my hand out of his grasp. “I don’t care what knickers you have twisted right now you big Doofus head but you will never treat me like that ever.” I get in his face and whisper in my most menacing tone, “And I mean ever. Got. It?”

Dominic

I don’t know what has come over me. The beautiful girl before me is all fire and fury right now and I am honestly a little hot for it. She is sexy and she doesn’t even know it. “Yes.” I answer simply, ashamed that I would practically drag her along. “I am sorry.”
She studies me a moment, clearly weighing up what she wants to do before she sighs heavily. “Okay,” She says to my surprise.
“Okay?”
“Yes Dominic. Okay.”
“Um okay?”
“Clearly you have been under stress the last few days. With me and Zeke and everything.” She looks at me sympathetically and I want to kiss her again. “So I get it. But if you ever speak to me like that again or try to yank me like that I won’t hesitate to hurt you got it?”
“Yes ma’am.” I salute her and she smiles.
“Let’s go see Adam then.” She starts walking down the mountain. “Does he know about me?”
“No.” I answer honestly. “They all know someone new was turned because of the chaos of Friday night but not who.”
“Today is Sunday yes?”
“Yes.”
“So that means no classes?”
“No.”
“So where do we go then?”
“To his house.”
“I don’t know where his house is,” She stops, unsure.
“I do.” I reply giving her a little shove to get her moving again. She gives me a raised eyebrow and I lift my hands in surrender.
“Of course you do.” She huffs.
I shift through my mind, looking for the best outcome. The one where Adam will be cooperative with us. Help us with what we need. I can’t see shit.

Savannah

First thing I notice when we get to the bottom of the mountain is the rich smell of lots of humans. It doesn’t nearly interest me as much now as it did two days ago so I can continue on unaffected. “Is it okay for me to be around here?” I ask as Tyson and Sam catch up to us.
What feels like several minutes to me has actually only been seconds. Clearly we talk and communicate fast too.
“Yes.” Sam says hurrying forward to catch up with an out of it Dominic. His mind is clearly somewhere else. I wonder what’s going on there? “No students come on Sundays. And we aren’t going to the college we are going to Barton’s house.”
Tyson walks ahead of me without another word and I wonder if he is still angry at me. “Hey T.” I whisper quietly to him grabbing his arm. He stops and I can tell he's scared of what I am going to say. He doesn’t seem angry, just sad.
“Yeah?” He says hesitantly.
“I’m sorry.”
He looks at me a moment confused. As if he can’t work out why I’m apologising. Then it clicks. “Oh Savannah don’t worry about it.” He shrugs it off like it’s no big deal. But that’s a lie. It is a very big deal. His eyes tell me so. “I’m okay.”
“Honey don’t lie to me” I say stubbornly. “I didn’t realise that you liked Sophie. I don’t even think Sam knows.” He looks very uncomfortable now and I feel bad. “Does she know?” I ask.
“That I am in love with her?” He clarifies. I nod. “No.”
“Why not?”
“Because she can’t know.”
“Why not?”
“Savannah no disrespect but I don’t really want to talk about it with you.”
“Oh okay.” I say slightly taken aback. I back off, knowing he won’t budge. “Fair enough. But if you ever want to talk to a girl I promise I am generally a pretty good secret keeper.”
He smiles. “Sure.” He says and I’m not sure if it is to humour me or genuine. He walks off, catching up to Dominic and Sam who are deep in conversation.

Dominic

“But if we take her and he gets pissed then what?” I say forcefully. “I’m not gonna let anything happen to her.”
“See into the future man. Pick the best outcome. Let’s just do that one.” Sam replies.
“But I can’t.” I say frustrated.
“What you mean you can’t?”
“I cannot see Savannahs future anymore and since we are going because of her I can’t see the outcome – I tried.”
“All the more reason to go see him.” Sam says looking at Savannah. “She’s gonna need him if you can’t help her.”
“I am worried.” I say honestly.
“About?” Tyson asks.
“About her.”
“Dude she's tough, and she's gonna be a strong vamp.” Tyson says patting me on the back. “Look at where she's at now and it’s only been two days. She's a fast turner. She’s strong and she’s smart. She will be alright.”
I roll my eyes at Tyson letting what he said sink in. He has a point but doesn’t mean I have to like it. “Savannah, Barton’s house is just around the corner are you ready?” I say turning back to her instead of answering him.
“Sure.” She says eyeing us all suspiciously when Sam and Tyson hold back and I just stand there. “Should I be worried?”
“No.” Tyson says the same time I say “Yes.”
She looks at us both more confused than ever.
“He’s just a grump normally.” Tyson supplies shooting me shut-up daggers.
“He’s never been a grump to me.” She says confused. “He has taught a few of my classes. If anything he seemed to go out of his way to help me.”
“Yeah that’s because you weren’t a reborn vampire.” I mutter under my breath as I knock on Barton’s door.
“Is that really important?” She whispers as we hear movement in the house.
“Come in.” The gruff voice answers. “Ladies first.”
“Mr Barton?” Savannah says opening the door and peering her head in. Everything is dark and although we see like its dusk in the dark Savannah is still cautious.
“Come in sweetheart.” He says, his voice smoothing out. He sounds like an old man and not at all like a human who was 30 years old when turned. “I have been waiting for you.” He urges when Savannah doesn’t move.
“You have?” She asks stepping in cautiously.
“Of course dear.”  He says from the lounge room. Savannah gingerly steps forward. “You caused quite a stir the other night.” Barton says into the darkness and Savannah chuckles sheepishly. I follow her closely behind, placing a hand on her shoulder in a silent show of support. She squeezes my hand to let me know she's received the message and I want to do a happy dance. Progress!
“You know it was me?” She asks.
“Of course my dear.” Barton says patiently. He’s never been patient with me like that!
“I didn’t mean to cause such a scene. I didn’t really understand what was going on but.” Savannah blurts out walking into the lounge room. She stops just inside the doorway. The lounge room is light and airy. Not at all what you would think for a grumpy old vampire. Everything is in neutral tones of cream, light brown and white but it is modern and comfortable.
In the middle of the room the only odd looking piece of furniture is sticking out like a sore thumb. The brown and black striped recliner is gently rocking back and forth and I have to control myself not to laugh as I get a vision of Barton sitting there rocking on it twiddling his thumbs.
“I know my dear I know. No one is judging you.” Barton stands up and gone is my image of a grumpy old man. Instead the guy is smiling and dressed casually. He looks young and hip with his messy blonde hair tousled to within an inch of its life and his bright green eyes shining brightly at Savannah. She’s mine bitch so back off. I warn him silently through my look. He merely looks at me and laughs. He walks up to Savannah and grabs both her hands. “You’re a special one my dear. Such a shame your turning was done in such an ugly way.”
“Excuse me?” She squeaks as Tyson, Sam and I share a look. They are thinking the same thing I am. What the hell is he on about?
“You are special.” Barton repeats closing his eyes. They start fluttering as he takes in a big sigh. “You are going to do many great things. Have you tried either of your gifts?”
“My whats?”
“Gifts my dear.” He says as if talking to a small child. He opens his eyes when she doesn’t respond. “You don’t know about your gifts?” He asks her but looks to me with a deadly calm that would scare most. Not me. I know him. We have fought. I did not become a pure just because I look pretty. A lot of hard work and dedication happened to make me become what I am.
“No.” She says unsure spinning around and pinning us with an evil look too. It’s a cross between ‘you had made me look like an idiot’ and ‘I’m going to kill you for it’.
“You in big trouble now.” Sam murmurs in my ear and I punch him in the face. He doesn’t flinch, but does back off.
“What are gifts Mr Barton?” Savannah prompts again.
“Adam.” He turns back to her.
“Okay Adam.” She repeats. “What gift are you talking about?”
“Gift ssss. Plural. More than one. The one bitten into you and the one that is yours to have and give and because you’re you, Miss Savannah Greene. The one that is your destiny.”
Savannah looks over to us again clearly confused.
“All vampires get given gifts when they turn. We don’t know why or how but every single vampire so far has. We all get two.” I look at her, pleading for her to understand. “And just so you both know upfront,” I say looking between Adam and Savannah. “The reason I chose not to tell you was because you asked us to only tell you what you needed to know. Gifts don’t appear until after the first week so I figured it wasn’t a need to know.”
Savannah’s eyes instantly soften and she nods. Adam, seeing this loses some of his fight in his eyes. He’s got a soft spot for Savannah already… I don’t know if I like that.
“My gifts,” I say to change my thinking to something where I won’t rip my teachers head off, “Are to see the subjective future of anyone I lay my eyes on and the gift of auras. The future is my own personal, just me, gift and the aura one I got from my mentor.”
“Oh.” She looks at me like I am crazy. “Auras?” She says puzzled.
“He is not crazy my dear.” Adam says, eyes closed again, he is still holding her hand. “Every thing on the planet, living and not, has an energetic field. Humans’ energetic fields – or auras – change colour when things happen to them, when they feel certain ways. Please trust Dominic my dear, he is not crazy. He does know what he is talking about.”
“How do you know I was thinking that?” She squeaks.
“My gift is astral sight.” He replies. “The only power to override anything and everything.”
“Huh?” Savannah looks like she's going to fight. “How do you even know that?”
“I was an angel from above who was attacked by an old vampire a thousand years ago, then got stuck on Earth because he made a vampire so I lost my wings. They didn’t know what to do with me so sent me down here to live out eternity but let me keep my angel powers.”
“Huh?” Savannah says as I stare at Barton in shock. Even I didn’t know that. Why is he telling a reborn something like that? No wait. Why is he telling my Savannah that?
“Yeah huh?” I demand. “Angels exist?”
“Of course they do.” Adam replies looking at me like I am a few picnics short of a bunch.
“But how?”
“How do vampires exist? How do humans exist? How does planet Earth exist? How does the universe exist? We were all created. Given life to learn, to love, to be.” He ignores me and an open mouthed Sam and Tyson as he concentrates on Savannah. “And you my dear. Your fate will hold high challenges but I am sure you’re up to it.”
“My fate to do what?” Savannah asks. “Huh?”
“For one to become queen, evil must be undone but what must be undone must first be redone and only then will all be set free then with her king the queen will reign with dignity.”
“What on earth does that mean? Mr B… Adam?” Savannah asks and I nod along with her. She is standing there hardly moving.
“It means my dear you have a great journey ahead of you. Much to learn and much to master. Much to conquer. Your fate has you destined to do great things.”
“I’m not just gonna be a vampire who lives aimlessly forever?” She says and I grin.
“No my dear.” Adam chuckles. “You have many a hard times in store. But you, as long as you believe, will conquer. Your fate has been infinite.”
“Believe?” I ask. “Believe in what? My fate is infinite? What does that even mean?”
“Savannah your gifts are powerful. You must train, learn to master them. Control them so they do nothing but what you ask of them...” Adam lets go of her hand and blinks. “The others? Those you must overcome? They are dangerous and have far more forces working for them than even I anticipated.”
“Barton!” I bark at him. “What are you on about? You’re talking a whole bunch of nonsense!”
Adam looks at me coyly. “Patience dear pure one.” He smiles. “Savannah,” He turns to her again and she's standing there still stunned. “Come I want to see if your gifts work yet.”
“It’s only been two days.” Sam cuts in, stepping forward. “They can’t be.”
“Has anything about her turning been normal dear Sam?” Adam smiles at him knowingly. Sam stops short and thinks for a moment.
“No.” He relents. “She is one of the fastest, if not the fastest, I have ever seen turn.”
Adam nods walking towards the kitchen, Savannah’s arm in the crook of his. “Come Savannah we must see.”
“I don’t have gifts.” She mumbles but allows him to drag her along. “Seeing the future is impossible. So is seeing auras. Why are you people talking like this? And conquering. Pfft we don’t live in the medieval times anymore. Strong forces? Seriously? When will this dream end?”
“This is no dream Savannah. Two days ago vampires were impossible to you. Yet today here you are two days later and you are one.” Adam says. No shit! I have seen it all. I think frowning. “You must believe otherwise nothing will work and everything will fall apart. Savannah this is important.”
Savannah looks at me and back at Adam. An internal war is raging inside her. “What are they then?” She asks finally as we all huddle around the kitchen sink.
“What are what?” I ask dumbly.
“My powers.” Savannah rolls her eyes like I should have known. “Why are we at the kitchen sink?”
“Yes.” I agree. I would like to know too.
“Move this apple to the stove.” Adam places an apple in front of her.
“Okay.” She says picking up and moving it.
“No my dear.” Adam chuckles, stopping her. “With your mind.”
“My mind?” 
“Zeke gave you the gift of moving objects with your mind. That was his personal power and he gave it to you. Sam has the same gift.”
“Well he can take it back.” She says stubbornly, tilting her nose in the air and crossing her arms. “I don’t want that one. I do not want anything but to kill that stupid son of a bi…”
“Savannah hush. Do not be childish.” Adam chides, cutting her off. “What was done is done. You must not let the bitterness eat you up otherwise you will never be able to complete your fate.”
“I don’t care about my…”
“Hush my dear. Words said of hate can never be taken back. Once said aloud they will always be branded into ones soul and that of the person they were said to too. You must always think before you speak and speak before you do. If you do that you will always do right.”
When he's not pretending to be a cool hip teacher he is actually really whacko. I think noticing Savannah, Sam and Tyson all staring at him like he is a few sandwiches short of a picnic too. Thousand year old vampire – and an angel. Whatever that means. Gonna have to find that out later. He talks so weird when he’s not around humans.
Savannah clamps her mouth shut as Adam stares in a Mexican stand-off with her. She seems to be getting agitated and restless and I am worried another reborn rage is coming.
“Savannah.” I say taking a step forward. “You need to keep calm or you will rage again.”
“How about you shove your foot up you’re a….”
“Savannah no.” Adam commands taking control of the situation. She freezes mid insult giving him the biggest death stare ever. “Move the apple.” He orders saying nothing further about her tanty and merely pointing to the apple. “With your mind.” He adds when she takes a step towards it, hand outstretched again.
“No.” She says stubbornly, crossing her arms over her chest. “I want to go home. I want to wake up from this ridiculous dream and never frickin sleep again in my life. I want to get away from all you lo…”
“Words said in hate and anger can never be undone. Think before you speak and speak before you do.” Adam cuts her off again. He seems to be controlling her emotions well because even though she looks ready to smack him in the head she listens. Again another internal battling raging through her.
“You may go home after we test to see if your powers are working yet or not.” Adam says. “Clearly you are not as strong as I thought you to be. Maybe I was mistaken about you.” He gives he a look I know well. She eyes him back with the same look. Challenge accepted.
“Not as strong as you thought me to be?” She screams in his face, the rage taking full hold now. “Oh my god dude.” She hisses, slamming her fist on the bench and putting it right through. She doesn’t even flinch as it cracks straight down the middle almost all the way to the end. “How is that not strong? If you want me to show you strong I will rip you a new as…”
“Savannah what is said aloud can never be undone. Especially words of hate. You are reborn raging and you will be quiet.” Adam repeats so quietly, calmly, that I even get scared. She gold fish mouths in shock at him before her eyes narrow to slits and she lifts her nose and crosses her arms in a show of defiance – again.
“Pfft.” She hisses training her gaze to the apple. “Do you think I care what you say? No! I don’t want to be this. I want to go home and see Sophie and go to school and be boring! I want to eat a burger and drink a chocolate milkshake and I don’t want to be a monster that drinks human blood!” As she rants she raises her hands in frustration. A gurgling bubbling sound comes up through the pipes.
“What is that?” Sam asks getting nervous.
“It sounds like boiling water.” Adam replies looking around too. He seems to be just as confused as we are and in a way that makes him more normal, like he doesn’t know what is going on for once in his life after all. If I thought my gifts were powerful, his are way better. I wonder… I think watching him. I wonder if the astral gift is what makes him talk that way. Maybe? Maybe there’s like an underlying power there that we don’t know about? I shake my head. Bubbles and steam start coming out of the sink hole.
“Look at the pipes.” I say pointing, surprised.
“What's happening?” Savannah demands, red eyes full of fury.
“There is a noise coming out of the pipes.” Adam replies as I step forward. “I wonder…” He says but stops midsentence. He looks at Savannah thoughtfully.
“Maybe we can flush it out?” I say about to turn the tap on.

Savannah

I am reborn raging again. I think watching the others watching the apparently gurgling pipe. God this sucks. I just want to be normal again. Adam seems to be able to calm me down and I seem to be gaining some control but I still feel like ripping all their heads off. No I can’t! Take a deep breath and woo-sa if you have to Savannah. I take a deep breath and close my eyes. I picture calmness and me keeping it together. 
The last two days have been horrible and part of me just wants to run away for a while and have a moment. Have a moment to catch up and hope that I wake up and it really is all just a dream. I lower my hands to my sides, taking deep breaths in, concentrating on calming myself down. Woo-sa… woo-sa… woo-sa!
“Dominic wait.” Tyson says, listening.
“The gurgling is going away.” Adam says, stopping Dominic.
“Yes it is.” He agrees letting go of the tap.
Interesting. I think wondering. Adam said something about gifts and having two. One that is given and one that is mine alone. I know Zeke gave me the power to move stuff with my mind but I don’t know what my other gift is.  I think about the tap and wonder how I am going to do it. My emotions are all over the place and I raise my hands to wipe my face.
“It’s coming back.” Tyson looks surprised. He looks at me.
“Savannah?” Dominic asks cautiously. “Are you doing it?”
“I don’t know.” I answer honestly. Reborn rage gone. God they really do come and go really fast don’t they? I look at Adam as I lower my hands and again the bubbling gurgling disappears.
“Adam?” I say looking at him. He nods at me so I look at the pipes and lift my hands again. The gurgling and bubbling comes back. “It is me?” I ask more than say.
“Dominic turn the tap on.” Adam instructs, stepping back. “Only do it a little bit. I don’t want water everywhere.”
“Water everywhere?” Tyson asks confused but I think Adam knows something that we don’t.
“Savannah concentrate.” Adam orders, completely ignoring the rest of us. “Make the water jump from that side of the sink to the other side before it flows down.”
“I don’t think I can do that.” I shake my head.
“Don’t be a chicken.” He orders.
“I’m not a chicken!” I gasp.
“Make the water move then.”
“I can’t…”
“Chicken.”
“Fine!” I retort rolling up the sleeves on my jacket as if that is somehow going to help, I bounce on the balls of my feet and take a deep breath. “I can do this.” I say aloud. “Totally. Yep…. Easy peasy. Water move!” I command it. Concentrating on making the water change the directions over the wall between the two sinks.
Nothing happens. Well that stinks.
“Try again,” Adam commands. “Clear your mind of nothing but the water. Believe.”
“Okay okay okay!” I cry a little frustrated. I growl out loud before I let out another calming breath. “Water move.” I say loud and clear this time, feeling a little silly to be honest.
Nothing happens.
“Concentrate.” Adam orders again. “Clear your mind Savannah, you’re still thinking about nonsense. You still think nothing will happen but it will. Think of only the water and the direction you want it to go.” He sounds so patient I almost feel guilty for being a miserable student right now. “I believe you can do it. You need to believe too. Believe Savannah. Believe the water is yours to control. Believe you can control it. That you will control it.”
“Mine to control. I can control it. Right okay. The water is mine to control. I can so totally do this.” I pep myself up, zoning everything else out. I really try to clear my mind and focus on the water. “Water move.” I command with authority. For a moment nothing happens, but this time, instead of giving up, I close my eyes and picture the water skipping over the side of the double sink and pouring into the hole there, really focusing on it. Imagining the water flowing freely but how it flows being completely in my control.
A gasp makes me open my eyes. The next gasp is my own. The water is flowing sideways over the middle of the sink wall before curving back down to fall straight into the drain of the other basin. “Oh my god I did it!” I exclaim, my concentration slipping a little. The water relaxes and splashes everywhere.
“Ah!” Dominic exclaims jumping out of the way. He looks awed. Tyson and Sam are standing in the corner quietly observing, they both look shocked too.
“Savannah move the apple.” Adam commands. He seems to be the only one unfazed by my achievement. He is pointing to the apple I moved from the sink to the oven with my hand.
“With my mind?” I ask dumbly and for the first time he looks at me with agitation.
“Now.” He orders, ignoring my stupidity. Of course he meant with my mind. He’s only been telling me to do that for the last twenty minutes! Try to keep up dear!
“Okay okay!” I jump to it and stand directly in front of the apple. I focus again like I did the water and concentrate. Closing my eyes, I picture it rising off the oven and moving over the top of the sink into the garbage bin.
“Oh my god she did it!” I head Dominic gasp from somewhere behind me as a gentle thud echoes in my ears. I startle a little so tilt my head back and picture the apple coming out of the bin before I open my eyes to see the apple hovering just above it. As my concentration waivers the apple drops in with the same thud as just moments before. “No reborn has ever had their powers before the first week!”
“Really?” I ask spinning to face him. He looks mesmerised. Awed even.
“Savannah you are special.” Adam walks forward and places a necklace with a bright red-stone heart pendant and diamond encrusted sparkles scattered throughout it into my hand.
“What's this?” I ask feeling a warm tingling feeling shoot up my arm.
“That’s the Amulet of Eternity!” Sam gasps stepping forward. “It is supposed to be a myth! How the hell do you have it Adam?!” He reaches out to touch it but Adam smacks his hand away. Sam yelps and jumps back.
“What the hell is going on?” I demand looking at Sam’s frightened face.
“All in good time my dear.” Adam says patting me on the back. “Know only this. Wear the necklace and never take it off… Ever.”
“Um okay?” I look at him like he is fifty shades of crazy. “Why?”
“Because I say so dear.” Adam rolls his eyes at me. “Come you must go now. I have some people visiting with me soon and I must clean up the water.” He starts ushering us towards to door.
“Adam what am I meant to do now?” I panic. I’m not ready to leave yet. “Why do I need to wear the amulet?”
“Go. Practice. Practice your mind control with your power. Practice your movements. Practice your human speed. You will learn more with practice.” He looks to Dominic, Tyson and Sam who haven’t said a word since Sam tried to touch the pendant. “It is you three on whom she will depend. You must help her become as strong as she can be. It is of the utmost importance.”
“Does Savannah have something to do with my wanting to kill Zeke?” Dominic asks, stepping forward. “She doesn’t need to be involved. I know his weakness. I will take him out myself.”
“Dominic you are of pure heart.” Adam says raising a hand to calm him. “You are the last remaining pure heart. Keep it that way.”
“So what am I meant to do then?” He demands. “Just let him get away with killing Abraham, Brey and Censon? Trying to kill Savannah?”
“Justice will be done.” Adam smiles at us all. He knows something we don’t. “Now out with you all. We are done for now.”
We all walk out without another word. Adam promptly shuts the door and I get the distinct feeling all of us are at least somewhat confused and, if I am to be honest, I myself am a little frightened. All this talk of fights and powers and things is a lot to handle. I don’t really know what to think about it all.
I just turned into a vampire for goodness sake. Something that isn’t meant to exist. Two days old and already my life is being pulled out from under me. If only I could go back in time. I would live more and sook less – hide less. I would go out and party like Sophie wanted me to and create chaos wherever I wanted. I would live. I would be fun. I would honour my family by not living when they had their choice taken away.
The thought of my family sets of a fresh batch of emotions. So many I know I have to stop thinking, I let out a little sigh as the emotions threaten to overwhelm me.
“Savannah?” Dominic asks catching up with me. “How are you coping?”
“I thought we went there for answers.” I reply a little harshly. I can’t help it.
“Yes we did.” He says not at all taken aback. Clearly my outbursts are growing on him – or he understands.
“I ended up more confused than not?” I sigh, knowing my statement sounds more like a question, but that’s because I have absolutely no clue. “Am I really that clueless?”
“No it is not just you.” Dominic laughs, assuring me and I breathe a sigh of relief
“Oh thank god!” I say smiling. “I thought it may have just been me being dumb and so new to being a vampire so I couldn’t keep up.”
“I have no idea what is going on.” Dominic laughs at me again, not in a mocking way but in a yeah-I-know-how-you-feel kind of way. “When he doesn’t have to play the awesome teacher he actually really is quite weird.”
“I’ll say.” I agree. “Here I was thinking he was like the best teacher in the world cos he was so relaxed. Clearly that’s cos at home he’s got a pole up his butt.”
“Savannah!” Dominic cries trying to keep a straight face.
“What?” I ask innocently, batting my eyelashes. “He does!”
Dominic just laughs but says nothing further. His laughter makes me feel better and knowing I am the cause of such joy on his face silently fills me with glee – not that I will tell him that!
“I take that to mean you agree with me but aren’t willing to say so then.” I say poking my tongue out at him. “Sam?” I say turning back to the boys behind me. “Tyson?”
“I think I stopped listening to Barton properly after you made the water move like that.” Tyson grins at me. “That was pretty cool! Even though Sam has the same mind control power as you he has never been able to move water like that.”
“Really?” I squawk looking to Sam in surprise.
“Yes.” He says cautiously. “But I can only move solid objects not liquids.”
“Oh.” I say dumbly. What am I meant to say to that? Sorry dude you got jipped, here let me splash some water on your face and rub it in a little more?
“I’m the flirtiest one, not the one with the brains.” Sam grins, changing the subject completely as if the understands my awkwardness to the situation. “Maybe I just don’t try hard enough. I know I switched off in there that’s how confused I got and its pretty common for me to do that.”
“What are we supposed to do then?” I ask.
“We are going to go eat.” Tyson pulls on Sam’s shirt. Sam looks surprised at first but then seems to get some invisible message.
“Yes we are.” He says nodding. “We will see you back at the cabin.”
“Don’t forget to bring the wood.” Dominic says as they turn to leave.
“The wood?” I ask. “Why do we need wood?”
“It’s not for a fire Savannah.” Dominic chuckles, as if he could somehow read my mind. “It’s to fix all the holes you put in the walls and ceiling and floor of the cabin.”
“We are staying in that cabin?” I cry in a girlish voice, my nose turned up.
“It’s home.”
“Really?!” I squeak, unable to hide my dismay.
“It’s not as bad as you think.” Dominic says patiently. “It’s private, comfortable – when the furniture is in its right places and away from humans – It will become home soon enough.”
“Can’t I go back to Sophie?”
“Not until you have yourself under control and your eyes go back to blue.”
“Oh.” I mumble absently playing with the amulet. I flip it over idly in my hands and see an inscription that looks to be in ancient letters. “Wait my eyes aren’t blue?”
“No.”
“Why not?”
“Because as a reborn your eyes turn bloodlust.”
“Bloodlust?”
“Bright red.”
“Oh.”
“It’s okay Sav.” Dominic smiles at me empathetically. “They will actually be brighter and hotter in a few weeks then they were when you were human.”
“Really?” I say doing a happy dance.
“Yes.”
“Thank god!” I smile, finally feeling some hope. I play with the amulet in my hand, tossing it around observing it carefully. “What language is that?” I ask, showing Dominic. We lean in close together and I suddenly become aware of just how close he is. Panicking I snap my head back and move away, almost dropping the amulet in the process.
“I don’t know.” He answers and I think I see hurt flash before his eyes.
“I’m sorry.” I whisper.
“For?”
“Hurting you with my – uh less then spectacular response to your claims of us being Eternal Mates. For being a pain in the butt with all my mood swings. Ruining the cabin…”
“Oh that.” Dominic says. He holds no emotion in his voice, just more acceptance which makes me feel even worse. “It’s okay.” No it’s not.
“Tell me more about how the eternal mates’ thing works?” I ask as I gesture for us to walk casually up the mountain – human speed. I do after all need the practice. That and it gives me an excuse to hang out with just Dominic. No one else but he and I.
“Tell you about it?” He repeats sounding unsure.
“Yeah, like what exactly is it and how does one find it and all that.”
“To be honest Savannah I don’t think you want to know right now.”
“Why not?”
“Because you may not like being told your fate was to always be with me. Like before you were even born fate. Like infinitely fated.”
I open and close my mouth like a gold fish as I take what he said in. In the end I sigh in resignation. “Your right. I don’t want to know.” I pat him on the shoulder as the hope in his eyes fades. “But doesn’t mean I won’t be up to it later okay? Just right now I think I need a chance to catch up on all I have learnt up until now. Process all that before I add more?”
“Okay.” He says nodding, appeased. “I can handle that.”
I smile at him sweetly, for the first time really taking in his green eyes. They are very bright, stunning even, and the way his face is all chiselled and flawless is actually kind of sexy. My eyes move to his lips and full pouty lips are grinning at me. My head snaps back to his eyes and I realise I have been busted checking him out. I go all shy, turning my back to him.
“Sav.” He says whispering in my ear, he is standing so close I get all tingly from my spine to my toes. “It’s okay, I check you out too.”
“Oh my god!” I breathe as his breath sends tingles up and down my spine once again. “I… um… yeah… um…”
“Savannah it’s okay. We have all the time in the world. I have waited four hundred and sixty six years for you what’s another few weeks?”
“Weeks hey?” I say coyly, grateful he let me off the hook. “That confident are you?”
“Sav baby,” Dominic grins at me like I just issued him a challenge. “I promise you that within two weeks you will want us to be together without my even trying.”
“Yeah okay.” I say getting all up in his face so our lips are only millimetres apart. “We will see who breaks first.” I promise in my most seductive voice – please let it actually be seductive and not some corny thing where I am making a fool of myself – as I stare him down. He gulps and blinks rapidly a few times. I mentally fist pump the air. Yes! No stupid moments for me! I win!
We stare at each other in a charged moment before he pulls away first looking at the amulet still in his hands. “I wonder what it’s for?” He flips it over back and forth as if he is hoping something will pop out and tell us.
“Sam seemed to recognise it.” I say as Dominic hands it back to me.
“Yeah he did didn’t he? What did he call it again?”
“The Amulet of Eternity.” I supply.
“That’s right.” He nods. “I wonder who it belonged to.”
“Is there any way we can find out?” I ask. I'm curious to know why Adam would give me something so rare that even a Pure Vampire didn’t know about it actually existing.
“I don’t know.” Dominic answers honestly again. “I’m starting to wonder about many things. Like if there is like something going on that is preventing my power from working on certain people.”
“What you mean?” I ask confused.
“I used to be able see everyone’s future. Everyone but Abraham, all I had to do was look at them once and no matter where they were I could still see it whenever I wanted to. That’s why I used to be the one to go and terminate all the rouges.”
“Okay?” I prompt as he seems to stare off into space. I gesture at him continue when he stares at me blankly.
“But now, these days more and more people are somehow invading it. Zeke, you, Adam today, even though I think it’s because of you. I never saw him being an angel from up above though…”
“Yeah what’s with that?” I cut in. We are still walking human speed up the hill and I feel I am starting to get the hang of the slow motions. “I didn’t even know angel’s existed – what am I talking about? I didn’t even know vampires existed!”
“Baby I didn’t even know angels existed.”
“So you thought vampires were the only super natural creature on this earth?” I ask.
“Um…” He pauses, standing still on the path. “Not exactly.” He answers finally when I just stand there, waiting. He doesn’t make eye contact with me.
“Okay…” I ask nervously. “So what else is there?”
“Um…”
“Dominic seriously?” I put my hands on my hips and pin him with my ice queen stare. “What aren’t you telling me?”
“Okay fine.” He sighs. “I guess only need to know basis has gone well and truly out the window now so I might as well come clean.” He walks over to me and grabs my hands. Bringing them up to his lips he kisses the tops of both. Goosebumps shoot up and down my body in the most awesome spine tingling moment I have ever had yet.
“Dominic?”
“Okay!” He sighs again. “But please don’t panic.”
“Tell me.”
“There are werewolves and demons too.”
“Excuse me?”
“It’s gonna get a whole lot more complicated sweetheart.” Dominic looks at me sadly. “But planet Earth is a whole lot more complicated then what humans think.”
“Is there really a heaven and hell then?” I gasp. He looks away from me. “You mean to tell me that after all this time humans got actually something right?”
“Not exactly.”
“What then?”
“I should have known there were angels. Because where’s there’s yin there’s yang.”
“Dominic what are you on about.”
“The laws.”
“What laws?”
“The laws of the universe.”
“Dude if you don’t start talking sense instead of this mumbo jumbo I'm gonna punch you.” I raise my hand and he shies away instinctively.
“There are four laws. They are our utmost laws. For every creature”
“That’s all good and dandy but that’s not what I asked.”

Dominic

“Werewolves. Demons. Vampires – and apparently angels too – all co-exist together with this planet.” I say, daydreaming about what this means. A lot.
“Dude snap out of it.” Savannah shoves at me and my head finally clears, the feisty little lady is ready to deck me again. I raise my hands in surrender. “Okay okay. You win.”
“Damn straight punk,” She grabs me by the shirt and yanks me with her to a rock just off the path. She throws me onto it and I grin at her as she straddles my hips, effectively pinning me against it. “No ideas.” She says as if she can read my mind.
“What?” I say innocently. Damn right ideas! This is hot!
“You know what.” She puts her hands on her hips and pins me with her famous Savannah stare. “Talk or I punch.”
“No need for violence sweet one. I will tell you anything you want to know.” She raises an eyebrow and I almost buckle under her glare. Well everything you need to know. I concede silently. “I will! Anyways demons and vampires have had an uneasy alliance for hundreds of years now. We stay out of their business and they stay out of ours.”
“And werewolves?”
“Again same thing. If we stay out of their way they will stay away from us too.”
“So all those people who claim they are possessed?”
“Most in fact are yes. Only the really mentally ill aren’t. You can usually tell the difference.”
“Why?” She demands yanking on my shirt for affect. I hear the material ripping. “How?”
“It’s all in the eyes honey.” She looks at me waiting for me to elaborate. “You really are a ball breaker aren’t you?” I grin at her and she slaps the back of my head.
“Tell me.” Savannah demands. This time she isn’t playing. She is on the verge of another rage.
“Alright alright!” I raise my hands in surrender.
“Why?” She demands again.
“Why are humans here? Why is our planet full of life? Why am I a vampire who is in love with a reborn who doesn’t love me back?”
“Don’t you dare.” She hisses, getting off me real fast. “Don’t you frickin dear try and change the subject. Don’t you dare make this about me.”
“You caught that hey?” I grin at her. “I’m only trying to get you to smile!”
She growls and then sighs as if something in her has stopped fighting. “I know.” She says flopping down on the ground next to me. “That is why I will say to you that I never said I don’t like you…”
“I said love…”
“…Love you back.” She sighs, the fight completely leaving her now. “It’s just I have so much going on right now I want to take one thing at a time.”
“I know.” I nod. “I get it.”
“Then why do I feel guilty?” She looks sad. So I feel bad.
“I’m sorry Savannah.” I say getting up and standing in front of her. “I have just waited so long sometimes I forget that you haven’t.” I pull her to her feet and loosely wrap my arms around her.
She looks at me for a moment, searching for something. She must get her answer because she lets out a big sigh. “What do demons do on earth?”
“Years ago when human technology was not as advanced as it is now they would often terrorise those with tainted souls into suicide.”
“Why?”
“Because tainted souls cause havoc in a place we are trying to keep peaceful.”
“I thought demons are the be all and end all of evil?”
“Generally speaking to humans and anyone who does wrong by them absolutely they are.” I smile at her knowing full well what the brunt of a demon anger can do to someone. “You may as well kill yourself there and then because it will be a lot more pleasant.”
“But if you don’t?”
“They look after their own, defend them to their own death if need be – and they are hard to kill – plus any they make a connection with too.”
“You mean like become friends with?”
“No a demon connection is an infinite bond that you and the demon share. It’s kind of like declaring your undying love forever to a husband or wife. Basically it means you got their back and they got yours only difference is it is for eternity.”
“You mean like it can never be broken?”
“There are two exceptions but otherwise yes.”
“And they are?”
“If one or the other of the bond breaks the infinite oath of protection to the other or if they save a life.”
“Infinite oath of protection?”
“When a demon swears his loyalty to you, it is unspoken but it is there, you enter an agreement that your souls will forever be entwined no matter what happens to either of you, no matter how many times you are reincarnated you will have the others back.”
“Reincarnation exists?”
“Yes sweetheart.” Dominic smiles. “You were reincarnated.”
“Huh?”
“Human to vampire.” I supply. “You died as a human to be reborn as a vampire.”
“Oh my god Dominic we need to go to the stationary shop back at the college.”
“Why?” I laugh at her. Talk about a change of subject.
“I need something to take notes on.” She grins at me and I get she is joking.
“Oh sav.” I laugh. “You have all the time in the world. It will all make sense one day.”
“Yeah in the very long distant future by the sounds of it!”
“Hey look!” She exclaims point up to the darkening sky. “It’s getting dark now! Look at those colours!” She stares upwards for a few minutes oohing and ahhing at how clear the moon is and how she can see so much more detail now.
“Dominic!” Sam hisses at me coming out of nowhere. I really lose myself when this girl is around. I think, frowning at just how vulnerable that makes us both. Pull your shit together man!
“Yeah?” I ask as he comes flying at me. He stops directly in front of me and mouths the words “Zeke is coming up the path.” It is a special thing he, Tyson and I do to try and avoid other vampires or creatures of the night hearing us when we don’t want them to.
“Oh shit!” I say sprinting into action, I grab Savannah by the arm and yank her forward. “Savannah we have to get you out of here.”
“Why?” She demands, struggling against me. Sam grabs her other side and I let go, he can move faster than I can. Zeke won’t be able to catch him. “Sam let me go!” She gets angry instantly but Sam holds strong, the mature vampire finally overpowering the reborn.

Savannah

“Sam you will let me go now and tell me what’s going on or so help me god I will rip your head off Kapeesh?”
“I can’t.” He says as he flings me onto his back, not letting go as he runs faster than I have seen anyone yet move.
“I am a big girl.” I say yanking on his hair. “Put me down.”
“We are almost at the cabin. You will be safe there.” He says and a moment later he stops suddenly.
“Put me down!” I order as I yank at his head. I scramble off his back, glad to have feet on the ground again. “What the hell is going on?!”
“Zeke.” Sam utters the one word that sends the bad kind of chills up my spine.
“Zeke?”
“Yes. Zeke.” He walks quickly to the cabin assessing. “He has found out you aren’t dead.”
“How?”
“There has been no news of a human death reported but talk amongst the students of a bugged out party.”
“So?” I say hoping they are wrong. “That could mean the punch was spiked.”
“It’s been said by our kind.”
“There were vampires at the party?!” I exclaim as Sam moves at speed around the cabin. He seems agitated. “Everything alright there Sam?”
“No.” He says instantly as he tries to attach the door back on, stumbling in the process. “We have to hide you.”
“Why?”
“Because he will try to kill you again.”
“But I’m like him now.”
“You’re still a reborn. You have to wait at least another five days before you will be the same strength as him.”
“Oh right.” I agree, nodding. With the amount of information I have taken in in the last two days I am surprised I remember my own name. “Anything I can do to help?”
“I got it.” He says as he carries a giant log around the cabin, hacking at it with a saw and then coming back around and patching up holes.
I stand there watching him, wondering. The amulet in my hand heats up and I look down at it. It doesn’t seem any different and as I turn it over the heat goes. Maybe I imagined that. I look at it for a moment. Wondering.
“You have powers use them” echoes through my head.
“Who was that?” I ask panicked.
“You have powers. Use Them.” The voice repeats. I cannot work out if it is male or female.
“My powers?” I ask out loud, confused. “I only just learnt to move objects. How can I fix a cabin?”
“Your second gift Savannah.” The voice echoes. 
“What the hell is my second gift?” I look around everywhere, trying to find the source of the voice. “Where are you? Who are you?”
“I am here to protect you… you… you… You need to put the amulet on Savannah… annah… annah... Use your powers!”
“I’m crazy!” I cry as I realise I can see no one but Sam, and Sam has stopped working and is staring at me. “I’m crazy!” I call to him. “I am hearing voices!”
“What did the voices say?” He doesn’t even bat an eyelid. Okay then? He’s crazy to!
“To use my powers to fix this.”
“But you only just learnt them?” He even seems perplexed by that.
“That’s what I said!”
“Sam!” Dominic calls from up the mountain. It’s a whisper but we hear it. “Sam get her out of here!” He sounds like he’s struggling.
“Dominic!” I scream as I hear him let out a roar. I break through the cabin, not even flinching as I race back down the mountain faster then I knew possible with Sam screaming after me to stop.
“Dominic!” I scream again. “Where are you? I’m coming!” I race into a small clearing we have not yet been to following the direction the voices are coming from before freezing to a complete halt as I see Zeke with Dominic pinned up against a tree. Dominic is holding his own but they are at a stalemate. For every hit one does the other counteracts it with his own.
“Savannah!” He cries, his concentration dipping enough that Zeke takes the advantage landing a swipe at his face. Blood oozes from a huge gash on the side of Dominic’s head.
“Dominic!” I cry, anger, fear and desperation at not wanting to lose him propelling me forward. “Zeke you sick fu…”
“Now now Savannah.” He says cutting me off and grinning at me. “That’s no way for a lady to speak.” He shakes his finger at me like he is disciplining a child.
“Let him go you sick fu…” I repeat.
“Savannah really?” Zeke drops Dominic onto the floor just as a shadow behind the trees starts moving towards him.
“What's that?” I ask distracted. Zeke is still coming towards me but the black shadow has me mesmerized. Bright, glowing black dots appear as the shadow starts to take shape. “What the hell is that?” I ask no one in particular again. It looks almost human.
“It’s a demon.” Sam mouths at me as he flies past, taking charge at Zeke who, so intent on me does not see Sam coming.
Sam tackles him to the ground and Zeke lets out a cry of surprise as Sam literally starts jumping on his body, digging him into the dirt.
“Get off me you mutt!” I hear Dominic cry just as he gets the demon in a headlock. Tyson appears out of nowhere with a rather large sword and swings downwards, chopping it in half. There is a shrill cry as black liquid pours from the wound. Dominic drops the body and flies to me.
“You need to get out of here now.” He orders and I just look at him.
“This is what happens when you keep things from me.” I huff at him just as I see more shadows appear in the trees. “Is that…”
“More?” He finishes just as dozens of pairs of black glowing eyes start surfacing from the trees. “Yes. We need to leave.”
“Tyson! Sam!” I cry as Zeke manages to get out from under Sam by making a tree fly through the air and smack Sam in the head. “Oh my god no!” I scream again as Sam goes flying a hundred metres down the mountain.
“Use your powers Savannah.” The voice echoes in my head again.
“Did you hear that?” I ask Dominic.
“Hear what?”
“Use your powers.” The voice repeats and I suck in a much needed breath to calm myself. I have been acting very human female like. Time to show these idiots whose boss. I nod in agreement somehow knowing the voice will get the message. Um sav? One catch? How on earth you gonna do that?
I don’t know. I don’t know my second power. But I do know that I can move objects with my mind so let’s start with that. I look around and find a dead bush with thorny branches sticking out of it.
“Here goes nothing.” I mumble, concentrating on the bush. “Move.” I order it as I visualise it ripping apart and stabbing all the demons right in their creepy black eyes. Shrill cries ringing out snap my eyes open.
“Oh my god I did it!” I exclaim as six or so demons lay rolling around on the floor. I grin at them as they cry out like babies.
“Savannah watch out!” Dominic screams as Zeke launches himself at me. I panic and drop to the ground, curling into the foetal position. I let out a scream, loud and long as bits of dirt and trees fall on me, landing gently but with a heavy weight.
“What the hell?” I hear Zeke say over the top of my scream. “What on earth?”
“Savannah on earth you dipshit.” Sam laughs as if he knows something I don’t. “Savannah get up! Open your eyes!”
“I’m still alive?” I ask wiggling everything to make sure it’s all working. It is. “Oh my god I’m still alive.” I open my eyes and sit up simultaneously. “What the hell?” I exclaim as I see the tops of the trees. I look down to see that I am sitting on top of a small hill that was not here before.
“Dominic?” I question.
“Little busy honey.” He coughs and I look up to see him and a demon in a choke hold of each other. Zeke is charging at Dominic again.
“Not happening Zeke.” I murmur at him, eyes narrowing to slits. “Enough is enough.” I stand up tall and straight and figure I will just drop the tree behind Dominic on to Zeke. I concentrate and the tree cracks as it falls down. Zeke dodges it easily and I stomp my foot. It is enough to stop Zeke for a few moments but. “Stay away from him!” I scream.
“Missed!” He calls out to me, doing like a rain dance poking his tongue out at me. I glare back at him.
“It would be really handy if only the earth would just swallow you whole.” I whisper under my breath. To my surprise the earth starts rumbling and as Zeke aims for Dominic again it opens up before him and he falls into a deep hole that appears out of nowhere.
“What the hell?” I ask surprised. “Did I do that?”
“Yes.” Tyson says as he starts stomping on a Demon, using the sword to cut its head off its body. More black ooze pouring out.
Zeke climbs out of the hole looking a little less sure of himself but still grins at me as he reaches Dominic and the Demon with the choke hold on each other. “I’m invincible Savannah!” He mocks. “You can slow me but you won’t stop me from killing him!”
“Wanna make a bet?”

Dominic

“You’re not going to win you bastard!” I hiss at the demon before me, both of us with a death grip around the others throat.
“That’s where you’re wrong.” He laughs at me. “I got away with it last time I will get away with it this time too.”
“Last time?” I question, stunned. “What are you talking about? What last time?”
“Does the name Abraham ring a bell?” My eyes go wide and the demon just laughs at me. “His last words to me were the same thing.”
“What are you talking about?” I roar. “How do you know about Abraham?”
“Aww little Dominic. You think your some big shot. You got no clue. You never had any clue. They should have made Zeke carrier.”
“They chose me.” I hiss. “Zeke wasn’t right for it.”
“I don’t really care.” The demon laughs, squeezing a little tighter. I hear Savannah scream something random and that snaps me back to reality.
I turn to see what’s going on just as a large hole swallows Zeke centimetres from where I stand.
“What the hell?” I ask and the demon, surprised too loosens his grip enough for me to get a better grip on him. I quickly move us so I have the advantage.
“Stay away from him!” Savannah screams at the top of her lungs then a second later a big cloud of dust envelopes Zeke. The trees start bending towards him and Savannah is concentrating as hard as she can in his direction.
The dust clears quickly to reveal Savannah pinning Zeke with an ice cold stare. She is swirling one hand while the other is raised palm up. A tornado of dirt spins completely in her control. “Savannah is doing that?” I mumble out loud.
“Let me go you bit…” Zeke hisses fighting against the vines. He should be able to break free of them instantly. I frown looking at Savannah in awe. What the hell is going on?
“Uh uh Zeke.” Savannah grins at him. “That’s no way to talk in front of a lady.”
“You’re no lady.” He spits just as I realise still have a demon’s neck in my hands he vanishes into thin air. “You’re a witch.”
“No Zeke.” Savannah seems deathly calm as I forget about the demon and just watch. “I’m like you remember. Because you made me this.”
“You were meant to die!” He barks. “It would have solved everything!”
“Everything?” I whisper under my breathe frowning.
“Helix!” Zeke screams and instantly a familiar looking demon appears next to him, slicing through the vines with a magic I haven’t seen in a long, long time. A very dark, very evil, very sick magic that is so dangerous it is hard to control.
Helix? Why does that name ring a bell? Zeke drops back down to the ground with Helix flanking him and pins me with a stare.
“This isn’t over.” He coos. “I will get her. You can try to stop me Dominic but you will lose.” And then they vanish. The vampire, the demons. All of them. Just like that. Gone.
Tyson comes stand next to me and sighs. “Well that explains how Zeke has been able to disappear and not get caught.”
“What?” I ask distracted. Then it clicks. “Oh my god your right. He's been consorting with demons. They can zap him in and out of places and I wouldn’t be able to catch him. But why does the name Helix sound familiar?” I am not really expecting an answer but I get one.
“Because he’s the one that you fought in the great rage.”
“I didn’t fight any demons in the great rage.” I frown. All those years ago when we put all the rouges down I only had major trouble with one of them. He was a pretty good match and put up enough fight that it caused me to use my brain. Abraham had later been that impressed he said I was the one. I asked him what that meant and he had said something about being the infinite one. That still didn’t really answer my question.
“He wasn’t a demon then Dominic. He was a vampire. The vampire.”
“You mean the... the... the The Vampire? Like the first vampire? He’s that Helix?”
“Yes.” Tyson nods.
“Oh shit.” I scoff. Tyson nods in agreement. “How could I not know this?”
“He was becoming weak with bitterness and anger.” Tyson supplies. “He was letting his rage rule him and that made him vulnerable.”
“But I killed the first vampire.” I gasp. “Oh shit.”
“Oh shit is right.” Savannah says coming to stand next to me. “I can make mountains out of nothing, Zeke knows I’m alive and you just saw a ghost. Sam looks like he needs a bath, Tyson looks like he needs a drink and if I didn’t know what I know the fact that your face has already healed completely over would petrify me.” She grins at us all. “So instead I would say life is really peachy with a side of awesome.” With that she puts her arm around me and kisses my cheek.
“Oh shit.” I say again, this time for a totally different reason. “I think I’m in love.”
Savannah grins at me. “No time for love, love, we have a huge crisis on our hands.”
“There’s always time for love.” I wink at her and she blushes.
“Savannah’s right.” Tyson nods, standing next to me and giving me a shove. “Save it for later, we have a major problem and no idea why we do.”
“I might be able to help with that.” Sam says walking up behind us holding an old, ancient looking cloth. The edges are frayed and there is a writing on it that I have not seen before.
“You can?” Tyson, Savannah and I all say in unison.
“Yeah.” He holds up the cloth, stretching it out so we can all see. “That thing Barton was rambling on about? About kings and queens and things and all those cryptic things about think before you talk and talk before you do lines?”
“Yeah?” Savannah encourages.
“It’s from a prophecy.”
“A prophecy?” Savannah frowns.
“Yeah. It says here a vampire of many years meets a mortal whose life was first taken years before but she was saved by the ultimate immortal predator. She is then six years later turned into an immortal herself by thee who is the enemy trying to kill her.”
“What?” Savannah stares opened mouthed. “That’s impossible.” She looks really nervous.
“How is that us?” I demand. “Savannah didn’t die before she was turned, that’s a bunch of rubbish.”
“Um Dominic?” Savannah says softly, I turn to see her looking like she's about to faint.
“Yeah?”
“There’s something I think I may need to confess now.”
“What?” I say getting angry. Sam sucks in a breath as if he were hoping up to that point that he was wrong. “I didn’t think it mattered,” She says fidgeting with her amulet. “But I did die once before. I died in that car accident years ago, but was revived at the scene by a mysterious man who called the paramedics and fled before they got there.”
“How do you know you died and just didn’t go unconscious?” Tyson asks, he too not ready to believe some silly bit of cloth and a few coincidences.
“He told me that I had died but I wasn’t allowed to, he said I needed to stay alive because everything depended on it. He told me that he had healed me that time but he wouldn’t be able to do it again and I needed to be careful and protect myself because there were evil dark forces out there trying to get me to prevent the future from happening. He told me that one day it would all make sense.”
“Oh my god.” Sam whispers as he drops the map.
“What?” I demand, still reeling from Savannah’s confession.
“It says when the king and queen finally unite the ultimate power of the universe becomes completely under their control. They will rule everything.”
“Everything?” Tyson gasps.
“Everything.”
“What the hell are we meant to do then?” Savannah looks to me and we share a look.
“I have no idea.” I admit honestly. “But it has to be something.”
“Um guys?” Sam says again, cringing.
“Do we want to know?” Savannah asks, looking nervous.
“Everything that has happened is on this. Everything, right up to this moment actually reading it.”
“Okay?”
“It’s signed by Adam Barton.”

Meanwhile…

“That girl Savannah? She’s a problem.” The vampire hisses to his companion as he paces back and forth, creating a dirt patch on the grass within seconds.
“She is just a mere blip.” The demon replies, barely amused. He is watching his minions gather the supplies that he needs. The vampires have no clue how powerful he has become. None of them do. But they will. Dropping that cloth in the mix to cause a bit of a stir with them was a brilliant idea because the vampires won’t ever suspect him. That and the cloth had been a gigantic pain in his but for over four hundred years now.
“That little reborn and her eternal mate stand no chance. None. He took something away from me that wasn’t his to take and so I will take everything he holds dear.” The demon looks wickedly at the vampire. “Starting with the prophecy maker.”
“You are so evil sometimes even I feel I should be worried.” The vampire laughs with a hint of panic.
“Do not worry yourself sir.” The demon only grins. “All will be rectified soon.”
“It better,” The vampire says just as the hint of a human wafts past. The joys of being able to be invisible thanks to his new friend. He flings his hand out and yanks her back to him in the blink of an eye. The human, dazed from the movement hasn’t even had a chance to scream.
The vampire’s fangs are burning as he moves her hair away from her neck. “He will die a slow painful death,” He growls low in his throat as the human starts to become aware. “I will become king.” He bites just as the human lets out an ear piercing scream, instantly silencing her. “And it will all be mine.”

***


Destiny Awaits…
Book two in The Eternal Prophecy series.

Savannah;
So I have been a vampire for two weeks now, and I can feel the difference from those first few days. The boys and I ended up deciding that I needed a chance to get used to be a vampire and catching up on everything without any outside interference for a while and it has really helped.
Dominic’s been by my side the whole time and even though I am nowhere near ready to tell him yet I think I may be starting to like him – like like/love him like him not just friend like him. He’s been my rock through this whole thing and I would probably be very lost without him by my side.
He says that we need to go to their library and do some research about the amulet and the cloth and – well everything really – because it might give us some answers to what is going on. We can’t ask Adam either, he has suddenly disappeared without a trace and no one knows where he has gone.
Something big is happening. I can feel it, I know the others do too because they seem antsy and uncomfortable doing nothing so I hope the books we find give us answers – we need them badly.

Dominic;
So Savannah’s finally getting used to being one of us, she is doing so well. The boys and I have learnt a lot from her in the last couple of weeks and I know she will be a super strong vampire when she's fully matured…
But I’m worried. Zeke was on a mission to kill her and Adam Barton has gone missing. He said something about fate and that we need to be strong but then he just up and left us? What are we supposed to think about that?
I don’t even know where to start and to make matters worse an old enemy – that’s not Zeke surprisingly – is causing an uproar overseas where I will probably have to go and intervene if it gets any worse, making our mission to find answers that much more crucial and difficult.
The joys of being able to see the future of thousands of creatures I guess. You’re responsible for controlling them. Great job to have in times of crisis… Not.

Savannah and Dominic know something major is about to happen and have no idea what. They are about to be thrown into total chaos when a blast from the past comes swooping in and reveals a secret that up ends everything both Savannah and Dominic ever thought or believed in – again!
Meanwhile an enemy so dark and twisted is hunting them too, determined to get back what was his at any cost and willing to use a very dark and evil magic to do so. Will he win? Will he succeed in dominating the earth and destroying everything as it seems?
Or will a love so pure and a heart as red as blood somehow, miraculously even, save the Earth and all she is?

COMING OCTOBER 2014
