Inheritance
By Natasha Weber
Published by Natasha Weber at Smashwords
Copyright 2021 Natasha Weber
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Chapter One: A Mess
The room smelled wet and dusty. The scent of it seemed to cling mercilessly to his nostrils; the walls of his room were close and seemed to be getting closer with each day. Or was it just his imagination?
With a stroke of his wrist, the pen in his hand made a clean and beautiful line on the piece of parchment in front of him. Thunder clapped in the sky, and he, in turn, clapped his hands to his ears. Startled, he dropped his pen, and it clattered to the ground.
Eory kept his hands firmly planted on his ears as another crack of thunder split the air. He was frozen in fear, paralyzed by thunder as he always was whenever there was a storm. After that small moment of forever had passed, he stood up shakily from where he had been lying on his belly. He left his pen where it lay.
Everytime thunder split the air, he jumped in fear. It caused his heart to thud faster, his mind to fog up with fear, and his joints to tense up. The only way to avoid such stress was to sleep through the storm, so he headed toward the sofa in the middle of the room. His toe collided with an article of clothing lying on the floor. He didn’t care to pick it up, and so he didn’t. Eory stepped over it, and his foot crunched down on a piece of paper.
Eory raised an eyebrow. It was one of his many drawings of a wrinkled woman that lay scattered about the room.
Time seemed to stop for a moment as Eory gazed at the drawing, and it seemed to gaze right back at him. In a moment, thunder rang again, and he quickly dashed to the sofa, crawled under his blanket, and went to sleep.
***
When he woke up, he pulled a book from his bookshelf on the left side of the room, and then lowered himself to a sitting position on top of one of many articles of clothing littering the room. He began reading.
It was a fairy folk tale about a young warrior on a quest to save his beloved. He could relate as he, too, was a fairy, and…
Eory's heart thudded as his eyes lingered upon a particularly beautiful passage.
He took the hand of his beloved; a thin, elegant, and dainty thing, and then pressed his lips against hers.
And to him, no woman as beautiful as she existed. Her skin was as soft as silk and white as a dove’s breast. Her eyes seemed to glow as brightly as the sun itself, and her red hair was as smooth as the petal of a rose and was the same, luscious shade.
The fairy’s eyes brimmed with tears as he read. He was captivated by that passage and how it captured such a beautiful moment—a moment that he, himself, wanted to experience.
But Eory snapped the book closed in a moment and tossed it aside, knowing that he would most likely never be able to experience such a wonderful thing.
He stared ahead listlessly for a moment—lost in his own thoughts.
He wondered what it might feel like to be kissed.
The fairy stepped on and over the dozens of articles of clothing and pictures covering the floor, ignoring it.
From his mahogany dresser on the right side of the room, he pulled out a piece of parchment and placed it on the desk next to the dresser. He dragged out the chair scooted up to his desk and sat down in it.
It was morning, and in the morning, his schedule dictated that he solve the mathematical equations his caretaker had written for him when she had last come. 
But his wrist seemed stuck.
It didn’t want to write down anything to do with numbers.
Sweat poured down his forehead. He knew he would get into trouble if he didn’t have the math problems solved by the time his caretaker arrived, even if the punishment received was just a strict word or two of getting his work done on time.
But he just didn’t want to do it. His wrist disobeyed him.
He rested his head on his desk, instead, and his mind drifted to pleasant memories as it tended to do when he was troubled. A gentle smile spread across his face.
Eory’s mind led him right into the strangling arms of his older brother, Gershom.
He remembered his older brother being tall and strong; fearless and kind. A good teacher, a protector, and an all around wonderful person.
But something intruded upon this peaceful reverie, cutting it short. His gaze drifted to a piece of parchment on the floor next to his chair. He looked at that paper every day—it had words on it that he was forced to write every day, after all.
You are not your family, Eory.
Your family was evil at its root and you are good.
You know that you are good, but now you must prove it if you wish to be free.
The fairy drummed his fingers on the desk and glowered.
Since it was the only noise in the room other than the pattering rain overhead, it was an almost deafening sound.
Eory picked up the parchment and ripped it down the middle.
***
Eory lost track of the time as his teeth sunk into his arm and little droplets of blood escaped from where they had. He was now sitting on the sofa, finding that trying to solve math problems was intolerable today, for whatever reason.
Drip, drip, drip.
He looked at his arm confusedly. It shouldn’t be that loud of a noise.
Drip, drip, drip.
The sound bloomed bigger and bigger in his mind until it was the only thing he could concentrate on. It seemed to echo loudly and without mercy. It was suffocatingly close, just like that wet, dusty smell clinging to his nose, and those walls that seemed unbearably near to him.
Drip, drip, drip.
Sweat dripped down his forehead. He wondered what this sound was that was invading his privacy.
He sat up on the sofa, his eyes frantically scanning the dirty room for the deafening sound. He stopped scanning when his gaze fixed upon a hole in the roof.
It was leaking rainwater.
He felt sheepish at how frightened he had been of something as harmless as rainwater. He was going to find a way to plug it up, but he stopped when his imagination ran away with him as it tended to.
He stared at the water unblinkingly for moments with his mouth agape.
Drip, drip, drip. Pitter, patter, pitter, patter…
Thunder crashed in the distance, and when it did, his surroundings flickered from his dusty, close room to an open-aired utopia. The ceiling had become a limitless, black sky, the walls had become an open and sandy beach, and the smell of the dusty room had been replaced with the fresh smell of greens wet with water. The moon and stars were reflected like beautiful sapphires in the clear and glassy sea. The pleasing sound of water-on-water blessed his ears, and the sand beneath his feet felt rough, but warm and comforting. The iridescent water in front of him beckoned him to it.
He dipped his hands in, shivering at how cold it felt. He had read books about the ocean, but it was not the same as experiencing it for himself. He had the vocabulary to describe it, at least, because vocabulary was all he had.
Cold, wet, shining, and somehow… Soft, but if I fell into it from a height, it would be hard. If it were warm, it would be like a warm blanket. He thought to himself in a daze.
There was a sound in his ears that annoyed him greatly which was mixing in with the pitter patter of rain. He blinked rapidly, and, each time he did, his surroundings shifted from that of the beautiful beach, to the messy and unfortunate state of his room.
The sound of crackling fire overpowered the sound of rain as the door to his room was revealed in a shower of green, fiery magic. The beach was gone. He was back in his room.
In walked Kori, his caretaker, who looked at his disgrace of a room and turned her nose up. “This room is disgusting! I’ve never seen it like this before!”
The boy—no, the man—said with a miserable look on his face, “it’s raining.”
Kori looked around his room with her long, pointed waif ears twitching in annoyance.
She was truly stunned at the room's state of affairs. From the beginning, her rules with her charge were very firm and plain; one of them was picking his room up and keeping it spotless. He had adhered to the rule obsessively and abnormally from the young age of six which she had imposed it at. To see it like this was extremely bizarre.
“Yes, it’s raining, but why is your room like this?” Kori asked.
The young man was silent in response to his caretaker’s question, which was not abnormal for him, but it was when she asked him a direct question. He was staring at the rain dripping from the ceiling with his mouth agape and looked for all the world like he was addled in the head and amused by the simplest things. 
Chapter 2: Pollyanna
Kori noticed her charge’s teeth were bloody, as was his arm, and wished he would stop that disgusting habit, but no matter how hard she tried to get him to stop, he never would.
“Eory.” Kori said his name warningly.. “Answer me. Why is your room a mess?”
The young man’s eyes fluttered, and then he came back to reality. “I don’t know. I forgot to clean.”
His affect and tone of voice were flat which worried her greatly--his family often affected that same, flat tone.
“You’re acting strangely.” Kori said suspiciously.
Eory sighed. “Forgive me, Kori. I’ll clean up. You’re looking fine today. Are you well?” It was his usual greeting with its practiced politeness, but Kori thought she might have heard an ounce of sarcasm underneath it.
Eory stood up in an unenthusiastic, slow manner--not unlike someone waking up from a long sleep--and began picking up his room woodenly.
“I am well, but you’re not. You’re speaking as one half-dead.” Kori said.
Inwardly, Eory felt irritated and exhausted. Here she goes again—the old biddy…
Outwardly, he quelled her fears. “I’m fine, Kori...”
Kori helped the young man pick his room up, raising her eyebrows at the dozens of pictures he had drawn of the old warrior maiden, Pollyanna. Kori had been telling him stories about her since he was first in her care.
She continued to lecture him. “Remember, it’s not that your parents had evil feelings it’s that they--”
“—had none at all.” Eory completed her sentence with a roll of his eyes.
Rain cut through the awkward silence that followed.
Kori’s eyes narrowed. She slammed the papers on the back of the sofa. “Perhaps I have been too lenient with you of late! You know that if you show even the smallest sign of evil tendencies that I will have to report it to the king--and who knows what he will do to you!”
“I…” Eory began but stopped.
Kori was glaring intensely at the young man who was sitting on the sofa with a glazed look in his eyes, holding a stack full of papers on his lap. 
Kori asked sternly, “Do you want to die?”
Eory looked at the dripping ceiling with a blank face and wished his fantasy beach would come to rescue him.
“I don’t know why you rescued me when you just want me to rot away in this room my entire life…” Eory mumbled sadly. Kori looked down at her feet, trying not to feel guilty about this situation she had created by saving him from the same beheading that befell his family. She had always thought of him as a son, which made him doubly precious to her because she doubted she would ever have any children of her own.
Waifs were small creatures, and Kori was no exception--she was but four-feet-tall. She climbed up on the sofa in order to shake his shoulder.“Do you want another story about Pollyanna?”
“I’ve heard them all…” Eory replied. And maybe I’m too old for that now…
“No, no. I have more.” Kori lied coolly. Half the stories she told about Pollyanna—the legendary guard who was ever dedicated to protecting Eory’s family line—were untrue, but Eory believed them all.
Eory turned to Kori with his eyes lighting up. “Truly?”
And his caretaker nodded as she spun a new tale on the spot about the old warrior maiden who was undefeatable in battle but for one time; when she failed to prevent Eory’s family from being beheaded by the newly crowned king, King Laurence. Despite being enslaved to his family, Pollyanna still had great affection for Eory and Gershom, who were but children and had nothing to do with their parents’ vile actions in enslaving the kingdom of Maribel--the once human kingdom now ruled by fairies, now ruled by humans once again since his family had been dethroned. That was what he loved about Pollyanna; even though she was enslaved to his family--having to carry out their every whim--she went against them where she could, rescuing people who they tormented.
Eory listened to the tale with rapt attention. As he did so, he felt like he was transported to another world with Pollyanna--battling dragons and griffins, and protecting innocents.
For a time, it felt like he was free from his cage.
For a time, it felt like he was with Pollyanna on her adventures.
Chapter 3: Ugly Words
Kori finished spinning her tale. Afterward, she helped him with the math, reading, and writing assignments she had previously given him, and then assigned him new ones. Kori even had some time after that to teach him a little bit more of the dwarven language. They sat down together on the floor, and Kori retrieved her book of dwarven fairy tales from her dress pocket. She laid a piece of blank parchment next to it, and smiled at Eory.
Eory returned a faint smile, which she found disheartening. If there was one thing the young man liked, it was learning other languages. And yet here he was, only half-heartedly smiling at her for teaching him rather than bouncing from foot-to-foot in excitement like he would have as a child.
“Have a seat,” Kori said to Eory, who had been standing. 
He sat down across from her, absently sinking his teeth into his arms as he did so. Kori frowned, her forehead furrowed with worry.
Kori recognized the biting behavior as something he did when he was nervous. But right now, there was nothing to be nervous about. Is he hiding something?
Kori cleared her throat. “Are you ready to learn, Eory?”
Eory continued to gnaw his arm, but he nodded. 
The waif looked him in the eyes silently for a moment. “Is something bothering you, Eory?”
Eory just stared at her for a moment. Kori studied his face--noticing a slight twitching of his eyes, and a creasing of his eyebrows. 
What an absolute idiot she is. The woman in his head snickered. Her job is to redeem criminals, and yet she can’t tell how much we absolutely hate her.
Eory slowly removed his arm from his teeth at the woman’s voice--wishing she would leave him be. Wishing he could figure out exactly who she was and why she had to intrude upon his thoughts and make them vile where they shouldn’t be.
“Eory…?” Kori whispered, worried for him.
Eory forced another smile. “Nothing’s bothering me. I’m ready to learn.”
Kori thoroughly examined his face, knowing that he was lying, but also recognizing that it was not a good time to press him. “Let’s start, then.”
Kori opened the fairy tale, and began teaching him what each word in dwarvish looked like and sounded like in Common--the language most creatures of Yharos knew as a second language. Normally, Eory enjoyed these lessons to no end, but today, he found himself feeling listless, stuck on the hideous words Kori had uttered days earlier. 
Once Kori had finished her lesson, she left--making the door disappear in a shower of green fire as it had appeared when she first arrived.
 Eory stared up at the ceiling while lying on the sofa when she had gone because he had nothing better to do. Words entered his mind about Kori that he had never dared to think about her before.
He rolled onto his stomach, mechanically drumming his fingers impatiently on the arm of the couch. He chewed on his arm again. What a bitch… Twelve years with me and she doesn’t even care about me enough to even consider releasing me.
He winced at the bad word he thought to himself, wondering where he had even heard such an unkind word uttered before. He realized it must have been from the two guards outside his room who referred to their wives as such many times in one night. Eory would often find himself listening in on their conversations to entertain himself. 
No matter how hard Eory tried not to think ugly thoughts about his caretaker, they kept worming their way into his mind due to her cruel words just a week earlier.
He loved her, even though it was difficult to love her at times, and he hated himself for thinking anything negative about her. He would be dead without her, after all. Not only that, but she was like his mother and his only friend, but…
She was also his warden.
Her goal was never to be his mother, however. Her goal was to make him an asset to society and not a danger. Only then, she would sometimes say, would she feel as though the king would be willing to set Eory free.
While Eory had warm memories of Kori praising him for doing his assignments, teaching him how to read and write, and playing with him, he also had a myriad of other memories where she was cold, aloof, distant, and even cruel. In his mind, it was incredibly difficult to parse out who the woman actually was, and whether she actually cared about him. 
Every time she entered the room, she would expect him to bow. She would expect him to ask her if she was in good health and if she was having a good day, and he was to do it in the most polite and proper way he could manage. Sometimes, she would bring gifts, and he couldn’t tell whether it was because she loved him, or because she wanted to instruct him on how to properly thank her. If she saw he was being rude or misbehaving in any way, she would punish him by cutting her already short visits all the shorter.
She had made him into an overly polite and spineless dog while she dangled the possibility of freedom in front of his nose and made him fight for every scrap of attention she was willing to give him.
To distract himself, Eory stood up, and, with nothing better to do, he opened the top drawer of his mahogany dresser that lay in the corner of the room and took out a piece of parchment.
When he turned around and looked at his room, he was reminded just how small and claustrophobic it had gotten.
When he was younger and smaller, he could make his way through the room easily. In fact, the room felt very spacious to him when he was younger, and cozy, too. Now, he could barely squeeze past the furniture. Everything was too close. His own body felt too close at the best of times, and he wished he could get away from it.
He rubbed the back of his neck with a heavy sigh. He sat at his desk which had a pen and ink on it at the ready.
Rain pattered above his head.
Everything felt like it was suspended in time.
He was supposed to be doing the reading, writing, and math assignments Kori had written for him, but once again, his wrist refused to let him do such dull and unimaginative work.
Pollyanna was always his muse, and so he drew her instead of doing his homework.
You’re kind of like me in many ways… Eory thought to himself as he stared lovingly at his flattering depiction of the maiden who was two-hundred-fifty-seven-years-old but who physically looked like she was fifty. You’ve always been stuck as my family’s protector--despite undermining them and going against them where you could--and I guess I’ll be stuck with this heritage that will most likely end with me. Still, I wish you’d come to get me. 
3.5: A Happy Day
The next day was a happy day. Eory could feel it as he woke up, because he felt excited and energized. He wondered what he should do first on this very special, happy day. Because it was a day where he was alone and Kori would not be visiting, he could do anything he wanted. He threw his blankets off with an almost manic grin. First, he decided he should wash up. While he slept, the guards had hauled in a bathtub--briefly dispelling Kori’s door, hidden by magic to do so-- filled it with boiling water, and then left. Since he had woken, the water had cooled enough that he could now submerge himself in it. He let out a contented sigh as he submerged himself in it, closing his eyes. Because he was the only person he had ever seen naked, he had a briefly curious thought, wondering if everyone else looked the same way he did when he was naked. After that curious thought passed, he began humming a song under his breath. Although he would never tell anyone--or more specifically, Kori, since she was the only one he knew--that he liked singing, he engaged in it often when he was alone, to spare himself embarrassment. 
Something about opening up his vocal cords and letting his voice soar, inhibited, was freeing.
He ducked under the water, enjoying the feel of it on his skin, and once he was satisfied that he was clean, he grabbed the rag set out for him from the guards by the tub and scrubbed himself down, climbing out of the tub afterward. He looked around his tiny room, beaming, wondering what he should do next.
Read a book? Do some drawing? Make some clothes? Eory decided on the latter; it had been awhile since he had done some sewing. 
He dashed over to his dresser, opened the bottom drawer, and pulled out several yards of fabric. Lately, Kori had been teaching him how to make a basic tunic and breeches, and he thought he would try his hand at making a good pair of breeches again. He took out brown, cotton fabric, and then a pair of breeches from his second drawer to use as a reference. Whistling cheerfully, he lay his pair of breeches out on his desk, and then he lay the brown cotton fabric over it. After that, he began cutting and hand sewing, doing his best to make the pants as even as possible. 
An hour passed, and then two, and he wiped his sweaty forehead, deciding he had better take a break. He took a moment to sit down, his feet tapping excitedly. 
Suddenly, he heard something squeak. What’s that noise?
He shot to his feet--his large, sensitive ears picking up the noise clearly--giving him an approximation of where it was coming from. His imagination was sparked by what could possibly be making such noise. It seemed to be coming from under his sofa. He peeked under his bed. His eyes lit up. 
It was a rat. 
“He’s so cute…” Eory whispered to himself. 
The rat cleaned its face with little paws, squeaking again. When it saw Eory, it cocked its head to the side, its whiskered nose twitching. Eory reached under the sofa, his hand trembling a little. He had read about rats, and so he knew exactly what it was. 
He let the rat sniff him, hoping it wouldn’t. When it didn’t, he petted it gently, and then the rat crawled into his palm. With his eyes lighting up, his arm receded with the rat upon it. He rose to a sitting position, continuing to pet the rat. I wonder if Kori would let me keep him? Eory thought to himself. 
Eory grinned, and then said aloud, “For now, I’ll name you Ratington.”
Eory stood up, putting the rat on the sofa. It squeaked. Eory climbed up on the sofa, looking both ways--for some reason paranoid that someone might be watching him--and then started bouncing up and down on the couch like he did when he was a child.
The rat skittered up his arm and over the back of his neck, making him laugh. It then climbed to his head making small squeaks. He reached up and cupped it in his hands, careful to make sure it hadn’t gotten its paws wrapped in his hair.
Once Eory had had his fill of jumping on the sofa, he hopped down, taking the rat from his head and holding it in his hands. “What should we do now, Rattington?”
The rat squeaked in response. 
“I agree, let’s stare at the ceiling until we see stars.” Eory hung himself--upside down--from the back of the couch, staring up at the ceiling. 
Eventually, Eory saw past the ceiling with his imagination, and saw stars instead. “They’re sooo bright, Ratington.”
The sky he saw was a black sea, paved with diamond stars--stars that, when connected, formed a ship, sailing freely through the air. Eory was absorbed by the scene, and imagined other stars, too. He imagined one in the shape of a rat, scampering through the sky, and another in the shape of a fairy. Eory lifted himself upright, feeling a sliver of sadness slithering into his happy day, but he didn’t let it get the better of him, despite knowing that he may never see a starry sky again in his life. 
Rather than dwelling, he decided to occupy his mind with the contents of a book from his shelf. Ratigan took a nap on his lap while he read, which was comforting to Eory. After becoming absorbed in the events of a book for half-an-hour, Eory decided to take a break and catch up on the assignments Kori had given him. With a sigh, he got to work. He pursed his lips. staring out by writing the familiar mantra, 
You are not your family, Eory.
Your family was evil at its root and you are good.
You know that you are good, but now you must prove it if you wish to be free.
Once he got that annoyance out of the way, Eory began solving the mathematical equations Kori had written for him, and worked on identifying grammatical errors in seemingly perfect sentences. Another hour passed, and Eory decided to take another break. 
He looked at his rat friend, deciding that the rat was quite a beautiful, artistic subject. 
I like how his tail contrasts with his soft fur… Eory thought to himself almost dreamily. There’s something beautiful about it.
Eory swept the rat up in his hands, asking, “Well Ratington? Do you want to be my live model?”
The rat cocked its head to the side, squeaking curiously. Eory grinned. “Sounds like you do, to me!”
He placed the rat on his desk and began drawing. It wasn’t life-like like his other drawings. In this drawing, he decided to exaggerate the rat’s big ears and its plump, soft body. He also decided to make its eyes bigger and its tail longer. When he finished the drawing, he showed it to the rat. 
The rat’s nose twitched--it placed a paw on the picture, squeaking approvingly. 
Eory chuckled. “I thought you would like it!”
After that, the guards dispelled the fiery magic hiding Eory’s door, bringing in a salad and a slab of meat. They paused when they saw the rat.
“Should we kill it?” The guards asked Eory. 
It was the first thing they had ever asked him. Usually, they would bring his food silently and leave just as silently. Eory, not used to speaking to anyone but Kori, answered, “N-n-no. You can leave him. Please d-don’t hurt him.”
The guards looked at each other, and then back at Eory. 
“Very well.” One of them said, and then they got ready to come back through the door. 
Eory looked at the rat, and thought to himself how cruel it would be to keep the poor thing locked up with him. He sniffled, making a difficult decision. “Wait! Can you… set him free when you come back later to fill my bathtub?”
The guards paused again, wondering why the young man was getting teary-eyed over a rat. Finally, they said, “Sure.”
They left after that, and Eory ate his food while looking at his rat friend, still teary-eyed. “Well… I guess I should enjoy your company while I can.”
And Eory did enjoy his new friend’s company. He spoke to it like it could understand him, and realized just how enjoyable it was to have someone to talk to. The rat watched him eat, draw, read, write, sew, and clean. When it was time for bed, Eory thought he would say his goodbye. With tears flooding his eyes, and his voice trembling, he held the rat in his palms and said, “Thank you for keeping me company. I don’t have many friends, so it was nice of you to visit… I wish we could stay friends, but it would be mean to keep you here forever, so I guess… this is goodbye. You’ll be gone in the morning.”
The rat merely squeaked in response, but Eory liked to think the rat would miss him, too. Eory turned out the candles and went to bed. To his surprise, the rat slept next to him. 
Even though parting with his new friend was painful, Eory was glad to have met him, anyway, and went to bed with a joyous heart. 
Late in the night, the guards came in, filled Eory’s tub, and took the rat. Before leaving the room, they curiously looked at the picture Eory had drawn of his friend, and then left.
Chapter 4: The Woman
Two days later, at night, Eory miserably lay his heavy head on his desk, listening to the shrieking wind outside. Today was a sad day. No energy, no giddiness. Just Eory, alone with himself.
He was drowsy--nearly in a dream state, he blinked slowly, wanting to dream because it was the only way to escape his small, mundane reality.
At the limits of his hearing, Eory could have sworn he heard a woman’s voice. He thought he felt the presence of someone’s eyes upon him.
He turned and looked behind him.
And behind him was himself. Only, it was not himself. It was him, but wearing a female’s clothing instead of a male’s. The woman had his same, large, fairy ears that were shaped like a butterfly’s wings, his same, vivid, rosy, tilted eyes, and even his exact nose--a nose that curled like a spiral at the tip like all Arrozan fairy noses did. 
For as long as he could remember, Eory could hear this woman’s voice in his head, but he had no idea who she was. Constantly, she whispered evil things in his ears, trying to convince him to engage in hurting others--trying to convince him that engaging in those behaviors was what all members of the Arroan Royal Family did and couldn’t stop themselves from doing.
The woman looked at him with a confident smirk. At the same time, all the candle lights in the room were stifled by a surreal and violent wind that shouldn’t exist indoors.
Eory breathed heavily in fear, left alone in the darkness with the woman.
“Taylor…” Eory murmured. He knew that was her name, although she had never introduced herself as such.
She was silent in response. The whole room went still; even the wind outside stopped shrieking.
Covered in sweat, Eory stood up, frantically moving through the room with his arms outstretched, trying to find the woman.
A pair of rosy, menacing eyes flared in the darkness. Eory stumbled backwards and bumped into the sofa behind him in shock.
Blood pounded in his ears. It was all he could hear.
The wind kicked up again, storming through his room and causing the handled on his dresser to thud against the drawers.
He felt a sharp-nailed hand digging into his shoulder.
The fairy whirled around, coming face-to-face with the woman. Her raspy voice echoed around the room, followed by a hideous cackling. “You think you can hide who we are from her? Oh, silly, silly, Eory. Give me the word and I will kill her for you. You need only ask. I have all the secrets to unlock our powers. We can be free.”
The woman’s hands wrapped around his neck. Eory shoved her, yelling, “Leave me alone! I’m a good person!”
The lights flickered on and off three times, and on the third flicker, they stayed on.
Taylor had vanished.
Eory breathed in sharply.
The door to his room appeared in the familiar burst of magical fire, and Kori stepped out of it. She saw him panicking and ran to his side.
She put a comforting hand on his back.
“What happened? Are you alright?” Kori asked.
Eory shook his head, but said nothing. He couldn’t tell her of the woman. She would surely never let him free if he did. It would only serve to convince her of his madness and cruelty.
After all, he knew that the woman was trying to climb her way to the surface and take over.
And he knew she harbored his worst intentions.
“You must tell me what happened! You must let me help you if you don’t want to stay in this prison forever! Don’t you trust me?” Kori asked him with her wrinkled, blue, waif hands on his cheeks.
He didn’t trust her. Not after he had heard the vile words that had come out of her mouth when she thought he wasn’t listening. 
Chapter 5: Despair
According to Kori and the rest of the usurpers who overthrew the Arrozan Royal Family, it was deemed too cruel to simply kill him like they did his family. At the time, he was six-years-old and the youngest member of his family.
In his darkest moments, Eory wished that they hadn’t saved him.
Eory had no friends, no family, and no one to love in his cell.
He thought Kori was someone to love at one time, but that, evidently, was untrue.
Eory chewed his arm and imagined he was chewing hers instead. When he recognized how evil and wrong that was with a flash of fear, he made his mind turn elsewhere—although the place it turned was no better. They were turned to a place where he recognized that he may very well die in his tower, and one would remember him as anything other than a monster. 
In fact, no one would ever truly understand who he was but Kori.
I’m wasting away. I wonder if they’ll all cheer when I’m dead? Eory thought as he stared at his walls unblinkingly. 
They seemed to be getting closer by the second.
Drip, drip, drip…
He gritted his teeth.
Drip, drip, drip…
He clenched his fists.
Drip, drip, drip…
He threw his most recent drawing at the wall, tasting something foul rising in his throat and feeling something black and ugly sizzling in his stomach. He clenched his head in his hands, suddenly feeling nothing but bitterness for his caretaker.
He kept thinking of it. The exact moment he found out that Kori would never barter with the king for his freedom like she had been promising she would for eighteen long years.
The last time she had brought him a present, he, as usual, had been overly polite and kind in thanking her for it. Normally, she would have smiled at how well he received his presents and would have praised him.
Not that day.
He had done something wrong while he received that present. Perhaps he hadn’t bowed low enough or long enough for her tastes; perhaps he forgot to say thank you, or perhaps he had said thank you with the wrong tone of voice.
Or maybe his face had twitched in a way that displeased her. 
Regardless, she had no praise for him when he received the present, and had been downright distant and quiet throughout the day.
She had read him a story, and when she thought he had fallen asleep, she had whispered ugly and malicious words in his ear. “I can’t ever free you.”
He must have done something to make her think that. But no matter how long he had combed over that day with her, he couldn’t think of what it was.
Or maybe she’s just a bitch. He thought to himself in anger. She’s been with me all this time and she feels nothing toward me.
He lay his head down on his desk in frustration, trying to fight the contagious thoughts infecting his mind. He could escape easily if he could tap into the poisonous magic buried deep in his veins--the absolute destructive power gifted to him by his parents and ancestors--and blow a hole in the wall with it—but he needed the word and the perfect emotion to match it to manifest those powers.
He hated Kori so much for those evil words she whispered in his ear, and he loved her at the same time for saving his life and taking care of him, too. And it all terrified him.
He stood up from his desk—hunched over and miserable—and then picked up the picture he had drawn of Pollyanna. He looked at it with a sick feeling in his rotten stomach. He sniffled.
The young man was coming to terms with the fact that he would never meet her.
He continued laying his head on the desk, having nothing else to do with himself.
****Chapter 6: Prison
Pollyanna was two days away from the tower in where Eory was being kept. She had been travelling for twelve long years after she had escaped from her own prison--a prison that lay hundreds of miles away from the kingdom of Maribel. The prison was one of the most secure prisons on Yharos, and it lay in the dwarven kingdom of Ghar.
She was tired and haggard. She had been ever since her body had frozen at the age of fifty so long ago. Her hair that was once as black as midnight and shone like stars upon the sea was now gray and ragged; her skin that was once soft like silk was now wrinkled and the texture of sand. But the thing that made her the most tired, was the monotonous boredom that seemed to hold her mind captive of late. She had been doing the same thing for her whole life--protecting the Arrozan Royal Family that had dethroned the previous human king over a century ago, and it was beginning to bore her, even if she wouldn’t admit it to herself. She was never unhappy with her lot in life; she was saved by one of Eory’s ancestors long, long ago and she had loved defending his family ever since.
After her convent had been burned down, Fjorn--Eory’s ancestry--had offered her glory and a name on a silver platter; but it came with a price as all things with magic do. She had never regretted that price. Never in her life. But to convince herself of that fact, she had to think to herself over and over again,
I have no regrets. I got what I wanted.
But Pollyanna was exhausted, regardless of how she felt about protecting the Arrozan Royal Family. Whatever spark and passion that once lay in her soul was fast going out. She was grumpy and testy, she had been for many years now, and when she escaped the dwarven prison, she had spent many nights drinking away her woes while simultaneously trying to find information on where Eory was being kept. 
As she looked up at the tower where Eory was being kept--it’s silhouette looming far in the distance--rain dotted her haggard face. She felt her age for the first time in her life.
Twelve years ago, when Eory lived in Castle Maribel, he found his older brother--Gershom-- sitting alone in the garden under the shade of an ash tree. He was biting his arm until it bled—it was a long-time tick of the Arrozan Royal Family to do so. He sat next to his brother, and his brother told him something he would never forget.
“What are you doing out here alone?” Eory asked.
And his big brother looked up at the sky wistfully, replying, “Enjoying the last vestiges of my freedom…”
Eory noticed that his hands were red and bloody. Gershom hid them within his big sleeves when his little brother noticed them.
Eory cocked his head to the side. “What do you mean?”
Gershom met his eyes with a bottomless look of sinking pain on his face that Eory would never forget. “This flesh has become my prison. There’s no way out.”
Eory didn’t understand, but his brother hung his head in shame and wept.
Days later, Eory wept bitter tears when his parents told him that the family dog was dead.
Eory was roused from his reverie as the sound of rain dripping filled his ears. He stared up at the ceiling, watching it drizzle expressionlessly. He couldn’t get that memory out of his head as it mixed and mingled restlessly with his own thoughts of harming Kori.
Eory looked around his tiny room, feeling suffocated and short of breath; frustrated and extremely lonely.
His brother was right. There was no way out of this prison.
He took deep breaths continuously until he felt light-headed. His heartbeat felt off. Hot blood pounded relentlessly in his ears. 
He bit into his arm, trying to distract himself.
Chapter 7: A Miracle
I deserve to be here. I need to be here. Kori has been nothing but kind to me; she saved me.
Even as he felt like he was being suffocated by the world’s cruelty, Kori’s kindness helped him breathe. She helped him hone his skills--reading, writing, math, and even sewing--to prepare him for the world, should he ever be freed, she dried his tears when he cried, and she encouraged him to be brave, even when he was afraid he would never be freed, by telling him grand stories of heroes. One story stood out to him in particular, one she had told him when he was seven-years-old. She had pulled his blankets up around his chin, and read him a story after drying his tears. “Luis was a grand hero—a dragon slayer, and…”
“I want to be a hero!” Eory interrupted. “I want to be a hero like you!”
Kori grinned. “Me? A hero?”
“You saved me! I would have been beheaded if not for you!” Eory replied, mispronouncing ‘beheaded.’
And Kori replied with tears in her eyes, “you are far too kind… I have done little except keep you safe.”
She was modest. She had saved him from the beheading that befell his brother and parents, and had loved him, despite knowing the evil that festered deep down in his soul like it did for all of his ancestors, even if it hadn’t manifested yet.
He found his gaze drawn, once again, by one of the pictures he had drawn of Pollyann. He pushed down his regrets and loathing of the fact that he would never be able to meet her.
She was his fantasy. He had lived most of his life in a fantasy with her because there was nothing to live for in his confined reality.
His mouth turned ever gradually into a hideous grimace as he blamed Kori for all his woes. even though he loved her, she was only one around who he could blame, as she was the only one who visited.
Kori picked up some presents from the market on her way to see Eory. She had some very good news to tell him--news that she previously thought she would never be able to share with him.
Time and again, she had come before the new king of the human kingdom of Maribel, Laurence, and begged him to give her charge—her beloved son—a chance to live outside his tower, but Laurence always refused. Not enough evidence that Eory was not evil, he would always say.
She had plied the king with what she considered to be sufficient evidence that Eory did not have the evilness buried in his soul that his ancestors did. Sweet pictures he had drawn, testimony of his social skills, compassion for Kori’s feelings, and correct answers to ethical questions.
So often, she had kneeled upon the verdant carpet spreading from the throneLaurence sat upon to the entrance to the throne room, and said, “Your Majesty, Eory shows no signs of an evil nature. He greets me kindly everytime I visit, he cleans his room as I command, he has learned his letters and numbers and is an excellent and kind student. His social graces are better than any peasant’s and indeed, better than most nobles’. I implore you to give him just one chance outside of his tower.”
But the king would always meet her pleas with the same answer. “You have no proof that he will not harm or kill anyone if he is released. I know it is your job as the Redeemer to redeem criminals as it has always been, but this one is simply too dangerous to merely trust your judgement with.”
No proof existed, and the king knew it. Kori had always held out hope that she could change his mind, but it had been waning as of late, and her heart was broken because of it. On one of her recent visits to her charge, she had broken down in tears while Eory slept and murmured in his ear, I can’t ever free you.
But the Waif God, Sherne, had blessed her with a miracle. Upon her recent consultation with Laurence, he had finally given in and granted her her wish; Eory could go free. She didn’t know why and she didn’t care. She just knew she couldn’t wait to tell Eory.
Chapter 8: A New Friend
When Kori arrived in Eory’s room, she saw him reclining on the couch with a glazed look in his eyes, staring up at a leaky ceiling. 
Because it was freezing outside, Kori had been wearing a cloak to keep her warm from the chilly weather, but she removed it now. Eory rolled on his side to face her, tears welling in his rosy eyes.
Kori tried not to cry, herself, when she saw her beloved surrogate son in such pain. She cleared her throat, placing the pack she had been carrying on the ground. A bright smile rose on her lips when she remembered that she was about to tell him something very happy.
“Eory, I am happy to inform you that you have been Redeemed.” Kori nodded, planting her hands in her pockets.
Eory shifted into a sitting position, his mouth agape. For a moment, he had no words to express his gratitude. “I’m to be free, then?”
“Well…” Kori said, clearing her throat, “on the condition that you attend the king’s ball with no mishap and demonstrate yourself to be a fine asset to society, you will be set free.”
Eory breathed in deeply with a face that told her he couldn’t believe his ears. In a moment, he couldn’t contain himself; he embraced his caretaker and lifted her in his arms.
His caretaker, like all waifs, was a tiny, four-foot-tall woman, who was easy to carry. 
Kori giggled for a moment. Despite the fact that she was only thirty-eight, she had the wrinkled, pruney skin that all waifs had regardless of whether they were six or sixty, and she wrapped these wrinkled arms around him affectionately. When she realized how far she was from the ground, she politely asked Eory to put her down.
Kori then dug through her pack and pulled out many beautifully packaged presents for Eory. The first was a golden headdress that belonged to his older brother, Gerhsom. Kori brought a small, waif-sized mirror with her which she handed to Eory so he could get a good look at himself. Kori put the headdress on him. He was a sight to behold in it; the golden circlet wrapped around his head beautifully--looping around his large, elephant-like ears--and the gold and silver chains dangling from the sides and back of it complimented his complexion unbelievably well.
Eory cocked his head to the side. He didn’t look at himself often--there was no need to--but he thought he looked a little strange, since the only person he had to compare himself with was Kori.
He saw Kori clap her hands in the mirror and she told him, “You look so handsome!”
Eory blushed, looking away. “If you say so…”
“Let me show you what you’ll be wearing to the ball!” Kori said excitedly as she handed him the next brown-paper package tied up with string.
But Eory was weeping.
I can’t believe I thought she was a bitch… He sniffled and wiped his eyes as Kori came to his side. I’m such an awful person!
“Don’t cry, this is a happy occasion…” Kori said as tears came to her own eyes. “I know what will cheer you up!”
She handed him a blue-and-white striped box with a green bow tied prettily around the cap. Eory opened it. There was a tiny dog with bulging eyes inside, panting.
It licked his face.
 Eory smiled cheerfully at his new friend and lifted him out of the package; the dog was small enough to hold. Eory thought it was a little bit of a funny looking thing.
Its fur was black-and-white, and it had a whiter stripe traveling up from its chest to its forehead. It had small, upright ears and a tiny, round, black tail.
“I love him!” Eory exclaimed.
“Happier now?” Kori asked as Eory’s new friend licked his face.
Eory nodded and buried his face in the terrier’s fur. “What should I name him?”
“Whatever you want, darling.” Kori said with a nod. “You’ve earned the right to pick.”
Eory looked into the creature’s bulging eyes, and felt as if its dark eyes bored into his soul. “I think… Gershom.”
Kori’s smile melted into a deep frown. “Your brother’s name?”
Eory nodded. “He was my best friend!”
Kori’s face was twisted into one of white fear. She had hoped he would have forgotten about his family; she needed him to forget. His family was horrible—he had to separate himself from them entirely if she were to save him. “How about something else? Robert or Larry?”
Eory turned his spiral-tipped nose up and stuck out his tongue. “Larry? Bleh…”
Kori was sweating profusely at his choice of name. “Eory… You know you have to separate yourself from your family. After all, you’re…”
Eory looked away from her as his dog panted and licked his face. “I’m good—I’m different from them, I know. It’s just… My brother—he was… So kind to me, from what I remember.”
Kori, who had always been so strict to her surrogate son, relented this one time.
It was not an easy choice.
She had mulled it over in her mind for a full thirty seconds, which felt like thirty hours.
She had never allowed him to think well of his family; she had spent extensive time showing him precisely why they were to be reviled, in fact, but it was a special day, and Eory had worked inhumanly hard to get to this point. She let him have this one extra gift. After all, in the past, she had been exceedingly stern when teaching him exactly why his family was so evil.
Repeatedly, she would ask,“Your family used their vile magic to take over Maribel and kill thousandas. Why is this wrong?” She would ask.
Eory would sometimes take a moment to think which would worry her, but for the most part he would immediately answer, “because I wouldn’t want to be hurt like that; because so many people lost their families because of mine and I know it would hurt so much to lose mine like that—including you.”
“And how does this fact make you feel about your family?” Kori would go on relentlessly.
Eory would have a sad frown dawn on his sweet face and it would break her heart as he said, “I hate them. They disgust me.”
Kori thought she owed him for turning him against his family because, even though they were evil people, she had no doubt that they loved him and he loved them. “Very well. You can name him Gershom.”
Eory thanked her with a hug.
“Now, gather up your things, let’s get going. Are you ready to see the world?” Kori asked elatedly.
Eory nodded, quickly gathering up his clothes in a sack along with some of his drawings and his pen. He scribbled some letters on the back of a piece of parchment and then tucked it away.
Kori looked at him with pride before she revealed the cursed door she had hidden from him with magic for so long in green fire. He never thought he would cry at a door, but he did. He sniffled and, with his new dog tucked under his arm, set out to freedom.
Chapter 9: Second Chance
Eory never thought he would feel the warmth of the sun on his skin for the rest of the days, but he was wrong. He had been upstanding good for the past twelve years--good to an almost meticulous degree--and his hard work was finally being rewarded. The fairy goddesses had blessed him.
He stepped outside the tower with Kori at his side with teary eyes. He breathed the fresh, cold air and drank in the pale sunlight filtering in through the leaden sky. His eyes adjusted to this change in light that was so different from the candlelight in his room.
Eory looked around at the wide world ahead of him, and just basked in its glory for a moment.
He never thought his ears would be blessed with the sound of rustling leaves ever again, nor his nose be tickled by the scent of fresh greenery after a thorough rain. Mounds of snow were piled up on the road, and he had forgotten just how whtie it truly was. 
Eory became overwhelmed by a sense of pride and euphoria at it, and promised himself he would not let his chance at freedom go to waste.
But perhaps the thing that provided him with the greatest sense of euphoria was the horse-drawn carriage awaiting him, and the entourage of about thirty knights surrounding it, getting ready to saddle up their own horses.
There were people. Real people he could touch, and was nearly tempted to, but he refrained. Kori approached the entourage, introducing them all to Eory, who found that he was too shy to come closer to people he didn’t know. He found himself nervously immovable. 
Kori turned back and waved him forward. “Don’t be shy, Eory! Come over!”
Eory’s cheeks were hot with a mixture of embarrassment and fear, and he came forward cautiously until he came to a stop by Kori’s side, his shoes crunching to a halt in the snow. Kori turned to the tall, armored man she was talking to and said, “As I was saying, this is Eory. Eory, this is Patrick, one of the king’s majors.”
“Nice to meet you, Eory.” Patrick held out a hand, causing Eory to step away, hugging Gershom closer. 
“Eory…” Kori murmured. “Come say hello.”
Patrick chuckled. “No worries, Redeemer. He doesn’t know many people. It’s okay for him to be shy.”
Eory looked down at his boots, feeling disappointed in himself. He managed to come closer and squeak, “I’m Eory. Nice to meet you.”
“What great manners!” Major Patrick exclaimed. “Far more courteous than half the young men I know! I’d say you’ve done your job, Kori.”
Kori shook her head, beaming with pride at how Eory had introduced himself. 
“No.” She said. “Eory did it all by himself.”
__
Eory was daydreaming as he sat in the carriage and it slowly began rolling away from his tower--his old prison. The entourage of thirty knights marched behind the carriage in unison, ready to protect Eory and Kori should anything attack them.
Eory’s dog, who was sitting next to him on the plush seat of the carriage, brought him back to reality with a high-pitched yip!
“Eory,” Kori asked over the sound of the carriage wheels trundling over the gravely pathway. “What are you thinking about?”
Eory went red with embarrassment for a moment, and then he replied, “how wonderful it is to see all this!”
“You’re so quiet! I suppose you’re just drinking in all this wonderment, huh?” Kori said, gazing upon the scenery, too.
Eory nodded, looking to his left and right at the bushy pine trees lining the path.
He had accidentally imagined himself holding Pollyanna’s hands earlier and he felt sick at himself for it. Old women were holy creatures to fairy folk and were not to be touched by them. They were only to be worshipped.
It wasn’t as if he thought that way about every old woman, however…
To be fair, I only know two, though… And one I only know one through stories. Eory thought to himself with his fist pressed against his cheek. He blinked rapidly. But Kori’s not really old at all, she just looks old...
Eory stopped daydreaming and looked around at his surroundings in delight. The stormy sky, the verdant trees, the glistening snow, and the many shiny, rain-stricken rocks which the horses trod over were dazzling.
But Pollyanna began tugging him away from reality yet again.
Eory hung his head in shame and embarrassment. He really wanted to hold her hands. Reality is a nice place to be now! I don’t have to live in a fantasy anymore… I’ll surely be sent to the underworld if I think of an old woman this way.
“Eory! Look! A deer!” Kori whispered and thankfully interrupted his thoughts.
He looked to his right seeing a deer peeking out from the forest. He leaned to his right, looking past Kori. Eory was glad for Kori interrupting his reverie, especially to bring his attention to such a noble creature. 
He had read about deer, but hadn’t ever seen one. He was enthralled by how different it was from both himself and Kori.
“Look at it… Isn’t it pretty?” Kori exclaimed.
Its black eyes seemed bottomless, and held the reflection of the world it saw within them. Its red coat shimmered as it dashed back into the woods. 
Eory smiled ear-to-ear. He whispered, “Pretty…”
“You don’t have to whisper out here, Eory! I want to hear you say it loudly!” Kori encouraged.
Eory shyly pressed his cheek against Gershom’s head, embarrassed. “That’s okay…”
Chapter 10: Alone With Her Thoughts
Pollyanna cursed when she made it to the top of the tower where she had assumed Eory was kept. The whole tower, and indeed, the room where he had been kept, was empty. “Damn! He’s gone!”
She supposed she should have guessed he had been moved since there were no knights guarding the building, but she also figured it couldn't hurt to check the tower thoroughly, anyway.
Pollyanna wondered where they might have moved him as she explored his room for any clues--she hoped he hadn’t been moved to the castle.
She checked all the drawers and was shocked to find many pictures of herself in them. They were incredibly well drawn and accurate, and yet somehow flattering. She wasn’t attractive by any means at her age, but her charge--at least, she assumed Eory had drawn the pictures--had somehow made her look pretty. In most of the pictures, she was in powerful poses--holding her blade high or leaping--and she was usually depicted fighting beasts like dragons or griffins; some of which she had fought in real life, and some were merely fanciful tales.
Pollyanna pocketed a drawing of herself. He made me look so pretty.
Pollyanna pulled out all drawers, rummaged through them, checked in the cracks of the sofa and under the all furniture, and eventually found a piece of paper with vital information.
Leaving to the ball with Kori! I never have to see this room again! My good behavior has been rewarded.
She grinned. He had signed the date he had first been locked in the tower to the current date. “He can’t be too far ahead! He only left yesterday!”
Pollyanna made her way down the many stairs of the tower after that, and returned to the ground floor of the building. She had left the door open and stepped outside.
She was panting a little from her descent down the tower, and she growled in frustration at having only just missed her charge. In an attempt to calm her raging heart, she took a moment to watch snow gently fall from the sky. “That waif will pay for making me climb such a ridiculously tall tower.”
After a moment of leaning on the door frame, she jolted from the tower and ran like a woman possessed down the gravelly path ahead of her.
She was in a bad mood. 
Leaves, snow, and gravel crunched under her feet as she went. She was not as fast as the average humanoid, indeed, she was much faster--inhumanly fast, to be precise. 
She sped along the idyllic, forested path until night fell, and then she reluctantly made camp in the foliage next to the path. She gathered twigs and wood for a fire and sat down next to it with a contented sigh.
She had niggling desires of late. Her mind kept turning to Fjorn.
She stretched her legs out in front of her with her mind going every direction that she wished it wouldn’t go.
I got what I wanted in life, I need nothing else. There isn’t a creature alive, whether it be humans like myself, fairies, waifs, gamayuns, elves, dwarves, or anyone else that haven’t heard my name. She tried to convince herself.
But, as she curled up in front of the fire listlessly, her womb felt achingly empty--reminding her if her rash decisions--and the space next to her felt chillingly empty. She put her arm over it, wishing someone were there.
Chapter 11: Save His Soul
 “We’re almost to the castle, Eory!” Kori said as the carriage wound around another bend in the rocky road. They had been on the road for about three days with their entourage, and Eory had been taking in the sights with few evil, dark, or perverse thoughts coursing through his mind. He was fairly proud of himself, even though it was hard for him to be proud of himself.
The woman—Taylor--was in his mind, however, always mocking him and tempting him to do evil things. We’re no good. There’s no way you’ll succeed at the ball.
Eory slouched in the seat, biting his lip. Shut up. This is our chance.
She wouldn’t leave him alone. She put self-doubting thoughts in his mind, thoughts that made him doubt he was a good person, or that he deserved freedom.
While they camped at night during the three remaining days to the castle, Kori continued to coach Eory on proper manners around a bright fire.
“When you meet the king and the queen at the ball, you must bow lowly to them, kiss the queen’s hand, and then wait for them to tell you to rise. Let’s practice, then.” Kori suggested excitedly when night had fallen.
Eory gracefully did a sweeping bow, kissed Kori’s hand, and stayed on one knee until Kori told him to rise.
“Beautiful. You have better manners than most people at Court!” Kori clapped her hands together cheerfully, the firelight casting her face in a warm, orange glow.
Kori looked at him proudly for a long moment and then sniffled, looking away.
Eory knelt down next to her and asked, “what’s wrong? Have I upset you?”
Kori shook her head as Eory took her hands from her eyes. “I’m just so proud of you, and I feel so guilty about everything…”
“About what?” Eory asked as he cocked his head to the side.
“I didn’t have enough faith in you—I didn’t have enough faith in anyone involved in this situation. The king had made it so clear to me so many times that he had no intention of freeing you, and yet he’s giving you a chance.” Kori said through bittersweet tears.
It was Eory’s turn to feel guilty as snow got caught in his blonde eyelashes and pointed nose. He had thought so little of her that he assumed her saying, I can’t ever free you, was her being needlessly cruel. But, now he remembered.
She was in tears and apologetic when she whispered that to him as he fell asleep. She was not taunting him at all.
I just wanted to believe she was taunting me because I’m no good…
Eory stroked his surrogate mother’s hair. “Please don’t cry, I’m the one who should apologize, deep down I’m…”
Kori looked up at him furiously. “Don’t you dare say that like you used to all the time! You are not no good! You’re very good! You’re kinder than almost anyone I know!”
Eory said nothing, not wanting to upset her further.
Who are you kidding? You had such cruel intentions toward her earlier. You wanted to bite her and rip her skin off! Said the woman in his head.
Shut up! I’m a good person—you’re just a bitch!
And Eory chastised himself for even thinking that nasty word again.
He and Kori practiced dancing, and Kori was surprised at how quickly Eory picked up the skill. She only had to lead for Eory’s first attempt. After that, Eory was able to lead easily. His body just seemed to know what to do.
“Eory, you’re a brilliant dancer!” Kori praised him cheerfully.
“Thank you, Kori. I learned a little bit when I was little.” Eory explained.
Kori shook her head in disbelief. “That may be so, but that can’t possibly explain such natural talent. You’re a brilliant dancer, Eory!”
Eory blushed, twiddling his fingers. He paused before quietly repeating, “Thank you.”
“Now, how about we practice some conversational skills? When in doubt, keep to the weather and a person’s health, alright?” Kori giggled. “Let’s start.”
Eory’s conversational skills were far more lacking than his skills in dancing. He didn’t seem to know how to continue a conversation very well after initial greetings and inquiries about health and the weather. By the time it was time for bed, Eory had gotten better at it, but Kori would have to be sure to practice with him more before they arrived.
Eory knew he hadn’t done well at conversation, but he was just grateful that Kori was willing to help him like she always was. 
When he went to sleep that night, he rested in peaceful memories of Kori’s kindness/
When Eory was ten-years-old and beginning to understand just how awful the things his family had done were, he had been even quieter than he usually was. Kori knew something was wrong and she asked him. “What’s wrong Eory? You’re so quiet lately…”
They were sitting on the sofa in his tower, and he told her his worst fears, “I’m no good. I’ll end up just like my family. I don’t know why you’re taking this time to help me…”
Kori’s heart was torn to shreds at his words. She had done this to him. She had accidentally convinced him he could not be saved because she had to disparage his family so often. “No, no, darling. You are nothing but sweetness and kindness. You could never do the things that your family did.”
There was a long silence, and then he said truthfully, “but I think about doing evil things… I think about hurting you--hurting the people who hurt my family.”
Kori was about to protest, but she stopped when Eory suddenly pulled out a beautiful, stark, black-and-white drawing he had drawn of his caretaker and showed it to her. “I made it for you since you’re so hard at work at saving my soul.”
Kori burst into tears and kissed his forehead. “No one who could make something so thoughtful and beautiful could be evil.”
Chapter 12: The Arrozan Sword
Pollyanna hadn’t slept for an entire day. She was pushing herself as hard as possible to catch up to her charge, who she was sure couldn’t be very far ahead. I have to catch them before they make it to the castle--convince him to go elsewhere.
Cold wind froze her ears, making her cheeks dry and red as she sped through the dark night—following the wet path that would lead to the castle. She took deep breaths as her sore legs quivered beneath her.
Her muscles were as good and powerful as ever, but her head just wasn’t in the game.
She took a break for a moment, leaning against a tree on the side of the path. She panted and rubbed one of her arms self-consciously as her mind ever turned to unpleasant thoughts.
She blinked tiredly.
She thought of the two years she had spent in a prison of her own. She didn’t fight at all while she was in there; she let the dwarven guards kick her, punch her, and stab her complacently while she was chained up, wallowing in the knowledge that she had failed to protect the Arrozan Royal Family, despite her invincibility.
She grunted furiously when she thought of it, unsheathed her blade, and sliced at the tree she was leaning against repeatedly until the trunk was separated from the stump.
She panted heavily, clenching her jaw. Her errant thoughts led her elsewhere, then, to a far more desirable place. Fjorn…
He mashed his lips against hers, shoving her down on the bed. She reached out, running her hands down the sides of his body as he leaned in for another kiss.
She gasped as she reached out, trying to shove him playfully off of her to madden him, only to find she was not in the past at all, and that she was shoving air aside. She shivered, sitting on the stump of the tree she had cut down.
Pollyanna sightlessly let her mind drift from memory-to-memory. She thought of dragons and wyverns she had slain, she thought of men who looked her up and down provocatively but who she never dared touch, and she thought of her one failure. She remembered Eory being dragged away from his family to be locked away while his family was being beheaded.
His screaming tore through her mind and pierced the cold air.
Pollyanna gasped and realized she was just hallucinating.
She massaged her temples. “I can’t believe I failed. I am the Arrozan Sword, and there is no greater thing in the world than a sword.”
Yes...
She knew there was no greater thing than a sword. It could be used to attack, protect, and had no vile intentions--it merely did what its master commanded.
Pollyanna scowled determinedly. It can be used to avenge, too.
She wallowed in frustrated misery for a moment longer before standing up unsteadily. “I haven’t got time to be wallowing like a goddamned woman.”
Pollyanna sheathed her sword. I’m coming, Eory. I have to stop you from going to the ball. The king will definitely execute you. If I have to kill everyone in that castle, I will.
She propelled herself forward again.
Chapter 13: The Woman of Legend
“Almost to the castle, Eory. Just three more days!” Kori exclaimed cheerfully.
Eory nodded silently and shyly with a tiny smile.
Night was falling and Eory was entranced by the snow that looked like pixie dust as it gently floated down in the orange light of the torches lining the path.
He hugged Gershom close as he looked at the wonderment around him. He described it in his mind as he was wont to do.
White flecks of snow gently crept down from the sky—looking for all the world like tiny crystals that glinted in the orange firelight. All around, snow was piled up on the side of the road and brought out how emerald green the leaves on the trees were which framed the path.
Eory thought the description was apt and beautiful. He thought it was one of the prettier descriptions he had ever come up with, and his imagination ran away from him as he expanded on the story. 
There was a dark-skinned woman waiting for him in the forest that framed the path. She was seven-feet-tall, had piercing blue eyes, and wore a beautiful, silky pink dress with a hood and fur trim. When he approached, she lowered her hood and looked at him with a brilliant smile. She revealed a silvery white mane, her mature face coming into focus.
Eory was brought back to reality with a jolt--his dog barking loudly in his ear--and Kori yelling his name. “Eory! Eory! We have to get out of here! It’s Pollyanna!”
Eory leaned out of the carriage for a moment—gripping the side—and glanced behind him.
It was definitely her.
She did not have the sweet expression she had in his fantasy. She had a battle face on as she grunted, cutting down three of the guards travelling behind the carriage easily with a crescent arc.
She was shot by three arrows as the knights circled her skillfully. She growled, briefly brought to her knees in pain. She was bleeding heavily, but she ripped the arrows out of her body, her wounds healing at an inhuman speed--the blood retracting into her body.
She stood up with a roar and continued dueling the dozens of knights who were no match for her, even on horseback.
The man driving the carriage whipped the horses, speeding up their pace. Eory heard steel-on-steel behind him--the grunts of a woman possessed were carried to his ears on the freezing wind.
Kori’s hands lit up with green fire as she prepared to attack Pollyanna. It began as a tiny yellow flame floating above her hands—about an inch wide—and then roared into a full, green flame that was larger than both her tiny waif hands. She peered behind the carriage—ready to launch the fireball—but Eory grabbed her arm and pulled her back. “Wait! Don’t harm her!”
Kori looked at him, stunned, and then she scowled, pushing him away. She said sternly, “Sit there and do as you’re told, Eory!”
“But she’s protected my family for centuries! She has been nothing but good and kind to us!” Eory cried. “She protected innocent people from my family, while pretending she was on their side!”
“I may have told you stories about her being a hero, but she is just as terrible as your ancestors! She followed any horrible orders your family gave her!” Kori yelled above the screaming of the knights being massacred behind them.
In a moment the screaming went silent. The only sound was the churning of wheels on gravel and the cold wind in their ears.
Eory was in tears and he turned away, hugging his dog close.
Kori felt bad, but she had no time to soothe him. She peered behind the carriage again and saw that Pollyanna had disappeared and that all the guards were dead.
Chapter 14: A Vitriolic Stroke
Kori was sweating profusely when she saw Pollyanna had disappeared. The woman had left a trail of corpses in her wake, and it was deathly silent.
Kori looked to her left and saw Eory crying, clutching his dog to his chest for comfort. After being assured that Pollyanna was not on that side of the carriage, she turned her attention back to the right side of the carriage. She gasped in fear. 
Pollyanna appeared right beside the carriage--keeping pace with it. After a few moments, the warrior-maiden hopped, gripping the carriage door with one hand and keeping her sword at the ready in the other—but Kori launched fireball after fireball, dislodging the warrior-maiden from the door. Pollyanna went tumbling backwards through a flurry of snow.
Eory watched with anger suddenly seething in his veins.
I told her not to hurt her… He thought to himself. I just want one thing from her and she doesn’t grant it to me!
The woman, Taylor, encouraged cruel thoughts within him. We could easily push her out of the carriage, she’d never know what hit her!
Eory could feel the darkness growing and slithering inside him--stretching from his stomach to the tip of his toes and fingers, and eventually, worming into his mind. He hunched over, holding Gershom all the closer. He pressed his cheek against the top of his dog’s head and tried to hold all evil intentions within him.
Kori was looking behind the carriage again and launching fireballs at Pollyanna who kept tumbling further and further behind the carriage and had no opportunities to climb to her feet.
Kori was sweating with exertion after unleashing eight fireballs. She could feel her heart pounding so hard that she felt like it might give out. She could conjure no more fireballs and took deep breaths instead.
Eory fought the urge to jump out of the carriage and go meet the woman he had always had such admiration for. He glanced over the back of the carriage, seeing that Pollyanna was woodenly climbing to her feet with scuffs and dirt all over her skin. She began speeding up her pace gradually.
“She got back up.” Eory said ineffectually.
Kori wiped her forehead and she yelled to the man driving the carriage, “Faster! Faster!”
“We’re already driving the horses too hard! If we drive them harder they’ll die, Redeemer!” The driver said.
Kori gritted her teeth. “Dammit!”
Eory’s mind went white with fear as a sword spiraled swiftly through the air and into the head of the driver.
The executioner stomped on Gershom’s back to keep him down with his axe at the ready. One swift motion and his brother’s head would—
Eory screamed as the carriage careened off the road, running into the forest where it collided with a tree.
Pollyanna approached the broken carriage slowly. Kori groaned, her body exhausted from the exertion of using so much magic. She summoned a fireball and said to Eory, “Go Eory! I’ll hold her off!”
“No!” Eory protested as Pollyanna walked past them, retrieved her sword from the driver’s head, and then turned to Kori who was feeling too exhausted to move, and sat, unmoving, on the plush carriage seat.
Chapter 15: As You wish
Pollyanna strode to Kori’s side, readying her blade with a flourish—holding it high in the air. Kori locked eyes with the seven-foot-tall woman fearlessly, trying to summon a fireball, but she was too exhausted. It fizzled out.
With a yell, Pollyanna began driving the sword downward, but stopped when Eory dashed in front of his caretaker and screamed, “Stop, stop! She’s my friend!”
Pollyanna looked enraged. “You fool! She’s held you hostage all this time—you were her prisoner!”
“Eory, get out of here! If you go with her, you will almost certainly fall victim to your heritage!” Kori said weakly.
Eory did not budge an inch, however. He looked Pollyanna in the eye as the woman’s hands shook on the hilt of her sword. She growled, but then reluctantly lowered her blade. “Guess I’ve killed enough for today. I’ll leave her alive but you’re coming with me, Eory.”
Pollyanna seized his wrist and dragged him out of the broken carriage and into the snow.
Kori weakly sat up and said, “Leave him! You will take him nowhere!”
Eory struggled against Pollyanna, but she was a strong and tall human woman—seven feet and muscular.
“Let me go!” He demanded. “You’re supposed to obey me! I want to stay with Kori!”
Pollyanna turned her nose up at how pathetic he was. None of his relatives were ever so sniveling. Eory breathed harshly, his heart pounding wildly. He’d never been so scared in his life. This woman could easily kill him. “You really are a stupid fool if you think you’re going to go to that ball and have anything good come out of it.”
“T-then… Come with us to the ball! If something goes wrong, you can protect me!” Eory suggested.
Kori yelled, “Eory! Escape while you can!”
Eory shook his head. “N-no…”
The fairy looked up at Pollyanna and thought that her watery blue eyes looked just as beautiful as they did in his imagination—even if they did simultaneously terrify them with their derisive coldness.
Pollyanna didn’t return his look of fear or adoration. She only had a scowl on her face.
Gershom leapt out of the carriage and barked as he ran to Eory’s side, whimpering. Eory picked him up and stroked him nervously.
Holding his dog brought Gershom to mind. Eory was reminded of his brother, and he remembered a very important secret that his family kept about Pollyanna that nobody else on the whole face of Yharos knew. They had repeated it to him often, and he had never forgotten.
I order you to...
Eory whispered so that Kori couldn’t hear him, “I order you to take us to the castle. Right now. You’ll die if you don’t, right?”
Pollyanna’s face lit up with shock mixed with fury. Her face twitched with barely-restrained rage. She snarled, cutting up a nearby tree in her rage.
Eory was taken aback by her rage, clutching the dog to his chest fearfully.
Pollyanna turned to the pair after a moment of panting and then smoothed her hair back with a sarcastic grin. “Very well. I shall shepherd you both to the castle. Come now, waif, don’t give me that look. I call a truce.”
Kori’s eyes glistened with tears. She knew there was nothing she could do to keep Pollyanna from her surrogate son. She knew the warrior maiden would kill her at the first opportunity and take her son away, and her eyes were drowned in tears when she thought of it.
Chapter 16: Possession
Pollyanna was scheming.
She had to figure out a way to get rid of Kori so that her charge could rebuild the Arrozan line, and her own survival could be ensured. If she killed the waif now, she would be going against Eory’s orders “I order you not to kill Kori.” Which would cause her own death, as refusing orders from the Arrozans always did.
On foot, it would take them four more days to get to the castle instead of three, which would leave them only one day to get to the ball on time. Pollyanna had to stop that from happening, as she knew the ball must be some kind of trap.
She walked a few paces ahead of both Eory and Kori, glancing back at them to make sure they were still there. Kori protectively gripped Eory’s arm, whispering at him to stay close to her.
When Pollyanna looked back, Eory would be looking at her with eyes that were very either fearful, or, at other times… worshipful. She wondered just what the waif had told him about her.
She recalled his messy room with dozens of drawings of herself strewn about. Whatever the waif told him, it had caused him to revere her.
But why would she tell him things about me to make him revere me? Why didn’t she teach him to revile me like she undoubtedly did his own family?
Pollyanna called to the pair who were lagging behind her, “Come here, Eory—no, just Eory. You stay back there, waif.”
Eory gulped fearfully and, with Kori protesting, caught up to Pollyanna’s side, saying with his voice barely above a whisper, “Um… You have an arrow sticking out of your shoulder.”
Pollyanna glanced at her shoulder.
“Oh.” She said, yanking it out of her shoulder.
Eory had many things he wanted to tell her, but he didn’t know how to say them.
She’s gorgeous and graceful. Terrifying and protective. He looked up at her and did not see the things other people saw when they looked at her; where they saw a mass of ugly wrinkles and wild, unkempt gray hair; Eory saw clear, blue eyes, soft, luscious brown skin, and a gorgeous, silvery mane.
Eory gnawed his arm as he walked alongside her.
Pollyanna turned her nose up at the familiar disgusting behavior displayed by almost every single one of his family members who she had known. Judging by how far his teeth were digging into his arm, he was incredibly nervous.
“Why are you so nervous?” Pollyanna asked.
Your hair is like liquid silver… Eory wanted to tell her but the words would not come out. “Well… You are holding me and Kori captive.”
Pollyanna took a deep breath as she walked, keeping her eyes on the road. “Eory, I am on your side and your side only. That woman does not have your best interests at heart. Give me the word and I’ll get you away from both her and the king. I’ll find you a place where you can recuperate and rebuild an army of your own to retake the throne.”
Eory looked at her intently. He wanted to say “yes.” just to impress her; he wished he knew how to impress her in general, but Kori never told him anything about love, and he didn’t know how to make her like him.
He couldn’t say “yes.” anyway. He loved Kori too much, and wanted to be good more than anything. “I’m sorry, Pollyanna. I want to go to the ball and show everyone I’m good so that I can be set free. I order you to come along and support me in that goal.”
Pollyanna growled, taking him by the shoulders. “Listen to me! There is no good and evil in this world! There are only the strong and the weak, and those who devour both! Your family devoured both—they are the ones you want to aspire to. In order to do so, you must run far, far away from Maribel.”
Eory shrank from her powerful gaze, blushing at her firm touch. His knees shook--from both love and nervousness-- and, suddenly, he was back to being in his tower--with no control over anything--just melting under her judgmental gaze.
You fool. You own her. She can’t tell us what to do. Taylor reminded him.
Eory cleared his throat and stood up straight. “You will obey my orders, Pollyanna! You will not harm Kori, nor me, nor anyone at the ball!”
Pollyanna stared him down for a long, silent moment. He stared back. She was surprised by his determination and bravery, despite appearances.
She turned around, continuing along the path after that moment without a word.
So you’re weak, then. She thought to herself.
Chapter 17: Another Prisoner
-----Pollyanna, Eory, and Kori made camp that night in the forest amongst the pine trees on the side of the road. Pollyanna retreated into her thoughts while sharpening her blade on a whetting stone. She was severely disappointed in her charge. He was a mewling coward, and a blight upon his family’s magnificent dynasty. The idea of having to protect such a weakling was so unappealing to her that she was tempted to disobey an order and let herself die.
Alas, I am not a quitter. I owe it to you too, Fjorn, to protect him. He still has your blood, after all. I just have to awaken the magic inside him somehow. That will make him a respectable threat, as you were.
Pollyanna looked over at Eory, who was shivering and holding his bug-eyed dog in his lap, with Kori on the other side of the fire. Kori asked, “Shall I tell you the story of how I gained my powers?”
Eory was unsure. He wanted to hear about Pollyanna, but she was sitting right there. It would be strange to ask Kori for a story about her. Eory nodded. “Please tell me.”
Kori took a moment to think about how she wanted to tell the story, and began only when she was sure that she had a good hook.
“I was sent on a journey to a holy mountain just north of Trella—the land of the waifs—at the age of twelve. If waifs are born with the gift of magic, it will be awakened somewhere on that mountain through a spiritual vision. Mine was spectacular. I found a butterfly flying around on that barren and craggy mountain after starving for three days. It was turquoise and sparkling, and I chased it until I caught it, and it brought me into the Dream World. I saw… I saw my secret desires, and those desires triggered the magic in my soul.” Kori said sleepily.
Eory had never heard this story before; Kori had never told him one about herself. He decided he liked it very much, but.. it was somewhat soured by the fact that she probably only told her one about herself because she didn’t want him thinking well of Pollyanna anymore.
Pollyanna kept watch while Eory and Kori both slept. During this time, she wondered why Eory didn’t just send her away. He knew that he could, and yet he didn’t. He seemed fearful of her and yet… The way he looked at her made her stomach churn.
Pollyanna glanced at the waif, wishing she could kill her. She even unsheathed her blade, but even just trying to move her legs toward the wrinkled creature squeezed her heart with pain.
Suddenly, Eory’s eyes fluttered open. He sat up. He smoothed his hair back, looking around. When he saw Pollyanna was still up, he queried, “Y-you should get some sleep… Aren’t you tired?”
Pollyanna looked up at the sky. “A sword has no reason to sleep."
After a moment, she said, "Why haven’t you sent me away? You know I have to obey your orders or else I will die—so why don’t you give me the order to leave you alone forever?”
Eory knew the reason. He was hopelessly in love with her. He wanted her nearby—even if she was just going to intimidate him and Kori. He couldn’t tell the woman sitting in front of him apart from the legendary woman who Kori had told him stories about--the woman who enthralled him.
Her earlier actions--how she killed their entourage of thirty soldiers--oozed at the back of his head, threatening to overcome his pristine vision of her, but he managed to prevent it from spreading.
“I want you around in case I need you.” Eory lied. “People... probably don’t like me very much because of my heritage. If they attack me, you can protect me.” Eory said as he hugged his stomach for warmth.
Pollyanna sighed, taking pity on him. “Come here.”
Eory froze in terror for a moment. He knew that if she tried to kill him, it would result in her own death, but that didn't stop him from being scared of her due to the niggling fear in the back of his mind. Nevertheless, he couldn't pass at the chance of sitting near by the woman of his dreams. He trudged through the snowfall, and sat by Pollyanna.
She draped her cloak over his shoulders. He smiled at her silently.
Pollyanna couldn’t help it; a smile dawned on her own face.
Pathetic. Why don’t you just order her to kiss you? You don't need to earn her love. The woman’s disgusted voice resounded in his head.
Chapter 18: Nothing if Not Loyal
Kori was confused about the turn of events. She wondered why Pollyanna hadn’t killed her yet; she knew Eory had commanded her not to, and that Pollyanna was nothing if not loyal to the commands of the Arrozan family, but it was clearly in the warrior-maiden’s best interest to kill her or at least get her away from Eory.
Kori frowned deeply as she walked at Eory’s side. I guess I shouldn’t be surprised. A sword has no will of its own.
Kori worried endlessly about the soul of her charge. She had opened her eyes late in the night and seen him sleeping with his head on Pollyanna’s shoulder, his dog curled up like a ball on his lap.
Kori had told her charge stories about Pollyanna because she wanted to give him someone to look up to; she wanted to show him that just because someone was associated with his family, that didn’t mean they had to be evil.
She realized now that her lies had backfired. She feared he was in love with the warrior-maiden, and Pollyanna was an odd, ugly, and too old of a woman to love.
And now, she was faced with having to travel with the most feared woman in all the land to a ball where Pollyanna would undoubtedly get both Kori and Eory killed.
Kori knew that the warrior-maiden had escaped her dwarven prison years ago, and a faction of King Laurence’s most elite mages and soldiers had been sent out to find and detain her in response, along with the dwarven king’s knights. However, nobody had any idea where she had gone when she had escaped.
The soldiers the king sent out never came back, and neither did the dwarven king’s.
When Kori saw him, King Laurence threatened many times to kill Eory as a show of power to Pollyanna--to convince the warrior-maiden to leave Maribel alone—but Kori convinced him that that would only make Pollyanna angrier, and would only sooner result in the destruction of Maribel. She added that, if she were successful in making Eory into a good person, that perhaps he could dissuade Pollyanna from harming the kingdom. The king was agreed, and decided to leave Eory alone.
“Waif, come here.” Pollyanna ordered her, interrupting her thoughts.
“I ordered you not to harm her!” Eory reminded Pollyanna sternly.
“I’m not a fool.” Pollyanna replied. “I just want to have a word.”
Kori patted Eory’s elbow. “It’s alright, Eory. I can handle myself.”
The four-foot-tall waif stood as tall as she could and walked beside the seven-foot-tall warrior-maiden as snow crunched under their feet. “What do you want, you monster? Why can’t you leave me and Eory alone?”
“You know I am loyal soldier who doesn’t disobey orders. I won’t be leaving either of you alone. I just wanted to tell you that you can’t change who he is. He is the same as all his ancestors, and he merely needs to be put in the right situation to show his true colors. He will be wanting his throne back that you helped steal.” Pollyanna said with a smirk. “Go back to your homeland, waif. I don’t know why you were banished, but you don’t belong among either fairies or humans.”
Kori ignored her latter comment and only addressed the former. “Fairies were the ones who stole the throne from humans in the first place! It never belonged to them!”
Pollyanna had no retort for a moment, she merely grinned sadistically, glad she was able to get under his skin.
In a moment, she said coolly, “Eory agreed to let me come into the castle with him. Once the king reveals whatever vile thing he has in store for Eory, I will be prepared to dive in and save him from it.”
Kori scowled. “The king has no ill will toward Eory!”
Pollyanna said smugly,“You sound so unsure, My Lady.”
Chapter 19: Docile
Pollyanna let the waif and Eory walk ahead so she could keep a better eye on the pair. They talked and laughed together about silly things while Pollyanna racked her mind for a potential solution in separating them. She could think of none that didn't involve disobeying a potential order, therefore resulting in her death.
Pollyanna was brought out of her thoughts by a high-pitched giggle from Kori, seeing the waif nod in response to something Eory asked. The young man handed Gershom to Kori, and then knelt by a pile of snow, digging his hands in with a smile. 
Pollyanna forgot just how new to the world he was, and was somewhat charmed by his sweetness and innocence as he looked up at the snow falling from the sky with immense, unblinking intrigue.
I wish I could be that amused by a snowflake… Pollyanna thought to herself. Impulsively, she sped up her pace and came to kneel by Eory’s side. 
The young man avoided her gaze, looking a little flustered.
“You like snow?” Pollyanna asked.
Eory nodded silently.
Pollyanna leaned her hand on her cheek thoughtfully. I’ve never met an Arrozan like him before… They don’t have an appreciation for nature or the simple things in life.
“You can eat it, you know.” Pollyanna suggested and demonstrated--scooping up a pile in her gloved palms and swallowing it.
Eory grinned, following her example.
Kori watched silently from a fair distance, on-edge the entire time.
His pupils dilated with delight and he chuckled. “It’s so cold!”
Pollyanna noticed a speck of it still lingered on his cheek. Her eyes scrunched up in a smile as she thumbed it away with a gloved finger.
They locked eyes, both enthralled for a moment. After that moment, Eory looked away in embarrassment.
She didn’t know why, but she could feel her ancient, closed-off heart beating faster.She waited for her heartbeat to return to normal, and she found herself looking over the fairy curiously.
She snatched the long, golden braid which hung down to his lower back and said, “you know, male fairies don’t typically wear their hair like this. This is more of a style for females.”
Eory gave her a shy, sidelong glance and said quietly, “Truly? I didn’t know.”
Pollyanna sighed at his quiet manner, wanting him to be more outgoing, but at the same time, she didn’t. There was something mesmerizing about his withdrawn manner that captivated her in comparison to his rather boisterous ancestors.
“Don’t tell me the waif makes you wear it like this to make it prettier like a woman’s? I think you’d look rather dashing with short hair. You should ask her to cut it.” Pollyanna suggested, rising to her feet.
She glanced over at the waif who was speechlessly looking at Eory and Pollyanna with a furrowed forehead. Without a word, Pollyanna began to take her leave, taking a step forward on the path, but was stayed by Eory asking hastily, “Would you like if…”
Eory stopped himself , realizing how loud he had said it.
Pollyanna waited for him to continue, eyes wide in confusion.
“Would you like it if I cut it?” Eory said, his voice barely above a whisper.
Pollyanna gave him a genuine smile, returning to his side and placing a hand on his cheek, “You look handsome either way. You should make your own decision.”
Eory watched her go, touching a hand to his cheek where hers had been.
Chapter 20: Barrier
After two more days of traveling the winding path finally ended, connecting to an open dirt road leading up to the castle. Because they were still in the forest, Eory couldn’t get a very good look at it due to the forest foliage blocking his view. There was also something in front of him--blocking his path--that he would have walked into, if Pollyanna hadn’t grabbed his shoulder, staying him. The thing blocking the path was a clear distortion wavering through the air which barred Eory’s sequestered tower from the rest of the world. The thing appeared to be a barrier of magic. But that was not its only purpose; its other purpose was that of an illusion. On the opposite side of the barrier, the gravely path was disguised by an illusion--appearing to be blocked by a copious amount of unbreachable foliage. 
Eory was curious. He stuck his hands in the barrier. He panicked--trying to pull them out--but they were stuck. Eory was too embarrassed to cry for help.
Pollyanna rolled her eyes, unsheathing her blade. She had come through this same barrier earlier, and knew how to get past it. 
Pollyanna looked at Kori, grinning. “Your magical distortion couldn’t keep me out before and it can’t keep me out now. It was rather clever, though; if I hadn’t heard rumors of the tower being hidden by illusory magic, I never would have seen past your magic trick.”
Kori knitted her brows, but made no retort.
Pollyanna closed her eyes, chanting a few words in Gamayunian—the bird-like species that had made the blade, and who specialized in making weapons that dispelled magic. Her blade pulsed with red energy, and she opened her eyes, swinging it at the magical barrier. The sword sunk into the barrier like it was gelatin, getting caught in it. The distortion bent around her blade, it did not disappear as it had done earlier.
Sweat dripped down her forehead as she grunted.
The red power around the sword bloomed into a roaring fire.
With a mighty yell she pulled the sword back toward herself and then swung it again. The sword hitting the barrier split the air with the sound of a chime, and then the barrier evaporated, as if it were never there.
Kori watched in misery. She was hoping the barrier would hold, but it stood no chance against Pollyanna’s blade. Pollyanna sheathed her sword and Eory thanked her for freeing his hands from the barrier.
Eory stepped out from the forest, facing to the left.
A few yards ahead, the dirt path ended, and a gorge separated the patch of land Eory stood on from the patch of land the castle was on; connecting the two patches of land was picturesque, cobblestone bridge. The sun was waning, its light hitting the castle and lighting it up as if it were a bright flame, while everything that surrounded the castle was cloaked in shadow. 
The castle itself was a sight to behold. Eory hadn’t seen the castle since he was six-years-old, and only retained an image of it in his memories. Even with his overactive imagination, that always seemed to make things prettier than they truly were, somehow, the real thing had eclipsed his memories and imagination.
The castle sat nestled at the top of an incline, a stone wall erected around it to prevent any enemies from entering. At the corners of the wall were spires painted a brave and vibrant orange, just daring any would-be enemies to try and breach it--trees that were fifty-feet tall and twenty-feet wide stood on the outside of the wall, making it even harder to breach. The keep inside the wall peaked over it slightly--it was painted a ghostly white color--but the rest of the structures behind the wall were hidden by it. There was a narrow moat encircling the castle, sparkling as if diamonds lurked under its waters in the orange, fading light of the sun.
Eory looked at it, sniffling with memories that he had almost forgotten. Tears flowed from his eyes for a moment. He buried his head in his hands and wept.
Gershom whimpered at his side, empathetic to his master’s tears, and Kori put a comforting hand on his arm.
“It’s good to see it again, isn’t it, Eory?” Kori asked him. He nodded, crouching so she could comfort him with a hug.
Kori patted his back. She gazed past Eory’s shoulder at the castle, worried at what the king would do to all of them once he saw Pollyanna.
Kori turned to Pollyanna, unable to hide the frustration on her face, “If you must come along, we should at least have a plan to quell the king’s fears. Your plan of coming into the castle will get us all killed. Don’t you think, Eory?”
Eory took a moment to think, and then he nodded. “Kori’s right. We should have a plan to keep us all safe.”
Chapter 21: Coward
Kori took a deep breath before starting. “The ball is tomorrow. I suggest Pollyanna waits on the outside of the castle and only comes in if necessary. Once Eory is freed, you can guard him to your heart’s content.”
Pollyanna bristled at the idea. “Absolutely not. If I am not inside the castle, what’s to stop the king from unleashing a dozen arrows and killing Eory immediately when he enters? This whole ball sounds fishy and you know it, waif. Why would the king ever release someone as dangerous as Eory just because he felt like it?”
Kori sighed. She couldn’t deny that there was truth in that. Arrozan Fairies had powerful magic within them that could be harnessed by no other creature on Yharos. The only one in the group who had an idea of how the Arrozans harnessed that power was Pollyanna.
Something about needing to feel a certain emotion in its entirety--until it's all the fairy can feel--and then matching whatever word comes to mind with that emotion... The warrior-maiden thought to herself.
“I’ve never known Laurence to do anything underhanded or cruel, though… I think we can trust him not to hurt Eory.” Kori said, although even she had to admit she didn't feel the most confident in the statement.
“Except pose as a cook in the king’s kitchen so he could overthrow and behead him.” Pollyanna countered.
Kori glared at the warrior-maiden, but had to concede the point. The waif fell deep into thought about what to do in the situation. She sniffled, realizing she didn’t have much recourse. Tears streamed down her cheeks at what she was about to suggest. She swallowed a lump in her throat, saying, “Maybe the two of you should just go. I don’t want him to hurt you, Eory, and he definitely will if Pollyanna shows up.”
Eory looked at his caretaker’s wet, wrinkled cheeks, pulling her into a hug. He stroked her hair, shaking his head. “No, I want to be set free by the king to prove I’m good, so he won’t ever have the temptation to hunt me down. I want to prove Pollyanna is good, too.”
Pollyanna nearly snickered at the notion of anyone being ‘good’—least of all herself. “The waif is right, Eory. We should just leave together, build an army, and then come back and take the castle. There is no way you will ever prove to the king that I’m ‘good.’” She said sarcastically.
Eory patted Kori's back as she continued to sob, making a face at Pollyanna. “Absolutely not! Look, I have to… Concede that going into the castle without Pollyanna to protect me doesn’t sound appealing, but I must go. I must go to show the king, the world, and most of all… Kori, that I can be trusted outside of a cage. You have to convince them that you can be trusted too, Pollyanna, if you wish to come. I order you to.” Eory said, taking a deep breath.
Kori still couldn’t speak through her heavy tears and her misery at the situation.
Pollyanna, however, looked incredibly annoyed, a dark look on her face. “What do you want me to do? Grovel at the king’s feet and thank him for killing your family?”
Eory was silent for a moment, stung by her cruel words. He wanted to cower away from her discerning gaze, but the woman in his mind bolstered his courage, she just used our family’s death as a point in an argument. Are you going to let that stand?
His fists clenched, his heart leapt in a spike of rage.
“Pollyanna…” Eory said threateningly. “Here’s what will happen. Kori will go in first; she will tell the king that I am coming and I’m bringing a guest--don’t specify that it’s Pollyanna, Kori, just say a guest--Kori will then come outside to get us and we will both go to the ball. This way, when I’m freed, Pollyanna can go peacefully, too. I suppose it would be tantamount to suicide if we let him know who you are.”
At the suggestion of such ludicrous and life-endangering plan, Pollyanna snapped.
She seized him by the collar, lifting him off the ground. A sharp pain pierced her heart, perspiration pooled on her forehead, but she nonetheless persevered, holding him at eye-level. “You’re going to get us both killed, you goddamned coward, just so that you can look good in front of people who hate you. I hope you’re happy.”
Eory was petrified, unable to think straight as he looked into her deep blue eyes.
In a moment, she dropped him to the ground and pressed ahead.
Gershom growled at her as she walked by, and then sympathetically licked Eory’s face as the fairy shook with fear.
Chapter 22: Wild Thunder
Many years ago, when Eory was only six-years-old, thunder cracked in the dark, night sky, while rain relentlessly fell from it. 
Eory and his brother, Gershom, were safe and sound inside Castle Maribel, lying on their bellies in Eory’s plush, carpeted room. In each of their hands was a toy horse, and they played together like carefree children.
Even though Gershom was a highly bright and intelligent young man, with talent and passion for many activities—including dance, numbers, strategy, politics, and writing--entertaining his little brother was far more preferable to him than any of those things.
The two brothers were having a grand time, making silly, exaggerated voices for their horses until the first of many thunderbolts rang in the distance.
Eory clapped his hands over his large ears, sniffling in fear.
Gershom smiled at his little brother, rising to a sitting position. The older fairy watched Eory shudder in terror, his shaking, ivory hands plastered to his large ears. Gershom thought of a way to comfort his little brother.
He pulled his little brother onto his lap and whispered, “The thunder is like Pollyanna…”
Eory was still shuddering, but instead of staring ahead blankly, he now looked up at his brother, concentrating.
Eory only saw Pollyanna rarely, and when he did, she was quiet and imposing. She would stand stoically by his father’s throne, her sword pointed downward on the dais, and any peasants who came to beg the king for a favor would be faced with having Pollyanna there as a looming threat.. Otherwise, he hardly knew her except from the stories his family told him about her. He could tell Gershom was going to tell him one now.
“The thunder is wild--dangerous--but it can do you no harm if you can control it. Pollyanna is the same way, but she is even more wild and dangerous. Thunder goes away; Pollyanna does not."
There was a pause between them. Eory was now intently listening to his older brother rather than the oncoming, heavy rain, and the thunder roaring in the distance.
"You remember, right? That you can control her so long as you always use those three words?” Gershom said with a smile.
Eory thought for a moment, and then he nodded. “'I order you to…’”
Gershom nodded.
Thunder shook the land, making Eory jump.. Gershom held him all-the-tighter and then he said, “Tll me, Eory. Why should an Arrozan fear a silly thing like thunder, when he already has control over the far more dangerous Pollyanna?”
Eory thought about all the stories he had heard about Pollyanna—how she had helped overthrow the evil humans who used to rule Maribel, how she had killed dragons, wyverns, and many dangerous mages and realized that he, indeed, should have nothing to fear, but...
Eory wanted to believe his brother, but even at age six, he was more cowardly than most Arrozans were. His brother and parents worried constantly that he would bring shame to their line with his sniveling nature, but they adored him regardless.
Gershom sensed his brother’s doubts and, in a moment, he gently pushed Eory off his lap. The younger fairy sat in front of his brother, cross-legged. “Do you know why else you should neither fear thunder nor Pollyanna?”
Eory shook his head.
“Because we Arrozans are wilder and more dangerous than both. We bow neither to the thunder nor invincible warriors.”
Chapter 23: King Laurence
Kori did as Eory asked of her and went to see the king alone. She knew she could do little else since Eory had his heart and mind set on going to the ball. Kori took a deep breath at the drawbridge, listening to the sound of the moat running gently underneath it for a moment. 
No matter how positive she tried to be, she knew that nothing good could come out of them going to the ball. Nonetheless, she knitted her eyebrows determinedly, hiked up her dress, and crossed the drawbridge. She waited for the guards on the inside of the wall to open the portcullis blocking her path. Once they recognized her as the Redeemer, they turned the winch and the portcullis groaned open. Inside the castle walls, she was greeted to the sight of the familiar, charming peasant houses along with the wealthier estates owned by nobles. She began strolling through the bustling castle city, waving to familiar peasants and nobles--fairies and humans alike--as she went.
Many of them bowed to her, greeting her fondly. “Greetings, Redeemer.”
Kori curtsied in response and was glad that none of them recognized how disheveled she looked or that anything was wrong with her.
She wiped her sweating forehead, walking past vendors touting their wares, strumpets, and homeless people begging for coin. Kori wished she had a horse. As it was, it would take her at least half-an-hour to trek through the bailey to reach the fortress. She sped up her pace, despite how exhausted she was.
Many of the peasants, both fairy and human, moved out of her way as she went, wondering why the normally poised and dignified Kori was speeding through the city in so undignified a manner. 
By the time she arrived at the castle doors, she was a pool of sweat and she could feel the dirt and grime coating her skin. She knew she didn’t smell pleasant, either. The two guards by the door nodded to her, letting her through as they recognized her as the Redeemer--the only waif in Maribel. 
Inside of the castle, she stopped a page who was rushing by, putting a hand on his arm. “I need an audience with the king right away. Please go fetch him for me.
Kori collapsed on the ornate carpet under her breath, breathing jagged breaths. She was exhausted from having to use so much magic to keep Pollyanna at bay. I need to find another butterfly…
The king, Laurence, sped to Kori’s side when the page told him that she was at the castle entrance, looking disheveled and weary.
He was dressed in a heavy, red satin cloak with fur trim that dragged across the ground. He had a golden circlet atop his head--modest and earnest, embodying who Laurence was at heart.
Laurence saw Kori sitting on a bench in the entrance hall, clasping her hands in her lap. “Kori! I was so worried! I expected you back two days ago! I sent guards to find you, but they never came back! What happened?” Laurence helped her to her feet and she leaned against his side, panting.
She had a feeling that those guards had run into Pollyanna, and that Pollyanna had dispatched them.
Kori tried not to cry in fear at what she was about to ask, and decided she couldn't do it on an empty stomach. “I have to tell you something, and I need you to keep an open mind. But first, please… I need food and water. I’m exhausted and I haven’t been able to visit the Ghost World to regain my magic.”
Laurence nodded, helping her to her feet and then kindly guiding her toward the Great Hall where she would be fed whatever she wished by the kitchen.
Kori looked up at Laurence and then looked away. She could never quite describe how being in his presence felt, but awkward always came to mind.
Chapter 24: Kori and the King
Kori ate fine cheese and drank fine wine in the currently vacant Great Hall, glad that the other inhabitants of the castle had already eaten.
Laurence sat across from her at one of the three long tables, waiting for her to catch her breath and share news of what had happened. 
As Kori ate and drank, the wheels in her mind turned. She was incredibly worried for her surrogate son. She would do anything to protect him, and protecting him included saving him from Pollyanna’s wicked influence. What she was about to do made her feel sick at heart, but she knew it was the right thing. 
When she finished drinking her wine, she stared forward for a moment, collecting her thoughts. After that, she met Laurence’s gaze. “I’m disheveled because, when I went to tell Eory that he is a free man, I ran into none other than Pollyanna.”
King Laurence went pale with fear, his eyes wide. 
The room went deathly silent, as if there were no living creatures in it at all. 
Kori felt a pang of guilt. The plan had been to disguise Pollyanna in a heavy cloak and tell Laurence that she was merely a friend of Kori’s who she had bumped into on her way out from the castle, but Kori knew what was best for Eory, and what was best for him was to bargain with Laurence to kill Pollyanna to keep Eory alive and his morals in-tact.
“She’s here?” He whispered breathlessly. 
Kori nodded, her round eyes downcast.”She killed our entourage of soldiers easily. She’s outside the castle with Eory right now.”
“We must kill them both!” Laurence exclaimed. “While they’re not expecting it!”
Kori grabbed his hands silently, looking down silently. She reached out with comforting tendrils of magic, soothing the king--making him more malleable--even though it exhausted her further. Finally, she met his eyes. “You promised me you would give him a fair chance. I know you to be a good and honorable man. You wouldn’t back out on your promise, would you? You have to let Eory attend the ball.”
Laurence held her hands tighter for a moment, his face tensed with a mixture of fear and anger. In a moment, he stood from his chair, leaning on the table with clenched fists. “This isn’t a game, Kori! The whole castle is at stake! They must both die, now!”
“Don’t you see, Laurence.” Kori said determinedly. “If Eory had evil intentions, he wouldn’t bother coming to the castle at all. He would run away with Pollyanna and build an army to take the throne. If his intentions were to raze the castle, then his strategy is horrible! Besides, he can’t be sure that the ball isn’t a trap, either. I can’t blame him for bringing Pollyanna for safety”
The waif was crying--crying from stress and from having to hold her ground against someone she was so fond of. Laurence met her teary gaze with fury on his face, but after a moment, it faded into one of compassion. He sat back down, taking her hand in his and kissing her fingers. “I’m sorry, my dear. I know you care for the boy as if he were your own child, and I recognize that the boy probably means no harm due to the wonderful work you’ve done with him--despite his long and sordid family history. If Pollyanna weren’t accompanying him, I would leave him be, but as it stands--”
Kori interrupted him, her voice strong despite the fact that she was crying, “As it stands, Pollyanna will raze the castle if you kill Eory. I have a plan, Laurence. The plan will spare Eory, and kill Pollyanna. The thing is, is that you must pretend that you don’t know Pollyanna is with them. You must act as if you have bought my lie that she is a friend of mine.”
Laurence rubbed the bridge of his nose, and then nodded reluctantly. “Very well, I will hear this plan of yours.”
Kori was relieved. So relieved that she sighed aloud, a hand pressed to her thudding heart. She could tell Laurence was still angry with her, and she looked away from his somewhat derisive gaze. However, she had to ask, “ Before I tell you my plan, Laurence, may I ask why you have come around to Eory? I thought you would never want to release him…”
Laurence stared ahead blankly, and then answered, “You just seemed so sure that he had changed… and… and I missed your company. Suddenly, you didn’t want to be anywhere near me anymore, and I knew it was because I refused to free him. My reasons for wanting to free him weren’t altogether unselfish. I thought if I gave him one chance at the ball that he would show his true colors and I could kill two birds with one stone. I could have him imprisoned for life, and I could have you back in my life.”
Heat bloomed in her cheeks, her heart fluttered. After a moment, she said, “You must promise me, Laurence, that you will give him a true chance at the ball, and then we can deal with Pollyanna.”
King Laurence was silent for a long moment. 
Kori shivered, both from the weather, and fear that Laurence might refuse her proposal. Laurence jumped at the chance to wrap his cloak around her shoulders. She thanked him absently, still waiting for an answer.
“Let’s hear this plan of yours. I will do my utmost to spare the boy. Our target is Pollyanna.”
Chapter 25: No Good
Pollyanna and Eory waited outside the wall, waiting while Kori went in alone to see the king. Eory sat on the grassy, snowy earth a few inches away from where Pollyanna leaned against the wall, her arms crossed.
Eory shuddered, not daring to meet her gaze. His mind was dwelled on the moment she had grabbed him by the collar, holding him aloft. He was afraid that she might hurt him, but doubly afraid that she didn’t like him when that was one of the only things he had ever wished for.
More than that, what Kori had told him earlier was relentlessly repeating in his mind.
She was just as bad as your parents.
Even though the thought kept shooting through his mind like sharp pain through muscles, Eory couldn't let himself believe it. Pollyanna's image may not be matching up to the woman who Kori had told him stories about, but he was sure she must still be the same one.
Are you insane? She told you the truth and you're just going to ignore it? This woman is just as bad as us. The woman snickered at him. No. That’s the wrong word. She’s just as strong as us.
Nothing else existed while he had this internal battle with his thoughts. Woodenly, he petted Gershom, who was sitting in his lap. 
In a moment, however, he began sniffling.
I ruined everything. She hates me. Eory thought to himself. All because I wanted to be good... I can't blame her for hating me. I put her life on the line too, after all. This ball might get us both killed.
Pollyanna’s angry grimace soon relaxed into a sincere frown as she listened to Eory’s sniffling. A feeling she hadn’t felt in the longest time overwhelmed her. She couldn’t put her finger on it, she just knew she felt sorry for the poor young man who had experienced so little.
She sat down next to him, one leg pulled up to her chest, and the other stretched out in front of her. “Why are you crying?”
He looked to his left—away from her—so she couldn’t see his tears. “Because you hate me…”
“I don’t hate you, Eory. It’s just that it’s my job to protect you and you’re making that job very difficult…” Pollyanna explained calmly.
Eory chewed his arm furiously. “You hate me. You think I’m a sniveling coward.”
Pollyanna looked up at the gray sky, crossing her arms. “You are a coward, but that doesn’t mean I hate you-- or that I should have… threatened you the way I did. Why should it bother you even if I did hate you? I am your sword, and I must do as you say.”
Eory took a deep breath and he finally faced her. “You’re not just a sword. I respect you and appreciate everything you’ve done for my family… You’re my hero.”
Pollyanna laughed aloud. “Hero? Is that what the waif told you about me? Eory, I told you. There are only the weak and the strong, and those who devour both. I’m just as dirty as anybody else. I have killed and—”
Eory clapped his hands over his ears and sniffled. “I won’t hear it! You’re good and kind and protected my family out of the goodness of your heart! You protected innocents from monstrous dragons and prevented my family from killing far more people than they otherwise would have! When they were overworking peasants, you stepped in to stop the guard captains whipping them! When children were dying of hunger, you snuck food to them, when my father threatened to kill those who disobeyed him, you changed his mind!”
She’s no good just like us. No wonder you like her. The woman taunted him.
Pollyanna was shocked at his outburst. He has lived in a tower all his life, after all. She looked down at her feet, then glanced at her charge. She felt incredibly sorry about bullying him earlier, and she shuddered when she recognized how weak of an emotion “feeling sorry.” was. It brought to mind a memory of her own weakness--of she and her father.
She wept hideously and she let him take her into his arms.
“Stop sniveling like a damned woman!” Pollyanna suddenly yelled.
Eory met her gaze, holding Gershom closer. To his own surprise and hers, he calmly said, “You’re a woman…”
Pollyanna was taken aback by his retort. She was caught between wanting to slap him, and wanting to hug him. She was shocked by this intense need. Only women need to be coddled and taken into someone’s arms. He is certainly no woman.
Eory turned away from her again, weeping at the idea that she might not be the woman he wanted her to be.
She has to be. I know she is! She has just forgotten herself because... Because...
“Eory. I suggest we run away right now. If you go in there and get killed, I’m going to die, too. Can you live with that?” Pollyanna asked, appealing to his naïve nature.
Eory wiped his eyes and replied, “I can live with it. If I die, the world will be rid of one more evil person. If I live, then I will have proved myself good-hearted and deserving of a peaceful life. If you want to go, I will order you away, but I suppose it will do you no good since your life is tied to mine.”
Chapter 26: The Scars of Time
Eory and Pollyanna were seen to their quarters in the keep that night. The king had not received them, but Kori had come to get them earlier, and had graciously shown them to their rooms. She informed Eory and Pollyanna that Laurence believed her when she told him that Pollyanna was a friend who would also be attending the ball. Pollyanna and Eory were both relieved; nothing good could come of the king knowing that she was the Pollyanna of legend.
In her quarters, as she looked in the mirror,
Eory’s voice resounded in her head. Your life is tied to mine. 
Pollyanna had just taken a bath, and was now sitting naked in front of the mirror, trying to comb her hair--something she usually didn’t bother with.
The king’s servants didn’t know her measurements, but they had laid out a simple dress on her bed for her to wear to the ball tomorrow that was far, far too short for a woman as tall as she was.
Within her naked reflection, Pollyanna was greeted to the sight of a web of wrinkles, unsightly, sagging breasts, thick, unkempt, gray hair, and dozens of ugly scars. Invincible or no, scars were things that never healed. Pollyanna reflected on her life as she looked at her scars. 
She grinned fiercely at a scar on her arm that she had received from a dragon. The dragon had come looking for food in Maribel, and the Arrozan Royal Family called upon Pollyanna to go kill the dragon by herself. Pollyanna had dueled that dragon for almost a whole day, and was more exhausted and scuffed up than she had ever been in her life, but she still prevailed against the dragon. The Arrozans and humans--nobles and peasants alike--had cheered her name, given her presents, and wrote ballads of her magnificent battle with the dead dragon, Pharos. 
For once, she was the hero, and not the villain amongst the people of Maribel, who normally hated her for carrying out the Arrozan Royal Family’s orders of keeping the rabble in line.
Her eyes then drifted to a scar that crept over her right shoulder. She frowned deeply. That memory wasn’t her favorite.
Fjorn had a knife in his hand. He grabbed her hair, dragging her back into his arms as she tried to run away. His voice cut through her mind clear as day even as he dragged the knife up her back and to the front of her body.
“You picked this life.” He had said.
Pollyanna sullenly leaned her head on the desk that the mirror was placed on. She promised herself she wouldn’t cry. For a moment, she thought a miserable and disgusting thought; if this brat gets me killed tomorrow, will all these scars have been worth it? 
Long ago, Pollyanna had pledged to herself that she would never have any regrets about her decision--that she would never wallow in self pity if she could help it.
I can’t have doubts now. I just have to keep the brat safe. 
Pollyanna lived a hectic and exciting life, and she didn’t want it to come to an end at the behest of a foolish eighteen-year-old who knew nothing of the world--who would never understand that being kind in life would get him nowhere, and that strength was the only thing that people respected.
She wondered why young people were always so idealistic.
She remembered a time when she, herself, was that idealistic. She had always wanted to be a grand warrior, but it wasn't just that... When she was younger,
she also wanted to be a hero. Back then, she thought she could always kill for the right reasons, and being kind, just, and honorable was its own reward, but now she knew the truth.
There was no logic to being kind, there was no reason to be a hero, and the only thing she had ever gotten for trying to be just was heartache and ugly scars.
You’re my hero… Eory had said.
She had laughed at him, but deep down, the sentence had warmed her heart and brought up memories that she had buried.
She thought of his sweet face while he slept on her shoulder earlier in front of the fire, feeling her heart beat a little faster. 
His skin looked soft and scarless, his face bright and fresh, and his morals unrealistic and unbesmirched by the scars of time.
She fought conflicting feelings about him. He was a fool and a sniveling coward, but he was also bizarrely kind and good-hearted despite being an Arrozan.
Pollyanna loved the Arrozans because they lived by the simple laws of nature: That the strong devoured the weak. There was an honesty, ease, and simplicity to living that way that she clung to--that allowed her to live without dwelling on the past.
As the protector of the Arrozan Royal Family, Pollyanna only had to bow to their orders, how she carried out their orders was up to her. If she was called on to settle a dispute in a farming hamlet, she could choose whatever method she wished to do so, including threatening both parties. If she was called on to put down a rebellion, she could choose whether to be merciful or merciless. If she was asked to oversee the construction of a new building on the backs of peasants, she could choose how hard to drive them. She loved this freedom, it made her feel good about herself and powerful.
Being Eory’s protector made her feel guilty and out-of-sorts.
She decided she didn’t like the idea of protecting someone who would always be offended by her lack of morals. Living by a moral code was useless and complicated. Living by the Arrozan code was simple, empowering, and got her where she wanted to be in life.
“Do you want to live forever? Do you want power? Do you want to cast aside all that doubt that weighs heavily upon your fragile mind? Then the answer is simple. Just be mine. You will have everything you want.” Fjorn had suggested so long ago.
“I want power. I want to be yours.” Pollyanna had agreed without hesitation.
“Then your life will be woven with that of my family’s, and you will protect them for eternity. If my family line is ever extinguished, you will be, too, my darling.” Fjorn had forewarned her with a smile.
Pollyanna didn’t care--she wasn’t listening. She kissed him and let impulse drive her as she did from that moment on.
And then Pollyanna clenched her fists at the memory of her own failure. Eory’s family was beheaded, and she had failed the family who had given her a life and a name.
If there was one thing she despised, it was failure.
Chapter 27: Trust
While Pollyanna ran off ahead to her quarters--saying that she was dying for the bath that the servants had drawn for her--Kori accompanied Eory to his quarters. Before he entered the, she asked, “Eory, promise me… Promise me you’ll behave. Please.”
Eory looked down at her silently, Gershom panting in his arms. His mind was a foul cocktail of fear and anger.
“You don’t trust me to behave?” He asked with a little gulp.
Kori shook her head. “No, no. Of course I do. It’s just that I don’t trust Pollyanna. Eory, you must listen to me. I know I told you she was a hero before, but it was only because I wanted you to have somebody to look up to. I’m sorry I told you lies, but I need you to see her for who she is now and—”
“I understand.” Eory cut her off while petting Gershom’s head.
He was nearly on the verge of tears, but he hid it perfectly. Pollyanna was still his hero. He didn’t want to hear Kori besmirch her name, even if she was speaking the truth. He turned away from her, intending to enter his room, but Kori stopped him again.
“Eory…” She said quietly.
He looked at her over his shoulder, waiting for her to continue.
“Please tell me… Does Pollyanna have any weaknesses? Any at all?” Kori asked him desperately.
Eory froze. The warmth left his body. He spun around, staring at his caretaker in shock.
He swallowed a lump in his throat. He was lost in the pain of the moment--unable to think of a response.
But the woman brought him back to reality. I told you! This bitch doesn’t trust us at all!
Eory gave the waif an icy-cold stare and said menacingly, “So you don’t trust me at all? You think I’m keeping the secret to Pollyanna’s invincibility from you so I can use it against you and the king?”
Kori nervously clawed at her bright, orange hair. She took a step back from Eory--he had grimaced a grimace that genuinely terrified her--the darkest expression she had ever seen him make. In a moment, however, she remembered she was the closest thing she had to his mother, and that she should act like it. She stood up straight and tall. “I am not accusing you of anything, Eory, and I don’t appreciate your tone of voice! I just know that you… You seem to love this woman and I think that’s why you might be keeping her invincibility a secret—because you love her--not because I suspect you of using her against me and Laurence.”
There was silence between the two for a long moment. The only sound was Gershom whistling worriedly.
In a moment, tears sprung from Eory’s eyes and he sniffled. “You think I’m evil? Why don’t you trust me…?”
Kori couldn’t stand his crying, and, despite her fear of him just a moment before, she was overcome with the need to comfort him. She opened her arms and Eory let her hug him.
“I trust you. It’s her I don’t trust. Please Eory—why don’t you order her away?” Kori asked. “It would make things so much simpler. I promise you that the king has no bad intentions toward you. He only has them toward Pollyanna--if he sees through my lie that she is a friend, we will all be in trouble.”
Eory looked over her shoulder expressionlessly, murmuring, “it’s foolish to step into a room full of people who hate you with no protection.”
Kori hated it, but she knew he was right.
It was brief, but there was a look of mistrust on Eory’s face, and it shattered Kori’s frail and motherly heart.
Neither of them slept well that night.
Chapter 28: Dream
Eory climbed into the comfortable bed. A big smile spread on his face as he pulled the heavy blankets up to his chin and nestled his cheek against the pillow. He pulled them up to his chin and let out a happy sigh.
He had spent most of his life sleeping on an uncomfortable sofa, so he thought the bed was the coziest one in existence.
He felt safe for a few moments, nearly drifting off to sleep, but it only lasted seconds. The shadows on his wall in this new environment looked like they were clawing toward him when he accidentally opened an eye, and it kept him up. He had a need to ask Kori to look for monsters under the bed for monsters like she used to when he was little.
The room was so unfamiliar and dark.
He stared up at the high ceiling, sweat dripping down his forehead, coming in and out of something that he couldn’t tell was a dream or his overactive imagination.
It began with events he had experienced just earlier that day.
His senses had been dazzled and delighted; overstimulated and aroused as Kori led him through the Castle Town toward the keep.
The sun peeked out from the blanket of gray clouds as he stood in a crowd of busy peasants and nobles going about their business in the city. Eory hid behind Pollyanna, terrified and yet enthralled by so many new stimuli.
It was loud, it was new, and it was… frightening and wondrous. Many of the humans and fairies who looked at him hurried away, whispering his name in terror--Eory supposed some of them heard he was coming, and recognized who he must be. 
Despite how afraid he was of getting lost in the huge city, it also felt familiar, warm, and happy. Eory thought to himself, I’m home…
And within his wakeful dream, everything seemed all-the-more dazzling than it did in real life, which he thought was impossible.
The residents of Castle Maribel seemed to glow with a cheerful other-worldliness that Eory could never understand.
They were so outgoing. 
And then, all his surroundings shifted all-at-once from one of possible beauty, to impossible beauty.
Beneath his feet, the grass was so long and so green that he thought the fairy goddesses themselves must have grown it. The castle structures were blindingly white striking Eory’s sheltered and naïve eyes with their surreal loveliness. 
Everything seemed to fit together perfectly like an ornate tapestry, but there was a loose thread.
Eory himself.
He did not belong among this upstanding, happy, and glorious people. He was a monster, and he felt undeserving to walk among them.
He leaned against the stony wall, Gershom in his arms, watching a crowd of people pass him by. They didn’t even bother to jeer at him or look at him fearfully.
They ignored him altogether.
They ignored him until the crowd grew larger and larger, tramping everything underneath their careless feet, including Eory--and then he was wiped out of existence with the rest of his family.
His screams pierced the air as he was trampled. He threw an arm over his face to protect himself, but still no one spared him a passing glance.
Soon, the pain stopped and everything went silent all around him as he wept.
It felt like he was suspended there with his arm thrown over his face for an eternity--until a giggle cut through the silence.
He removed his arm from his eyes, coming face-to-face with Taylor, who was looming over him with her hands on her hips.
She grinned confidently, pursing her lips. “Ohhh! Poor baby! Afraid of being trampled by those who hate you? That’s good. You should be.”
Taylor stretched out a hand to him, and he took it, sitting up with a glare. Oddly enough, he wasn't terrified of her like he was in real life. He was merely angry. He mumbled darkly, “Why are you here…?”
She winked. “You need me!”
He looked her up and down in disgust. She was wearing a dress that was not appropriate for any dignified young lady. It was cut just above her knees and a garish pink in color.
“Kori says that a proper lady wears dresses that cover her whole body…” He scolded her. 
“Your precious Pollyanna doesn’t wear any dresses at all--she wears breeches and tunics--and you don’t care about that! You and your proper, boring, dress code and your proper, tepid manners! You know the truth, don’t you? The manners Kori taught you are for nothing. Arrozans are meant to be wild and unhinged, and her attempts to tame us were pitiful. If you liked proper manners, you wouldn’t want Pollyanna so badly!” Taylor clasped her hands behind her back, staring him down confidently.
Eory ignored her, looking around curiously and scratching his yellow head. They were standing in an entirely empty, white space. “Where are we…?”
Taylor grinned and seized his wrist. “Let’s explore!”
Chapter 29: Lost Girl
Eory let himself be led along by his female counterpart with a listless. light-headed feeling pervading his body. For a moment, he realized that he must have been dreaming, but forgot again in a moment.
“I want to show you something important!” Taylor exclaimed.
She dragged him along through white nothingness for what felt like an eternity. Their footsteps were loud and ominous, echoing endlessly throughout the empty space. Their movements seemed slow--the pair seemed to float as they went. 
The sound was pure and undefiled until Taylor's shrill voice cut into it. “Why is he always here!”
Eory looked around frantically. Green grass sprang into existence, followed by a wrinkled waif lying on his belly. Briefly, he looked their way--looking confused at the sight of Eory, but then mischievous at the sight of Taylor. He rose to his feet, beginning to come toward them. 
Eory cocked his head to the side. “Who is he…? I don’t know any waifs but Kori…”
“You know him—but only from your dreams and through me. You forget about him during the day because you’re a fool.” Taylor explained and then tried to drag her male counterpart away.
“Wait, I want to talk to him…” Eory said, trying to wrestle free from her grasp.
The waif was getting closer, but Taylor was having none of it. She dragged Eory away, and eventually, the image of the waif evaporated.
“He’s boring and annoying! I have something much better to show you!” Taylor exclaimed.
She skipped along cheerfully, Eory marveling at her confidence and openness, wanting it for himself. He felt so uncomfortable and uncertain in his own skin, he would love not to feel that way any longer.
Suddenly, Taylor stopped in her tracks and she whispered, “There he is…”
Eory caught up to her and stood to her side to get a view of what she was looking at.
Slowly, a clear image sprang to life in the white nothingness.
Eory was treated to his brother, Gershom, scooping out little holes in a patch of dirt he was kneeling in front of, carefully placing pink and blue seeds in them.
Soon enough, a very young Eory materialized next to his big brother.
Eory was humming cheerfully, digging alongside him. “Which will this one become?”
Gershom took a moment before replying, “I don’t know… It can be a male or female, it can be big or small… It can be anything at all.”
Eory giggled. “You rhymed on purpose!”
Gershom nodded, ruffling his little brother’s hair affectionately. “That I did!”
The young Eory had a red seed in hand and it made him frown deeply. He hung his head and sniffled. “This one’s different than the rest…”
Gershom looked at him intently for a moment. “You mustn’t mind mother and father; they only scold you about how sensitive you are and how much you cry because they want you to be strong.”
Eory looked forward blankly. “I don’t fit in… I want to be a girl. Mom and Dad wouldn’t care that I cry so much if I were a girl.”
Gershom stopped digging for a moment, looking at Eory with compassionate, but stern eyes. “Do you think mother weeps when she doesn’t get her way, Eory? Do you think she cries when the rabble whispers about her? No. She did not even shed a tear when the peasants attacked her in public, cutting off her hand. She is just as strong as any man and perhaps stronger. I have never seen her cry in my life.”
Eory looked into his brother’s eyes searchingly, and then his large ears drooped with uncertainty and sadness. “If there’s no difference between boys and girls, then why did she make me a boy?”
Gershom pulled him close with a smile. “There is a difference. Boys have a different kind of strength than girls, and vice versa--mother thought a boy’s type of strength would be more suited to you.”
There was something comforting about that, and the young Eory smiled—feeling at peace with himself.
The eighteen-year-old Eory watched in confusion as the memory faded back into whiteness. He turned to Taylor who was clenching her fists in a rage. She met his eyes in a moment, screaming, “Different types of strength, indeed! I’m far stronger than you! Just let me out, and then I can get us out of the situation you have roped us into!”
“I don’t understand… I don’t remember this… Why are you showing me this?” Eory asked as, for a reason he did not know, tears streamed down his cheeks.
“I—” Taylor began—her voice shrill and loud--but then suddenly silenced. For many moments, he watched her motion wildly in silent fury and then she tackled him—choking him about the neck.
He couldn’t breathe, the only sound was blood pumping in his ears. His eyes were forced shut, and when he opened them, he shot upright in his bed in Castle Maribel, panting. He gripped the blankets, pulling them up to his chin.
He could have sworn that, in the darkness, he could see Taylor’s ominous silhouette--just waiting in the darkness for her chance to take over.
Chapter 30: Good Mother
Kori went to her own quarters after she showed Eory and Pollyanna to theirs. 
Hers were located on the floor above Eory’s and Pollyanna’s--near Laurence’s. She climbed the stairs leading up to her room--hoisting her long skirts up in her tiny hands so she wouldn't trip on them.
It was silent this time of night, and the only sound being made were her echoing footsteps on the spiral staircase.
She panted the whole way up, still exhausted from her long journey, both physically and emotionally. Being drained of magic, and therefore spirit, her heart nearly beat out of her chest with exertion. She reminded herself again,
Tomorrow, I must find a butterfly.
Once she finished climbing the stairs, she arrived at a hall with a checkered black and white floor. At the end of the spacious hall was a circular arch, a blue curtain hanging from it. Through the curtains lay the quarters of the king and his closest friends, Kori included. 
Even for an adult, it was frightening passing through such a dark, shadowy place at night in silence. Kori could only imagine how scared Eory might be.
The waif continued on through the curtained archway and into circular hallway. There was an ornate door right--intricately emboldened by spirals of gold, white, and orange--in front of her--the king’s quarters--and five doors down was where her own room was located.
She trudged over to them, her muscles extremely sore, pushed to their limits and aching with every step.
Thankfully, however, she soon arrived at her door, placing her hand on the knob with a grateful sigh that she would soon be able to sleep. 
A voice from the darkness stayed her, however, making her jump.
“Kori, come with me.”
Kori searching the dark corridor for the speaker. 
Her eyes locked onto a silhouette standing in the shadow of a nearby pillar. It was only Laurence. “You should be in bed, Laurence.”
“My wife still prefers her own bed while she’s pregnant…” Laurence said coyly.
Kori’s grip tightened on the knob. She knew the right choice was to twist the door knob, lock the door behind her, and hop into bed, but…
She leaned her forehead against her door, desire overtaking every good sense she had. She just couldn’t say no to him.
“Would you like some company, then?”
She rolled on her side later that night, unable to sleep. Dozens of things seemed to weigh heavily on her conscience.
The king had asked her to find out whether Eory knew if Pollyanna had any weaknesses, and it tore her apart to do so. She didn't even know why she did it--she knew he wouldn’t hide anything from her. She should have known by now how good and sweet her boy was, but there would always be that niggling doubt about him at the back of her mind due to his family history. She also couldn't deny that she had seen him make almost monstrous, furious facial expressions at time. Not as monstrous as his face had been earlier, but dark nonetheless.
He’s such a sweet, innocent boy. He deserves so much better than to be unjustly accused. Kori thought to herself as she stared into the dark recesses of the lightless room. Her mind was cloaked in a mist of unwanted sadness and extreme paranoia, terrified about what might happen at the ball tomorrow.
Have I been a good mother to you, Eory? She had tried her best, but sometimes she doubted she had been. She often had to remind herself that she was not truly his parent at all--that she shouldn't have ever become so entangled in the well-being of a child who had such a high chance of becoming a criminal, but she couldn't help it. She wanted a child, and she had made him her child for her own selfish desires.
 It wasn’t that she didn’t think Eory wasn’t a great kid because of her bad parenting, it was that she thought he somehow turned out great despite it.
She rested in a sweet memory with him for a moment as she rolled on her side—away from the king.
Eory was about ten-years-old, and his golden hair that was nestled between his large fairy ears was getting long and unwieldy. “Look at this beautiful, shiny mane! In order to keep it beautiful, we should braid it!”
Eory was a lot happier and just a little surer of himself back then--even though he could be bratty at times. He grinned sitting on her lap on the sofa—eager to do anything that would please her because he adored her. Even then, he was getting too big to be able to sit on her due to her short height, but she let him anyway.
“I thought braids were for girls, though?” Eory questioned after a moment.
Kori shook her head and lied coolly. “Oh no, among fairies, braided hair is very popular among the males and females. It’s a signal of strength and longevity--it’s modeled after the fairy goddesses who once wrapped the fairy kingdom in their hair to protect it from intruders. You want to pay respects to the goddesses, don’t you? They will surely bless you with long life if you do.” Although this applied to the females of the fairy species, it did not apply to the males.
Eory nodded eagerly and replied, “You always want the best for me!”
Kori wrapped her arms around him for a moment, thanking the waif, Sherne, for finally sending her a child to love.
Eory groaned, “Kori! I’m not five-years-old anymore! I don’t want to be hugged!”
“No matter how old you get, you’ll always be my… My…” Kori couldn’t finish the sentence.
There was an awkward silence between the two. It was as if, even at the young age of ten, Eory knew she could never actually be his mother, either—and he didn’t like being reminded of mothers or families in general.
He nonetheless asked after a moment, “Yes, Kori?”
“You’ll always be my Eory, no matter how old you get!” Kori said with a gentle smile.
Eory was happy for her save, and he replied, “You’ll always be my Kori, too!”
And both their hearts bloomed with love and cheerfulness at their deepening, irrevocable bond.
In a moment, however, Kori was brought back to cold reality by the king’s loud breathing, thinking to herself, with a heavy heart, that she was not a good mother.
Good mothers don’t sleep around.. Good mothers don’t lock their children in a prison for twelve years.
And her sweet memory slipped through her fingers, being replaced by a twisted and ugly one—one where she was needlessly cruel to Eory. It was a time when she took her angry feelings out on him that were meant for Laurence—and it was not even the first or only time.
He was twelve-years-old, and when she visited him, his face lit up like it always did. His round cheeks pulling up in a grin, his otherworldly, rosy, fairy eyes glowing at the sight of her entrance. It was nearly enough to make her forget how angry she was, but not by enough.
Eory had accidentally forgotten to bow to her like she had required him to do since he was six-years-old.
Instead, he ran up to her, throwing her arms around him. He waved about the writing and mathematical assignments she had instructed him to do—wanting to show them to her.
Kori was narrowing her eyes, however, looking displeased.
Eory backed off at her cruel expression, gulping. He lowered the papers slowly, his ears drooping in fear and sadness.
“You forgot to bow.” Kori said with flat anger. “I have very few requirements of you, Eory, and that is one of them.”
“I’m sorry! I just wanted to show you—” Eory said with a shaky voice, but Kori cut him off.
“Such bad manners deserve a suitable punishment. I’m afraid I must cut my visit short.” Kori scowled, crossing her arms imposingly.
Eory was in tears. “But I just wanted to show you--!”
“I’ll be back when you remember your manners.” Kori replied before he could finish his sentence. She left his room, listening to him scream at an inhuman pitch for her attention. She didn’t regret her cruelty until hours later when she was sitting alone in her quarters at the castle. She had been curled up on her bed, weeping at her evil spitefulness--she wanted nothing more than to go back to Eory’s tower and hug and comfort him—to beg for his forgiveness, but was too prideful.
She could never forget Eory’s piercing screaming. It haunted her to this day. When she thought of the memory for too long, it still had the same effect on her.
She had sacrificed Eory's happiness for the sake of being angry at the king.
Earlier that same day, Laurence had asked for her in his quarters and, as usual, she could never say no. As always, she weakly hinted at the fact that he should just marry her if he liked her so much, but then he told her something that destroyed her.
“I’m getting married.” He had said.
She didn’t know what to say in return. Her heart was broken and; she felt cheap and used. She had shaken with sadness, and had no other shoulder to cry on but the king’s.
Kori was devastated, and she took it out on her precious and beautiful surrogate son—the only person who loved her thoroughly and unconditionally.
She lay sleeplessly at the king’s side, tears rolling down her wrinkled cheeks.
She remembered how warm she felt with Eory’s arms around her—how overwhelmed with love and affection. The way his face lit up when she entered his room was priceless. He was her only drop of sunshine in her lonely and cold world.
She continued staring at the shadows until her mind was wrapped in them.
Chapter 31: Searing Passion
With the night over, Eory, Kori, and Pollyanna all rose. The ball would begin when night fell--according to Kori--and they had hours to sweat out their nervous energy before the coming event.
Eory arose with the sun--deep circles under his eyes-- and saw that the clothes he had come in had been washed by the servants and laid out for him--along with the clothes Kori had brought for him to wear to the ball--at the foot of his bed.
With a stretch and a yawn, he began donning the green jerkin, red cloak, and brown breeches he had come in yesterday, and would save his ball clothes for later that night.
He pulled on his breeches and then held out the jerkin in front of him--intending to put it on--but was interrupted by the door being thrown open.
Pollyanna entered the room—wearing her same clothes from yesterday as well. She slammed the door shut behind her--not recognizing her own strength, which seemed to be a common trend with her.
At the sight of Eory’s naked torso she thought to herself, he looks like a damned toothpick. She noticed how red with embarrassment he was, but still had no concern for his modesty. “Hurry it up. I’ve got a long day of making sure you don’t get assassinated ahead of me.”
Eory said quietly to her, “Can you please give me a moment?”
“I can if you order me to, but I’d rather not leave you alone if I can help it.” Pollyanna said with her arms crossed. At his silence and his embarrassed face, she sighed. “How about I just turn away?”
Eory smiled sheepishly, nodding.
Pollyanna turned away, facing the blue wall of the spartan guest quarters, her hand on her empty sheath.
Giving up her weapons was the requirement of entering the castle. She could still feel the fury of having to leave her sword behind pulsing through her veins. It was like they had taken away her identity when the guards demanded she leave it.
“Okay, you can look now.” Eory told her in a moment.
She turned back around, seeing him sitting on the edge of the bed, his hands folded in his lap. He was hunched over and looking… Incredibly small and unsure of himself.
I don’t know what that waif was teaching him, but he behaves like a damned woman…
Pollyanna gazed at him with a conflicting feelings. The first was a kind of disgust that made her knit her brows. An Arrozan should be strong and hold their head high. They should not cower on the foot of a bed, hunching their shoulders and keeping their eyes down in shame.
The second emotion was something of a mystery to her and it made her eyebrows soften, as well as her expression. She was enticed by his shy and sweet nature; she had never met someone like that. She thought that if he were strong and confident, cynical and knowledgeable, he would lose that kindness and innocence.
An unwanted thought stuck in her head; it would be a crime for him to become like the rest of us…
She did something very unlike herself and she knelt in front of him. Her face pulled up into a smile as she straightened his shoulders and then, flicking his forehead with her thumb and pointer finger—making him jump. “Are you nervous about tonight?”
Eory looked into her striking, blue eyes. “Yes… I am. I—I’m really sorry for dragging you into this… I’m not sure I’m doing the right thing; I don’t want you to die with me…”
Pollyanna shook her head, feeling the need to be kind to him after her previous, cruel treatment of him. “I’m sorry, too. I shouldn’t have scared you the other day. I may not agree with your decisions, but I am sworn to protect you, regardless. It is not my place to object to them.”
She tilted his chin up gently--he gripped his blankets nervously in response. “Whatever happens, I promise I will never lay a hostile hand upon you again. A word of advice, however; an Arrozan never questions their own decisions—regardless of what their ugly, weathered old protector has to say.”
Pollyanna began to rise to her feet, but was frozen in place as Eory reached out a hand, placing it on her cheek with an intensity in his eyes that seemed to dear through her soul.
And she suddenly realized an obvious thing which she had managed to ignore before but could no longer.
He looked upon her with eyes that no man should look upon a woman her age with. They were adoring and passionate; provocative and longing. He didn’t just revere her like she thought he did--he was clearly in love with her.
And in her mind, her imagination took the moment further. She could envision herself letting go of the thing she craved most—power—and abandoning it for an impulsive moment with this young man she barely knew. 
But she let that fantasy go removing his hand quickly and turning her back to him, her heart pounding. 
She heard the fairy say in his quiet and self-conscious way, “I don’t think you’re ugly and weathered—and I respect your opinion… I don’t want you to stop voicing it. You can object to any decision I make; I actually care about what you think, unlike my family.”
How foolish she had been. It was always so easy to tell when someone wanted her the way he wanted her—and it was doubly easy to avoid people who did once she recognized their desires.
But this time was different. She didn’t realize he wanted her because he had not looked upon her with the eyes of someone who did until now--the same eyes his ancestor, Fjorn, had given her long ago.
“You don’t need to flatter me. I am a gray and weathered woman.” Pollyanna wouldn’t face him. She was afraid whatever face he had on would only confirm her suspicion that he had feelings for her.
Eory was silent for a moment, staring at the back of her head--at her long, thick, hair. He felt his heart beating so quickly that he felt short of breath. His hands were sweaty. The sentence he wanted to say repeated over and over in his head, but wouldn’t escape his lips.
Your hair is like liquid silver.
His mouth moved but every time he got close to saying it, his heart pounded all the harder until, finally, he clenched his fists, took a deep breath, and whispered…
“Your hair is like liquid silver…”
There was solid silence between them.
Pollyanna stared at the blue wall with pity in her heart. The waif’s stories made this poor creature fall in love with a woman who any sane eighteen-year-old would never find attractive. In a moment, she recovered her gruff nature and lost her pity towards him. She snorted and replied, “You couldn’t even get your hands through it.”
She heard him stand up, listening to his quiet footsteps as he approached her from behind. “Can I try…?”
His hand reached toward her hair; his fingers outstretched, trembling--but she turned around, smacking it away. She backed away from him, genuine terror slithering into her heart--terror that she had not felt for what seemed like hundreds of years.
Eory looked up at her longingly, embarrassment mixed with confusion at being rejected by her.
Pollyanna cleared her throat after a moment. “I’m hungry, aren’t you? Let’s see if that waif can get us some breakfast.”
Chapter 32: Butterfly
Before the sun came out, Kori left the king’s side, slipping on a silver night gown made of fine silk from her closet. She padded out of the room on silent feet, grabbing a candleholder from her own quarters before heading down the stairs and into the Castle Garden.
On the way outside, she had nodded and greeted many of the guards who stood watch at night within the castle, but declined their company and protection when they asked if she wanted it.
Once she was outside, Kori blew out the candle, wrapping the shawl she had grabbed from her room closer about her shoulders.
It was snowing, and the chilly air bit through her tiny ankles and wrists. She felt her teeth rattling in her head, and she bounced from foot-to-foot for warmth. Her toes were the greatest victim of the chilly weather, as they were shoeless and buried in the snowy, wet grass.
She let her shaw and deep, focused breathing warm her.
Eventually, her breathing and body temperature evened out. She set her handle down and looked up at the starry night sky with dreamy eyes.
Once she finished enjoying her beautiful surroundings, she set about restoring her magic.
She closed her eyes, concentrating intensely on summoning the Ghost World.
She breathed deeply, listening to the rhythmic sound of her breathing until it felt like all she was was merely a heartbeat and a breath.
When she accomplished this, she walked through the garden with her eyes still closed—as if she were sleep-walking or in a trance.
She stumbled through black nothingness with her arms outstretched, her mind dictated by base instincts. She stumbled like that for minutes, although she did not realize it. And before she knew it, was no longer in the same world. A different world bloomed to life within her closed eyes; a world that only waif mages could see.
It was an ethereal world filled with black shapes and electric blue, wavering outlines encasing those shapes. Snow still gently drifted down from the sky, but it was not white; it was a blue ball that pulsed with a blinding white light every few seconds.
And suddenly, her mind took her to a place that was not the Castle Garden. Instead, she was in one of the Dark Woods spread throughout the waif homeland, Trella—named as such because waifs were traditionally nocturnal creatures, and rarely saw the light of day. Waifs, being solitary creatures, made their homes in the mighty branches of the trees in Trella, and enjoyed the quietness and darkness of the shaggy forests.
The trees surrounding her had the same wavering outlines as everything else, as did a black puddle of water encircled by trees. Kori felt her mind disconnecting from her body further as she went to the puddle, only having a vague remembrance of what she was looking for.
Kori stood in front of the black puddle, entranced by the electric blue lines rippling about in the otherwise black shape.
And then, on all-fours, she let herself gaze into it.
She saw herself, only, it was a distorted, glassy image of herself that matched the strange world around her.
She looked at it intensely.
Eventually, there was a change within the pool. 
She gasped in terror, seeing the king behind her reflected in the water. He placed a hand on her lower back, and it was so petrifyingly cold that it chained Kori in place. His arm reached around to her stomach, pulling her into a sitting position onto his lap. “What are you doing, Kori? Have you chosen that sickly and corrupt boy over me? I thought I was your dream.”
Kori gulped, her mouth trembling. She attempted to say something—her mouth moved--but no words came out. Only whimpers escaped her lips.
Across the pool, she saw a shining, turquoise butterfly appear—her Sign--the thing she needed to regain her magic and her energy.
Because she was silenced, she tried to struggle free from Laurence’s grasp, but he easily restrained her by the hips. She dug up dirt trying to claw her way away from him.
Her cheeks were covered in tears for a moment, and still she could not speak.
She was stuck in his embrace. He whispered cruel things in her long, pointed ears. “I am the only one who has shown you kindness in an otherwise unkind and cruel world. You had no other friends when you left Trella, and that is still mostly true, isn't it? What will you do if you lose me?”
And then, within the reflection, she saw her own mother ripple to life, staring her down with emotionless and cruel eyes. Those eyes were not colored in black like the rest of her surroundings; they were a searing, violent red. 
“Such devious behavior must be reprimanded. I’m sorry, Kori. I must tell the Elder of your transgressions.”
Suddenly, Kori found her voice. “Mother, no! Please don’t make me go! What will I do? Where will I go?”
She looked down her nose at her daughter. “You should have thought of that before behaving so recklessly. It’s people like you whose behavior corrupts our entire society, defiling it and making it unpleasant.”
“I won’t listen!” Kori screamed, finding the primal strength to wrestle her way out of the king’s arms and jump into the pool--making the image of her mother distort and fade away.
She gurgled for a moment, and then pumped her arms and legs as hard as she could, speeding her way toward the butterfly.
She heard two splashes behind, making her pump her arms and legs all the faster.
Ahead of her, a hand materialized under the butterfly. It was a hand filled in with an ivory color. In a moment, the body attached to the hand materialized as well.
It was Eory—shining just as much as the butterfly was—and waiting for her on the other side.
Kori grinned, tears falling from her eyes.
She reached the other side of the pool, eagerly throwing her arms around him, but he disappeared before she could, and all that was left was the butterfly.
She sniffled. With a heavy heart, she grabbed the butterfly, crushing it in her hands.
 She snapped back to reality. Her surroundings were that of the castle garden again. She was still sobbing. She felt energy fill her body--relieving her exhaustion--but she also felt bottomless lonely--like she had lost something very important.
Chapter 33: Motivations
“I’m hungry.” Eory answered Pollyanna—eagerly wanting to leave the room, wishing to leave behind the the memories of his embarrassment the previous day.
Pollyanna felt much the same, nodding in agreement. Together, the two made their way to the door, and Pollyanna placed her hand on the knob. Before opening it, Pollyanna said, “Stay close to me, Eory. I don’t trust anyone to treat you respectfully in this castle.”
Eory nodded and felt extremely awkward and embarrassed about what had transpired between them just moments before. I hope she doesn’t know I like her now... Eory thought to himself, stepping outside of his room and into the hallway. He followed Pollyanna very closely as they turned left down the hall.
Are you stupid? Of course she knows you like her. I’m sure she’s laughing at your stupid attempts to romance her right now! Taylor mocked him.
Paranoia crept up on him as he passed many people walking down the hall. He had no Kori to cling to like he did on the way into the castle, and so he nervously hid behind Pollyanna, instead.
Pollyanna rolled her eyes, annoyed by his shyness, but then… she smiled. There was something charming about how pathetic he was... And something nice about the fact that he needed her more than any other member of his family ever did. 
The people who passed them by looked upon the pair with either distaste or fear. Some of the humans whispered amongst themselves about how much they hated fairies, and others ran in fear when they recognized Eory as the last of the Arrozan line.
Eory supposed the king must have alerted the castle that he had arrived, and he probably had no kind words about him.
Eory's face fell when he heard them talking about him, and Pollyanna noticed, feeling sorry for him.
As they went down the long hall, Pollyanna saw Kori approaching from the other end of the hall, “Ah, there she is. And look, Eory. She’s got your silly dog.”
Eory peeked out from behind Pollyanna, his face lighting up. “Gershom!”
Kori grinned, releasing the dog who she promised Eory would be well-taken care of during his stay; last night, the stable boy looked after him.
The dog bounded down the hallway, its tongue hanging out. Eory knelt, his arms spread wide—ready to embrace the dog.
Gershom threw himself into Eory’s arms, and Eory lifted him up, laughing joyously as the dog licked his face.
Pollyanna watched with intrigue at how much he loved the dog.
Arrozans are usually so cruel to their animals…
She recalled a memory about Eory’s older brother, Gershom, kicking the family dog when he was frustrated and the moment of the poor thing’s grisly demise by Gershom’s hands.
For the most part, Pollyanna adhered to and loved the Arrozan philosophy of devouring the weak, but hurting dogs and similar animals never sat right with her.
They’re guileless and love you no matter how much you hurt them. I suppose there’s a line between being cruel with a point and being cruel for the sake of it… Pollyanna thought to herself.
Pollyanna remembered thinking that Gershom had been an odd Arrozan to begin with, the same as Eory. The two had always seemed particularly weak and oddly animated and expressive for Arrozans, and so she was doubly surprised when the elder sibling had suddenly been so wicked to the family dog out of nowhere.
She preferred not to think of the moment of that dog’s death, and instead focused on Eory’s smile, which she wished didn’t make her stomach churn.
Pollyanna never liked that feeling, and was glad she had only rarely felt it within her absurdly long lifetime. 
Kori soon caught up to the pair, grinning at how happy Eory was with his dog.
Eory had been worrying about the dog all night. Kori said she would take care of him, but…
She’s not to be trusted and you know it. You were just an experiment to her… Her job is to redeem criminals. You were just an interesting challenge to her. Taylor whispered to him.
Kori watched the fairy’s smile fade into a fearful frown as she approached and it tore her up inside.
I’m losing him… The waif thought to herself miserably.
She thought of how his face used to light up when he saw her entering his room in the tower, in contrast with this look of complete fear and mistrust, nearly weeping.
“Waif, we’re hungry. Take us to the kitchen so I can watch the food being prepared. If I see an ounce of poison go into that food, I swear I’ll kill every cook in that kitchen as well as you.” Pollyanna threatened.
Kori scowled darkly at this horrid, ugly giantess who was trying to take her son away. In a moment, she turned around and said quietly, “Fine…”
The kitchen was huge, and Eory was amazed by it as he was by most things because he had seen so little. There were cooking utensils hanging from the hooks on the beige walls—ladles, spoons, knives—a large, wooden table in the center of the room, and an oven in the corner. It was spacious--large enough for ten cooks to move about easily.
Eory was especially intrigued by the oven. He had only read about them and always wanted to see how they worked. He grinned ear-to-ear, set Gershom down, and giddily ran up to the large, square chunk of masonry. He threw himself on all-fours, getting a good look at the circular hole at the bottom containing charcoal. Gershom also lowered itself onto his belly, peering inside alongside the fairy.
Pollyanna and Kori both smiled a little at how excited he was. Meanwhile, the only cook in the kitchen was horrified by the last Arrozan heir sticking his head in the oven. He gulped, forcing a smile and turning to Kori.
“Are you hungry, Redeemer? Shall I cook you something?” The cook asked.
Kori shook her head. “No, it’s only these two that are hungry. I already ate with the king and queen.”
The cook frowned as Eory began climbing into the oven hole. Pollyanna yelled for him to get out.
“What would they… Like to eat?” The cook asked fearfully.
Pollyanna turned around and yelled to the chef as she grabbed Eory by the ankles, pulling him out, “A fine slab of meat, please! And some vegetables to go along with it!”
The cook cleared his throat. “Can do, once you get the boy out of the oven.”
Pollyanna finished pulling him out, his face covered in black splotches from the oven. “I got him!”
Eory swept his disheveled hair back, climbed to his feet, and excitedly ran up to the cook. He began shouting, “Can I--!”
He realized how rude and loud he was being, and then he cleared his throat, corrected his poor posture, and said in a quiet voice, “Can I please watch you cook?”
The cook raised a wary eyebrow, but then realized Pollyanna was glaring at him threateningly. The cook nodded. “Of course you can, young man. Pull up a chair.”
Eory watched eagerly as the cook went about chopping vegetables and prepping
meat. At first, the cook continued to be very wary of the Arrozan. He expected the fairy to snap and unleash terror upon him at any moment like any of his ancestors undoubtedly would, but eventually, the cook warmed up to the fairy’s childlike curiosity and naïve personality, and he began thoroughly enjoying explaining every little thing he did to the fairy. Kori sat next to Eory and the waif began trying to regain his trust. Anything the cook was too busy to explain, Kori did, and she remembered all over again how much she adored her surrogate son.
Pollyanna stood in the corner of the room—leaning against the wall—with her arms crossed. She protectively watched the trio having fun and laughing. She was on the lookout for anything troublesome or out-of-place within the room, ready to intervene at a moment’s notice
A half-hour passed and Kori noticed the old warrior maiden dutifully watching over them. She stood up and joined her in the corner.
“Even though you are pretending to be my friend to cloak your identity, your very presence will endanger Eory. You can’t hide how distinct you look, Eory would have no trouble tonight if it weren’t for you. The king would easily see how sweet he is and let him free.” Kori said angrily.
Pollyanna glowered. “If it weren’t for me, he would most definitely be assassinated tonight. At least with me here, he stands a chance. Waif, why don’t you help me convince him to leave? Don’t you care for him at all?”
Kori looked genuinely wounded and lost for a moment, and then she returned with fire, “Nobody loves him more than me! He is the one who wishes to prove he is good-hearted! I need no proof! None at all! He could leave with you if he wanted and I would not stop him…”
Kori’s eyes became glassy. She looked down, biting her lip.
“You pretend to be so sure of everything, but in reality, you are sure of nothing, aren’t you? You may be able to hide it from Eory because he is foolish, but you can’t hide it from me. You don’t know whether Eory is entirely good and sweet—whatever that means to you—and you don’t know whether the king will hold true to his word even if Eory can, indeed, behave well throughout the night, do you?” Pollyanna did not say it mockingly—she said it without an ounce of poison, and Kori could not deny that her words were accurate.
Pollyanna gazed over at Eory and said, “It’s so troublesome, isn’t it? Wanting to have faith in everyone? The only way to live happily in this world is to live the bluntly. That’s why the strong will always devour people like you. While you’re busy depending and waiting on people being predictable and decent, people like me will have already stabbed you in the back.”
Kori wanted to find a suitable retort, and when she couldn’t, she couldn’t deny that there was some truth to Pollyanna’s words.
Chapter 34: The Only One Worth Pleasing
Eory couldn’t stop smiling during breakfast. He ate in the public dining room, which was empty but for Eory, Kori, and Pollyanna, as everyone else had already eaten. The three ate at the table in the middle of the room, nestled between two others.
“That was so amazing! I loved seeing him light the coals and use the stove! He was so efficient at cutting the vegetables, too!” Eory exclaimed, eating with his mouth full.
Kori leaned her cheek on her hand, smiling a relaxed smile. She hadn’t seen Eory so excited and happy for many years. “I’m glad you had so much fun, but remember your manners for later tonight, Eory. Would you like to practice more before the ball?”
Eory nodded eagerly, and then continued going over every little thing he liked about the kitchen and the cook. “He was so nice to me! I didn’t think anyone would like me, but he did! And all the… The cooking utensils were so interesting, too! I liked the cleaver!”
Pollyanna was eating her own breakfast quietly, rolling her eyes as she listened to the dull conversation, but once again, she couldn’t help but wish she could be so excited about something as mundane as cooking.
She noticed the waif eagerly trying to keep Eory’s trust and, more specifically, his love. Pollyanna couldn’t help but feel bad for her. Arrozans have little love for anyone outside their family—especially if they are a different species.
__
Kori made good on her promise to practice proper manners with Eory after they ate. Pollyanna followed the pair outside the castle and out into the castle city, guarding them closely as Kori instructed the fairy how to bow, greet, dance, and start conversations.
Kori was surprised at how much difficulty he was having. There were many strangers—fairies and humans alike—passing by them in the city who were throwing Eory off. They were giving him glares and glances of terror, whispering about him as they passed.
“Come on, Eory. There are going to be many more people like this at the ball. You need to make sure you can get through it effortlessly. I believe in you.” Kori reassured him with a smile.
The whispering of the people milling about seemed closer than it actually was, slithering its way into his ears and plugging them until it was all he could hear.
Look at that monster; I don’t know whether I should even risk the ball tonight. What is the king thinking by letting him inside the castle?
His eyes are wicked! His father looked at me with those same eyes when he ordered my husband’s death!
Surely he’s got some plan to kill us all.
Eory’s mouth wobbled, momentarily locked in a cage of what other people might be thinking of him.
“Eory!” Kori said loudly.
Just be who they want you to be. You’ll be happier. The woman said in his head. There’s no way you can resist this legacy.
“Eory! Please pay attention!” Kori rose her voice.
Eory snapped out of it and he stared ahead blankly before answering, “I’m sorry… May I take a break?”
Kori sighed. Gershom leaned against the fairy’s leg, whimpering in empathy at his owner’s sadness.
Kori reluctantly nodded. He needs to be able to do this flawlessly. He needs to practice.
Eory sat down on the cold, stony floor, Gershom crawling onto his lap to keep him company. He petted the dog silently,
ashamed and embarrassed at how poorly he was doing at tasks he had practiced his whole life.
Kori sat down next to him, and he couldn’t help but think that perhaps she was part of the reason he was doing so poorly.
She thinks I’m evil like all of them do… Eory thought to himself miserably. Why else would she suspect that I’m keeping the secret to Pollyanna’s invulnerability from her?
Taylor snickered. You
are keeping it from her. Clearly there is no trust nor love between you. She surely does have you pegged. She knows exactly who you are and she knows she can’t save you. That’s why she’s going to let the king kill us tonight.
“No!” Eory yelled aloud, panting heavily.
Kori looked at him in surprise. “Is there something wrong?”
Eory shook his head swiftly. “I’m fine--just a little frustrated about my performance.”
He’s still hiding something from me… Kori thought to herself with a heavy frown. Are you planning to hurt us tonight…? No. You are good and sweet. The fault is with me. I should trust you over the king.
Kori held hand. “Don’t overthink it; just relax. It shouldn’t be hard to prove something about yourself that is already true. I know you are good and kind, you just have to show them, too.”
Eory nodded in response, but a sullen frown remained on his face.
Pollyanna rolled her eyes for what felt like the tenth time that day at the pair. They both know and understand so little…
Suddenly, a messenger boy approached the trio and said to Kori, “The king would like to have a word with you, Redeemer. Come quickly.”
Kori sighed. “Very well. I’ll be right back, okay Eory? You stay here with… my friend.” Kori said, throwing a glare at Pollyanna.
Eory nodded, but she wouldn’t go. But I need you…
Pollyanna watched the waif recede into the distance and then gave Eory her own piece of advice.
“She thinks you need to earn the respect of the rabble, but the truth is, you have nothing to prove to them. The only person worthy of pleasing is yourself. Remember that tonight.” Pollyanna suggested.
Eory met her eyes, her words comforted him greatly.
She’s right. Why should I have to prove anything to people who have already made up their minds about me? I need to prove it to myself, not them. He thought to himself confidently.
Chapter 35: Senses and Memories
As King Laurence waited for Kori to join him in his quarters, he leaned his cheek against his wall listlessly.
He was lost deep in thought.
Laurence was fathomlessly worried about the upcoming ball, and he prayed that Pollyanna would not bring about the end of his peaceful reign. The woman was an unholy terror, and he knew she would have no trouble killing everyone at the ball if she so wished. He had many plans in mind to try and detain the woman, and had finally decided on the only one that seemed viable.
He cursed the fact that he did not know the secrets to her immortality--knew of no chinks in her armor. Laurence didn’t know what to do, and so he wanted Kori’s counsel as he usually did when he was out of options.
Laurence walked over to the mirror on the desk, gazing at his reflection for a moment.
He was displeased at seeing fine wrinkles disgracing his otherwise fine and smooth skin and grimaced at seeing his black hair, plagued with many white strands. Soon, he was looking at himself in his earthy, brown eyes, the only things on his face that didn’t seem to be aging.
He nearly wept at them after a moment.
They look so damned much like Shirley’s… He thought to himself with unshed tears.
Whenever he was lonely, whenever he pined for Shirley’s company, he would ask Kori to bring her to life again. Kori had a magical power that few other waifs did; she could let Laurence--or whoever she pleased--relive memories as if they were happening to the person in the present. Kori had no choice over which memories he relived through her magic—it seemed to be random--but he didn’t care.
Even if it were the memory of Shirley getting killed, he didn’t care. He just wanted to see her again.
He turned from the mirror, facing his room with a heavy frown.
His eyes swept over its grand wealth. The blue, fur-trimmed carpet, the tapestries hung on the wall along with the expensive portraits of himself and his wife, and an elaborately embroidered quilt atop the covers on his bed. None of it made him happy. His eyes lingered there on the bed for a moment, guiltily and giddily thinking of Kori. He looked away in shame after a moment, back at the mirror. Something caught his eye—a movement in the reflection.
Laurence breathed in sharply, panting in fear when, in the reflection, a woman seemed to form out of nowhere.
Her features matched that of Shirley’s, but she was not the beautiful, blond-haired, brown-eyed girl he knew in life.
She was eyeless, armless--her neck was mostly severed as it was in death.
He glanced away from the window with a gasp--although he still saw the ghost in his peripheral vision.
“I must be seeing things… I must stop thinking of her.”
But he couldn’t. His mind was trapped in memories, and he got lost in them--reliving them--even without Kori’s help.
He and Shirley lived in a hamlet just three days from Castle Maribel. The people there were overworked and overtaxed by the Arrozans and often had the scars from whips to prove it.
Laurence remembered vividly how many of the children in Brambel were so skinny that he could see their ribs due to being overtaxed. He remembered having to take extensive time off from his job as a cook to assist in erecting a statue of the Arrozan king, which he was not paid for. 
He could not say the king’s name without spitting it in a snarl of hateful rage.
“Herin.” Laurence said to himself out loud with his mouth twisting into a snarl.
Laurence remembered the statues of the human god, Renthas, being torn down and replaced by statues of the foreign, fairy goddesses; he remembered the Arrozans stamping out and extinguishing both the pride and identity of the humans, whose kingdom they had stolen.
He remembered his sister Shirley—finally fed up with toiling all day at making the fifty-foot tall statue of the Arrozan king until her hands were red and raw—turn on the fairy slave master overseeing her work.
Their youngest sibling—a boy of just twelve-years who Laurence couldn’t think about without turning into a sobbing mess—had fallen over from starvation, needing food and an apothecary. The slave master had cruelly shoved the boy to his feet, demanding he keep working. Shirley snapped launching herself at the man and hitting him in the head with a rock until he died.
Pollyanna saw the whole scene as she, too, was there to oversee their progress on the statue. She grabbed Shirley’s arm, dragging her off—promising to punish her and make her regret her actions.
When she returned, she had no eyes. She only had bloody splotches where her eyes had been.
That was when Laurence decided that, no matter what, he would overthrow the king. Even if it cost him his own life and whole family he would—because he wished to see no more families suffer the way his did.
The problem was Pollyanna.
There had been so many slave revolts made up of hundreds of humans during the two-hundred-year fairy reign, and yet she had put them all down effortlessly and seemingly without a scratch on her. She was unstoppable.
Long ago, there was a theory that Pollyanna's life was inextricably woven in with the Arrozan who had stolen the human throne in the first place, Fjorn, but that theory was put to rest when the king died of old age and Pollyanna lived. 
There was a knock at the door.
“Laurence? Did you want to see me?” Kori’s voice rang from beyond the door.
Eory was glad when Kori told him that he was allowed to take Gershom with him to the ball. The dog seemed to have a calming effect on him, and Eory would need that desperately at the ball.
"Laurence said it was fine to bring him." She had told him.
"That's... So kind of him." Eory had replied in shock. 
Eory, Pollyanna, and Kori all bathed and dressed for the ball, meeting each other in front of the big, ornate double-doors to where the ball was being held.
Kori wore a floor-length, three-layered pink dress that poofed out from her waste. She wore a pair of black gloves that smartly complimented the look.
Pollyanna’s dress, being picked out at the last moment from the servants in the castle, was a dress meant for a five-foot-tall woman and not a seven-foot-tall woman; it was also a dress that was only fit for a peasant girl. It had a plain brown bodice and was otherwise an unremarkable white dress underneath the bodice. At Kori’s request, they also provided Pollyanna with a robe that would cover her hair and cloak her identity.
The servants had attempted to tame her wild, gray hair and had, against all odds, managed to make it smooth and shiny. They had fashioned it into a tight bun on the top of her head and smoothed out some of her wrinkles with the use of makeup.
Eory wore the expensive, golden headdress that Kori had given him along with a short, blue capelet embroidered with yellow circles at the bottom. To compliment this, he wore a burgundy, open-necked shirt with laces at the neck and ruffles at the end of his sleeves. To match the suns embroidered on his capelet, there were suns embroidered on the bottom of the shirt to match. He wore simple black breeches and long boots to, as Kori put it, “Keep the outfit simple.”
The black night outside had swept away the red dusk light as the trio entered the ballroom. Eory took a deep breath before nodding to Pollyanna to open the door.
The fairy’s senses were aroused by what he experienced within.
His eyes were enthralled by the brightly colored, beautiful outfits worn by fairies and humans alike as they danced. A woman spun away from her dancing partner—her ballgown dress twisting and then untwisting like a flower blooming and subsequently wilting.
Eory’s ears were enraptured by the sweet sound of a violin through the air, accompanied by the flute and piano, creating a euphoric symphony of sound.
His nose took in the smell of good food being offered on platters by the servants; chocolates, cheese, and little slices of meat, attractively arranged and presented.
He smiled gaily,absorbing the sight of the many lords and ladies on the brightly lit, warm-colored room dancing on the reflective-tile floor.
In a moment, with Gershom in his arms, he joined them.
Chapter 36: Grounded
A lord and a lady who were dancing stopped doing so when Eory approached them, Gershom panting at his side. Eory bowed lowly to them—getting down on one knee—and said, “My name is Eory Arroza. It’s good to meet you.”
The lord and lady looked severely mistrustful, but nonetheless did a slight bow to him and then introduced themselves. “I am Lord Terrance, and this is my wife, Lady Paulette. I am the lord of the dukedom, Ghail to the east. It’s good to meet you as well. You may rise.”
Eory rose to his feet, trying to think of something polite to say.
He was trembling with nervousness--his throat dry--and wanted to hide behind Kori and Pollyanna, but he pushed himself to be polite and socialize. “What’s Ghail like? Is the weather as fair as it is here?”
Terrance laughed aloud. “Of course it is! It’s only three days away, after all.”
At Eory’s embarrassed face, Lady Paulette smiled gently—charmed by his naivety. “You couldn’t have known seeing as how your upbringing was… Quite different from most individuals. You know, me and my husband know many fairies, and many of them are kind, but there is much friction between the fairies and humans—and understandably so.”
Eory frowned deeply, going silent for a moment at the woman’s words that were meant to subtly tell him that fairies like him and humans like her didn’t get along.
The only person worth pleasing is yourself. Pollyanna’s voice echoed in his mind.
I’m not a monster by virtue of my parents. Eory reassured himself.
And it was as if his whole body relaxed when said it; it was as if, that, once he gave himself permission to think it, he could convince these people to think it, too.
“I’m sincerely sorry for my ancestors’ actions. Maribel is your kingdom… there shouldn’t be fairies here in the first place.”
Lady Paulette and her husband were shocked by his pleasant manners and his admission of guilt, they glanced at each other and then back at Eory with kind smiles. “It… It wasn’t your doing. You’re not responsible for your family’s actions. Although, I must ask you if you know of any way to get on a fairy’s good side so we can strengthen the bond between humans and fairies? There’s such long, bad blood between us.”
Eory shrugged with a sincere smile. “I’m sorry… I barely know anything of fairies. I was essentially raised by Ko—by the Redeemer—and she didn’t teach me much of the culture. She did teach me of the fairy goddesses, but that was it.”
“Ah well. Nonetheless, it was good talking—” Terrance began to say, but then stopped and looked up in white fear as Pollyanna approached, standing behind Eory protectively. Even not knowing her identity, she was terrifying.
Paulette hurriedly finished her husband’s sentence. “It was good to meet you.”
The two hurriedly backed away from Pollyanna and joined the other lords and ladies again.
Eory turned around, locking eyes with Pollyanna. He looked down and felt abject misery claim him—his confident thoughts were being quickly devoured by far more effective, cruel ones. He thought he had scared the pair away, and he didn’t even know why--didn’t realize that it was Pollyanna who had scared them away.
Why shouldn’t he have been the one to scare them away, after all? He was the last in a vile and evil line of fairies who had invaded their kingdom that and tried to destroy their culture along with thinning out their numbers greatly. 
A thought entered his mind that brought about visceral sadness that it made his head pound.
I hate myself. I’ve always hated myself. My family is horrible—I’m horrible-- they’ve done unspeakable deeds. How can I ever expect them to accept me?
Kori would often tell him of something unspeakable that his great-grand father--Roland-- did. There was a human peasant who his grandfather had made an example of--a man who had stood up to him during his reign—a man with a wife and five children.
“The man—Wendell--would come before your great-grand father and beg him to lower his taxes because his children were starving. Eventually, he lost his youngest child who starved to death, and then, when next poor Wendell held an audience with the king, attempting to assassinate the king who loomed over him on his expensive throne. Wendell was a mage of little power—as human mages often are—and he tried to strike the king with a fireball which your grandfather waved away easily with his own, vile magic. Do you know what he did next?” Kori had asked him with her arms crossed uncomfortably, shuddering from what she was about to say.
Eory had shaken his head with bated breath as he often did when Kori would tell him of his ancestors’ deeds.
“He beheaded the man and his whole family and…” Kori had screwed her eyes shut, taking a deep breath and looking off into the distance as if she were witnessing the crime happening before her eyes. “And he put their heads on pikes and displayed them on the battlements of the castle as a warning to those who would dare defy him. The event is well record in the history books.”
Eory cried at the memory. He cried so often—it was another reason why he couldn’t stand himself—but tears streamed down his cheeks now, unbidden, as he thought he would end up just like his great-grandfather, and there was nothing he could do to stop it.
But Kori would often tell him stories where the warrior maiden would actively undermine and go against the wishes of his wicked ancestors as well.
She would tell him stories about cities which were overrun by the king’s soldiers who were abusing humans and fairies alike at the smallest transgressions—including speaking ill of the Arrozan family in any way. Pollyanna would be stationed at some of these cities from time-to-time in Kori’s stories, and she told Eory about how Pollyanna defended a peasant who spat the king’s name and cursed his family from an onslaught of the king’s soldiers. She disarmed them after she defeated them in battle, making them promise never to tell the king that she had stood with peasants who had insulted him.
Eory thought he could be like that, too.
Just because I’m close to my family, doesn’t mean I have to be them. I want to be like Pollyanna!
But then a realization dawned on him. Paulette and Terrance weren’t scared of him--they were scared of Pollyanna, even though they didn’t even know who she was. Seeing how frightened people were of her—seeing them run away just at her approach--it was beginning to truly sink in that she may not be who he wanted and needed her to be. Why else would people shrink away from her--even not knowing her identity--other than the fact that she was just as vile as his ancestors were? 
Eory sniffled. And if she’s no good after all, there’s no hope for me, either.
Pollyanna--with her hands on her hips and a sour expression on her face--tapped her foot on the shiny tile floor, wondering at his tears. She crouched down, looking him in the eyes. “Why the tears? You seem to have been impressing those people. Remember what I told you? The only person worth pleasing is yourself.”
She helped him focus. She alleviated the pounding sadness in his head and the disorientation he felt from the racing of his heart. He was grounded again after a moment, looking into her clear, blue eyes. He took a deep breath, and his senses came back into focus.
“You’re right, I am the only one worth pleasing. And you know what would please me? If you were just as polite as I am trying to be. We both have to impress these people. I order you to.” Eory said with a grin as he wiped his eyes.
Pollyanna glowered, but then shrugged with a smile of her own. She was impressed by his determination. “As you wish. I will try.”
The conflicting emotions continued to fester in his mind, but at the moment, he felt confident and unstoppable again despite Taylor cackling at his efforts.
Chapter 37: Far Apart
Kori greeted many of the familiar faces she knew at the ball, dancing with many men when it was time to switch partners. From the corner of her eye, she watched Eory. He was behaving very well, it seemed, and getting along fairly well with the nobles.
She saw that some of the more accepting nobles would engage him for long stretches of time, but that others of them had no wish to talk to him at all, cutting their conversation with him short.
Regardless, Eory’s etiquette was nearly impeccable. He knew how to greet the nobles, he knew
the proper form when bowing, he knew how maintain proper posture--shoulders back-- and what topics to keep to during their conversations, from what she could pick up.
She was very proud of him.
At his insistence, and to her dismay, he told her earlier that he didn’t want her looming over his shoulder during the ball--that he wanted to prove to her that he didn’t need her constantly correcting his behavior to perform well. So far, he seemed to be succeeding very handily without her, which made her incredibly happy, and at the same time…
Immeasurably sad.
She was beginning to think he didn’t need her anymore. And if he didn’t need her anymore, he would leave her alone and probably go live somewhere far away if everything went smoothly. How could he ever view her as anything but his captor and warden once he was set free, after all?
Being four-feet-tall, the human man who was dancing with her had to crouch a little to have proper form while they danced. As he led her about the dance floor in a melodic waltz, the man had been trying to make pleasant conversation, but she had only been pretending to listen and giving the most minimal answers to anything he said.
Her eyes kept wandering over to Eory--her mind remained cloaked in shadows from the previous night in which she had stared into them so deeply in the king’s bedroom.
She looked over her shoulder after her dance partner had spun her around, and her eyes still remained glued to Eory.
The fairy was talking to a member of his own race—the lord of a city called Ardina—and he lifted up Gershom when the other fairy asked to pet him. Kori smiled bitterly, her mouth wobbling.
I’ll miss him when he’s gone…
Suddenly, her partner stopped dancing. At the far end of the room, the king rose from his throne. His pregnant wife stayed seated on her own throne next to the king’s, as did their six-year-old on the other side of the king.
The whole room went silent, politely waiting for the king to make an announcement.
“Good evening everyone. It is my pleasure to greet Eory Arroza, son of…” Laurence had to take a moment so he would say the detestable king’s name instead of spitting it. “Son of Herin Arroza. Let us welcome him.”
Everyone in the room looked at Eory, and Kori watched him freeze in fear from all the eyes upon him.
His eyes scanned the room until they locked with the waif’s.
She mouthed to him, it’s okay. You have nothing to be ashamed of.
After a long moment, Eory straightened his posture, bowed, and said confidently, “It’s good to meet you all. I am honored to be with you tonight.”
The king was frowning deeply, lost in thought. He cleared his throat in a moment and said, “I would like everyone at this ball to try to be welcoming to Eory as he is being more than generous to us. As I have informed you all, this ball is a kind of test to measure whether he is fit for society. Eory, if I find your performance tonight to be unsatisfactory, will you accept going back into your prison?”
Eory met the king’s gaze. Kori watched him visibly gulp, losing a little confidence. In a moment, however, he nodded fearlessly. “I will. Whatever punishment you find suitable is fine.”
There was a long moment of silence in the room, and Kori had a sinking feeling in her stomach that something would go wrong.
“I can see you are an honorable and respectable young man. Everyone, you may return to merrymaking.” The king sat back down then, but his eyes found the waif’s and he beckoned her over with silent eyes.
Kori had no idea what he wanted to say to her, but she nodded, hiking up her skirts and walking over to the king.
She felt guilty at seeing his beautiful, blond-haired, angelic-looking wife, and tried to just focus on the king.
“What is it, Laurence?” Kori asked.
“I would like you to sit with us during the ball. You’re basically apart of the family, after all. I’ll have a servant bring in another seat for you.” Laurence said.
The king’s wife, Harriet, nodded and said in her sweet, low voice, “Yes, Kori. Our family owes you very much for helping to overthrow King Herin. Please come sit with us.”
Kori looked at Laurence askance.
Does he plan for things to get ugly? Is that why he wants me so close to him and so far away from Eory?
Kori looked back at Eory who was smiling and talking to Pollyanna, feeling the pressure of this choice weighing heavily upon her. She looked down at her feet and forced a smile. “Alright, I’ll sit next to you.”
Chapter 38: Pulse
Pollyanna was alert, looking for any signs of danger since she had arrived at the ball while she and Eory conversed with the nobles. Most of which seemed to hate them, but some of which were surprisingly kind and open-minded.
Pollyanna didn’t care how kind they were. Her only objective was to leave the ball safely. First thing when she had entered the room, she had seen the balcony looming above them. She strongly suspected that if the king had laid a trap for them, it would probably be through the use of archers set up and out of view on the balcony. She debated telling Eory her suspicions, but he would probably wave them away anyway.
She would just have to wait to see what the king’s next move would be, which annoyed her and worried her greatly. She thought about sneaking off and checking the balcony, but that would only arouse the king’s suspicions--it might give away her disguise. She would have to bide her time and stay alert, which was unpleasant. Especially since, in the meantime, she was forced to go about the large ballroom, trying to make pleasantries with people she couldn’t stand about things she couldn’t care less about.
I wish I didn’t have to follow his orders… It was the first time she had thought that in a long time, and she felt extremely guilty about even daring to think it. 
His ancestors would have punished her for thinking thoughts like those.
She supposed she couldn’t help it, though. After all, Eory had very different value from his ancestors--values she didn’t agree with.
She hated all nobles who weren’t Arrozans; she always had. They pretended like they were better than everyone else—like they cared about the fate of peasants and every-day folks—but they didn’t really give a damn.
King Laurence probably paid for this ball on the taxpayers’ dime. Pollyanna thought to herself.
Eory approached a human couple. Some lord and lady of a far-off duchy who had probably come to see the king on political business, but stayed for the ball.
They turned their noses up at both Pollyanna and Eory, but Eory still insisted on being polite to them.
“Hello, it’s nice to meet you.” He bowed before the pair—lowering himself to one knee. Pollyanna crossed her arms and refused to lower herself.
The couple expected Pollyanna to curtsy, but she wouldn’t give them the satisfaction.
That is, until she felt the familiar pressure squeezing her heart—informing her that she was disobeying Eory’s order to be polite during the ball, and would die if she continued to disobey it.
She gritted her teeth furiously.
She curtsied until she was as low to the ground as Eory was, glaring up at the nobles who were smirking at her. The pinching in her heart started all over again, encouraging her to smile.
For the time being, her actions succeeded in quelling the magic of the potion that coursed through her veins, and her heart was released from the painful pinching. Eory climbed to his feet soon after, having a brief, blasé conversation with the nobles in which they made it clear they hated both him and Pollyanna.
“Despite your wretched ancestry and your backwards upbringing, you are behaving quite admirably!” The couple snickered.
Eory smiled insipidly and replied, “Thank you! I think that the dress you’re wearing is the prettiest one I’ve ever seen, and that doublet your husband is wearing is very handsome!”
The lady hid a mocking smile behind her mouth and said, “Yes, you and your lady friend are certainly dressed… Interestingly. You did inform your friend that this is a ball, correct?”
Pollyanna bristled, nearly losing it. She stepped toward the woman in a threateningly, the woman gasping in fear.
Pollyanna felt a sharp pain in her heart, causing her to pull back immediately. Eory looked at her with a judgmental, shocked face as the couple backed away from her and went back to dancing.
Pollyanna felt a twinge of shame and guilt at his expression, turning her back on him with heavy breathing, trying to control her anger as she walked further away from him.
I hate women like that. I hate them. She thought to herself.
Eory followed her, grabbing her wrist. “Wait! Pollyanna—we were making friends, why did you--?”
She spun around, only just managing to say in an even voice, “We were not making friends. We were being jeered at--being made a spectacle of! Grow up, Eory. Can’t you tell when people are insulting you and making a mockery of what you consider to be kindness?”
Eory frowned deeply, realizing the one thing he never wanted her to say to him was ‘grow up’. It was as if she was confirming that he was too foolish and too young for her; it confirmed that she was looking for qualities that she thought he didn’t possess.
But he didn’t let it get to him.
Show her you’re an adult. Show her you can play at her level. Taylor encouraged him.
“A dress is a silly thing to be upset over, don’t you think? You’re the one being a little childish and vain.” Eory retorted.
The ancient warrior’s blood boiled with rage at the insinuation that she, of all the women, were vain and childish. She growled audibly and her muscles tensing in fury.
They were silent for a time as Pollyanna, Pollyanna managing to calm herself down. With a deep breath, she managed to resist punching her charge in the face.
I can’t even remember the last time I considered punching one of my charges. This brat pisses me off.
“I’m not angry about the dress, I’m angry that you just take abuse like that!” Pollyanna replied.
Eory took her by surprise, looking her up and down with the same passionate eyes Fjorn had so long ago. Without her permission, her knees felt weak.
“You look beautiful. It doesn’t matter what you’re wearing.” Eory assured her, ignoring her statement of denial.
There was another brief block of silence between them; but in a moment, Pollyanna regained her sense of self and crossed her arms bitterly.
Eory held out a hand. “Why don’t we ignore the others for a moment and have a dance. Just the two of us?”
Pollyanna snorted. “Why don’t you dance with a girl your own age—perhaps from the nursery?”
Eory tried not to take it to heart, but it bit into his confidence greatly.
And that sweet and uncertain side to him emerged. Pollyanna uncrossed her arms, her muscles loosening when she saw this dip in his confidence. And suddenly, she wanted to dance with him very much.
She sighed. “Fine, we can dance.”
His face lit up. He placed one hand on her lower back and linked his free hand with hers.
There was an intense absence of noise in her mind as she had nowhere to look but his eyes. He gradually brought her closer to the other nobles on the dance floor in a rhythmic pattern.
She was horrible at dancing around others--in fact, she had forgotten how to dance--but it wasn’t difficult to just follow his lead, and there was something soothing about giving over that control to someone else.
His fingers were warm—as warm as her cheeks felt from being in such close proximity to him—and her lower back felt secure under his surprisingly firm grasp.
Her eyes widened. The ball seemed to melt away before her eyes- her already quickened pulse quickening even more.
The warm, yellow light from the torches and the tile of the ball was replaced by the dark shade of moonlight in a torchless room. The noisy room, filled with chatter and music was replaced with heavy breathing, and the pleasant smell of fire and sweets dissolved into the scent of fresh, night air from open windows.
She felt warm, strong fingers tracing the side of her face; she felt smooth, flawless skin under her hands.
“What’s wrong, beautiful?” Fjorn asked her, sitting up and gently tucking a strand of her hair--disheveled from their passions--behind her ear.
She wanted to say something, but her lips seemed forcibly sealed, and so she said nothing at all. Instead she just enjoyed his deep kisses and let him push her down as she began to relax again.
But the kisses became something sick and suffocating and she struggled beneath him—not because she wanted him to stop, but because she desperately wanted to say something.
She found her voice between kisses, begging him in a monotone voice over and over again, “Please, just love me the way I love you.”
“Please just love me—”
“Please just—”
Please.
Please.
Please.
And Pollyanna shoved Fjorn off her, but it was Eory who stumbled backwards as the ball came back into full focus.
She breathed heavily, Eory staring at her in fearful suspense--her heart being stabbed with a needle for even grazing her master.
Pollyanna murmured sincerely to him after a moment, “I’m sorry. Please forgive me.”
Eory nodded a little hesitantly.
In a moment he replied to her earlier question, “When you’re in the room, there’s no way I could possibly look at other women my age.”
All the nobles in the ball were looking at them—and especially Pollyanna—but in a moment went back to dancing.
Pollyanna hoped she didn’t ruin his chances with the king by making a scene, vowing to herself to behave for the rest of the night until the king made his intentions known.
Chapter 39: Waiting
King Laurence propped his elbow up on the arm of his throne, leaning his cheek on his fist, keeping his eyes glued to Eory and Pollyanna.
Laurence’s ring finger twitched nervously and incessantly.
He was praying to Renthas--the human god--that they would behave and harm no one.
Laurence was glad Kori listened to his wishes and decided to sit next to his wife, who she barely said a word to, even though Queen Harriet was being incredibly polite and trying to make conversation with the waif.
Where she decided to stay during the ball informed him that she was still more loyal to him than to Eory, which relieved him of much stress.
No matter what, I need her in my life.
In truth, Laurence loved Kori. He loved Harriet as well, but not to the extent he did Kori. He wished he could have married the waif, but he knew the people of Maribel wouldn’t have wanted her as a queen. Foreigners had ruled over the human kingdom for hundreds of years and the last thing they wanted was to have a foreign waif on the throne. Besides. Courting other races was looked down on--a kind of taboo.
And Kori didn't have the right personality to be queen, whereas Harriet did.
The sudden gasping of nobles brought something unexpected to his attention.
Laurence straightened his posture in surprise when he saw Pollyanna shove her charge on the dance floor. The king’s fingers tensed on his sheath, but in a moment, he saw the two make up, and Pollyanna retreated further away from Eory to where she could still intervene if something went wrong, but where she wouldn’t have to be apart of any conversations the fairy had with the nobles.
Laurence’s heart leapt faster after seeing the interaction. He was glad Kori had told him her true identity, despite her height, he would have never recognized her under the cloak she was wearing. It allowed him to plan effectively, as well.
He tried to calm himself down by thinking of comforting thoughts, and they led him back to his conversation to Kori earlier—and the soothing feeling of her fingers running through his hair.
“Why have you called me here, Laurence? Are you going to tell me what you plan to do at the ball?” Kori asked. She noticed his red eyes. She clasped her hands in front of her with a thoughtful frown. “Or is this about Shirley again?”
Laurence cleared his throat and shook his head. “She’s always on my mind, but I… I am just overly worried about tonight. I’m afraid I will lose the kingdom to these monsters all over again. I need you to soothe my soul.”
Laurence threw himself to his knees before her, and Kori looked down on him with her fingers tensed. She had an expression on her face that was something akin to sympathy mixed with disgust.
She never knew whether to shove him away or throw her arms around him, but she would usually end up doing the latter. This time, however, she didn’t take kindly to what he said. “Eory is not a monster! You must give him a chance! It’s Pollyanna who’s the problem! Eory… Eory doesn’t have an evil bone in his body!”
Laurence closed his eyes. If he could trust Kori’s words--and if Eory could be relied upon as she said he could be--then perhaps the solution to all of this was simpler than he thought.
Laurence opened his eyes, Kori still running her hands through his hair.
“How certain are you that he is not a monster? Please be completely honest, Kori.” Laurence said quietly.
Kori took a moment to answer. She wanted to give him an honest answer—but she knew she wasn’t unbiased. “I can’t lie to you, Laurence. I am closer to Eory than I have ever been to any criminal I have redeemed in the past, and I can’t view him as objectively as I can them. I can’t promise you that his evil ancestry won’t take hold, but I can only judge on what I see. And what I see in front of me is a sweet and harmless young man who is risking his life to prove to you and everyone else in the kingdom that he is deserving of their respect and that he is harmless. He has had his stormy days in the past, but every child does, and his stormy days were few and far between considering he was locked in a tiny room. He deserves this chance; a fair chance.”
Laurence looked into her eyes and saw no lie. He nodded silently.
“Are you ready to dispose of Pollyanna at the ball?” Laurence asked with his voice barely above a whisper.
There was a long silence, but she answered, “Yes. The plan should go off with no harm being done to those we love.”
And his heart was gladdened as Kori sat on the floor, and he lay his head in her lap for comfort.
“What am I feeling right now?” He asked her.
Kori replied emotionlessly, “Peace.”
“It’s all thanks to you, as always.”
Laurence came back to reality, his muscles relaxing as time ticked by and he waited for his opportunity. Slowly, nobles began to leave the ball.
Chapter 40: Joy
As the hours ticked by, Eory felt his confidence growing--felt a happiness he didn’t even know it was possible to feel while dancing, conversing, and eating at the ball.
His feelings inside the tower had always been so gray, muted, and empty. Even when he felt joy in his tower, it was reserved, but here, it was felt brilliant--spreading throughout his entire being.
Eory was saddened that so many people at the ball wanted nothing to do with him, but overjoyed at those who were willing to indulge him in conversation--despite who he was related to.
Gershom was his greatest ally during the ball. Because Pollyanna hated the nobles--preferring to stand to the side--and because Kori was sitting by the king, Gershom was the only one there to comfort him and bolster his confidence.
When he felt himself getting so nervous that it felt like heart would beat out of his chest, he would step away from the nobles, pet his dog for a few moments, and all the stress would leave him. He pressed his cheek into the dog’s fur, and the dog lovingly licked his cheek in return; when Eory looked into Gershom’s buggy, black eyes, he knew he always had a friend, and that relaxed him to no end.
If a dog loves me, maybe people can, too… Eory thought to himself.
Gershom also helped Eory break the ice with many of the nobles. Some of them would have no interest in talking to him, but then Gershom would bark, and they would have dozens of questions about the dog. Eory would explain that he was a terrier with a very loving personality who was well-trained and obedient, and the nobles would coo over him.
Late into the ball, and even later into the night when nobles started leaving, Eory took a break, sitting with Gershom in his lap on a chair to the side of the dancefloor. Eory smiled, watching the dog pant with a brainless, happy look on his face.
Pollyanna--who had been standing away from him, melting into a shadow at the corner of the room—reemerged now, standing by him.
She leaned on his chair, whispering, “He reminds me of the dog you had when you were a child…”
Eory nodded, gently running his ivory hands through the dog’s fur. He was mesmerized by its black eyes, staring into them with a deep concentration. He saw himself in those eyes, and when he blinked, his reflection blinked, too. Seeing himself in the eyes of a creature that loved him, made him like himself a little more, too.
He was happy; his heart was soaring with the comfort of having something inherently good-hearted love him.
Eory stared into Gershom’s eyes so fervently, that all else faded to black Soon, it was just him and Gershom.
Not the dog, Gershom, but the fairy, Gershom.
Eory felt very small, and he saw he was sitting on his brother’s lap like he used to when he was little.
He was weeping heavily, and the soaring feeling in his heart was gone. It was replaced by a sick and nauseated feeling that latched to his head and stomach.
His brother’s hands were gripping his forearms as he wept. “Don’t cry, Eory. Please don’t cry. It was only a dog; there are so many other dogs. We can get you a new one tomorrow! I promise!”
His own weeping became louder in his ears and seemed to echo in the dark space. “There was no dog like him! He was my best friend! Why won’t you tell me who killed him?”
“I…” Gershom began but could say no more.
I…
I…
I…
Eory felt warm liquid slipping down his arms.
He stared forward, his eyes wide in terror.
He didn’t dare look back at his brother, because he knew his hands were covered in blood. Eory knew the truth which he had kept from himself for so long.
Gershom had killed that innocent dog who had done nothing but love him.
It tore Eory's heart apart because that dog felt like his only friend most of the time.
Although Gershom tried to make time to play with him at least once a day, he was too busy with his lessons to play with him most of the time. His parents were busy all the time, too, running the kingdom and making plans that were too grand and complicated for him to comprehend.
But his childhood dog was different. He was always there for him, and he could spend hours playing with him.
He remembered a time when he had taken the dog out to the courtyard, spending a whole hour racing him from one end of the courtyard to the other. They were having a grand time up until he spun around when he reached one end of the courtyard and spun around, expecting to see his dog chasing after him. Instead, the dog had disappeared.
He thought it had run away from him.
He sniffled, hugging his knees, drowning in a pit of lonely misery, until the dog showed up and licked his face.
Eory immediately ceased his sobbing when the dog returned, hugging it and hoped it would never disappear again.
When the dog died later, Eory felt sick for weeks and said very little if anything at all. 
Eory came back to reality, sniffling a little at the memory. 
Pollyanna couldn’t help but think her charge had a lot in common with that dog.
Chapter 41: Good and Respectable
One by one, every noble in the ballroom came before the king, had a few words with him, and then left—until, suddenly, the ballroom had gotten very quiet.
Eory looked around. Everyone was gone but for him, the king, Kori, Pollyanna, and a few guards standing in the corners of the room.
Pollyanna noticed that, about an hour ago, the queen had excused herself and taken her six-year-old with her. That did not bode well, and it made Pollyanna hyper-vigilant.
The room was so quiet now that Eory’s footsteps echoed when he approached the king.
Laurence sat up straight in his throne, unable to keep from turning his nose up at the approach of Eory and the Arrozan Sword. He could see nothing but King Herin’s features in the young man’s face.
Everyone in the room was tense.
Fear of the unknown hung in the air as Eory’s ominous footsteps came to a halt before the king. Eory did a bow, falling on one knee before the dais. Pollyanna reluctantly following suite with a curtsy, staying on both knees next Eory. On Eory’s other side, Gershom was silent and well mannered--not even panting.
The fairy kept his head and eyes down and saying humbly, “I await your judgement, King Laurence. Have I performed well tonight?”
Sweat rolled down Kori’s forehead as she awaited the king’s response.
Laurence looked upon Eory with a consternated expression. He cleared his throat in a moment, replying, “You have, Eory. Many of the nobles were quite taken with you, and the ones that weren’t couldn’t claim that you had been rude to them. You have done extremely well.”
Relief overwhelmed Eory. It felt as if the stress that had made it hard for him to breathe had stopped constricting his lungs and heart. He nearly jumped for joy, but he managed to keep his composure.
While still kneeling, he asked, “Then… Am I free to go, Your Majesty?”
The room was deathly silence again but for gentle breathing.
Laurence took a deep breath. “You are, but I would like you to do something for me, first.”
Kori looked panicked, wondering what the king had in mind. She was already ready to protest.
Pollyanna’s muscles were tensed and she was ready to spring into action if necessary.
Eory just kept his head down as stress once again strangled him about the throat, making it hard to breathe.
“You behaved admirably, but…” Laurence looked upon Pollyanna. “Pollyanna--yes, I know it’s you-- as usual, was poorly behaved during the ball and is a menace to society. She threatened two nobles and even shoved you. I’m afraid I must require that you order her to be executed or imprisoned forever since she seems to obey your every whim.” Laurence said evenly, his fingers fidgeting nervously.
I don't know whether Pollyanna is required to follow his orders, but this is the best way to find out.
Everyone was still; they were all trying to process what he said and what it entailed for each of them.
Pollyanna glared at the waif, seething. The waif made her blood boil.
“You told him my identity! You damned fool--now you’ll get us all killed!” Pollyanna growled.
Pollyanna was furious, feeling the most panicked she had in ages. Her life was always secure in the hands of Eory’s ancestors--they would always need her to protect them from treason, assassins, and revolts--not only that, but she and Eory’s ancestors had respected each other greatly and had similar philosophies, she highly doubted that Eory would spare her like his ancestors would have.
She expected Eory would pick the king over herself. She hated him for it; she and Eory had every opportunity to escape, but his need to be accepted as decent and kind overwhelmed logic at every turn. And now, the king seemed like he was going to reward Eory for his kindness, and the only one to die and pay the price would be herself. She seethed in rage at everyone in the room, wishing them all terrible deaths. No matter what, her future looked bleak.
If Eory chose the king over her, she could be spending the rest of eternity in jail. If Eory ordered her to die, she suspected that the magic of the potion protecting her would break, and the magic potion coursing through her veins would squeeze her heart until it stopped working.
Eory’s face was drained of warmth and color, his thoughts racing so quickly that he couldn’t hold onto to a coherent one long enough to say anything. His mouth moved, but no words came out.
Kori was silent, but hopeful that Eory would agree with the king and order Pollyanna to her death. 
Eory finally spluttered with unshed tears in his eyes, “B-but—that’s unfair! You said you would free me if I performed well…”
“And I will. I would just like your agreement on this, Eory. As I said, you have performed well, and I can see you becoming a well-respected and well-liked member of society. You are a very kind and understanding young man; the world needs more people like you. But Pollyanna has killed many people, and she will be whispering poison in your ears until the day you die, trying to convince you to be like your ancestors. You must understand that I can’t help but have doubts about you when you keep a weapon such as her around who could kill me and everyone in this kingdom if she so desired.” Laurence said levelly.
For the first time in a long time in her life, Pollyanna was frozen in fear and out of options--she felt like a scared little girl, shaking in her boots. 
She felt like she was waiting to die. 
Eory took a shuddering breath. His legs felt weak beneath him. He waited for his mind to clear to finally give an answer.
“Please, Your Majesty. Just let her be free with me. She isn’t evil, she was a slave to my family just like everyone in this kingdom was. She has a good heart and has done great things! She lessened the killing of my father, Herin, and disobeyed him at every turn!” Eory cried as he shakily climbed to his feet.
Pollyanna, who had been glaring at the three of them with hatred burning in her eyes, now looked at Eory in shock and confusion.
Kori intervened. “Eory, how many times must I tell you.Those stories were fiction. Pollyanna has done no good things for this kingdom. In fact, if she saw the slightest hint of treason from commoners in the past, she would always be the first to kill whoever was planning a revolt. Now please, order her order her to die, so that you may live a good life.”
Eory looked at Pollyanna, who was keeping her eyes down in terror, unable to look at him or anyone else in the room, and then he looked at Laurence and Kori.
Kori had that sweet and understanding look on her face; that face that told him everything would be okay, and Laurence had a determined, but enigmatic look on his face.
“Pollyanna i-is my friend. I won’t let anything bad happen to her.” Eory finally said nervously. “She obeys my every order. I promise you that she will never harm you or anyone else. Just let her go, too.”
Laurence tapped his fingers on the arm rest, his determined expression did not fade from his face.
Eory looked into the king’s eyes, blood pounding in his ears.
And then, to Eory’s shock, the king nodded. “Very well. You are free. Take Pollyanna and go; she may be untrustworthy, but you clearly are. You have demonstrated that tonight. However, please promise me that you will never let Pollyanna harm anyone.”
Eory nodded nervously, and felt the stress being lifted off his shoulders again. He was shaken by the king’s unexpected kindness. “I will; I promise you that Pollyanna will harm no one.”
Kori was stunned. “But Laurence--!”
Laurence held up a hand. “I trust him. You were right; he’s a good young man.”
Tears sprang from the waif’s eyes, she sobbed into the armrest on her chair--not wanting Eory to leave her side. She couldn’t believe that even the king seemed to be on Pollyanna’s side, of all people.
Eory’s face lit up and he turned to Pollyanna. “We can leave, Pollyanna! Let’s go!”
Pollyanna looked up at him with her ancient heart beating quickly. She shed no tears of fear, but only had a look of numb shock on her face.
Eory reached out a hand, and the warrior maiden took it, pulling herself to her feet.
She was flabbergasted by Eory’s kindness and loyalty.
Eory turned to Kori with a smile on his face. “Do you want to come with us, Kori? I wanted to talk to you about how much fun I had tonight…”
But Kori was in the pit of despair and couldn’t hear him through her own sobbing.
Eory’s face fell. He wanted so badly for her to revel in this victory with him, and it hurt him that she didn’t want to.
Perhaps she will be well enough to, tomorrow. Eory thought to himself.
And then he, Pollyanna, and Gershom, slowly headed toward the large double-doors from which they had entered on the opposite end of the room.
There was silence again but for Kori’s weeping and their echoing footsteps as they walked.
Pollyanna kept her eyes glued to the balcony hanging above them.
Freedom was so close that Eory could practically taste it. His smile kept getting larger and larger as the door came closer and closer.
He took one more step which put him, Pollyanna, and Gershom halfway to the door, and then the king said with a loud and clear voice, “Kill them.”
Eory was petrified and in denial of what he heard. His body refused to move.
Pollyanna saw the archers step into view on the balcony.
Kori looked up, tears springing from her cheeks as she shrieked Eory’s name--trying to make her way over to him just to be caught by the king.
Pollyanna dove, tackling Eory to the ground, shielding him with her own body. She had him pinned in such a way that his neck was forcibly craned to the right. To his right, he saw Gershom was barking wildly. 
Eory heard dozens of arrows being loosed. His mind was overwhelmed with such intense emotions, and he couldn’t process any of them. His eyes were wide and unblinking.
Pollyanna grunted in pain as arrows thunked into her body—some went through her, nearly nicking Eory’s own skin, but most could barely get through her hardened skin.
Eory couldn’t process the fact that he was covered in Pollyanna’s blood--didn’t register how disgusting it was--because he had gone numb from being locked into looking at Gershom.
The fairy was forced to watch as dozens of arrows pierced repeatedly pierced through Gershom’s tiny body. There was a horrendous, heart-rending whimper that the dog emitted that Eory would never forget, and then the dog collapsed on his side, twitching and whimpering weakly.
Eory watched Gershom twitch two more times, and then he stopped moving.
Eory stared at its lank motionless body with wide, unblinking eyes. His emotions and mind felt detached from his own body. He was shaken to his core.
More arrows were loosed, piercing Pollyanna’s back. She let out a gasp of pain, going lank for a moment. Eory could still feel her breathing and knew she wasn’t dead, so he didn’t care about how much pain she was in.
At the moment, he didn’t care whether anyone lived or died. He had very few thoughts about anything at all.
-Chapter 42: Disgust
I can’t take much more of this pain… Pollyanna thought to herself as yet another round of arrows pierced her body, sending several jolts of pain coursing through her body.
And yet, she knew that she could, indeed, take more of it, and would. If she didn't, Eory would die--and by extension, she would, too. She looked over at the dog who had died, feeling a loathing in her heart for Laurence that she had never felt before for any other creature on Yharos. Pollyanna had killed so many people, but killing something as harmless as a dog ruined the cleanliness of an honest kill. He did not even have the excuse of instability like Eory's brother had.
She wanted to be the one to kill Laurence, and she hoped Eory would give her the order to.
The fairy had gone still beneath her. Her only indication that he was alive was that she was still alive. She couldn’t even imagine how he was feeling.
He was buried under her body, stained in her blood, with his head craned forcibly to the right so he couldn't look away from his dog's corpse. It probably stank, and she was sure he was overheated, exhausted, and traumatized. 
Pollyanna wished the potion would prevent her from feeling pain as well as keep her from dying, but she supposed that would be too good to be true. Everytime an arrow pierced her, she wept with pain, gritting her teeth. When she was pierced by arrows, her body would push eventually push them out, quickly closing and healing the punctures that the arrows had created. Regardless of being healed, her pain was indescribable. She had so many arrows sticking out of her that she looked like porcupine.
From the other side of the room, she could hear the waif screaming at the top of her lungs and weeping—begging for the king to cease fire—but he would have none of it.
Stupid bitch. She should have known. Pollyanna thought to herself, hatred burning in her heart.
Time passed. Pollyanna felt nauseated by the smell that clinging to her nose. It was a foul mixture of sweat and blood. 
I can’t take this! She thought to herself, crying all-the-harder. 
But she had to, for Eory. It was strange to think, but she didn’t just want him to live so that she could, too. She wanted him to live because he had picked her over his hard-fought freedom. It was the most selfless thing she had ever witnessed. 
And so she endured for what felt like an hour, until silence again reigned in the hall.
It seemed like they had finally run out of arrows.
Pollyanna was lying motionlessly, tears in her eyes from the pain—her long, silvery hair was sprawled out in a spiral on the tile flooring, patches of her blood staining the ground.
She held her breath. They must have run out of arrows. It had been a good minute.
She heard Laurence take a deep breath. “They’re dead… They’re finally dead. Yharos will be such a fine place without them in it… Quickly—all soldiers, make sure they’re dead!”
Pollyanna listened to the archers’ footsteps on the balcony recede.
She knew she and Eory had a few minutes to escape. She knew the layout of the castle well. The soldiers would have to file out of the door on the left side of the balcony, go down a long hall, take a staircase down to the first floor, and then take a right down another long hallway until they came to the ballroom doors.
Pollyanna jumped to her feet, hauling Eory to his—still shielding him with her body by closing him with her strong hands.
From the four corners of the room, the guards who were stationed there approached, realizing that the pair were not dead after all. 
Pollyanna quickened her pace, but the fairy was dead-weighting, and it seemed as if all strength and consciousness had left him.
“Damn you!” Pollyanna grumbled. “Get up! We can get out of here together!”
The king’s voice echoed in dismay as he cursed in fury. “Damn! What does it take to kill her!”
Eory was staring listlessly forward while Pollyanna dragged him toward the doors.
In a moment, he glanced over to Gershom.
You want to know the word now, don’t you? The word it takes to activate that vile magic festering inside of us? The woman enticed him.
Eory snapped back to reality with only one thought on his mind.
He yanked his arm away from Pollyanna, dodging spears thrown from the guards who were still approaching.
Pollyanna spat his name, chasing after him as he sprinted to Gershom’s side, and then collapsed on his knees next to its corpse.
His mouth wobbled. He swallowed a lump in his throat as he gently moved the bloody remains of his best friend onto his lap, petting it mechanically. He sobbed and wretched, weeping bitter tears that made it painful to blink.
And he thought the word he needed to think repeatedly until it became the only thought in his head.
Disgust.
Disgust.
Disgust.
Disgust.
“Disgust.” He said aloud.
As he said it, black tendrils boiled out of his own body and the dog’s in all different directions. They started as small--the size of wriggling worms--and began growing rapidly until the whole room was covered in them. Now, the whole room was covered in chittering worms; they rustled about on the floors and walls, rustling like reed being brushed by the wind.
Pollyanna could barely see anything through the blackness enshrouding the room, but she spotted the glinting armor of one of the guards about to kill Eory, his sword high in the air.
She tackled him with a yell, feeling pain piercing her heart from Eory’s earlier order not to kill anyone at the ball. The knight had lost his sword from her tackle, and she snatched it up. She tried to haul Eory to his feet, but a black tendril burst through her skin as she grabbed his shoulder. Surprised, she released his shoulder. She brushed the black tendril off, and it wriggled on the ground until it evaporated. The black tendrils grabbed the guard who was about to kill Eory, and melted him in their embrace.
All around her, the chittering worms began forming into a ball that touched the floor, ceiling, and walls of the room. It began shrinking until it formed a tight, impenetrable, writhing circle around Eory and the dog.
Neither Eory nor the dog were visible any longer. The tendrils, which had been translucent and soft, were now hard like volcanic rock.
Pollyanna panicked—her heart beating wildly—she dug her fingers between two of the plates encircling Eory, just to have the entire rock break apart in a shower of light, blowing her backwards onto her back.
She sat up to see Eory staring forward with such a hateful look on his face that even Pollyanna was frightened.
Standing behind him was something resembling a dog. It was nearly as tall as the balcony. The four-legged creature was made up of smoky shadows, and the only thing that was bright upon it were its piercing, yellow eyes and its gleaming white teeth which it bared with a howl. Pollyanna's eyes focused in on the smoky, twisted horns atop its giant, pit-bull like head.
It snarled in such a hideous way that Pollyanna froze in place for a moment, and she could do nothing but stare forward at the hideous beast who could likely devour anything in the room.
Chapter 43: Failures
All the archers who had been up on the balcony now burst through the door with their swords in hand—ready to spring into action.
Eory’s eyes, which were once harmless and rosy, now pulsed with black fire. The sound of glass breaking filled the ears of everyone in the ballroom as they pulsed with black smoke--causing everyone to clap their hands to their ears.
The horrible, pit-bull like creature made of shadows roared, charging through Eory as if it were a ghost. Pollyanna dove out of the way as it plowed into the archers entering the room--their blood curdling screams piercing the air.
Pollyanna weakly climbed to her feet—blood spurting out of the arrow wounds which stabbed her where she had fallen. She yanked as many as she could out of her body so it could heal more quickly. She glanced at the shadow dog massacring the archers and then glanced over at King Laurence, her eyes dripping with malice.
Laurence returned her gaze with horror in his own eyes and scrambled to his feet from where he had been sitting.
Pollyanna twirled her stolen blade, licking her lips. She was glad Eory was not too naive to forbid her hurting or killing anyone at the ball, as he suspected something like this was a possibility. She dashed toward him as more screams from the archers behind her split the air.
Eory watched with a grin on his face, his mind blank, as his shadow dog made short work of the archers. It swallowed the first few whole, and then stomped on three others with it giant, clawed paw, leaving splatters of blood where the archers had been.
The only word on the fairy’s mind was:
Disgust.
Disgust.
Disgust.
Pollyanna caught up to the king easily with her inhuman speed. He backed away from her on the dais, his palms held up in surrender.
Kori watched Pollyanna advance on the king with frozen dread until she managed to force herself to her feet and sob, “Please Pollyanna! Don’t harm us! Can’t you see that this is all your fault! If it weren’t for you, we all could have been happy! If you hadn't come along, Laurence would have set Eory free!”
“How is this my fault? I wasn’t planning on killing any of you because Eory wasn’t! The king was the one who struck first! I’ll make him pay!” She came closer and closer to the king.
Kori looked at the warrior maiden with her tiny hands clapped to her mouth. It seemed as if, no matter what, she and Laurence would either be killed by Eory or Pollyanna, and that fact ground her in place. But then, the waif’s shoulders relaxed; her courage was bolstered. She was reminded of the thing she wanted to be brave for.
Kori's eyes shifted away from Pollyanna, and now she was looking at Eory instead. It pained her enormously to see her sweet boy consumed by such inhuman rage. She didn’t know whether his evil ancestry had finally consumed him, or whether it was the situation that was making him act this way, but she just knew how horribly depressed and disappointed he would be to see himself acting in the same way his vile family would.
She knew he wasn’t really like this. She knew there was more to him than his ancestry; there was something about him, deep down, that could not be tainted by his roots. Deep down, everyone had something like that; a part of themselves that was all their own, and not something made up from their parents.
She had to believe that; both for herself, and for Eory.
She wanted to stop him before he destroyed himself entirely and that beautiful thing about him that existed apart from his cursed family history.
The waif left Laurence’s side and sprinted towards Eory as fast as her tiny waif legs would carry her. Laurence screamed her name--but she didn’t hear him.
It didn’t matter who he killed or whether he meant to kill them or not; he was her boy, and she loved him with all her heart.
The other end of the ballroom was splattered with patches of blood and corpses that were a mangled mess, but Kori didn’t even notice them. Her gaze was fixed on Eory, who was staring forward with a disturbing grin on his face.
Pollyanna watched the waif in shock as she marched so determinedly to her death, and then the ancient woman turned her gaze back to Laurence who was sweating in fear. She took another step toward the king, but stopped herself.
For once, she thought of Eory’s wishes. Not because he had ordered her to, but because she found that she genuinely cared about him. He wouldn’t want her to kill Laurence, and he would hate her for killing him. I should be ashamed for liking such a weak creature. She stopped her advance on the king.
The shadow dog, done with his meal, turned around and began trotting back to Eory’s side—its eyes were trained on the waif dashing toward its master.
Kori took a few more steps when she reach Eory’s side, circling around to look him in the eyes.
He almost seemed like he was in a daze.
She jumped, waving her hand in front of his face. He didn’t even blink. Kori dared not look behind her because she could hear the dog charging her, and didn’t want to lose her courage.
She didn’t care what happened to her; she just wanted her son back.
She grabbed his arms, making him kneel before her so she could hold his face in her hands. She pressed her forehead against his, closing her eyes.
Her thumbs dug into his cheeks; she did what she did with all criminals she attempted to redeem--she tried to soothe his soul and get him to reflect on himself and his actions through her magic.
At first, the fairy drew back a little, his eyes pulsing with rage, but Kori only dug her fingers in harder, and his expression changed to one of dismay.
Kori concentrated intently, picturing her magic—a sparkling, translucent and silvery thing tucked away deep in her stomach—slowly spreading out from her body until it escaped from it, seeping out from the wrinkles lining her face and enveloping Eory. From there, it crawled inside his mind and made the cogs turn the way they were supposed to.
Slowly, tears gently ran down his solemn face, and consciousness returned to his previously vacant eyes. The shadow dog, who was still charging, stopped just as it was about to run Kori over. Eory’s sobbed, hugging Kori for comfort as he fell to his knees.
“I’m sorry, Kori! I failed you! I'm so sorry!” Eorry cried. “I tried so hard—I really did! But I just can’t get these sick thoughts out of my head no matter how hard I try! They follow me everywhere and have cornered me!”
Kori wrapped her arms around him protectively, shaking her head. “Eory, listen to me, you were threatened. You had no choice but to defend yourself. Not only that, but…”
She looked back and locked eyes with the monster Eory had created with his perverse magic. “They took something precious from you.”
And at the memory of seeing the dog as a mangled, bloody mess—at the memory of the poor thing’s leg twitching and the heart-rending sounds of its last whimpers, Eory broke down completely. He fell on all-fours where he shuddered and let out cries of agony like a child throwing a tantrum.
“Why would you do such a thing? He never did anything wrong! He was my best friend… You’re all monsters! I want you all to die!” Eory’s sadness suddenly transformed into a rage, and his eyes flared with smoky blackness once again.
The sound of glass shattering filled everyone’s ears.
The shadow dog behind Kori roared furiously, but Kori was not deterred. She kept her grip on Eory’s cheeks, looking into his eyes with determination and love in her own. “I know, Eory. We all failed you. We should have all welcomed you into this world with the same respect, kindness, and openness that you entered it with when you left the tower, but we have shown you nothing but deceit and cruelty. But please Eory…”
Kori hugged him closer. “I just want you to live. Let’s just leave things here before anyone else gets hurt. You can live a good life out there in the world because I know that, deep down, nothing can change your sweetness. You’ll always be my Eory.”
“But I killed all those soldiers! I can’t be redeemed now! All that work on your part and I still failed!” Eory said as he cried listless tears over her shoulder. “I was so excited to prove to you and everyone else that I was good—but I was wrong… Nothing can save or help me.”
Kori held him at arm’s length. “We all failed here tonight. The fault is everyone’s.”
Pollyanna yelled from the other side of the room and interrupted. Because Pollyanna wanted Eory’s genuine approval to kill the king so she would be guiltless, she shouted. “Give me the order to kill him, Eory! Let’s avenge your dog!”
Eory looked at Pollyanna who had the king cornered and pinned against the wall. The cogs in his mind turned.
He smoothed his disheveled hair back and made a downward motion with an open palm. The shadow dog sat and awaited his next order. Eory approached Pollyanna slowly.
Chapter 44: Savior
Eory came to Pollyanna’s side, crossing his arms with a look of distaste in his eyes as he gazed upon the cowering king.
I’d like to see him dead. I’d like to see him shot up with as many arrows as he shot Gershom up with. Eory thought to himself with seething rage.
“Please let me live. I h-have a wife and children! The kingdom needs me!” Laurence protested as Pollyanna brandished her sword.
Pollyanna put a strong hand on the fairy’s shoulder and she told him, “Just give me the order and I’ll cut him down.”
But in a moment, his look of distaste and rage melted into one of repentance and self-loathing.
He looked down at his hands and, even though they had no blood upon them, they were dripping red. For a moment, all he could hear were the screams of the soldiers he murdered with that abomination he had conjured from the corpse of his dog.
Eory said aloud, unable to to contain his feeling. “I desecrated his corpse! He’ll never make it to Ashenklein now…” Eory said, recalling the paradise fairies were said to go to when they died.
Pollyanna, who still looked like a porcupine with all the arrows sticking out of her back, wrapped an arm around his shoulder. “You made him stronger. Stronger is better.”
Eory took a moment to try and process all of his emotions, and then he was finally able to look upon the king again with shaking hands and a shuddering breath.
Just kill him! It’d be so easy! He earned it. The woman dared him.
Eory clenched his fists, biting his lip until it bled, but he managed to resist the temptation.
------He fell on one knee before the king and said, “King Laurence, my life is in your hands. Choose whatever punishment you find suitable enough for me.”
Laurence was stunned. He looked down upon the fairy with confusion mixed with revulsion. The king snarled and unsheathed his blade. “This is the only punishment suitable enough for you and your wretched family!”
Eory screwed his eyes shut, whispering to Pollyanna, “I’m sorry… I order you not to hurt or kill him.”
Pollyanna felt no rage toward the fairy, to her surprise, and only rage and panic toward King Laurence as he held his blade high. She wanted to leap at him—she wanted to cut his throat—but the magic potion coursing through her veins would not allow it.
Laurence swung the blade down but stopped as Kori shrieked, “Put that blade down!”
She dashed in front of Eory protectively—her arms wrapped around him—and glared at the king. “You lied to me! You promised me Eory would be spared! Now you see where your lies have gotten us all! If you kill Eory, you may as well kill me, too, because he’s the only thing I have to live for!”
Eory stroked the waif’s hair, telling her regretfully and sincerely, “Kori, it’s okay. I’m prepared to pay for my crimes. I killed all those people...”
“No!” Kori protested. “You’ve made my world so much brighter and better! You can make the rest brighter, too!”
“Damn you, Kori, move! Let me kill this monster!” Laurence growled.
“You never wanted to give him a chance! You decided he was a monster before you even met him! You promised to give him a fair chance!” Kori sobbed. “Even now, he is saving your life by ordering Pollyanna not to kill you!”
Laurence watched her weep in silence for a moment as Eory continued stroking her hair.
His fingers were still tight and tense on the hilt of his sword, but in a moment, he lowered it.
“I have a proposal.” Laurence said uneasily. “If you are sincere, Eory, then you will not mind a slower, but kinder and more productive death sentence.”
Kori waited in apprehension of what he would suggest—ready to protest.
“The Astral Elves are always looking for more recruits to fend off the doppelgangers. Will you agree to help them?” King Laurence asked.
Kori gasped. “No! I will not allow it!”
Eory cocked his head to the side. “What are you talking about?”
Pollyanna answered for the king. “He wishes to lock us into the Crater of Resentment where doppelgangers—evil shadows who eat life with every step they take--spring endlessly up from the ground. The Astral Elves put up a magical barrier around that place and once you go in, you can’t get out. We will be locked in with death itself!”
King Laurence glared at her and said, “Please, there are many people who live full lives within the Crater—and they live lives of fulfillment, too, because they are doing something for the good of every creature on Yharos while also atoning for their sins. You want to be good, don’t you Eory? Well, sacrificing your life to ensure the peace and prosperity of all the kingdoms and peoples on Yharos sounds noble enough to me, and a good enough punishment.”
“Don’t do it, Eory. People in the Crater live lonely, sad lives! Many of them take their own lives if the doppelgangers don’t get them first!” Kori cried. She turned to Laurence. “Just let him go, please Laurence!”
“I will not bend, even for you, Kori! Every kingdom is in danger with these creatures alive!” Laurence yelled, but the waif did not cower. She wrestled with the conflicting feelings inside of her when it came to the king. It was an irrevocable love mixed with jealousy and disgust toward the king. She could never tell whether the king was taking advantage of her or whether she was just stupid enough to stay in love with a man who was married.
Eory thought for a few moments, and then he motioned Pollyanna to come closer to him as he disengaged from Kori’s protective hug.
Pollyanna did so, kneeling by his side where he whispered into her ear. “Is there a way to free you from my service? I don’t want you to have to come.”
Pollyanna was silent for a moment as she looked into his eyes searchingly, and then she said, “I don’t want to be free from your service, even if I knew.”
His eyes narrowed with desire--he placed a long hand on her gray head. He didn’t realize how badly he wanted to hear her say that. She kissed his forehead and then stood up.
Eory nodded, then. “I will go. If it will make up for the lives I have taken here, then I will go.”
“No!” Kori cried with her voice cracking, “No… Eory, I beg of you—don’t do this… I want you in my life! You’re all I have!”
Eory crouched, holding her close again. A small smile bloomed on his lips and he remembered again just how lucky he was to have someone kind enough in the world to stand up to the wishes of all the people of Maribel to behead him along with the rest of his family. He realized now, as a mature adult, how lonely she must have been to have selflessly given so much of her life to such a corrupt child as he that was not her own. “Kori, I want you to find a different reason for living. You deserve it more than anyone I know. It should be a good reason, and it should be only for yourself.”
Kori turned away from him, covering her face in her hands. With a muffled voice she said, “You’re a good reason! Why can’t you see it?”
Eory looked at her back for a time with a reflective expression on his face. In a moment he said, “Because my hands are covered in blood. I’m not fit to live with you, however much I wanted to.”
Laurence removed the circlet atop his head while Eory spoke to Kori. The king’s hands were nervous; the fairy could decide to kill him and Kori at any moment; haste was needed. The king yanked the blood red jewel out of the center of the circlet. “The Astral Elves gave each king of every kingdom one of these for whenever a king might find a willing recruit to fend off the doppelgangers. All I need do is call upon the owner of this gem, Tyrus, and he will come immediately and ask for your signature on a contract, and then he will take you to the Crater.”
Eory touched Kori’s shoulder, but she yanked it away, saying angrily. “Just go if you care so little about me!”
The fairy was devastated. 
Laurence wasted no time in clutching the gem in his hands, whispering, “Tyrus.”
A few silent moments passed, and then a tall, statuesque elf the same height as Pollyanna appeared. His ears were pointed like Kori’s, but they were only the width of a human’s ear unlike the waif’s, whose were much longer. The elf wore a blood cloak, draping over the front and back of his torso, leaving his arms uncovered.. Underneath the cloak, he wore plain black breeches and pointed, golden shoes.
He was thin underneath all his clothes—so thin that his clothes were very baggy--and had an incredibly long face and neck.
Although Tyrus had a hood up, Eory saw that the elf had a third eye underneath it on his forehead and tried not to stare.
The elf addressed the king in a monotone voice. “Do you have new recruits?”
Laurence nodded. “The fairy and the warrior maiden. I must warn you… They are unpredictable. They may kill all the other recruits if it suits them.”
The Astral Elf glanced at Eory and Pollyanna. “Ah, the Arrozan and the ancient guard of his family. They will be fine recruits. If they expect to survive in the Crater, they will have to learn that they must work with others. I will take them, but I need their consent—both verbal and written. Do I have it?”
“You have it.” Eory answered.
Pollyanna looked unsure for a fraction of a second—but then she remembered how Eory gave up his freedom for her and suddenly, her doubt was gone. She wasn’t even sure how she felt about Eory, but she was enthralled by that strangely selfless decision and wanted to see where following Eory would lead her.
“You have it.” Pollyanna said confidently.
The elf spread his long arms out from under his cloak, holding his palm out. Out of thin air, a shining, yellow piece of parchment was summoned along with a quill-and-ink-pen floating above the elf’s palm. He stretched his fingers out toward Eory and the parchment floated his way.
Eory took the pen, reading over the simple and short contract warily. It wanted his promise that he would willingly stay at the Crater for life and help fend off the doppelgangers or face pain of death. He looked down-trodden and lost for a moment, and then he signed it, feeling very cold.
While the elf conjured another piece of parchment and pen for Pollyanna, Eory touched Kori’s shoulder again. “Please Kori, give me a proper goodbye.”
Her shoulders slumped, she hung her head.
Tears stung his eyes. “Please, I’ll never see you again. I want to know that someone loved me…”
Pollyanna watched them with a curious eyebrow raised as she signed her name, wondering, briefly, what it might be like to have a mother’s love.
“I will be taking them now.” The elf announced. “Come, hold my hands and I will warp you to where the rest of the recruits are.”
Eory begged quietly, “please, Kori…”
But she wouldn’t even turn his way.
Eory dried his eyes, sniffling and then joined Pollyanna by the elf.
The elf spoke in a foreign language, his eyes lighting up with golden light; the air around him swirled hectically, and the billowing of the fabric they were all wearing filled Eory’s large ears. 
Golden streaks of light flared around them.
Eory’s eyes wouldn’t leave Kori’s as new tears kept replacing old ones. Without her support, he felt so unsure and alone. He looked down, sobbing loudly with only Pollyanna to put a comforting hand on his shoulder.
She never loved me at all… Eory thought to himself. This was the last image he would ever have of her in his mind; an image of her fittingly turning her back on him.
“Wait!” Kori suddenly screamed and the elf stopped his spell. She threw her arms around Eory. “I want to come with you! I want to protect you! Give me a contract, too!”
A slow and contented, gentle smile spread across the fairy’s face as he pressed his cheek into the top of her head, his eyes squinted into a smile.
The bitterness and coldness seemed to leave his mind now that he got to say a proper goodbye. Now, he would have an image of her tearful, but loving face in his mind instead of an image of her turning her back on him. “Kori, I want you to stay. I want you to keep redeeming criminals and improving their lives. You have a good life to live ahead of you, and it shouldn’t include someone rotten like me.”
Kori pressed her head further onto his chest, giving herself a moment to remember all of her grand memories of being a mother.
She remembered when Eory would refuse to eat and she would have to play a game with him where they both pretended to be pigs to get him to do so. She remembered when she would bathe him and he would splash water all over her, giggling playfully, and she remembered his radiant little face when she would enter his old room at the tower, and how nothing in the world felt as warm or as golden as his hugs.
She remembered those times when he would get sad—so sad that he couldn’t even get off the sofa in his room to greet her. Most of the time she would threaten that if he didn’t get up, she would leave him, but sometimes she would sit next to him and ask him what was wrong. He would never answer her, but he would hug her until he felt better, and she would feel enormously proud of herself that she helped him out of the pits of despair.
He was her greatest accomplishment, and that would never change.
“Kori, I order you to stay. You are not fit for the company of criminals and other misfits of society. You will stay here and do your job.” Laurence threatened her.
“Shall I draw her up a contract?” The elf addressed everyone in the room.
“Yes! I want to go!” Kori yelled. “Let me go!”
But Laurence was having none of it. He yanked her away from Eory and squeezed her arm as she tried to struggle free.
Laurence nodded to the elf. “Take them away.”
The elf began his spell where he had left off.
Eory looked at the weeping Kori who was screaming his name. The elf was speaking louder and louder and the wind swirling around them howled so loudly that he couldn’t hear the waif’s words at all.
He smiled at his Kori one last time, thanking her under his breath for trying.
Thank you for trying to save me.
And then, the elf, the fairy, and the warrior maiden all disappeared from the ballroom in a flash of light.
